Ankita Kesharwani
ad742m@r.postjobfree.com
919-***-****
Senior Cloud Engineer with Devops

Professional Summary:
A highly motivated Azure Cloud and DevOps Engineer with over 8+ years of professional experience in Cloud (Azure, AWS), Configuration Management, Infrastructure Automation and Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD), and Application Development Experience leading continuous integration, delivery, automation, and infrastructure-as-code efforts for multiple cloud service offerings.
Automated the build and deployment of application code through the entire lifecycle in multiple environments as well as the software configuration management processes for the entire application development life cycle.
Hands on experience with Microsoft Azure Cloud services, Storage Accounts and Virtual Networks.
Implement CI/CD pipelines using Azure ADO, thus enabling automated building, testing, and deployment of applications Provide integration of DevOps pipeline applications to provide CI/CD
Established and maintained CI/CD pipelines for automated testing, deployment, and version control of data solutions.
Experienced in Azure DevOps implementing Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) pipelines. Designed VNets and subscriptions to confirm to Azure Network Limits.
Used Terraform to automate provisioning of infrastructure and applications on Azure for DevOps environment.
Responsible for implementing containerized based applications on Azure Kubernetes by using Azure Kubernetes service (AKS), Kubernetes Cluster, which are responsible for cluster management, Virtual Network to deploy agent nodes, Ingress API Gateway, MySQL Databases and Cosmo DBfor stateless storage of external data,
Develop JSON Scripts for deploying the Pipeline in Azure Data Factory (ADF) that process the data using the Sql Activity. Developed Python notebooks to run in Azure Databricks environments.
Designed and implemented CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins for continuous build & deployment and integrated Junit for automated testing, SonarQube plugins in Jenkins for code quality check and Nexus for storing Artifacts.
Implemented CI/CD pipelines using Azure DevOps in Azure cloud with GIT, MS Build, Docker, Maven along with Jenkins plugins. Automated infrastructure provisioning on Azure using Terraform.
Used Microsoft Azure DevOps for setting up CI/CD pipelines for deploying the builds to Azure servers.
Used Azure Kubernetes Service to deploy a managed Kubernetes cluster in Azure and created an AKS cluster in the Azure portal, with the Azure CLI, also used template driven deployment options such as Azure Resource Manager templates and Terraform. Provided application support by reviewing the tickets and troubleshooting the issues
Experienced in Provisioning of IAAS & PAAS Virtual Machines and Web\Worker roles on Microsoft Azure Classic and Azure Resource Manager Experienced in migrate an On - premises Instances or Azure Classic Instances to Azure ARM Subscription with Azure Site Recovery. Experience in Azure Fabric Services
Responsible for developing CI/CD pipelines using available tools in Azure DevOps and Jenkins.
Performing deployments using CI/CD pipelines. Expertise in Terraform code development for IaaS, PaaS Solutions. Involved in creation of virtual machines and infrastructure in the Azure Cloud environment
Hands on experience in Azure Development, worked on Azure web application, App services, Azure storage, Azure SQL Database, Virtual machines, Fabric controller, Azure AD, Azure search, and notification hub.
Extensive involvement in Designing Azure Resource Manager Template and in designing custom build steps using PowerShell. Using Databricks, with over 2+ years of hands-on experience, particularly within Azure Cloud.
Manage different AZURE environment for provisioning of Linux servers and services executed by the providers.
Good at Manage hosting plans for Azure Infrastructure, implementing & deploying workloads on Azure virtual machines (VMs). Created notebooks in Databricks and Deploy the pipelines through ADF (Azure Data Factory).
Experience on creating whole infrastructure Web apps, V-net integration, HCM, Subnets, IAM, Security groups, Application gateway, AppInsights on AZURE. Managed GIT repositories for branching, merging, and tagging
Experience in deploying OMS, Azure Security Center, Azure site recovery, and Azure automation.
Experience in migrating the existing v1 (Classic) Azure infrastructure into v2 (ARM), scripting and templating the whole end to end process as much as possible so that it is customizable for each area being migrated.
Experience on various Azure services like Compute (Web Roles, Worker Roles), Azure Websites, Caching, SQL Azure, NoSQL, Storage, Network services, Azure Active Directory, API Management, Scheduling, Auto Scaling, and Power Shell Automation. Designed and developed Cloud Service projects and deployed to WebApps, IaaS, and PaaS.
Experience in support activities like troubleshooting, performance monitoring, resolving production incidents.
Ability to work closely with teams, to ensure high quality and timely delivery of build and release.
Excellent communication skills, with an ability to understand the concepts and technical and non-technical requirements.

Technical Skills:
Microsoft Azure
Networking (VPN, Express route, UDR, NSG, Load Balancer, Firewalls,WAF), Compute, Storage, Azure Active Directory, OMS, Azure Site Recovery, Azure Backup, Azure API, Azure Services, SAN, NAS, SCOM, SCCM, Azure Security Center, Azure Monitoring and RBAC.
Cloud Computing
Microsoft Azure (IAAS, PAAS, SAAS),DNS, Azure load balancer, traffic manager,DNS
Azure Developing Tools
PowerShell, Ansible, Azure CLI, Azure ARM Portal.
Version Controls
GitHub, SVN.
Databases
MYSQL, MS SQL.
Virtualization Platforms/Cloud
VMware, vSphere/vCenter/ESXi, REST
Web Servers
IIS, HTTP Web Server, Apache Tomcat, WebLogic Application Server.
Operating Systems
Windows, Linux, Unix, Mac OS X. (VMware and HyperV).
Management Skills
Creating PPT, creating MOM, good understanding of Excel, data digging using VLOOKUP, assigning meeting, sending meeting updates, create reports

Education Details: BTech (IT) from United College of Engineering & Research (India) – 2007

Professional Summary:

Company: Leidos, Raleigh NC Aug 2023 – Till Date
Role: Senior Azure DevOps Engineer
Client: CDC (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention)
Holding Public Trust Clearence
Project: App Modernization(Azure)
Responsibilities:
Responsible for processes to improve reliability processes that increase efficiency, eliminate downtime, and maintain.
Building out our automation strategy surrounding all release activities including our solution and all third-party software components. Python, Shell Scripting, Terraform, and SQL proficiency.
Managing business analysis, troubleshooting, network administration, software design
Liasing easy communication with programmers, application experts and computer operators to exchange information and resolve problems. Created AWS Launch configurations based on customized AMI and use this launch configuration to configure auto scaling groups. Used Shell, Python, Ruby, and Pearl as scripting language.
Used Terraform to automate provisioning of infrastructure and applications on Azure for DevOps environment.
Responsible for estimating the cluster size, monitoring, and troubleshooting of the Spark Databricks cluster.
Developed & tested several POC on Azure cloud using ETL Tools like Azure Data Factory, Data Lake, Stream analytics and Azure Databricks Onboard and provide support to application teams on the DevOps pipeline.
Implement CI/CD pipelines using Azure ADO, thus enabling automated building, testing, and deployment of applications Provide integration of DevOps pipeline applications to provide CI/CD
Implemented security best practices using Azure Key Vault and Azure Service Principles to safeguard sensitive information. Designed, wrote and maintained systems in Python scripting for administering GIT, by using Jenkins as a full cycle continuous delivery tool involving package creation, distribution, and deployment onto Tomcat application servers via shell scripts embedded into Jenkins jobs. Evaluate DevOps pipeline application.
Insightful understanding of implementing Azure services to perfection, including Azure Cloud Services, Azure Storage solutions, Azure Active Directory (AD) integration, Azure Blob Storage, Azure Virtual Machines (VMs), SQL Databases, Azure Functions, Azure App Service, Azure Monitor, Data Factory, Databricks and Azure Service Bus, Databases like Azure SQL, Cosmos DB, ARM Templates, Azure DevOps, Azure Storages like Data lake, Blob storage, File share, Azure Active Directory, Azure B2B and B2C, Azure Key Vault, Azure Security & Monitoring Solutions, Service Bus, Azure AppInsights, Azure Monitor, Azure Sentinel, etc.
Spearheaded the design and implementation of end-to-end data solutions using Azure Databricks, Azure Logic Apps, and Azure ADLS, ensuring seamless integration with existing systems.
Designed and implemented efficient data pipelines using Azure Data Factory, optimizing data movement and transformation. Maintain relationships with key stakeholders to drive business growth
Established and maintained CI/CD pipelines for automated testing, deployment, and version control of data solutions.
Conduct design reviews and code audits to ensure compliance with architectural standards and best practices.
Manage projects and provide technical leadership to ensure successful project delivery.

Client: Itron, Raleigh NC Aug 2022 – July 2023
Role: Senior Azure Engineer/DevOps/Architect
Responsibilities:
Responsible for processes to improve reliability processes that increase efficiency, eliminate downtime, and maintain performance at scale at all platforms and environments Migrated on-premise resources to Microsoft Azure Cloud and configured VNETs and Subnets as per the project requirement.
Developed automation scripting in Python (core) using Puppet to deploy and manage Java applications across Linux servers. Experience on Migrating SQL database to Azure data Lake, Azure data lake Analytics, Azure SQL Database, Databricks and Azure SQL Data warehouse and controlling and granting database access and Migrating On premise databases to Azure Data Lake store using Azure Data Factory.
Experienced in Azure DevOps implementing Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) pipelines. Designed VNets and subscriptions to confirm to Azure Network Limits.
Implement CI/CD pipelines using Azure ADO, thus enabling automated building, testing, and deployment of applications Provide integration of DevOps pipeline applications to provide CI/CD
Established and maintained CI/CD pipelines for automated testing, deployment, and version control of data solutions.
Used Microsoft Azure DevOps for setting up CI/CD pipelines for deploying the builds to Azure servers.
Involved in the full life cycle of software design process of other projects, including prototyping, proof of concepts, design, interface implementation, testing and maintenance. Replicated VMware VMs to Azure with Site Recovery.
Worked on Azure AD connect to sync on-premises AD user data, groups, and organizations to Azure AD and troubleshoot Azure services sync with on-premises AD and resync using the Azure tools.
Designed and configured Azure Virtual Networks (VNets), subnets, Azure network settings,,WAF,DHCP address blocks, DNS settings, security policies and routing. Deployed Azure IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and Cloud services (PaaS role instances) into secure VNets and subnets.

Client: Banner Bank, Walla Walla, WA. June 2021 – July 2022
Role: Senior Azure Cloud DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
Analyze and Review the requirements, Identified process improvement and automation opportunities within the release process to continuously improve the overall product quality Act as a Subject Matter Expert to the team for cloud and virtualization end-to-end architecture and IaaS, as well as PaaS and SaaS solutions.
Provide advanced system administration (Infrastructure as Code), operational support and problem resolution for a large complex cloud computing environment in Azure.
Experienced in Azure DevOps implementing Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) pipelines.
Implemented and managed release processes for code through development, test and production environments
Used Terraform to automate provisioning of infrastructure and applications on Azure for DevOps environment.
Responsible for implementing containerized based applications on Azure Kubernetes by using Azure Kubernetes service (AKS), Kubernetes Cluster, which are responsible for cluster management, Virtual Network to deploy agent nodes, Ingress API Gateway, MySQL Databases and Cosmo DBfor stateless storage of external dat
Develop JSON Scripts for deploying the Pipeline in Azure Data Factory (ADF) that process the data using the Sql Activity. Developed Python notebooks to run in Azure Databricks environments.
Various branching, merging, resolve merge conflict and tagging. Continuous Delivery infrastructure setup in Azure Iaas.
Deploying, managing and operating scalable, highly available, and fault tolerant systems on Azure.
Implemented CI/CD pipelines using Azure DevOps in Azure cloud with GIT, MS Build, Docker, Maven along with Jenkins plugins. Automated infrastructure provisioning on Azure using Terraform.
Configured Azure Virtual Networks (VNets), subnets, Azure network settings, DHCP address blocks, DNS settings, security policies and routing Monitor Azure Infrastructure through System Center Operation Manager (SCOM).
Manage and Create Storage Account and Affinity Group in Azure Portal.
Used Azure Resource Manager (ARM) to deploy, update, or delete all the resources for your solution in a single, coordinated operation. Replicated VMware VMs to Azure with Site Recovery.
Working on GIT for data integrity and managed central repositories: Implemented Atlassian Stash along with GIT to host GIT central repositories for source code across products, facilitate code reviews and login audits for Security Compliance. Used AGILE method to develop a build and MAVEN as a build tool.
Migrating SQL database to Azure data Lake, Azure data lake Analytics, Azure SQL Database, Databricks and Azure SQL Data warehouse and Controlling and granting database access and Migrating On premise databases to Azure Data lake store using Azure Data Factory Upload and deploy Azure VM using custom images.
Implement network security in Azure environment through Endpoints, ACL and rules in windows azure portal.
Actively participant in scrum meetings, reporting the progress and maintain good communication with each team member and mangers.
Environment: Azure, VMWare, Azure Resource Manager, Azure Data Factory, Azure VM, Kubernetes, Maven, Terraform, SQL, Agile, GIT, LINUX, UNIX.

Client: Tenet Healthcare, Dallas, TX Nov 2019 – Apr 2021
Role: Senior Azure DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
Experienced in Azure DevOps implementing Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) pipelines.
Responsible for processes to improve reliability processes that increase efficiency, eliminate downtime, and maintain performance at scale at all platforms and environments Migrated on-premise resources to Microsoft Azure Cloud and configured VNETs and Subnets as per the project requirement.
Assisted in migrating applications from on-premises Datacenter to the Azure Cloud. Deploy web applications to Azure App services. Created the automated build and deployment process for application, re-engineering setup for better user experience, and leading up to building a continuous integration system for Oncor platforms and applications.
Designed and implemented CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins for continuous build & deployment and integrated Junit for automated testing, SonarQube plugins in Jenkins for code quality check and Nexus for storing Artifacts.
Implemented CI/CD pipelines using Azure DevOps in Azure cloud with GIT, MS Build, Docker, Maven along with Jenkins plugins. Automated infrastructure provisioning on Azure using Terraform.
Used Microsoft Azure DevOps for setting up CI/CD pipelines for deploying the builds to Azure servers.
Responsible for developing CI/CD pipelines using available tools in Azure DevOps and Jenkins.
Performing deployments using CI/CD pipelines. Expertise in Terraform code development for IaaS, PaaS Solutions. Involved in creation of virtual machines and infrastructure in the Azure Cloud environment
Experience with Azure Cloud Services(IaaS & PaaS),Azure Active Directory (AD), Azure IAM, Azure Resource Manager (ARM), Azure SQL Database, Azure storage, App Service, Azure Functions, Azure Virtual Machines, Azure Storage, Even Hubs, Blob Storage, Azure Networking, Azure MySQL, Azure Service Fabric, Azure Monitor.
Designed, configured, and deployed Azure Automation Scripts for a multitude of applications utilizing the Azure stack (Including Compute, Web Mobile, Blobs, ADF, Resource Groups, HDInsight Clusters, Azure SQL, Cloud Services, and ARM), Services and Utilities focusing on Automation.
Used Azure Kubernetes Service to deploy a managed Kubernetes cluster in Azure and created an AKS cluster in the Azure portal, with the Azure CLI, also used template driven deployment options such as Azure Resource Manager templates and Terraform. Provided application support by reviewing the tickets and troubleshooting the issues
Accountability and coordination for all release activities from development through production deployments.
Experience using Azure Application Insights and Log analytics to debug day to day infrastructure issues.
Worked on Azure AD connect to sync on-premises AD user data, groups, and organizations to Azure AD and troubleshoot Azure services sync with on-premises AD and resync using the Azure tools.
Experience with AWS cloud services, EC2, Auto Scaling, EBS, S3,VPC, Route 53, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Red Shift, SQS, SNS and experienced in Cloud automation. Worked on Agile Scrum Team and attended daily scrum meetings.
Performed End-to-End testing, Ad-Hoc testing, Integration testing and User Acceptance Testing.
Administered IIS 7.0/7.5/8.0 for creating new Websites, Applications, Virtual Directories, App pools, Bindings and deploying websites and web applications. Responsible for manually setup and configure .net applications in new environments (IIS Configuration, App pool and website setup) on On-premise servers.
Creation of database objects like tables, views, functions, procedures, and packages using oracle tools like Toad, SQL Developer for distribution management applications. Coordinate and support the response to problems reported by the Application users and participated in on-call weekly rotation and provided 24/7 support to Control room Operators and Field Personnel. Provided technical support for all production related issues
Using Jira Ticketing tool for the tracking and implementing the changes and fixes.
Environment: Azure Cloud, AWS Cloud, Azure DevOps, Maven, Kubernetes (AKS), Git, Terraform, Visual Studio 2015/2017, AJAX SQL Server, Windows.

Client: Chewy.com, Dania Beach, FL. Sep 2018 – Oct 2019
Role: Senior Azure Engineer (DevOps)
Responsibilities:
Designed and configured Azure Virtual Networks (VNets), subnets, Azure network settings, DHCP address blocks, DNS settings, security policies and routing.
Deployed Azure IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and Cloud services (PaaS role instances) into secure VNets and subnets. Designed VNets and subscriptions to confirm to Azure Network Limits.
Implemented CI/CD pipelines using Azure DevOps in Azure cloud with GIT, MS Build, Docker, Maven along with Jenkins plugins. Automated infrastructure provisioning on Azure using Terraform.
Experienced in Azure DevOps implementing Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) pipelines
Used Microsoft Azure DevOps for setting up CI/CD pipelines for deploying the builds to Azure servers.
Exposed Virtual machines and cloud services in the VNets to the Internet using Azure External Load Balancer .
Provided high availability for IaaS VMs and PaaS role instances for access from other services in the VNet with Azure Internal Load Balancer. Used firewall appliance where requirements call for layer 7 security models.
Implemented high availability with Azure Classic and Azure Resource Manager deployment models.
Designed Network Security Groups (NSGs) to control inbound and outbound access to network interfaces (NICs), VMs and subnets. Experience migrating existing SSIS packages to pipelines in Azure Data Factory.
Created Pipelines in Azure Data Factory to refresh azure Reporting Data warehouse.
Setup Azure Virtual Appliances (VMs) to meet security requirements as software based appliance functions (firewall, WAN optimization and intrusion detections). Leveraged VNET system routes and underlying route table that holds Local VNet Rules, On-premise Rules, Internet Rules and IP Forwarding as design basis.
Utilized NSGs for layer 4 Access Control List (ACLs) for incoming and outgoing packets.
Designed User Defined Routes with custom route tables for specific cases to force tunnelling to the Internet via On-premise network and control use of virtual appliances in the customer's Azure environment.
Associated routes with Virtual networks via the route table per relationship constraints.
Managed IP Forwarding for VMs and role instances acting as virtual appliances.
Configured BGP routes to enable ExpressRoute connections between on premise data centres and Azure cloud.
Involved in deployment and post production support for the application.
Environment: Azure, IaaS, PaaS, Windows server 2012/R2/2013, Windows PowerShell, Microsoft Azure Storage.

Client: Synovus, Columbus, GA. Mar 2017 – Aug 2018
Role: Azure Engineer
Responsibilities:
Involved in the full life cycle of software design process of other projects, including prototyping, proof of concepts, design, interface implementation, testing and maintenance.
Maintaining and Troubleshooting servers on the Azure platform. Migrating an On-premise Virtual machine to Azure with Azure site recovery. Implemented Azure Application Insights for error logging.
Experienced in Azure DevOps implementing Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) pipelines
Building and installing VM's through Azure Resource Manager Templates and Azure Portal.
Demonstrated working experience in Azure Logic apps and SQL Database.
Extract Transform and Load data from Sources Systems to Azure Data Storage services using a combination of Azure Data Factory, T-SQL, Spark SQL, and U-SQL Azure Data Lake Analytics. Data Ingestion to one or more Azure Services - (Azure Data Lake, Azure Storage, Azure SQL, Azure DW) and processing the data in In Azure Databricks.
Developed Spark scripts using Python on Azure HDInsight for Data Aggregation, Validation and verified its performance over MR jobs. Created and maintained user accounts, roles on Jira, MySQL, production and staging servers.
Involved in Data Architecture, Data profiling, Data analysis, data mapping and Data architecture artifacts design.
Involved in all phases of data mining, data collection, data cleaning, developing models, validation and visualization.
Creating SSIS Packages by using different data Transformations like Derived Column, Data Conversion, Sort, Merge join, Lookup, Conditional Split, Script Component, Union All and OLEDB Command.
Creating SSIS Packages by using different Control Flow Tasks like Data Flow Task, Execute SQL Task, Sequence Container, For Each Loop Container, Send Mail Task, Analysis Service Process task.
Involved in Manipulating, cleansing & processing data using Excel, Access and SQL and responsible for loading, extracting and validation of client data. Developed and implemented Software Release Management strategies for various applications according to the agile process. Provide responsive off-hours support in a 24/7 environment and ensure maximum availability of all servers and applications.
Environment: Azure, Spark, SSIS, SSAS, Data Profiling, Data Cleaning, Data mining, SQL and Windows.

Senior System Specialist
HCL Technologies Ltd Oct 2007 – Jun 2015
Contact this candidate