Srinivasa Reddy
Phone: 657-***-****
Email: ad755i@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary:
IT professional with 11 years of experience and outstanding record of accomplishment for providing rich technology solutions that meet demanding time restraints and exceed expectations. Experience working as DevOps and automation engineer implementing DevOps practices for multiple clients. Expertise in troubleshooting, problem solving and tool-chaining.

Areas of Expertise
Cloud based solutioning and automation.
Hands-on scripting skills
Build and Deployment design, implementation, and operationalization.
Tools administration

Technical Skills
Technologies:- Java, .NET
Web Development:- Java Script, PHP, HTML
Operating Systems:- Windows, Linux (Ubuntu, Centos, RHEL, etc...)
Cloud/Containerization Platforms:- Azure, AWS, Docker, and Kubernetes
Database & Tools:- Oracle, MySQL, COSMOS
CI & CD Tools:- Jenkins, Bamboo, Chef, Maven, Ansible, Jira
Version Control Tools:- Tortoise SVN, GIT, Bitbucket TFS and VSTS (Azure DevOps)
Web/ App Servers:- Apache Tomcat, Jetty, Wildfly & WebSphere
Logging & Monitoring:- ELK, HD Insights
Scripting:- PowerShell, Bash, and Python,
Networking:- TCP/IP, NIS, DNS, SMTP, LAN, FTP/TFTP

Education Details:-
Masters in computer science from Silicon Valley University in 2015
Bachelors in Electronics and communication from JNTU Hyderabad 2012

Certifications
Microsoft Azure Administrator Associate (Az-104)
Microsoft Azure Developer Associate (AZ-204)
Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions (Az-400)

Work Experience:-
Brillio/Sempra,Mclean, VA May 21 to Till Date
Role: Sr. Azure Cloud Engineer
Roles & Responsibilities:
Implemented and dealing with windows Azure services like Virtual Networks, Virtual Machines, Azure SQL Servers, Azure Data warehouse, Azure SQL Servers, Cosmos DB, Resource Groups, VPN, Load Balancing, Auto Scaling, Azure monitoring, Traffic Manager
Experience in Azure SQL Servers and backup and restore databases from one environment to another env
Complete lab setup for Single-On application with Azure & Local AD.
Built a new CI pipeline. Testing and deployment automation with Docker, Azure Devops
Experience in building post installation scripts using Shell scripting in Linux servers.
Experience in provisioned and set up the SQL severs and COSMOS DB
Experience in Azure cloud and spin up infra on demand using IaC(infra-as-code)
Focus on continuous integration and deployment, promoting Enterprise Solutions to target environments.
Experience on the Azure IAM(RBAC) Providing access and roles to the team and infra.
Good experience in provision and maintaining the Azure storage accounts.
Experience in the data Migration from on premises to the Cloud using Azure data migration assistance.
Worked on the Azure Front door WAF (web application firewall policies)
Experience in provision and set up of the App Service Plan,Function apps, Web app’s and Logics app’s.
Worked on the service now and support the L-1, L-2, and L-3 incidents and ITA Tasks
Worked on the Azure API Management and set up the common API for function apps.
Good experience in setting up Azure CDN creating profiles and domains.
Worked on End to End in Azure DevOps maintain the repo, Board, Maintain the service connections, creating the CI/CD pipelines and main the users and their Licenses.
Experience in creating the deployment Gates and set the approvers in Azure DevOps
Experience in Administration/Maintenance of enterprise level source control repositories, such as GIT, Sub Version (SVN), Perforce, TFS, and knowledge of Clear Case.
Good experience on Azure AD and creating the roles and service principles.
Worked on the Azure Data factory and storage accounts.
Prepare Complete End to End Solution design covering both PaaS & IaaS of Azure based on the request from the End user/Application Team
Experience in optimizing volumes and instances. Configured Elastic Load Balancers with Auto scaling groups.
Responsible for writing Terraform modules and mentoring the peers to write consumable code for reusable modules to maintain/provision the cloud applications.

Wipro/Alcon, Fort Worth, TX Oct 20 to May 21
Role: Sr. Cloud DevOps Engineer
Environment: Windows, Linux, Git, Maven, Ant, Maven, Shell, Python, Chef, Vagrant, Eclipse, AWS, Artifactory, Terraforms, Arm templates, Jfrog, MySQL, Azure
Roles & Responsibilities:
Working experience on Azure resources virtual machines, storage accounts, disks, load balancers, subnets etc.
Build, Test and Deploy applications for hardware and software configuration on servers.
Experience in working with Azure CDN and configuring the CDN profiles and END Points and setting up the Cache rules.
Experience in Azure PowerShell and Azure CLI and python scripting
Hands on experience in creating the Dashboards and generating the reports in Azure DevOps tools and customized the dashboards on customer requirement.
Handle deployment workflow including provisioning, load balancing, and health monitoring.
Experience in architecting, designing, installation, configuration and management of Apache Hadoop Clusters & Hortonworks Hadoop Distribution and Azure Data Lakes
Modification of Certs, Password and Storage Accounts maintain the keys and secrets using Azure Key Vault
Experience in set up the Azure Security and Log Anlytics and set up the Policy’s
Be security conscious and aware of potential security risks and threats.
Implement robust security measures for Azure environments.
Ensure compliance with industry standards and regulatory requirements.
Configure the Azure DevOps Build Agents in the Virtual machines and support the build agents’ upgrades.
Deployed the Infrastructure using Arm templates.
Experience in set up the Networking like Vnet peering, Point to site, site to site and Express routes
Frequent use and application of technical standard, principles, theories, and concept of cloud components
Hands on experience in Azure Runbooks schulde the Jobs.
Experience in deploying the security patches using update managent in the runbooks and Log analytics
Experience in configuring the availability sets to virtual machines.
Hand on experience in mounting the disk to the VM’s, creating the snapshots
Configured the Power BI and integrates with Azure DevOps
Experience of working with Azure Monitoring, Data Factory, Traffic Manager, Service Bus, Key Vault.
Responsible for writing reusable Infrastructure as a Code for mission critical application like Tier-0 and automated the provisioning of infrastructure using Terraform and maintained complicated Azure Resource Manager templates through Terraform.
Diagnose nodes that have reached an inoperable state.
Experience in deploying Database Changes to Oracle, MS SQL Server, and MY SQL databases.
Hands on experience in troubleshooting the functions app issue and analysing the using the Application insights
Implemented blue-green deployments using ARM templates, reducing downtime during updates, and ensuring seamless application releases
Create the build and Release Pipeline in the Azure DevOps and Debug the pipeline Issues.
As part of Migration of On-Prem Application Servers to Cloud Platform (Azure), the changes of Application from Windows platform to Linux platform.
Developed Windows PowerShell scripts to automate setting of user credentials and activation of Windows.

TCS/CTS/Axa XL, Hartford, CT June 18 to Oct 2020
Role: Cloud Automation Engineer
Environment: Chef, Vagrant, Git, Maven, Jenkins, Ant, Maven, Windows, Linux, Shell, Python, Chef, Vagrant, Jenkins, Eclipse, Azure, Arm templates, Jfrog, Oracle, MySQL, Derby, Azure, Artifactory, Bamboo, Nexus
Roles & Responsibilities:
As part of enabling DevOps, Converted the complete Enterprise ant build system to maven and implemented the continuous integration solution.
Hands on experience in migrate an On-premises Instances or Azure Classic Instances to Azure ARM Subscription with Azure Site Recovery.
Hands on experience with Visual Studio Online (VSO), Cognitive Services (LUIS) and SQL Azure
Implemented version control solution with Atlassian Stash and defined the version control strategies.
Hands-on experience in managing Azure Storage Accounts like blob and table storages.
Handle deployment workflow including provisioning, load balancing, and health monitoring
As part of maven enablement, integrated maven with Junit and Sonar for code coverage and static code analysis
Experience with Microsoft Azure, Azure Resource Management templates, Virtual Networks, Storage, Virtual Machines, and Azure Active Directory
Drive end to end deployment of various Components on the Azure Platform
Deployed Azure Cost Management and Monitoring options in the whole landscape
Worked on load balancing and setting up load balancer and firewall rules in and enterprise environment.
Integrated Git with Jenkins as part of Continuous Integration
Experience in Provision and configuring the cosmos, Postgres and MongoDB
Implemented & maintained the branching and build/release strategies utilizing GIT.
Designed and Implemented Disaster Recovery(DR’s) setup for the Customers in Azure Cloud using Recovery Service Vault
Worked on Installation and Configuration of Chef Server and Chef-client (Nodes).
Implemented PowerShell scripts that automated creation of contacts from Active Directory users and updating of address books -increasing productivity and efficiency.
Create, manage SQL Server AZURE Databases.
Setting up Connection Strings and connecting SQL Server AZURE Databases from locally Installed SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) for Developers
Strong understanding of JAVA and .net project structures.
Good understanding of building Android Applications using Maven and Jenkins.
Building post install scripts using Shell scripting in Linux servers.
Strong skills in managing Red Hat Linux servers, Virtualization, and system security.
Experience with Apache/Tomcat, Load Balancer (Apache) and expertise in making configuration changes.
Developed Complex database objects like Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages and Triggers using Oracle DB, MY SQL and PL/SQL.
Worked with Bamboo Continuous Integration tool and resolve compilation and deployment errors.

HSS-Evolent Health – Arlington, VA Feb 16 to May 18
Role: DevOps Automation Engineer
Environment: Windows, Linux, Chef, Vagrant, Git, Maven, Jenkins, Ant, Maven, Shell, Python, Chef, Vagrant, Jenkins, Eclipse, Artifactory, Maven, Oracle, MySQL, Derby, Chef, Azure
Roles & Responsibilities:
Created and implemented branching and merging strategy with multiple branches in TFS & GIT
Developing and maintaining the build environment, the source code control system and managing build packages using TFS.
Implemented and managed Azure RBAC to control access to resources, ensuring secure and compliant operations.
Customized Windows workflow 4.0 based Build Process Templates to get the build process easy and make executable packages configured separately for deployments on different environments.
Automated Development Environment deployments by customizing the windows workflow 4.0 based XAML Template.
Provision the infra using for multi-cloud environment using Terraform
Worked on Work Item Type Template Customization according to Business requirement.
Performed build and deployment activities across multiple environments – Testing, UAT, Staging and Production environments.
Worked on Setting up UAT, Staging and Production environments and created deployment scripts according to the requirement.
Visible role with daily contact with internal customers and a lot of good team collaboration.
Developed and maintained the release schedule for all development teams and ensured alignment across key partners.
Tracked and communicated release issues, risks, schedule, activities, and status.
Identified, tracked, and reported key release metrics (e.g., testing progress vs plan etc.).
Coordinated the use of Development and Test Infrastructure Environments in support of the releases using Environment Technology Map and Integrated Release Tracker sheets.

HSS-FactSet’s – Hyderabad, India June 12 to Nov 14
Role: Build and Release Engineer
Environment: Windows, Ubuntu (Linux), SVN, TFS 2010, Hudson, TFS team build, (python Scripting), Ant, Nanty, Maven, Shell, Hudson, Eclipse, Jira, Sonar, Artifactory, Junit, Maven, Ant, Oracle, MySQL
Roles & Responsibilities:
Involved in writing shell scripts to interact with Apache server and Agent.
Implemented Agent in a way that it will login to remote LDAP server and do the updates without any password authentication using secured SSH key pair.
Implemented a small Database required to store the Cloud information.
Implemented a scheduler which will update the DB on time basis using shell scripts.
Worked as SVN tool Administrator, Build, deployment engineer and responsible for Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment.
Worked on Oracle client tools to refresh the DB in different environments.
Build, manage, and continuously improve the build infrastructure for global software development engineering teams including implementation of build scripts, continuous integration infrastructure and deployment tools.
Managed the code migration from TFS, CVS and Star team to Subversion repository.
Created the bug metrices report for checking the overall productivity of the team in TFS using the reporting services with SQL Server.
Responsible for Code Freeze before the Release.
Developed and maintained Python /Shell scripts for build and release tasks.
Used ANT tool to do the builds, integrated ANT to Eclipse and did local builds.
Contact this candidate