Sampada Yarraguntla

Loveland, OH ***** 650-***-**** ad7dlc@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

DevOps engineer with 8 years of experience in designing, implementing, and managing complex infrastructures. Proficient in multiple DevOps tools and techniques and knowledgeable in infrastructure automation and configuration management.

SKILLS

Cloud Environments: AWS, Google cloud platform(GCP) and Azure
AWS Services: EC2, ELB, VPC, RDS, AMI, IAM, Cloud Formation, S3, Cloud Watch, Cloud
Trial, SNS, EBS, Route 53
Containerization Tools: Docker, Kubernetes, and Docker Swarm
Configuration Management Tools: Ansible and Chef.
Monitoring Tools: Splunk, Sumologic, ELK, AppDynamics, Grafana, Jira, Nexus, Cloud Watch,
Datadog and New Relic.
Databases: Oracle, SQL Server, MS SQL, and NOSQL
Version Control Tools: GIT, GIT Hub, BIT BUCKET
Build Tools: ANT, MAVEN, Jenkins, XL release and XL deploy.
Web Servers: Apache, Tomcat, Web Sphere
Languages/Scripts: Shell, Bash, Python, and Yaml.
SDLC: Agile, Scrum and safe agile.
Operating Systems: Red Hat, Ubuntu, Linux, CentOS, Debian
Bug Tracking Tools: Bugzilla, JIRA and ServiceNow(SNOW)

WORK HISTORY

Site Reliability Engineer, 01/2022 - 12/2024
TikTok – Remote
Responsibilities:
Handled NOSQL databases and configuration management service.
Developed custom monitoring and alerting solutions within the AWS ecosystem, enabling proactive identification of potential issues before they escalate.
End to End Client Server Installation and Customization of Jenkins through the automation of build/deployment process for respective application/project.
Worked on defects raised by users of services and monitoring clusters.
Configured alerts for all clusters in Argos using bosun queries.
Experience working with Unix Linux systems from kernel to shell.
Upgrading machines with IPV4 addresses to IPV6.
Collaborate with Information Security and operational teams to support monitoring capabilities.
Build and setup new regions as required for DR and high availability.
Created utilization dashboards by fetching CPU, mem and storage usage of clusters and depicting them via Aeolus panels and graphs.
Experience in capacity planning of resources depending on usage and requirements based on users.
Working with users to understand their requirements when deploying their services based on priority and usage.
Migrated legacy applications to the AWS cloud platform, resulting in increased flexibility and reduced operational costs.
Worked with developers to integrate resources within projects using Azure and Azure DevOps.
Deployed Java applications using Jboss.
Written custom scripts to increase system efficiency and performance time.
Used Datadog for real time monitoring of the server and DB.

Senior DevOps Engineer, 05/2020 - 01/2022
Levis Strauss – Remote
Responsibilities:
Collaborate with development teams to ensure applications are designed for scalability and reliability.
Deploying SDN packages as required to multiple environments and making sure the application is up and running.
Worked on maintaining the system performance metrics and dashboards.
Developed scripts to automate operational tasks.
Production support for every feature release.
Server and application monitoring using new relic and Splunk.
Deploy, support, and troubleshoot applications deployed on Tomcat.
Collaborated with Linux teams and DB teams to upgrade servers to latest version and get backup of the systems.
Versioned the playbooks on the source code management GitHub.
Used Jenkins pipelines to drive all micro services builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes.
Experience in using ticketing, bug tracking systems and code coverage tools like JIRA, and Rally.
Converted AWS infrastructure to a serverless architecture (AWS Lambda) and deployed using AWS Cloud formation.

Cloud Ops Engineer, 09/2019 - 04/2020
Procter & Gamble Co – Cincinnati, United States
Responsibilities:
Followed Agile methodology in order to collaborate between self-organizing cross-functional teams and delivering features on time.
Working on optimizing existing cloud CoE offerings such as Infrastructure as Code using Terraform and Shell scripts.
Orchestrating Docker containers cluster using GOOGLE KUBERNETES ENGINE (GKE).
Working on Kubernetes and Cloud managed Kubernetes services such as GKE.
Working as part of the Cloud ops team to design and implement appropriate business security measures on the Google Cloud environment.
Upgrading Terraform modules and project and Infra repositories to the latest version available.
Helping application teams by working on the tickets raised by the teams in Service now for creating infrastructure and providing access to the folders and projects in Google cloud platform.
Documenting onboarding documents for a new team member for an easy understanding of the architecture and workflow of the organization.
Provisioned monitoring and logging to troubleshoot a cluster or debug a containerized application.
Being part of setting up multitenant cluster in GKE and testing various scenarios application teams would come across when deploying application on a multitenant cluster.
Managing sprints by using Azure DevOps for organizing work into a hierarchy by grouping issues under epics, and tasks under issues.
Upgrading JNLP agents in Jenkins based on the latest version of terraform used for Infrastructure provisioning.
Provide support on GCP to troubleshoot and solve the issues faced by application teams related to the services created and access issues.
Worked with developers to integrate resources within projects using Azure and Azure DevOps. Maintained and built VMs and containers through Azure and Azure Kubernetes Services.

Sr DevOps Engineer, 08/2018 - 08/2019
TJX Companies Inc – Marlborough, United States
Responsibilities:
Experience in working closely with the Technical Delivery Manager to ensure a collaborative and cohesive alignment to Projects and Releases for a multitude of applications. In addition, to implement Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery standards and documentation to support the overall SDLC Process.
Expertise in the support of small to moderate size projects including evaluation of processes and products.
Served as a project team member on medium sized technical projects and provided solutions to technical problems of moderate scope and complexity requiring evaluation.
Handled development projects through code build/deploy activities.
Configured XL Deploy and XL Release Tools from Scratch to the following applications.
Experience working with CI/CD implementation of microservice architecture.
Managed and written Docker files to set up the automated build on Docker HUB and installed and configured Kubernetes.
Built and deployed Docker containers for implementing Micro service architecture from Monolithic architecture.
Orchestrated Docker containers cluster using Docker swarm/Kubernetes.
Written Ansible playbooks for fully automated deployment flow across environments.
Configured auto-triggered, auto-build and auto-deploy with the CI/CD Tools like Jenkins.
Experience in supporting build environments and deploying build to SBX environments, DEV
environments, Test environments, QA environments, STAGE environments and PROD environments.
Configured SonarQube and Veracode tools from scratch and setting threshold as per organizational requirements.
Technical experience performing software builds and Deployments using XebiaLab tools like (XL Deploy, Release).
Worked on Liquibase for automated Database (PLSQL) deployments.
Worked on both confluence and JIRA to enable teams to smoothly transition between the two tools and boost cross team collaboration by allowing non-technical teams to be fully informed about the progress of your technical projects.

Research Assistant, 11/2016 - 02/2018
National University – San Diego, United States
Responsibilities:
Collected research data to create representative graphs and charts highlighting results for presentations.
Met regularly with research team to identify issues and maintain study alignment with objectives. Collaborated with professor to develop successful research strategies.
Completed administrative and research duties per professor request.
Maintained database of research materials, and other paperwork.
Compiled and synthesized data to identify larger trends and research patterns impacting area of study. Drafted technical papers and other documentation for use by research leadership.
Designed and conducted experiments, collected data, and maintained results databases.

Linux Engineer, 09/2015 - 09/2016
First Source IT Services Pvt Ltd – Hyderabad
Responsibilities:
Managed installation, upgrade and deployment projects and provided on-site direction for network engineers.
User account management, managing passwords setting up quotas and troubleshooting user login using various remote login utilities.
Wrote scripts to monitor disk usage and created alerts by setting the threshold.
Developed strong organizational and communication skills through coursework and volunteer activities.
Gained extensive knowledge in data entry, analysis, and reporting.
Learned and adapted quickly to new technology and software applications.
Monitored and tested application performance to identify potential bottlenecks, develop solutions and collaborate with developers on solution implementation.

EDUCATION

Master of Science: Computer Science (2016-2018)
National University - San Diego, United States

Bachelor of Science: Electronics and Communications Engineering (2011-2015)
Kalasalingam University - Tamil Nadu, India

CERTIFICATIONS

AWS Developer Associate
Contact this candidate