GOPAL KRISHNA MUPPARAJU
ad7m48@r.postjobfree.com
+1-760-***-****

SUMMARY

A seasoned DevOps Engineer with over 7 years of comprehensive experience in automating, configuring, and optimizing environments for high performance and scalability across various cloud and on-premises platforms. Demonstrated expertise in establishing and managing Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipelines using tools like Jenkins and GitLab. Proficient in orchestrating and automating containerized applications using Kubernetes, managing infrastructure as code with Terraform, and employing Ansible for configuration management to ensure system consistency and reliability. Skilled in AWS infrastructure management, ensuring security compliance through IAM, and troubleshooting deployment build issues. Extensive experience in monitoring and alerting using AWS CloudWatch, Instana, Grafana, and Prometheus to ensure system reliability and performance. Proficient in leveraging the ELK stack for centralized logging and monitoring, further enhancing system observability and troubleshooting capabilities. Proven ability in client engagement, providing technical consultancy, and driving innovative solutions to enhance operational efficiency and user experience.
Technical Skills
AWS: EC2, Route53, Cloud formation, S3, ELB, CloudTrail, VPC, Cloud Trail, CloudWatch, RDS, IAM, AWS Lambda, Elastic Beanstalk, CloudFront, VPC, Route53, Cloud Watch, IAM, SNS, SQS, API Gateway.
Azure: Azure VNET, Azure Virtual Machines, Azure SQL, Azure SQL MI, Azure Function App, Storage Accounts, Azure AD, Azure Key Vault, Monitor, Azure Resource Groups, Azure Logic Apps
Versioning Tools: GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket
CI/CD Tools: Jenkins, Gitlab
Infrastructure provisioning tools: Terraform, CloudFormation
Container orchestration tools: Kubernetes, AWS ECS, Red Hat OpenShift
Scripting: Shell, Python and YAML.
Monitoring Tools: Splunk, AWS CloudWatch, Azure Monitor, Instana, Run scope, ELK Stack, PagerDuty, Grafana
Database: AWS RDS, Azure SQL Databases (PostgreSQL, MongoDB, MS SQL, MySQL), DynamoDB
Operating Systems: RedHat Enterprise Linux, CentOS Linux, Ubuntu, Windows Server
Networking/Protocols: VPC, NAT, Proxy, Route Tables, ELB, Security Groups, NACLs, DNS, Telnet, LDAP, TCP/IP, FTP, HTTP, HTTPS, SSH, SFTP, SCP, SSL and DHCPs

Enterprise Experience
Client: Fox Corporation, Los Angeles, CA July 2020 - Present
DevOps Engineer

●Created the automated build and deployment process for application, re-engineering setup for better user experience, and leading up to building a continuous integration system for all our products.
●Credited for designing and developing hosting solutions for new products using AWS infrastructure, migrating traditional hosted environments to new SaaS cloud infrastructure.
●Managing and optimizing the Continuous Integration using Jenkins, GitLab CI and troubleshooting the deployment build issues using the triggered logs.
●Designing and deploying scalable, highly available and fault tolerant systems on AWS.
●Worked on automation of infrastructure operation and support in day-to-day operation.
●Managing security compliance, vulnerabilities, IAM user Accounts.
●Configuring and managing fleet of Amazon EC2 Cloud Instances on Amazon Web Services (Linux/ Ubuntu) and configuring launched instances with respect to specific applications/microservices.
●Creating NAT and Proxy instances in AWS and managing route tables, EIP's and NACLs. Configuring Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) with networking of subnets containing servers.
●Managing On-Premises DB Servers and Handling production deployments.
●Create and maintain highly scalable and fault tolerant multi-tier AWS and Azure environments spanning across multiple availability zones using Terraform and CloudFormation.
●Create develop and test environments of different applications by provisioning Kubernetes clusters on AWS using Docker, Ansible, and Terraform.
●Write terraform scripts from scratch for building Dev, Staging, and Prod environments.
●Worked on creating the cloud formation templates to automate the AWS infrastructure.
●Implemented delivery pipeline with Docker and Kubernetes.
●Developed and deployed new automation solutions using AWS Lambda and Python.
●Used Ansible and Ansible Tower as Configuration management tool, to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploys critical applications, and proactively manages change.
●Worked on a variety of Linux platforms (Ubuntu, Red hat) which includes installation, configuring and maintenance of applications on this environment.

Key Achievements
●Successfully decomposed a monolithic serverless application into multiple microservices across various repositories, enhancing modularity and ease of maintenance.
●Engineered a Kubernetes cluster from scratch, seamlessly migrating all applications from the outdated cluster to the newly established environment, ensuring a smooth transition with zero downtime.
Client: State Farm, Bloomington, Illinois Nov 2017 - June 2019 AWS/DevOps Engineer

●Worked in container-based technologies like Docker, Kubernetes and OpenShift.
●Working with OpenShift for creating new Projects, Services for load balancing and adding them to Routes to be accessible from outside, troubleshooting pods through SSH and logs, modification of Build configs, templates, Image streams, etc.
●The deployment model uses Atlassian development repository tools, Jenkins as the build engine, while execution deployments to container orchestration tools range over time from OpenShift on EC2, AWS.
●Working on implementing new OCR solution, Spring Boot, OpenShift, Microservices. Member of group developing containerized applications, Docker, Spring Boot, Kubernetes, OpenShift. Deployed Microservices to PCF and later migrated to OpenShift.
●Developing Docker images to support Development and Testing Teams and their pipelines, distributed Jenkins, Selenium and JMeter images, and Elasticsearch, Kibana and Logstash (ELK & EFK) etc.
●Create and use automation (CloudFormation) for VPCs, ACLs, Subnets, Route Tables, and Internet/NAT Gateways.
●Monitoring and alerting of servers (EC2), software, and storage (S3 buckets) using AWS Cloud Watch and New Relic.
●Used CloudFormation and Ansible to manage IAM and create new accounts (with MFA), roles and groups. Managing IAM accounts (with MFA) and IAM policies to meet security audit & compliance requirements.
●Experienced with event-driven and scheduled AWS Lambda functions to trigger various AWS resources and worked on Lambda, for triggering events with cloud watch using Lambda functions.
●Used Docker for virtualization, run, ship, and deploy applications securely decreasing time to delivery.
●Improve stability of MongoDB through automation as well as advanced troubleshooting of Mongo Atlas/Cloud Manager.
●Experienced in developing Ansible roles and Ansible Playbooks for the server configuration and Deployment activities.
●Wrote Ansible playbooks to manage configurations and automate installation processes.
●Used Git, and Ansible to drive CI/CD pipelines and improve repeatable build processes.
●Expertise on Networking, Route tables, ELB, Security Groups, NACLs, NAT, firewall, VPC peering, VPN connections.
●Developed automation and deployment utilities using Ansible, Python and Bash.
●Experienced with event-driven and scheduled AWS Lambda functions to trigger various AWS resources and worked on Lambda, for triggering events with cloud watch using Lambda functions.
●Designed, Installed, and Implemented Ansible configuration management system. Used Ansible Vault in playbooks to protect sensitive data.
Key Achievements
●Migrated the main enterprise application from AWS EC2 instances with Elastic Load Balancers to AWS Beanstalk for faster deployment and scaling of web applications and services developed with Java, PHP, Node.js, Python, and Docker on familiar servers such as Apache, NGINX.
●Configured new virtual data centers for new customers in the AWS Cloud to support Enterprise data warehouse hosting including Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), Public and Private Subnets, Security Groups, Route Table, Elastic Load Balancer. Became a key resource in new customer onboarding.

Client: Miracle Software Systems INC, Atlanta, GA July 2016 – Sep 2017 DevOps Specialist Contractor

Provided a direct impact to customers as a consultant through a specialist level of skill with Cloud (AWS) technologies to increase the speed of technology adoption and reduce ramp up costs when entering innovative technologies.
●Design and implement scalable enterprise monitoring systems by applying continuous integration/delivery concepts.
●Perform maintenance and troubleshooting of our enterprise Red Hat OpenShift systems • Work to continuously improve speed, efficiency, and scalability of OpenShift systems.
●Used Git for source code version control and integrated with Jenkins for CI/CD pipeline, code quality tracking and user management with build tools Maven and Ant.
●Implemented Ansible to manage all existing servers and automate the build/configuration of new servers.
●Designed and deployed Cloud technologies such as, EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, ELB, ASGs, VPC, CloudFormation, Route53.
●Drove build and deployment of applications on AWS for High Availability.
●Implemented Elastic Beanstalk to automatically deploy and scale applications including containers and databases. Designed capacity provisioning, load balancing, scaling, and application health monitoring using Elastic Beanstalk.
●Created snapshots and amazon machine images (AMIs) of the instances for backup and creating clone instances.
●Create and manage S3 buckets, enabled logging in S3 bucket, Glacier lifecycles, and versioning in S3 for disaster recovery.
●Utilized New Relic, Pingdom, and Sumo Logic for application monitoring and log management reducing outages.
●Resolved tickets from CloudWatch Alarms, Pingdom alerts, PagerDuty calls on a 24/7 on-call escalation Rota.
●Develop and maintain training materials and server documentation for use by and up-skilling of customer teams.

Customer: Whole Foods Market, Austin, TX
Drove Cloud adoption within the high-end supermarket Whole Foods Market developing technology solutions used with over 450 stores nationwide. Provided a decreased mean time to recovery through monitoring tools (Sumo logic, New Relic) and self-healing Cloud based technologies (ELB, RDS, etc.).
●Created and configure jobs, script builder, custom command builder, agents in Bamboo and Supported DEV, Staging & QA environments on setting all the bamboo jobs for Continuous Integration.
●Experience in AWS Cloud platform including EC2, VPC, ELB, AMI, SNS, RDS, EBS, CloudWatch, IAM, Route53 DNS.
●Build servers using AWS, importing volumes, launching EC2, RDS, creating security groups, auto scaling, load balancers (ELBs) in the defined virtual private connection.
●Integration with Status Page for publishing the information about the Services for external customers.
●Used Python for writing API Scripts to automate applications & developed Ansible plugins for network configuration.

Key Achievements
●Worked with developers to define Agile processes and tools, such as source control (branching, structure, and dependency management), Linux server build infrastructure, code review, and check-in policies. These became instrumental to the DevOps teams across projects.
●Refactored all applications for high availability using Iron.io, and improved logic flows.
●Developed microservice onboarding tools leveraging Python and Jenkins allowing for easy creation and maintenance of build jobs and Kubernetes deploy and services.

Customer: Pegasus, Dallas, TX
Spearheaded technology adoption of Cloud and AWS at Pegasus in Dallas. Worked to reduce exposure to system failure through self-healing Cloud systems and multiple network spanning Cloud technologies such as multi-AZ and Route53 in AWS.
●Created AMIs (pre-configured) to incorporate the developer's environment and application stack and configuring launched instances with respect to specific applications.
●Design roles and groups for users and resources using AWS Identity Access Management (IAM) and also managed network security using Security Groups, and IAM.
●Documented all build and release process related items. Level one supports all the build and deploy issues encountered during the build process.
●Performed and deployed Builds for various Environments like QA, DEV, UAT, TEST, SIT and Production Environments
●Experience in deploying JAVA projects using MAVEN/ANT and JENKINS
●Used AWS Data Pipeline to move data between instances stored in AWS EC2 instances and computer instances.
●Used CloudFront CDN to deliver content from AWS edge locations to users, improving performance of front-end servers.
● User account management and administration, Troubleshooting User's login and home directory related issues, reset password and unlock user accounts.
●Installed, Configured, and maintained Red Hat Linux/CentOS, and AIX servers.
●Defined and maintained disaster recovery plans.
●Creating, cloning Linux Virtual Machines, templates using VMware Virtual Client.

Client: UNION BANK, India Jan 2016 - June 2016 Linux Administrator/Cloud Engineer

●Experience in creating User/Group Accounts and attaching policies to User/Group Accounts using AWS IAM service.
●Performed UNIX System Administration. Fine tuning, Kernel debugging, process scheduling, disk and file system I/O, kernel internals, TCP/IP communications.
●Implemented crontabs, shell scripts for automatic jobs.
●Installed/Configured/Managed Jenkins CI Automation. Implemented master-slave architecture using Jenkins.
●Extensive exposure to Configuration Management policies and practices with regards to SDLC, along with automation of scripting using BASH/Shell scripting.
●configuring and implementing New Relic and Sumo Logic monitoring software.
●Build Results are managed in Jenkins and deployed, Continuous Integration, faster and flawless deployments using workflows in Jenkins.
●Worked on Maven to create artifacts from source code and deploy them in Nexus central repository for deployments.
●Migrated the current Linux environment to AWS/RHEL Linux environment and used auto scaling feature and Involved in Remediation and patching of Unix/Linux Servers.3
● Administered user accounts. Monitor the file systems and CPU load for better performance. Detect and correct the file system errors.
●RPM and YUM package installations, patch, and another server management.
●Configuration, management, monitoring, maintenance and troubleshooting of all RedHat & CentOS LINUX servers.
●Creating and Managing Users / Group accounts and setting up a user's work environment.
●Documented various regular administrative tasks and backup procedures.
Contact this candidate