ARTHUR COLMAN
* ********* **** · Medway, Massachusetts 02053
617-***-**** ad7nyc@r.postjobfree.com

DevOps Engineer – Business Analyst

Expert DevOps Engineer and Business Analyst with more than 20 years of experience in successfully leading advanced technology projects through all stages of the lifecycle, producing practical solutions to leading-edge projects. Determine business requirements and architect solutions using proven strategies and best practices to meet and exceed expectations. Deliver superior project outcomes through coordination between management, business units, and technical professionals. Unify and lead cross-functional teams at locations around the globe. Extensive experience with Terraform,Azure ARM & Bicep, and GitHub.

Core Competencies
Terraform Azure Resource Manager Bicep GitHub GitHub Actions
Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment Bash PowerShell
Business Analysis · Specification Development · UI Design
ERP · Financials · Azure DevOps

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

NATIONAL GRID, Waltham, Massachusetts · 2020-2024
Leading Electricity and Natural Gas utility.

DevOps Engineer – Terraform Initiative
Convert Azure Resource Manager (ARM) developed templates to Terraform and initiate GitHub Actions, Code Review Gated Check-in. (20 Resources)

DevOps Engineer – Azure DevOps (ADO) Initiative
Introduce National Grid to ADO techniques and ARM templates. Architect and implement code framework for resource deployment

W.B. MASON, Brockton, Massachusetts · 2011-2020
Leading Business-to-Business office supply distributor with multiple product lines and distribution points.

Build Manager
Develop and customize build and deployment workflows for W.B. Mason’s 30+ application platforms. Use Powershell to extend and adjust workflow capabilities. Integrate workflow events with the Scrum iterations to enhance status updating. Deploy to Production environment website and back-office updates on a weekly basis. Provision Azure environments using specialized resource templates.

.Net and Dynamics AX Programmer
Bug resolution and new platform development using .Net, Azure, and Dynamics AX/365 technologies. Coding work in Inventory, Invoicing, and eCommerce front-end.

ARTHUR COLMAN · Page 2 · ad7nyc@r.postjobfree.com

DRYBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, Medway, Massachusetts · 2001-2011
Entrepreneurial firm providing technical consulting, products, and services for businesses in a various industries.

Owner
Coordinate all aspects of business startup and administration. Define and execute revenue goals. Formulate business plans based on market, customer, and competitor research. Establish project budgets, schedules, and benchmarks. Grow new business through strategic prospecting, networking, and executive presentations. Used Microsoft VB.Net and SQL to develop web and windows applications for XML specification development and content management. Cultivate enduring relationships with key clients, stakeholders, and third parties. Design innovative technological solutions for both business-to-business and business-to-user communications.

IDEALLIANCE, Alexandria, Virginia · 1999-2008
Provider of information technology (IT) services and specializing in XML innovation.

Long-Tem Contract — papiNet Technical Director
Coordinated projects dedicated to the formulation of XML standards for the publishing, printing, and paper industries. Standardized processes across diverse business segments, from publishing to paper mills. Reconciled the business models of individual companies with overall industry objectives and specifications. Defined industry operating policies for locations across North America and Europe. Partnered with representatives from 50 facilities to outline, centralize, and implement company and industry objectives. Conducted extensive market, client, and technological research to develop innovative product and service solutions, expanding corporation’s technological capacities and offerings. Evaluated and reported on implementation progress.

CANOPY INTERNATIONAL, Boston, Massachusetts · 1996-2001
Technologies firm dedicated to business-to-business (B2B) sales and enterprise application integration (EAI), specializing in the development of reusable components.

Principal Consultant
Directed account acquisition, retention, and growth. Identified business opportunities and devised targeted marketing strategies based on client needs assessment. Developed innovative business and service solutions, managed project development, and verified outcome quality to drive optimal client satisfaction. Formulated highly effective professional enrichment strategies to ensure workforce excellence. Deployed advanced middle-ware technologies to coordinate component procurement, distribution, implementation, and sales among parties at all stages of the supply chain. Managed 3 consultants in the creation of internet trading environment using C#.

MARCAM CORPORATION, Boston, Massachusetts · 1988-1996
Distributor of software solutions to facilitate manufacturing processes for various industries.

Managing Consultant
Devised and directed implementation processes for Marcam manufacturing, procurement, and asset management software. Supervised implementation consultants across multiple sites. Defined and administered project strategies, established schedules and benchmarks, and coordinated budgets. Spearheaded project development through all stages of the lifecycle, from concept to completion. Oversaw consultant training. Conducted performance evaluations and executed professional enrichment and remediation protocols. Documented program outcomes, software testing, and progress status. Provide outstanding support and troubleshooting for software packages.

ARTHUR COLMAN · Page 3 · ad7nyc@r.postjobfree.com

Additional Experience (details on request):
PEI-GENESIS — Director of Management Information Systems
Coordinated integrated MIS system for various departments, including accounting and inventory control, at multiple sites across the organization.

CARTEX CORPORATION — Data Processing Supervisor
Orchestrated requirements analysis and systems selection and implementation. Managed integrated manufacturing, distribution, and accounting system.

XEROX COMPUTER SERVICES — Consultant
Spearheaded effective implementation of Xerox Manufacturing System. Provided support for system dedicated to advanced financial and payroll applications.

EDUCATION & DEVELOPMENT

Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, Ohio
Bachelor of Arts in Biology

CPIM, American Production and Inventory Control Society

ARTHUR COLMAN · Page 4 · ad7nyc@r.postjobfree.com

TECHNICAL SKILLS INVENTORY

XML Technologies
Expert in XML and the related technologies including XPATH, XSLT, XFORMS, XHTML, XMLDSig, and XML Encryption. Provided technical guidance to industry organizations into best practices, migration from DTDs to XSD, and namespace application.

Message Service and Internet Browser Technologies
Superlative knowledge of SOAP, SOAP/ebXML, Web Service architecture operations in a synchronous and asynchronous environment. Expertise in state management and user interface design for delivery of SaaS solutions. AS1 and AS2 have been investigated and critically analyzed.

Databases
Microsoft SQL, Microsoft Access, Microsoft SQL Compact Edition. Microsoft T-SQL, ADO.Net

Microsoft Office and OfficeOpenXML Integration
Delivery of robust content management and graphic solutions using Microsoft Office products (Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint). Information derived from XML document structure and SQL databases.

Languages and Environments
Fluent in VB.Net and experienced with C#.Net. Adept at architecting multi-tier applications with practical experience in distributed environment frameworks.
·Extensive Microsoft .Net Framework 2.0 and 3.5 experience.
·Winforms, ASP.Net, ADO.Net, and LINQ development using VB.Net.
·ASP.Net MVC and ASP.Net Dynamic Data expertise.
·Considerable use of JavaScript and AJAX techniques.
·Primary development environment is Visual Studio.

Development Style
Primary approach is Rapid Application Development (RAD) using multiple prototypes to involve the users in the solutions delivery process. Well grounded in SDLC methodologies for on-going maintenance of the system. Considerable use of UML as an architectural tool and as a means of creating the boilerplate for new systems via code generation. Test driven design using Microsoft technologies and open-source projects.

Information Standards
Expert knowledge of UBL, OAGIs, RosettaNet, HL7, xCBL, cXML, VICS, and other more esoteric niche business document communication standards.

Miscellaneous
Provided key expertise for industry organization adoption of RFID. Responsible for the adoption of IANA private enterprise number (PEN) by the global printing, publishing, and paper industry.
Contact this candidate