Name: Abdul Syed
Gmail:ad7o7z@r.postjobfree.com
Phone:+1-510-***-****

Professional Summary:
Around 7+ years of experience in DevOps, Aws, Cloud Engineer including Java, Software Configuration, Build and Release management involving extensive work towards code compilation, packaging, building, debugging, automating, managing, tuning and deploying code across multiple environments and Linux Administration.
Expertise in using AWS including EC2, Auto-Scaling, Elastic IP's, ELB, Kinesis, Elastic Beanstalk, S3, Cloud Front, Cloud Formation, RDS, RedShift, Amazon Dynamo DB, VPC, Route53, SNS, SQS and, also, migration from on premises network to AWS cloud.
Working as Sr. Aws DevOps engineer/Azure/Build and release implementing applications using RTC, Make files, Python, Maven Perl, Jenkins, GIT, TFS, CAN messages, Docker and Batch Files to achieve continuous integration and continuous Deployment.
Good Experience in Configuration and Build/Release Management Maven, Chef, Puppet, Jenkins, Ansible, Terraform, Docker, Kubernetes, TFS, OpenStack, Ant, Octopus, GIT, CVS, SVN.
Good Experience in installing and administrating CI tools like GIT, Hudson/Jenkins, Sonar, SubVersion, Fisheye and Nexus.
Experience in developing REST web services and Go based Rest clients for consuming the rest services in GoLang.
Experience in AWS Resources such as EC2, S3, VPC, EBS, dynamo DB(DDB), Code Build, Code Deploy, Code Commit, Elastic Beanstalk, AMI,SNS, RDS, Cloud Watch, Route53, SQS,IOT, Cloud Front(CDN),Auto scaling, Security Groups, and Cloud Formation.
Expertise of cloud offerings in the marketing and ability to discuss cloud architectures, familiarity/Strength with AWS and related AWS services.
Experience installing and developing on ELK.
Expertise in working with Aws environment, Linux servers for running business applications, Configuration Management Tools, Build, Deploy, Release Management and other tools.
Experience on integration of Code Quality Analysis Techniques like Checkstyles, FindBugs, PMD, Cobertura with CI tools like Hudson/Jenkins.
Good Experience in automated deployment tool RTC, GIT, OpenShift, Docker, Ansible, TFS, cookbooks and Kubernetes.
Experience in configuring Azure web apps, Azure App services, Azure Application insights, Azure Application gateway, Azure DNS, Azure Traffic manager, App services, Analyzing Azure Networks with Azure Network Watcher, Implementing Azure Site Recovery, Azure stack, Azure Backup and Azure Automation.
Experience with different components of iPaaS solution Azure provides, Service Bus, Functions and Logic Apps to use connectors and create workflows.
Good Experience of the principles and best practices of Software Configuration Management (SCM) in Agile, scrum, and Waterfall methodologies.
Experience in and demonstrated understanding of source control management concepts such as Branching, Merging, Labeling/Tagging and Integration.
Experience in Gradle Build tool and understanding the art factory and repo structure
Experience in using Build Automation scripting like, OpenShift, ANT, Bash, Chef, rundeck, Puppet, Azure and UNIX.
Having Good knowledge of IaaS/PaaS technologies and cloud computing platforms (Preferably with Openstack/VMWare/Openshift/AWS)
Good Knowledge in Make files, Bash, Perl, Groovy and Python scripting.
Around 3 years of experience on Python Scripting in various projects for automating tasks.
Created and wrote shell scripts (Bash), Ruby, Python and PowerShell for automating tasks.
Good Experience in working with Oracle Weblogic, Apache Tomcat application servers.
Experience in maintaining and executing build scripts to automate development and production builds.
Expertise in building continuous delivery environments using Jenkins, GIT/GitHub and Collaboration tools, AWS Cloud formation and Puppet.
Good knowledge of implementing business rules using SOA 11g, Java and Jbos Fuse.
Expertise in writing and executing Unit test cases.
Worked on performance tuning and code optimization.

Technical Skills:

Cloud Technologies:
AWS EC2, IAM, AMI, Elastic Load Balancer (EBL), DynamoDB, S3, SNS, Cloud formation, Route53, VPC, VPN, Security groups, Cloud watch, EBS, Athena, EWR
Operating System:
Linux, Unix, Ubuntu, Centos, Windows
Scripting:
Python, Bash.
CI-Automation/Build Tools:
GIT, Maven, Ant, Jenkins, Bamboo, Nexus, Artifactory, Docker, Ansible.
Application Servers:
Apache Tomcat, WebLogic, WebSphere
Web Server:
Apache, Nginx
Containerization Tools:
Docker, Kubernetes
Cloud Computing:
AWS, GCP, Azure
Configuration Management
Ansible, Puppet

Professional Experience
Dell, Round Rock, TX
Jan’ 2022 - Till Date
Role : Sr. AWS DevOps Engineer/ Site Reliability Engineer
Responsibilities:
Coordinated with the Development, QA, and IT Operations teams to ensure there are no resource conflicts.
Installed/Configured/Managed Jenkins CI Automation.
Installed/Configured and Managed Nexus and Artifactory Repository Manager.
Analyze and resolve conflicts related to merging of source code for GIT.
Experience in support instances running Fedora, Debian, Ubuntu, Centos and RedHat Linux.
Application Deployment and Data migration on AWS Redshift.
Used GOLang to handle concurrent web request.
Involved in migration of Bamboo server, Artifactory & GIT server.
Created 2 Git repositories in Atlassian Stash named by-jenkins (our cookbook), omnibus (our deploy gem RPM builder). Worked with Deploy gem Git repo in Stash.
Worked on using a Git branching strategy that included develops branches, feature branches, staging branches and master. Pull requests and code reviews were performed.
Developed build and deployment scripts using ANT and MAVEN as build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to other environments.
Python programming for Redshift system to automatically terminate long idle sessions, automatic reply email alert for long running queries.
Experience in supporting RedHat Cluster and Oracle RAC environment running Oracle databases in High Availability.
Developed Golang based web services on AWS and Google App Engine
Worked on AIX to Linux migration from IBM AIX 6.1 to Rhel 6.6.
Creating metadb, soft partitions, and RAID levels using sun Solaris Volume Manager.
Act as a liaison for higher levels of technical support and manage technical escalation.
Check server resiliency by performing stress test on the machines.
Install & configure Apache Web server, Tomcat, Weblogic Application servers to meet the business user’s needs and requirements.
Worked with RDBMS (MySQL), NoSQL (MongoDB), Django, Apache httpd.
Experience in performance tuning and query optimization in AWS Redshift.
Installed, configured and supported Jboss app server 4.x.
Worked on installing, configuring and deploying Openstack solutions. Worked on AIX to redhat migration.
Made use of GOLang java web framework for visual design and code generation and Developed Protractor test classes for end to end testing in Front end.
Mass Build of Linux OS servers using Kick start /jumpstart automation application.
Worked on nagios Dashboard with creating custom alerts and plugins with Nagios.
Worked on creating plugins to monitor application file systems.
Worked on puppet to create manifests and Modules to automate deployments and install rpm’s.
Worked on AWS Code deploy, AWS lambda, AWS RDS
Worked on migrating Vmware to EC2 instances
Worked on AWS VPC, AMI and IAM roles.
Worked on installing, configuring and deploying Openstack solutions.
Worked on creating and maintaining of ZFS file systems.
Using Clover migrated data to AWS redshift.
Experienced in providing day-to-day user administration like adding/deleting users in local and global groups on Red Hat Linux platform and managing user's queries
Initialized Solaris 10/11 using jumpstart, Red Hat using kickstart with TPM (Tivoli Provisioning Manager), and configuration management with puppet and chef.
Creating, cloning Linux Virtual Machines, templates using VMware Virtual Client 5.5 and migrating servers between ESX hosts.
Installed Patches/Packages on Solaris Servers and RPM packages on Linux Servers.
Responsible for Designing SAN architecture, monitoring SAN disk.
Used LVM for creating Volume Groups, Logical volumes, and disk mirroring, fixed the problem of Stale and partially mirrored Logical volumes.
Used vCloud Automation center for triggering new build.
Implementation and administration of VMware ESXI 5.x, 6.0vCenter for running Red hat Linux, Servers on Production and Development.
Collaborated with development team to troubleshot and resolve issues.
Documented project's software release management procedures with input decisions.
Automation of daily tasks using Shell and Perl scripts.
Deployed the static content to apache web servers and applications to Tomcat Application server.
Used JIRA as a Change Management/ Work Management/ SCRUM Agile Tool.
Build, configured and support Application team environments.
Experience with web sphere deployment
Experience in using GIT and Rational Linux Clear case on UNIX and Windows environment.
Experience with tools like Maven, Ant, Cruise control, Bamboo.
Established processes and tools to maintain code base integrity, including check-in validation rules and branch/merge processes.
Developed a PaaS and SaaS for our staging, production environments.
Reviewed OpenShift Paas product architecture and suggested improvement features after conducting research on competitors products.
Conducted detailed research on Mesos-Marathon and Kubernetes for container orchestration.
Streamlined installation of OpenShift on partner cloud infrastructure such as AWS and Azure.
Developed cookbooks to automate most of the complex msi installers and executable installers.
Implemented the Chef cookbook SSSD to automate the integration process between RHEL and Windows AD using Kerberos key tab file.
Experience in System Administration, System Builds, Server builds, Installs, Upgrades, Patches, Troubleshooting, Security, Backup, Disaster Recovery, Performance Monitoring and Fine-tuning on UNIX Red Hat Linux Systems.
Implemented the Chef Software setup and configuration on VM’s from the scratch and deployed the run-list into chef-server and bootstrap the chef clients remotely.
Customized changes in Chef Data Bags, Roles and Recipes.
Involved in searching node attributes using Knife.
Deploying the cookbooks, recipes using knife tool from Chef-DK Workstation to Chef-server.
Wrote Chef Cookbooks to bring up Jenkins continuous integration server (fork of Oracle Hudson). Leveraged the community Jenkins cookbook and applied customizations.
Created Jenkins Workflows for pre deployment process (DB execution, Environment configuration changes etc.) on both QA and preproduction Environments
Worked with GIT and Subversion to manage source code
Troubleshooting Linux network, security related issues, capturing packets using tools such as IP tables, firewall.
Built a VPC, established the site-to-site VPN connection between Data Center & AWS.
Automated the local dev environment using Vagrant/chef-solo.
Automated the cloud deployments using chef, python (boto& fabric) and AWS Cloud Formation Templates.
Focused on automation and continuous integration. Automated local development environment using chef.
Worked on troubleshooting issues with openstack.
Experience with configuring and working on docker.
Created Docker containers for deploying the services on top of physical machine using chef.
Created the Docker Images, and pulling the Images using Nginx.
Startup and shutdown scripts, crontabs, file system maintenance and backup scripting and automation using shell scripting (BASH, KSH) and Perl.
Worked on package and patching management and debugging in all flavors.
Expertise in system and network monitoring tools Nagios and eHealth.
Documented project's software release management procedures with input decisions.
Automation of daily tasks using Shell and Perl scripts.
Deployed the static content to apache web servers and applications to Tomcat Application server.
Used JIRA as a Change Management/ Work Management/ SCRUM Agile Tool.
Build, configured and support Application team environments.
Experience with web sphere deployment
Experience in using GIT and Rational Linux Clear case on UNIX and Windows environment.
Experience with tools like Maven, Ant, Cruise control, Bamboo.
Established processes and tools to maintain code base integrity, including check-in validation rules and branch/merge processes.
Developed a PaaS and SaaS for our staging, production environments.
Reviewed OpenShift Paas product architecture and suggested improvement features after conducting research on competitors products.
Conducted detailed research on Mesos-Marathon and Kubernetes for container orchestration.
Streamlined installation of OpenShift on partner cloud infrastructure such as AWS and Azure.
Developed cookbooks to automate most of the complex msi installers and executable installers.
Implemented the Chef cookbook SSSD to automate the integration process between RHEL and Windows AD using Kerberos key tab file.
Experience in System Administration, System Builds, Server builds, Installs, Upgrades, Patches, Troubleshooting, Security, Backup, Disaster Recovery, Performance Monitoring and Fine-tuning on UNIX Red Hat Linux Systems.
Implemented the Chef Software setup and configuration on VM’s from the scratch and deployed the run-list into chef-server and bootstrap the chef clients remotely.
Customized changes in Chef Data Bags, Roles and Recipes.
Involved in searching node attributes using Knife.
Deploying the cookbooks, recipes using knife tool from Chef-DK Workstation to Chef-server.
Wrote Chef Cookbooks to bring up Jenkins continuous integration server (fork of Oracle Hudson). Leveraged the community Jenkins cookbook and applied customizations.
Created Jenkins Workflows for pre deployment process (DB execution, Environment configuration changes etc.) on both QA and preproduction Environments
Worked with GIT and Subversion to manage source code
Troubleshooting Linux network, security related issues, capturing packets using tools such as IP tables, firewall.
Built a VPC, established the site-to-site VPN connection between Data Center & AWS.
Automated the local dev environment using Vagrant/chef-solo.
Automated the cloud deployments using chef, python (boto& fabric) and AWS Cloud Formation Templates.
Focused on automation and continuous integration. Automated local development environment using chef.
Worked on troubleshooting issues with openstack.
Experience with configuring and working on docker.
Created Docker containers for deploying the services on top of physical machine using chef.
Created the Docker Images, and pulling the Images using Nginx.
Startup and shutdown scripts, crontabs, file system maintenance and backup scripting and automation using shell scripting (BASH, KSH) and Perl.
Worked on package and patching management and debugging in all flavors.
Expertise in system and network monitoring tools Nagios and eHealth.
Environment:
Jenkins, Python, Chef, JIRA, JUnit, GoLang, Redhat, Linux, JMock, Maven, Redshift, Artifactory, Git, Ubuntu, CentOS, AWS ELB, AWS SQS, AWS S3, AWS Cloud Formation Templates, AWS RDS, AWS Cloud Watch, Ruby, Chef-solo, Chef-DK, Chef workstation, Chef Server, Cookbooks, Nagios, Tomcat, Apache web server, DB server, Nginx, Jira, Red Hat Linux, Docker.

Walmart labs, St, Bentonville, AR
Mar, 2020 to Dec’ 2021
Role: Sr. AWS DevOps Engineer / Site Reliability Engineer
Worked on multiple DevOps and Cloud tools that achieve KPIs. Coordinating with implementation team, to build and engineer services for Linux and Windows OS on cloud platforms. Provisioned Instances, Storages & monitoring Services and CI/CD pipeline through Jenkins.
Worked with automation of OS builds and application installations through Chef, Nagios for application and hardware resource monitoring, worked with plug-ins in Nagios for monitoring resources.
Managed AWS infrastructure and automation with CLI and API. Working on Inbound and Outbound services with automation of Chef. Deployed multiple resources simultaneously, using CloudFormation templates in AWS.
Handled migration of on-premises applications to the cloud and created resources in the cloud to enable this.
Involved in designing and deploying multitude applications utilizing almost all AWS stack (Including EC2, S3, AMI, Route53, RDS, SNS, SQS, IAM) focusing on high-availability, fault tolerance, and Auto-Scaling in AWS CloudFormation.
Launched and configured of Amazon EC2 Cloud Servers using AMI's.
Configured an AWS Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), NACL, and Database Subnet Group for isolation of resources within the Amazon RDS and Aurora DB clusters.
Understanding of Snowflake cloud technology.
Experience with Snowflake cloud data warehouse and AWS S3 bucket for integrating data from multiple source system which include loading nested JSON formatted data into snowflake table.
Designed AWS CloudFormation templates to create custom sized VPC, Subnets, NAT to ensure successful deployment of Web applications and database templates.
Used CloudFront to deliver content from AWS edge locations to users, allowing for further reduction of load on front-end servers.
Created functions in Lambda that aggregates the data from incoming events, then stored result data in Amazon Dynamo DB and S3.
Used AWS Beanstalk for deploying and scaling web applications and services developed with Java, PHP, and Node.js on familiar servers such as Apache, and IIS.
Managed network security using Load balancer, AutoScaling, Security Groups and NACL's.
Created scripts in Python, which integrated with Amazon API to control instance operations.
Deployed and configured Elastic search, Log stash and Kibana (ELK) for log analytics, full text search, application monitoring in integration with AWS Lambda and CloudWatch.
Managed the POC of implementing RedHat OpenShift Platform to manage the deployments.
Deployed the Docker images on to OpenShift platform for DEV and TEST environments which enables continues deployment.
Managed different infrastructure resources, like physical machines, VMs and even Docker containers using Terraform.
Implemented Terraform modules for deployment of various applications across multiple cloud providers and managing infrastructure.
Used Terraform for automating ELBs, Security Groups, SQS Queues, S3 Buckets, and continuing to replace the rest of our infrastructure.
Efficiently Deployed REST API's that were built on top of Drop Wizard.
Expertise in Using Elastic search as an open source search engine with REST API building servers.
Configured and maintained Jenkins to implement the CI process.
Configured GIT, build scripts using ANT and MAVEN build tools with Jenkins and schedule jobs using POLL SCM option and integrated to automate the code checkout process.
Built Jenkins jobs to create AWS infrastructure from SCM repos containing Terraform code.
Used Jenkins 2.0 and pipelines, which helped us, drive all Micro services builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes.
Built additional Docker Slave nodes for Jenkins using custom built Docker images and instances.
Focused on containerization and immutable infrastructure. Docker has been core to this experience, along with Mesos, Marathon and Kubernetes.
Created Docker images using a Dockerfile, worked on Docker container snapshots, removing images and managing Docker volumes.
Implemented Kubernetes to manage Containerized applications using Nodes, Services and deployed application Containers as PODS.
Constraining PODS to Nodes by using Label Selectors and Organizing Kubernetes Cluster Access using KubeConfig File.
Utilized Configuration Management Tool Chef and also created and managed Chef Cookbooks using recipes to automate system operations.
Highly involved in Configuring, monitoring and multi-platform servers by defining Chef Server from workstation to manage and configure Chef Nodes.
Implemented environments, roles, and data bags in Chef for better environment management.
Written Chef Cookbooks and recipes in Ruby to Provision several pre-prod environments consisting of Cassandra DB installations, WebLogic domain creations and several proprietary middleware installations.
Implemented CI process for Chef Cookbooks development workflow with help of Test Kitchen, Foodcrtitic, Robocop and Chef Spec.
Implemented behavior-driven tests for Chef-managed infrastructures using Cucumber. Built automated deployment systems in Go and Node.js
Used Ansible for deployment configuration automation on production servers.
Created Ansible playbooks, which are the entry point for Ansible provisioning, where the automation defined through tasks using YAML format and run Ansible Scripts to depending on provision to servers.
Ansible Vault come handy where overcome and deploying secret files (SSH private keys).
Created Custom Ansible modules for finding facts about CloudWatch alarms and taking actions to pause/unpause those alarms during deployments.
Managed a PaaS for deployments using Docker, Ansible and Mesos, which reduced considerably deployment risks.
Set up and maintained Logging and Monitoring subsystems using tools loke, Elasticsearch, Fluentd, Kibana, Prometheus, Grafana and Alertmanager.
Established infrastructure and service monitoring using Prometheus and Grafana.
Used Zabbix as monitoring tool and used zabbix plugin for Grafana for analysis & visualization.
Analyse time series metric logs for upstream and downstream traffic in Prometheus/Kafka and Grafana Dashboards
Outstanding preeminence in Data extraction, Data cleaning, Data Loading, Statistical Data Analysis, Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Wrangling, Predictive Modeling using R, Netezza, AWS, Azure, Python and Data visualization using Kibana(ELK stack), Databricks, Grafana, SSRS, Power BI.
Monitoring Live Traffic, logs, Memory utilization, Disk utilization and various other factors which are important for deployment.
Experienced with NOSQL databases Cassandra and Mongo DB.
Installed and administered the various virtualization components like vCenter, vSphere.
Involved in all phases of the Software development life cycle (SDLC) using Agile Methodology.
Worked closely with teams in order to ensure high quality, timely delivery of builds & releases.
Strong ability to troubleshoot issues generated while building, deploying and in production support.
Set-up and maintain fully automated CI/CD pipeline for multiple Java / .NET environments using GIT, Jenkins, Puppet / Chef.
Deployed of monitoring modules to new system components using App Dynamics
Installed Apache Tomcat Application Server, JBoss, WebSphere agents in all major environments and configured them to App Dynamics.
Installed more than 300+ different AppDynamics Agents on various app/web servers along with various machine agent.
Deployed various machine agent extensions like APIGEE, Tipco. Also implemented RUM on all environments.
Monitored and administrated multiple monitoring tools like AppDynamics, Dynatrace, New relic and CA APM.
Configured AppDynamics RUM on Web based and mobile based application.
Utilized AWS Console and AWS CLI for deploying and operating AWS services VPC, EC2, S3, EBS, IAM, ELB, CloudFormation and CloudWatch.
Used Security Groups, NACL's, Internet Gateways, NAT instances and Route Tables to build a secure zone environment for organizations in AWS public cloud.
Extensively involved in infrastructure as code, execution plans, resource graph and change automation using Terraform. Managed AWS infrastructure as code using Terraform.
Expertise in writing new plug-ins to support new functionality in Terraform.
Created scripts in Python, which integrated with Amazon API to control instance operations.
Worked on AutoScaling, CloudWatch (monitoring), AWS Elastic Beanstalk (app deployments), AWS S3 (storage) and AWS EBS (persistent disk storage).
Environment: AWS, ANT, Maven, SVN, GIT, Jenkins, Puppet, Chef, Docker, Python, Ruby, Octopus Deploy, JFrog, Splunk, Perl, BASH, PowerShell, WebLogic, Jira.

Client: HCSC- TEXAS
Oct’ 2018 – Feb’ 2020
Devops Engineer
Responsibilities:
Implemented a CD pipeline involving Jenkins and GIT to complete the automation from commit to deployment.
Used Java programming, related code files, config files and package mechanisms and provided optimal mechanism to build application packages.
Administered the Ansible infrastructure and deployed the SSH keys on Linux, SunOS and Windows servers during server provision and enabled role-based architecture for ansible.
Used Ansible Roles, Registers, Facts, Playbooks, Plays, Custom Modules etc.
Written ansible playbooks to perform the automated installation of dependencies and middleware like Weblogic, Tomcat.
Dynamically created the Docker containers from docker images using ansible and Jenkins.
Used Splunk to automate the incident management to reduce alert fatigue and increase uptime of the infrastructure.
Installation and upgrade of packages and patches, Configuration management, Version Control, Service packs, troubleshooting connectivity issues and reviewing Security constraints.
Installed docker for deploying the micro service-based web applications, managed the docker images and containers.
Used docker hub and Nexus docker register to store the custom docker images.
Managed all the docker containers and heal the applications used Kubernetes.
Experience in writing the docker files for internal applications and built the docker images out of the docker files.
Version controlled the docker files, Ansible playbooks, Python modules and scripts, shell scripts using Bitbucket version control system.
Experience on version control methods like merging the branches, configuring the web hooks in version control system, resolving the merge conflicts, creating the tags, Creating/Deleting the local and remote branches using Git and Git Bash.
Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups.
Installed and Configured the Nexus repository manager for sharing the artifacts within the company.
Environment: Ansible, AWS, Jenkins, Git, Git Bash Python, Ruby, Shell, Batch, Maven, Ant, Docker, Nexus, SonarQube, Jira, Nagios etc.

DevOps/Build & Release Engineer
Idexx Laboratories - Portland, ME
Mar ‘ 2017 – Sep’ 2018
Responsibilities:
Responsible for Build and Deployment of the java applications on different environments like Dev/QA & Production.
Involved in Installing Jenkins on a Linux machine and created a master and slave configuration to implement multiple parallel builds through a build farm.
Used Jenkins, Build forge for Continuous Integration and deployment into Tomcat Application Server.
Installing, configuring and administering Jenkins CI tool on Linux machines.
Application installation and troubleshooting for Solaris, Red Hat Linux and CentOS.
Designing, Administration and troubleshooting database servers like MySQL 5.7, MySQL 5.6, MySQL 5.5
Installed and Configured the Nexus repository manager for sharing the artifacts within the company.
Written/edited Shell Scripts to collect the System Performance Information, account information.
Responsible for designing and deploying best SCM processes and procedures.
Responsible for patching Linux servers.
Worked on upgrading the Splunk Indexers, Search heads and forwarders.
Worked closely with software developers and DevOps to debug software and system problems
Maintained and coordinated environment configuration, controls, code integrity, and code conflict resolution.
Experience to Integrate Release with Jira for Requirements Management, Bamboo/Deploy for Build & Deployment and Service Now for Change Management process via plugins.
Experience in Configure XL Release template to have Pre-Deployment, Deployment and Post-Deployment phases for one application
Wrote puppet modules for the Tomcat/Apache/Splunk forwarder services in our distributed infrastructure.
Administered Linux Servers Linux (Red hat – RHEL 3/4/5) for several functions including managing Apache/Tomcat server, mail server, My Sql database and firewalls in both development and production.
Created monitors, alarms and notifications for EC2 hosts using CloudWatch.
Experience with configuration management and automation tools (Puppet/ Docker)
Experienced in installation and configuration of Web Sphere application server’s V 3.5/4.0/5.x/6.x, IBM HTTP Server on AIX, Solaris and Linux platforms
Implemented the setup for Master slave architecture to improve the Performance of Jenkins
Releasing code to testing regions or staging areas according to the schedule published.
Worked on Cloud automation using AWS Cloud Formation templates
Installation, Maintenance, Administration and troubleshooting of Linux, windows servers
Used Open stack and AWS cloud services to launch Linux and windows machines, created security groups and written basic PowerShell scripts to take backups and mount network shared drives.
Responsible for Installation, Configuration Management, Maintenance and Systems Development of Red Hat Linux, Oracle Enterprise Linux / UNIX Systems.
Designed Puppet Modules to manage configurations and automate installation process.
Implementing a Continuous Delivery framework using Jenkins, Puppet, Maven & Nexus in Linux environment
Management of Red Hat Linux user accounts, groups, directories and file permissions.
Used JIRA custom workflows to track issues and JBoss application server to deploy the application.
Maintained all the Red hat servers
Contact this candidate