A
Adejuwon Adesanya
469-***-****
ad7pse@r.postjobfree.com
Dallas, Tx 75251
Summary
Efficient Cloud Engineer with 5 years of experience assembling cloud infrastructure. Utilizes strong managerial skills by negotiating with vendors and coordinating tasks with other IT team members. Implements best practices to create cloud functions, applications and databases.
Adept at installing network components, adding new lines and configuring components. Set up, troubleshoots and optimizes peripheral devices. Proficient in updating software and hardware to meet performance demands.

Meticulous Cloud/devOps engineer, maintaining highly functional digital systems for uninterrupted workflows and consistent productivity. Oversees routine maintenance checks and software update schedules to reduce network downtime and likelihood of security compromises. Loves collaborating with customers and teammates to develop and implement creative technical solutions to challenging problems.
Skills
AZURE • Amazon Web Services • EC2 • S3 •system administrator. VPC • CloudFormation • Elastic Load Balancer • Auto Scaling • Elastic Beanstalk, CloudFront •
CloudWatch • CloudTrail • SNS • EBS • Lambda • RDS • DynamoDB • CI & CD processes • Elastic File System (EFS) • Route 53 • IAM (best practices) • Certificate Manager (ACM) • CLI • Amazon connect contact center. Bash/Shell Scripting • Python • Microservices (Dockers and Kubernetes) • Mongo DB.
Configuration and Management
●Application Deployment
●System Configuration
●CloudTrail, New Relic and Nagios.
Experience
AWS DevOps Engineer
Westlake, Dallas
Charles Schwab. Jan 2020 to May2024
●Utilize natural language chatbots, Interactive Voice Response (IVR), and automated customer voice authentication (Amazon Connect)
●Prioritize, assign, and track agent tasks to completion, including work in external applications to ensure customer issues are quickly resolved using Amazon Connect
●Amazon contact center (building Amazon connect, Lex, building contact flow, permission for users using Amazon connect)
●Amazon connect architect.
●Build and improve the reliability and performance of cloud applications and cloud infrastructure deployed on Amazon web services
●Create and attach volumes onto EC2 instances and make sure all attached volumes have EBS snapshots initialized
●Create VPCs and attach all applicable components needed to build a fault tolerance and highly available environment
●Apply Auto Scaling and Elastic Load Balancing to create high availability and fault tolerance to EC2 instances
●Install and configure Apache, Nginx, Drupal, and WordPress on Ubuntu and Amazon Linux instances• Run Infrastructure as code using Terraform for various CSP's and CloudFormation scripts to build AWS Infrastructure and resources
●Install and configure Atlassian products (Jira and Confluence) and LAMP application on EC2 instances and perform various software installations
●Launch and configure local and external database servers on EC2 and RDS instances
●Experience working with tools like Git, Jenkins, Ansible and Jira.
●Provision user accounts using IAM in collaboration with enterprise Active Directory.
●Worked with various scripting language like Python and Bash
●Perform full AMI backups for all provisioned instances for critical workloads
●Manage security keys using AWS KMS to manage cryptographic keys to control user access in a wide range of AWS services
●Perform system monitoring using Nagios, CloudWatch and New Relic• Participate in change management on JIRA to help track daily work activities
●Deploy code via GIT and worked with the DevOps team to help push codes to GitHub
●Hands on Experience in NoSQL technology like MongoDB (CRUD Ops, Indexing Replication, Aggregation, various ops manager activity)
●Deployed and managed applications running on a mix of Kubernetes and AWS.
●Automated the deployment of cloud servers using Docker, Kubernetes and AWS with the help of python.
●Led a team in Migrating all applications from ECS to EKS Eliminate data silos with a single storage platform using Azure data lake Optimize costs with tiered storage and policy management. Authenticate data using Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) and role-based access control (RBAC).
AWS Cloud Engineer
Remote
Travelers Insurance Jan 2018 to Dec 2020
●Set up microservices architecture to build applications and implement high availability using Azure Classic deployment and Azure Resource Manager
●Administrating, troubleshooting, tuning, security, backup, recovery, and upgrading of RHEL Linux
●Created build scripts and deployment using Maven, activation via Jenkins for environment-to-environment integration
●Coordinated engineering assignments for multiple simultaneous projects to fulfill prescribed project requirements.
●Provided independent technical reviews of operational procedures and plans to eliminate functional bottlenecks.
●Analyzed data to identify trends in production and maintenance costs and developed strategies to reduce expenses.
●Knowledge of complete software development life cycle (SDLC) with different software development models like Agile, Waterfall models, Scrum Model, JIRA.
●Dealing with Windows Azure IaaS - Virtual Machines, Cloud Services, Resource Groups, Virtual Networks, Express Route, VPN, Load Balancing, Application Gateways, Auto-Scaling, and Traffic Manager.
●Major focus on Configuration, Infrastructure as a code (IAC), SCM, Build/Release Management, and Azure DevOps operations Production and cross-platform environments.
●Experience in deployment automation of all microservices to pull out images from the private Docker registry and deploy to Docker swarm cluster using Ansible.
●Building, deploying, and integrating Java-based web apps in UNIX, including exposure to J2EE/.NET architecture (especially BEA Web Logic, Tomcat, and WebSphere).
●Integrated ant with Shell scripts created in Bash, Shell & Kourne shell to automate the builds for the Java-based applications. Assisted with monitoring AWS services and resources using CloudWatch, CloudTrail, AWS Config, and AWS SNS.
●Implemented automation of infrastructure on the AWS Cloud using CloudFormation templates, deployed LAMP web apps on Amazon Linux instances, provisioned EC2 instance, created S3 buckets with bucket policy, build RDS database, DynamoDB tables, and assess applications for exposure and vulnerabilities with Amazon Inspector.
●IAM administration (created users, groups, roles, policies), build VPC with custom Network Access Control List and Security Groups, site deployment on Elastic Beanstalk, S3 static site hosting, launched EC2 instances using Bootstrap. Deployed scalable and highly available sites using Autoscaling group and Application Load Balancer.
●Engineered Continuous Integration (CI), and Continuous Delivery (CD) using Code Pipeline and Code Deploy.
●Python Scripting and Automation: Regular expressions, website crawling, document parsing.
●Platforms: Windows, Linux and MacOS.
●Using AWS Budgets to set custom budgets for tracking costs and usage of resources in an AWS account. Setting up alerts by email when actual or forecasted cost and usage exceed budgeted threshold.
●Hosted several web applications (e.g., a PHP-MySQL demo app) on Amazon's Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) service to provide secure, resizable compute capacity in the cloud. Also used Amazon's EC2 Auto Scaling to help maintain application availability and to automatically add or remove EC2 instances according to conditions I defined.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Science Mathematics & Computer Science
Olabisi Onabanjo University, Nigeria
Certifications
●AWS Certified Solution Architect (Associates)
●AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
Contact this candidate