AKHILA JANGAM
Texas +1-937-***-**** ad7w6z@r.postjobfree.com Linkedin
SUMMARY
Highly skilled DevOps Engineer and Cloud Specialist with 5+ years of experience designing and managing scalable infrastructure on AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud. Proficient in automating processes using CI/CD tools like Jenkins and GitLab, and scripting with Python and PowerShell. Expertise in configuration management with Ansible and Terraform, containerization with Docker, and orchestration with Kubernetes. Experienced in optimizing performance, reliability, and security through cloud-native services and leveraging monitoring solutions like Prometheus and Dynatrace. SKILLS & INTERESTS
Cloud Platforms : Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, VMWare Scripting : Azure PowerShell, Azure KQL, Azure CLI, AWS CLI Database : SQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Azure SQL Database, PostgreSQL Tools : Git, Microsoft Power BI, Kubernetes, Docker, Terraform, CI/CD, Jenkins, Ansible Monitoring Tools : Prometheus, Grafana, AWS CloudWatch, Dynatrace, Azure Monitor & Log Analytics Operating Systems : Windows, Linux, macOS, Unix, Ubuntu, RedHat Enterprise Programming Languages : C, C++, Python, Shell Scripting, Go WORK EXPERIENCE
University of North Texas Denton, Texas
Site Reliability Engineer Jan 2023 - May 2024
Coordinated the seamless transition of 75 on-premises applications to Azure cloud infrastructure, resulting in a cost savings of $200k annually.
Monitored and analyzed Azure resources using Azure log analytics workspace, Azure alerts, and Power-BI dashboards, resulting in a 15% increase in overall system efficiency. Integrated Grafana and Prometheus to optimize infrastructure observability, resulting in a 50% reduction in response time, enhancing team efficiency and productivity.
Developed tailored security protocols for Windows servers, leading to a 40% decrease in cybersecurity incidents and ensuring data integrity.
Mentored a team of 3 junior developers on Site Reliability Engineering best practices and created new tutorials for onboarding processes to improve team efficiency and knowledge retention. Accenture Solutions Hyd, India
Senior Platform Engineer Mar 2020 - Aug 2022
Utilized Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates, Azure PowerShell, and terraform to automate infrastructure provisioning, resulting in a 40% reduction in deployment time. Streamlined ACI and AKS for container orchestration to manage clusters for high availability and scalability, leading to improved performance of Docker images and streamlined operations. Developed and maintained CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins and GitLab CI to automate testing, building, and deployment processes, increasing deployment speed by 40% and reducing errors. Designed and executed comprehensive disaster recovery solutions utilizing Azure Zonal VM's and ASR, resulting in a 99.9% reduction in downtime and ensuring business continuity. Executed over 1200+ OS upgrades for Windows Server versions 2019, 2016, and 2012 through powershell scripting, leading to a significant decrease in system vulnerabilities by 20%. Managed the deployment of Clustered VM's for critical business applications, ensuring smooth performance and availability with a 99.9% uptime rate.
Accenture Solutions Hyd, India
Cloud Infrastructure Engineer Aug 2019 - Mar 2020
Implemented automated monitoring processes for virtual machines and storage accounts, reducing downtime by 15% and improving overall system reliability.
Integrated ticketing tool IcM/ServiceNow to automatically create tickets for Azure alerts by utilizing performance, events, and security logs from the workspace, resulting in a 30% faster response time and improved SLA adherence. Fabricated automated patching for over 1200+ Azure VMs and on-prem servers using Azure Update Manager, resulting in a 50% decrease in patch deployment time and reducing the risk of security vulnerabilities. Demonstrated expertise in analyzing and resolving Windows server issues, enhancing system performance by 30% through effective troubleshooting techniques.
EDUCATION
University of North Texas Denton, Texas
Master of Science - Computer Science Graduation Date: May 2024 G. Narayanamma Institute of Technology & Science Hyd, India Bachelor of Technology - Electronic and Communication Engineering Graduation Date: Aug 2019 CERTIFICATIONS
Az-900 : Microsoft Azure Fundamentals
Az-104 : Microsoft Azure Administrator
Az-204 : Developing Solutions for Microsoft Azure
Contact this candidate