STEPHANE YENI NOUKIE
DevOps Engineer/Cloud Engineer
Phone: 346-***-**** Warren, MI 48093
Email: ad7wnb@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/stephane-yeni SUMMARY
Highly skilled and motivated DevOps Engineer with 5 years of experience specializing in continuous integration, deployment, automation, and cloud technologies. Proficient in designing and implementing CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Jenkins, and GitLab resulting in significant reductions in deployment time and increased development efficiency. Experienced in managing infrastructure as code using Terraform and Ansible, automating the provisioning and configuration of cloud resources to ensure scalability, reliability, and cost-effectiveness.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Cloud Platforms: AWS: EC2, CloudWatch, IAM, S3
Configuration Management: Ansible
Containerization: Kubernetes
Version Control: Git, GitHub
Monitoring: Splunk
Scripting: Bash
CI/CD: Jenkins
Infrastructure as Code: Terraform
Operating Systems: Linux (Ubuntu, CentOS) Windows server
Collaboration Tools: JIRA, Confluence, Slack
Programming language: python, Java, html
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Cloud Operation /DevOps Engineer Sep.2021 - present At iCare Medical
Role and Responsibilities:
For faster and more reliable software delivery, I established a CI/CD pipeline using Jenkinsfile, Which automated continuous integration tasks from code commits to testing, reduced manual Effort and improved collaboration between development and operations teams for multiple projects, Improving code Quality reducing security vulnerability and defects.
Proficient in the development and management of build, test, artifacts and deployment scripts, Tailored for test, staging and production environments, leveraging build tool like Maven,and Docker builds scripting technologies.
To ensure high availability, improved performance, and secure delivery of web content I hosted secure static websites on AWS, leveraging services such as S3, Cloudfront, AWS Lambda,Amazon EC2, AWS Certificate Manager and more.
For reducing manual effort and improving operational efficiency, maintaining consistent configurations and enabling faster deployment of infrastructure resources, i automated infrastructure provisioning using tools such as Terraform and Ansible.
To improve resource utilization and reduce infrastructure costs, I used containerization such as Docker And managed deployment with kubernetes
I played a vital role in reducing operational costs by 30% improving scalability, and enabling the adoption of cloud-native services and elastic resource provisioning via coordination of the migration of on-premises infrastructure to the cloud.
To streamline infrastructure management tasks, ensure consistency across environment and Reduce human errors.
Collaborated closely with the development team to troubleshoot and resolve technical issues, ensuring seamless build and deployment processes.
Linux System Administrator Engineer Dec.2019 - Sep. 2021 At DR Financial Services
Role and Responsibilities:
Experience with Linux operating systems including installing, configuring and troubleshooting
To achieve high availability and system reliability, managed and maintained Linux servers
(CentOs,Red Hat,Ubuntu, Debian) in various environments. configuring and updating software packages, and patches on Linux servers requested by the Users.
I successfully achieved a 30% reduction in manual effort and a significant increase in operational efficiency by automating routine tasks using bash shell scripting. Experience in setting up an Haproxy, LAMP STACK.
Administered and maintained Linux servers, ensuring optimal performance and security.
Desire, passion and ability of learning, growth and developed troubleshooting passion. Quality Engineer at webasto Feb.2018 - Dec 2019
Role and Responsibilities:
Developing and Implementing QA processes
Ensuring Supplier Quality and Ensuring Customer Satisfaction CERTIFICATION
CKA : Certified Kubernetes Administrator
In process
EDUCATION
GED
Language: Proficient in written and verbal communication in both English and French
Contact this candidate