Victor Anosike
E-mail : ad80ef@r.postjobfree.com Github: https://github.com/AANOSIKE
Phone: 317-***-**** Address: 17000 Bissonnet Street, Richmond, Texas, 77407. Summary
Senior DevOps Engineer with 10+ years of experience facilitating agile application updates, building, scaling, and automating infrastructures. Leveraged expertise in AWS, GCP, Azure, Kubernetes, Terraform, Jenkins, Git, GitHub, AWS, etc., to save employers millions annually and reduce deployment times from hours to minutes. Fluent in coding with Python and scripting with Shell.
Skills
Cloud Providers: Azure, AWS, GCP
Programming Language: Python
Scripting Languages: Bash, PowerShell
Web languages: HTML, CSS
Operating System: Windows, Linux (Ubuntu), Unix (FreeBSD) Networking, Security & Protocols: HTTP. HTTPS, FTP, SSL / TLS, SSH, Port Forwarding, Reverse Proxy, Forward Proxy, Load balancer, Firewall, Caching Server Web Server: IIS, Nginx, Apache
Version Control: Git, GitHub, Bitbucket
Infrastructure as Code: Infrastructure Provisioning (Terraform, Pulumi, Cloud Formation), Configuration Management: (Ansible, Chef, Puppet)
CI/CD Tools: Jenkins, GitLab CI, GitHub Actions, TeamCity Containers: Docker
Container Orchestration: Kubernetes, Docker Swarm
Service Mesh: Istio
Infrastructure Monitoring: Prometheus, Grafana, Datadog Application Monitoring: Jaegar, New Relic
Logs Management: Elastic Stack, Splunk
Database Administration: PostgreSQL, MySQL, RDS
Qualifications
University of Maryland, University College, (MSc Computer Information Systems ) 2021 Edureka Technical Institute in collaboration with Purdue University, Indiana, (Post Graduate Diploma in DevOps Engineering) 2016
University of Ibadan, Oyo State, (BSc Biochemistry - 2nd Class Upper Division) 2014 Hands-On Projects
Led Deployment of a multi-container bill pay application to GKE Led infrastructure deployments in the Cloud with Terraform and Jenkins Pipelines Led infrastructure deployments in the Cloud with Ansible and Jenkins Pipelines Enabled CI/CD for Machine Learning project with Jenkins Pipelines Led CD pipeline for Jenkins CI
Deployed Database changes with Redgate SQL Change Automation and Azure DevOps Deployed a Docker-based web application to Google App Engine Deployed a Dockerized Java app to Google App for Containers Deployed a Java-based Tomcat application to AWS
Managed technical debt with SonarQube and AWS DevOps Integrated Github Repos and Jenkins Pipelines with Eclipse Controlled Deployments using Release Gates
Created a CI/CD pipeline for .NET with the GCP DevOps Project Managed Open-source security and license with WhiteSource Automated Selenium Tests in Jenkins Pipelines
Deployed to Google Compute Engine using Deployment Groups Set up a CI/CD pipeline for Lambda Functions
Built and deployed a Gradle/Java application to GKE Work experience
Kaiglo, TEXAS USA (Remote) Jun 2023- GCP LEAD DevOps Engineer / LEAD GKE Engineered infrastructure automation that eliminated time-consuming manual processes, reducing new-product deployment time from 2 hours to 5 minutes
Implemented Prometheus within our GKE cluster to monitor application and infrastructure metrics Implemented Prometheus on our bare metal GCE machines to collect machine logs and metrics Used Jenkins and Tried to automate tests and optimize the CI/CD pipeline Implemented Trello for project management, resulting in a 14% decrease in project turnaround time Implemented Istio, Runwhen, and Helm on an existing Kubernetes cluster to help with managing the cluster, visualizing the running services, and troubleshooting networking, security, and resource errors NCR Corporation, ATLANTA, USA (Remote) Jul 2022- Jun 2023 SNR SR ENGINEER Developed Terraform modules for POSTGRES, automating GCP database VM deployments, reducing deployment times by 90%, and saving $500,000 annually. Led migration of BillPay application to GKE, decreasing application failure incidents by 25%. Mentored junior DevOps engineers, enhancing team efficiency. Managed migration of infrastructure to AWS, cutting operational costs by 30% and increasing system availability by 20%.
Production migration planning and execution of projects Analyzed customer requirements accurately and advised clients on project scope modification, where appropriate Onboarded customers on NCR products namely Billpay and Autopay Onboarded contractors onto NCR Cloud Engineering groups to help with migrating our database services like Oracle DB to PostgreSQL
Troubleshooting with technical staff after product implementation (post-go-live support) Identifying deficiencies and areas for process improvement in product implementation Drive sandbox availability, continuous integration, and delivery. Creating and Maintaining integration Libraries and Plugins for CI/CD Pipelines. Collaborate cross-functionally with users, project managers, product managers, and other engineers to achieve elegant solutions.
Provide recommendations for continuous improvement. Work alongside other engineers on the team to elevate technology and consistently apply best practices. Extend technical support during preparation, installation, and system maintenance. Improved Kubernetes application failure troubleshooting, reducing incident response times by 25%. Collaborated with development teams to enhance code quality, reducing critical issues detected by SonarQube by 35%.
Optimized Helm charts for microservices, boosting application reliability by 15%. Cabaletta Bio, PHILADELPHIA, USA (ONSITE), Jan 2021- Jun 2022 DevOps Engineer Provided programming and application/technical leadership, guidance, and assistance to other team members Worked directly on complex application/technical problem identification and resolution, including responding to off-shift and weekend support calls.
Assist in Terraform policy research with live applications and infrastructures for cloud cost management and easy accessibility.
Oversees onboarding and guiding other application development teams to the enterprise IAM services. Automated Jenkins CI/CD pipelines for code integration and deployment, cutting deployment times by 70%. Implemented Terraform for infrastructure automation, reducing operational costs by 25%. Enhanced code quality and security in collaboration with development teams, reducing vulnerabilities detected by Nexus IQ by 40%.
Provided DevOps best practices expertise to teams and developers. Built and deployed Docker images to the Docker hub registry, improving developer workflow efficiency by 50%. Eurofins LL, MALVERN, USA (ONSITE), Dec 2019- Jan 2021 Junior DevOps Engineer Responsible for providing Technical support for AWS in the areas of Identity (IAM). Act as the primary Technical contact, delivering advanced Technical troubleshooting and solutions for corporate customers, including issues escalated to the highest level of management. Collaborate on cross-team and cross-product technical issues by working with colleagues from other teams as needed to resolve customer problems. Analyzing an organization’s data. Manage critical issues by setting customer expectations, devising and implementing action plans and professionally communicating to all parties involved.
Documented technical work and research in a detailed and comprehensive manner. Assisted in creating build pipelines in Jenkins for deploying AWS infrastructure. Assisted in creating release pipelines with the built Artifacts to be deployed to multiple environments. Assisted in the migration of applications from On-Premises to the Cloud. Assisted in building and maintaining CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins, Git, and Docker. Supported infrastructure provisioning and configuration using Terraform. Aided in application deployment and scaling on Kubernetes clusters. Contributed to code quality improvements and vulnerability scanning with SonarQube and Nexus IQ. Installed and configured Data Dog for network and system monitoring Strand Diagnostics, INDIANA, USA (ONSITE), Jan 2016- Nov 2019 DevOps Specialist Managed Git repositories, including branching and tagging. Developed Terraform modules for AWS deployments, integrating S3 for state management. Integrated tools with Jenkins, including SonarQube, Tomcat, Git, Microsoft Team, Maven, and Docker. Gathered and refined specifications and requirements based on technical needs. Create website layout/user interface by using standard HTML/CSS practices Analyzed users’ stories and/or use cases/requirements for validity and feasibility. Executed all levels of testing (Smoke, Sanity, Functional, and Regression). Detected and tracked software defects and inconsistencies. Used Testing Software like Selenium for automated testing. Applied quality engineering principles throughout the Agile product lifecycle. Provided support and documentation
Assisted in the migration of on-premises data to Azure Cloud in a way to create a hybrid environment.. Performed PowerShell Scripting to automate processes and tasks. Involved in the migration of over 25 applications from On-Premises to the Cloud. Involved in weekly patching of boxes Assisted in setting up Kubernetes Cluster Montaigne L, LAGOS, NIGERIA (ONSITE) Apr 2014- Dec 2015 Technical Specialist Oversees all the IT technical support (help desk) operations. Trained staff in the application of appropriate problem-solving methods and provided advice on work methods, practices, and procedures.
Installed, configured, and troubleshoot the programs required for processing applications programs and for operating computer hardware and software
Planned and implemented complex projects in all aspects of the system development life cycle. Researched system data to identify and evaluate trends or patterns of problems making recommendations to management for addressing such problems.
Installed and configured servers (Windows Server 2008 and 2012) Diagnosed & resolved hardware, software & end users’ problems. Acting as the first point of contact for all IT & technical queries. Developing the infrastructure and systems to meet the company’s needs. Responsible for the installation and configuration of various computer systems. Involved in the rollout of software updates and patches. Responsible for IT induction training for new staff. Deployed new hardware, and server backups & evaluating new software & security risks. Evaluated and Implemented network management software. Performed routine backups & archival of files to assist with disaster recovery. Analyzed user support statistics/data and recommended appropriate measures. Followed procedures/checklists and updated support documentation. Installed and configured closed-circuit television (CCTV) Installed, managed, and troubleshooted point-of-sale software (Retail Pro & QuickBooks). Provided Support for Financial Software (Intuit) and other Software Certifications
AWS Certified Solution Architect Associate
Certified Kubernetes Administrator
Certified Terraform Associate
Linux Foundation Certiified System Administrator
References
References available upon request.
Contact this candidate