CHANDRAN MUTHUKRISHNAN
ad806s@r.postjobfree.com
813-***-****

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY:
Over 15 years of experience in multiple roles including Kubernetes DevOps Engineer, Lead Operations Engineer and Linux/Solaris Sysadmin.
Hands on experience with Git, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible and in automating and optimizing the critical deployments over large infrastructure.
Experience in CI /CD methodologies using Jenkins, GitHub, Ansible.
Monitored cluster and namespace resources using Prometheus/Grafana and troubleshoot the issues related CPU utilization and memory consumption of pods.
Designed and provided technical application support and administration of various Azure Cloud, GCP, RedHat Linux, Solaris, Python, Perl & Shell Scripts, WebLogic Middleware, NGINX, Apache, Tomcat, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Vertica and Oracle DB applications.
Experience in System Administration, loading patches, trouble shooting, security, backup, performance monitoring and fine tuning on Linux/Solaris Systems.
Excellent communicative, interpersonal, analysis and leadership skills with ability to work efficiently in both independent and teamwork environments.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Cloud Platforms : Azure and GCP
DevOps Technologies : Jenkins, Kubernetes, Ansible, Docker, GIT
SW Methodologies : Agile, Scrum, Kanban, Waterfall
App/Web/Middleware : Apache, WebLogic, Hazelcast, Tomcat, NGINX, IBM MQ Series, WebSphere, IIS.
Database : MySQL, Oracle 8i/9i/10g/12c, Vertica, SQL Server, PostgreSQL
Scripting : Perl, Shell, AWK, PHP, PowerShell
Tools : SWIFT, VERITAS Cluster Servers, IBM Netcool, BMC Remedy, VISIO, KANBAN, DB Visualizer, DBeaver, Oracle SQL Developer, Wireshark, YAML, JSON, XML, HP Quality Center.
Operating Systems : RedHat Linux, Solaris, Windows.

CERTIFICATIONS:
Red Hat Certified OpenShift Administrator
ITIL Foundation certificate
Oracle Solaris 10 Systems Administrator Part I and II

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Lead Operations Engineer - Mobile Profile Management
Syniverse Technologies LLC Apr 2023 – Present

Deployment and configuration of Kubernetes clusters according to best practices.
Monitoring and ensuring the stability, performance, and reliability of Kubernetes clusters.
Troubleshooting and resolving issues related to Kubernetes clusters, including networking, storage, and resource utilization.
Implementing security measures and ensuring compliance with security standards within Kubernetes environments.
Configuring pods, services and deployment on K8’s cluster using YAML files.
Collaborating with development and operations teams to optimize application deployments on Kubernetes.
Performing periodic upgrades and patching of Kubernetes clusters to ensure they are running the latest stable releases.
Participating in on-call rotations and responding to incidents related to Kubernetes infrastructure.
Documenting processes, procedures, and configurations related to Kubernetes environments.
Setting up logging, alerting, and monitoring of clusters using Prometheus.

Senior Systems Engineer - VAS, Uniroam Provisioning, RTI
Syniverse Technologies LLC Mar 2016 - Apr 2023

Installs Application software releases/updates into production for all assigned applications, working closely with Development, Change management, System Administration, Database Administration, and Product Support in the process.
Planning and implementation of upgradation, enhancements, release or any changes in the existing functionality of the systems as per business requirements using WebLogic/ WebSphere/ Apache/ Tomcat/ JBOSS and Sun One Webserver
Expert in execution of XML, Shell Scripts, PHP and Perl Scripts.
Monitor Application availability, Server connectivity and health check using LNMS Graphs, IBM Netcool Alarm and Service Status Dashboard tool
Automated the application monitoring, alarming system and scheduling the scripts using CRON jobs.
Expertise in querying RDBMS such as Oracle 11G/12c and MySQL Database Querying and Maintenance using Oracle SQL Developer, DB Visualizer tool and DBeaver.
Migrated the applications from Solaris to Linux servers.
Participated in the annual Disaster Recovery test for all the applications
Installed and renewed the SSL certificates in all the customer facing applications.
Identifying and implementing new process within the team to increase the productivity of the team.
Experience in using BMC Remedy, SWIFT and KANBAN(Jira) tool to track all our working queues.
Exposed to all aspects of software development life cycle (SDLC) such as Analysis, Planning, Developing, Testing and implementing and post-production analysis of the projects.
Developed and implement software tools, documentation and procedures to accurately monitor production applications on a daily basis with early warning indicators.
Participated in the annual Audit evidence for the applications.
Efficient in working closely with teams to ensure high quality and timely delivery of builds and releases.

Specialist IMS - Configuration Management
Syntel Limited Jun 2010 - Mar 2016

Troubleshooting CTS, XML, WSVC and SOAP transactions.
Configuring and monitoring Application servers, Databases, Web services and JMS queues in the monitoring tool.
Loading patches as per Change Management tool requests using Loadzilla (in-built) deployment tool.
Monitoring the ticketing system Quality Center and Team Forge on 24/7 basis.
Created Production data in Mainframe using BlueZone environment and 1Source tool.
Troubleshooting the programs and transactions in Mainframe IMS screen and also resolving network related issues
Shutting down and Restarting Application processes using Veritas Cluster Server.
Application servers’ performance monitoring and tuning setup.
Debugging Perl and shell scripts.
Install, upgrade, and maintain Linux based systems.
Automated server maintenance, including running scripts and automated processes.
Coordinate with Onsite and Offshore team to meet the deliverables on time.

System Analyst – Production Support
HOV Services Limited Jun 2007 - Jun 2010

Process and workflow monitoring in all the servers.
Scheduling jobs using crontab and at jobs.
Maintaining the File Systems by performing periodic clean up.
Monitoring and maintenance of sever performance and load averages regularly.
Knowledge in Service Management Facility (SMF) svcs, svcadm, svccfg etc.
Troubleshooting workflow and server related issues across all the projects.
Redundant Server Testing – Complete workflow of the project.
Troubleshooting the data inconsistency by querying MySQL and MSSQL database.
MySQL Database and Table Creation for production backend process.
Database Movement, Database clean up and data storage movement.
Executing and debugging Shell Scripts as per corporate client’s request.

Degree:

Bachelor Degree in Applied Sciences. Sep 2000 - Apr 2003
AMIE in Electronics and Communication Engineering. Jul 2003 - Mar 2007
Contact this candidate