Rohan Kumar
Mobile: +1-650-***-**** Email: ad842m@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: LinkedIn

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Over 8+ Years of experience in IT industry as a Linux & Windows System Administrator, DevOps Engineer with a major focus in the areas of Cloud Infrastructure Providers, Data Center Migration, Containerization Technologies, Configuration Management, CI/CD Pipeline, Virtualization technologies.
Highly motivated and committed Cloud and DevOps Engineer experienced in Automating, Configuring and deploying instances on AWS, Azure and Rackspace cloud environments and Data centers.
Experience working on Continuous Integration and Delivery platform as DevOps Engineer and Linux in a Cloud Computing environment using AWS.
Fundamental mastery of the AWS cloud computing platform, and its many dimensions of scalability-including but not limited to: VPC (Virtual Private Cloud), EC2, load-balancing with ELB, messaging with SQS (and scalable non-AWS alternatives), auto-scaling architectures.
Experienced in AWS Cloud Computing services, such as EC2, S3, API, Dynamo, EBS, Elastic IP’s, VPC, ELB, Route53, Cloud Watch, Security Groups, Cloud Trail, IAM, Cloud Front, Snowball, EMR, RDS and Glacier also worked on DNS, SSL and Firewalls and strong understanding of AWS technologies (EC2, RDS, DynamoDB, Redshift, MapReduce, Pipeline, Opsworks, ELB, EBS, S3, VPC, Route 53, Cloudwatch, SQS) (AMAZON TECHNICAL PROFESSIONAL partner accreditation).
Expertise on various AZURE services like Compute (Web Roles, Worker Roles), Caching, SQL AZURE, NoSQL, USQL, Network services, AZURE Active Directory, AZURE Websites, Application Insights, Power BI, Internet of Things (IoT), Azure Monitoring, Key Vault, Visual Studio Online (VSO), Storage, Data Factory, API Management, Scheduling, Auto Scaling, PowerShell Automation and other Azure Services.
Experience in deploying a Dynamics NAV database that is exported as a data-tier application (DAC) bacpac file into Azure SQL using SQL Server Manager.
Experience in provisioning of IaaS, PaaS Virtual Machines and Web, Worker roles on Microsoft AZURE Classic and Azure Resource Manager (ARM), Deployed Web applications on Azure using PowerShell Workflow.
Debugging Chef Recipes and their execution trying to pull logs into Splunk and monitor deployments.
Used Jenkins and pipelines to drive all microservices builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes.
Managed Kubernetes charts using Helm. Created reproducible builds of the Kubernetes applications, Kubernetes manifest files and releases of Helm packages.
Created, developed and tested environments of different applications by provisioning Kubernetes Clusters on AWS using Docker, Ansible and Terraform.
Implementing Clusters using Kubernetes and worked on creating pods, replication controllers, Name Spaces, deployments, Services, labels, health checks, Ingress resources and Controllers by writing YAML files. Integrated them using weave, flannel, calico SDN networking.
Experience designing and deploying container-based production clusters using Docker, Kubernetes, Docker Swarm, OpenShift and knowledge in Apache Mesos.
Building/Maintaining Docker container clusters managed by Kubernetes Linux, Bash, GIT, Docker, on GCP. Utilized kubernetes and docker for the runtime environment of the CI/CD system to build, test deploy.
Experience in creating Docker Containers leveraging existing Linux Containers and AMI's in addition to creating Docker Containers from scratch.
Involved in using Terraform and Ansible, migrate legacy and monolithic systems to Amazon Web Services and managing Ubuntu, Amazon Linux and RHEL virtual servers on AWS EC2 instance by creating Ansible Nodes.
Hands on Experience in using IDE such as visual studio, eclipse and experience working with artifacts management tools like NEXUS, JFROG strong experience in CI/CD methodologies with Jenkins.
Experience in Nexus and Artifactory-repository managers for managing artifacts for java application.
Installed and Managed Jenkins and Nexus for CI and Sharing Artifacts respectively within the company.
Configured License-check, Resolution of Artifacts & dependencies through Artifactory.
Developed Microservice onboarding tools leveraging Python and Jenkins allowing for easy creation and maintenance of build jobs and Kubernetes deploy and services.
Worked with multiple DevOps methodologies and tools Continuous Integration (CI) / Continuous Delivery tools (Jenkins) Infrastructure.
Experienced in Perl, Python and shell scripting for automating tasks.
Worked on shell scripts for CPU usage, Memory consumption and number of I/O to collect performance stats and troubleshoot issues.
Experienced in Performance Monitoring, Security, Trouble shooting, Disaster recovery, Maintenance and Support of UNIX systems.
Installation and configuration of ELK stack (Log Management tool) in both legacy and Docker swarm mode.
Deployed and configured Elastic Search, Log stash and Kibana (ELK) for log analytics, full text search, application monitoring in integration with Azure.
Created and maintained user accounts, profiles, rights, disk space and process monitoring.
Orchestrated and migrated CI/CD processes using CloudFormation and Terraform Templates and Containerized the infrastructure using Docker, which was setup in AWS VPCs.
Extensive experience with software builds tools like Apache Maven, Apache Ant.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating Systems
Red Hat Linux 4, 5, 6, Sun Solaris 8, 9,10, AIX 5.3, 6.1, 7.x, vSphere 4.0, 5.0, Windows 2000/2003/2008, UNIX, CentOS 5, 6, Fedora, Ubuntu
CM Tools
Chef, Puppet, Ansible Docker, SCCM
CI Tools
Hudson, Jenkins, Nexus, GoCD
Hardware
Sun Fire 25K, 20K, 15K, 12K, 6800/4800/3800, Sun StorEdge 3910,6910,3310,6320.
Version Control System Tools
GIT, CVS, Perforce, Subversion/SVN
Languages
Shell, C, C++, Java, J2EE, Shell, Python
Networking
TCP/IP, NFS, Telnet, FTP, DNS, DHCP, NAT, ifconfig, route, Netstat, Xinetd, HTTP, SQUID, SAMBA
Build Tools
ANT, MAVEN, NIM
Bug Tracking & Testing Tools
JIRA, Bugzilla, Junit, Test Flight and Test Rail.
Web/APP Servers
Apache Web Server, Tomcat Web Server, Websphere
Storage
Netapp, XIV, EMC, PowerPath, Hitachi
Database
Oracle 9i, 10g, DB2, MS Access, MYSQL 3.X.
Cloud
Openstack, AWS
Monitoring Tool
Nagios, Dynatrace

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Brightspeed Nov 2023 – Present
Role: Sr. Cloud Admin Engineer

Responsibilities:
Designed AZURE Resource Manager (ARM) templates and custom build steps using PowerShell. Identified and logged defects in VSTS and interacted with developers to prioritize the issues.
Created Azure SQL database, performed monitoring and restoring of Azure SQL database. Performed migration of On-premises Microsoft SQL server to Azure SQL database.
Managed Azure Infrastructure Azure Web Roles, Worker Roles, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, Azure AD Licenses,Virtual Machine Backup and Recover from a Recovery Services Vault using Azure PowerShell and Portal.
Involved in managing Private Cloud and Hybrid cloud configurations and practices in Windows Azure, SQL Azure, Azure Web and Database deployments. Upgraded and Migrated web applications to latest .Net framework versions and Azure platforms.
Deployed Azure Cloud services (PaaS role instances) into secure VNets, subnets and designed Network Security Groups (NSGs) to control Inbound &amp, Outbound access to Network Interfaces (NICs), VMs & subnets.
Setup and build AWS infrastructure various resources VPC EC2, S3, IAM, EBS in cloud formation JSON Templates.
Experienced in Provisioning of IaaS & PaaS Virtual Machines and Web/Worker roles on Microsoft Azure Classic and Azure Resource Manager.
Designed, configured and deployed Amazon Web Services (AWS) for a multitude of applications using the AWS stack (EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, Cloud Formation, Cloud Watch, SQS, IAM), focusing on high-availability, fault tolerance, and auto-scaling.
Handled migration of on-premises applications to the cloud and created resources inside cloud and expert in deploying of OpenStack hosted applications on Azure platform and issues related to RDP of Azure Infrastructure.
Setting up scalability for application servers using command line interface(CLI) for Setting up and administering DNS system in AWS using Route53 Managing users and groups using the amazon identity and access management (IAM)
Created Azure services using ARM templates (JSON) and ensured no changes in the present infrastructure while doing incremental deployment.
Installed WebSphere MQ (WMQ) on windows platform and created queue manager, queues, channels and cluster in queue mangers via WebSphere MQ Explorer.
Develops server scripts to automate MQ, Message Broker and MQ MFT administrative task
Hands-on experience on installing and configuring IBM WebSphere MQ, Message Broker and MQ MFT
Deployed the Java applications into Apache Tomcat Application Servers.
Automated the process of deployment to Apache Tomcat Application Servers by developing Perl Scripts.
Continuing architectural changes to move software system offerings to a distributed, service based architecture, utilizing Docker/Kubernetes technologies.
Managed Kubernetes charts using Helm. Created reproducible builds of the Kubernetes applications, Kubernetes manifest files and releases of Helm packages.
Built Jenkins pipeline to drive all microservices builds to Docker registry and deploy to Kubernetes.
Created Ansible roles in YAML and defined tasks, variables, files, handlers and templates. Created inventory and configured the Ansible files for parallel deployment in Ansible for automating the Continuous delivery process.
Worked on deployment automation of all the micro services to pull image from the private Docker registry and deploy to Docker swarm cluster using Ansible.
Created Terraform templates for provisioning virtual networks, subnets, VM Scale sets, Load balancers and NAT rules and used Terraform graph to visualize execution plan using the graph command.
Created Terraform scripts to launch the platform common services like CI/CD tool Jenkins, Configuration Management Tool Ansible, Secrets management tool Vault.
Developed microservice on boarding tools leveraging Python and Jenkins allowing for easy creation and maintenance of build jobs and Kubernetes deploy and services.
Setup and Implement Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI & CD) Process stack using AWS, GITHUB/GIT, Jenkins and Ansible.
Configured and maintained Jenkins to implement the CI process and integrated the tool with Ant and Maven to schedule the builds.
Setting up continuous integration and formal builds using Jenkins with Artifactory repository.
Hands on Experience with Atlassian Products JIRA, Confluence, Fisheye and Crucible.

Environment: Rhel 6.5, Sun Solaris 10, Sun fire 15k, Puppet, AWS, Tomcat, Jboss, Linux, Ubuntu, Veritas volume manager 4.0, SSH, ECM, Avocent,Chef, Jenkins, Docker, Bamboo, Nagios, Git, Arifactory, Sonar, Shell, Python, Ant, Maven, Java.

Charter Communications, Charlotte, North Carolina May 2021 – Nov 2023
Role: DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
•Experience in developing Python modules to automate processes in AWS and Automated the cloud deployment using AWS, AWS CLI, Python (Pip, Boto, Boto3) and AWS cloud formation templates also proficient in scripting for automation & monitoring using Shell Bash, PowerShell, PHP, Java, Python, YAML, Ruby & Perl scripts.
•Experience in strategy and practical implementation of AWS Cloud services like EC2, EBS, S3, S3 Glacier, Storage Gateway, VPC, Route S3, RDS, ELB, EMR, ECS, Cloud Front, OpsWorks, Cloud Formation, Elastic Cache, Cloud Watch, CloudTrail, RedShift, Lambda, AWS Elastic Beanstalk, SNS, Dynamo DB, SES
•Deploy puppet to completely provision and manage AWS EC2 instances, volumes, DNS, and S3.
•Implemented AWS Cloud platform and its features which includes EC2, VPC, EBS, AMI, SNS, RDS, EBS, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Cloud Formation AWS Config, Autos calling, Cloud Front, IAM, S3, R53.
•Launching and configuring of Amazon EC2 (AWS) Cloud Servers using AMI's (Linux/Ubuntu) and configuring the servers for specified applications.
•Deploy puppet to completely provision and manage AWS EC2 instances, volumes, DNS, and S3.
•Launching and configuring of Amazon EC2 (AWS) Cloud Servers using AMI's (Linux/Ubuntu) and configuring the servers for specified applications.
•Worked with AWS Cloud Formation Templates, Terraform along with Ansible to render templates and Murano with Heat Orchestration templates in OpenStack Environment.
•Expertise in integrating Terraform with Ansible, Packer to create and Version the AWS Infrastructure, designing, automating, implementing and sustainment of Amazon machine images (AMI) across the AWS Cloud environment.
•Responsible for installation and upgrade of patches and packages on RHEL 5/6 using RPM & YUM.
•Automated The Build process using ANT, Shell and Jenkins.
•Built Jenkins pipeline to drive all microservices builds to Docker registry and deploy to Kubernetes. Created Jenkins jobs to create AWS Infrastructure from GitHub repositories containing Ansible playbooks.
•Implemented a load balanced, highly available, fault tolerant, auto scaling Kubernetes AWS microservices container, developed networking policies for Docker Containers, created Pods and deployed to Kubernetes.
•Implemented cluster services using Docker and Kubernetes to manage local deployments in Kubernetes by building a self-hosted Kubernetes cluster using Terraform and Ansible and deploying application containers.
•Create develop and test environments of different applications by provisioning Kubernetes clusters on AWS using Docker, Ansible, and Terraform.
•Expertise in writing the playbooks using the YAML scripting which manages the configurations also have experience in setting up master minion architecture in Kubernetes to maintain the containers with the help of using YAML files, also deployed Docker containers through Kubernetes to manage the Microservices using its nodes, ConfigMaps, selector, Services, Pods.
•Used Ansible Playbooks to setup Continuous Delivery Pipeline. Deployed micro services, including provisioning AWS environments using Ansible Playbooks.
•Experience in configuring and managing Chef Master Server, upload cookbooks through knife, test recipes in Kitchen and other chef tools like, Foodcritic and Inspec and building workflows with Chef Automate.
•Developed Chef Recipes in Ruby to configure, deploy and maintain software components of existing and cloud infrastructure and bootstrapped chef client nodes.
•Proficient with Shell, Bash, Python, PowerShell, YAML, Ruby and Perl scripting languages for automation, monitoring.
•Set up build environment integrating with Git and Jira to trigger builds using Web Hooks and Slave Machines by integrating Docker container-based test infrastructure to Jenkins CI test flow.

Environment: Sun ultrasparc t5220 and t5120, AWS, Puppet, Python, Ruby, Sun Fire 4800/480/280/V100, Sun Solaris 8 & 10,Linux,Ubuntu,Veritas volume manger4.0, Serena Dimensions, ANT, Jenkins, Docker, Sonar Qube, Dynatrace, Shell Script, Java/J2EE, WebSphere and Portal server, Search Engine Optimization(SEO), AppScan.

Blue Cross and Blue Shield, Eagan, Minnesota Feb 2019 - May 2021
Role: Associate DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Experience in designing and deploying AWS Solutions using EC2, S3, and EBS, Elastic Load balancer (ELB), auto-scaling groups and OpsWorks.
Involved in Architect, build and maintain Highly Available secure multi-zone AWS cloud infrastructure utilizing Chef with AWS CloudFormation and Jenkins for continuous integration.
Launching and configuring of Amazon EC2 (AWS) Cloud Servers using AMI's (Linux/Ubuntu) and configuring the servers for specified applications.
Build application and database servers using AWS EC2 and create AMIs as well as use RDS for Oracle DB.
Automate infrastructure in AWS using amazon web services.
Excellent AWS DevOps and / or SysOps skills with demonstrated knowledge with 'infrastructure as code' using AWS CloudFormation or HashiCorp's Terraform.
Used Jenkins pipelines to drive all microservices builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes.
Developed microservice on boarding tools leveraging Python and Jenkins allowing for easy creation and maintenance of build jobs and Kubernetes deploy and services.
Container management using Docker by writing Dockerfiles and set up the automated build on Docker HUB and installed and configured Kubernetes.
Experience in Configuring and Integrating the Servers with different environments to automatically provisioning and creating new machines using Configuration management/provisioning tools like Ansible.
Virtualized the servers using the Docker for the test environments and dev-environment needs.
Automating the Build Infrastructure for deploying services in Dockerized environment using Jenkins, SonarQube, Maven, Groovy, Job DSL, Docker and Splunk.
Experience in Monitoring infrastructure to identify and troubleshoot issues using tools like Splunk & JIRA.
Working experience on puppet/chef configuration management of several hundreds of servers across multiple platforms like AWS cloud, VMWare and physical servers.
Used Groovy scripts for CI/CD pipeline builds, and actively involved in the entire pipeline setups and Jenkins configuration.
Created continuous integration system using SVN, Ant, Jenkins, chef full automation.
Integrated Build Process through Jenkins to various SCM tools like GitHub, SVN.
Coordinate/assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labeling/naming conventions using GIT source control.

Environment: AWS, Java/J2EE, MAVEN, Power CLI, JENKINS, Web logic, VMware, Apache, Nginx, Docker, GitHub, SVN, TFS, Chef, Oracle DB.
Fleetcor Technologies Inc, Atlanta, GA Sep 2016 – Jan 2019
Role: DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Installed and configured Linux, UNIX, SUSE & RedHat 5.x/6 using Kickstart with PXE for LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL and Perl/PHP) installations.
Configured Kickstart servers and booted the images using PXE in RedHat Linux and also used RedHat Satellite server extensively.
As a Linux system admin maintained the various servers and Production Support of various applications in RedHat Enterprise Linux and Windows environment.
Dealt with Linux Utilities: KICKSTART, SSH, FTP, AUTOFS, Quota Management, wrappers, User Management, Process Management, Memory Management, and Text processing tools, Log Management, Package Management, Disk Management and Swap Partition/Files Management.
Efficiency in installing, configuring, and implementing of RAID 0, RAID 1, and RAID 5 levels using Logical Volume Manager (LVM), VERITAS Volume Manager (VVM) and Solaris Volume Manager.
Installation, configuration, and administration of Apache Tomcat, WebLogic, WebSphere.
Installed and configured VMware setup and Worked on the deployment of applications on VMware and VCenter.
Built and configured RedHat systems over the network, implement automated tasks through CRON jobs, resolving tickets according to the priority basis.
Tuned, maintained and upgraded WebSphere, WebLogic, JBoss, Tomcat and Apache application servers.
Proficient in Networking and configuring TCP/IP, DNS, NFS, NIS, SAMBA, LDAP, SSH, SSL, SFTP, SMTP, SNMP servers.
Performed both interactive and automated (kickstart) installations of Red Hat Enterprise Linux using bash scripting.
Created BASH shell scripts to automate CRON jobs and system maintenance.
Configured Virtual Box's (VMWare) for developers for local testing and development of the product before they push it to DEV and CI environments.
Worked on setting up Splunk to capture and analyze data from various layers Load Balancers, Web servers and application servers.

Environment: Linux, UNIX, Microsoft Windows, LAMP, Veritas Volume Manager (VVM), Logical Volume Manager (LVM), TCP/IP, DNS, NFS, NIS, SAMBA, LDAP, SSH, SSL, SFTP, SMTP, SNMP, SVN, ZFS, Java, SQL, Oracle, Agile, Bash, Shell, WebLogic, WebSphere, Apache, Subversion, Splunk.

Client: Karvy Data Management Services Ltd, India Jan 2014 - Feb 2015
System Administrator

Responsibilities:

Setting up, configuring and troubleshooting TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, NFS, CIFS, NTP and Samba servers on different multi-platforms (Windows, Linux)
Administered RedHat Enterprise Linux 5.x/4.x & Solaris 9 servers by testing, tuning, upgrading, patching and troubleshooting both Physical & Virtual server problems.
Used Veritas File System and Veritas Volume Manager 5.0 to configure the RAID 1 & RAID 5 Storage System for more redundancy.
Installed and configured Disk and file system management using Logical Volume Manager (LVM) for Linux systems.
Local and remote administering of servers, routers and networks using Telnet and SSH login using SSH keygen tools for password-less setup and agent forwarding on Linux.
Responsible for setting up Cronjobs scripts on production servers.
Deployed JAVA/J2EE applications through WebLogic/WebSphere Application servers. Involved in front-end programming using C, C++, Con both Unix and Windows platforms.
Strong in building Object Oriented applications using C++ and Java, writing Shell scripts and Perl scripts on UNIX.
Configured LDAP on RedHat for authorization and authentication by configuring LDAP server which is used for authentication using its database.
Managing services, maintaining and managing log files, monitoring events, logs and troubleshooting system problems using Nagios tool and resolve for any reported issues.

Environment: RedHat Enterprise Linux 5.x/4.x, Solaris 9, LVM, RAID, TCP/IP, Cronjobs, J2EE, LDAP.

Education :

Bachelor’s in Computer Science from JNTUH (Aug- 2014)

Master’s Degree in Information and Technology from Silicon Valley University (Aug- 2016)
Contact this candidate