ASHOK G Contact: +91-879*******
DevOps Engineer Email: ad8boc@r.postjobfree.com
Career Objective:
I Have over all experience in 6+ years, with 4.2 years of experience in DevOps, AWS. Experience in Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery methodologies. Ability to quickly understand requirements & involved in client meetings. Experience Summary:
Experience in using Version control systems like Git and Bitbucket as a remote source code management.
Hands on experience in automating CI & CD pipeline by using Jenkins tool.
Experience in using Git, Jenkins, Docker and AWS services which reduce the effort of developers and operation teams in performing maintenance and daily operation.
Experience in source code management concepts such as branching and merging.
Experience in Jfrog artifactory in storage and for downloading artifacts for deploying it to applications and for testing.
Integrated Jfrog artifactory to jenkins tool by adding its credentials.
Having experience in Deploying the WAR files on application servers.
Good knowledge over creating and maintaining the infrastructure on AWS services such as EC2- Instances, AMI, IAM, ELB, EBS, S3 and VPC.
Experience on automating build and deploy Java applications to different environments like Dev, QA, and UAT by using Jenkins.
Having experience in Docker, Containerizing applications using Docker, and managing the Docker private registry(Docker Hub).
Managed Docker orchestration and Docker containerization using Kubernetes. Used Kubernetes to orchestrate the deployment, scaling and management of Docker Containers.
Design highly available, cost effective and fault tolerant systems using multiple EC2 instances, Auto scaling, Elastic Load Balancer and AMIs.
Creating the Incident in the Service Now, and creating the problem based on the type of incident.
Have the knowledge on a Prometheus as a monitoring tool.
Hands on experience with Linux.
Creating the Kubernetes aws-eks cluster.. for that creating the IAM role and VPC for different environment.
Technical Skills:
Continuous Integration Jenkins
Cloud Technologies AWS (EC2, EBS, ELB, IAM, S3, VPC) Version Controls Git
Programming/Scripting Shell scripting
Operating Systems Linux, Windows 10
Infrastructure as a Code Terraform
Container &Orchestration tool Kubernetes, Docker
Monitoring Tools/ notification Prometheus and Grafana IDE Intelij, visual-code.
Professional Experience:
Nantes System Pvt Ltd
Project#1 : TELENET DARWIN
Role : DevOps Engineer
Duration : May 2020 to Juy 2024.
Tools Used : GitHub, Maven, SonarQube, Jfrog Artifactory, Tomcat, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, Terraform
Description :
Telenet Group is the largest provider of cable broadband services in Belgium. Its Business comprises the provision of analog and digital cable television, fixed and mobile telephone services, primarily to residential customers. In addition, Telenet offers services to business customers all across Belgium.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Responsible for managing the code in Git. Maintain Source Control Branches, Control engineering teams access to those branches from time to time depending on the release
Used the continuous integration tool Jenkins to automate the daily build and deployment processes.
Automated the process of taking a backup of necessary code changes, while debugging an issue through a script according to development teams requirements.
Design, Develop and Maintain Build and Release management processes and tools.
Responsible for Daily Backup, Scheduling of backup job, Nightly backup setup.
Learn the architecture of all the applications to help troubleshooting any issues for each application.
Used Jenkins for Continuous Integration and Deployment into Tomcat Application Server.
AWS Cloud platform and its Services which includes EC2, AMI and S3.
Setting up databases in AWS using S3 bucket and configuring instance backups to S3bucket
Integrating Jfrog Artifactory with Jenkins to store artifacts.
Used Kubernetes to orchestrate the deployment, scaling and management of Docker Containers.
Setting up databases in AWS using S3 bucket and configuring instance backups to S3bucket.
Preparing build environments for Web-based enterprise applications and competent in application troubleshooting. Developing and build, deploy scripts for the application. Qualification Details:
B.E from Visvesvaraya Technological University, in Bellary from 2017 Date: 15/07/2024 ASHOK G
Place: Bellary
Contact this candidate