Shyam Sundhar Devanapally
Reston, Virginia ad8dku@r.postjobfree.com [469]-238-4789
EDUCATION:
Southern Arkansas University Masters in Computer and Information Science Magnolia, Arkansas.
GPA: 4.0/4.00 Aug 2022 – Dec 2023
PROFESSIONAL EXPEREINCE:
PayPal Irving, Tx, USA
DevOps Engineer July 2023 - present
Configured Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon Elastic Load Balancing, IAM, and Security Groups in public and private subnets in VPC, along with other services in AWS. Supported cloud instances running Linux and Windows on AWS.
Creating and maintaining fully automated CI/CD pipelines for code deployment using PowerShell
Written Terraform scripts to configure, execute, and apply plans for version control with AWS instances, and automated AWS infrastructure using Ansible and Jenkins, including software and services configuration with Ansible Playbooks.
Developed builds using MAVEN as a build tool, employed CI tools to move builds across different environments, and administered configuration management tools, including Git and Subversion, in UNIX and Windows environments.
Worked in Agile Scrum software development methodology, integrating continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) for efficient software delivery solutions.
Fiserv Full – time Bangalore, India
DevOps Engineer Mar 2021 – Jun 2022
As part of the DevOps team, my role includes release management, environment management, deployments, continuous integration, continuous deployment, incident management, and version management.
Designed and configured Azure Virtual Networks (VNets), subnets, Azure network settings, DHCP address blocks, DNS settings, routing and security policies focusing on data encryption, access controls, and vulnerability assessments.
Worked with IT teams and users to build and implement systems and standards. Troubleshot issues and performed root cause analysis. Updated tickets in BMC Remedy.
Designed, developed, and deployed tools for efficient configuration management, build, and release of software developed in J2EE, XML, and DB2 databases, including deploying Java applications into Apache Tomcat Application Servers.
Validated functional, integration, and regression test suites using Selenium, and tested web services (SOA) using SOAP UI.
Continuously sought knowledge from the Level-2 teams and created knowledge articles and SOPs. Learned resolutions for Linux and Windows by following the knowledge articles and SOPs.
Demonstrated strong problem-solving skills, excellent teamwork, and active participation in agile meetings (SDLC).
HDFC Bank Full – time Hyderabad, India
DevOps Engineer Sep 2020 – Mar 2021
Installed, configured, and troubleshooted Windows Server virtual machines, and performed server consolidation using VMware Converter to convert physical machines to virtual machines in a production environment.
Monitored system performance health and using Monitoring tools with AWS infrastructure like cloudwatch.
Administered Apache web servers on Linux. Configured networking with TCP/IP, NIS, NFS, DNS, DHCP.
Proficient in Shell Scripting to automate tasks and reduce time, with extensive experience in shell, Python, YAML/JSON, and Bash scripting across the lifecycle.
Installed and configured Linux and HP-UX servers including kickstart, RPM, YUM, partitioning, LVM, file systems, cron jobs, logging, network configuration, user permissions.
Achieved Microsoft Azure AZ-900 certification, demonstrating foundational knowledge in cloud services.
HDFC Bank Internship Hyderabad, India
Intern Aug 2019 – Sep 2020
•Installed and configured Linux and HP-UX servers, including kickstart, RPM, YUM, partitioning, LVM, file systems, cron jobs, logging, network configuration, and user permissions.
•Worked with IT teams and users to build and implement systems and standards. Troubleshot issues, performed root cause analysis, and updated tickets in BMC Remedy.
•Continuously sought knowledge from Level-2 teams and created knowledge articles and SOPs. Learned resolutions for Linux and Windows by following the knowledge articles and SOPs.
•Developed Perl and shell scripts for automation of the build and release process.

SKILLS:
Cloud Platforms: AWS (EC2, S3, Load Balancing, IAM, VPC), Azure (VNets, IaaS VMs, PaaS, AZ-900) Automation: Ansible, Jenkins, Terraform, MAVEN, Git, Subversion Dev and Deployment: J2EE, XML, DB2, SOAP UI, Selenium, Tomcat, CI/CD Networking and SysAdmin: TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, Linux, Windows Server, VMware, Apache, scripting
Contact this candidate