SHAHNAWAZ ASHRAF
ad8glf@r.postjobfree.com
+91-827*******.
Profile Summary
Over all 6 years of hand-on experience in IT industry as DevOps engineer, continuous integration, amazon web services, deployment automation release management and cloud implementation.
Over 6 Years of experience in setting up the enterprise infrastructure on AWS services like Cloud Formation, Networking, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, KMS encryption, logging, EKS, ELB, EBS, S3, VPC, IAM, SQS, Lambda, Route 53, ACM, ECR.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Extensively Worked with Business Users to gather, verify and validate various business requirements.
Expertise in working with Terraform.
Experience on CI (Continuous Integration) and CD (Continuous Deployment) methodologies with Jenkins.
Performed rolling upgrades of container platform with zero outage to consumer applications, slashing release time by 30%.
Experience in leading teams to successful project implementation with quality assurance and schedule adherence.
Excellent problem-solving skills, high analytical skills, good communication and interpersonal skills. Skills Profile
Technical
Operating System
MS Windows/Linux
Environment
Both Client & Server
Technologies/
Frameworks
Kubernetes, GIT, Jenkins, Ansible, docker, Bit bucket Cloud
AWS
Certifications
AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate
Experience Profile:
● Currently working as a Devops Engineer with CodeElan Technologies from Nov 2023 to Till Date.
● Worked as a Devops Engineer with Brio Technologies Private Limited from Jan 2023 to Aug 2023.
● Worked as a DevOps Engineer with Dimensions Infotech Private limited since December 2017to Dec 2022. Summary of Projects
PROJECT TITLE: Hexure Analytics Nov 2023 – Till Date. Description:
Technology empowers carriers and distributors to deliver customer-centric sales experiences, accelerate speed to market, improve in-good-order sales and meet regulatory requirements. All from a single digital sales platform for life insurance and annuities.
Responsibilities:
● Worked on github actions for CICD automations.
● Worked on RDS upgradations & EKS Upgradations with minimal downtime.
● Worked on different resources in AWS using terraform scripting.
● Created Docker files for building java based applications.
● Migrated applications from bitbucket to github.
● Worked on DataSolutions Productions through IAC tool.
● Implemented Datadog for APM monitoring.
Environment and Tools used: AWS,Terraform,Github,Docker,Datadog and EKS. PROJECT TITLE: Apple Analytics Jan 2023 – Aug 2023. Description:
Discover the innovative world of Apple and shop everything iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Mac and Apple TV, plus explore accessories, entertainment.
Responsibilities:
● Worked on migration for account-mapping,risk-event-forntend and risk-evend-backend applications.
● Created gbi.yaml file for CI/CD automations.
● Created Manifest files doing container based deployments.
● Worked on CI/CD automations through GDT tool.
● Created Docker files for building java based applications.
● Migrated services from kube to aws eks
● Worked on secret sync tool for gsf applications. Environment and Tools used: AWS,GDT,EKS,Docker and Java. PROJECT TITLE: Standard Chartered April 2020 –Dec 2022. Description:
Standard Chartered Bank is India’s largest international bank (in terms of branch network) with 100 branches in 42 cities, and we have been operating here since 1858. Key client segments include Corporate, Commercial and Institutional Banking, Private Banking as well as Retail Banking. Responsibilities:
● Build deploy-able War/Ear files using maven & Jenkins.
● Maintaining the versions of Jenkins artifacts in Nexus repository.
● Installing Plug-ins in Jenkins as per project requirements.
● As most of the infrastructure is hosted in AWS cloud. I am responsible for creating and managing EC2 Instances.
● Configuring EC2 instances with Cookbooks to enable an environment for deployment.
● Maintaining AMIs of the Configured EC2 instances.
● Creating Docker images and Containers by using docker-file.
● Improving the work flow with Docker Compose.
● Verify deployment logs to check for successful deployments.
● Post deployment, Bouncing of servers along with tmp & cache clean.
● Configuring and deploying artifacts into several environments by using the primary automation deployment tool Ansible.
● Use Ansible and other configuration management tools to deploy consistent infrastructure code across multiple environments.
● Written groovy scripts to automate deployment of cookbooks on nodes and running the chef client on them in a chef solo environment.Automation of java applications to achieve continuous integration and continuous delivery (Ci and CD). Configuring various jobs using Team city and Maven for the deployment of javabased application.
● Deployed complex application deployments on Kubernetes Cluster and I have created horizontal pod auto- scaling for my pods in kubernetes cluster.
● Deployed builds to different environments like DEV, QA, UAT environments by integrating Jenkins.
● Performed Unit Testing and System Integrated Testing.
● Configured Fortify on Demand and Jira in pipeline. Environment and Tools used: GIT,Jenkins, Ansible, Docker, AWS, Kubernetes,Maven,Nagios. PROJECT TITLE: Halliburton Analytic December 2017 – March 2020. Description:
Halliburton is one of the world's largest providers of products and services for the ever-evolving needs of the energy industry.Responsibilities:
● Administration of Subversion tool includes creating branches, tagging, access permissions and setting up hooks & locks.
● Deployed, automated, maintained, and managed AWS cloud, Kubernetes, and Docker-based production system, to ensure the availability, performance, scalability, and security of production systems.
● Creating services in AWS with the help of terraform script.
● Maintaining Subversion code repository and backup files.
● Experience in Creating branches and tags to separate build systems after a milestone release and Create build storage archives for back tracking builds.
● Used ANT scripts to build the source code. Supported and helped to create Dynamic Views and Snapshot views for end users.
● Automated build scripts using ANT and Shell Scripts.
● Configured Jenkins CI tool for project and setup Nightly Builds.
● Automated the code deployment process in each environment (development, QA, Staging, Production).
● Configured a continuous integration process and interface with the operations team to ensure project artifacts are deployed automatically to various environments using Jenkins.
● Installation, Configuration and Administration of Jenkins over UNIX and LINUX build machines in distributed mode over Apache Tomcat and configured jobs along with various plug-in for Continuous Integration, Release Builds for AGILE and Production Branches.
● Accomplished in tool automation using Shell scripting.
● Participated in Bug review meetings and released the builds to pre-production and production servers.
● Involved in deployment of the application using Tomcat.
● Performed Build and Deployment activities without any rework.
● Responsible for the deployment on Linux for Dev/ QA, staging and production environment.
● Preparing the build statistics and producing them to the management team.
● Troubleshoot deployment problems, release issues and environment issues in a multi-component environment.
Environment and Tools used: AWS,Java, Git, Jenkins, Terraform, Run-deck, Tomcat, Ant, Shell-Scripting, Kubernetes.
Contact this candidate