AWS DEVOPS ENGINEER
Name:Varun
Email:ad8hws@r.postjobfree.com
Contact:516-***-****

Professional Summary:

●Experienced in Configuring and Deploying infrastructure and applications into cloud using AWS resources such as EC2 instances, S3, RDS, EBS, VPC, SNS, IAM policies, Route 53, Auto scaling, CloudFront, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Cloud Formation, Security Groups focusing on fault tolerance and high availability.
●Experience of the full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Methodologies & Validations to ensure the Quality Assurance Control.
●Experience in the IT industry as DevOps/ Agile Operations, Software Integration, Configuration, Release Engineer, Change/Incident Management, AWS, AZURE & Open-source technologies and Cloud Management.
●Automating environment build and provisioning using virtualization, containerization and orchestration tools with Docker, VMWare, AWS, Vagrant, and Kubernetes.
●Experience in provisioning Kubernetes cluster and deploying and maintaining and Scaling workloads.
●Experience on DevOps tools such as Vagrant, Virtual Box, Ansible, Jenkins, Maven, ANT, and Docker.
●Experience on version control systems like Subversion, GIT, and used Source code management client tools like GitHub, GitLab, Git GUI, Bit Bucket and other command line applications.
●Experience in Infrastructure Development and Operations involving AWS Cloud platforms, EC2, EBS, S3, VPC, RDS, SES, ELB, Auto scaling, Cloud Front, Cloud Formation, Elastic Cache, Cloud Watch, SNS.
●Strong Experience on AWS platform and its dimensions of scalability including VPC, EC2, ELB, S3, and EBS, ROUTE 53.
●Knowledge in design and configuration of Azure for automation solution development for Microsoft POC engagements, Azure backup, Azure site recovery, IaaS.
●Implemented continuous integration with Jenkins, TeamCity, Hudson and End-to- End automation for all Build and deployments.
●Proficient in cloud provisioning tools like Terraform and cloud formation.
●Strongly hands on experience in scripting such as - Python, Groovy, UNIX Bash, Shell Scripting and Perl.
●Extensive experience using MAVEN, ANT, and Gradle as build tools for the building of deployable artifacts from source code. And good exposure in Android platform and build tools.
●Experience in JIRA & Confluence administration involving creation and management of custom, complex projects, workflows, security schemes, custom fields, dashboards and reports configurations.
●Automated the process of launching and stopping/terminating EC2 instances on Amazon AWS with BOTO.
●Experience and knowledge of Cloud Management Platform (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS).
●Worked on AWS Cloud Formation templates to use Terraform with existing plugins. To ensure successful deployment of Web applications and database templates.
●Extensively used Docker/Kubernetes for containerization, virtualization, Ship, Run and Deploy the application securely to fasten Build/Release Engineering. Involved in Provisioning AWS Infrastructure using Terraform scripts from Jenkins.
●Created and wrote shell scripts (Bash), Python and PowerShell for automating tasks.
●Experience in Deploying Apache Tomcat web server, JBoss, Oracle web logic, and IBM Web sphere.
●Expertise in writing new plugins for Jenkins to support new functionality in Terraform.
●Experience on Deployment Automation & Containerization (Docker, Kubernetes).
●Used Nagios, Grafana and CloudWatch for monitoring/metric collection for applications in a Cloud based environment.

Education:
Masters in Analytics and Systems - University of Bridgeport

Technical Skills:

Cloud Platforms
AWS, GCP, Azure.
Programming/Scripting languages
Shell, Ruby, C, C++, XML, PL/SQL, Java, HTML, Perl, PowerShell, Python.
Web Servers / Application Servers
Apache2.0/2.2/2.4, Apache Tomcat5.5/6.0/7.0, WebLogic, WebSphere, Nginx, JBOSS, My SQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, MS Access, Oracle 9i/10g/11g, DB2, HP ILO.
Tools
Chef, Puppet, Jenkins Deploy, XL Release, Maven, CVS, SVN, Git, Nexus, Nagios, Vagrant, Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible, Splunk, Terraform.
Virtualization
VMware ESX, ESXI, vSphere 4 and vSphere 5Citrix.
Databases
Oracle 9i/10g,11g, DB2, SQL Server, Mongo DB.
AWS (services)
EC-2, ELB, VPC, RDS, IAM, CloudFormation, S3, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, SNS, SQS, SWF, EBS.
Operating systems
Linux (Red Hat 4.x, 5.x, 6.x,7.x), WINDOWS NT/2000/2003/XP/ VISTA/7, UNIX - Sun Solaris v 9, 10, Ubuntu 12.x,13.x,14.x,15. x.

Professional Experience:

Client: ActioNet - Merrifield, Virginia 09-2022 to Present Role: DevOps/Cloud Engineer

Responsibilities:
●Configure, monitor and automated cloud-based service Amazon Web Services.
●Managed Kubernetes charts using Helm. Created reproducible builds of the Kubernetes applications, managed Kubernetes manifest files and Managed releases of Helm packages
●Worked on Docker open-source project by automating the deployment of applications inside software containers.
●To achieve Continuous Delivery goal on high scalable environment, used Docker coupled with load-balancing tool Nginx.
●Implemented build stage- to build the micro service and push the docker w image to the private docker registry.
●Used Jenkins pipelines to drive all microservices builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes
●Used Shell scripts to automate the deployment process.
●Followed agile principles and used JIRA for maintenance and Bug development tasks.
●Implemented testing environment for Kubernetes and administered the Kubernetes clusters.
●Container management using Docker by writing Docker files and set up the automated build on Docker HUB and installed and configured Kubernetes.
●Building/Maintaining Docker container clusters managed by Kubernetes Linux, Bash, GIT, Docker, on GCP.
●Provide support for various third-party management meetings.
●Experience on Application Performance Management (APM) tools such as Dynatrace, and AppDynamics.
●Utilized Kubernetes for the runtime environment of the CI/CD system to build, test deploy.
●Changing the AWS infrastructure Elastic Beanstalk to Docker with Kubernetes.
●Managed Ansible Playbooks with Ansible modules, implemented CD automation using Ansible, managing existing servers and automation of build/configuration of new servers.
●Created and managed custom Windows and Linux based AMIs
●Setup Elastic Load Balancer for distributing traffic among multiple WebLogic servers.
●Involved in deploying the content cloud platform on Amazon Web Services using EC2, S3 and EBS, ECS.
●Creating S3 buckets and managing policies for S3 buckets and Utilized S3 bucket and Glacier for storage and backup on AWS
●Worked on Monitoring/Alerting tools such as Prometheus, Nagios, Grafana.
●Created private cloud using Kubernetes that supports DEV, TEST, and PROD environments.
●Installed Red hat Linux using Kickstart and applied security patches for hardening the server.
●Used Splunk to monitor the system logs as well as notify the incident management system upon exceeding thresholds.
●Experience in developing Splunk queries and dashboards targeted at understanding application performance and capacity analysis.

Environment: AWS, EC2, EBS, ELB, AMI, Splunk, auto scaling, VMware, S3, Route53, SNS, Ubuntu, RHEL, Windows, GIT, Docker, Puppet, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, python, Splunk, Jira, GIT hub, Jenkins

Client: Santarich Infotech LLP - Pune,India 06-2020 to 07-2022
Role: DevOps/AWS Engineer

Responsibilities:
●Changing the AWS infrastructure Elastic Beanstalk to Docker with Kubernetes.
●Kubernetes is being used to orchestrate the deployment, scaling and management of Docker Containers.
●Used Jenkins pipelines to drive all microservices builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes
●Building/Maintaining Docker container clusters managed by Kubernetes Linux, Bash, GIT, Docker, on GCP (Google Cloud Platform). Utilized Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment of the CI / CD system to build, test deploy.
●Developed microservice on boarding tools leveraging Python and Jenkins allowing for easy creation and maintenance of build jobs and Kubernetes deploy and services.
●Working with DevOps practices using AWS, Elastic Bean stalk and Docker with Kubernetes.
●Proficient with container systems like Docker and container orchestration like EC2 Container Service, Kubernetes, worked with Terraform.
●Solid understanding and experience of Continuous Delivery and Integration processes and tools (preferably Jenkins and Bamboo), including blue/green deployment.
●Used Kubernetes to orchestrate the deployment, scaling and management of Docker Containers.
●Create and maintain Continuous Integration Processes, Deployment Scripts, Server Spin-Up/Terminate Scripts and Scripts for basic server operations
●CloudTrail logging and monitoring of API usage and API changes.
●Installed and configured Centos, Ubuntu, RHEL operating systems on large distributed environment and configured Jenkins, Maven, Chef, Docker
●Configuration management, release management and build management using Chef, Excellent Hands-on experience in using GIT to synchronize with the chef-repo, and then to manage it, as if it were source code.
●Created various Maven scripts to create multiple deployment profiles and deployed the applications packages to Tomcat, involved in the installation of Tomcat.
●Created branches and managed the source code for various applications in GIT and pushed files to GitHub and created pull requests and merging them.
●Created the Maven scripts to deploy the applications to Apache Tomcat and Web Logic Servers.
●Worked on setting up various Jenkins jobs for build and test automation.
●Design Amazon cloud formation templates to implement custom sized instances and auto-scaling to initiate successful deployment of certain Web applications as well as the related database templates.
●Implemented Infrastructure automation through CHEF, for auto provisioning, code deployments, software installation and configuration updates.
●Worked with CHEF Cookbooks for virtual and physical instance provisioning, configuration management, patching and software deployment on Open stack environments through automated tools, CHEF /custom pipeline.
●Integrated Continuous Delivery framework using Jenkins, Ansible, Maven & Nexus in Linux environment.
●Involved in maintaining and editing python scripts for application deployment automation. Also, involved in editing the existing Maven files in case of errors or changes in the project requirements.
●Worked with JIRA ticket tracking and change management as a bug tracking tool.

Environment: AWS, EC2, EBS, ELB, AMI, Splunk, auto scaling, VMware, S3, Route53, SNS, Ubuntu, RHEL, Windows, GIT, Docker, Puppet, ANSIBLE, Kubernetes, python, Splunk, Jira, GIT hub, Jenkins, JAVA/J2EE applications.

Client: Synechron INC- Hyderabad India 01-2019 to 04-2020
Role: DevOps/CICD Engineer

Responsibilities:
●Managed Amazon Redshift clusters such as launching the cluster and specifying the node type and used AWS Beanstalk for deploying and scaling web applications and services developed.
●Implemented multi-tier application provisioning in OpenStack cloud, integrated it with Chef/Puppet.
●Used Open-stack to download and install an OpenStack distribution within the internal network to see distributions.
●Implemented CI/CD using Multiple Jenkins Master and Slaves and configured with pipeline using GIT/SVN, Maven Plugins, Nexus or Artifactory, Deployments Tools with UDEPLOY and Puppet.
●Used Jenkins tools for CI with AWS for automated build every time developer code merge in to master branching.
●Worked with Log stash to visualize key OpenStack environment log metrics on Kibana (ELK).
●Designed Terraform templates to create custom sized VPC, subnets, NAT to ensure successful deployment of Web applications and database templates and migration from traditional to cloud environment.
●Created Jenkins job to build the artifacts using maven and deploy the Terraform templates to create the stack.
●Worked on Docker open-source b the deployment of applications inside software containers.
●Worked on Kubernetes to deploy scale, load balance, manage Docker containers with multiple names spaced versions.
●Implemented Chef best practices and introduced test kitchen to facilitate a more natural cookbook development workflow. Configured multiple cookbooks, recipes, templates and attributes on workstations to be deployed to various Chef nodes.
●Developed Puppet Manifests using ruby for provisioning applications and scripts.
●Worked on configuring Puppet master servers and installing Puppet client software on Linux servers and deployed Puppet, Puppet Dashboard, and Puppet DB for configuration management to existing infrastructure.
●Worked with Ansible playbooks for virtual and physical instance provisioning, configuration management, patching and software deployment.
●Used Ansible to manage web applications, configuration files, used mount points, packages and worked on playbooks for Ansible in YAML.
●Hudson/Jenkins Continuous Integration tool.
●Implemented DevOps best tools and practices such as centralized logging (ELK) server monitoring Nagios and Automation CHEF.
●Configured Apache web server in the Linux Amazon Cloud environment using CHEF automation and configured the centralized login mechanism (ELK with Filebeat) based on Docker.
●Worked with Jenkins for any automation builds which are integrated with GIT as part of infrastructure automation under continuous integration (CI).
●Extensively worked on Jenkins, CI/CD pipeline jobs for end-to-end automation to build, test and deliver artifacts and troubleshoot the build issue during the Jenkins build process.
●Implemented a GIT mirror for SVN repository, which enables users to use both GIT and SVN and used Maven as build tool on Java projects for the development of build artifacts on the source code.

Environment: RHEL, Apache Tomcat, JDK, UNIX, Maven, VMware/Exs servers, DNS, NFS, NIS, Mail servers, FTP servers, RPM servers, Python, Bash.
Contact this candidate