NAME: Henry Amin Doh Tutuwan.
Address: Winston Salem NC. 27103
Email: ad8let@r.postjobfree.com
Cell Phone: 980-***-****.

AWS SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT. AWS ENGINEER and DEVOPS ENGINEER in pursuit

Highly skilled AWS Solution Architect Associate with 5 years of experience in designing and implementing scalable and cost-effective cloud solutions. Proficient in cloud architecture, infrastructure design, and deployment strategies. Adept at collaborating with cross-functional teams to drive successful project outcomes. I am a good team player. I am good in analytical skills in assessing business requirements at the enterprise level and designing efficient and effective technology solutions for clients. Current interest is in cloud strategy, cloud migration, and optimization.
Looking to leverage expertise in AWS to contribute to innovative projects in a dynamic work environment.

SKILLS:

- Cloud Architecture Design
- Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using CloudFormation
- AWS Services (EC2, S3, RDS, Lambda, etc.)
- Network Design and Security
- Cost Optimization Strategies
- DevOps Practices (CI/CD pipelines, automation)
- Troubleshooting and Performance Tuning
- Excellent Communication and Collaboration Skills.
-Preaching and teaching and coordinating

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
-Catholic Priest for 22 years,
- Assistant Manager for 3 years.
-Manager for 10 years.
-Dean of Studies and Classroom teacher for 2 years.
-Principal for 7years.
-Military Chaplain July 2021 to current date.

COMPANY
-ArchiSolve Team lead Solution Architect from March 2019 – April 2020
-Primus Cloud Solutions Inc. primuscloudsolutions.com Team member from May 202 to present
AWS AND IT,

Leveraged Auto scaling groups to right-size EC2 pools to match the level of demand and helped to manage costs by eliminating excess capacity to maintain optimal level of resources.
Democratized advanced technologies in our architecture patterns including leveraging ECS, EKS, Lambda functions, parameter store, DynamoDB etc.
Released, provisioned and deployed software using git, Jenkins, terraform and packer (AMIs)
Leading on designs/development aspects of migration journey - assess, mobilize and migrate phase including leveraging CART, ADS, Migration Evaluator, DMS, Cloud Endure etc.
Automatically remediated Trusted Advisor findings using Amazon CloudWatch events and AWS Lambda
Designed for high availability and business continuity using self-healing-based architectures, fail-over routing policies, multi-AZ deployment of EC2 instances, ELB health checks, Auto Scaling, and other disaster recovery models.
Implemented AWS Systems Manager management service capabilities to automatically collect software inventory, apply OS patches, and automate administration tasks and complex workflows across our environments.
Built high-performing, resilient, and efficient infrastructure for customer applications, and performed reviews for architecture and infra builds.
Developed CI / CD to standardize the infrastructure and automate the DevOps processes, allowing customers to rapidly build, test, and release code while minimizing errors.
Managed provisioning of AWS infrastructures using CloudFormation and Terraform.
Designed for high availability and business continuity using self-healing-based architectures, fail-over routing policies, multi-AZ deployment of EC2 instances, ELB health checks, Auto Scaling, and other models based on customer’s functional and non-functional requirements.

Developed terraform modules and CloudFormation templates to provision infrastructures in cloud
Leveraged AWS Control Tower to set up and govern a secure, multi-account AWS environment based on
Developed and created custom Service Control Policies and attached them to approved OUs and AWS accounts as required
Deployed Guard Duty across our Control Tower managed organization with the Audit account being the delegate administrator
Designed secured, cost optimized, highly available and fault tolerant architecture designs and infrastructure in AWS.
Implemented security best practices in AWS including multi factor authentication, access key rotation, role-based permissions, enforced strong password policy, configured security groups and NACLs, S3 bucket policies and ACLs.
Optimized cost through reserved instances, selection and changing of EC2 instance types based on resource need, S3 storage classes and S3 lifecycle policies, leveraging Autoscaling.
Leveraged EC2 Life Cycle Manager to create snapshots of EBS Volumes on scheduled intervals for backup and define a retention period as a cost saving measure.
Configured CloudWatch alarm rules for operational and performance metrics for our AWS resources and applications.
Configured S3 events to set up automated communication between S3 and other AWS services.
Designed highly available infrastructure using Elastic load balancer and auto-scaling for Web servers which Scale in and Scale out automatically, also isolated environment by having security groups and NACL across subnets for EC2 instances.
Architected and Implemented AWS Cloud cost effective solution for Non-Production environment such as Development, and Test.
Leading on designs/development aspects of migration journey - assess, mobilize and migrate phase including leveraging CART, ADS, Migration Evaluator, DMS, Cloud Endure etc.
Automatically remediated Trusted Advisor findings using Amazon CloudWatch events and AWS Lambda
Designed for high availability and business continuity using self-healing-based architectures.
Implemented AWS Systems Manager management service capabilities to automatically collect software inventory, apply OS patches, and automate administration tasks and complex workflows across our environments.
Leveraged different design principles for security in the cloud and implemented various AWS services to improve our security posture for Authentication, Authorization, Monitoring, Auditing, Encryption and Data path security.
Implemented docker containers on AWS using ECS and complementary services, including Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR).
Implemented and managed Ansible Tower to scale automation and handle complex deployments.

Built relationships with customers and managed customer expectations while negotiating solutions to complex problems.
Leveraged AWS IAM services to implement a strong identity foundation and enforce the least privilege principle.
Investigated and addressed system configuration issues to enhance usability and functionality.
Set up controls using preventive and detective guardrails for unauthorized actions and detected security weaknesses.
Managed and monitored all installed systems for the highest level of availability.
Enabled versioning and configured S3 lifecycle policies to backup and archive files in Glacier.
Scheduled regular backups by leveraging EC2 Lifecycle Manager to create snapshots of EBS volumes and define retention periods.
Implemented network firewalls at all layers using security groups, NACL, AWS WAF, Advance Shield, and Firewall Manager.
Experienced in network equipment: VPC, subnet, route table, Internet gateway, VPC Endpoint, AWS Direct Connect, VPG, VPC peering, Bastion Host, etc.
Monitored infrastructure, conducted configuration audits, and verified resource compliance with CloudTrail and AWS Config.
Configured log files for real-time monitoring and set alerts for important events using SNS to enable traceability.
Classified and encrypted data with KMS, managed secrets with Secret Manager and Parameter Store.
Led design and development aspects of migration journeys, including assessment, mobilization, and migration phases.
Used Ansible for cloud provisioning and configuration management.
Implemented AWS Systems Manager service capabilities to automate software inventory collection, apply OS patches, and administer complex workflows across environments.

LANGUAGE
English
French
Spanish

TECHNICAL CAPABILITIES
Cloud Orchestration / Automation: AWS CloudFormation, Terraform, AWS Lambda, AWS Systems Manager, AWS SSM Parameter Store, Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, ECS, EKS, …
AWS Security: AWS Security Hub, AWS Guard Duty, AWS Shield, AWS Firewall Manager, AWS Inspector WAF etc.

Monitoring and Event Management: AWS CloudWatch (Events and Logs), AWS SNS, AWS S3, SQS etc.

Identity and Access Management: AWS Organization, AWS IAM, AWS AD Connector, Active Directory, AWS Workspaces, AWS Secrets Manager, etc.

Governance and Compliance: AWS Config Rules, AWS Organization, AWS Control Tower, AWS Trusted Advisor, AWS Well Architected Tool, AWS Budgets, AWS License Manager

Programming Languages: JSON, Python

Application Delivery: Jira, Confluence, Jenkins, Bitbucket, AWS Code Pipeline, AWS Code Commit, AWS Code Build, AWS Code Deploy

Data Protection: AWS Certificate Manager, AWS KMS, Snapshot Lifecyle Manager, AWS Cloud HSM

Self Service: Service Catalog

Network: VPC, VGW, TGW, CGW, IGW, NGW

Image and Patch: AWS SSM Patch Manager, AWS Golden AMI Pipeline

Ops Analytics: Splunk

SKILLS in LINUX AND WINDOWS

AWS Platform: AWS CloudFormation, AWS Lambda, AWS Systems Manager, S3, VPC, EC2, ELB, RDS, SNS, SQS, SES, Route53, CloudFront, Service Catalog, AWS Auto Scaling, Trusted Advisor, CloudWatch, Dynamo DB, Glue, Event bridge

AWS Migration: Phases (Assess, Mobile, Migrate and Modernize), Tools (CART, ADS, Migration Hub, Cloud Endure, DMS, SCT etc.)

EDUCATION:

-Bachelors and Master’s degrees in theology

UNIVERSITY:

-Urbaniana Pontifical University, Rome-Ital. June 2002

PROJECTS:

- I was leader in the a stateless Web tier Application (mcfive1.com). We started small and moved it to full scalability, eliminating down time. We made the product highly available minimizing cost and optimized security.
-I also participated in a stateful web Application where we utilize the three-tier architecture.
-I have used the knowledge from data analysis in the following areas,
- To improve the performance of my two churches.
- To analysis examination results in Middle and High schools.
- To help my Army unit to evaluate and make informed decisions.

Professional Affiliations:
Teacher
Soldier
Knight of Columbus.
Contact this candidate