James Schwonek
727-***-****, ad8ocw@r.postjobfree.com, Tampa, Florida
Professional Summary:
Graduate from MIT (The Massachusetts Institute of Technology) in Physics along with over 20+ years of
UNIX (Bare Metal and VMWare HP-UX and Solaris), Linux, and Coding.
Expert knowledge in the installation, decommissioning, deployment, maintenance, troubleshooting, and
system administration of platforms for both hardware and software, and storage.
Proficient with Java, Python, Bash, Shell, Unix, Linux, Automation, DevOps solutions.
Expertise in Docker, Kubernetes, CI/CD & process automation, AWS Cloud
Experience with automation/configuration management using Puppet, Chef, Ansible.
Expert in several Backup modalities including NetBackup, NetWorker, Veeam, and Tivoli including several tape and disk storage systems.
Able to leverage technical experience to coordinate production data systems monitoring using Cacti, Nagios, Grafana, Prometheus, SolarWinds, CPM, Dynatrace, and Splunk
Building tools and processes around CI/CD pipelines involving integrations with Jenkins, testing frameworks, GitHub, etc.
Professional Experience:
(February 2024 to Present): Personal time off, Part-time Teacher The Walt Disney Company, Tampa, FL (November 2023 to January 2024) AWS/DevOps Engineer (Contract through TEKsystems)
Project involved cleanup and Pre- and Post- Holiday Customizations of Akamai Website Redirection for Culinary, Parades and Holiday Celebrations.
Succeeded in onboarding a large team to homegrown HTTPS/TLS certificate renewal software built on Grafana/Prometheus.
Adhered to strict Change Management Procedure during critical freeze periods for Linux RHEL Servers.
CE Broker, Jacksonville, FL (September 2022 to June 2023) DevOps Engineer (FTE)
Managed and monitored 400 installed systems and infrastructure in AWS Private Cloud.
Installed, configured, and tested Windows Server 10 and RHEL 7 Linux operating systems, application software, and system management tools.
Automated tasks with Ansible to improve reliability, repeatability, and scalability using Java and Python as well as Bash.
Monitored Cloud and BareMetal Systems using Splunk, Dynatrace, SailPoint, and CPM.
Worked with all aspects of AWS Cloud Infrastructure including all three load balancing modalities, CloudFront, EC2, S3, RDS, EKS, CloudFormation, and Terraform.
Managed NoSQL MongoDB used for video streaming of CE and document retention of Medical State Certification Records.
Part of a seven-person international team providing 24x7x365 on call support.
Followed security best practices including capacity provisioning and redundancy strategies using Vault and Okta.
JP Morgan Chase, Tampa, FL (January 2017 to September 2022) VP (Site Reliability Engineer) (FTE)
Compiled and Built VSI Application Code for Developers using Jenkins/Maven CI/CD pipelines attached to GitHub Repo Management.
Managed Single Sign On weekly production releases with quality secure scans including SonarQube and Black Duck.
Associate (Infrastructure Build Engineer)
Responsible for Ansible builds in three applications using Java, Python, and Bash.
Primary X.509 HTTPS TLS certificate renewal processor. Developed improvements to in- house certificate renewal system.
Assisted Teams with change control migration from ITSM to ServiceNow.
Associate (Backup and Red Hat VMWare Linux Engineer)
Primary administrator for NetBackup over many clients (Oracle, MSSQL, HP-UX, and Red Hat Linux) in a VMware/vSphere and physical server environment for Chase Paymentech.
Primary administrator for coordinating EMC Data Domain installations worldwide.
Active Directory integration with PKI infrastructure using LDAP.
(January 2016 to December 2016): Family medical leave Verifone, Tampa, FL (January 2012 to December 2015) Data Center Linux and Storage Administrator (FTE)
Assisted onsite buildout of small footprint Data Center in Clearwater, Florida.
Used VMware vSphere to manage Linux and Windows servers.
VM creation, performance monitoring, and resource allocation as well as migration using VMotion and management of user permissions.
Integration to Windows Active Directory for both Windows and Linux using LDAP.
Performed Backups, Restores and Disaster Recovery using HP Data Protector.
Wrote and Debugged code for backup processing, DR, and generalized reporting in PERL and BASH. Part of this was done side-by-side with the L4 Developers from HP because they did not have such functionality in their codebase. This accomplishment alone saved my company an estimated $1M in potential data loss risk. Citigroup, Tampa, FL (May 2011 to January 2012)
UNIX and Linux Administrator (Contract)
Managed Linux and Solaris Servers on a variety of hardware including Mainframe s390 and VMware.
Coded in PERL, BASH, and KORN to create reports for management. Created code to organize daily system email reports.
Handled ongoing projects and ad-hoc ticketing requests.
Built Red Hat Linux Systems on IBM s390 and VMware. TERiX Computer, Columbus, Ohio (September 2009 to May 2011) Senior Service Engineer (FTE)
Level 3 back-line engineering support for a 24x7 UNIX/Storage repair company.
Analyzed HP-UX, Solaris, and EMC hardware problems, including triage, determining part numbers, and assisting frontline Field Engineers in diagnostics and repair.
Analyzed HP-UX and Solaris software problems by working directly with customers via phone and email and proposing timely and effective solutions.
Worked with an online ticketing application to track repair tickets and bringing repairs to satisfactory completion for the customers.
Acted as a mentor for Level 2 engineers and a link to higher Level 4 support
: Gap Analysis • Storage Area Network (SAN) • Data Centers • SAN • Bash • Networking First Advantage, Tampa/St. Petersburg, FL (December 2008 to September 2009) Senior UNIX System Administrator (Contract)
Primary support for Symantec NetBackup 6.5 and EMC Clariion SAN storage in a Linux and Solaris Mid Range UNIX computer environment which included tape rotation and offsite storage coordination.
Primary support of 24 Solaris and 100 Linux Servers in three remote locations. Support included hardware and software maintenance along with server/network configuration.
Support of Solaris 10 zones and Veritas Cluster Server (VCS) in an Oracle 10g Database environment with RAC and RMAN.
Support of application development through code pushes and UNIX programming.
: Gap Analysis • Bash
: Linux Administration, AWS-cloud, Build & Deployment, Continuous Integration, Data Base Management Systems, Java IDE, SQL Tools.
: Ant, Maven, Jenkins, Ansible, SQL Tools, WinSCP, and GitHub.
: Linux Red hat - EL 5.x, 6.x, 7.x, Solaris and HP-UX Unix
: C, Java, Shell Scripting in Bash, Python, Perl, Java, SQL, Java Servlet Pages, Java Script, Node.JS, and HTML5.
: Git, GitHub, AWS code commit.
: Docker, Kubernetes.
: CloudFormation, Ansible and Terraform.
: Rest API Automation, SonarQube, Black Duck, Jira, Confluence Documentation.
: Cacti, Nagios, Cloud watch, Splunk, ELK, Prometheus, Grafana, AppDynamics.
: AWS EC2, VPC, ELB, IAM, SNS, RDS, EBS, Cloud Watch, Cloud Formation AWS Config, S3, Cloud Trail, VMWare, Compute Engine, Kubernetes Engine, and Cloud Storage.
: Apache Web Server on Windows/Linux, MySQL server, vsftpd package, IIS Web Server, Nginx, Oracle WebLogic, JBoss, Apache Tomcat, SMTP and SNMP setup.
: Expert in several Backup modalities including NetBackup, NetWorker, Veeam, and Tivoli including several tape and disk storage systems. Highly skilled in DataDomain.
: Troubleshoot complex server,
network, and storage systems to determine root problem cause and apply the appropriate system fixes.
Education:
Master of Science in Computer Information Systems (MSCIS), University of Phoenix, 2006
Bachelor of Science in Physics
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), 1990
Contact this candidate