Teyojessam Abam
202-***-**** ad9bii@r.postjobfree.com Greenbelt, MD

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Certified AWS Cloud/DevOps Engineer with a B.S. in Information Science and over five years of experience in cloud infrastructure and automation. Proven expertise in managing Jenkins CI/CD pipelines, creating custom Terraform modules, and orchestrating containers with Kubernetes. Adept at implementing disaster recovery solutions and security best practices to ensure resilient cloud environments. Skilled in deploying cloud-based applications, automation scripting (Python/Bash), and network security. Strong focus on continuous
improvement, collaboration, and delivering scalable IT solutions.

Core Skills:

IAM, EC2, S3, RDS
Git, GitHub
Python, SQL, JSON, YAML
Shell (Bash), Groovy
Terraform
VS Code
AWS CLI, PowerShell, Git Bash
Windows, Linux, Ubuntu
VPC, TCP/IP, Route Table, IGW, NAT
EIP, Endpoints, Route53, Bastion, NACL C
AWS KMS, AWS Config,
AWS Secrets Manager, AWS Security
Hub
Docker, ECS, Kubernetes, EKS
Jira, ServiceNow
Microsoft Teams, Slack, Google Hangouts
MySQL, PostgreSQL, Aurora
MariaDB, DynamoDB, OracleDB
Microsoft 365 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)
Jenkins
SonarQube
Packer
Ansible
AWS CloudWatch/EventBridge
Putty, WinSCP

CAREER CHRONOLOGY

Leveraged Jenkins CI/CD pipeline for continuous integration and deployment for production application releases.
Developed and managed Jenkins pipelines to automate code builds and continuous integration processes, ensuring efficient build/release failure resolution.
Created custom terraform modules for deploying various services in AWS.
Utilized Kubernetes to automate deployment, scaling, and operations of application containers across host clusters, achieving cost savings, high availability, enhanced resiliency, and increased efficiency by migrating workflows into Kubernetes clusters.
Leveraged Kubernetes pods with Jenkins to facilitate pipeline jobs running in isolated pods per requisite AWS account in the organization
Successfully worked with cloud architects to build out disaster recovery infrastructure (via Terraform, Lambdas and Python) and performed failover testing.
Implemented security best practices to protect data and assets.
Developed code and developed tools and integrations to meet cross-platform user needs
Dockerized applications and deployed them in ECS for better resiliency, high availability and cost savings.
Utilized Packer to create standardized Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) for EC2 instances, resulting in faster provisioning and improved application deployment
Enhanced CI pipeline by integrating Docker and Ansible, creating the pre-baked Amazon Golden Images.
Employed Ansible to provision RDS instances for image testing within the pipeline before deployment to ECR.
Developed, tested, and implemented bootstrap scripts for ECS-optimized EC2 instances within the ECS Cluster.
Worked with Business Analysts to gather clear and concise requirements from Business/Product Owners.
Employed JIRA and Confluence for Agile methodology
Wrote User Stories in JIRA for all projects and tasks in order to wholly capture and perform tasks/projects to product owner satisfaction.
Coordinated Agile Sprints, effectively utilized Swim-Lanes, and authored comprehensive User Stories and Acceptance Criteria
Developed process flow/OPS diagrams for all developed processes.
Integrated code scanning across all Jenkins Pipelines to ensure all IaC code are scanned before rolling out to production using SonarQube.
Led a P.O.C. project to transition applications from AWS ECS to Kubernetes.
Utilized S3 and DynamoDB for encrypted state-file storage and locking mechanisms.
Designed custom monitoring dashboards using Amazon CloudWatch for real-time insight into system health and performance metrics.
Enhanced real-time communication by integrating Jenkins with Slack to notify pipeline activity.

Implemented version control services using Git to create repository, store and track changes in source code during software development.
Setup MySQL, MariaDB databases on Amazon RDS or EC2 instances as per requirement.
Continuously improved application infrastructure in the cloud using Terraform.
Using Python 3 and Bash, developed utility tool that customers could leverage to back up and/or migrate data from one directory to another specified directory
Using Python 3 and Bash, developed utility tool that customers could leverage to migrate database schemas from specified database to specified directory.
Directly coordinated testing, configuration and deployment of infrastructure requested for application development throughout entire SDLC process.
Deployed 3 tier applications in auto-scaling groups across multiple availability zones for high Availability via Terraform.
Deployed 3 tier applications along with application load balancers with latency Route53 record for name resolution regardless of location via Terraform
Successfully deploy EC2 instances and provision necessary EBS volumes by creating volume groups, logical volumes and necessary partitions via Terraform
Successfully automated creation of complex VPC architectures with multiple public and private subnets for various application tiers via Terraform
Managed network security using Load Balancers, Autoscaling Groups, Security Groups and NACLs.
Created S3 buckets in the environment to store files which are sometimes required to serve static content for a web application.
Implemented EFS filesystems for consistent data alignment across all EC2 instances.
Created Terraform code to deploy a PHP-based front-end application integrated with a MySQL backend.
Designed serverless solutions using Lambda functions, SNS topics, API Gateways, S3 buckets, and Polly for specific client use cases.
Implemented GitHub workflows for branching, merging, and peer review, ensuring efficient tracking throughout the SDLC
Integrated AWS Secrets Manager within Terraform scripts for improved security.
Configured AWS CLI to assume role and setup named profile.

Developed SQL scripts for testing and identifying data issues
Collaborated with development team by creating sandboxes where they can test before deploying to production
Developed data structures by creating tables and aggregated datasets according to organizational needs via Pandas in Python
Conducted extensive work in diagnostic tests by using the command line interface to investigate running processes and evaluating performance metrics
Worked with cross-functional teams to identify and remove duplicate records, improving data accuracy and system performance.

EDUCATION

BS Information Science - University of Maryland (College Park, MD)

CERTIFICATIONS

AWS Certified DevOps Engineer – Professional
LINKS
LinkedIn:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/teyojessam-abam-886b97323

GitHub:
https://github.com/Teyojessam-Abam-14

Certification Badge:
https://www.credly.com/badges/f4e4df25-0418-4dc7-8708-40b0d392629b/public_url

REFERENCE AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST

Stack IT Solutions Senior AWS DevOps Engineer. Bladensburg, MD Jan 2022 – Present
Flash Tech LLC AWS Cloud Engineer. College Park, MD Sep 2019 - Dec 2021
TWG Companies Database Management and Development Intern. Newark, NJ Jan 2019 - April 2019
Contact this candidate