Maanasa Guttula
Lead DevOps Engineer
+1-630-***-****
ad9bbt@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/maanasa-guttula-0b41161b/

SUMMARY:

DevOps Engineer with 6 years of experience into DevOps processes and total 10 years of IT experience.
Expertise in GitHub Actions in creation and updating of workflow files.
Maintained the underlying Infra for the GitHub Actions for underlying infrastructure for selfhosted runners, ensuring they are secure and scalable.
Creating and Deploying robust Pipelines using Jenkins.
Experience in container systems like Docker.
Experience is writing Ansible Playbooks and run them to provision development servers.
Experience in Shell scripting.
Experience in integrating Unit Tests and Code Quality Analysis Tools like SonarQube.
Experience in using Build Automation tools like Maven for the building of deployable artifacts such as war, ear.
Experience on Nexus Repository Manager for uploading artifacts.
Installing, configuring and managing the database like MySQL, MongoDB and DynamoDB
Experience in Infrastructure as Code (IaC) practices utilizing a range of tools including Terraform and CloudFormation to automate the provisioning, configuration, and management of cloud infrastructure.
Expertise in Cloud technologies like AWS Administrative Services: IAM (Security), EC2, S3, EBS, VPC, ELB, Auto Scaling, Security Groups, Amazon AWS IAM Services in Users, Groups, Policies, and Roles.
Successfully planned and executed the migration of legacy on-premises infrastructure to AWS, leveraging services like EC2, S3, RDS, and VPC to enhance scalability, security, and cost efficiency.
Designed and containerized applications for deployment using Amazon ECS (Fargate) and EKS, optimizing resource utilization and scalability while ensuring seamless orchestration and management in a cloud-native environment.
Experience in Kubernetes for seamless orchestration, automation, and scaling of containerized workloads in a distributed environment.
Experience in Agile-Scrum work methodology in most of the projects that were executed from my end.
Implemented centralized logging using ELK stack (Elastic search, Logstash and Kibana) in existing EKS clusters for container logs as well as Kubernetes logs.
Configured and managed SIEM (security information and event management) tools like Splunk to monitor and respond to security threats in real-time.
Developed and maintained automation scripts using Groovy to streamline build processes, manage CI/CD pipelines, and enhance integration with Jenkins, resulting in increased efficiency and reduced deployment times.
Working experience in searching the logs using Athena by creating tables and queries with s3 as the data source of logs.
Implemented AWS Secrets Manager for secure management of sensitive data, including API keys, database credentials, and other secrets, improving overall data security.
Responsible for providing the design documentation, technical implementation, and providing cost optimization analysis with FinOps mindset.
Hands-on experience in setting up ARGOCD and deploying the Prometheus using ARGOCD to EKS clusters.
Skilled in utilizing Helm charts for streamlined and consistent deployment of applications across diverse environments within Kubernetes, ensuring efficient management and maintenance of deployments
Created alerts and monitoring dashboards using Prometheus
Experience in provisioning dashboards using Grafana
Experience in creation of AWS infrastructure using AWS CDK.
Creation of infrastructure in databricks using Terraform.
Have good knowledge and experience in working with layered architectures and enterprise applications.
Thorough understanding of software development processes and worked in Waterfall and AGILE methodologies
Worked with higher management at the strategic level to streamline the roll out of multiple projects.
Kick-off meetings to gather customer requirements.
Pivoting multiple geographic teams across multiple vendors for client.
Established DevOps process in the projects.
Responsible for Infra, DB and Application DevOps Support team.
Responsible for conducting Impact analysis, risk analysis and Retrospective meetings.
Responsible for setting out APP CI onboarding SNOW process.
Responsible for approving changes on AWS prod resources.
Responsible for approving Change request from Change Approval Board.
Responsible for creating reports for top management regarding issues, risk, and enhancements.
Design release management workflow and implement it.
Leverages AWS technologies continuously find ways to solve customer needs.
Optimizing the infrastructure/service cost by implementing technologies
Managing the development/planning/scheduling/budgeting of Cloud (AWS) projects
Planning of applications to go live on production
Daily and Weekly Candence with onsite stakeholders.
Demonstrating new technologies to offshore and onsite teams as per the business needs.
Ensuring security compliance among all the servers.
Tagging AWS resources using lambda functions.

SKILL SET:

Computer Software Type
Computer Languages / Tools
Cloud Technologies
AWS (EC2, VPC, ELB, S3, EBS, Cloud Watch, Auto Scaling, SNS, SQS,VPC, EKS, Athena, lambda functions)
Provisional tools
Terraform, AWS Cloudformation, AWS CDK
Programming language
Python, Shell Scripting, Groovy Scripting, Powershell
Logging and Monitoring Tools
AWS CloudWatch, Grafana, ELK Stack
Operating Systems
Linux, Windows
CI/CD
Jenkins, Github Actions
Containerization (CaaS) & Artifactory
Docker and Kubernetes, ECR, Nexus
Databases
Oracle, MySQL, and SQL Server, MongoDB
Logging & Monitoring Tools
Splunk, Grafana
NoSQL Databases
ELK, Amazon Dynamo DB
Version Control
GitHub, Bitbucket, GitLab
Secret Manager
Vault, AWS Secrets Manager

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

Master of Technologies in Software Engineering from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad in 2013

EMPLOYMENT DETAILS:

Employer
Designation
Duration
Accenture
Lead DevOps Engineer
05-Feb-2021 to 19-Jun-2024
Tata Consultancy Services
Systems Engineer
05-Feb-2014 to 01-Feb-2021

ASSIGNMENTS:

Accenture
Client: Salesforce
Role: Lead DevOps Engineer Feb 2021 to Jun 2024

Designing, implementing, and managing infrastructure as code (IaC) using AWS CloudFormation templates and terraform to automate the provisioning of AWS resources.
Developing and maintaining CI/CD pipelines using AWS Code Pipeline, Jenkins, or GitHub CI/CD to automate software build, test, and deployment processes.
Managing configurations and ensuring consistency across environments using AWS Systems Manager and Ansible.
Creation of workspaces, unity catalog, users and roles in databricks using Terraform.
Creation of Aws infrastructure like vpc, subnets, lambda functions using AWS CDK.
Databricks Application support for higher environments.
Building, deploying, and orchestrating containerized applications using CaaS mechanism like Docker and managing them with Amazon ECS or Amazon EKS.
Managing and maintaining Kubernetes clusters on AWS, ensuring high availability, scalability, and reliability. Performing upgrades, patching, and monitoring of Kubernetes clusters to ensure optimal performance and resource utilization.
Utilizing Helm to package, version, and deploy applications to Kubernetes clusters, streamlining the deployment process and ensuring consistency across environments. Implementing ArgoCD for continuous delivery of applications to Kubernetes, enabling GitOps workflows for declarative configuration and automated deployments.
Maintained the infra management for GitHub actions to maintain the underlying infrastructure for selfhosted runners, ensuring they are secure and scalable, Optimize workflows for performance, including setting up caching strategies and parallel jobs.
Implement monitoring solutions to track the performance and health of CI/CD (GitHub actions) pipelines and generate reports for stakeholders. Ensure that workflows adhere to security best practices, such as proper use of secrets and avoiding potential security vulnerabilities in actions.
Setting up monitoring and logging solutions using AWS CloudWatch, AWS CloudTrail, Prometheus.
Attend project meetings, knowledge transition meeting and internal support meeting.
Ticket monitoring for respective support area and communicate with customer for additional information and status update
Work on resolution of tickets as per priority and perform requests, recovery, data fix etc.
Take part in planned or unplanned maintenance activities, Project go live
Follow incident management and change management processes.

Tata Consultancy services Dec 2019 -Jan 2021
Client: Cisco
Role: Systems Engineer

Creating GitHub repositories and onboarding team members.
Experience in writing GitHub workflows for deploying big query datasets in cloud, deploying sql scripts onto Postgres SQL database in cloud, creating cloud functions, creating topics in pub/sub and creating API-gateway.
Experience in writing workflows that performs maven build, ant build and moving artifacts to Nexus and cloud.
Experience in writing workflows that deploy salesforce components in their sandboxes.
Application builds and test activities for dev, qa, prod.
Conducting KT sessions to Application teams about pipelines.
Creating azure boards and onboarding team members, creating project administrators and scrum masters onto Azure devops transformation boards.
Followed Azile work model and attend scrum ceremonies like Daily standup, weekly connect with leadership, Sprint Planning, Sprint reviews, Sprint retrospectives, User Story Grooming, team capacity planning.
Maintaining Devops Technical design document up to date with all the pipelines.
Updating build sheet for creation of infrastructure in AWS.
Maintaining artifact repository with all third-party libraries used by the pipelines.
Performing various upgradation activities for the VMs like migration bastion host from Ubuntu to RHEL.
Handled Build and Deployment of applications in all four environments dev, itt, uat and prod using Jenkins.
GIT maintenance, Branch configuration, Merges and Versioning.
Build & Deploy process for major flex releases
Generating Sonar and Appscan reports
Cleaning scripts for Maven repos
IMD follow up for deployments

Tata Consultancy Services Feb 2014 - Nov 2019
Client: Adobe
Role: System Engineer

Implemented CI/CD workflows using Jenkins.
Monitor CPU utilization, disk usage, Memory usage and instance health checks for EC2 instances in AWS through Prometheus.
Track metrics like CPU and memory utilization, database connections, and query performance for Databases.
Track function invocations, execution duration, and error rates for Lambda functions
Monitor object counts, data transfer rates, and request latency for S3 buckets
Monitor traffic and network access of endpoints in VPC
Track progress of cluster, storage issues of EMR cluster
Setting notifications for ACM SSL certificate expiration
Services Uptime/Health Checks/Failure etc if any on EC2 Instances.
Check the running Bills for all AWS resources in PROD and Dev.
Suggest how to reduce the Billing.
Enable chat or mail notifications for service and Infra Warning/Critical.
Set the threshold for the services.
Check Security updates on all machines and report.
Managing snapshots and volumes
Update and maintain Jenkins server
Contact this candidate