






























 Chandra Deepthy Devarapalli 
 

Ushasree PG Accommodation for Ladies Sy No : 93/4, 2nd cross, Tulasi Theater Road, Near 
Rekha Park Appartement, Marathahalli, Bangalore - 560037 

Email: chandradeepthy@gmail.com 
Mobile: +919742758086. 

 
 
Career Summary 

 Overall 4 yrs. of Clinical Data Management experience. 
 Currently working as Clinical Data Coordinator at Quintiles from APR-2014 to till date for 

RAVE and inform studies. 
 Experienced in project management and people management as a Data Operational Coordinator. 
 Extensive experience on all trial phases, starting from Set up – Conduct – Close out ensuring delivery 

of efficient and clean data. 
  Having knowledge of RECIST. 
 
Expertise:  

 Study start-up: Protocol review, testing Screens, Reviewing of edit check specification, e CRF 
completion guidelines document, Third party data handling guidelines, User Acceptance Testing 
(UAT), Data entry, Data set validation writing test cases and SAS listing validation. 

 Study Conduct: Query management, SAE reconciliation, Third party reconciliations, active 
participation in team meetings, performing comprehensive quality control procedures, provide 
solutions to any project related issues within data management, analyzing and implementing 
post production changes. 

 Closer Out: Performing the close-out Activities (Freezing, Locking the e-CRF, Preparing the clean                             
Patient tracker). Preparation of required Documents (Data base lock plan, Data base lock check 
list, Database lock plan) 
 
 

Therapeutic Experience 

Study Phase            : Phase 2   

Indication                : Gastroenteritis   

Study Phase            : Phase 4   

Indication                : Lymphoproliferative 
disorder 

  

Study Phase            : Phase 2   

Indication                : Multiple Sclerosis   



Study Phase            : Phase 2   

Indication                : Immunology.    

 
 

Key Responsibilities:  

 Understand and comply with core operating procedures and working instructions.  
 Developed and maintained good communications and working relationships with data 

management team and cross-functional teams.  

 Performed data management activities required as per the protocol & instructions. 
 Involved in reviewing clinical trial database design including User Acceptance Testing (UAT). 
 Provided input in writing study specific validation checks and Involved in review and 

development of Data validation plan documentations. 

 Ensured completeness and validity of the clinical trial data after data entry. 
 Reviewed and resolved data discrepancies identified by the system or through manual checks as 

identified in the data editing guidelines. 

 Performed 3rd party and SAE reconciliation. 
 Identified and raised clinical data discrepancies on time. 
 Generation of various reports as per study requirement. 
 Extensively followed-up with the sites in resolving outstanding queries. 
 Involved in Locking of studies without any quality issues. 
 Trained new resources to perform data validation until they are capable of working 

independently. 

 Supporting DTL (Data Team Lead) in all DM activities. 
 

Expertise and Skills 

 RAVE. 
 Inform 4.6, Inform 5.5. 
 Having Knowledge in RECIST. 

 MS word, MS office, MS Excel, Power point 
 
 
 

 
 

 



 
 

 
 

Previous Employment History 

 

Date of Employment: 01/2009 - 01/2011 
Name of Employer: National Institute Of Nutrition 
Job Title: Sr.Technical Assistant. 
Key Responsibilities: Analysis of food samples and reporting. 

 
Date of Employment: 01/2007 - 01/2009 
Name of Employer: Quest Diagnostic Centre 
Job Title: Lab assistant 

 
 
 
 
 

Educational qualification 

Degree Institute Year 

M.Sc-MarineBiotechnology                         Andhra university, India 2005-07 

   

B.Sc.- Biotechnology 
                   Kavitha Memorial Degree Collage,Kakatiya 

University, India 2002-05 

 
 

 
 

I hereby declare that information given is true to the best of my knowledge.         
 

 Date:  20-APR-2018                                                             Chandra Deepthy D 


