































resume_Customer Service-Customer Service Representative-2018-05-13


SUKHDEV SHARMA

10 years 4 months experience

July 04, 1987

Chandigarh,Punjab

+91.6280118341

sukhdev.sukhi1987@gmail.com

Sukhdev Sharma

Panjab university
Correspondence studies
Chandigarh, Chandigarh

Graduated, December 2008
Marks 60 %

Hotel mgt. and catering institute
Punjab technical university
Chandigarh, Chandigarh

Completed, June 2007
Marks 75 %

Govt model sr. sec. school-21
CBSE
Chandigarh, Chandigarh

Completed, May 2005
Marks 75 %

Govt model sr. sec. school-21
CBSE
Chandigarh, Chandigarh

Completed, May 2003
Marks 54 %

Customer service / Relation executive
Passionate in the belief that Customer service executive is essential to the growth and success of an
organization that wishes to scale and achieve higher levels of profitability. Proven track record in
successful customer service management and implementations. Aggressive and determined to find
the strengths and weaknesses of both employees and an organization’s culture so as to improve the
productivity and profitability of a company. Experience 10 years.

Bachelor of Arts, Arts and Humanities

Diploma, Hotel management

Intermediate, Arts

High School, General studies

 

 

About Me

Education



April 2014 - November 2017

April 2010 - March 2014

April 2009 - March 2014

customer service manager
Abela & co.
dubai, dubai 
United Arab Emirates

My duties & responsibilities during work:
Report for duty punctually for every shift, in complete, clean uniform and sign in with the line
manager.
To have a good knowledge and understanding of all food and drink menus and an indepth
knowledge of those for my department to ensure the best service for the customer.
To prepare the restaurant for service following the established checklists for my role and as
directed by the Duty Manager.
To communicate with the Duty Manager regarding any problems or issues with equipment,
stock or with customers.
To serve food and drink, consistently achieving the established agreed standards of service.
To ensure that a high standard of hygiene and cleanliness is maintained by following cleaning
schedules and ongoing diligence during the shift and in set up and clean down.
To attend training sessions and team meetings as required and to be involved and contribute to
these.

 

Office manager
Advance Enterprises (Voltas authorized dealers)
Chandigarh, Chandigarh

Organising and attending meetings.
Using a variety of software packages such as online filing systems.
Booking transport and accommodation and arranging appointments for staff members.
Dealing with correspondence, complaints and queries.
Preparing letters, presentations and reports.
Supervising and monitoring the work of secretarial, clerical and administrative staff.
Managing office budgets.
Liaising with staff, suppliers and clients.
Implementing and maintaining procedures/office administrative systems.
Delegating tasks to junior employees.
Organising induction programmes for new employees.
Ensuring the office environment and procedures meet health and safety regulation standards.
Handling staff recruitment and appraisals.
Keeping personnel records.

customer care executive
Contact bridge international
Chandigarh, Punjab

 Building up a Good Image and Rapport
 Effective and Timely Communication
 Handle Different Customers
 Make calls and follow up
 Always Maintain Good Telephone Etiquettes
Stay updated with the information about the company’s products and services at all times
To give proactive information related to any newly launched products and services of the
company to the clients

 Work Experience



January 2009 - March 2009

April 2007 - May 2008

Awarded as the top customer service representative for providing the customers or guests with
excellent service, by Abela & co. in 2016.
Awarded as a best customer care executive for being on top and achieving all goals and targets, by
Contact bridge international in 2009.
Awarded as a "Best Bean of a month" for providing best service to the customers and for preparing
delicious coffee, by cafe coffee day in 2007.

 
Able to achieve assigned duties with attention to detail, pace, correctness, follow-through, good
manners, cooperativeness and work separately
Experience in maintaining hotel/Restaurant standards, policies and procedures, prioritizing and
arranging work assignments
Good communication skills in English (speak, read, write) with guests, colleagues and organization to
their understanding
Expert in chemical handling properly and safely
Skilled in Hospitality and customer service role
Exposure to all-purpose maintenance and safety practices
Understanding of appropriate cleaning techniques, requirements and use of equipment
Flexible in work timetable together with weekends, nights and holidays
Can undergo a variety of physical movements throughout the work areas• Capabilities to lift,    bend,
stoop, take, push or pull heavy loads

customer care executive
Miran solutions international
Chandigarh, Punjab

 To have knowledge about the latest schemes and offers launched by the company
 To deal patiently with the customers. Even if a customer is angry or irate the call center 
 executive should speak politely with him
To coordinate with other departments for resolving customer’s complaints and fulfilling their
requests
To take down the requests received for activation/ deactivation of any service from the clients
and forward the same to the team handling this activity

Barista/Team member
Cafe Coffee Day
Chandigarh, Punjab

Welcomes customers by determining their coffee interests and needs.
Educates customers by presenting and explaining the coffee drink menu; answering questions.
Sells coffees and coffee grinding and brewing equipment by explaining differences in coffee
beans and coffee preparation machines; demonstrating how brewing equipment operates.
Generates revenues by attracting new customers; defining new and expanded services and
products.
Keeps equipment operating by following operating instructions; troubleshooting breakdowns;
maintaining supplies; performing preventive maintenance; calling for repairs.
Maintains safe and healthy work environment by following organization standards and
sanitation regulations.
Enhances coffee shop reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different
requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.

 

 

Awards & Honors

Skills



Achived all my goals in the field of customer service management as a customer service executive.
Always provided the customer with high amount of satisfaction.
Have been a part of company's growth.
Proven myself as a good team leader.

Tally Graduate course on Tally ees 6.3
Basics of computer application and MS office from COMPUCOM software ltd.
English typing course with 30 words/min.

Sports
Cycling
Riding bikes
Travelling

Father's Name: Mr. Vasudev Sharma
Birthday: July 04, 1987
Gender: Male

Marital Status: Married
Nationality: India
Passport No. R2358133, Expires 04/26/27

Address: Flat no. 202, Top Floor, Block-8, Shivjot Enclave, Kharar,
Distt. Mohali, Punjab-140301, INDIA
Chandigarh - 140301, Punjab

Sukhdev Sharma

Chandigarh , Punjab

Declaration

I, Sukhdev Sharma, hereby declare that the information contained herein is true and correct to the best of
my knowledge and belief.

English
Hindi
Punjabi

 

 

 

 

 

Languages

Career Highlights

Professional Affiliations

Interests

Personal Details


	SUKHDEV SHARMA
	About Me
	Education
	Work Experience
	Awards & Honors
	Skills
	Languages
	Career Highlights
	Professional Affiliations
	Interests
	Personal Details
	Address:
	Declaration


