

























Curriculum Vitae 
 
 

                                                                                                              ​Mobile No​​: 9886045900 
ShambulingaSwamy KS 
Email​:​​Shambu_cool@rediffmail.com 
 
Career Objective​​: ​​To prove myself as an asset to the organization by excelling through sincerity               

and hard work to work for an organization, which fosters innovation, encourages            
growth and where i can unlock my potentials to the best of my ability. 

                   ​Looking for Career opportunity in Back End process or any suitable position. 
 
Skills and Abilities  
 

● Extensive experience in customer service, both in person and by telephone, in the 
Telecom industry. An independent self starter. 

● Extremely productive in high volume, high stress environment and flexible to           
working time.  

 
 Educational Qualification: 
 

● Bachelor of Arts ​​from Bangalore University, Karnataka​-2004 
 
Professional Experience : Total Work Experience 7 years 
 

1. Working as Process Associate in ​Capgemini from May-2017 to present 
 

 
     Job Profile: 
  
  

● Ensuring the smooth running of basic banking transactions. 
● Handling customer queries over the email. 
● Verifying customer data. 
● Analyzing the data, whether to process and lodge a Bond or decline, this is based on 

set of business rules. 
● Bond claim: The amount lodged will be claim back by the tenants and property 

manager, claiming which need to verify the signature and to make sure if the payment 
can be made through cheque or direct credit. 

● Tenant Transfer: Processing in transferring tenants as outgoing and incoming by 
implementing business rules. 

● Property to Property: Transferring property to property by implementing business 
rules. 

● Repayment: Making payments to tenants or property manager as per business rules. 



 
 
 
2.       ​​Worked as senior Process Associate in​ First Advantage ​​(Jan-2015 to May- 

2015)-   ​Back Ground Verification. 
  

Job Profile:  
 

● Acting as client coordinator 
● Initiating cases for BGV as per client requirement. 
● Interacting with internal team for closures. 
● Providing Training for new joiners. 
● Handling team in absence of TL.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3.       ​​Worked as senior Analyst in​ Foot Prints Collateral Services Pvt Ltd for​​ (Aug-2010 to 

Jun-2012)- ​Back Ground Verification. 
  

Job Profile:  
 

● Screening of Employment Checks. 
● Educational background, Address and Criminal checks. 
● Worked as implant for client location 
● Giving induction to the new joiners regarding BGV(in implant) 
● Coordinating with clients for insufficient documents. 
● Sending reports to the designated clients. 
● Handling the clients in absence of Team Leader. 

 
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



4.  Worked as Senior front office executive in Vodafone for 3 years 
(Sep-2005 to Apr-2009)- Retail Shop  

 
     Job profile   :  

● Handling customer quires and complaints. 
● Selling Postpaid, Prepaid connection and Handset (Mobiles). 
● Training new Joiners on product knowledge and CRM application. 
● Handling cashier counter activities like bill payment and stock maintenances. 
● In absence of Shop Manager taking responsibilities of executive and shop 

maintenances. 
● Promoting Value added services like GPRS, Caller tune etc. 
● Sending MIS report (shop performance) Revenue and cost related reports on daily 

basis to the concern Dept/Manager. 
 
 Personal Profile : 
 

Father’s Name : (Late.)A.H Shivaiah 

Date of Birth : 22​nd​ Oct 1983  

Communication Address : #1443/14 Siri Nilaya,pipeline Road 
                                                           Vijaynagar, Bangalore – 560 040  

 
Declaration:  
 

I, hereby, solemnly declare that all the statements made above are true and correct to the                
best of my knowledge. If given a chance to serve under your kind control, I assure you that “I’ll                   
do my best to satisfy my superiors with the quality of the work 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:    
Place:​​ Bangalore                                                                               ( Shambulingaswamy ) 

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 



  


