













































Bajaj Vihar, WW2/9,

MANISH PREM GURUNG 

9871092411

mail2manish8@gmail.com 
Summary of Skills and Experience:- 

Over 8+ years of hands on experience in HR functions – Staffing, Performance Management, Engagement, OD Intervention, Analytics, Vendor Management.
I am strong at people management skills, building relationship, streamlining processes, proficient at handling multiple activities, etc.

Key Skills:-

	Recruitment & Retention
	Employee Engagement
	Talent Management

	Succession Planning
	Performance Appraisal
	Employee Communication Forum

	Policy Formulation
	HR Analytics
	Organogram

	Campus Hiring
	Competency Mapping
	HR Audit (Internal & External)


Experience Summary:- 

Currently associated with Pacific BPO Pvt. Ltd. as Lead (Human Resources) since Dec’15.

Company Profile:

Pacific provides innovative, effective and high quality Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) Services to Health Care service providers worldwide. We, at Pacific, offer a seamless delivery of services from our state-of-the-art facilities in India and the US that serve as Business Continuity sites for each other. Our outsourcing services help alleviate the risks and secure benefits through a structured, proven approach.
Job Profile:

1. Taking care of onboarding and handholding of new joiners.

2. Taking care of Corrective Action Policy (CAP) / Performance Improvement Plan (PIP) & Disciplinary 
Action Policy (DAP).

3. Taking care of corporate mediclaim & accidental insurance benefits.
4. Organizing Campus placement activity.
5. Policy Drafting, streamlining and improvising HR processes.

6. Taking care of Performance Management Process.
7. Taking care of retention and exit process.

8. Taking care of succession planning.

9. Handling employee queries and grievances.
10. Legal activities on absconded employees.
11. Part of Internal and External HR Audit.

12. Taking care of annual employee engagement activities from planning to execution.

13. Vendor management.                                

Worked with AKS Software Ltd. as Sr. Executive (Human Resources) Jun’15 – Oct’15.

Company Profile:

AKS Software Ltd. and it's international arm, Amity Software Inc., is a name with a long history founded in 1985. The organization is a CMMI level 5 assessed and ISO 9001:2008 certified company. It has pioneered in providing Software & Smart Card technology based products and solutions for different industry segments and applications ranging from Banking to Retail as well as commodity industry like Tea and Sugar, to Environment Conservation and Health.
Job Profile:

14. Handling the entire recruitment life cycle from sourcing, screening, hiring, offer out till                                

      post offer follow-up.

15. Conducting employee engagement activities like Birthday celebrations, Fun activity on floor.

16. Handling Employee Queries.

17. Conducting background verification check through third party.

18. Vendor Management.

Sep’2012 – Jul’2014 at Lupin Limited (R&D)

Employee Relation Specialist (Human Resource)

Company Profile:

Lupin Limited is among the top five pharmaceutical companies in India. Lupin is dedicated to delivering high-quality, branded and generic medications trusted by healthcare professionals and patients across geographies. 

Job Profile:

19. Onboarding of new joinees.

20. Campus Recruitment.

21. Organogram Chart (Reporting metrics).

22. Target settings, Probation discussion.

23. Updating stakeholders on attrition trend.

24. Assigning workflow to new joinees and Updation of employee master.

25. Handling employee grievances.

26. Handling exit Interviews.

27. Supervising of entitlements.

28. Monthly reports, Attrition Reports, HR dashboard.

Aug’2008 – May’2012 at Sparsh BPO Services Pvt. Ltd.

Senior Executive – Employee Relation (Human Resource)

Company Profile/Job Profile:

(Sparsh a subsidiary of Intelenet Global Services Pvt. Ltd., Web: www.sparshindia.com)

Growth:

Promoted to Senior Executive (Yr 2010)

Started as Officer – Recruitments (Yr 2008)

I have been handling Staffing, Employee Relation, Employee Engagement, Induction, Performance Appraisal, Retention and Attrition Analysis, Exit Interview, Handling Employee’s Grievances, HR Reports, etc. for the two telecom process in two different site with a headcount of 400+ employees.

As Employee Relation Executive handled below activities:

Key Responsibility Areas:

2 Organisation Development Intervention:

Conducting Induction, Open House, Skip Meeting and POFF (Post Orientation Feedback).

Weekly Fundoo Activities on Floor, Monthly Rewards & Recognition Programme, Annual Function, Birthday Celebration, Star Performer Award, ..etc.

3 One to One with EWI cases, unscheduled absenteeism calling, Policy Refresher and Road-Show.
4 Conducting Exit Interviews and Sharing Exit Interview Analysis with the stake holders.

5 Engagement budget planning and publishing the annual calendar.

5 Succession planning and Resource movement as per the process requirement.

6 Liaison with payroll team for settlement of FnF (Full and Final Settlement).

7 Conducting Exit Interviews.

7 Handling employee queries on salary, medical, leave and statutory compliance. 

10 Target setting, Probation feedback, PMS. 

11 Issuing warning letter and termination letter under the CAP (Corrective Action Policy) and           DAP policy (Disciplinary Action Policy). 

14 Preparation of Daily Reports, Weekly Reports and Monthly Dashboard. 

As Recruiter handled below activities:

Key Responsibility Areas:

1 Vendor Management.

2 Vendor Billing.

3 Delivered two telecom pilot ramp-up in Pune (150 seats) and Dehradun (450 seats).

4 Liaison with Training Institutes/ Manpower Placement Consultants for hiring.

5 Job Posting, Mass Mailing and SMS’ing.

2 Actively participated in job fairs organized by consultant within and outside Pune.

3 Coordinating with operations and training for manpower planning plan for every month. 

4 Understanding the job specs and aligning the same with deficit in headcount.

5 Maintaining hiring tracker.

Achivements: 

1 Handled and delivered challenging assignments of 700 Seater inbound process transition in a new site for Sparsh in Dehradun (Uttaranchal). 

2 Successfully completed two telecom ramp-up.

3 Won the award for Best Performer in year 2009.
4 Awarded Employee Of The Year 2017 @ Pacific BPO Pvt. Ltd. 

Training Attended:- 

1 Attended a week workshop on HR Connect at Intelenet Global Services Mumbai.

2 Attended Two day workshop on MBTI @ Lupin Learning Centre.
3 Attended workshop on self-awareness @ Lupin Learning Centre.
Educational Qualification:

· Siddhant Institute of Business Management 

   
MBA (HR) 2007 

   
Pune University 

· Dr. D.Y. Patil College 

   
B.A (Geog.) 2005 

   
Pune University 

IT Knowledge: 

· MS Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Words, Outlook)

Personal Details: 

Father: Mr. PBR Gurung

Mother: Mrs. Neeru Gurung
Date of Birth: 09 Dec 1983

Passport : Yes 

I hereby declare that the above-furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge. 

Manish Gurung 

