















































Venkatesh Sajjanapu

				                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                 

Srivastav Susheel Jashwal


	Email: srivastavsusheel.j@gmail.com

	Mobile: +91-9700856261





SOFTWARE ENGINEER 

Fresh insight and great passion for innovation to excel in career. Exceptional team working capabilities inspiring the team towards higher levels of achievement. Technically sophisticated with quick solutions to challenging problems. Maintain excellent relationship with clients using good interpersonal/communication skills.






TECHNICAL SKILLS

Web Technologies    : HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap3, angular 2, Jquery ,
                                     MdBootstrap , Ionic 2
                                                  
EDUCATION AND TRAINING

· MCA in , Vaagdevi Degree and Pg College, KU University, TG in 2014 with 65%.

· B.sc(Electronic) in ,Chaitanya Degree College , KU University,TG in 2011 with 60%

· Board of Intermediate (MPC) From A.V.V College, TG in 2007, with 60%.

· Secondary School Certificate (SSC) from Indian High School , Warangal, TG in 2005 with 80%

     
Professional experience:



Company Name:    TechMahindra
Designation:      Associate Designer
Duration:    June 25th  2016  to Aug 28th 2017 (2+ years)


Professional Summary
· 1+ years of extensive experience in User Interface applications and professional web applications using HTML 5, CSS3, JAVASCRIPT, AngularJS, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, BOOSTRAP.
· Creating animations dynamically by using CSS3, JAVASCRIPT and JQUERY.
· Experience on working with CSS Layouts, positioning, text, border, margin, padding, table, Pseudo classes, and pseudo elements. 
· Developing business logics for applications as per requirement 
· Worked with teams where enhancements are required and perform unit testing.
· Good communication skills, with the ability to convey concepts/requirements between technical and non-technical stakeholders.


Tech Mahindra Experience Summary: 

Projects: GSK Presentations
 	
	 Customer
	 Glaxo Smith Kline

	 Role
	 Associate Digital Designer

	 Period
	 June – 2016 to Aug 2017

	Technical Skills
	 HTML-5, CSS-3, JAVASCRIPT, AJAX,   
  JQUERY, BOOTSTRAP, Angular 2





Objective:-	
 Wide experience in digital designing for diverse projects in Closed loop marketing. Extensive knowledge and hands on experience of working programming languages. Well developed sense of aesthetics and visual communication in the span of my professional journey. Good communication, coordination and organizational skills. Excellent problem solving skills. Ability to multitask and work under stringent deadlines without compromising on quality. 


Role & Responsibilities:-

1. Assist and support developers in aspects of software development lifecycle.
2. Develop system architecture, design and code in accordance to the clients' requirements.
3. Coordinate and collaborate with other team members to design, build and manage web sites.
4. Perform object oriented programming and database creation.
5. Optimize and customize existing products as required.
6. Design and develop internet applications using HTML, JavaScript, Angularjs, Jquery and XML.
7. Developing framework for the Web Pages which works on ios and other third party apps



Professional Interest:

Mobile Applications, Desktop Application, Cross Browser Compatibility Applications, Very much   interest in User Interface Apps




PERSONAL INFORMATION

 Father Name	:  S.Ravinder Jashwal,
 Date of Birth	:  9th May , 1989,
 Address	:  H.No 16-9-370/1, Kuppalgutta,
                         	   Warangal, 506002.    






I am confident of my ability to work in a team as well as an individual. I declare that all the information mentioned above is true to the best of my knowledge.








Place: Hyderabad
Date:								S. Susheel Jashwal
Srivastavsusheel.j@gmail.com
