



















































	 +91 9008190768                                                                                              jyothijn66ba@gmail.com                                                                                                               

Jyothi J Nayak

An enthusiastic & high energy driven professional targeting challenging assignments in Accounting and analysis with a reputed organization

Industry Preference: Accounting and Analytics
Location Preference: Nagpur





	 Key Skills
	 
Profile Summary

· 01 Year 4 months of experience with Zyme solutions in Data analysis handling three different Clients. 
· An acting Team Leader responsible for a Team of 3 subordinates. 
· Responsible for Knowledge Transfers of 3 new Team mates.
· Quality Auditor for queries processed by the advisors and providing regular feedback to avoid future errors or escalations. 
· Process Trainer for new entrants coaching on system and written communication.
· An efficient Team Player with ability to adjust to the team and Business requirements.
· A keen communicator with honed interpersonal, problem solving and analytical skills; a quick learner with skills to meet deadlines.


	Client Interaction/Relationships 

Quality Assurance

Training and Development

Employee Relations

Team Player

Quick Learner


	

	 Education

· Bachelor of computer applications from Cauvery degree college, Kodagu
· Intermediate from Vivekananda Pu college
· Schooling from Mathrumandali high school, Mysore




 Career Timeline

	2016
Bachelor of computer applications


June 2016 till Date
working in Zyme solutions

	







 Soft Skills

Planner 

Motivator 

Communicator 

Collaborator 

Change Agent              





	Work Experience
	


	Since June’23 with Zyme solutions as analyst


Significant Accomplishments:
· Won best comer Award for consistent performance for the year 2016-17.
· Won 1 time Spot Award for best performance.
· Won 2 time Extra Miler Award for consistency in Quality & Production.
· Won 4 times Star of the Week Award for best performance




Date of Birth: 19th July 1994
Languages Known: English, Kannada, telugu, corgi, Hindi
Current Address: #40 Deepak, manjaunatha nilya, krs gowda ext , hmt layout Bangalore 560073
Permanent Address: #40 Deepak, manjaunatha nilya, krs gowda ext , hmt layout Bangalore 560073



	Declaration
           I hereby declare that above affirmation are true and best of my knowledge.




Date:11/1/2017
Place: Bangalore                                                                                                          Regards,
                                                                                                                                                                      Jyothi







