


















































RESUME

P.Manasa                                                                         E-mail:manasapitla3a7@gmail.com Android Developer                                                  Contact: +91-9515905534,9441618307                    
 
Carrier Objective:

To  pursue  a  challenging  career  in  Software  Industry  and  be  a  part  of  a  progressive  organization which  gives  an  opportunity  to  enhance  my  knowledge  and  skills  in  order  to  cope  up  with  the  latest technological developments and contribute in achieving the goals of the organization through quick learning, hard work, dedication and honesty.
Educational Qualification                                                
· Completed Bachelor of  Technology( B.tech )(2012-2016) from Avanthi Institute Of Engineering & Technology, under JNTU Hyderabad University having   72%.

· Completed Board of Intermediate Education in Kakathiya Ravi Junior College, having 87.8%, 2012.

Technical Skills:

Programming  Languages: Core Java, C, Embedded C

Development Environments:  Eclipse IDE, Android Studio

Tools: Android SDK Platform Tools

Operating Systems: Working with Linux, Windows 2000,Windows XP

Others: JSON, XML

Working Experiences:


· 1 Year of IT experience in Android Developer.
· Currently Working in Appstek Cloud Solutions Private Ltd.(May  2015 to Present)






	Projects :

	
Project # 1:     Narrasads

	

	Role		: Android Developer 

Technology 	: Android SDK, Android Studio, Eclipse.
	
Project # 2:   S2 Tennis

	Description:

Time is equivalent to money. Not everyone can actually cash the time. We thought why not create an interface which will provide a base to do.



	Role		: Android Designer

Technology	:  Android SDK, Android Studio, Eclipse.
	Description:  

Find Game Partners, Invite Your Friends To Your Court Reservation And Send Match Requests To Opponents. Book Your Court Online, Find Playing Partners And Opponents And Stay In Touch With Your Tennis Buddies. 








Roles and Responsibilities                                             

Design, Develop Layout Designs.
Responsible for the design, layout and coding of a Mobile Applications.
Coordinate with other designers and programmers to develop Mobile Application projects.
Assist and support in the upkeep and maintenance of Mobile Applications. Collaborate with   staff and teams to develop, format and deploy content.
Responsible for the design of client Mobile Applications right from conceptualization stage to its implementation.











Strengths                                                

 Excellent Technical Skill 
 Have expertise in working with various operating systems 
 Excellent Communication Skill



Personal Information:


Father’s Name         	      : 	  P.Manasa
DOB             	                 :   	  20-08-1994
Marital Status        	      : 	  Married 
Languages Known           :     English, Hindi and Telugu
Nationality                          :     Indian
Permanent Address         :     1-71/-,Sunket
                                                           Morthad ,Nizamabad.
                                                          Pin-503225.
                    

Declaration:

I do here by declare that the information furnished above is true the best of my knowledge.                              
   

 Place :		    			                                           Manasa Pitla

 Date :			                    
                                                                          





