


















































CURRICULM VITAE
Het Shah
G-404 Shantidham Flat,Nr.Hariom,Jain Derasar,D-cabin,Sabarmati,Ahmedabad-380019.
(M)---8866488419			
Email---shahhet311@gmail.com

Objective ---
To employ my knowledge and experience with the intention of securing a professional career with opportunity for challenges and career advancement, While gaining knowledge of new skills and expertise.
Education Summery ---
Institutional Qualification ---
	Course
	Institute/University
	Grade/Percentage
	Year of Passing

	M.com
	Gujarat University
	Running
	Running

	B.com
	Gujarat University
	60%
	2017




Other Qualification ---
	

	Exam
	Council
	Score
	Year

	IELTS
	British
	5.5 Band
	2016



Personal Details ---
Birth Date			--	03-11-1996
Gender				--	Male
Marital Status          	 	--	Single
Languages Known       	--	English,Hindi,Gujarati(mother toung)
Hobbies		  	--	Music, Cricket
Computer Knowledge   	--	MS office - 10, Tally Erp-9.0, Internet Explorar
Passport No & Expiry Date	--	N1395876  & 15/07/2025

Current Work Profile ---

· I have been working at Sanskrut Group of companies (Construction Firm) Ahmadabad since Aug -2016 as a Jr. Accountant.
Job Responsibility
· Dealing with all banking works.
· Accounting work in Tally Erp-9.0 Software.
· Handling the most administration work.
· Maintaining all General ledgers, Accounts Receivable/payable.
· Co-ordination with Chartered Accountant & Company Secretary of company.
· To watch out Some legal Matters.
· Coordinating in the preparation, maintenance of projected P&L Account and Balance Sheet as required by bank authorities and financial institutions.

Key Skills ---

· Good Communication in English.
· Business Leadership skill.
· Ability to deal with people diplomatically
· Willingness to learn.
· Preparing branch accounting,reconciliation with H.O.
· Good working Knowledge of VAT,Income Tax,CST & TDS.
· Can work in Night Shift.
· Have Yearned to become successful in Life.

Declaration --- 
· I, here by declare you that all above information is provided by me is fair as my knowledge and concern.

Date ---							                 Yours faithfully,
Place ---  AHMEDABAD					              HET SHAH			
