









































Microsoft Word - DANDU KALEEMMASTHAN


DANDU KALEEMMASTHAN  
+91 94401 67560 | kaleemmasthan@gmail.com 
 

To seek challenging assignment and responsibility through which I can maximize my potential, 
effectively utilize my skills and succeed in an environment of growth and excellence which provides me 
satisfaction and self-development and help to achieve organisational goal. 

 
I wish to contribute to my organisation as a key player in Talent Acquisition, On-boarding, 

Performance Management, HR Administrator and Employee Engagement functions of Human Resource 
Management by bringing creative and innovative solutions for driving continuous improvement both for my 
organisation and my own career growth.  
 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

TVS MOTOR COMPANY LTD 
Jan’2016 – Present (2 Year and 9 Months) 
Role: HR Business Partner - Emerald Haven Realty Limited (1 Year & 3 Months) 

  
My primary role in TVS Emerald, HR was holding complete Manpower Planning, Recruitment Process, 

On-boarding, Performance Management, Administration related work and employee engagement 
activities/programs.  

 

 
Role: Talent Acquisition - Lateral Hiring co-ordinator (1 Year & 6 Months) 
 
 My primary role in TVS Motor Company, HR was holding overall accountability for the “Lateral 
hiring” process to various levels in the company and Employee induction. Additionally, I supported all 
company-wide employee engagement activities/programs. 

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES 
 

Talent Acquisition: 
o Develop organization structure; take approval from the respective HOD / EVP for the structure. 
o Frequent interaction with the Hiring Mangers to understand the Job Requirements and defining job 

positions. 
o Source candidates based on the requirements using various sources such as Naukri, head hunters 

etc. and send the shortlisted candidate list to Hiring managers and their HODs to schedule 
interviews. 

o Personal interviews in coordination with department heads and EVP. 
o Coordinate company application form fill-up, pre-employment medical examination, psychometric 

evaluation tests, document verification etc. 
o Coordinate salary negotiation and CTC benchmarking, prepare hiring proposal, get it approved by 

management, generate offer letter and communicate the offer to the candidate. 
 
On boarding: 

o Coordinate on-boarding formalities such as orientation about the company, policies & HR 
processes. 

o Hire employees in SAP by generating employee numbers, update their records and digitize their 
personal files. 

o Handling Employees PF Transfer, ESI registration, Mediclaim coverage, Email ID creation, etc.  



 
Performance Management: 

o Release of target setting and annual appraisal forms to the eligible employees. 
o Make presentations, resolve queries, follow-up with the employees for on-time completion of 

target setting & self-appraisal, follow-up and assist managers for  
o On - time completion of appraisal etc. 
o Work on compensation increment to the employees based on the appraisal guidelines, generate 

letters, organize distribution of the letters & update salary in SAP system. 
o Release of online confirmation forms, follow-up for manager / HOD completion, assist them in 

completing the form and organize one-to-one review. 
o Work on confirmation increase, generate confirmation letters, organize letter distributions, update 

in SAP system. 
 

HR Administration: 
o Maintain employees personal files (incl. digital form) and records, communicate HR policies across 

the organization at all levels. 
o Coordinate transfer actions for employees, prepare transfer proposals, generate transfer letters, 

organize smooth transition of employees in their accommodation, commutation etc. 
o Handle internship activities for college students, employee wards etc. 
o Coordinate exit formalities, release exit interview form, organize exit interview with HR manager / 

head. 
o Coordinate full and final settlement for the relieving employees and generate relieving letter & 

service certificate. 
 

Employee Engagement: 
o Coordinate company events such as Founder’s day, Aayudha Pooja, Farewell functions, Birthday 

celebrations etc. 
o Organize health and well-being programs with the help of factory medical centre from time to time 

to ensure employees’ well-being. 
 

Background verification: 
o Conduct verification of candidates’ education and employment documents 
o Review the background check reports by the external agent and advise the appointing authority 
o Review and close disputes by following up with employee/candidate 

 
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS 

o Handled end-to-end recruitment of approx. 150 candidates at all levels. 
o Planned and conducted approx. 350 candidate interviews - both technical and HR panel 
o Planned and conducted 15 assessment centres for campus hiring in TVSM & TVS Emerald. 
o Worked on critical aspects of ‘TVSM Career Website’ project - planning and implementation  
o Handled validation & correction of employee data in SAP system and its interfacing with legacy 

front-end portals 
o Conducted ‘Reach Out’ activity in rural schools and colleges (AP and Telangana) to spread 

awareness about the TVS Collaborative Education Program 
o Planned and conducted company-wide sports activities under the ‘Sportitude’ program for two 

years 
  



EDUCATION 

Qualification Year Institute % Remarks 

MBA (HR) 2015 School of Management Studies, JNTUK Kakinada 67.5 First Class 

B. Tech (ECE)  2013 
SHAAZ college of Engineering and Technology, 
Hyderabad  

66.6 First Class 

HSC 2009 Narayana Junior College, Anantapur. 67.7 First Class 

SSC  2007 Sri Sai English Medium School, Bukkapatnam. 70 First Class 
 

STRENGTHS & SKILLS 

STRENGTHS  PROFESSIONAL SKILLS  PERSONAL VALUES 

 Communication – verbal and 
written 

 Rigor in Execution 
 Time Management 

 Flexibility 
 Self-discipline and motivation  

 Job site management – Naukri, Job 
Street etc 

 SAP – R3 HCM (HR) transaction 
(Basic)  

 MS – Office suite 
 Legacy HRIS tools  

 Honesty 

 Accountability 

 Customer centricity 

 Curiosity to learn new things 

 
   LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY     INTERESTS AND HOBBIES 
   English Professional   
   Hindi Professional     Trekking & Cycling 
   Telugu Native      Reading books 
   Urdu Native      Cricket 
   Tamil Speaking Proficiency     Listening Music 
 
 

PERSONAL INFORMATION 

Father’s Name : D. Usmanvali, 
DOB : 10th April’ 1992 | Male 
Marital Status : Single 
Address : D.No: 4/104, Bye Pass Road, Bukkapatanam, Anantapuramu, AP - 515144. 
 


