
















































Responsible for end to end recruitment selection –process.Developed and executed candidate-generation strategies using all available recruiting tools.Proactively identified, built relationships with and recruited passive external candidates via cold


PAYAL KOSAMBIA
payalkosambia51@gmail.com  •  www.linkedin.com/in/payalkosambia  • 9725514197 

PROFILE
A dynamic professional with 2.11 years of experience in HRM
broadly in Recruitment, Training and development, Employee
engagement activities, General Administration, Personnel
Management, and Employee relation. An effective communicator
with excellent relationship building & interpersonal skills. Strong
analytical, problem solving and organizational ability. Posses
flexible and details orientated attitude.

WORK  EXPERIENCE

Human Resource Executive
Bharti Soft Tech Pvt Ltd (Oct. 2015-Aug. 2018)

Responsible for end to end recruitment selection – process. 
Developed and executed candidate-generation strategies using
all available recruiting tools. 
Responsible for complete joining and orientation Formalities of
new employees. Maintained Database and Personnel File. 
Drafting different letters like appointment letter, resignation
letter, offer letter etc. 
Effectively represented the organizations business objectives
and global career opportunities to potential candidates. 
Collaborated with HR team to develop departmental goals,
objectives and processes. 
Assisted in monitoring/ tracking of employee relation issues
including resolution and follow-up. 
Monthly updating of the leave records of all the employees on
the bio-metric system and following up for the leave
applications with the employees. 
Assisted management in training and motivating employees. 
Scheduling and arranging training while coordinating with
external trainers and training programs. 
Developing employee engagement programs like Initiated and
administered a welcome-mail policy to all new joiners, Initiated
regular Birthday mailers & celebration policy. 

CAREER  OBJECTIVE

Seeking an important and
challenging role in an
organization where I can attract
with new people and show my
abilities. 

EXPERTISE

Employee Relation 
Requirement Analysis 
Employee Engagement 
Performance Management 
Talent Acquisition 
Team Management 
Human Resource Development 
Training and Development

SKILLS

Communication 
Fast Learner 
Focused 
Hard Working 
Multi tasker

LANGUAGES

English 
Hindi 
Gujarati



HR Intern
Digicable Network Pvt. Ltd. (Jun. 2014 - Aug. 2014)

Sourced CVs from job portals. 
Screened and short listed the resumes as per the requirements. 
Evaluated and discussed with the candidates over telephone
the job role. 
Scheduled and conducted Preliminary Interviews. 
Maintained the all kind of Candidates database separately e.g.
Selected – Not Selected Candidates, On-Hold Candidates. 
Done filing work. 

PERSONAL

Correspondence Address:  
203, Vardan Complex, Chhani
TP13, Vadodara - 390002 
 
Permanent Address:  Block no.
14, Jyoti Society, Godhra Road,
Dahod - 389151 
 
Date of Birth: 6th April, 1993

EDUCATION

Master of Business Administration,  
Major in HR | 2013 - 2015

Gujarat Technological University

Bachelor of Management Studies,  
Major in HR & Marketing | 2010 - 2013

S.N.D.T University


