














































Sandeep B. Pansare, (B.Sc. Agri, M.B.A. Marketing)
sandypansare555@gmail.com
Mobile: 9970797564
CAREER OBJECTIVE:                                                                                                   	
To utilize my knowledge and potential to work in growth oriented, leading organization, 
Where professionalism and perfection is respected and which provides ample opportunity 
Of continuous learning, growth and advancement.
WORKING eXPERIENCE		
1  Kanbiosys Pvt. Ltd                          
    Total Experience- June 2018 to Till Date
Designation- Sales Officer
Job Profile-
2   HDFC Life Insurance Ltd. Pune
    Total Experience- Sep 2016 to May 2018
Designation- Sales Development Manager – Corporate Agency (Banc assurance)
Job Profile:
· Sale Saving, Investment, Children & Protection Plan to the customer.
· Maintain the relationship to the Co-operative bank.
· To suggest the plan to co-operative banks customer. 
· Handling the customers. 
· Maintaining and enhancing client relationship by providing proactive, high quality client
service making it easy and preferable for client to transact business with HDFC Life .
3    Idea Cellular Ltd. Pune
Total Experience- Jan 2016 to Aug 2016
Designation- Sales Executive
Job Profile:
· Corporate sales and service in postpaid services like DATA CARDS, Corporate Users Group Plans according to needs of clients
· Provided updated solutions and promoted sales on vertical of EDGE Technology, 
2G services and 3G Technology.
· Exceptional and Proactive solutions to queries and concerns of clients.
· Provided Solution related to Telecommunication services of IDEA CELLULAR LTD.



4     Real Orgo Farmers Producer Company Ltd. Ahmednagar	Comment by sandypansare555@gmail.com: 
Total Experience – Sep 2014 to Dec 2015
Designation - Marketing Manager
· To sale the farmers product.
· Discuss the farmers for adopting the new techniques in the field.
· To guide the farmers for new schemes and technology.
· Solve the farmer’s problem.

5  HDFC Bank Ltd. Ahmednagar
Total Experience - Aug 2013 to Feb 2014
Designation - Sales Executive - Cash Credit, Business loan, FDOD
Job Profile:
· Involved in sales and services banking loan products such as cash credit, Business loan FD against overdraft. 
· Maintaining and enhancing client relationship by providing proactive, high quality client service making it easy and preferable for client to transact business with HDFC Bank.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION                                                                                 	
	Examination
	Board/ University
	Year of Passing
	Marks

	M.B.A.
	Pune
	2013
	58.64%

	B.Sc.(Agri.)
	MPKV
RAHURI
	2011
	70.08%

	H.S.C.
	Pune
	2007
	56.50%

	S.S.C.
	Pune
	2005
	42.40%



COMPUTER SKILLS    	

· Basics in Computer Application Conversant with MS Office, Windows & Internet Applications

projectS       		
B. Sc Agri. Project:  
1. Rural Agriculture work Research
2. Prepared milk & milk Products.
M.B.A Project:
Study of Retailers Satisfaction at CRYSTAL PVT. LTD.

pERSONAL dETAILs: 		
Present Address          : Flat no.5, DS Siddhivinayaka Apartment
                                        Gokul Nagar
                                        Dhanori ,Pune 411015
Date of Birth                : 16 Sept. 1989.
Hobbies and Interest    : Watching cricket, making friends, listening music etc. 

DECLARATION:   		
I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge. I will make it my earnest endeavor to discharge competently and carefully the duties you may be pleased to entrust with me.                                                                                                     

Date:   /   /2018									Signature

Place: Pune                                                                                         (SANDEEP B. PANSARE)
