











































My Resume

Navisha Pipada
JAVA Developer


navijain3@gmail.com
+91-7694863841
Experience Summary:

· Have been working as a JAVA Developer at ValueLabs Indore since past 2 Years

· Experienced in development and support Business Logic for Insurance Domain 

· Hands on experience JIRA, Tortoise SVN, Drools 5.4.0.

· Experienced with Oracle SQLDeveloper 3.1.07.42 and MySQL workstation 6.1.

· Experienced in JBOSS 7.1 and Apache Tomcat 7.

· Experienced in Maven 2.2.1.

· Experienced with Eclipse Kepler and Intelij IDE 15.0.2.

· Experienced with Agile process.

· Learned basic knowledge of insurance domain. 

· Earned certificate of excellence in work.

· Got appreciations from clients and management for handling escalated issues and solved multiple issues.

· Motivated to learn new skills and technologies as per project need. 

Technical Skills:
Languages/ Technologies
:
Java, J2EE, Hibernate, Spring, HTML,JSP, Servlet
Tools



:
Tomcat Server, Eclipse, IntelliJ, Jboss Server, Weblogic Server, Maven
Database Language

:
SQL (DB2), Oracle, MySQL
OS



:
Windows
Project Summary:
Project #1

Customer

:
Benefit Focus

Role


:
Software developer
Period


:            Sept-2015 to Current

Technical Skills

:
J2EE, spring, Weblogic, Oracle, IntelliJ, Web Services
Description

:
Working as JAVA Developer.
Worked on rules for various functionalities of Insurance domain on Drools.
Designing of Software Design Documents.
BenefitFocus is a benefit providing company. It provides online benefits (insurance) and connects employer, employee and carrier through a single platform on cloud. It provides integrated service such as elink, Payroll System management, HRIS management, report management services etc.  
Responsibilities:

· Coding and building logics as per business requirements to integrate system with custom functionality.

· Issue analysis and provide code fix solution.

· Unit testing through JUNIT test cases and functional testing.

· Documentation and writing requirement traceability matrix.

· Code check in and managing project status on JIRA.

· Provide training to newly join team members about system, standards and issue tracking techniques.
Educational Qualifications:

· Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology(2011-2015), from Mahakal Institute of Technology , Affiliated to RGTU with CGPA 8.0

· Higher Senior Secondary Certificate (12th ) 2010-2011 from M. P. Board of Secondary Education with 70.6% from  School of Excellence, Ratlam

· Senior Secondary Certificate (10th ) 2008-2009 from M.P. Board of Secondary Education with  84.6% from  School of Excellence,Ratlam.

· Trained in Java SE for 1 month by ValueLabs LLP trainer and Secured 1st position in exam

· Trained with insurance domain's basic knowledge for 10 days by BenefitFocus trainer.

Experience Detail:
ValueLabs Indore

:
Sep 2015 to Current Date

Total Experience

:
2 Years
Personal Details:

Date of Birth 

:
4 Dec 1994
Languages Known 
:
English, Hindi

Sex 


:
Female

Marital 

:
Status Single

Nationality 

:
Indian 

Affirmations:

I solemnly declare that the statements made by me in this form are correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. I understand that if any information given above is found false/incorrect, my candidature is liable to be rejected.

DATE : ___________________ 





NAVISHA PIPADA


