







































A few points to note


VIJAY TANDRALA   


         
Mail: vijay.tandrala4@gmail.com
Mobile: 7673966557
Experience Summary 
· 2+ years of industry experience in IT sector, experience in complete software development life cycle activities like systems design, analysis, coding, unit testing and integration.

· Hands on experience in developing applications using .NET
· Good Experience in software development with strong analytical and programming skills

· Proactive, self-motivated, ability to own the task assigned and a team player with good communication and interpersonal skills

· Understanding the Business Requirements of the Project.

· Complete adherence to the IQMS quality standards
Educational Details
	Bachelor of Technology
	(Electronics and Communication Engineering) from JNTUH 


	Board of Intermediate
	 VIVEKANANDA JUNIOR COLLEGE, Yellareddypet, Karimnagar 



	Secondary School Certificate


	SSC ZILLA PARISHATH HIGH SCHOOL, Kondapur.




   Professional Experience
· Working as a Software Engineer in Neerav IT(India) Private Limited from 14th April 2016 to Till Date.

Technology
Below is a list of important hardware, software products, tools and methods that I have worked with.

	Operating Systems
	Software Products
	Tools

	Windows 7 


	C#,Asp.Net,Sql Server,Java Script, CSS,HTML
	Visual Studio



Assignments:
	Project Title 
	Disaster Recovery Health care

	Client
	CVS Caremark, USA

	Description
	In RxCLAIM, when a disaster happens, each member has to call Customer Care and ask for a refill too soon override. In such circumstances Customer Care has to create a prior authorization in the system for each member who calls in. Manual intervention in handling huge call volumes is a labor intensive process and is prone to error and delays. Aetna has requested this functionality of RxCLAIM so that their members need not place a call to allow a refill during disaster circumstances.  Additionally, the MedD Team has requested similar functionality. The proposed solution to the problem outlined in Section 2.1 – Current State, is to create new screens to enter/alter disaster information and allow bypassing the Refill Too Soon edit for claims that would under normal circumstances, reject for RTS.

	Role
	Production Support and Maintenance

	Period 
	April 14th 2016 to Till date

	Responsibility
	· Directly interacting with the clients for giving support to maintenance
· Involved in Designing the Front End Development and Database

· Analyzing and designing solutions for the deliverables based on the requirements

· Involved in Development and Unit Testing

· Involved in performing Database Operations

· Involved in documenting preparation tasks



	Solution Environment
	Technology          :C#,Asp.Net,HTML, JavaScript,CSS
Database             : Sql Server
Operating System : Windows 7

	Tools
	Visual Studio


Personal Details
	Date of Birth
	12/04/1991

	Nationality
	Indian

	Marital Status
	Unmarried

	Address
	P.NO:11,Anand nagar Colony,Kondapur,500084


I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Date:

Place: Hyderabad.                      

           

                      
     (Vijay T)

