














































Mercy S Gaddam
Flat .No 203, Block II

Gayatri Nagar Apartments

APIIC Col, Jeedimetla

Hyderabad 500055

Email ID: mercy7g@yahoo.com
Mob: 8106735008

Career Objective:

To work in a challenging environment where I can experience personal growth and development and to be in a responsible position where I can noticeably contribute in the growth and success of organization.
Experience Summary:

· Thorough knowledge of Telecom processes. Experience in telecom processes like Virgin Mobile, Tata Indicom.

· Technical knowledge of handling technical backend desk in photon internet services.

· Experiencing in managing teams of about 20+ agents.

· Closely working with clients, attending con calls.

· Managing complete Photon technical backend desk.

· Regularly Coached agents & TL’s towards achieving team and organizational goals.

· Had a through control over performance metrics (Self and Team), like Service Levels, AHT, Customer Satisfaction. Ensured that every member of the team contributes to the assigned targets.

· Closely worked with the business to ensure reduction in revenue loss.

· Highlighted business challenges and ensured that there is a process (as and when).

· Close looped with support functions and ensured necessary support.

· Groomed Senior champs to handle the role of Team Leader (Assigned Responsibilities in managing teams). This helped improve their motto.

· Working closely with the client on improving the process efficiency laid down and thus reducing the revenue leakages  

·  Complete end to end responsibility of 

a. Customer care operations for both Prepaid and Postpaid.

b. Dealer Help Desk.
c. Setting the process in different locations.
d. Manpower Hiring for the Hyderabad location.

e. Conducting refresher trainings for champs.
Professional Experience:

Tata Business Support Services, Team Leader- Tata Photon (October 2010 to 21st Aug 2011)

a) Taken care of Technical backend process.

b) Handled a backend team of 22 members, who are responsible for processing complaints and handling the escalations through mails.

c) Monitoring the SLAs and making sure that not even a single SR is going out of SLA.

d) Auditing the SRs processed by the team members to improve the quality and increase the customer satisfaction.

e) Taking the ownership of presenting photon tech backend in circle reviews. 

f) Arranging the con calls with the circle teams to improve the SLAs.
g) Setting the targets to achieve SLA, Repeat%, CPS and FTR% of the process.

h) Escalating wrong closures of circle teams and the wrong raisals of SRs from frontend agents.

i) Escalating and doing follow up with clients to the resolution of the customer issues.

j) Set team goals and coach potential non performers in achieving team goals. Successful in improving performance of potential non performers.
k) Creating SOPs for routing the SRs to OBC.

l) Coached new TL’s towards achieving team and organizational goals.

m) Taken an initiative of reducing incorrect SRs and ensuring monitory benefits towards the process.

Tata Business Support Services, Team Leader- Virgin Mobile India GSM      (January 2010 October 2010)

a) Set the process in different locations like Begumpet branch and Kukatpally branch.

b) Handling an Inbound team of 20 Customer care champions and responsible for improving their overall performance that included managing absenteeism, bridging process gaps if any and streamlining the process.

c) Set team goals and coach potential non performers in achieving team goals. Successful in improving performance of potential non performers.
d) Creating SOPs for the newly launched GSM services.

e) Responsible for improving the FCR% of the process.

f) Coached new TL’s towards achieving team and organizational goals.

g) Handling newly formed GPRS desk and responsible for publishing SR analysis. 
h) Taking the responsibility of SR audits for the process. Highlighted “Delayed closures and incorrect closures.

i) Taken an initiative of reducing the no SR’s raised incorrectly and ensuring monitory benefits towards the process.

j) Constantly strived to improve the knowledge base (Know How) for Virgin Mobile.

k) Closely working with Virgin Mobile SPOC and highlighted business challenges.

l) Taken a responsibility of briefings.

Tata Business Support Services, Team Leader- Virgin Mobile India CDMA       (OCT 2009 till Jan 2010)

a) Promoted as a Team Leader through internal job posting. 

b) Accountability of 20+ Customer Care champions. Responsible for their overall performance of team.
c) Responsibilities included call audits and mentoring customer care executives to improve quality performance and to help the aligned team to reach set quality target and maintain once achieved.

d) Handled a Dealer Help Desk and ensured that all the Dealers issues are solved.

e) Trained the Inbound champs for Dealer Help Desk.

f) Identified senior champs and groomed them for the roles of Support champ / team leader roles.

g) Attended weekly calibration sessions to standardize feedback management.

h) Motivated team to achieve good performance.

Tata Business Support Services, Customer care Champion and SWAT member – Virgin Mobile India CDMA       (Jan 2008 – Sept 2009)
a) Handling Dealer Help line calls.

b) Taking care of team performance.
c) Floor Assistance.
d) Auditing Wrap-ups
e) Auditing calls.
f) Conducting Dipsticks.
g) Sending reports of audits to managers and Team Leaders.
h) Giving feedbacks to Champions.
i) Taking trainings.
j) Escalating the issues to clients.
Achievements:

· Received the Rock Star of the month award for 2 months.

· Received the Rock star of the Year award for quality.

· Has been selected as SWAT team member.

· Received the WOW award for the training Module prepared and for the training conducted for the Dealer Help Line.

Tata Business Support Services, Customer care  executive – Tata Indicom Process         (28th  March 2006 to 1st Jan 2008
a) Handling Escalations and Retention related calls for Karnataka Circle in term of customers who are unhappy with our services or who are churning out from the network.

b) Follow up of cases that are pending since more than a week and getting the resolutions for the same.

c) Back up for the EWT call and ICE calls.

d) Floor Assistance and RTQM in Karnataka circle in the absence of TL and updating the OATS of the team.
e) Auditing the calls of the new comers, auditing the Invalid SR’s and giving feedback
Achievements:

· Received the Star of the Month Award for the month of August and September.

· Received the award for Low AHT and Good Quality.
Sri Chaitanya Info Systems Ltd, Quality Analyst- T-mobile services (7th Aug 2005 to 27th March 2006)

a) Auditing the calls of the agents who have done out bound calls for sales of T-mobile and Sprint Nextel
b) Checking whether the sale is approved or not.

c) Sending the reports of the sales approvals to the managers for the incentives.

Educational Qualification:
	Examination Record
	Board / University
	Institution
	Year Of Passing

	B.com
	Karnataka University 
	Bangur Nagar Degree College
	2002

	
	
	
	

	PUC
	Karnataka Education Board 
	Bangur Nagar Junior college
	1999

	
	
	
	

	SSC
	Karnataka Secondary Education 
	Janatha Vidyalay
	1997

	
	
	
	


Personal Details

Name

 
 :
 Mercy S.G


Father’s Name

 :
 G.S.V.Rao


Date of Birth

 :
 12th July 1981


Sex


 : 
Female


Marital status
  
 : 
Single


Strengths
               : 
Faith in God, Sincerity and dedication towards work.


Languages Known
 : 
English, Kannada, Telugu, and Hindi.


Hobbies

 : 
Reading, Watching TV

Date:











Place:










(Mercy. S. G.)
