













































·

RICHARD RAJ J
64/18B, Pushpa bavanam Compound,

Kanmaikarai, 





       Mobile
:  +91 96260 72284
Madurai – 625 016. 




       Email
:  richur00061@gmail.com


                                        
Objective

To secure a challenging position in a progressive organization that would make the best use of my skills as well as to add values to the Organization.
Employment History

· Currently Working as associate in Sundaram BNP Paribas Fund Services Ltd. (R&T Agent Services – Mutual Fund), Madurai since April’10 to till date.

· 1.5 yrs experience with MEGA MART, Madurai as an Internal Auditor & Cashier.

· 1.5 yrs experience with THE MOBILESTORE, Essar Telecom Ltd., Madurai as Sales Manager.
Education


2004-07     
 B.Sc Physics :  48.43 %

 
 Sourashtra college (Madurai Kamaraj University)
                    Madurai.
2002-04      
 H.S.C (Bio-Maths) : 64.42%
St.Britto Higher Secondary School, 

 Madurai – 16.
2001-02         S.S.L.C : 87.2%
St.Britto Higher Secondary School, 

 Madurai – 16.
Technical Skills

· MS OFFICE

· Operating System : Windows XP – Windows 7.
Personal Skills

· Hard-working, dedicated professional

· Entrepreneurial self-starter

· Superlative communication and team-building skills

· Ability to manage multiple tasks in a pressured environment

· Exceptional versatility and adaptability

Other Skills
· Scheduling and Supervising staff

· Entrusted to process Investor records such as Name, Bank Details, Money handling, Asset Under Management Reports in Mutual Fund background

· Interacted with a variety of personalities while scheduling meetings regarding the process improvement

· Reconciled the daily Financial Transactions in Sundaram BNP Paribas Fund Services Ltd.,
Certification

· Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents – Mutual Fund Certification (NSE's Certification in Financial Markets(NCFM))
Achievements & Activities
· Team Spirit certificate from Sundaram BNP Paribas Fund Services Ltd., for the performance in the NFO February, 2011

· Led NFO processing team & got Team Spirit certificate from Sundaram BNP Paribas Fund Services Ltd., for the performance in the NFO March, 2011

· Leading Social club activities like conducting many competitions and have arranged for team outings.
· Many times stood on “Achiever of the month” wall.

Personal Details

Father’s Name
          :   
 K.James Robertson
 

Mother’s Name   

:   
 J. Jeyaseeli
Marital Status


:
Married

 

Nationality   


:   
Indian

 

Date of Birth
 

:   
03.Sep.1986
 

Permanent address

:
64/18B, Pushpa bavanam Compound,

Kanmaikarai,

Madurai – 16.
Languages Known   

:   
Tamil and English (Read, Write and speak)

 



           I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.

Place: Madurai -16.                                                                      (J. Richard Raj)

PAGE  

