










































                                        


Veeranjaneyulu.Bandarupalli
Mobile: +91 9640404241
E-Mail:Veru.anji@gmail.com
Career Objective:
Aspiring for challenging assignments as Financial Analyst / Business Analyst with a growth oriented organization

Summary of Qualifications:

Professional Qualifications: 
Completed M.B.A from RVR & JC College of Engineering with First class 
(Affiliated to Acharya Nagarjuna university), 2010 64%
Specialization: Finance (Major) & HR (Minor).

Educational Qualifications:
B.Com from SGHR&MCMR Degree College, 2008
M.E.C (B.I.E.A.P) with Second division, 2005
10th (S.S.C), 2003
Technical Skills:
OS            : Windows 98, Windows 2000, Windows XP.
Package    :  MS-Office 2000, MS-Office XP.

Tally9.2 ERP from Motive computer institute, Guntur in 2009
Professional Exposure:
I Worked as a “Financial Analyst” since June’10 to April’12 with the M.BaskaraRao & Co
Job Profile:

· Working on Financial Analysis for our Client KCP Ltd and KVK Energy.
· Financial Data Extraction & Analysis as per client requirement from Financial reports                                         
      published Qtly/Semi-annually/Annually

· Ensuring timely and proper reporting of all the Accounting records from regional offices.
· Carrying proper audit of Accounting Records and based on the same generating summary 
      reports using spreadsheets to assist management in better understanding of the same.

· Preparing Project Finance Reports.

· Preparing bills payable & bills process

· Preparation of treasury 

· Bank Reconciliation Statements

· Building financial models using spreadsheets.

· Reconciliation- Reconciliation of inter units Ledgers and intra unit Ledgers.

· Making Annual Returns for various units. 

· Follow up and taking into record of TDS receipts.

Project Done at MBA:
Completed Summer Project on “WORKING CAPITAL MANAGEMENT” from ‘SANGAM DAIRY, Vadlamudi, Guntur.  Duration: 2 Months.

Extra Curriculums: Participated in Inter college man-meet (Flywheel) won first prize in business quiz. 
Personal Information:

Date of Birth                           07.04.1988
Sex 



Male
Marital status


Single.

Languages Known

English, Hindi & Telugu.

Strength


Hardworking and positive attitude, Ability to handle new

tasks in more prospective manner

Weakness


Tends to take too many things on my own and belief                     



everybody quickly, Self Confidence
Hobbies


Playing puzzles, listening to music.

Reference can be raised upon requirement.
Declaration:

I hereby declare that all the above information is correct and true of my knowledge and belief.

Date :

Place:                                                                                          …………………………










(Veeranjaneyulu.B)


