














































ABHISHEK KALERU  
Mobile☎: +91-8790811385 
Email✉: kaleruabhishek123@gmail.com 
 
  

  

Career Objective: 
 

                                        To work on a challenging job profile which provides an opportunity to enhance my 

technical skills and knowledge this could provide an insight into my aspects so that it would be helpful in my 

career. 

 

 

 

 

Professional Experience: 
 

➢ Having 1.1 years of  IT experience in enterprise web applications development with using 

Spring Boot . 

➢ Good understanding and implementing OOPs and Collection Framework concepts. 

➢ Experience includes application development using Core Java and server side technologies 

like Jdbc, Servlets and JSP Programming. 

➢ Excellent knowledge and experience of developing applications Spring Core (Annotations 

and Declarative approach),Spring MVC (Annotations and Programmatic Approach), 

Spring Boot Web Service. 

➢ Knowledge of developing applications with Hibernate. 

 

 

 

 

Experience Profile: 

 

● Currently Working as a Software Developer at Beta bulls Technologies, Hyderabad  

 

 

 

Educational: 
 

➢ B.tech  in  Electronics and Communication Engineering from Aurora technology and research 
institute  affiliated by  JNT University Hyderabad with 60% in the year 2017.  

 

 

 

mailto:kaleruabhishek123@gmail.com


Technical Skills: 
 

Operating System Windows Family 

Programming Languages Java 

J2EE  Technologies JDBC,  JSP, Servlet 

Frameworks Spring ,Spring Boot,Hibernate. 

Internet/ Web Technologies HTML 

Databases MySQL 

Application/ Web Servers Apache Tomcat 

IDE Eclipse, STS 

Tools Maven ,Trello,Mysql Workbeanch. 

 

 

 

Project Experience: 
Project #1: 

 

Project Name  :  PIR(Positive Influence Research) 

Client               : Mike Aaron 

Team Size        : 2 

Role                  : Developer 

Duration          : February 2018 – Till Date 

Environment   : JSP, Spring Boot, MySQL, Tomcat, STS 

 

Description: 

 

The project contains three roles admin, employee and client. Client sends order request to admin 

and admin can accept the request based on payment status and service agreement, and the order is assign to 

employee. Employee will finish the work by uploading the files which will be send to client and admin. 

client, admin, employee will communicate through chat mechanism. Admin has authorities to access all 

information in application, create new employee and reject employee from employee list and  client from 

client list, create sub order list based on order and that order will be distributed to the particular  employees 

concerned.  

 

 

Responsibility: 

 

• Analysis to defined requirements and functionality definitions 

• Involved in understanding and analyzing the requirements, and development of various modules in 

different releases. 

• Completed Employee related MVC operations. 

• As part of coding worked on Controllers, Spring boot , Service and Persistency layers. 

• Implemented the application using Spring Framework which is based on Model View Controller design 

pattern. 

• Involved in database design. 

 

 



Personal Details: 
 

Father’s Name:          K. Srinivas  
Date Of Birth:             25 Oct 1994  
Gender:                     Male 
Nationality:                INDIAN  
Languages Known:      Telugu, English, Hindi 
Linkedln Profile:          in.linkedin.com/in/abhishek-kaleru   


	ABHISHEK KALERU

