














































P


   PR.VALLIAMMAI  
B 56,5th Street 

Transport Nagar, Kalanivasal, 

Karaikudi - 630002 

Mobile No: +91 - 9360155996 

E-Mail: vallikiruthika17@gmail.com 

 

 

Seeking challenging entry level assignments in Information Technology  

with an organization of high repute like yours. 

 

A BRIEF OVERVIEW 

 A budding professional with extensive conceptual knowledge in Information Technology and 
Systems. 

 Demonstrated exposure in full life-cycle implementations with skills in executing Software 
Development Life Cycle (SDLC) in compliance to quality standards. 

 Exposure in end-to-end development of software products, right from requirement analysis, 
study, designing, coding, testing, documentation and implementation using diverse 

technologies. 

 Resourceful in understanding of fundamental networking concepts pertaining to Data 
Structure, LAN and WAN, IT communication, troubleshooting and maintenance in multi-

platform environments. 

 Effective communicator with excellent relationship building & interpersonal skills; possesses 
a flexible & detailed oriented attitude with strong analytical, problem solving & 

organizational building abilities. 

 

ACADEMIC PROJECT : 

     Project Name     :  Enhanced scheme with packet filtering to alleviate DoS attack. 

     Duration          :  3 Months 

     Hardware Used : 80GB/above Hard disk, 512MB/above RAM, Pentium III/above processor. 

     Technology Used:  Windows OS 2000 and above, JDK 1.6, Java FX 1.3. 

Abstract           : 

 Conventional block-based multicast authentication schemes overlook the heterogeneity of 

receivers by letting the sender choose the block size, divide a multicast stream into blocks, 

associate each block with a signature, and spread the effect of the signature across all the 

packets in the block through hash graphs or coding algorithms. Another problem with block-

based schemes is that they are vulnerable to packet injection by malicious attackers. 

 Authentication is one of the critical processes in securing multicast in an environment 

attractive to malicious attacks. Basically, multicast authentication may provide the following 

services. In Data integrity each receiver should be able to assure that received packets have 

not been modified during transmissions. In data origin authentication each receiver should be 

able to assure that each received packet comes from the real sender as it claims. In 

nonrepudiation the sender of a packet should not be able to deny sending the packet to 

receivers in case there is a dispute between the sender and receivers. 

 All the 3 services can be supported by an asymmetric key technique called signature. 

MABS-B uses per-packet signature instead of per-block signature and thus eliminates the 

correlation among packets. The packet independency makes MABS-B perfect resilient to 

packet loss. 

mailto:vallikiruthika17@gmail.com


 

FIELD OF INTEREST: 

 Software Engineering.  

 Computer Networks. 

 

INDUSTRIAL EXPOSURE: 

 Undergone an Industrial Visit to HCL, Pondicherry. 
 Took part in an In-Plant Training at BSNL, Karaikudi. 
 

WORKING EXPERIENCE: 
 

 2014 & 2018-Worked as system admin in Sahayamatha Matriculation School, Karaikudi. 

Roles and responsibilities: 

 Creating and updating School website. 

 Making “E-book” to the school for better development. 

 Making Paper presentations for school oriented programs.  

 Maintaining school software’s.(Attendance, websites). 

 Designing Annual meet books, school banners and Invitation cards, Pamphlets for 
various programs. 

 Teaching to the staffs about smart class education. 

 Coordinating teachers and students with “e-examination” with their syllabus. 
 

 2013-Worked as smart class Admin in Little champ education private 

limited,Hyderabed.(Karaikudi branch) 

 2012-Worked as a smart Class coordinator and website designer in Leaders Matriculation 

Higher Secondary School,Karaikudi. 

SCHOLASTIC: 

 MBA (General) from Alagappa University – Karaikudi, 2014 with 65% marks. 

 B.Tech (IT) from Dhanalakshmi College of Engineering - Chennai, affiliated to Anna 
University – Chennai, 2011 with 75.16% marks. 

 H.S.C from Alagappa Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Karaikudi, 2007 with 
84.5% marks. 

 S.S.L.C from Alagappa Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Karaikudi, 2005 with 
84.5% marks. 

 

TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE PURVIEW: 
 

 Applications                       :   Microsoft Office (Word, Power point, Excel, Access, MS   
Outlook), Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver. 

 Programming Languages  :  C, C++, PHP, HTML, CSS, Java script, SQL, Oracle 
Databases,VB.net. 

 

SUMMARY OF SKILLS : 

 
 Excellent Communication Skills 
 Customer Relationship Management 
 Positive attitude towards work. 



 

 

PERSONAL SNIPPETS: 
 

 Date of Birth         : 20/08/1990 
 Languages Known  : Tamil, English, Hindi 
 Hobbies         : Net Surfing, Reading CSR Magazines. 

 

 Reference         : Rev. Sr. Jyothi, Head of Tamilnadu Province, CSST, Villupuram. 

AVOWAL: 

  I hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated, herein above 

are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 

Place    : Karaikudi.      

Date     : 15.04.2018       [PR.VALLIAMMAI]                          

           
 


