
















































Thapasya.m
Email-ID:thapasyakrishna0@gmail.com
Phone: +919894230191



OBJECTIVE
Seeking for a good opportunity where my knowledge can be utilized and further develop. Also to secure a promising position that offers both challenges and growth.
Professional Summary
Talented, creative and passionate yet organized professional with industrial experience in supply chain operations with more than 1.6 years’ experience at Hewlett Packard Enterprises.
Experience
Hewlett Packard Enterprices October 2015 - Till Date Chennai, India    

Acquired key skill sets and established work values as follows:
· Excellent knowledge on Microsoft - PowerPoint, Excel and Word.
· Practices good judgment and discretion while working closely with managers, firm’s internal departments and customers.
· Communication skills – Ability to convince while maintaining professionalism.
· Multi-task effectively – Prioritize independently and meet tight deadlines at all costs.
· Ability to work under pressure in, time-sensitive, fast-paced environments.
· Enjoying in taking challenges for achieving targets.

Technical Skills 
· Operating Systems – Windows.
· Tools: SAP GUI
· MS-Suite:  MS Word 2007, MS Excel 2007, MS Outlook 2007, 
Project: Order Entry Processing using SAP
· With 3 years of experience worked as Sales Support Management Coordinator – Level II at Hewlett Packard Enterprises.
Description: Incoming orders and order entry processing are important for the value-added in the MTO process. On receipt of an order, a significant amount of money may already be due. At the same time a series of activities are triggered in the enterprise, which unlike during quotation creation are binding. In the quotation phase, documents and data that are created can be included in the order, or are the order basis. The main phases of quotation processing are repeated here. The incoming order phase finishes externally when the order confirmation is sent to the customer. Internally, this phase is complete when the requirements are finally communicated to production and procurement or assembly.
Responsibilities:
· Supports day-to-day post-sales order transactions (e.g., credits, returns, order entry) and reporting of customer issues (e.g., specialized product builds, performance reports)
· Assists other departments and support groups (e.g., internal sales, audit, operational support and delivery) by reporting routine issues to the appropriate roles.
· Helps resolve minimally complex customer issues (e.g., distribution, pricing).
· Helps resolve order management issues for all product lines using basic subject matter knowledge.
· Managing Emails and coordinating with the customers.
· KPI were met with 100% TAT & 100% Accuracy.
Academic Profile
	Examination

	Discipline/
Specialization
	School/college
	Board/
University
	Year of Passing
	%


	
BSC IT
	Computer Languages
	CMS College, Coimbatore
	Bharathiar University
	
2015
	70%

	
Higher Secondary
	
Science
	Thiruvangad G.G.H.S.S Thalassery
	State Board Of 
Kerala
	
2012
	66.7%

	S. S.L.C
	S. S.L.C
	Thiruvangad G.G.H.S.S Thalassery
	State Board of Kerala
	2010
	78.9%


PERSONAL INFORMATION:
Name	: Thapasya.M
Date of Birth		: 18th May, 1995
Father’s Name		: Radhakrishnan.P
Nationality		: Indian
Gender			: Female
Martial Status		: Single
Permanent Telephone No:+919894230191
Language Known	 : English,Malayalam,Tamil and Hindi
Permanent Address	 : “ Thapasya ”, (PO) Ummanchira , Thalassery, Kerala 670649
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that all the information above mentioned is true according to my knowledge.
Place: Chennai
Date:									Yours’ Sincerely,
                                                                                                            
                                                                                                            Thapasya.M
