















































 

 

  1/3 

 
 
 

              Amit Kumar 
      

E-mail:amitkumar.etlsoft@gmail.com     Mobile.  +91 9075587496 
 
 
OBJECTIVE 
 

To establish a long term professional relationship with a firm where there is scope for organizational 

development and individual growth. 

 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 

 

 Having 3.8 Years of experience in Design and Development of Bteqs, TPTs, in Teradata and 

Unix. 

 And 3 + years of experience in the design and development of Extraction, Transformation and 

Loading (ETL) using tool Informatica Power Center 9.6, 9.1 & 8.5. 

 Experience in extraction, transformation and loading of data directly from different source systems 

like Oracle, Teradata, flat files. 

 Experience with Informatica Workflow Manager Window components like Task developer, 

Workflow Designer and Worklet Designer. 

 Working experience with mappings using different transformation logics like Expression, Lookup, 

Filter, Router, Union, Aggregator, Sorter, Joiner, Update Strategy, Sequence generator etc. 

 Experience in Performance Tuning of Teradata Bteqs, Resolving Spool Issues. 

 Experience in Performance Tuning the mappings and involved in source code review. 

 Designing the Unit Test cases and validating the data.  

 Preparing Deployment Guide for Deploying the Bteqs and TPTs. 

 Experience in Integration of data sources like Oracle, Flat Files. 

 Possess complete domain and development Life Cycle knowledge of Data Warehousing.  

 Knowledge of data warehousing techniques Star/ Snowflake schema 

 Having good knowledge of SQL, UNIX commands and Shell Scripting. 

 Having experience of Scheduling in Maestro TWS. 

 

 
EDUCATION QALIFICATION 

 
MCA from ITM UNIVERSITY in 2014. 

 
 
 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

 Working for Amdocs, Pune. From March 2015 to Till Date.  

 

mailto:amitkumar.etlsoft@gmail.com


 

 

  2/3 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 

ETL Tool   : Informatica Power Center 9.6 & 8.5 

Supporting tools  :   Toad, SQL Developer, Putty, AOTS, WinSCP, Rally, TDP,TWS  

Database   :  Teradata, Oracle11g 

Scripting languages  : UNIX/LINUX 

Operating System  :  Windows platform and UNIX/LINUX 

 

PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN  
 
Project #1   

 

Name   :    AIM Alliance LIMA 

Client   :    AT & T 

Duration  :   Jan 2017 to Till Date  

Role   :    Developer 

Technology      :    Teradata, Informatica Power Center 9.6, UNIX/LINUX, Oracle 

 
Project Description: 
 

AT&T is the leader in Smartphone and the Internet of Things (IOT) (one of the fastest growing 

technology trends). Its Data Warehouse is one of the largest data warehouse in the world, which is responsible 

for the vital data that is used to guide business and marketing decisions for the company. Because it touches 

nearly every area of the business and has been responsible for saving the company more than $1 billion since 

its initial implementation. 

 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
 

 Understanding the business requirements. 

 Involved in Creating Bteqs and TPTs in Teradata and Unix to perform SCD. 

 Involved in Creating Wrapper and KSH Scripts in Unix/Linux. 

 Involved in Creating Schedules in Maestro TWS. 

 Involved in the Performance Tuning in Teradata Bteqs, Informatica. 

 Involved in the extensive development of numerous mappings using transformations like Source 

Qualifier, Lookup, Expression, Aggregator, Filter, Sequence Generator, Update Strategy and 

Router Transformations etc in Informatica. 

 Involved in CR creation and DG (Deployment Guide) Preparation for deployments. 

 Involved in Unit Testing. 

 
Project #2   

 

Name   :    AIM Alliance Alpha 

Client   :    AT & T 

Duration  :   June 2015 to Dec 2016  

Role   :    Developer 

Technology      :    Informatica Power Center 8.5, Teradata, UNIX, Oracle 

 



 

 

  3/3 

Project Description: 
 

AT&T is the leader in Smartphone and the Internet of Things (IOT) (one of the fastest growing 

technology trends). Its Data Warehouse is one of the largest data warehouse in the world, which is responsible 

for the vital data that is used to guide business and marketing decisions for the company. Because it touches 

nearly every area of the business and has been responsible for saving the company more than $1 billion since 

its initial implementation. 

 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
 

 Understanding the business requirements. 

 Involved in Flat File, Relational File extraction & loading the data into target. 

 Involved in Creating Bteqs and TPTs in Teradata and Unix to perform SCD. 

 Involved in Creating Wrapper Scripts in Unix. 

 Involved in the Performance Tuning in Informatica. 

 Involved in the extensive development of numerous mappings using transformations like Source 

Qualifier, Lookup, Expression, Aggregator, Filter, Sequence Generator, Update Strategy and 

Router Transformations etc in Informatica. 

 Involved in CR creation and DG (Deployment Guide) Preparation for deployments. 

 Involved in Unit Testing. 

 

Project #3   

Name   :    Globe Optimus   

Client   :    Globe Telecome   

Duration  :   Mar 2015 to May 2015  

Role   :    Developer   

Technology      :    Informatica Power Center 9.1, Teradata, UNIX.  

 

Project Description: 
Globe Telecom is one of the leaders in Telecommunication in Philippines. They need to maintain its 

data warehouse for postpaid and prepaid. They get source data from its various source systems like NF , CYO, 
AMAXCE, SIMP etc. After getting data from source in the form of files, they load these files into stage tables and 
then with required business logic they load these stage into dimension and fact tables. 
 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
 

 Developed ETL mappings to load flat files into teradata stage tables and then to load dimension and 

fact tables using Informatica Power Center 9.1 

 Used most of the transformations such as the source Qualifier, Expression, Connected & Unconnected 

lookups, Filter, Router, Sequence Generator, Sorter, joiner and Update Strategy 

 Worked with the Mapplets to filter out unwanted data type mismatched data for different kind of data 

types like small int, big int, string, date etc .  

 Involved in Performance Tuning of the Mappings. 

 Worked with Preparation of  Deployment Guide (Deployment Plan Document)  

 Involved in fixing invalid Mappings and Unit Testing of developed mappings.  

 


