


















































Siddheshwar Mundhe						
Software Engineer                	                                                       Email : msidhum@gmail.com    
Pune, India                    		     		                             Contact No:+91-8275172284 
						                         			
                                                                
· Objective:
                     To work in the knowledge industry where I hope to make a significant contribution through my creative talents, acquired expertise & commitment to excellence.

· Professional Summary:

Having 2+ years of experience in the areas of Oracle and PL/SQL based applications using Oracle PL/SQL and SQL Technologies under Windows , Linux Environments (Shell Scripting).
Experience in relational database development using SQL and PL/SQL in various relational databases.
Hands on experience in writing, testing and implementation of the Stored Procedures, Functions, Exception Handling, Constraints, Triggers, Index, Views  at database level and report level using SQL, PL/SQL.
Experience in BMC Remedy Tool.
Excellent aptitude to understand and meet client needs.
Having good knowledge on UNIX and basic daily activities in production support.
 Involved in Development of the applications through Oracle using Pl/SQL created Tables, cursors and SQL Queries.
Well acquainted with Oracle base technologies like SQL, PL/SQL.
Extensive experience in Oracle and other utilities such as Microsoft Visual Studio2010, SQL Developer, BMC remedy Tool.
Having good knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
 Good in Understanding of Business logic and ability to work well as a part of a team and as an individual.
On Linux operating system Files and directory handling, Managing Local Linux Users and Groups,
 Linux File System Permissions, Monitoring and Managing Linux Processes, Analyzing and Storing Logs 
Controlling Access to Files with Access Control Lists (ACLs).
Ability to work in 24x7 environments, preparing root cause analysis and ensuring the action points.



· Professional Experience:

Employers: 

Outwork Solutions PVT Pune, India (Clint- IBM Pune)              Duration: May 2016 To Till Date
Working as Software Engineer.

Expires IT, Pune, India (Clint- IBM Pune)                             Duration: March 2015 To Feb 2016 Working as Engineer on Oracle Database Administrator (DBA) 

Project#
Web CRM- Vodafone India Ltd., INDIA
WebCRM application is a light weight and replica of the Oracle CRM Application built on VB.net. It is used to view data by customer care executives of the end user’s at mini, micro VF stores. As a telecommunication Domain CRM Applications maintains the end customer details, accounts, payments.
Responsibilities: 
• Involved in the whole life cycle of the project.
• Interacted with clients to understand their requirements.
•Developed back end interfaces using PL/SQL stored packages, procedures, functions, Collections,
 Triggers on Oracle 10g.
• Involving in Unit Testing, purging activities and Deployments
• Managed SQL tuning and optimization using Explain plan, Analyse, optimizer hints.
• Independently handling of Vodafone Web Applications for all Circles.
• Prepared root cause analysis for problems occurred.

Duration: March  2016 – Till date.
Title: WebCRM.
Client: Vodafone India Pvt ltd., INDIA.
Environment: VB.net Oracle 10g, SQL PLUS, PL/SQL.

Project#
POD(Proof of Delivery) this a individual application . It is used to the send Proof of Delivery  SMS through the application to end customer’s
Responsibilities: 
• Involved in corn job scheduling, monitoring the SMS work flow and WAS services  .
• Involved in the monitoring the report generation, maintaining the logs.
• Managed the configuration of SMS, SMS keywords in POD, Push SMS, OTA
• Involved in the whole life cycle of the project.
• Interacted with clients to understand their requirements.
• Involving in Unit Testing, purging activities and Deployments
• Managed SQL tuning and optimization using Explain plan, Analyse, optimizer hints.
• Independently handling of Vodafone Web Applications for all Circles.
• Prepared root cause analysis for problems occurred.

Functional Knowledge :
            Oracle Forms:
Created multiple master details forms.
Developed Multiple windows and content Canvases.
Worked with multiple data blocks, frames
Creating LOV and editors
Oracle Reports:
Developed multiple reports like Tabular Report, Group Left Report, Group Above Report, Matrix Report, Matrix With Group Report.
Published reports using URL, Command Line, Paper Layout and Web Layout.
Created multiple user defined templates and Parameterized Reports.
Developed multiple reports using SQL Queries, XML Quires and Text Queries.



· Technical Skills:

Languages                  :   ORACLE (SQL, PL/SQL) .
Operating Systems     :    UNIX (Linux), Windows 7/XP.
Tools:                         :    SQL-Developer, Forms Builder, Report Builder Visual Studio, BMC Remedy.


· Education:

	Exam
	University/Board
	Year
	Percentage

	B.C.S
	SRTMU, Nanded
	2014
	69%

	H.S.C
	Latur
	2011
	51.65%

	S.S.C
	Latur
	2008
	78.15%




Personal Details:
Date of Birth		 :    05th Jan, 1992
Nationality                      :    Indian
Marital Status		 :    Single
Languages Known	 :    English,  Hindi , Marathi



Declaration:
                                I declared that above all information is true & correct. If I got a chance, I will try hard to prove myself for good work and result orientation.



Location: Pune	                                                                     Siddheshwar Manohar Mundhe    

