



























Professional Summary

Skills

Work History

A P

Plot No.33 Flat No.2 Shere Punjab Society Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400093 •
Home: 9769067180 • Cell: 9769067180 • amrish.amerigo@gmail.com

Experienced Data Specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and
services industry. Skilled in Analytical Skills, Databases, Contact Centers, Market Research, Knowledge
Base, Intranet, Research, Performance Management, Information, Interpersonal skills, Proofreading,
Data Gathering, Repository, Reporting, Metadata and strong Information Technology professional with
a Bachelor of commerce focused in Management from Eastern Institute for integrated learning in
management.

Analytical Skills
Database
Contact Centers
Market Research
Knowledge Base
Intranet
Research
Performance Management
Information
Interpersonal Skills
Proofreading
Data Gathering
Repository

Reporting
Metadata

Data management
Team liaison
Self-motivated
Strong verbal communication
Extremely organized

Prospecting Data Specialist, 02/2015 to 03/2018
Gartner

To perform prospect development research for sales reps in the worldwide sales channel.
Support requests for company and contact information through completion of individual
assignments as defined by the team Coordinator.



Researching on company/individual provided names to identify and confirm information such as
company affiliation, title, responsibilities, location, email address, phone number and other
background details which could support sales engagement.Identification of companies and
individuals within BD territory, revenue range, industry focus, type (end user/vendor), etc.
Researching to identify and confirm information such as company affiliation, title, responsibilities,
location, email address, phone number and other background details which could support sales
engagement.
Independently completing assignments with little to no oversight.
Delivering all assignment work within quality standards and on time, often within tight deadlines.
Ability to move quickly from one assignment to the next.
Working within a defined Service Level Agreement and Ensuring satisfaction.
This role contributes to the organization by supporting Gartner sales efforts by providing sales reps
with high quality prospect leads to help quickly advance sales cycles from initial discovery meetings
to close.I have a real impact in reducing the sales cycle time by upwards to 20-30% when providing
timely, high quality leads to the team.
My role includes direct interaction with AM and Territory Planning teams to support the BD sales
team worldwide.
I also engage regularly with the Global Sales Operations team to report on prospecting activities,
obtaining direction and guidance on role and responsibilities.
In addition, I also work with the sales productivity tool providers to assure the highest level of data
satisfaction is provided to support sales requests and searches.

Researcher, 01/2013 to 01/2014
MEED

MEED INDIA DATA SERVICES LTD (Jan 2013 to Jan 2014).
Tracking various projects in the Middle East Asia covering industries like Constructions,
Infrastructure, and Transports & Roads etc.
Excellent business acumen and capable of designing research methods.
Ability to work independently with a keen focus on driving execution of secondary and primary
research projects.

Researcher, 11/2011 to 11/2012
Datamatics Financial Services Limited

Verify the Data for Conference Companies & Investor Magazines & also Research for the Same
Companies.

Sr Customer Associate, 04/2010 to 09/2010
WNS Global Services



Education

Answer inbound calls in support of customer needs.
Solved queries for After reservation problems & other ticketing related issues & also airlines related.

Senior Customer Service Associate, 09/2007 to 02/2009
Mphasis

Answered inbound calls in support of customer needs.
Conveyed in a reassuring manner step by step instructions to resolve application issue process on a
computer.
Performed queries in multiple databases.
And also helped customers to install various software and also helped them to resolve Computer
related issues.
Worked as a; Customer associate & gained the experience of training & also mentoring the team
members.

Productivity Coordinator, 04/2005 to 03/2007
Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces

Responsible for staff of sixty one people within the kitchen and Dispatch department.
And also assisting them to clean all the kitchens and airline sections as per the company policy & as
per ISO rules.

Bachelor of commerce: Management, 2011
Eastern Institute for integrated learning in management -

H.S.C: Commerce, 2000
L.A.College -

S.S.C: English, 1998
St. Xavier High School -


