













































SHEKHAR SHANKAR PATIL


Priyanka Vijay Lad 
 
Shubh Darshan Coop Housing Society,      Mob No: +91 8007977505 
D- Wing, Flat # 102, Sector-9,       E-mail: piu.lad@gmail.com 
Near Adai Lake, New Panvel                                                               
Navi Mumbai - 410206                                                                        
                                                       

 
Objective: 

“To work for an Organization that offers Best-of-Technology, innovation, challenging work atmosphere along with 
excellent competitive spirit and professional growth wherein I can utilize full my skills and abilities. I have good 
communication and interpersonal skills & ability to work independently under pressure.” 
 
Work Experience: 
 

1) Organization: Concentrix Daksh Services India Private Limited, Pune 

Job Duration: 1 Year 2 months (30th Sept 2015 to 11th Nov 2016) 

Designation: Practitioner-CRM Operations 

             Responsibilities: 

 To resolve Internet and Email related issues of Home Broadband customers in UK. Also help them to 

connect wireless connections on Windows PC’s and laptops including Apple Mac OS. Resolving issues 

related to VOIP services. 

 To check the connection and network related issues of Customers and give them proper resolution. 

 To Check the Telephone connections and assign Engineer if required. 

 Contact Telephone operators to check Telephone related issues. 

 Follow up on cases till correct resolution is provided. 

 Update Databases with adequate details of Customer’s issues.       

 Maintain organized data of IT Inventory (Workstation components, Headsets) on the floor. 

 Log tickets for IT related queries (LAN ID’s, Inventory issues, Citrix Applications) and getting them resolved. 

 Also, worked as an Incident Management Analyst for the internal IT support for Concentrix which includes 

Helpdesk ticketing, handling P1 and P2 outages, RCA and Problem Mgmt. as per ITIL standards.  

 
 

2) Organization: Wipro BPO on payroll of ITM Bangalore. 

Job Duration: 2 years 1 month (19th Sept 2013 to 28th Sept 2015) 

Designation: Sr. Asset Engineer 

Department: IT Management Group (IMG Technology) 

Responsibilities: 

 To Maintain Inventory of Hardware Equipment like Servers, Network Devices, Desktops, Laptops, Cisco/Avaya 
Phones, Printers/Scanners and their Accessories. 

 Allocation/Release of Assets lie Laptop, Desktops, etc. 

mailto:piu.lad@gmail.com


 Keeping and maintaining the Asset Registers of all Processes in Excel sheets. 
 Installation of Symantec Antivirus and other Applications. 
 Generating monthly and Weekly Reports. 
 Coordinating with different teams in order to serve user’s Queries i.e. Server Team, Network Team, Voice 

Admin Team and IT Central Team. 
 Handling process calls 
 Routing tickets to concerned teams i.e. Network Team, Server Team and Voice Admin Team etc. 
 Handling user queries via chat and mail 
 Interacting with Users directly to meet up solution to their Queries. 
 Raising TT in Helpline Portal and monitoring it. 
 Maintaining data in a Portal named “ITAM” online. 
 Logging calls with Vendors like HP, Dell, Samsung, etc. and performing required steps for troubleshooting the 

problem.  
 Achieving agreed SLA 
 Helping users on call to guide them for raising requests for Hardware and Software requisitions for Project 

purpose. 
 Email conversations with all users especially AVP users. 

 
      Strengths:  

 Positive attitude & willingness to learn new things,  
 Ability to co-ordinate and work as a team. 
 Good communication skills. 
 Willingness to learn and acquire new knowledge and skills. 
 Delivering the most efficient solution. 
 Ability to take Leadership and enhance work Environment. 
 Excellent Email communication. 

 
      Skill Sets: 

 Knowledge of Operating Systems – Windows 7, Windows XP/Vista, Windows 8, Ubuntu which includes  
             Troubleshooting & installation of OS. 

 Knowledge of Web designing tools like HTML. 
 MS Office: MS Office 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013 
 Acquainted with Basic Hardware and Networking. 
 Knowledge of troubleshooting with Antivirus/Firewall, Microsoft, Gaming, Internet, Email/Mail clients. 

 Languages – C, C++, HTML, VB 6.0, JAVA, SQL 

 
 
Educational Qualifications: 
 

 
Qualification 

 
Board / University Year of Passing Percentage 

              B.E (IT) Savitribai Phule Pune University 2017 65.46 % 

 
Diploma (IT) 

 
B.A.T.U (Autonomous) 

 
2012 77.80 % 

HSC Maharashtra State Board 2009 53.83 % 

SSC  Maharashtra State Board 2007 80.76 %  

 
 
 



 
Additional Qualification: 

 Certified Ethical Hacker  
 Basic knowledge on ITIL standards 

 
 
Personal Details: 
Date of Birth – 06th November 1991 
Gender – Female 
Marital Status – Married 
Nationality – Indian 
Languages – English, Marathi, Hindi 
Hobbies –Music, Trekking, Reading, Travelling. 
 
 
 
Declaration: -  
I hereby declare that all information mentioned here is true and correct at the best of my knowledge and belief. 
 
Date: 
Place:  Mumbai                                    (Priyanka Lad) 
 


