










































CURRICULUM  VITAE

                                                                                                 Nikhil Kumar Gupta
                                                                              Contact No.- 9930132279








 Email-  thebignrulesforever@gmail.com
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:                                                                                             

	Education
	Marks obtained
	Year of passing
	Board/university

	B.E. Electrical Engineering
	74%
	2010
	Thapar University,
Patiala

	H.S.C. (10+2)
	87.54%
	2005
	RBSE, Ajmer

	S.S.C. (10th)
	92.17 %
	2003
	RBSE, Ajmer


EXPERIENCE:        24 Months
                                  Power Distribution (Business Development)
                 Organization       :
    Essar Power Ltd.                                              
                 Designation         :     Assistant Manager (Business Development).

                 Period
          :
    From. - July 2010 to till date.

                 Current CTC       :     5.18 LPA
                 Notice Period       :     3 Months (Leaves can be adjusted in the notice period)
                 Present Location  :     Kurla (W), Mumbai
Job Responsibilities:
            -Scanning Opportunities: To scan and Identify Power distribution opportunities.

            -Study of Tender Documents: To study and analyze the Power Distribution Franchisee Bid     
               Documents.

           -Site Due-Diligence:  To carry out site Due-Diligence in order to collect various Technical and    

             Commercial data.

           - Analysis of Data: To analyze the data in order to prepare action plan for Power Distribution 

             Loss reduction i.e. preparation of Capital Expenditure plan.

           - Bid Document Preparation:  To prepare the Bid Document as per the guidelines given by 
             State Distribution Companies for respective Distribution Franchisee Areas.

          - Business Development for Parallel License: To carry-out Walk Down Survey of identified           

             Towns from the perspective of Power Distribution Parallel License and preparation of Business 

             Plan .   

Projects:   

         - Study of Bid Document, Due-Diligence, Analysis of collected data and Bid Document

            Preparation for Jalgaon, Gwalior and Ujjain Power Distribution Franchisee.           
         - Walk Down Survey and Capex Preparation for Mumbai Suburban Area from the perspective of 

             Parallel License.  
          - Business Development for identified towns in Madhya Pradesh from the perspective of Parallel 
           License.
Personal Details:             
          Name:                           Nikhil Kumar Gupta
          Date of Birth:                24th December 1987
          Marital Status:               Unmarried

          Sex:                               Male

          Language Known:         Hindi and English
Strengths:
路 Positive attitude

路 Ability to execute a task as a team member or team leader.

路 Dedication.

路 Keen interest in analysis related work.
. DECLARATION: 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.













Yours Faithfully

                                                                                                                                      Nikhil Gupta
