













































MANOJ BHAWSINGHKA


MANOJ BHAWSINGHKA        

Address: Diamond City North, 68 Jessore Road, Block 16/3D, Kolkata - 700055.                                                                                      

Contact #:  +91 9049800049 (M)  Email: manoj.bhawsinghka@gmail.com 

NTERPRISING, HARD-WORKING AND TECHNICALLY SKILLED PROFESSIONAL known for accuracy, attention 
to detail and timeliness in managing Finance & Accounting processes for MNC employers. Currently looking 
for an organization which can provide me immense learning opportunities and to whom I can bring in success 

with all my knowledge and experience. 

KEY SKILLS 

 Identify Process Improvement Opportunities. 

 Financial data upload, promote, reject in HFM. 

 Hyperion/HFM Reporting related to P&L and HR headcount. 

 P&L Variance Analysis against Budget and Forecast. 

 Intercompany Reconciliations, Netting Settlement 

 Journal posting, Prepayment and Accrual posting. 

 Balance Sheet Reconciliation  

 Month End Closing 

 

 WORK EXPERIENCE 

A. GENPACT INDIA, KOLKATA 

 
Designation & Tenure – Senior Manager, 05/2016 To Present 
 
Major Activities Performed: 
 
 Identify improvement opportunities in various RTR and FP&A related processes. 

 Study the existing process landscape and propose improvement/transformation opportunities. 

 Act as an RTR SME to different accounts. 

 Drive best practices and standardization activities across different accounts. 
 

B.    VODAFONE INDIA SERVICES PVT. LTD. 

 
Designation & Tenure – Assistant Manager, 12/2014 to 04/2016 
 
Major Activities Performed: 
 

 Post manual journal entries related to operating expenditure of Vodafone Group Services. 

 Explain monthly P&L variances against Budget & Forecast to Business Controllers with proper commentaries. 

 Publish different P&L and HR related reports to the management. 

 Balance sheet reconciliation. 

 MIS Reporting. 

E 



 
Key Achievements: 
 
 Received “Process Star” award in Oct 2015 for making a new Management report giving end to end insight on 

Operating expenditure. 
 

C. CAPGEMINI INDIA (P) LTD., KOLKATA 

 
Designation & Tenure – Senior Consultant, 1/2013 to 12/2014. 
 
Major Activities Performed: 
 
 Team Handling. 

 Month end reporting. 

 Hyperion Reporting to Group for a complete SBU (Apps2). 

 Closely monitoring of P&L numbers submitted by BU's with respect to Budget, Forecast and previous year. 

 Help SBU controllers during Budget & Restatement finalization.  

 Preparing multiple key reports based on Profit & Loss statement for both Monthly Actuals and Forecast close. 

 Doing quality checks for data uploaded in Hyperion by BU's. 

 Consolidation and resolving of cross checks in HFM at BU and SBU level. 

 Preparation of multiple adhoc reports, decks as and when requested by SBU top management. 

 Weekly call with client to give operations update. 

 
Key Achievements: 
 

 Received “Project Star” award in Nov 2013 
 
Designation & Tenure – Consultant (Level II), 7/2010 to 12/2012 
 
Major Activities Performed: 
 

 Managing team operations. 

 General Ledger process, Posting journal entries,  

 Prepayment and Accrual postings. 

 Monthly GL reconciliation. 

 Month end reporting. 

 Intercompany operations, Payment settlement. 

 Intercompany reconciliations. 

 Monthly Service review calls with client. 

 Monthly client calls to discuss the key issues with respect to Intercompany operations and provide solutions. 

 Monthly calls to ensure Intercompany cash forecast are achieved. 

 Preparation of Dashboards etc. 

 Weekly calls with client to give operations update. 

 
Key Achievements: 
 

 Successfully showcased Business capabilities to one of the potential new client in Manila (Philippines) in June 2011. 

 Received award for Excellent Performance in June 2012. 

 Played a key role in achieving Intercompany cash collection target 10 times in a row in 2012. 

 
 
Designation & Tenure – Consultant (Level I), 08/2008 to 06/2010. 
 
Major Activities Performed: 
 
 Running Intercompany operations. 

 Monthly ICS reconciliations. 



 Monthly, Half yearly & Annual  reporting to facilitate smooth month end close and year end close.  

 Settlement of Intercompany payments through Netting and Non Netting. 

 Booking of Intercompany AR and AP invoices in system.  

 GL reconciliations. 

 Journal posting, Prepayment & Accrual posting. 

 Cash application of Intercompany cash receipts/payments. 

 Resolving customer and vendor queries/issues. ICS dispute resolution. 

 Preparation of Dashboards etc. 

 Monthly service review call with client. 
 
Key Achievements: 
 

 Yellow Belt Certified from QAI. 

 Received “Best Customer Appreciation” award in Nov 2009. 

 Received “Star employee of the Month” award in June 2010 

 

D. GENPACT INDIA, NEW DELHI 

 
Designation & Tenure- Process Associate, 01/2007 to 08/2008 
 
Major Activities Performed: 
 
 Transitioned the Intercompany process from UK (Brighton). 

 Stabilized the process after go live. 

 Intercompany Reconciliations, Balance Sheet Reconciliations. 

 Settlement of Intercompany invoices (both AR & AP). 

 Facilitating Netting and Non Netting payments. 

 Cash Application. 

 Resolving Intercompany issues. 

 Dashboard Reporting. 

 MIS Reporting. 
 

Key Achievements: 
 

 Successfully transitioned the Intercompany Process from U.K. 

 Target achieved in reducing the overdue debt by a considerable amount from Intercompany customers. 

 Researched and solved billing problems. 

 Won many prestigious awards like Extra Miler, Team Player, LEAN certification and many online certifications. 

E.  A & A ENGINEERING WORKS, KOLKATA 

 
Designation & Tenure – Sr. Accountant, 06/2002 to 12/2006 
 
Major Activities Performed: 

 Posting Journal entries. 

 Day to Day Cash Management. 

 Managing transactions related to Bank including Vendor payment and Payment collections. 

 Preparation of Bank Reconciliation statement. 

 Day to Day accounting of receipts and expenses. 

 Facilitating in audit of books, Finalization of P&L and Balance Sheet. 

 Filing of Excise Duty returns. 

 Assisting Auditors in Income Tax Assessment. 



 MIS Reporting. 

 
Key Achievements: 

 Managed the accurate and timely raising and processing of invoices per month for large, multi-site organizations. 
Assessed and closed A/R & A/P sub-ledger on a monthly basis, validated content and resolved various issues. 

 Implemented next-generation technologies and process automations (including new Accounting systems) to foster an 
environment of continuous improvement. Trained users and served as the primary “go-to” troubleshooter on these 
new systems, which propelled efficiency gains and significant time- and cost-savings. 

 Facilitated “no-fault” internal and external audits as a result of sound recordkeeping and thorough documentation. 

 Instituted thorough cross-checking of payments, receipts and invoices. 

EDUCATION 

B.Com (Honors)(2nd Div), B.I.T. (1st Div), WBHSE (1st Div), WBBSE (1st Div) 

APPLICATIONS WORDED ON 

 HFM  Hyperion MS Office 2010  SAP  Oracle Get-paid  Ite-soft  BOXI BI 

 

OTHER INFORMATION 

Date of Birth: 18.06.1981, Have Valid Passport. 

 

 


