






























AJINKYA ABHAY JATEGAONKAR 
Mobile: 09773096458 ~E-Mail: ajinkyajategaonkar@gmail.com

 
~ Accounting / Taxation ~ 
Location Preference: Mumbai 

SNAPSHOT 
 
 Qualified B.Com. with 6 years experience in areas of Accounting and Taxation.  
 Proficient in handling all day-to-day accounting activities as well as managing vendor records, initiating payments 

and Banking activities. 
 Preparing reports for higher management on day to day basis.  
 Maintaining banking transactions by keeping co ordination with Receivables team for making payments to avoid risk 

of over payments.  
 An effective manager to handle a small team to work efficiently in time for everyday activities. 
 

AREAS OF EXPERTISE 
 
Accounts: 
 Recording daily transaction in system including purchases, expenses, payables, reconciliation. 
 Preparing daily reports and submitting it to higher management. 
 Answerable to queries raised by Government Authorities on any issue with proper working and supporting. 
 Managing various Vendors regarding completions of their work & payables accordingly as decided. 
 
Taxation: 
 Preparing working for GST & TDS for submitting of their returns on timely basis with co ordination with Company 

CA. 
 

CAREER SCAN 
 

Since Mar’18   Rai Residency Pvt Ltd., Vitthalwadi Account Assistant  (Accounts & Taxation)  
 
KEY DELIVERABLES: 
 All Day to day entries such as Purchase Invoice with specific documents attached, Sale 
 Maintaining Banks everyday entries with OD a/c and all RERA a/c’s and to maintain proper co ordination between 

them 
 Everyday Bank Reconciliation. 
 Preparing MIS as per company’s requirement. 
 Maintaining all site wise expenses. 
 Maintaining Contractors Register, Suppliers Register with proper co ordination with site in charges. 
 Maintaining day to day expense statement. 
 Preparing letters and documentation for creating new RERA no & related accounts for new sites. 
 Preparing necessary workings for GST returns. 
 Attending meeting with Government authorities like IT offices, GST offices etc on time with necessary documents for 

notices received. 
 Also managed to hold Purchased department for a period of 2 months on company’s request until a new employee is 

trained for the same. 
 

Oct’16-Feb’18  Nozzle Auto Association Pvt Ltd Accounts executive (Accounts & Taxation) 
 
KEY DELIVERABLES: 
 TDS Working Preparation 
 Passing Purchase & Sales entries in Tally. 
 Passing Expense Vouchers entries. 
 Preparation of GST working & submitting with Tax consultant 
 Finalisation of Balancesheet 
 Attending dates of Tds notices for resolving queries arised 

mailto:ajinkyajategaonkar@gmail.com


 
Jan’09-Jun’13  M M Dubey & Co (Chartered Accountant) Accounts Intern (Accounts & Taxation) 

 
KEY DELIVERABLES: 
 Basic Accounts related knowledge related to entries in Tally9 ERP, 
 Computations & Returns (Income Tax, Vat & Service Tax) – its working, 
 Preparation and uploading returns. 
 

IT SKILLS 
 
 Well versed with Tally ERP Packages. 
 MS Office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) and Internet Applications. 
 

ACADEMIC CAREER 
 
2013 B.Com. from Madhavi College of Arts, Commerce & Science, Dombivli (E), Mumbai University 
 Appeared for CA IPCC 
 

STRENGHTS 
 Ability to learn new things and respond to external changes. 
 Doing things with open mind and receptive to new ideas 
 Ability to adapt to new environment, culture and workplace 
 Highly organized and dedicated with positive attitude 
 Thrive on working in a challenging environment 
 Eager to acquire more knowledge, Positive approach 
 Always having fair approach to learn new things with open mind 
 Effective Managing 
 Believe in Proper working instead of Fast Working but on effective Time. 
 

HOBBIES 
 Listening Music & Watching Films 
 Playing Cricket 
 Travelling 
 Meet New Peoples and make Friends 
 To co-operate with the surrounding Environment 
 

PERSONAL INFO 
 
Date of Birth:  28th April 1989 
Address:  C/203, Shiv Om Shakti CHSL, Shiv Mandir Road, Near Shiv Shiv Mandir, Dombivli (E) – 421 201 
Language: English, Hindi and Marathi 
Nationality:       Indian 
Marital Status:  Single 
Religion:             Hindu 
 
 
I declare that all the above information given is true to my knowledge. 

 

 

DATE   :                                                             AJINKYA A. JATEGAONKAR 
PLACE:   DOMBIVLI 

 


