











































Sargunan Elumalai
▪ Email: sargunane@gmail.com ▪ Phone: +91 8144546517, +91-9710445817

 BI  analyst  with  4  years  of  experience  in  Business  Intelligence  COE,  Data  warehousing  and  Data 
Management. 

 Experienced in Various Informatica products installation in both Linux and windows platforms 
and Administration.

 Experienced in Informatica Server Administration including Creation of users and user groups, 
Rights Management, Error and dependency handling, Scheduling, Alert and logging.

 Performing shut down and restart of the Informatica services using commands.
 Experienced in developing ETL programs for supporting data extraction,  transformation,  and 

loading using Informatica Developer.

 Experienced in automating Informatica jobs using Build-In scheduler and external schedulers.

EDUCATION:
Master of Computer Application (MCA) - CGPA 8.5/10 (Distinction)                                     2010 - 2013

PROFESSIONAL HISTORY:
1.HTC Global Services : Business Intelligence Coe         July 2014 – November 2017

Informatica Developer/ Administrator
 Finance  Domain:  Implemented  data  cleansing,  De-duplication  and  golden  view  generation 

using  Informatica  Developer  client  and  Informatica  Address  Doctor  for  Leading  Financial 
Service company in India.

 Manufacturing: Implemented  data  cleansing,  De-duplication  and  golden  view  generation  using 
Informatica  Developer  client  and  used  Informatica  Address  Doctor  for  validation of  Address,  Phone 
number and Email to US Based Instruments manufacturing and measuring company.

 Banking  Domain:  Created  golden  View of  the  customers  to  uniquely identify the  customers 
across the sources by grouping duplicated records of the customer.

 Developed Contact Verification System using Informatica Data as a Service (DaaS) packages for address, 
email and phone verification.

Talend  Developer/ Administrator
 Banking domain: Demonstrated product capabilities and functionality of Talend Enterprise with their 

Real Time use cases, Which includes RDBMS, Flat File, Web services, Big Data sources, Cloud services.
 Restaurant:  Migration of  data  from local  RDBMS to Amazon Redshift  with all  the  necessary Data 

Cleansing and Transformations. 

BI Analyst – IDM Data Replication (CDC)
 Textile Domain: Implemented Data Replication between OLTP and OLAP using IBM Data Replication. 

In Real Time it is handling 2400 tables for replication and top 10 tables having record count of 30 million 
Records.

2.APDCH : Engineer                             January 2014 - July 2014
 Sql  Server  Maintenance:  APDCH  is  leading  Hospital  in  TamilNadu,  Which  stores  all  patients 

information in the SqlServer DB.

mailto:sargunane@gmail.com?subject=Resume


ACADEMIC PROJECTS AND TRAININGS:
 Attended Informatica  Master Data Management and  Informatica Identity Resolution professional 

training at Informatica Business Solutions Private Limited, Bangalore.
 Certified  in  IBM  InfoSphere  Information  Server for  Data  Integration  Fundamentals  Technical 

Professional

ACHIVEMENTS AND AWARDS:
 Received Employee of the year 2016 award at HTC in Business Intelligence and Analytics department.
 Best Student award  and Best programmer award in National level Symposiums.
 University Rank Holder.

SKILLS:
 Operating Systems: Windows, Linux – Ubuntu, AIX
 Languages and Scripts: C#, ASP .NET, MVC
 Databases used: Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, Amazon Redshift.
 Data Quality Tools: Informatica DQ, Informatica Address Doctor, Talend DQ.
 Data Integration Tools: Informatica Developer, Talend DI, SSIS, IBM DataStage.
 Master Management Tools: Informatica MDM, Informatica Identity Resolution
 Masking Tools: Informatica Dynamic Data Masking, Informatica TDM
 Data Replication Tools: IBM Infosphere Data Replication(CDC) 
 Familiar with Data Structures and Sorting algorithms.
 Experienced in writing high level and low level test cases for ETL jobs.


