














































JABIR KP  

E-mail             : jabirkp07@gmail.com 

Phone(India)  : +91-9633980803 

 

Objectives 

“To give my software career a solid start by joining eminent and highly professional software company and 

contribute to the success of the company by outstanding performances and there by advancing my career". 

 

Working Experience as a Software Engineer: 

 Technically Sophisticated professional with above 2.3 years of experience in the areas of Software 

Developing and Programing in J2EE environment. 

 Worked as Software Engineer for 2.3 year at Riss Technologies. 

 Proficient in developing web applications using JAVA/J2EE technologies, PHP and Android.  

 2 year experience in spring and hibernate framework 

 Adept in end-to-end development of software products from requirement analysis to system study, 

designing, coding, testing, de-bugging, documentation and implementation. 

 Adroit in providing effective resolution to customer queries related to product and improving 

relationships with the customer by anticipating customer future requirements, thereby ensuring a 

positive customer experience. 

 Well versed with android application development (Enterprise mobile application). 

 Proficiency in technical documentation, design, development and troubleshooting for mobile 

application development. 

 Handling various technical aspects like coding of modules using the given design specification, 

debugging and fixing the defects as well as analyzing it root cause. 

 Coordinating with team members for system design, integration, application maintenance, etc. 

 Cooperating with other teams across the organization for efficient work progress. 

 Understanding and mapping client’s requirement / enhancements to the product. 

 Implementing solutions that effectively resolve problems or provide improvement. 

  

mailto:jabirkp07@gmail.com


Achievements: 

Title: COBAN, Context based model for data leakage prevention in an organization. 

          Front end : Java Swing. 

          Back end  : Mysql 

          Roll     : Developer 

 

Title: Blew, It is an android application to give information about places and share thougts about the places 

for other users. 

          Front end : Java, css, js, jQuery, ajax and bootstrap. 

          Back end  : Mysql 

          Roll     : Developer 

 

Title: OwnShoppy, “Online shopping application” 

 Selling and buying products 

 Contact with seller through whatsapp and gmail 

 Easy to access new arrivals, featured products 

 Sellers can add affiliated products 

 Front end : .Net, Android 

 Back end  : Sql server, sqlite 

 Roll        : TL 

 

Title: CablePay, “It’s an app based on POS device to collect the cable tv monthly payment for cable tv 

operators” 

 Monthly payment collection. 

 Bluetooth enabled printing. 

 Dues and pending payment views. 

 Payment history 

 SMS confirmation for payment 

 Front end : .Net, Android. 

 Back end  : Sql server, sqlite 

 Roll        : TL 

Extracurricular Activities: 

National Level Technical FEST (MEDHA’13, MEDHA’14) 

Responsibilities: Event manager/Organizing Committe  



Academic Qualification:   

 

Technical Skills: 

 

Java Framework         :  Spring, Hibernate 

Basic Languages         :  C, C++, JAVA, C#. net, Android 

Scripting languages             :  HTML, XML, JSP, PHP and JS. 

RDBMS         :  SQL 

API         :  Volley, REST, JSON, SOAP 

 

Languages: 

 

Personal Information: 

Date of Birth  :      23-JUL-1992 

Hobbies   :      Travel, Listening music, Sports. 

Marital status            :      Single. 

Religion                      :      Muslim, Islam. 

Strength             :      Open minded, Theoretical thinker, Group worker, Cool and Hard worker. 

Passport no                :      K6673214 

 

Reference:  

Furnished on demand                                       

Course name  Year of passing Marks/Grade Board of examination 

Master of Computer 

Application 

2015 69.67 Visvesvaraya Technological University, 

Belgaum 

BSc Computer Science 2012 64.75 Kannur University 

Higher Secondary 2009 68 HSE, Kerala 

SSLC 2007 70 Board of Publication Examination, Kerala 

Languages Read Write Speak 

English       

Hindi      

Malayalam       


