
















































         M Bharath Shree Rama Varma
Email: bharath.shreerama@gmail.com					 Mobile: 9945143489
Summary


Analytics professional with 6+ years of experience in global financial services, providing analytical solutions for business problems across multiple businesses. Currently working as a Principal Analyst in Analyttica Datalabs Pvt Ltd. Skills



· 5+ years of experience in Credit Cards, Personal Loan & Student Loan Products.
· Built Predictive models using advance Machine Learning Techniques.
· Worked on SAS, R, SQL and Python.Professional Experience


	Organization
	Designation
	Time

	Analyttica DataLab Pvt. Ltd
	Principal Analyst
	Sep’13 – Current

	Citibank GDM Bangalore
	Analyst
	Jun’12 – Sep’13


Educational Qualification










	M.Tech
	IIIT-Bangalore

	B.Tech
	DRK Institute of Technology


Projects










Analyttica Datalab:
Optimized Targeting of Prospects for Personal Installment Loan Product:
Developed a response model using Logistic Regression to efficiently target prospects for Personal Instalment Loan product for a mid-sized European Bank. The project involved opportunity identification, model building, list selection using multiple criteria, forecasting the booking rate and campaign tracking across multiple parameters.

Borrower Segmentation: 
To understand the FFELP portfolio for various student loan products based on their internal and external performance.  Developed multiple segments using K-Means Clustering technique. This enable to design solutions based on the risk profile of the segments for loss mitigation and customer retention.

Defensive Strategy to identify Consolidators:
Customer Retention has been a major challenge for one of the major student loan servicer. Built a Risk model to predict borrowers who are at risk of consolidation and thereby take precautionary measures to prevent the borrowers from consolidating away to competitors.
Risk mitigation with Efficient Targeting for Conveyance Checks:
Developed risk and response model for a Conveyance Checks program to a US based NBFC firm.  Models have been built using external Credit Bureau attributes along with customer characteristics and performance monitoring metrics. Combined both the models to create an optimized mailing list which will have a high response rate and lower probability to default. 

Decision Tree Based Segmentation for Enrolment to IPP:
IPP program has been introduced to mitigate losses from a existing student loan program. Designed a rule-based engine using Decision Trees, to convert or enrol borrowers into the new Interest Plus Program. 

Web Analytics:
Analyzed the customer behavior on the client’s website. Analyzed the channels through which customers visited their website, most visited pages, various pages visited while applying for a loan. Created reports on the web traffic based on existing and new customers and their behavior while logging into the website.

Citibank GDM:

Campaign Performance Optimization:
· Analyzed the performance of the retail card campaigns for the Test and Control Populations
· As part of Citi Retail Cards business group, I have developed the PNL datamarts along with creating weekly &monthly dashboards. Automated the MIS reports to reduce the man hours and increase the team efficiency.




