













































RESUME

SAP ABAP 

RESUME

Shailendra Arya
 

Mobile No: +91 7219019900
Email Id   : shailarya01@gmail.com

Objective:
Seeking a challenging and rewarding career in SAP ABAP professional where I can contribute my knowledge and skills for growth and development of the organization and to be able to implement solutions that meet the customer requirements using my variety of software development skills and technical expertise.

Professional Summary:
· Worked extensively on DDIC objects such as: Tables, Structures, Views, Data Elements, Domains, Search helps etc.

· Object Oriented Programming skills in Adobe forms, ALV’s, Classical and interactive reports, BADI, Interfaces, BAPI.
· SAP NOTES Implementation.
· Basic knowledge of LSMW.
· Ability to quickly learn new concepts and capable of working in-group as well as independently with excellent communication skills

· Trained in functional skill SAP REFX.
· Having basic knowledge of SAP MM and SAP SD, Hence less dependency on functional consultant for test data.
Technical Skills:

	For SAP ABAP

	ERP Package
	SAP ECC 6.0, SAP R/3 

	Language
	ABAP/4

	Operating System
	Window2000/XP

	Database
	Oracle9i


SAP ABAP Skills

· Reports (Classical ALV)

· Module pool programming

· Adobe Form
· Function Modules(BAPI) 

· BADI

· Enhancements

· IDOC
· SAP Notes
Professional Experience:
· Working as SAP ABAP Developer Accenture services Pvt Ltd, Bangalore from January 2014 to till date. 
Educational Qualifications:

	Degree
	Stream
	School/College
	Percentage
	Year

	BE
	Electronics and Communication
	RTU
	66
	2013

	12th
	PCM
	SCSS
	76
	2009

	10th
	Science
	BSN
	87
	2007


Working for Accenture




     Jan’14 – Till Date

Accenture Pvt. Limited is a multinational information technology (IT) service, business solutions management consulting and outsourcing Services Company.

Client 1:  Unilever Griffin IT Tower

Project Description: Griffin project was a system project. In which old system code is enhanced into new system.
Role: SAP ABAP/4 Consultant

SAP Version ECC 6.0

Duration
: June 2014 – May 2015
Responsibilities:  

1. Analyze the Functional Specification and perform technical feasibility analysis.

2. Design the Technical Design and UTP document for the approved Functional Specs.

3. Developed new custom table for ALV report.
4. Developed new interactive ALV report.

5. Perform new action in Screen Painter and flow logic PBO and PAI.

6. Perform new action in Standard Screen and table.

7. Developing new objects like LSMW program, Upload Program.

8. Develop the build as per the requirement.

9. Perform Unit Testing as per the UTP plan.

10. Perform peer review of the Technical design and development done by team members.
Solution Environnent: ECC 6.0

Strengths

Good knowledge of reports, tables,  positive attitude, team oriented, presentation skills, fast and self learner , hard working, creative ,believe in taking initiative, willing to learn new technologies .

Client 2:  Vodafone EVO   
Project Description: Vodafone EVO project is a system project.
Role: SAP ABAP/4 Consultant

SAP Version ECC 6.0

Duration
:  May 2015 – Present 

Responsibilities:  

1. Analyze the Functional Specification and perform technical feasibility analysis.

2. Perform the changes into SAP Adobe Forms.
3. Implemented SAP Notes.

4. Design the Technical Design and UTP document for the approved Functional Specs.

5. Developed new custom table for ALV report.
6. Perform new action in Screen Painter and flow logic PBO and PAI.

7. Perform new action in Standard Screen and table.

8. Develop the build as per the requirement.

9. Perform peer review of the Technical design and development done by team members.

10. Maintain Translation in other language.

Solution Environnent: ECC 6.0

Strengths

Good knowledge of reports, tables, Adobe forms positive attitude, team oriented, presentation skills, fast and self-learner, hardworking, creative, believe in taking initiative, willing to learn new technologies.
PERSONAL DETAILS:
Personal profile:

Father’s name

   
: Mr. D.L. Arya

Mother’s Name


: Mrs Sunita Arya

Date of Birth                         

: 01-10-1991

Sex



: Male.

Marital Status


: Unmarried
Languages proficiency


: English, Hindi.

Nationality                           

: Indian.


Declaration:

I solemnly declare that the above-furnished details are correct to the best of my Knowledge and belief.

Place: 
Pune











(Shailendra)

