













































NAGAVENI

NAGAVENI


Contact: +91-7904262115; 



E-mail : naga.veni119HYPERLINK "mailto:naga.veni119@gmail.com"@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE

A challenging Position in Software Application and its implementation with an organization offering an opportunity for growth and advance, where I can utilize my talent and experience.


PROFILE

· Around 2.7 yrs of progressively responsible experience in IT Industry.

· Development experience on Java/J2EE.

· Experience in Object Oriented Programming Concepts.

· Strong skills in J2EE concepts like JSP, Servlets, JDBC.
· Experience in using Struts framework.
· Hands on experience using Object Relational mapping Tool Hibernate.

· Experience in using web/application servers like Apache Tomcat, WebLogic.

· Experience in working with Oracle database.
· Good knowledge on Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).

· Flexible and Versatile to adapt new Environments and work on different Projects.


TECHNICAL SUMMARY

JAVA/J2EE TECHNOLOGIES


:   Core Java, JDBC, Servlets, JSP.

WEB  DEVELOPMENT FRAMEWORK

:   Struts.

ORM TOOLS 




:  Hibernate.

DATABASE





:  Oracle 10g

APPLICATION/WEB SERVERS


:  Weblogic, Tomcat.

IDE






:   Eclipse, MyEclipse.


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

	Designation
	Organization
	Period

	Assistant Programmer
	NIC, Chennai
	July. 2014 – May. 2016

	Software Engineer
	Tapasya Infotel, Hyderabad
	23 rd Apr.2013 – 23 rd Jan-2014



EDUCATIONAL & PROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS

· MCA from JNTU with aggregate of 80%.

PROJECT ANNEXURE

PROJECT   :     PROJECT #1 
            Title

  : Online System for Tamil Nadu Water Supply and Drainage  Board

            Client                   : Tamil Nadu Water Supply and Drainage Board, Chennai. 

            Team Size
  : 3

            Environment        : JSP, Servlet, Apache Tomcat 6.0, AJAX and Oracle 10g.
 Description of the Project:

        The TWAD Board facilitates centralized data storage and retrieval besides information analysis pertaining to Project Monitoring, Financial Accounting, HR Management and Water Quality. This system is accessible by the offices of TWAD Board through a network connecting the Head Office with all the Regions, Circles and Divisions.            

 Modules

· Financial Accounting System

· Human Resource Management System

· Project Monitoring System

· Water Quality System 

Responsibilities 

· Involved in the design and development.

· Actively participated in Low level database design.

· Analyzing and resolving the technical issues/problems.

          In Phase II the 'Financial Accounting System' consists of three modules such as Masters, Unit Operations and Reports. Unit Operations is the heart of the Financial Module where all the transactions are happened here. Involved in development of forms and reports in Financial Accounting System such as Trial Balance, Cash Receipt, Bank Receipt, etc., and many existing forms and reports have been fine tuned. Report for these has been developed.

PROJECT #2
               Title

  :  Online Library Information Monitoring Systems
             Team Size
  : 5

             Environment       : JSP, Servlet, Apache Tomcat 6.0, AJAX and Oracle 10g.
Description of the Project:
The activities of this system include Cataloguing, Search, Transaction Management, Acquisition Control, Serial Control, Report Management and Administration, Email-Remainder Information. Each module has certain salient features. The Cataloguing allows creating updating/editing and maintaining the databases. The search modules are designed to search all the above databases using all the important fields and print the search results in any desired order/format. 

The Transaction management is designed for all types of transactions, such as issue, return, renew, reservation, fine calculation for all type of Resources and Acquisition control is designed to automate various activities involved in book ordering and processing. Serial Control (Journals) is designed to automate various activities involved in subscription of journals and maintain the accounts and administration is used for some administrative works, such as stock verification, global updating and rights management for users.

Responsibilities

· Involved in the design., development and implementation of Catalogue, Transaction, Admin and Report Modules

· Developed Dynamic Report Creation screens in Report Module using JasperReports.

· Actively participated in Low level database design.

· Analyzing and resolving the technical issues/problems.

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge. I assure to that I will fulfill the requirements of the organization needs.

Place: Chennai


                      

        Yours Faithfully

Date:   
                        





 (Nagaveni)

