




































AJAY SINGH


Curriculum Vitae

	Harshil Gupta
	11/46 Vikas Vihar Old Mohanpuri near AIM Public School, Meerut, UP, India

	( +91 9718999654                                                                  (Email id) guptaharshil31@gmail.com
( +918077836012

                                                                                                   


PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS

· Having 2 years of experience in Information Technology and in SAS. Has experience in requirement gathering, analysis, administration and implementation of various distributed multi-tier systems.
· Worked closely with clients and business team to understand requirements, doing the analysis, configuration and testing to generate the reports.
· Interacting with client and end users; understanding the technical & functional specifications
· Strong problem solving, analytical and Communication skills and ability to master new Technologies and capable of working in groups.
BUSINESS SKILLS

· Undertaking troubleshooting and Bug-Fixing.
· Possesses in-depth domain knowledge of SAS and experience in onsite-offshore working model.
· Ability to handle multiple tasks and work independently as well as in a team. Good team player with interpersonal skills.
· Interacting with client and reporting.
· Imparting training and mentoring end users. 
Work Experience
Working as an SCS (Setup Configuration Specialist) in Alight Solutions in TSG (Technology Shared Service Group) since December 2015 till present.
CORE COMPETENCIES

Operating Systems
   :
Windows Vista/7/10; IBM Z/OS

Languages

   :
SAS 9.3(Base & Advance), JCL, SQL
RDBMS

   :
DB2, MySQL
Software

   :
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), SQL, and SAS 9.3
ORGANISATIONAL SCAN

AON Hewitt, Noida, India
    Client handled: MacAfee, Century Link, Motorola Solutions, Paypal, Accenture, Ernst Young, UHG
Team Size   :    10        
Position
:    SCS (Setup Configuration Specialist)
    Description
:    Working as SCS in Connections Technology Team and writing SAS/SQL codes to create reports and automate manual process based on client requirements. As a key member of technical shared group, developed and ran SAS programs to support various clients. I was responsible for creating new SAS codes, utilizing existing codes, and maintaining data in SAS. The project involved working with clients as well as with operations team to provide analysis for the population making estimation/opting for defined benefits according to various pension plans available to them. The defined benefits offered to an individual are based on the analysis done on the requirements provided by the client. The information of the person applicable for various pension plans is gathered and processed for further quires as applicable according to the requirement documents.
Responsibilities:
· Gathering client requirements and providing reporting solutions.
· Analysing the expected and actual results.
· Interacting extensively with end users on requirement gathering, analysis and documentation.

· Involved with key departments to analyze areas and discuss the primary model requirements for the project.

· Documented methodology, data reports and model results and communicated with the Project Team/Manager to share the knowledge.

· Carried out data extraction and data manipulation using PROC SQL, PROC SORT and PROC REPORT to create preferred customer report as per business requirements.

· Extensively used SAS procedures such as PRINT, REPORT, FREQ, MEANS, SUMMARY and Data _Null_ for producing ad-hoc and customized reports and external files.

· Responsible for generating defined benefits Reports using SAS.

· Imported data using LIBNAME and PROC SQL Pass -Thru facility to reduce processing time.

· Imported Data from relational database into SAS files per detailed specifications.

· Developed complex SAS Macros to simplify SAS code and effectively reduce coding time.

· Extensively used SAS ODS facility to create customized reports in CSV, HTML, PDF and RTF format.
· Provided Technical/ Production Support and on-going maintenance of SAS/JCL codes.
· Experience in interacting with operations team, technical support and help them base line the requirement specifications and resolve various error based on SAS.
· Also working with the Data Conversion team to provide the SQL queries according to the client requirements. 
· Also actively involved in planning and participating various floor events.

QUALIFICATIONS

	Class/Course
	School/College
	Board/University
	Year of passing
	Percentage

	B.Tech
	Galgotias University, Greater Noida
	UGC
	2015
	7.03 (CGPA)

	Intermediate
	Delhi Public School, Meerut
	C.B.S.E
	2011
	72.8%

	Higher Secondary
	Delhi Public School, Meerut
	C.B.S.E
	2009
	78.3%


PERSONAL DETAILS

Name


: Harshil Gupta


Father’s Name

: Mr. Rakesh Kumar Gupta


Mother’s Name

: Mrs. Seema Gupta
DOB, Age, Gender

: October 19, 1992, 25 years, Male.

Nationality 


: Indian.

Language known

: English, Hindi.

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that above information is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

(Harshil Gupta)
Classification: GE Internal


