














































Barnali Das 
E-mail: getbarnali@gmail.com 

Mobile: +91 98 3646 7221   

Aspiring for Challenging Assignments in Human Resource Management with a growth oriented organization 

of repute. 

Profile Summary 

Over 11 years of experience in all facets of Human Resource Administration functions. 

 Presently associated with Experis India Pvt. Ltd. 

 Completed MBA, Gained experience as operational and strategic HR. 

 Proficient in ensuring smooth implementation of HR policies for recruitment, selection, induction, 

orientation and development of new employees. 

 Sound knowledge and management acumen in optimizing resources and maintaining HRMS 

(Human Resource Management System), managing complete employee life cycle and handling 

performance appraisals. 

 Adept at managing people, maintaining healthy employee relations, handling employee grievances 

thus creating a progressive environment. 

 An effective communicator with the ability to motivate personnel towards achieving organizational 

objectives and adhering to industry best practices. 

 

Professional Skills Summary

 

   Recruitment / Resourcing                 Employee Life Cycle Management                    Performance Management 

   Induction & Orientation                    Excellent multi- tasking ability                            Grievance Handling  

   Offer Management                            Report Preparation                                               HRMS Management  

   Employee Productivity                      Vendor Compliances                                             Employee Engagement 

Career Scan 

 
    Since May’07 with Experis India Pvt. Ltd.as Manager - HR  

        (Formerly known as Web Development Company Ltd) 

Role:  

 Overseeing the entire gamut of HR function including managing entire employee life cycle, 

Performance Appraisal, employee engagement and people management. 

 Coordinated with leadership to manage talent acquisition as per the requirement. 

 Handling overall co-ordination of recruitment, induction, & exit. 

 Preparation of the salary structures complying all the statutory obligations. 

 Final negotiation with the candidate and release of the offer. 

 

mailto:getbarnali@gmail.com


 Inducting new joiners into the organization, preparing joining kits, and processing all joining 

formalities. 

 Preparing appointment letter, ensuring the same is issued to the same to the employee.  

 Preparing and issuing confirmation letters, Salary revision letters, Promotion letters, Salary certificates also 
Issue warning letters, Appreciation letters to Employees. 

 Generating and maintaining HR reports for facilitating strategic decisions for the organization.  

 Preparing HR reports like employee productivity, manpower analysis, etc.  

 Responsible for managing Employee Service Files at the corporate office. 

 Ensuring timely confirmation of probationers, implementation of increments. 

 Handling Performance Management System and identifying scope for improving the same. 

 Facilitate employees in filling up their objectives and KRA’s as per the guidelines. 

 Compilation of ratings and finalizing the appraisals for the employees in the organization. 

 Preparing reports for appraisal system as per performance review and development plan based on 

KRA; calculating fitment for the promotion cases. 

 Formulating various strategies and actions to increase employee engagement and commitment. 

 Conducting the employee engagement activities. 

 Ensured vendor compliance with key contract deliverables by reviewing evidence based on agreed 

schedule. 

 Responsible for sharing employee verification for the exit employees. 

 

Significant Highlights: 

 

Significant exposure to the complete employee life cycle and people management. 

Handled the Employee Performance Appraisal. 

Awarded for the Excellent Performance in HR-Operations. 

Won the Corporate HR Limelight Award as the Top Corporate HR. 

 

Previous Assignment 

April 2011 – Dec 2017               Experis India Pvt. Ltd                                Manager-Human Resource 

Working for the India as well as for the Singapore operations. 

Recruitment and Selection 

Releasing Offers 

Onboarding formalities 

Performance Management 

Employee Relations/Welfare and Grievance Handling 

Exit Management 

Singapore Operation: 

o Preparing and maintaining the Singapore Payroll in Internal systems/ Portals ensuring high 
accuracy and ensure dispatch of the same to the finance team within deadlines 



o Coordinating with employees in relation to Daily Attendance Sheet, Leave Records of the 
Employees (Timesheet for deployed employees) 

o Handling e-leave (involves following up with the employees to apply on the portal for the leaves 
taken.) 

o Handling all statutory issues like audit documentation, filing Tax, CPF. 
o MIS on Joinees/Attritions which is essential for proper payroll payouts. 
o Coordinating with the Singapore Team for all HR related issues.  

 

 

November 2010—March 2011      Manpower Group Company WDC   MIS Incharge 

Responsibilities  

 Currently associated as “MIS Incharge” to support Executive Director of 
Manpower Group Company WDC.  
 

 

May 2007— October 2010         Manpower Group Company WDC   Team Lead 

 

Responsibilities  

 Was associated as “Team Lead (Verification Group)” to support the 
Organization’s clients for managing reference check. Reporting to General 
Manager (HR) of WDC. Initially joined as HR Executive. 
 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS  

Sex: Female 

Language Known: English, Hindi, Bengali 

Marital Status:         Married 

 

DECLARATION: 

I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 

 

Barnali Das 

 

Dated : August 19, 2018  Place- : Kolkata 

 

 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 


