












































	
	Resume

	PRATEEK TRIVEDI
	
	Email: prateek.trivedi27@gmail.com

	
	
	
	

	Qualification: B.E.
	
	Contact: (+91) 8600998700



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

· Production Support Engineer at L&T Infotech for 4+ years. Job Profile:
· Production Support Engineer in Test Environment Support Team for CitiDirect Application which comes under Trade and Treasury Services of CITI bank.
· In brief, we are responsible for active and functional working of various test environments (viz. SIT, PTE, UAT, Prod.) under scheduled deployment and testing.
· Worked on SQL queries, insert, update, delete, joins, Stored procedures, triggers ,etc. through SQL developer to check for different issues, bug fixes and generating output from database.

· Handling application support for Production/Non-Production environments, their servers and to resolve issues for client/testing teams using various listed skill/tools.
· To deploy code drops and perform env. health sanity post successful deployment process.
· Resolving technical glitches in different test environment.
	•
	Operating System
	:
	Windows, Unix, Linux

	•
	Activity
	:
	Incident Mgmt., Infrastructure Mgmt., Health Monitoring, Deployment

	
	
	
	Mgmt. and issue troubleshooting etc.

	•
	Skills
	:
	UNIX, PL/SQL, MS Office, Windows & Unix/Linux server

	•
	Tools
	:
	Tectia, Oracle SQL Developer, Hermes, Autosys, uDeploy, SiteScope,

	
	
	
	ITRS, ServiceNow, Fiddler, Beyond Compare, MSTSC, WinSCP

	•
	Add. Skills
	:
	3 months training in Enhanced Communication, ITIL & Banking Domain


sessions at LTI facility, Mumbai.


PROJECT DETAILS (Domain: Banking & Finance)

	
	
	
	
	TTS - CitiDirect - Test Environment
	
	
	

	
	Project Name
	
	
	
	
	Team Size
	17

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	Support
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	Start Date
	
	
	
	Feb’18
	
	
	End Date
	Till Date

	
	
	
	
	
	CitiDirect application is a payment gateway application mostly used by clients

	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	performing transactions in millions. Application is configured on JAVA, Solaris/Linux

	
	
	
	
	
	Servers, Windows Server, MS SQL servers, Apache Tomcat Servers. There are more than 300,000

	
	
	
	
	
	registered users in around 10,000+ companies. These clients are prioritized based on

	
	
	
	
	
	the business significance in day to day processing. Periodic Deployments are done on

	
	Project
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	SIT,
	UAT and PTE
	which gets promoted to Production in a scheduled phase.

	
	Description
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	Functionality testing is due before releasing any Environment. Once QC team confirms

	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	with complete sanity, we work on identified bugs (if any) and if needed initiate triage

	
	
	
	
	
	with various Dev Teams for fix. We are the first point of contact and are responsible

	
	
	
	
	
	for smooth functionality of the Environment & flow of correct code to Production.

	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	· Derived bug fixing and enhancement in environments, post deployment.

· Running SQL queries to check for various issues, performing several operations like insert, update, delete, joins, etc through SQL developer.


	
	
	
	
	
	•
	Setting and
	executing respective Autosys
	jobs according to scheduling

	
	Role
	&
	
	
	
	requirement.
	
	
	
	

	
	Contribution
	
	
	•  Resolving tickets based on SLA/OLA in Service Now.

	
	
	
	
	
	•  Monitoring Environment/Server health and performance (Monitoring tool-

	
	
	
	
	
	
	ITRS)
	
	
	
	


· Triaging issues with Client and concerned Dev Teams.
· Involving in Pre-Prod and Production release and maintenance activities.
· Handling request/issues related to installation, update, configuration, operations or performance of environment and respective servers.
· Doing major Unix/Linux, Windows/SQL server deployments after the code is provided by Build team and providing cutover support during the same.
· Environment related DB management using SQL Developer.
· Interacting with Clients for their requests and issues.
· Providing L2 support and liaising with various internal groups for the issues escalated by L1 support.
· Documentation of RCA and other workaround strategies and methods.

	
	Project Name
	
	
	TTS – CITIBANK – Commercial Cards
	
	Team Size
	15

	
	Start Date
	
	
	March’15
	
	End Date
	Feb’18

	
	
	
	
	The Project provides support to Commercial Cards, which are used for travel &

	
	
	
	
	shopping purpose, it is required to maintain Cardholder’s account in the

	
	
	
	
	project.  A frontend is provided for applications like CitiManager and CCRS.

	
	
	
	
	Using CitiManager, user can apply for cards & access which they require while

	
	Project
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	CCRS is used to pull custom reports for the customer. A backend is maintained

	
	Description
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	to store data and fetch reports and share with customers, the application is

	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	known as GDR. Since it’s a banking application it’s monitored regularly from

	
	
	
	
	the security point of view.
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


· Creating Script for system options and program definition, stored procedures, triggers (enabling alerts such as SMS, email alerts for users as per their request.)
· Maintaining Batch Jobs, Process & URL.
· Management of Service Level Agreements (SLA).
· Monitoring ITRS for alerts and taking actions proactively.
· Checking File transfer & arrival, Object traces, scripts in UNIX server.
	Role
	&
	•
	Handling the escalations due to issues faced by the customers.

	Contribution
	•
	Working on inspecting and debugging issues raised by helpdesk team and

	
	
	
	provide them a fix.


· Working and interacting with teams, client (Onshore/Offshore) through mails and call.
· SQL queries execution, insert, update, delete, joins, etc.

EDUCATION

	
	
	
	
	
	
	Examining
	
	Marks
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	Year  of

	
	DEGREE/STANDARD
	
	
	Name of the Institute / School
	
	Authority/ Board
	
	Scored/
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	passing
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	CGPA
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	Bachelor of Engineering
	
	Medicap Institute of Technology
	RGPV, Bhopal
	7.44
	
	July

	
	(Electronics & Comm.)
	
	& Mgmt., Indore (M.P.)
	
	
	
	
	2014
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	Senior Sec. (12th)
	
	Holy Cross Ashram School, Datia
	
	
	74
	
	May

	
	
	
	(M.P.)
	ICSE
	
	
	2009
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	High Sec. (10th)
	
	Holy Cross Ashram School, Datia
	
	
	71
	
	May

	
	
	
	(M.P.)
	ICSE
	
	
	2007
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


ACADEMIC PROJECT

· GSM based car control system – A GSM based car control system to notify owner in case of theft through SMS and stop the functioning of engine immediately.

INDUSTRIAL TRAINING PROGRAMME

· 4-week training in “Scientech Learning” on Embedded Systems in Indore (24 Jun 2013 – 20 Jul 2013).
· Attended two-day workshop on 100 microcontrollers using various sensors held in Indore on 24th & 25th Dec, 2011.

ACHIEVEMENTS

· Qualified GATE 2014 with score card in hand.
· Participated in "Indore 2010 Marathon", an initiative by IIM-Indore.

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the above furnished particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place:
Pune
(Prateek Trivedi)

