




















































RESUME

RESUME

SAM SABU


C 602, OM Shanti,                                                       
Plot No: 271 A,                                                          
Sector-10, Kharghar,                                                                                                                                                                                 
Navi Mumbai.                                                                                
Maharashtra- State                                                                                                                                                                            

Pin Code- 410210                                
Phone: +91 8129893153                                                                                                                                                                    Email: sssamsabu093@gmail.com


OBJECTIVE

Seeking a challenging career in a reputed organization where I can learn effectively and my talent and knowledge can be utilized for the growth of the company and nurture effectively.

Work Experience

Working as HR Executive in Thyrocare Technologies Ltd (September 2017 to till date)

EMPLOYMENT SUMMARY
	Organization
	Thyrocare Technologies Limited

	Designation
	HR Executive

	Duration
	September 2017 till date

	Reporting to
	Department Head. 

	Job Profile
	Designing and implementing the overall recruiting strategy.

Sourcing and screening candidates from various job portals such as Shine,Naukri, etc.

Conducting interviews and filtering candidates for open position.

Creating job description.

Doing Job Fairs 
To follow up with candidates till their on-boarding.

Perform end to end recruitment process.
1.5 months experience in Campus Interview (South India)

	Joining Formalities
	Welcoming new employees. Documentation (Handing over the joining Kit).
Brief up the new hired on the HR policies, attendance systems, teams, concerned people in different Departments.

Issuing Appointment letter.

Initiating e-mail and bank (if any) account opening formalities & ID card request, system allocation

Issuing offer letter and appointment letter

Mailing Venue details to new joiners.
Obtaining approval from higher authorities.

	Attendance and Leave record administration.
	Monitoring & maintaining employees office timings and daily attendance

Updating and documenting employees leaves.



EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

Master of Business Administration. (MBA in Finance and HR) from RAJAS Engineering College, Anna University in the Year 2017 with 66%.(First Class)
Bachelor of Business Administration. (BBA) from University of Kerala in the Year 2015 with 50% of Marks.

Higher Secondary (+2) from Kerala Board of Higher Secondary in the Year 2012 with 67% of Marks.

SSLC (10th) from Kerala Board of Secondary School in the Year 2010 with 83% of Marks.

ACADEMIC PROJECTS

Organization: Kerala State Farming Corporation

Effective Job Rotation and Transfer of Employees in State Farming Corporation of Kerala.

Organization: Kerala Agro Fruit Products Limited
Effectiveness of Promotional Strategies in Kerala Agro Fruit Products LTD.

STRENGTH AND ACHEIVEMENTS

Participated in National Level Management Event

Class Representative for 2 Years during Graduation

Active Coordinator for College Level Events.

Team Spirit

Flexibility and easily Adaptable to new Environment

Quick to Grasp new Ideas and Concepts

Ability to Handle Pressure

COMPUTER SKILLS

Microsoft Excel

Microsoft Word

Power Point

Photoshop etc.

PERSONAL PROFILE

Name



:         Sam Sabu

Father’s Name


:         Sabu

Sex



             :         Male

Date of Birth


:         29-Oct-1993

Marital Status


:         Single

Nationality


             :        Indian

E-mail Id



:        sssamsabu093@gmail.com
Contact Telephone no

:        +91 8129893153










     Permanent Address

:        Ebenezer House

                                                                           Ayiranalloor P.O

                                                                           Edamon

                                                                           Kollam Dist

                                                                           Pin :691307

                                                                           Kerala, India

      Passport number                              :       K5671258

Languages Known

              :       English, Hindi, Tamil and Malayalam.

I hereby declare that all the information provided by me in this application is factual and correct to best of my knowledge and belief










SAM SABU

Date: 






Place: Navi Mumbai.
