














































CIRRICULUM VITAE


Professional Experience.
Company:  WNS Global Services Pvt.Ltd. 
Title           :  Associate. 
Duration: 02nd May 2011 to 30th June 2012.


Responsibilities as a Customer Service Executive:
· Worked as a customer care representative for a U.S. Based process for Healthcare Claim Department.
· Worked as TPA and handling Health Care insurance claim data and registration of those to provide payment to insured on 2nd party,
· Payments for their Claim.
· Sending the Daily report to Team and higher management of target completion.
· Updating the Internal auditing report on daily basis.


Company:  AXA Business Services.
Title         :  Specialist Operations.
Duration:  25th July 2012 to 13th November 2017.



Responsibilities:
• Worked for UK based Healthcare Claim Department
• Worked as a Specialist
• Sending the Daily report, daily target, Allotments and priorities to                                                                                
  Team and higher management of target completion.
• Handling the entire team with respect to meet their target in   
  absence of team leader and manager.
• Motivating the team members for better performance.
• Active participation in team meetings and performance agenda,
  Organizing team breakfast, birthday celebration, team  
  Lunch, motivating team for fun-to-do activities.

Education Qualification:
Course      : B.Com in Year 2011.
Institution: Pune University.
Location   :  Pune.

• Passed H.S.C from University of Pune with 58 % from Briham    
  Maharashtra College of commerce in year 2008.
• Passed S.S.C. from Maharashtra Board with 54 % from S.J.H 
  Gurunanak High School in year 2006.





Personal Profile :

Name                             :   Sukhwant Kaur Chauhan
Contact No                   :   9096881907 
Email                             :   chauhan.sukhwantkaur@gmail.com
Date of Birth                 :   24th Jan 1988
Permanent Address     :   Flat No2, Krishna Appartment,
                                            Shitole Nagar, Old Sangvi,
                                             Pune - 411027,
Languages known       :  English, Hindi, Marathi, Punjabi
Hobbies                         :  Listing Music, Playing Volley Ball

Declaration:

Declare that all information given here is true to the best of my knowledge and believe.


	
Date: -                                                                                  

Place: -                                                                          

                                                                                          Yours sincerely
       Sukhwant Chauhan
      


