














































Aditi Joshi 
Software Engineer                                                                                                                                                               
9962331990  
aditijoshi1990@gmail.com                   
 
ABOUT ME 

 Seeking an opportunity to use my 3.6 years of client-facing experience, analytical & development skills, and 

expertise in the insurance domain. Able to quickly embrace new ideas and methods with understanding of 

Python, SQL, Machine learning, deep learning and Progress 4GL. 

EMPLOYMENT                                                                                                                     (March 2015 –Present) 

CGI, Bangalore  
Insurance company, Finland  
 
    Python 
 

 Created chatbots from scratch as POC projects for the HR team and for the clients to recommend policies 
and covers to their customers. These chatbots were developed using Python. I used Numpy,  
Pandas, TextBlob, speech_recognition, pyttsx3, docx2txt, textract, PyPDF2 & other packages and 
predictive modelling (SVM, Naive Bayes classifier; these two were chose  because they work well with the 
dataset), concept of classes & functions , Neural Networks, NLP, Sklearn, Keras, Tensorflow . 

 Used tools like SQL, MYSQL for writing queries to fulfil ad-hoc data requests. 
 Created a content-based recommender system using Python in which I used Numpy and Pandas packages, 

concept of classes & functions. The application management team of the project is using it to save time in 
resolving tickets. 

 Performed sentiment analysis in Python on user data from the internal networking tool. I utilized seaborn, 
Pandas, Numpy, matplotlib.pyplot, clustering approach, nltk(sent_tokenize, word_tokenize ), 
nltk.stem(PorterStemmer, WordNetLemmatizer), TextBlob. 
 

 
    Progress 4GL (Programming Language) 
 
As this application is very old and the code is written in Finnish & Swedish, it was extremely challenging to get a 
grip of the application and language as quickly as possible to not impact the work flow. I am involved in this 
application team as a Developer and System Analyst. Progress 4GL itself is a package which has its own DB, 
interface & programming language.  
 
 Implemented changes in the Insurance Management tool as per client's requirement. 
 Played a key role in the project from requirements gathering, software installations & application’s window 

navigation network topology documentation to development. 
 Was involved in analysing and understanding business requirements, customer-value maximization and 

developing new business processes like a roll back process, batch job automation and mass invoice 
printing to reduce turnaround time and increase work efficiency. 

 Used tools like Progress DB for writing queries to fulfil ad-hoc data requests. 
 Worked closely with a senior business analyst and the client in relation to requirements gathering and 

creating high-level requirement documents and identified opportunities for cost savings and quality 
improvements. 

 

                         



 

 

                                        

AWARDS & ACHIEVEMENTS 
 
 “Pat on the back award” for outstanding performance in Q1 FY 2016, Q2 FY 2017 & Q1 FY 2018.    

 “Pegasus Award” for excellent performance in Q4 FY 2016, Q3 FY 2018 Group Inc. 

 Recognized by managers for excellent collaborative work orders. 

 Multiple appreciations from Client for outstanding contribution during project critical phase. 

 

EDUCATION 

Jaipur National University    2014 M.C.A. 
( Major – Data structures & 
algorithms, Programming 

languages) 

75.26% 

University of Rajasthan    2010 B.C.A. 
( Major –  Algebra, Statistics, 

Programming languages ) 

68.17% 

Maheshwari Girls School    2007 XII 
( Major -Mathematics) 

61.64% 

Maheshwari Girls School            2006 X 65.67% 

 


