














































Software Project Details 

 

I desire to work in an Organization which aims to achieve targets successfully, provides me a good exposure 
to the present work culture and of course, offers me challenges as well as opportunities for career 
advancement in the technical field. 

 

 Educational Qualification  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

    Professional Summary 

 Having 3+ years of Experience in IT Industry (IBM PVT LMT).which is completely aligned with 
software development specifically on Java/J2ee Technologies . 

 Experience with analysis, design, development, customizations ,and implementation of software 
applications Using JAVA/J2EE. 

 Having knowledge of Data Structures and Algorithm. 
 Experience in MVC framework like Struts 2.0 frameworks 

 Proficient in analyzing and translating business requirements to technical requirements and 
architecture. 

 Excellent knowledge in Oracle like Core Java, JDBC, Hibernate, Web services and basic Linux. 

 Worked on the tools like Eclipse , Putty. 

 Good communication skills, interpersonal skills, self-motivated, quick learner, team player. 

 Involved in Implementation, Deployment and Configuration of Client/Server. 
 

Functional Expertise   

Language Known : Core Java , XML, SQL , Linux 
Frameworks : Hibernate, Web Services 

Web/ App. Server : Apache Tomcat Server 7, WebLogic Server  

Database : Oracle10g. 
Process : Agile. 
IDE Used : Eclipse, Web logic 10.3, Web logic 8.1,XmlSpy,WST Tool,  

Soap UI,WinSCP 
Operating System : Windows XP/Windows 7 

   

Career Highlights   

         

          Currently Working in IBM India Pvt. Bangalore from Feb-2015 to present. 

 
 
 

 

Project 1  
Title  : VAI(View And Analysis Inventory) 

Company : IBM India Pvt. Ltd. 

Client  : AT&T USA 

  
  

  
  

   Contact – +91-9916976148 

                                                                               

YAMINI SHARMA   Email-id –yaminisharma712@gmail.com 

Career Objective  

S.No Qualification Institution Board/ 

University 

Percentage% 

1. B.E  Mahakal Institute of Technology Ujjain(M.P) RGPV 75.2 

2. Class XII Mahadji Scindia H .Sec. School Ujjain (M.P) MP board 80 

3. Class X Mahadji Scindia H .Sec. School Ujjain (M.P) MP board 81.2 



 

 

Technology : Java, Hibernate, Struts 

Role  : Application Developer 

Domain : Telecom 

 

Project Description: 

 The View & Analyze Inventory Application will provide a new Inventory Query screen to allow 

customers to request multiple account types for inventory display. In other words, customers should be 

able to make selections of check boxes (MCN, GEMS Org Id and/or ACNA/BAN ) by which to retrieve 

Inventory. If multiple check boxes are selected, the inventory output will be displayed.  
 

Roles and Responsibilities: 
 

                 •      Involved in API Integraion 

     •      Involved in development of Report Interface POC using Java/J2ee. 

     •      Identified Potential APIs 

     •      Defect fixing 

     •      Involved in documentation, review, analysis and fixed post production issues. 

     •     Involved in Build and Deployment ST ,UAT and Production environment. 

     •     Involved in EDF database Repointing ST,UAT and Production environment. 
 

Project 2  

Title  : Tax Exemption 

Company : IBM India Pvt. Ltd. 

Client  : AT&T USA 

Technology : Java, Hibernate, Struts 

Role  : Application Developer 

Domain : Telecom 

 

Project Description: 

This Project is an Enhancement project to consume Developed APIs for TaxExemption applicationis 

.The application helps customer to  go and check whether they are eligible for Exempted Tax or not 

.Apart from this User can Request for Tax Exemptions as well. The AT&T tax exemption Web tool gives 

AT&T customers a simple way to manage tax exemption questions and requests online. Use this tool to 

check eligibility and apply for a tax exemption. You can also apply for changes in your account-exempt 

status.  

 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 

• Involved in development of Report Interface POC using Java/J2ee. 

• Identified Potential APIs 

• Integration of API 

• Involved in documentation, review, analysis and fixed post production issues. 
 

Declaration: 

I value human excellence and perseverance. I am confident that my sincere efforts, hard work and             

dedication will see me through all challenges of life. 

 

Date: 

Place:Bangalore (Yamini Sharma) 

 


