


























































www.freshersworld.com




rajanpandey789@gmail.com					         74 Omen Complex,
 M +91 99815 38886							         Narayan Nagar
 M +91 9959386806							         Bhopal – 462026


						Career Objective

Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Telecom industry, also being resourceful, Innovative, flexible and Good team player which will offer High and professional growth.

	                                                                      Experience and Profile


Total Experience – 5 year
Professional Skills:
· Cisco 8500 wireless controller.
· Cisco AP’s configurations.
· Ericsson WIC800 wireless controller.
· Ericsson AP’s configurations.
· Excellent skill on Fault Management, network surveillance and troubleshooting on FTTx network.
· Excellent troubleshooting skills on xDSL(ADSL and VDSL) and GPON services (STATIC, Dynamic, and IPTv issues) and WI-FI hotspot issues.
· Extensive knowledge of switching, routing, and Cisco routers technologies.
· Possess strong analytical, troubleshooting, and customer service skills.
· Hands on experience on DSLAMs (Ericsson, Alcatel, Nokia, Huawei, UT-Starcom), CEN Network, Switches, BRAS-Juniper E Series and MX series Routers (ERX-700, ERX-1410 and ERX-1440), Alcatel OLT(7360-FX Series),CISCO BNG-ASR9K, Cisco WLC (8500 series),Network Analyzer, OSS, Metasolve M-6, Remedy, ICRM.
· Ability to communicate efficiently with excellent management and organizational skills.
Current Roles and Responsibilities – Working as a Wireless / DSL TAC Engineer with Telesonic Networks Ltd. in NOC Gurgaon-Manesar.
             
Current Role: Wireless TAC  Engineer 
Client:  Telesonic Networks Limited (Bharti Airtel Company)
Since October 2013 to September 2015, & January 2016 to Present.

· Handling WiFi / DSL NOC operation for PAN India.
· Manage and maintain Airtel Monitoring Systems (these report on the status and performance of Airtel's network, ISP services and facilities).
· Fault handling and escalation (identifying and responding to faults on Airtel's systems and    networks)
· Provisioning (IP assignment, Core network configuration and customer network services).
· Responsible for maintaining the Service Level Agreement and resolving all customers’ complaints and request.
· Configure Wi-Fi-Hotspot & Providing End to End connectivity for CEN and SDH media for different Dslams(Ericsson,Alcatel-Lucent,UT-Star).
· Experience configuration and troubleshooting of telecom setup with respect to access and backend network devices.

Member of TAC1 (Technical Assistant Center) responsible for providing the field engineers with technical assistance and support for new provisioning and maintenance of various DSL related services. Providing backend support to the field engineers to provision DSLAMs and IPADSL cards through UT NMS and Ericsson PAM server. Configuration of CEN Network. Troubleshooting support on all DSLAMs like UTSTARCOM, Nokia, Alcatel Lucent, Ericsson.



Member of WiFi- TAC1 (Technical Assistant Center) responsible for providing the field engineers with technical assistance and support for various DSl, 3G, 4G, related services. Providing backend support to the field engineers to provision AP(Access Point) through Ericsson PAM server. Configuration of CEN Network. Troubleshooting support on all DSLAMs like UTSTARCOM, Alcatel Lucent, Ericsson. Also responsible for configuration on Cisco WLC-8500 & 7613 switches. 

Previous Roles and Responsibilities – Worked as Backhaul Eng. with Strategic Manpower Sol. Ltd in Reliance Jio ltd Raipur (Chhattisgarh).
	
Role: Backhaul Eng. 
Client:  Strategic Manpower Sol. Ltd (Reliance Jio ltd)
Since September 2015 to January 2016.

· Fault handling and escalation (identifying and responding to faults on Reliance Jio systems and    networks)
· Provisioning (IP assignment, Core network configuration).
· Site maintenance (Routers , switch )

Educational Qualifications

	Examination

	Discipline/
Specialization
	School /College
	Board / University
	Year of Passing
	Passed With

	
Bachelor of
Engineering
	Computer Science & Engineering
	KNP College of Science & Technology,
Bhopal
	Rajeev Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya, Bhopal
	
2012
	First Div.

	
H.S.C.
(10+2)
	Science + Mathematics Stream
	Sardar Patel Public School,
Bhopal (M.P.)
	M.P. Board
	
2008
	Second
Div.

	S. S. C.
(10th)
	All Subjects
	D.A.V. Public School,
Bhopal (M.P.)
	M.P. Board
	2005
	Second
Div.

	
	
	
	
	
	


					Extra Curricular Activities
· Event organizer in my college technical fest AAROHAN 2K11 & AAROHAN 2K12.
· Captain of my school & college Cricket & volleyball Team.
· Participates & got 1st place (2011), 2nd Place (2012) in Volleyball, 2nd Place (2012) in Cricket & participation certificate of Quiz & Chess in my college Technical fest AAROHAN 2K11 & AAROHAN 2K12.

						Strength
· Leadership
· Friendly Attitude & Co-operative Nature.
· Interacting With people.
· Good Team Member.
· Always eager to learn new things and willing to transform knowledge into work.

						Hobbies
· Playing Games ( Like Cricket, Volleyball, Football etc.)
·  Watching Movies & Cartoons.
· Roaming With Friends.




						Personal details

Father’s Name	:	Mr. Ashok Pandey
Mother’s Name	:	Mrs. Gyanti Pandey	
Date of Birth		: 	20 Oct 1989
Language Known	: 	Hindi & English
Permanent Add.	:	74 Omen Complex Narayan Nagar, 
Opp. Barakatullah University
				Hoshangabad Road, Bhopal – 462026 (M.P.)
Current Add.		:            Room No. 403, Kuldeep Sing Complex,
				Sukhrali, Sec- 17, Gurgaon - 122001
				Haryana,
						Declaration
	
I hereby declare that all information furnished here is true to best of my knowledge.
Place: Bhopal                                                            	                           	           Rajan Pandey 



