














































Syed Amir Abdul Mudroo                                Contact No: 8867802508, 7022146107 

 M.Tech CS with  3 years of Experience in Big Data Product Development.                         Email: amirsyed69@gmail.com 

 Currently working  in Widas Concepts Pvt Ltd. 

 Professional expertise in Big Data and Machine Learning. 

 Presented papers in various  National and International Conferences on Big Data. 

 Won Best paper awards in 2 national conferences on Big Data. 

 Published Paper in International journal ( IJCEA )on Big Data.   

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Technical Skills: 
Big Data tools 
 
No SQL 
 
Machine Learning 
 
DevOps 
 
Languages 

Spark, Kafka, Hadoop, Hive, Pig, Sqoop, Flume,  Zookeeper, Avro  
  
Cassandra, MongoDB, HBase, Impala 
 
Spark MLlib 
 
Docker, Git CI/CD 
 
Java, Scala, C, C++, C#, Python 
 

Databases 
 
Operating System 
 

MySQL  
 
Linux (Ubuntu, CentOS, Alpine, etc), OS X, Windows 
 
 

Work Experience: 
2017 – Present 
 
2016- 17 
 
2015-16 

Big Data Development in Widas Concepts Pvt Ltd, Bangalore. 
 
Big Data Development in V2Soft Pvt Ltd.  
 
Intern in LMT. 
 

Academic Profile: 
2014-16 
 
 
2009-2013 

East West Institute of Technology ,Bangalore                                                                                   76% 
Masters of Technology, Computer Science & Engineering 
 
SSM College of Engineering and Technology, J&K                                                                             70%                                                 
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science & Engineering 

  
2008 12

th
 (Senior Secondary Examination)                                                                                                    70% 

Central Board of Secondary Education 
  
 2006 
 
 
 

10
th

 (Secondary Examination)                                                                                                                 76% 
J&K Board of School Education 
 

International and National Conferences: 
27-28 April 2016 
 
 

 
5

th
 April 2016 

 

Presented paper in International Conference “ICCSTAR-2016” entitled “Incorporating 
Virtualization in Map Reduce for Efficient Data Movement in Hadoop” held 

at City Engineering College Bangalore. 

 

Presented paper in National Conference “TECHNIKA-2016” titled “Incorporating 

Virtualization in Map Reduce for Efficient Data Movement in Hadoop” held 

at Akshaya College Tumkur. 

mailto:amirsyed69@gmail.com


 
29-30 April 2016 

 

Presented paper in National Conference” NCOACSE-2015” titled “Increasing 
Performance of Map Reduce programing framework “ jointly organised by 

Indian Society of Technical Education(ISTE) and EWIT Bangalore. 

  

 Certifications and Trainings: 
2016 
 
2015 

Hadoop Developer Certification from IIHT. 
 
Internet Of Things s Boot Camp. 

  
2014 Network Simulator (NS-2) workshop. 
 

Publications/Journals: 
June 2016 International Journal of Computer Engineering and Application (IJCEA) “Incorporating 

Virtualization in Map Reduce for Efficient Data Movement in Hadoop”. 
http://www.ijcea.com/incorporating-virtualization-map-reduce-efficient-data-movement-
hadoop/ 
 

 

Achievements: 
2016-Present 
 
 
2015 

Won Best Paper Award in National Conference “TECHNIKA-2016” titled 

“Incorporating Virtualization in Map Reduce for Efficient Data Movement in 

Hadoop” held at Akshaya College Tumkur. 

 

Won Best Paper Award in National Conference” NCOACSE-2015” titled “Increasing 
Performance of Map Reduce programing framework “ jointly organised by 

Indian Society of Technical Education(ISTE) and EWIT Bangalore. 

 

Academic Projects: 
2013(U.G) 
 
 
 
2016(P.G) 

E-Prepare (A mock test website) 
 

 Used Asp.Net Framework, c# for coding, MySql as database. 
  
Incorporating virtualisation in map reduce for efficient data movement in Hadoop 

 

 Used Jdk and Hadoop 
 

 

Other Activities 
2015 Secured first place in Technical Quiz organised by CENSA   

 

Personal Details 
Name 
 
Fathers Name 
 
Mothers Name 
 
Date Of Birth 
 
Gender 
 
Marital Status 
 
Languages 
 
Address 

Syed Amir Abdul Mudroo 
 
Syed Abdul Ahad Mudroo 
 
Jameela 
 
29-12-1989 
 
Male 
 
Single 
 
English , Hindi and Urdu 
 
Garvebhavipalya, Bangalore 560068 

http://www.ijcea.com/incorporating-virtualization-map-reduce-efficient-data-movement-hadoop/
http://www.ijcea.com/incorporating-virtualization-map-reduce-efficient-data-movement-hadoop/


 

Project# 
 

Project Title         : Carbook Plus 
Technology          : Spark,  Kafka, Java, Scala, Cassandra, MongoDB, Docker, REST. 
Description          : The objective was to achieve single point of reference to get the vehicle data from the 
various vehicles. This data was analysed to track the location of vehicles, speed, driver behaviour, etc.   

Roles & Responsibilities:- 

 Data Ingestion from multiple sources within real time. 

 Wrote Spark streaming jobs for live tracking of vehicles. 

  Wrote Spark batch jobs to create a logbook of all trips made by vehicle. 

 Wrote Spark jobs to enable Geo fencing mechanism for vehicles. 

 

 

Project# 
 

Project Title         : Big Data Healthcare 
Technology          : Hadoop, MapReduce, HDFS, Pig, Hive, Kafka, Spark, Sqoop, Java 
Description          : The objective was to achieve single point of reference to get the medical data from the 
various databases, devices and wearables. Distributed data residing in heterogeneous data sources is consolidated 
into the target HDFS. Once the data is fetched from various sources, the data is filtered for adhoc, batch analysis 
according to the business needs. 

Roles & Responsibilities:- 

 Loaded the data from multiple data sources to Hadoop (HDFS) using Kafka. 

 Used Jolt library  to transform data.  

 Wrote custom Producers and Consumers for Kafka. 

 Wrote Spark streaming jobs and spark core jobs. 

 Loaded the data from SQL SERVER to Hive using Sqoop. 

 Loading files to HDFS and writing MapReduce jobs to process required data. 

 Wrote Pig and Hive Scripts. 

 Used Spark for faster processing of real time data .  

 Wrote custom queries to query data from Cassandra and HBase. 

 

 

 

Project# 
 
Project Title           : Big Data Logistics 
Technology                        : Hadoop, HDFS, Map Reduce, Apache Pig, Apache Hive, Kafka, Java,  MongoDB 
Description                    : The objective was to achieve single point of reference to get the logistic data from the 
various databases, vehicles, pallets . Distributed data residing in heterogeneous data sources is consolidated into the 
target HDFS. Once the data is fetched from various sources, the data is filtered for adhoc, batch analysis according to 
the business needs. 
 
Roles and responsibilities: 

 Loaded the data from multiple data sources to HDFS using Kafka. 

 Wrote custom Producers and Consumers for Kafka. 

 Used Kafka Streaming API to transform data in real time.  

 Writing Java MapReduce programs to process required data. 



 Wrote custom queries to query data from MongoDB. 

 Writing Pig scripts. 

 Loading data to Hive tables and writing queries to process. 

 

Others# 
 

Project Title         : Data Simulator 
Technology          : Java, Maven  
Description          : The objective was to create a data generator application that could generate the data 
according to data templates supplied and some business rules.  

Roles & Responsibilities:- 

 Wrote java programs for custom data generators. 

 Converting generated data generated in CSV and Json format. 

 

 

Big Data Administration: 

 Setting up of 20 Node Cluster of Hadoop and its components. 

 Setting up of 10 Node Cassandra Cluster. 

 Created Docker images for the various tools like HBase, Kafka, MySql, Cloudera, Spark. 

 Setting up of Docker Swarm Cluster of 20 nodes. 

 

 

 

 


