
















































	


                                     RESUME
                                              R A. Naveen Kumar

                                                                                                                     Email: Naveen.ra1990@gmail.com
Phone: (+91) 8722272747/ +91 9986332227  

Address:

# 972  - 11th main 3rd cross 
Bank colony
Bangalore-560050

	Career Objective:



To take up a challenging career in a progressive and result oriented organization where my talent, hard work, determination, perseverance and attitude would make the Organization and myself very successful.

	Technical Skills



Office Tools:    MS Office (Excel, Word, Outlook etc.)
Applications:   JDEdwards – AS400.

	Soft key Skills



· Effective planning, presentation and organizational skills
· Ability to successfully manage multiple priorities and assignments
· Capability to approach problems both creatively and effectively
· Effective team player bringing enthusiasm and energy in the group
· Ability to deal with people diplomatically

	Work Experience



Organization	: ACCENTURE SERVICES PVT LTD	
Role		: SME (Subject Matter Expert)
Tenure		: July 2014 to till date

Roles and Responsibilities:   

PTP:
Worked with Accounts payable client, handled the below activities (February 2014 to 2017)

1. Payment Run – Running the weekly payment run to pick the invoices which are approved and due for payment
2. Clearing the RTV invoice by doing a dummy payment run to clear RTV invoice from system
3. Reports on Hold invoice
4. Report on suspected duplicate invoice


· Ad-hoc activities.
1. Manual payments -  have urgent payments to be done for suppliers and employees
2. Vendor Master – Review of vendors created ad approving them in system
3. Requesting for Citrix access to existing and new joiners.

· Monthly activities.
1. Month end close – submit month end reports as per client requirement
2. Making the final adjustments to the invoice which are required to be changed in system
3. Aged Creditors Reports – This report is used to check final balance of AP v/s GL to close the AP ledger
4. AP debit balances analysis
5. Reconciling transfer account (Bank Reconciliation)
6. APR- AP Resolution to clear the volumes for dead items.
7. Chasing vendor for debit balances.
8. Clear down the volumes for month end activity.
9. Chasing vendor for refund.

(RTR)

Currently working for the client, handled the below activities (February 2017 to till date)

Roles & Responsibilities in current Role: 				
· Reporting Intercompany reconciliation status to the client on a quarterly basis in weekly governance call, Integration of Reporting AR & AP status reports in separately to client.
· Performing the reconciliations like posting Journal entries manually and uploads, Rule base journal entries (for provisions, deferred, accruals), Foreign currency revaluation in JDE.
· Posting monthly AR and AP invoice as per client requests and quarterly rule based invoices.
· Performing the various account reconciliations and schedule preparations like GL and Sub GL Reconciliation, and Balance sheet Reconciliation.
· Ensuring that timely payments are made to the vendors, customers along with the scrutiny of Vendor’s Account in JDE

Month Activities-

· Clearing the General Ledger accounts open items based on the clearing details.
· Closing of books of accounts monthly basis as per the TAT.
· Handling escalations & preparing Root cause analysis reports to share with management.
·  Training for new resources, providing the information for audit purpose and process related changes.
· Respond to ad-hoc queries and requests from the client.
· Blocking the crest clone for the period end for all the ledgers.
· Preparing the payroll the journals and processing as necessary.



	EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION



· Post-Graduation in MBA (Masters of Business Administration) from Osmania University –  (2011-   2013)
· Graduation in B.Com (Comp) from Bangalore university – (2008-2011)


Declaration:
I hereby, declare that all the information provided above is true to my knowledge

Date	:                                                                                 
 (
[NAVEEN KUMAR .R.A]
)Place   : Bangalore
