













Nirali Patel	                 	  3- Ganraj Duplex 
M: 9725666259			Opp: Ghelani Petrol Pump
Email: Lali1184@Yahoo.co.in		Nizampura, Vadodara- 390 002.


Interest:   To maintain Databases, Administration and Painting.  

Career Objective:
To surge ahead in my career with optimism, sincerity and an asset to the company I would be working for. To seek assignment Executive with an organization that offers a challenge and good opportunity for growth. An Aim is to be associated with progressive organization that gives me scope to update my knowledge and skill in accordance trends and to be part of team dynamically working towards the growth of the organization. 

	Technical Expertise:


1	Operating system like Win XP, Win Vista and Windows 7,
2	Interface Ms Office – 2003, 2007, 2010 and 
3	Other Graphics related all software like (Adobe Photoshop, Coral Draw etc.).

	Work Experiences:

Organization: Jhaveri Securities Ltd. (H.O.)


Tenure: From 22-06-2009 to Present.
	Job Designation: Business Development Executive 
	Work Profile:

	To manage the information within the organization.
	To handle the customers’ queries and volume generation at Branch & Franchisee Level.
	To maintain Database accessibility & Data replication.
	To follow the training manuals and perform speedy & accurate transactions as per defined business rules & report progress on tasks assigned by the immediate supervisor.
	To maintain documentation for setting up the new Branch & Franchisee with Branding & Compliance.
	To contribute towards business improvement and re-engineering processes to bring better productivity.
	To give in dept training to new comers by providing required inputs in time to enable the team to process the task efficiently.

	Skills:

	Strong organizational skills.
	Strong logical and analytical thinker. 
	Ability to concentrate and pay close attention in detail to think broadly and consider impacts across systems and within the organization. 

Organization: NeelTech Engineers. [Family Business]

Tenure: From 01-01-2005 to 20-06-2009.

Job Designation: Database Administrator.

	Work Profile:

	The job involves secured handling the portfolios of customers.
	To maintain the daily working papers and business related records in an orderly manner for the specified field duration.

To process the Data using Software Applications.
To handle performance issues & Table data maintenance.

	Extra Certificates:

IRDA Exam cleared with 52 %.

	NCFM Derivative with 67%.
I have completed a certificate course in graphics design from arena in 2006.

	Project: 	Akruti Arts =>	I have done project with Akruti Arts related to painting and its exhibition in November 2007.  I am still taking the order of paintings on behalf of Akruti Arts since then.


	Education:
I have passed the Graduation in B.com from The Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda in 2004 with 48%.

	I have passed H.S.C. from Gujarat Secondary Education Board, Gandhinagar, Gujarat in 2001 with 72.5%.
	I have passed S.S.C. from Gujarat Secondary Education Board, Gandhinagar, Gujarat in 1999 with 55%.
  
	Personal Profile:

Name:    	  		Nirali Pravinbhai Patel

	Father’s Name:  		Pravinbhai P. Patel 
	Date of Birth:  		1st January, 1984
	Nationality: 		Indian
	Marital Status: 		Single
	Languages Known: 	English, Hindi and Gujarati
	Hobbies: 			Music, Painting, Reading, Collecting of Books.


Place: Vadodara.
Date:  25/11/2011	                                               (Nirali Patel)

