

















































Professional SummaryAnand Vijayan
Key Skills
ASP .Net 
MVC 
JQuery
WCF 
Web API
C# 
VB
MS SQL Server
SSIS 
SSRS
Soft Skills
Agile using Scrum
MS Office Tools
Code Design Patterns


294. Ground Floor, 4th Avenue, Teachers Colony, Koramangala. Bangalore - 34
Ph.: 9686071441/8095484482
anandvijayan.btech@gmail.com
     

Passionate Software engineer with 8+ years of experience in developing robust and secured applications for manufacturing and banking industries. Experience in scaling up the performance of standalone applications, securing the vulnerabilities of web application using static and dynamic code analyzing tools and developing reports and ETL packages using MSBI.
Experience
Jan 2013 – Present
Wells Fargo, Bangalore, Karnataka
Senior Technology Specialist
Responsibilities
Leading the agile team to develop application for Investor services department including Console Applications, Web Applications, Services, SSIS packages and SSRS reports
Part of the safety and soundness program to reduce the security vulnerabilities found in Static (using HP Fortify) and Dynamic (report generated by cyber security team) code analysis of applications used by the client
Developed Single Page Application for the internal team using MVC .Net, JQuery and MS SQL
Individual contributor in the development of SSIS packages for data load applications 
Lead developer for the migration of applications to Azure Cloud
Key Achievement: -
Leading the development end to end from requirement gathering till delivery
Got trained in project management and team performance elevate techniques
Earned MCP certificate in exam 70-480 (Programming in HTML5 with JavaScript and CSS3)
Feb 2010 – Jan 2013
WeP Peripherals Ltd., Bangalore, Karnataka
Software Engineer
Responsibilities
Joined as a Software Trainee to maintain the Web applications used for Ordering printers and cartridges
Involved in the migration of VB.Net web application to C#.Net web application
Developed reports for financial auditing in SSRS
Trained and mentored 2 member team as a Software Engineer
Key Achievements: -
Learned the SDLC process and got the opportunity to work on it
Learned about Data Warehousing using Micro Strategy and MSBI tools
Note: Details of project experience added as Annexure
Education

2005-2009
MG University, Kerala	
B. Tech., in Information Technology with 70%

References
References are available upon request.





3 | Page

4 | Page

Annexure
Nov 2014 to Present
CHUCKY Website
Wells Fargo Bank
Website used by reconciliation department of Investor Services business. This allows users to see the checks collected with its status and allows them to cash into right account. Projects I worked for this application as below: -
· Migration to Azure (Present)
· Bulk request creation facility within the website using AJAX methods 
· Safety and soundness project to avoid the security vulnerabilities in the website using static code scanning using HP Fortify. The issues found are SQL Injection, XSS, Clickjacking etc., are fixed by code enhancement. 
· File transfer to mainframe using IBM Connect Direct
· Excel file handling conversion from JET Library to Open XML
· Centerprise to SSIS migration of 10 data load process to enhance the performance
· Crystal Report to SSRS migration of 30 reports used in the application
	Project Type: Development | My Role: Project Plan, Estimate and Develop | Team Size: 7 | Front End: Web-forms, C# .Net and JQuery | Back End: Entity Framework 5.0 and MS SQL 2012



Aug 2016 to Sep 2016
RFUF Data Load
Wells Fargo Bank
Application contains the data of loans acquired from other banks for servicing. Requirement was to load data received as flat files of size approximately 2GB. Total 6 such files need to be loaded daily. 
	Project Type: Development | My Role: Project Plan, Estimate and Develop | Team Size: 1 | Technologies: C#, Entity Framework 6.0, SSIS Packages, AutoSys Scheduler, MS SQL 2012



Jan 2016 to Aug 2016
WF HLST Time Sheet
Wells Fargo Bank
Application to capture the effort of team members and generate the reports which will help in resource planning, project estimations, track work from home, shift timing and leaves. 
	Project Type: Development | My Role: Project Plan, Estimate and Develop | Team Size: 1 | Front End: MVC .Net, C# and JQuery | Back End: Entity Framework 6.0 and MS SQL 2012






Feb 2013 to Oct 2014
IAM, CCP & DAISY
Wells Fargo Bank
SSIS packages scheduled in AutoSys scheduler to handle data load for applications named IAM, CCP and DAISY which are used for Default loans servicing. My responsibilities was to identify the root cause of problem tickets and provide the fix (DB script or solution) for the same.
	Project Type: Support | My Role: Project Plan, Estimate and Develop | Team Size: 7 | Technologies: MSBI & MS SQL 2012



Jun 2010 to Jan 2013
WePPortal
WeP Peripherals Ltd
The project is for maintaining the organization revenue data and to make available for all kind of analytical and discussion making purpose
	Project Type: Development | My Role: Developer | Team Size: 1 | Front End: C#. Net and Java Script | Back End: ADO .Net and MS SQL 2008



Apr 2011 to Jul 2011
WeP Data Warehouse
WeP Peripherals Ltd
Development of complete data warehouse project for WeP Peripherals Ltd., using MSBI 2008 and Micro Strategy with MS SQL 2008 R2 as back end. Used SSIS package for data loading, SSRS for reporting and SSAS for analytics.
	Project Type: Support | My Role: Project Plan, Estimate and Develop | Team Size: 7 | Technologies: MSBI, Micro Strategy & MS SQL 2008 R2



Jun 2010 to Jan 2013
www.WePWorld.com
WeP Peripherals Ltd
The project is for client’s employees and partners. Partners are able to place their sales order, claims etc., and employees can process the order, manage purchases etc.
	Project Type: Support | My Role: Project Plan, Estimate and Develop | Team Size: 7 | Technologies: VB .Net & MS SQL 2008 R2



