










































CURRICULUM VITAE

Shyam Thadichetti                                                                                                          
Mobile No: +91-9490548727                                                                E-Mail: shyam.t596@gmail.com
                                                                                            
Career Objective:

To work for a reputed organization that provides continuous challenges and competitive work environment, where I can contribute significantly through my sound Mainframe Technical skills.

 Professional Summary:
· Having 2.6 years of experience in Development, Testing and Maintenance of Mainframe applications.

· Experience in COBOL, Java JCL, VSAM, DB2, Documerge & Documaker
· Worked in Enhancement and Maintenance Projects.

· Self-motivated and highly adaptable to the demands of the project in terms of new requirements, meeting deadlines, delivering quality output.

· Interacting with Client’s for Business requirements.

· Experienced in Analysis, Coding and Testing.

· Proficient in preparing detailed test cases and executing them for various stages of testing such as Functional testing and Regression testing.

Academic Background:

· B.Tech in CSE from Sai Spurthi Institute of Technology, affiliated to JNTU - Hyderabad with aggregate of 69%, May 2013.

· Intermediate (M.P.C) from Trinity Junior College, Board of Intermediate Education, Hyderabad with aggregate of 71.5%, April-2009. 

· Class X from Trinity Model Secondary School, Secondary School of Education, Hyderabad, with aggregate of 70.5%, April-2007.
Experience:

	Organization
	Designation
	Duration 

	CSC – Computer Sciences Corporation
	Associate Professional 
	April 2015 to Till ‘date


Technical Skills:

	Operating Systems
	Z/OS, Windows XP/2000 & Linux

	Languages
	COBOL, JCL, Java , JavaScript 

	Databases
	DB2, SQL

	Tools & Utilities
	SPUFI, File-AID, Endevor , Documaker 12.5

	Other tools
	Service Now


Project Details:

Project 1 ( from May 2015 to May 2016):
	Project Name
	Enterprise Integration & Data Management

	Client
	Zurich North America

	Project Location
	Schaumburg, Illinois, USA   


Project Description:
Zurich Insurance Group (Zurich) is a leading multi-line insurance provider with a global network of subsidiaries and offices in Europe, North America, Latin America, Asia-Pacific and the Middle East as well as other markets. It offers a wide range of general insurance and life insurance products and services for individuals, small businesses, mid-sized and large companies as well as multinational corporations. 

In North America, Zurich (www.zurichna.com) is a leading commercial property-casualty insurance provider serving the global corporate, large corporate, middle market, specialties and programs sectors. In addition, Zurich also offers life insurance products and services. 

I have worked for Staging Layer FSCD & FICO, CIID, LOB & ZDCORP application system. Staging layer application is responsible for the formatting, minimal editing and transmission of Zurich US Financial data to and from the FSCD / FICO area of SAP via the mainframe.  The method for movement of data between the mainframe and UNIX is FTP. Data comes from various Zurich US systems into FSCD to produce physical and electronic bills for issuance to Zurich US customers.

The purpose of CIID application is to house Zurich policy and organization information, as well as the policy-to-organization relationship. LOB system is a reference database for Zurich line-of-business codes, such as major line, sub-line, coverage code, as well as their descriptions and other pertinent data.  It also contains the relationships between line-of-business codes and Zurich company codes and state codes.  Service modules are provided for all access variations. The primary function of ZDCORP is to be a reference database for corporate codes and the data pertinent to them, ensuring consistency of codes across all BUs and applications.
Project 2 ( from June 2016 to till date):
	Project Name
	Underwriting Technology Solutions

	Client
	Zurich North America

	Project Location
	Schaumburg, Illinois, USA   


Now I am working for EDD applications. Electronic Document Development (EDD) is responsible to print the policies, checks and bills for different LOB’s. EDD involves in designing and modifying the forms, reprinting the damaged documents. It also supports the PDF conversion of the printed documents and sending them to Zurich Document Warehouse (ZDW). It supports input in XML, Flat File format and provides real and batch mode document creation using Documaker EWPS and Batch Process. Also thru WIP process it supports creation of user editable forms using Documaker - iDocs Solution. 
These projects are an enhancement/development & support project which involves incorporation of client specific requirements, daily and month end cycles of production jobs.

Contribution: 

· Developing code and resolving complex issues.

· Monitoring and reviewing the tasks assigned to team members, resolving their queries and   providing necessary support to them.

· Working on Enhancements depending on the requirements

· Maintaining Quality and standards set in the project for the deliverables

· Coordinating the Deployment by thoroughly validating the modules and packages

· Close down activities of Work Orders that are complete

· Daily Validation of Online Screens and updating Health Check status on the same

· Providing any information or fulfilling requests from clients

· Updating the progress of incidents on Service Now tool with latest updates on them

· Providing On-Call support whenever needed and resolving the issues encountered at the earliest.
Accomplishments:
· Received Good Appreciation from client for meeting expectations and delivering the deliverables on time.
· Maintained good co-ordination with the entire team situated across the globe.

· Delivered all my assignments within speculative time and met the deadlines.
· Received ‘Certificate of Appreciation’ as SPOT from Group Service Manager for significant contribution towards the project.

Personal Details:

Gender                                     : Male

Nationality                              : Indian

Date of Birth                           : 09 Aug 1992

Father’s name                        : Kanakaiah Thadichetti

Languages Known                 : English, Hindi and Telugu.
Declaration:
I am confident to work in a team and I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to the best of my knowledge.

Date: 







                   (Shyam Thadichetti)

Place: Hyderabad.
