


















































Dheeraj Patil	         				Email: patilrajveer0@gmail.com
A/p-Wakare,	                     			Mobile: +91-9096219696
Tal-Karvir, Dist-Kolhapur,
Pin- 416204                                                                                                                                                                                         

Objectives:

To use my technical skills to contribute to organization’s performance. To deliver information and quality in time. To keep improving upon my technical and management skills.

Brief  Introduction:

· 1 years 4 months experience in development.
· N4 appeared(Dec2017)  
· Experience in developing from Japanese specifications and creating test case in Japanese also.
· Good experience in requirement understanding and developing modules.
· Good experience on agile methodology.
· Java as the primary programming language.
· Core expertise are Spring MVC, MyBatis, Struts, Hibernate, JSP, jQuery.
· Good communication skills, interpersonal skills, quick learner and team player.  

TECHNICAL SKILLS:


	Programming Languages
	Java, J2EE, JSP, jQuery, JavaScript.

	Framework
	Spring MVC, Struts.

	Databases
	MySQL, SQL Server.

	Database Persistent Framework
	 iBATIS, Hibernate 

	OS
	Windows, Linux

	Others 
	Bootstrap, EasyUI(JavaScript Library), JSON

	IDE
	Eclipse.

	Tools
	Tortoise SVN, MySql Yog, JIRA(Bug Tracking System)

	Japanese Level
	N5 Certified,N4 Appeared 


Professional Experience:

Unitech Systems Pvt. Ltd.

Duration: August 2016 till Date
Designation:  Programmer


· Project Name: PARTOUT(Japanese-offshore)

 The Project enables the management of the Companies and their employees by monitoring progress and activities and having the administrative control over the employees of specific company. Having control from communication with employees to monitoring what the employees are doing during the work time, video conference, turning on remote machine, real-time messaging in chat rooms. Individual company can monitor their project progress and the take report in excel format or in Gantt chart in the screen. The project is developed with localization in four languages including Japanese as the primary language.

	
Type: Web Application
· Role
· Programmer.

· Technologies and tools used: Spring MVC, MyBatis, JQuery, JSP, CSS, MySql.



· Project Name: Insider Trading E- Compliance

Insider trading system is a web application that enables trading of stock shares, managing account with securities under an organization. Enabling bulk transactions for administrators, email intimation covering all the needs of share marketing with standards of SEBI India. Generating reports, Sending Periodic Email Reminders for various actions.
	
Type: Web Application
· Role
Programmer.
· Technologies and tools used: Struts, Hibernate, JQuery, JSP, JavaScript, MySql, Bootstrap and Easy UI front end UI.

Education:

Bachelor of Computer Science and Engineering, Maharashtra, India.
College: Sanajy Ghodawat Institution, Kolhapur, Maharashtra, India.
Passed in 2016.

PERSONAL INFORMATION:

Date of Birth: 18-Sep-1991.
Languages: Marathi,English, Hindi, Japanese 
Adhaar Card No:347121856868


The above mentioned details are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

                                                          					Dheeraj Patil
