





















































Rahul Kumar 
#Project Engineer 
CELL (+91) 8341740034 • E-MAIL rahul.allen2007@gmail.com 

……………………………………………….................................................................................................................... 

PROFILE 

Working as a Software Developer for one of a Wipro client, where I am responsible for requirement gathering, design analysis, 
product customization, and Rollout of Savvion based applications for Accounts Payable, Case Tracker, and General Accounting 
for their various clients. Team player with Good Communication Skills and excellent coordination with different clients and 
teams. Now seeking to contribute my experience, skills and expertise to enhance, transform and to deliver quality work. 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

 Core Java 

 Struts2 

 HTML5 & JavaScript 

 Data Structures, Junit 

 Oracle SQL & PL/SQL 

 Salesforce Classic Implementation 

EXPERIENCES 

Project Engineer, Wipro Technologies Ltd. 
Project Name: AKRITIV-SFDC [GENPACT]    July, 2018 – PRESENT 

 Akritiv is customized salesforce product developed to fulfil various needs of Genpact partners and Customers in 
processes like Accounts Payable, Accounts Recievable, Case Tracking, Webforms and Helpdesk. 

 The project is mostly into developing and maintaining customized PLM Applications for various clients.  

Responsibilities 

 Implementation and Testing of various modules of CORA PLM applications for different processes. 

 Building Salesforce Communities for Genpact Partners and Customers. 
 Developing process builders and necessary Controllers to perform various actions on CORA AP workflow 

 
 

 
Project Engineer, Wipro Technologies Ltd. 
Project Name: Savvion BPM [GENPACT]      August, 2015 – July, 2018 

 Savvion is a BPM tool used to implement work distribution system for Account Payable. It is an effective process that 
optimizes working capital, sustain cash savings initiative, and enable long term supplier relationship management that 

can help organizations maximize profit. In this Project, I am a part of Proflow Development and Migration Team. 
 

Responsibilities 

 Migration of Proflow Projects including development, customizations, testing and technical assistance after GO LIVE 
of these applications. 

 Developed and migrated two applications with total 5 instances. 

 Resolved critical bugs reported in user acceptance testing as well as during the production hours of newly migrated 
instances. 

 Done changes and customizations in new instances as per user requirement. 
 Provided Technical Assistance to Application Support Team post successful migration of these projects. 



 

EDUCATION 

 
 

PARTICIPATIONS/RECOGNITIONS 

 Class Representative for consecutive three years of MCA. 

 Secured 2nd rank in all the three consecutive years of MCA. 

 Got Best Outgoing Student of the year award of Department of MCA. 

 Awarded by Best Team in current project. 

 Designated as President of Hospitality Team during Annual Function of College. 

 Completed Certificate Program in Managing Interconnected Networking Devices [PMIND] from NIIT. 

 

LANGUAGES KNOWN 

 Hindi 

 English 

 Marathi 

 

Degree Passing Year Institution Board/University Percentage 

MCA 2015 MMCOE, Karvenagar, Pune University of Pune 77.57 

BCA 2011 FBMIT, Ranchi Sikkim Manipal University 69.50 

HSC 2007 Gossner College, Ranchi Jharkhand Academic Council 53.40 

SSC 2005 Boy’s High School, Chatra Jharkhand Academic Council 73.40 


