















































Sabeesh M

               
Sabeesh M.K

Flat No: D-12, Galaxy Homes, Moolepadam Road,
Kakkanadu, Ernakulam, Kerala, India - 682021 

(Mobile) 09946047745

Sex: Male

Marital status: Married
Date of Birth: 23/05/1979

Email: sabeeshmk@yahoo.com
Current Industry: IT-BP0/Computer Hardware/Networking

Current Sub Functional Area: Technical Support

Total Years of Experience: 8 years
Designation: Senior Specialist- Quality (Acting Team Leader)
Current Location: Kochi (India)

CTC: 3.6 lakhs/annum
Education: B-Tech (Electronics Communication) from Mahatma Gandhi University in 2002 
Certification(s)/ Programme(s) Attended: 

MCP, CCNA and Red Hat Certified Engineer (Linux) 
Professional Experience: 

September 2004 - Present at Sutherland Global Services 

Job Profile: Working in a leading global provider of outsourced, COPC Certified Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) services, Technical Support Centre. 
Nature of work in Symantec process
· Managing a team of 20 associates in achieving team targets and SLA's set by the management.
· Conducting team meetings to discuss performance, organizational policies and process updates.

· Mentoring & coaching the team.

· Monitor individual performance and providing timely/specific feedback to individuals in an effective manner.
· Attending Client calls and Escalations.
· Conduct audits for the team on a daily basis for Quality Assurance.
· Support/Encourage and motivate team members for better performance.

Achievements: 
Received the best performer award during the technical training period. 

Received the best Technical Support Engineer award from March 2005 to May 2005.
December 2002-June 2004 at Online PC Essentials Pvt Ltd 

Job Profile: 
Worked as Computer Hardware Engineer supporting software, hardware and networking issues.
· Expertly installed, configured and troubleshoot desktops and laptops and related hardware on all OS platforms. 

· Resolution of hardware and software issues both remotely and onsite. 
· Performed installation, configuration and trouble shooting of printers.
· Resolved Windows related issues, Internet Explorer issues, removing computer viruses and other PC software related issues.
Objective: 
I am now looking to build on my extensive range of technical skills within a suitably challenging role. I am keen to achieve further professional development. 

IT Skills: 

	Skill Type 
	Skill Name 
	Proficiency 
	Last Used 
	Years of Experience 

	OS 
	Windows7, Vista, XP, 

ME, 98, , 2000 
	Expert 
	2010 
	8

	OS 
	Linux 
	Expert 
	2007 
	2


Software Knowledge: 

Application Languages: JAVA 

Operating Systems: - WINDOWS, LINUX and MS-DOS.
Concepts Known:

Computer Architecture & Organization, Object Oriented Programming Concepts, Computer Hardware and Networking.

Details of B.TECH: 
Seminar: Protein Memory 

Mini Project: Object Counter Using CMOS IC's 

Project: 89C51 Flash Programming & Verification. 
Additional Information: 

Extra-Curricular Activities: Was a member of Engineering College Cricket Team. 

Hobbies: Music, Sports, Driving. 
I here by declare that the information above is true to the best of my knowledge. 

    




       Sabeesh M.K                                                      
