
















































KALPANA KALYANASUNDARAM
	Email:      kalpana10kb@gmail.com
Mobile:     +91 9940186334                                 


Career objective:
Seeking for a job to pursue a highly rewarding career and healthy work environment where I can utilize my skills and knowledge efficiently for the organizational growth.
Educational Qualification:
	Qualification
	Institution
	Year of passing
	Percentage

	B.Tech (Information Technology)
	K.C.G. College of Technology, Anna University, Chennai
	  2017
	6.98 (CGP)

	HSC
	Guru Gnana Sambandar Mission   Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Mayiladuthurai
	  2013
	68%

	SSLC
	Guru Gnana Sambandar Mission   Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Mayiladuthurai
	  2011
	77%



Technical skills:
· Programming Languages:  C, C++, Java
· Frontend Technologies: JavaScript
· Web Technologies:  HTML, XML
· Database: Oracle
· Operating Systems: Windows 10, Linux
Project Experience:
· Design Optimization using Crowdsourcing
Abstract: Crowdsourcing is the disperse problem solving model in the domain of Datamining that has emerged in recent years. Crowdsourcing is designed to relieve the user from the burden dealing with the crowd. The Motivation of the project is the registered users or any group of audience from social media who are registered can rate the designs from Number of designs provided by the designers and filter by the admin based on different contexts and the filtered rated designs are displayed to the end users or customers. The project is mainly for the particular boutique shop. The project is based on query optimization: cost-based and latency based query optimization.

· Android application development for generating internal marks
Abstract : Using this application we can generate and check internal marks which is useful for students

Workshops attended:
· Mobile application development workshop at KCG College of technology
Professional Memberships:
· Computer Society of India(CSI)
· International Association for Engineers(IAENG)
Areas of interest:
· Database Management System
· Computer networks
Value Added Course:
· Multimedia

Personal Details:
Date of Birth: 10.09.1995
Father’s Name: Mr. P. Kalyanasundaram
Contact Address: Old. No. 10/10, New No. 25/10, Kapaleswarar Apartments,
		     Gandhi Nagar, Adyar, Chennai – 600 020
Permanent Address: No. 2/73, Main road, Arupathy & (Post), Mayiladuthurai (VIA),
		           Nagapattinam (District) – 609 309
Languages known: English, Tamil
