





































1 
 

Priya G 
 

 

Seeking for challenging position in the organization that offers opportunity for professional growth and allows me to 
display my experience. Looking forward to use my skills for the betterment of the company and to increase my 
potential as well 

 

 

 Languages  : Python 

 Web Technologies  : HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, JQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap3 

 CMS                     : Drupal 

 Database         : MySQL, SQL Server 

 Operating System           : Windows Family 

 IDE's   : Dreamweaver, Sublime, PyCharm 

 

August 2014 – Current 
Analyst, ANZ Support Services Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore, Karnataka 

PROJECTS: 

Name: CIS Extractor 

Data extractor to make the user job easy from multi step download to one click. This app helps user to get data 
related to given company/s in formatted excel file. There were 9 different tools like suppliers, buyer, financials, 
segment information etc.  
 
Platform used   : Python, MS SQL, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap (Material Design), JavaScript, 

 JQuery (IgniteUI.js) 
Roles and Responsibilities : designing, developing, testing and maintaining. 
 

Name: Organizational Chart 

This App gets the professionals having relationship with given company/s and revenue generated by the professional 
from selected company. Professionals and company relationships were showed using D3 chart.  

Platform used   : Python, MS SQL, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery (D3.js)  
Roles and Responsibilities : designing, developing and testing. 
 

Name:  ANZ Style guide 

An static webpages with full design which will be used for all the upcoming web app or other tools built. Responsive 
pages were designed including all components used like forms, menus, modal, labels etc. Material Design Bootstrap 
was used  

Platform used      : HTML, CSS, Bootstrap (Material Design Bootstrap)  
Roles and Responsibilities : designing and testing 
 

 

Work Experience 

CAREER OBJECTIVE  

Bangalore, Karnataka 

+91 7411896434 

priyaganesh833@gmail.com 

Technical Proficiencies  



2 
 

 

Name:  Conexus web app 

This web app is built to help user to get insights of selected company. Conexus included all the financial and 
analytical informations for the selected company in different visual display options. 

Platform used   : Python, MS SQL, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery (D3.js)  
Roles and Responsibilities : documentation and testing 
 
ACADEMIC PROJECTS: 

 

 

Bachelor, Computer Applications      Graduated, 2014 
Sri Jagadguru Renukacharya Degree College, Bangalore University  Marks 73%    

Pre-University course        Graduated, 2010 
Sri Jagadguru Renukacharya PU College, Pre University Board   Marks 62.16%    

SSLC          Graduated, 2008 
H.T.M English School, Karnataka Board      Marks 80.80%    

 

 

• Eager to learn and improve constantly  • Good team worker  • Trustworthy     

• Lead and organized team activities   • Self-management   

 

 

Father’s Name : Mr. Ganesh. A   Marital Status  : Single 

Birthday : 20 January, 1993   Nationality  : Indian  

Gender : Female    Languages Known : English, Tamil, Kannada and Hindi 

 

 

Declaration 

I, hereby declare that the information contained herein is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 

Bangalore, Karnataka           Priya. G 
       

E-Tendering E-Tendering is carrying out the traditional tendering process in an Electronic 
form, using the internet 

Temple Management System This project mainly helps the client in data management and generating reports 

•  NSS volunteer (2010 - 2013)                                •   NCC Cadet (2009 - 2010)         •  Attended Basic Sign Language   

  
  

Extracurricular activities: 

Education 

Skills and Strengths 

Personal Details 


