
















































DINESH M.
23, Rajeshwari Nagar, 1st Street							
L.I.C Nagar 6th Main,								
S.Kolathur,							          
Chennai - 600117					        Email	: mdinesheee93@gmail.com
Tamilnadu						        Mobile	: +91 9698438663.
	

Career Summary: 

1. Working as Associate System Engineer for Aiway Solutions India Private Limited from March 2016 to till date
1. Extensive Skills in JAVA, JSP, EJB, MYSQL, JDBC
1. Ability to set goals and achieve them on a regular basis
1. Self-confidence, total commitment, patience and positive attitude towards situations
1. Strong troubleshooting and analytical skills
1. Has strong ability to learn new technologies in short span and implement independently

Skill Set:
Programming languages		: Java, JDBC, J2EE, JSP, EJB, MYSQL, Basics of Spring, CSS,
  JavaScript 
Applications			: MATLAB, Photoshop, Eclipse
Office Suite			: MS Office-2003, 2007, 2010, 2016
Platform worked on		: Windows XP, 7, 8.1, 10, Linux

Work Experience: 

Project: Education Enterprise Application (EEA) 
Client: An Island 
Duration: March 2016 to till date
Role: Team Member (Developer)
Technologies:  Java 7.0, JSF Frame Work, EJB, Prime faces 5.0, JavaScript 
Scope: EEA is a School and college management software developed to manage day by day school and college operations easily and efficiently. Its primary aim is to automate all activities related to school and college, starting from creating, configuring and maintenance of all management activities including user management, defining term and shift, admission process, class design, course ware design, time table generation and so on. One can perform these activates with few clicks and minimum entries hence enhance the efficiency level of management and student services to its optimum.
Responsibilities:
1. Involved in Analysis and requirement gathering for the existing educational system needs
1. Design analysis, Coding and Unit Testing in module level
1. Involved in developing business objects using session EJB
1. Fixing bugs reported and working on enhancements and change requests





Academic Qualification:

1. Graduated as Bachelor of Engineering in the stream of Electrical and Electronics Engineering (EEE) from V.S.B Engineering College, Karur under Anna University Chennai in May, 2015 with CGPA of 6.88
Certificate Courses:
1. Completed Java, JDBC, Servlet, J2EE Course from FITA Academy, Chennai 
Achievements:
1. Presented a Paper on the topic ‘Remote detection of illegal electrical usage via power line communication’ in National level technical symposium at Maharaja Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
1. Won the Third prize in ‘Circuit Debugging’ in National level technical symposium at Maharaja Institute of Technology, Coimbatore  
1. Presented a Paper on the topic ‘Green Power Generation’ in National level technical symposium at Kalaivani College of Technology, Coimbatore
1. Participated in a Global Level workshop on E-hack on 27th and 28th of July’13, the largest and longest information security hands-on workshop globally that made me an official Record Holder in ASIA BOOK OF RECORDS and INDIAN BOOK OF RECORDS and also in TAMILNADU BOOK OF RECORDS
Personal Details:
Full Name		: Dinesh M.	
Father’s Name		: Mr.K.Murugesan
Mother’s Name		: M.Mani
Date of Birth		: 06/10/1993
Gender			: Male
Marital Status		: Single
Nationality 		: Indian
Known Languages	: English (Read/Write/Speak); Tamil (Read/Write/Speak)
Hobbies		: BlogSpot, Net surfing, LinkedIn, Photoshop







Declaration:
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief

Place: Chennai									
Date:											(M.Dinesh)							

