































Malyka Cardoz Lobo - HR generalist with 7.6 years of progressive experience. - VisualCV


MALYKA CARDOZ
LOBO

HR generalist with 7.6 years
of progressive experience.

 Pune, Maharashtra

 +91 9820669574

Malyka.c@gmail.com

  linkedin.com/in/malyka-cardoz-
62127215/

  ADDRESS : Severina Apts, Flat no. 6,
Opp.Shri Guru Ram Krishna Society,
Pashan, Pune, 411021.

HR professional having a total of 7.6
years of work experience in HRBP,
Payroll, General HR Administration &
recruitment with exposure to varied
culture & climates in the ITES
industry
Experience in facets of Talent
Engagement, Talent Management,
HR- Recruitment, Induction, On
Boarding, Employee Relations,
Employee development, Welfare &
benefit Administration, Employee
Relations, Payroll, MIS, Exit
Interview, Reporting & Analytics.
Exposure to policy implementation,
Employee information system,
Statutory compliance, Relationship
Management, mentoring, motivating
& Counseling, team building
management
Ability to perform as focal point and
subject matter expert for all HR
A keen communicator with an ability
to relate to people across
hierarchical levels in the
organization.

JUN 2018  -
Date

Manager - Human Resources  ( HRBP  )
Talentedge Education Ventures. Pvt. Ltd.
Key Responsibilities ( HR –Business Partner)

Designing, implementation & driving of HR policies in collaboration
with the business.
Designing & implementing programs around Reward & Recognition,
anchored on performance.
Attrition Management through various HR intervention.
Employee query & grievance management.
Change Management in collaboration with Business Heads in
alignment of company policies.
Hiring done through campus , vendor management.
Ensuring timely payroll inputs are shared with payroll team.

OCT 2015 -
JUN 2018

Assistant Manager – Human Resources (HR Business
Partner)
WNS Global Services Pvt Ltd.
Key Responsibilities ( HR –Business Partner)

Custodian for all HR Activities for a large UK based Utilities client for
Pune location –500 +FTEs
Responsible for working in close coordination with the Business Unit/
Site & Stakeholders and providing strategic HR support to the process
to achieve Business Delivery Targets, Transformation Plan,
Operational Parameters and People Management Targets.
Work closely with the operations teams in implementation of
Retention Strategies for the process and develop initiatives to support
the same. Also responsible for the Attrition Targets of the process.
The attrition number standing for my process has been best not only
amongst all locations for this particular client but also for Pune site
as well, being the best in 5 years.
Attending regular meetings (Monthly, Quarterly & Half Yearly Business
Reviews) & setting and maintaining expectations with Internal and
External Customers
Solely responsible for creating Developmental Career Path
Frameworks for Band A (Frontline Level) and Band B (Mid Managerial
Level). Also, ensuring Training and Development to the Operations
team on HR policies, practices and systems to achieve self-
sufficiency and shared accountability.
Involved with Frontline Hiring through 100% Pre Hire Orientations in
order to minimize possibilities of bad hires.
Reviewing and analyzing business unit data to identify trends and
recommend solutions to improve performance, retention, and
employee experience (Attrition Analysis, Early Warning Signals).
Responsible for Proactive Headcount, Billability, Pipeline, Payout,
OpAs etc. Analysis and monitoring and further sharing inputs with
Operations and MIS teams.
Conducting investigations to identify root cause for policy breach and
fix process gaps.
Close check on MSA compliance with regards to HR aspects –
Attrition Numbers, BGV, Hiring criteria while ensuring complete
compliance for client and org audits,Responsible for managing
Succession Planning (Internal & External) for critical positions in the
BU
Quick Resolution of Employee Grievances by acting as interface
between COEs, Business and HRSS for enhancing people experience
at these touch points and providing appropriate resolution within
stipulated time frame.
Liaising and strategizing policies and interventions in almost all sub
functions of HR like Talent Acquisition, Training, HR Analytics,
Compensation and Benefits to support the overall business
proposition.
Running the Annual Compensation Review/ Appraisal Exercise along
with the intermittent Role Change/ Salary Correction/ Promotion
Cycles as well. Designed Performance Calibration Process with the
bell curve & reward inputs for the Front Line Managers.
Recognized proficiency in undertaking HR workflow and Workforce
management and improved initiatives for  enhanced HR operational
efficiency. Involved in org. level projects/initiatives and helping

SUMMARY  

Work experience  

mailto:Malyka.c@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/malyka-cardoz-62127215/
https://talentedge.in/
http://www.wns.com


Strategic workflow management
Forecasting and Scheduling
Capacity Planning and Seat
Utilization
Real time people management for
the process
SLA/ TAT Management (HR
perspective)
Migrations, Transitions, Transfers
Balanced Scorecard
Performance Management, MIS,
Business reporting for various
Dashboards (Attrition, Pricing,
Pipeline, forecasting, SU etc.)

Part of the Client required HR
integration Project between India
and our International Delivery
Centres
Spearheading the customized RnR
Program penetration in specific
Business and Locations
Driving various HR Projects wrt
Business, Locations and COEs
Identifying Process gaps, anomalies
and further commencing process
improvement and corrective plans
of action
Supporting in Goal Setting for
various Business Units and
International Delivery Centres.

various BUs to build sustainable practices and processes
NTP – Nurturing Talent Program 

NTP is a structured, certification based, career development
Program for Senior Associates (A2).This program provides
opportunities for Senior Associates (A2) to get trained, certified
and get promoted to Lead Associates (A3) band in any line of
work (function) they want to progress in.

MDP – Managers Development Program – ‘Illuminaires’
MDP is a systematic and scientific approach to provide a training
pathway for a DM (Band BII) to move up to the next Designation.
This program consists of a structured approach to IDP creation
following a series of customized trainings and workshops,
enabling Managers to map multiple career path scenarios, review
job competencies and evaluate skill gaps. This program ensures a
talent pool of role ready Deputy Managers to move up the
corporate ladder as and when the requirement arises.

Due to these Projects, 30% of the target group was role ready for the
next level within 1 year, thus benefiting our succession planning
agenda as well. Currently, at our M3 and M4 levels, 100% of
candidates are internally moved rendering us with absolutely 0 cost
for hiring.

DEC 2013 -
NOV 2014

Senior Executive – Human Resources (HR Business Partner)
L&T Investment Management (L&T Mutual Fund)
Key Responsibilities ( HR –Business Partner)

 Responsible for end to end HR activities for business unit of 200+ staff.

Support organizations effectiveness through proper alignment of
people, process and structure with business strategies.
Align & integrate the strategic capabilities of the company’s HR with
BU business plans
Conduct timely meeting with the stockholder on ongoing concerns/
issues with respect to day to day business activities.
Manage & drive performance appraisal cycle from goal setting to final
rating discussion.
Manage and drive corporate HR initiatives.
Involvement in performance rating calibrations,
Responsible for complete recruitment of on roll and off roll
employees

 

OCT 2010 -
MAR 2013

Research Associate - Recruitments
ABC Consultants
Key Responsibilities

Responsible for recruitments across middle and senior levels
Identifying and mapping the relevant talent pool
Sourcing of potential candidates through Head-Hunting, Job Portals
Mapping, Networking and Referencing
Creating and updating candidate data bases
Conducting the preliminary round of interviews
Assessing, Evaluating and analyzing the fitment of Candidates.
Recommending candidate fitments
Coordinating the entire recruitment process between candidates and
client organsiations
Post joining formalities of raising potential bill value to the client and
following up for the payment at the earliest.
Prepared Market intelligence surveys.

Achievements
Independently closed manager level requirements, thus effecting a
revenue of Rs 15,23,574 whilst being a non-billable resource.

JUL 2009 -
OCT 2010

Associate Consultant - HR
Planman HR Pvt. Ltd.
Key Responsibilities

Responsible for compiling and structuring the relevant information
about the search assignments
Provide information and assist consultants in recommendation
decisions with regards to the fitment of a potential candidate for

 KEY SKILLS  

PROJECTS  

https://www.ltfs.com/companies/lnt-investment-management.html
https://www.abcconsultants.in/
http://www.planmanhr.com/


Year Course /
Institute

  Grade

2011-14 MBA
Welingkar
college

 1st Class

2007-08 B.Com
Burhani
College

 1st Class

2004-05 HSC
Burhani
College

 1st Class

2002-03 SSC

St. Agnes
High
School

 1st Class

I love travelling and experimenting with
food.

Meeting friends and spending time with
my family are also things i look forward
to.

" I am convinced that nothing we do is
more important than hiring and
developing people. At the end of the
day you bet on people and not
strategies alone "  - Lawrence Bossidy

certain positions.
Leading search efforts through various sources like job site ,
networking and Head hunting
Creating, maintaining and Updating the Master Search lists for the
various functions
Telephonically interviewing candidates.
Scheduling and coordinating interviews between clients and
candidates
Have independently handled assignments until the Client interaction
stage

Achievements
Closed a position/requirement within the first week on the job.

SEP 2008 -
DEC 2008

Officer, Human Resources (Internship)
Network18 with CNBC TV 18
Key Responsibilities:

Recruitment:

Understanding the job profile.
Sourcing candidates from job portals and through networking.
Posting requirements on the internal and external job portal.
Initial screening of resumes.
Evaluating candidates over the phone.
Scheduling and Lining up interviews.
Initial round of Interviewing.
Liaising with the Line Heads and candidates.
Facilitating the end to end recruitment Process.

 HR Operations

Preparing job descriptions.
Preparing and updating the recruitment database.
Preparing offer letters.
Conducting joining formalities.

Achievements
Closed a position/requirement within the first week on the job.

References will be provided on request.

EDUCATION  

HOBBIES  

FAMOUS QUOTE  

Refrences  

http://www.network18online.com

	Work experience
	JUN 2018 Date
	Manager - Human Resources  ( HRBP  )
	Talentedge Education Ventures. Pvt. Ltd.


	MALYKA CARDOZ LOBO
	HR generalist with 7.6 years of progressive experience.
	OCT 2015JUN 2018
	Assistant Manager – Human Resources (HR Business Partner)
	WNS Global Services Pvt Ltd.

	SUMMARY
	KEY SKILLS
	PROJECTS
	DEC 2013NOV 2014
	Senior Executive – Human Resources (HR Business Partner)
	Research Associate - Recruitments
	Associate Consultant - HR

	EDUCATION
	SEP 2008DEC 2008
	Officer, Human Resources (Internship)

	HOBBIES
	FAMOUS QUOTE
	Refrences



