


















































Gaurav Kandari
Email ID- Gauravkandari001@gmail.com 
Contact No. +91-8505817315
Career Objective-
To seek challenging assignment and responsibility, with an opportunity for growth and career advancement as successful achievements.

Technical Skills:
1. Excellent  Knowledge of MS Word, Power point &Presentation Skills
1. Good Knowledge MS Excel

HR Generalist professional training:
From - SLA Consultants India

Study curriculum:
1. Statutory & Legal Compliance
1. Compensation and Benefits
1. Payroll Processing
1. Tax planning
1. MIS and Advance Excel Training 
1. Recruitment & Selections Process

Working Experience:

HR Executive
Champ Info Software
Aug 2018 to Present
Handling the recruitment and operation activities. Responsible for End to End recruitment. Sourcing the candidates through various Job boards, through references and bulk mailing. Prescreening and line up interview (telephonic or Face to face). Co ordinate with Concern manager for the feedback. Follow up with the candidates until they join. Roll out offer letters and administering the joining formality, on boarding to exit. Handling employee engagement, grievances, and welfare.

HR & Administration Executive
Somya Translators Pvt. Ltd.
Jan 2018 to Aug 2018
Identify effective recruitment channels to post openings and reach out to active and passive talents & hire the best-suited candidate. Identify & hire best language translators & Interpreters according to the project needs through various online portals. Understand and comply with all internal control procedures. To manage and supervise front office operations. Managing and assisting basic arrangement for client visit and board meetings. Responsible for Handling Calls, Guiding Visitors, Coordination with various departments for admin work like Courier, Bills, and Payments etc. Stock management. Responsible for maintaining all the registers as attendance, movement, visitors, call tracker etc. Monitor office supplies and research advantageous deals or suppliers. Produce reports & presentations as & when required. Develop and carry out an efficient documentation and filing system. Taking care of office administration. Recommend and implement improvement in work processes and procedures within area of responsibility. To perform other tasks or projects as assigned.

HR Executive
Twin's group
Oct 2016 to Jan 2018 
Sourcing, evaluation and recruitment of candidates Development and implementation of office policies and procedures Development and implementation of employee related policies, procedures, performance Appraisal system and engagement activities Gaining insight of project management system and its effective implementation Ensuring proper documentation of files and records, online and offline Other tasks as may be required time to time
Computer knowledge-
· Expert in basic use of computer
· Internet savvy
Academia-
· Bachelor Of Business Administration From Institute of Management Studies Affiliated from Chaudhary Charan Singh University,2013-2016, with 68%
· 12th Passed from CBSE , with 60%
· 10th Passed from CBSE, with 8.0 CGPA 
Personal Details-
Name					:	Gaurav Kandari
Sex					:	Male
Date of Birth				:	18.03.1996
Father’s Name				:	Bhavan Singh Kandari
Language Known			:	English & Hindi

DECLARATION 
	I hereby declare that all the particulars furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Place: Ghaziabad
Date:										
		(Gaurav Kandari)		
