

















































A.MAREESWARI	

Vijay royal women’s hostel,
: 9487301366							Ekkatuthangal, Chennai-600 032.                                                                                                
: mareespunitha@gmail.com			

Objective:					
	I would prefer a technically challenging job that demanding innovation and thinking. Also seeking a challenging career that encourages continuous learning, updating skills and applying the learned skill for the growth of the organization.
Profile Summary:	
· Having 3+ years of software development experience in developing Windows and Web based applications
 using Microsoft .NET Technologies.
· Ability to learn quickly and apply new skills to existing problems.
· Interpersonal skills with the ability to work as an individual and as a team player. 
· Extensive Experience in writing stored procedures with SQL Server 2008.
· Involved in all phases of the project (Designing the forms, coding, unit testing, defect fixing.)
· Deploy the Application on the IIS Server.
Technical Skills:
	Programming Language
	C#.Net,ADO.Net

	Database
	MS-SQL Server2008 R2

	IDE
	Microsoft Visual Studio(Framework-3.5,4.0,4.5)

	WebTechnologies
	Asp.Net MVC,Asp.Net, Ajax-enabled WCF Services,HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, JQuery

	UI Technologies
	Bootstrap 3.0

	Source Control
	SVN

	Platform
	Windows Xp/7/8/10.

	Software Development Methodology
	WaterfallMethodology, Agile Methodology


Work Experience:
· Software Engineer, DSSI Solutions India Private Ltd,, Chennai, July 2016- Till date
· Software Engineer, Vignana Solutions, Chennai, April 2015- July 2016
· Software Engineer, Kaizen Techno Soft, Chennai, May 2014- April 2015

Project Experience:
Project Name: ACheck Direct 3.0, Jul 2016 –till date
Technology Used: C#.Net, ASP.NET MVC , MSSQL Server 2008, Visual Studio.NET 4.5, Java Script,JQuery

This MVC application will be used by the companies to collect a data from candidate for background verification process. Clients order the background verification for their employees through this application. There are different types of packages and alacarte verification components are available in thisapplication, based on the Selected verification components the steps will be created. For each step client provide the candidate information. Once the order is submitted then the collected information will be send to the another application IA (information Automation) to do the background screening.

Project Name:ACheck Direct 2.0, Jul 2016–till date
Technology Used: C#.Net, ASP.NET, MSSQL Server 2008, Visual Studio.NET 3.5, Java Script, JQuery, AJAX
This web application designed for the companies to manage the background verification process for their employees.  Clients order the background verification for their employees through this application. For each order a file is created, there are different types of packages and alacarte verification components are available in the application, based on the requirements client can order the different types of background verification.   Based on the order required information for each verification will be collected by the application and once the order is submitted then the collected information will be send to the  another application IA(information Automation) to do the background screening. Each verification process will be maintained in a file. From the ACheck Direct application each stages of the verification will be reviewed by the client. Once the background screening process is done then it will be ready for the client to review.

Project Name: Information Automation, Jul 2016- till date
Technology used: C#.Net, MSSQL Server 2008, Visual Studio .NET 3.5
This is windows application used the verification department. This application revives the files from ACheck Direct. Sometimes files can be created from this application itself. Each file will be assigned to the verification representatives for background screening. Received data’s can be verified manually or through automations.Verification department employees verify the provided information against the original information for each component. Once all the components in the files is completed then the files is closed and available to the client for review. The clients review files through ACheck Direct.

Project Name: HMS-Hospital management System, April 2015- July 2016
Technology Used: C#.Net, ASP.NET, MSSQL Server 2008, Visual Studio.NET 4.0, Java Script, JQuery, AJAX
It is a web application;It’s related to the hospital management system that product unique in hospital environment it covered the all functionalities of hospital. The modules of application tool are: doctor, lab, pharmacy, Ward, Finance, Billing Information, etc., overall it manages all the information of patient from the moment of walk-in till the patient walks-out enhancing the good rap pot between the Patient and medical system within a quick span
Project Name:Apartment Maintenance, May 2014- April 2015
Technology Used: C#.Net, ASP.NET, MSSQL Server 2008, Visual Studio.NET 4.0, Java Script, JQuery, AJAX, Ajax-enabledWCF Services
It is a web application;This project is fully developed on web based application. It has seven modules they are masters, employee, jobs, client, etc. And the project is used for maintain an apartment service for the respective blocks and room numbers based on weekly, monthly and yearly schedules.
Educational Qualification:	
· UG    (2014)	: B.E (CSE)	: 71% from P.S.R EngineeringCollege, sivakasi.
· HSC   (2010)	: State Board	:74% from GHSS,Thiruvengadam.
· SSLC (2008)	: State Board	: 87% from GHSS,Thiruvengadam.

Personal Details:
	Father’s Name			: G.Antonyraj
	Gender / Marital Status		: Female / Unmarried
	Date of Birth			: March 17, 1993
Nationality			: Indian
Languages Known		: Tamil, English
Permanent Address		: 37,NorthParai Patti,
  Thiuvengadam(post),
  Tirunelveli- 627719.
Declaration
I,A MAREESWARI hereby declare that all the information mentioned above is true to the best of my knowledge.





Place: 											
Date:										Signature:_________________		
