


















































                                                    GANESH.D
   
                                                                                                    ganeshsixever@gmail.com 





                                                    90422 58760



Career Objective:



To work in a professional organization where I can apply my knowledge and skills in a challenging level for the benefit of the company and for my personal job satisfaction.

Personal Traits:
A Goal-oriented team player in maintaining individuality. Leading the team smoothly and efficiently.

Eager to Scale-up and update new technologies.


Professional Summary:
· Determined to resolve the task accurately within the stipulated period.

· Efficient to provide excellent results at all levels.

· Possess good qualities to convince and accept the requisite ideas presented.

· Effective leader at the same time, a good team player.

· Enhancing process oriented training and huddles within the Team.

· Persevering towards the targeted goals. 


Academic Qualifications:

	COURSE
	INSTITUTION
	YEAR OF COMPLETION
	PERCENTAGE

	B.E
	Apollo Priyadarshanam            Inst.of. technology
	2014
	71.2%

	HSC
	Shikshaa. Mat. Hr. Sec. School
	2010
	60%

	SSLC
	Saviour Jesus. Mat. Hr.

Sec.school
	2008
	53%




Professional Experience:

· Currently working as Officer in Wipro BPO, Sozhingnallur from Jan 2017 to till date.
Roles & Responsibilities in (US Payroll)-Bi-Weekly Payroll:
· Part of HR operations (HRO) process for a Retail giant in Pet Products and services industry. Payroll team is responsible for end to end payroll for 26000 employees.

· Support the team in processing activities like New Hire Paperwork, Partner Action Notice (PAN) forms, HR Data Correction (HRDC) forms, E-pay enrollment forms, Taxes forms, Separation.
· Payroll team is responsible for authorizing time punches, clearing the problem punches, exporting the payroll hours to PeopleSoft, creating pay lines & pay sheets, loading pay sheets, pulling error report, running multiple reports from biweekly checklist and auditing them to resolve errors, Run pre-calculation audit report, Run calculation process, Checking payroll error messages and payroll confirmation.
· Processing post payroll confirmation activities - running payroll registers, payroll reconciliation, Creating Payrun ID for the next payroll, running Leave accrual file and Average hours accrual file.
· Handling pay related queries from other contact center team and working with the client, if required to resolve them.

· Training the new hires in team, handling escalation emails and updating the respective trackers.
· Previously Working as SME (Subject Matter Expert) in Aagna Global Solution, Chennai from Sep 2014 to Jan 2017.
Roles & Responsibilities at Aagna:

· Help the student who wants to pursue their education after completing ‘High School Diploma (HS) or General Education Development (GED)’.
· Look out for students/working professionals interested in continuing their education from the Job site.
· If he/she is interested in furthering their education we will collect the Area of Interest (AOI) to study.

· Finally we transfer the call to our associate who works directly with the school and he will find the school in their area based on the Area of Interest (AOI).
Academic Project:

    “Power Production from Railway Track through T_Box”
Course Completed:

· Completed the course on ‘Network Engineer’ in HCL Career Development Center, Chennai. 

Achievements &Credentials:

· Good track record throughout the years on quality and productivity at Wipro.
· During the period of employment I have received ‘Star Performer Award’ and ‘Attendance Award’.
Technical Skills:
	Operating System
	Windows

	Language known
	HTML

	Software Tools
	MS Office, People soft 9.0, Day force HCM.BASE.


Personal Information:
Date of Birth 

:  13th May, 1993.

Sex                      
:  Male

Nationality     
:  Indian

Present Address        :  No: 126, Avvaiyar Street, Thiruvika Nagar, Hasthinapuram,
                                       Chrompet, Chennai-64.
Contact Number
:  9042258760
Languages Known    :  English, Tamil (Read, write, speak)
Place: Chennai 







Date:








(Ganesh)

