


















































DHANUSHREE J



CURRICULUM VITAE

C SAI SURESH						        Mobile: +919482958049
E-mail: c_saisuresh@yahoo.co.in
	Objective



To succeed as SAP FI Consultant in a dynamic environment of growth and excellence utilizing both analytical and business skills in a complementary manner enhancing self-development and thereby achieving personal as well as organizational goals.
	Professional Details



SAP FI Certified Associate [By ATOS-Authorized SAP Partner]-Certification Id: 0019295280

	Educational Qualification



 MBA in Finance:  Dayananda Sagar College of Engineering (2012).
 B.E in Mechanical Engineering:  Dayananda Sagar College of Engineering (2010).

	Technical  Skills



SAP ERP6 EHP 7: Enterprise Software to manage business operations and customer relations.
· FI-GL: Configuring and Customizing of enterprise structure, Financial Accounting global
      settings, General ledger Accounting.
· Accounts Payable: Configuring And Customizing Vendor A/C group Vendor Master data, 
      Automatic Payment Program, House Bank Customization. 
· Accounts Receivable: Configuring and Customizing Customer A/C group , Customer Master
      Data, Configuring Dunning Procedure.
· Assets Accounting : Configuration and Customizing of Assets ,  Maintained Asset Master 
      Data-Acquisitions, Retirements, Transfers and Depreciation Run.
· Others: Configuration and Customizing of Fiscal Year Variants, Posting Period Variants, Document Types and Number Ranges, Payment Terms, Tolerance Group, Validation and Substitutions, Document Reversals.

Tally ERP 9: Software suite that helps in maintaining accounts and Inventory.

	Work Experience



1)GMR Group (From September 2017 to March 2018)
Designation: Executive-F&A
Scope and Responsibilities: Responsible for overseeing the financial accounting utilizing SAP.
Key Roles:
1) Verification and Compliances of Taxes.
2) Monthly and Quarterly Finalization of Accounts.
3) Monitoring and reconciliation of Vendor and Service Bills. 
4) Set-Up Process for greater financial accuracy.

2)Prestige Estates Projects Ltd., (June 2015 to September 2017)
Designation: Accounts Officer
Scope and Responsibilities: Responsible for maintaining day to day financial and accounting.  Package through SAP module

Key Roles:
1) Verification of Taxes.
2) Monthly and Quarterly Accounts Finalization
3) Booking of Contractor, Consultant and Brokerage Commission Bills 
4) Coordinating with Contracts and Contractors Teams for smooth functioning of projects
5) Reconciliation of entries in Tally and SAP.

3)iMonitor Solutions India Pvt. Ltd., (April 2013 to March 2015)
Designation: Executive Operations
Scope and Responsibilities: Exposure to the complete functioning of the various aspects of the organization including Finance, HR, Go to market plans and providing ideas on P&L enhancement options.



	Accolades  as Student and Additional Information



· Won in Business Quiz Competition held in the year 2010,
· Honored for Short Film Making held in the year 2011 in inter college fest, worked specifically on “working in Teams”. 
· Won an award in Journey of Entrepreneur Competition, held in 2012. 
· Awarded the certificate of leadership by National Entrepreneurship Network.
· Conducted quiz program for E-WEEK 2011. 
· Visited Bagepalli for Personality Development Program to throw light on diploma students about the process of recruitment. This program was organized by KVK (Karnataka Vidyarthi Koota- an International NGO).
· Organized and Coordinated events for E week 2012.
· Organized and Conducted Pracchana (Quiz Competition) in 2011 and Pracchana2 (Quiz Competition) in 2012 which involved a teamwork. The event was covered and published by Deccan Herald.

	Personal Details



DOB: 6 August 1988
Father’s Name: C Krishnam Raju
Marital Status: Married
Nationality: Indian
Languages known: English, Telugu, Hindi, Kannada.






