













































CURRICULAM VITAE


SAURAV KUMAR 

 
Email: saurav.k.j@gmail.com ~ Contact: 7204572928 

 
Obtain a position that will enable me to use my strong sales skills, technical 
background and abilities to work well with people.  
 
 
Profile: 
 

          Currently working with Impelsys India Pvt Ltd.: Responsible for lead generation, 
nurturing and conversion by prospecting/demo through calls/mail campaigns for elearning 
courseware development services and digital publishing solutions (B2B Solution). 
       
          DeZyre as Lead - Inside Sales (Mar 2015 – Dec 2017) 

  

o Taking care of P&L/revenue for Big Data and Hadoop/Data Science training 
across US market. 

o Educating clients for our project based training and converting them to Sale 
through calls/chat/e-mails. 

 
o Assisting the management in formulating online marketing strategies and 

promotional activities. 
 

o Coordinate with operations/product team about feedback/schedule/customer 
requirement. 

o Managed a team of 3 members for US and India Sales. 
 
iCertGlobal Learning Pvt Ltd. as Inside Sales Manager (July 2014 – Feb 2015) 
 

o Managed Prince2 and Six Sigma courses across assigned geography 
(Australia). 

o Converting the leads to Sale and setting up classroom training. 
      

  

        Simplilearn as Inside Sales Manager(July 2013 – June 2014) 
o Implementing the sales plan and ensuring accomplishment of business goals 

across assigned geography (US and Canada). 
o Develop sales proposals, respond to sales inquiries and concerns over phone, 

electronically and thus leading to increase overall sales and revenue. 
o Timely follow up of the leads and maintain customer database. 
o Monitor and report on sales activities and follow up for management. 
o Preparing short-term sales plan, sales approaches and strategies. 
o Trained new employees on various products i.e. PMP, Six Sigma and ITIL 

Courses’ and the process/tools used. 
 

  Infosys BPO Ltd as Process Executive (Jul 2012 – June 2013) 
 

o Handling customer queries on call/offline for the Client British Telecom. 
 

mailto:saurav.k.j@gmail.com


 
 

 Datar Power Management Pvt Ltd. as Trainee Engineer (July 2010 – Dec 2010) 
 

o Meeting with Electrical Contractors and company authority for technical 
discussion/presentation of the product(APFC Panel) 

o Sending quotation & tenders as per the enquiry of Party 
o Doing Power quality analysis on different sites by Fluke 434 

 
Core Competencies: 
 

 Possess excellent interpersonal, communication and analytical skills with demonstrated 
abilities in management. 

 Ensuring speedy resolution of queries and grievances, maintaining excellent relationship 
with clients to generate revenues for additional business.  

 Enjoy learning new things and quickly adapts to the situation/demand of work. 

 SEO, Google AdWords 
 
 
Academic Details: 
 

 

 B.E(Electrical) from K.K.Wagh Institute of Engineering Education and Research, under 
Pune University with First Class in 2010 at Nashik. 

 H.S.C (CBSE) from Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Birauli, Samastipur, Bihar.  
  

 S.S.C (CBSE) from Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Birauli, Samastipur, Bihar. 
 
Learnt skills by participating in various training programs: 
 
 1) Switchgear & Protection in L&T, Pune- Program for Engineers of Future  
 
2) National level workshop on power quality organized by University of Pune & KKWIEER 
 
 3) State level Workshop for personality development organized by University of Pune &                   
KKWIEER. 
 
PROJECT:  
 

TITLE: AC motor speed control using GSM. 
 

DESCRIPTION: This project describes about starting and speed control of AC motor using GSM.  
 

Personal Details: 
 

Date of Birth:  9th March 1984 
Gender: Male 
Nationality: Indian 
Language known: English, Hindi. 


