



















































RESUME

R.VELMURUGAN

 S/o Ravi.K






 
Mobile: 9095469115

No, 1/281, kalani kattu Steet,


 Email:velravi150@gmail.com

Periya chitteri.

Vellore-632002.


Objective:


 To optimally utilize the present abilities, expertise and knowledge in the organization, so as to enable the organization achieve its goals and at the same time capture opportunities for constant learning and career development.
Previous Organization

1.1 years of experience USAM Technology Solutions Pvt.Ltd. – Chennai (April 2016 to May 2017).Client location (6 month Caterpillar Ascendas, Taramani, Chennai, Another 6 month IIT Madras Adyar, Chennai).

Current Organization

1.3 years of experience Bankbazaar.com (contract) (May 2017 to Till now).
Role: System Administrator (Windows and Linux).
Academic Profile


BE in Electronics and communication engineering  2015 Passed out in 60% at Sree Krishna College Of Engineering,Vellore-101
Diploma in  Electronics and communication engineering(DECE) 2012 Passed out in 82% at Sri Venkateswara Polytechnic Addukamparai Vellore-11
HSC 2009 passed out in 65% at Government Higher Secondary School, Thorapadi, Vellore-2.
SSLC 2007 passed out in 47% at Government Higher Secondary School, Thorapadi,Vellore-2.
Computer Skills:

Programing
:
C,C++,Vb.net

Web page
:
HTML

Server

:
MCSC,RHCE,

Networking
:
CCNA

Typing

:
English lower.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Troubleshooting Hardware related issue and replace the Parts.(Laptop, Desktop, Server)
Maintaining (Windows, Ubuntu, Salt) Servers.
Responsible for Thin client Servers and IP Phones.
L1 support for PRI Lines and Gateway Patton devices.
Desktop, Laptop, workstation and Network Printer Management and installation.
Responsible for End User Support.
Server Management and data backup and installation.

Managing Switches, Routers, Firewall and Wireless access points.
Responsible for L1 and L2 Support.
Email ID creation, deletion and Password Reset for Local Mail Server (Net core).
Symantec Antivirus installing and troubleshooting.
Responsible for Assets.
Configuring & troubleshooting Microsoft outlook 2007/2010/2013 etc. and Thunderbird.

Responsible for software issue.

Resolving issues and providing solution based on the Tickets with SLA timing (Fresh service ticketing tool).

Mapping Network drive to Local drive.

Enable or disable dual monitor as per user request, also configuration and troubleshooting in graphics Card.

Attend to Helpline calls and ensure closure with resolution as per the user request.

Adding the Workgroup PC to Domain.

Coordinate with other related teams like DevOps, InfoSec, Network Team, and Dialler.

Installations of various operating systems like, Win XP, Win 8.1, Win 10, Ubuntu, centos.

Creations of AD accounts and managing roles to desired user or Groups.

Managing Domain user‘s, ID creation, Roaming profile, OU, Maintaining ADS.

Handling the NDC(No due clearance)

Updating OS Security and Software patches.

Configure Wireless & Data card Installation on Laptop.

Enable the EPBX line and Place the Landline phones.

Perform troubleshooting for Network Related Issues.

Domain Knowledge: 

Good knowledge for SSH, SCP, Ansible, Crontab, Vim.
Good knowledge for 2012 R2 server, and DNS, DHCP, GPO, NAT&VPN, RAID. 

Good knowledge for windows server migration.
Good knowledge for Windows AD to Linux client system Authentication Configuration.

Good knowledge for Network concepts (VLAN, VPN).
Good knowledge for IP Segment.

Good knowledge for HP Products (Desktop, Laptop, Server) Hardware replacement.
Inter Personal Skills:

An Optimistic and highly self-motivated person.

Flexibility to adapt new situations.

Dynamic team player.

A quick Learner.

Personal Profile:
Name


:
VELMURUGAN.R                                            

Father Name

:
K.RAVI

Date of Birth

:
19.03.1992

Gender


:
Male

Nationality


:
Indian

Religion


:
Hindu

Marital Status

:
Single

Languages Known
:
Tamil & English

Strength


:         Confident, Positive attitude, Hardworking.

Declaration:

 I hereby declare that information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place:







   Yours Sincerely

Date:







(VELMURUGAN.R)


