














































RESUME 

 

 Career Interest :  

To place in the best employment where my knowledge can be 

put into use and again practical experience to the peak 

performance. 

 

Academic Qualification: 

 B.B.A (Bachelor of Business Administration)  

(2015-2018) St. Joseph’s College of Arts &          

Science Kovur, Chennai. 

 

 Higher Secondary 
(2015) Nav Bharath Vidyalaya Matric Hr Sec  
School Mangadu, Chennai – 600 123  
 

 S.S.L.C  
(2013)  Govt. High Sec School 
Pallikarani, Chennai – 600 100.  
 

Others Skills :  

 Strong analytical, problem solving and client interaction  
skills 

 Strong level fundamental interaction skills 

 Ability to grasp new technical things quickly 

 Good interpersonal skills with an ability to understand  
the customers problem and solving them 

 Training new employees and getting them quickly 

 Computer Knowledge : MS OFFICE, DCA, BABBAGE  K8 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
BHARATH KUMAR. A 
Old No. 26/1, New No. 42, Saraswathi 
Basu Nagar, Manacherry, Kundrathur, 
Chennai – 600069. 
 
 
Father Name    :   V. Ananda kumar 
Mother Name  :   A. Krishna kumari 
DOB                     :   11/06/1998 
Gender               :   Male 
Nationality       :   Indian 
Marital Status  :   Single 
 
Mob :  9840635908 
Email Id : benzbharath666@gmail.com 
 

Languages Know : 
 

 English : (Speak & Write) 
 Tamil    : (Speak & Write) 
 Telugu  : (Speak only) 

 
Hobbies :  
 

 Playing Cricket, Carom 
 Books reading, singing, 

Watching news channels, bike 
riding  
 
 

Personal Strength :  
 

 Positive thinking & confidence 
 Listening Skill 
 Ability to motive others 
 Adapt with changing 

environment 
 Good Communication skill 
 Ability to teach others 
 Assiduous and enthusiastic to 

the work assigned. 

mailto:benzbharath666@gmail.com


WORK EXPERIENCE : 

April 20, 2017 – June 13, 2018 

In charge (Part time Job)   SR Enterprises Pvt Ltd, Chennai 

 A Venner Leather Manufacturing Small Scale Industry  

 Invoice Preparation, Packing of Finished products,  coordinating and monitoring process, Daily 

production calculating and Materials Handling. 

August 29,2018 – Present  

Associate Trans -  Processing / Sutherland Global Services Pvt Ltd, Chennai 
 
ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLES (CASH APPLICATION) 

 
 Downloaded daily deposits from bank systems for posting unapplied cash receipts. 

 Analysed misapplied or duplicated payments and prepared adjustments  

 Indexing remittance in smart AR Tool 

 Process adjustments refunds & Monthly write offs  

 Posting of cheque and prepared monthly journals  

 Responsible to processing refund request and making general ledger adjustments. 

 Perform monthly General Ledger reconciliation for unapplied cash for four general ledger cash 

accounts. 

 Handled calls and concerns from internal branches and external customers. 

 Helped other team members with their volume work load to accomplish team goal.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

Declaration : 

I, hereby declare that all the information presented above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

Place:         

Date:          

               Yours Truthfully 

(A. BHARATH KUMAR )  


