














































Rishabh Kanwar Jain                 

Analytics and Banking Professional                                              

  rishKjain@gmail.com 

  rishKjain@yahoo.com                  9810434402 

             https://www.linkedin.com/in/rkanwarjain5/                                                                                                                          
 

PROJECTS AND WORK EXPERIENCE                                                                                                                                                                                             

The Royal Bank of Scotland| Analyst 

 New Delhi                                                    October 2015 – November 2016 

Projects: 
 

Credit Card Customer Segmentation and Spend Analysis 
Techniques used | Factor Analysis, Cluster Analysis, Segmentation, Linear 
regression (SAS and MS Excel) 
 

 Developed a customer segmentation model to define marketing strategy by 
gaining insights on customer profiles, then applied the variable reduction 
technique, “Factor Analysis followed by a Clustering algorithm to reveal the 
behavioral segments of credit card holders.  
 

 Finally applied Linear regression to understand, what's driving the total spend of 
credit card of customers and prioritize the drivers based on their importance 
towards credit card spend. 

 

Credit Card Churn Management 
Techniques used | Logistic regression, Predictive analytics (SAS and MS 
Excel) 
 

 Developed a model for predicting credit card customer churn and interpreted the 
results of the model to develop an incentive plan for enticing would-be churners. 

 

OTHER PROJECTS AS PART PROFESSIONAL TRAINING FROM 
ANALYTIX LABS                                        
 
 

UK Outward Passengers Movement 
Techniques used | Time Series Analysis and Forecasting (R and MS Excel) 
 

 Analysis of Passenger movement from UK to different places was done, followed 
by forecasting the total number of passenger’s movement from UK for the 
coming quarters. 

 
 
 

mailto:rishKjain@yahoo.com
mailto:rishKjain@yahoo.com


Telecom Users Customer Segmentation and Service Utilization Analysis 
Techniques used | Variable Selection using Factor Analysis, Clustering and 
Linear Regression (R and MS Excel) 
 

 Developed a customer segmentation profile for telecom users to define 
marketing strategy for a telecom client. The dataset comprised of the usage 
behavior of telecom sim card holders. 
 

 Finally developed a model to understand the key motivators behind their sim card 
usage behavior. 

 

Also possess knowledge of data mining techniques, KNN and decision trees 
 

The Royal Bank of Scotland| Banking Professional 

 New Delhi                                                    August 2013 – October 2015 
 

 Responsible for fraud detection and authentication of customers to mitigate 
frauds in payments 
 

 Processing of international payments as well as frequently communicating with 
onshore team in UK often, to resolve any issues related to payments. 

 

 Also responsible for end to end process training of both individuals and teams.  
 

INTERNSHIPS 

Educomp Solutions|Marketing Intern 

 Gurgaon                                                       May 2012 – July 2012 
 

Title: Brand Integration (Marketing)  
 

Analyzing brands to be used for appropriate integration of those brands in Educomp 
Smart Class (educational software content). 

 

Tata Teleservices Limited |Telecommunications Intern 

 New Delhi                                                    June 2007 – July 2007 
 

Title: CDMA Network and CCS#7 
 

Involved in call testing of various telecom connections for errors, analyzing the reasons 
and reporting them accordingly. 
 

PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS IN RBS 

There is a series of exams conducted in RBS relating to banking processes: 
 

 Have cleared Associate exam in first attempt which makes you eligible for the 
senior process associate exam. 

 

 Have cleared Senior Associate exam in first attempt which is essential for 
promotion to the senior grade. 



 Have cleared Assistant Manager Qualifier exam which aims to test advanced 
technical knowledge relating to the RBS banking payments processes    
 

 Have cleared Quality skill assessment level 1 exam which aims to test your 
knowledge regarding usage of various tools used at workplace. 
 

EDUCATION 

Executive program in  
  Business Analytics 

 Indian School of Business (ISB) 
Hyderabad 

Trained in SAS and Excel 
analytics by Analytix Labs 
Gurgaon 

 Analytix Labs Gurgaon 

SAS Business analytics 
Program (Base SAS, 
Predictive Modelling, 
Visual, Analytics) 

  
SAS India (a subsidiary of SAS USA  
North Carolina) 

PGDM-Full Time 
(Marketing major and I.T 
minor) 

   Jagan Institute of Management Studies (JIMS),  
  New Delhi (A.I.C.T.E approved) 

B.TECH (Electronics and 
Communication 
Engineering) 

 Inderprastha Engineering College,  
Delhi NCR 

XII  Ramjas School Pusa Road, New Delhi 
(Central Board of Secondary Education) 

X  Ramjas School Pusa Road, New Delhi 
(Central Board of Secondary Education) 

 

SOFTWARE PROFICIENCY 

SAS, R, Microsoft Excel 

SKILLS 
 

Predictive analytics, Logistic regression, Linear regression, Customer segmentation, 

Factor analysis, Cluster analysis ( K Means ),Time Series Analysis, SAS analytics, BFSI 

analytics. 

 
 
 
 
 
 



EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES IN RBS 

 Have organized and anchored “People Engagement Event” held in RBS. It was a 

four day event in which various teams participated with different activities 

happening every day and have anchored on all the days for all the activities. 

 Have organized photography competition which spanned for around 4 weeks 

with distinct themes for every week and was responsible for all forms of 

communication for the event. 

 Presented a play on “Customer focus” which was very well appreciated by the 

crowd. 

EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES IN JIMS - JAGAN 

INSTITUTE OF MANAGEMENT STUDIES 
 

 Have anchored four different Institute level events. 

 Member of the IT Club (Bizz and Bytes) of JIMS and have organized various 

events such as management games, IT quizzes etc. 

ABILITIES 

 Problem Solving 

 Quick Learner 

 Adaptable 

 Team Player 

 Good Communication Skills 

 Flexible Attitude 


