














































Mrunalini V Shinde

E-104 West View, Charkop,Kandivali(W)

Mumbai 400067

Contact: 9699424613

Email:mrunalinis9@gmail.com

Date of Birth: 17 august 1990

Profile and Strengths:

Around 5 years of experience working on projects such as De-duplication System, Sony PIM System etc.

Graduate in Bachelor of Science (IT) from Mumbai University.

Creative developer with awareness of Java Technologies, Object-Oriented and Database concepts, Programming

Effective Communication and Presentation Skills; a good team player with abilities to contribute towards growth of Team and Organization
Technical Skills:

	Languages
	Java

	
	

	Web Technologies
	Servlets, JSP,   Java-script, Ajax,Rest web services

	
	

	Frameworks
	Spring MVC ,Hibernate, JDBC Template, Hybris,

	
	

	Database
	MySql, SQL Server 2008

	
	

	Tools & Packages
	Intellij , Eclipse, MS SQL management tool, Jasper

	
	

	Operating Systems
	Windows, Mac OS

	
	

	Others
	Junit, Mockeito

	
	


EDUCATION:

B.sc IT March 2011

Mumbai University 66.25 %

HSC Feb 2008

Maharashtra board 70%

SSC March 2005

Maharashtra board 83%

Projects with Nucsoft Pvt. Ltd. (June 2016 till date)

Sony Playstation

No. Team members: 20

Role: Hybris Developer,Unit testing,Module Support

Technology:
JAVA 1.8 ,  Hybris 6, Spring MVC,Rest web services and Junit Mockeito
Summary:

The aim of this project was to develop the single publishing platform for the partners and for sony internal users irrespective the region and language.

Worked on stories mostly related to user management as well as Organisations management as well as permission module.

Worked on supporting the project after go live for resolving some bugs.

P&O Ferries

No. Team members: 10

Role: Hybris Developer, Unit testing, Module Support

Technology:
Hybris 5 with B2C capabilities of hybris.

Summary:

The Project was mostly for booking ferries online with B2C capabilities of Hybris.

The customer can book the ferry ticket for inbound as well as outbound service and can select the number of amenities he want during his journey.

Projects with IBM. (OCT 2014 to June 2016)

Travel ERP Java Spring MVC

No .Team Members: 20

Technology: Core Java, spring, Rest Services, Hibernate
Summary:

Web based project including B2B, B2C and B2E models and it used as online travel booking system. Worked on JSR Spring Validation Framework.

Projects with Nucsoft Pvt. Ltd. (July 2012 to august 2014)

Deduplication System

No. team members: 5

Role: Requirement gathering,Database Designing, Coding, Unit testing, Deployment, Module Support

Technology: Java,Spring, Hibernate, JSP, SQL Server
Modules: Dedupe execution, Rules Management

Description: This is web based application to identify existing customers against the unique customer

CRM System for L&T Finance

No. team members: 3

Role: Requirement gathering, Database Designing, Coding, Unit testing, Deployment, Module Support

Technology: Vtiger
Modules: Email sending, TAT calculation

Summary:

This is web based application in which customer raises a ticket for employees working in insurance department.

And based on call type the SR type get generated. TAT is getting calculated based on these two parameters.



