

























RAGHUVEER BUDARAJU 
 

 
Career Objective: 

To be in a responsible position in ​HR​​ where I can utilize my skills and 
abilities that offers me a professional growth consistently which will help me to 
dedicate fully and work up to my potential. 
 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE 3 

Organization : HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company Ltd. 
Designation : Business HR – AP & TS (Associate Manager) 
Duration : September 2017 to till date 
Job Responsibilities 

Talent Acquisition 
● Staffing target achievement for business plan through right sources at optimum cost. 
● Sourcing relevant applications through various sources, media, portals & consultants. 
● Driving employee referral schemes to source various positions. 
● Identifying new sources for hiring quality talent in the region and tie up with the company. 
● Ensure recruitments are closed with in TAT. 

Talent Management 
● Ensure the efficiency of the onboarding process. 
● Inducting all the new joiners covering HR policies and procedures. 
● Ensure all performance management actionable completed within timelines. 
● Facilitate the performance review process to ensure that all reviews completed within timelines. 
● Educate employees on performance management system. 
● Maintaining proper mapping, confirmations, promotions etc., employee related activities. 

Talent Engagement 
● Responsible for designing employee engagement initiatives under UMANG and driving them. 
● Town hall meetings with employees on regular basis. 
● Regular branch visit and meeting with constituents. 
● Driving 100% participations for various surveys. 

Query and Grievance Management 
● Responsible for managing employee related queries and their resolution. 
● Ensuring proactive employee communication on process and policies. 
● Handling of employee grievances and taking proactive steps to ensure level resolution of grievances. 
● Track employee escalations and take proactive steps. 

Exit Management 
● Keeping track of all exits happening within the zone 
● Conducting exit interviews and attrition analysis 
● Timely inputs to HR Ops team for Stop salary and processing of F&F Settlement 

 
 
 
 
 
 



WORK EXPERIENCE 2 

Organization : Shriram Life Insurance Co. Ltd. 
Designation : Executive HR  
Duration : May 2016 to September 207 
Job Responsibilities 

Talent Acquisition 

● Recruiting all Sales and Non- Sales positions, for all the verticals across PAN India. 
● Planning and implementing new recruitment/selection initiatives. 
● Handling Offer negotiation & Issuance.  
● Preparing Offer & Appointment Letters and ensure that the joining formalities are complete in all               

respects. 

HR Operations 
● Workforce planning, allocating work force department wise basing on skillset. 
● Interacting with the Head of Departments for role validation and measuring the gaps.  
● Designing of roles as well as validation of the roles from the middle management of the                

departments.  
● Writing standard operating procedures (SOP) and maintain documentation as per standards and            

updating SOPs and process maps as per requirement changes. 
● Providing IT related Support(Issuing Mail ID, Domain, Desktop, Laptop, Access Cards for  new joiners) 
● Invoice processing related to recruitment, operations & employee engagement activities. 

HCM 

● Involved in designing of Prototype & Implementation of HCM portal. 
● Managing users (Additions & Deletions of users) 
● Responsible for proper handling of Database of Employees. 
● Handling employees’ queries which ever logged through HCM portal. 

Employee Engagement 
● Planning & Organizing Employee engagement activities for HO & Non HO employees on monthly & 

annual basis. 
● Accompanying monthly health sessions for HO employees with help of top corporate hospitals. 
● Leading Wellness teams, conducting sessions & new initiatives for corporate office employees. 

HRIS 
● Maintain HRIS, reports related to talent acquisition, operations & employee engagement. 
● Publishing monthly HRIS, which helps for senior management for costing, forecasting the work force. 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE 1 

Organization : HDFC Bank Ltd. 
Designation : HR-Executive 
Duration : Oct 2014 to Dec 2015 
Job Responsibilities 

SAP-HCM 

● Responsible for proper handling of Database of Applicants. 
● Screening the profiles, which are available in the database. 
● Updating the applicant status. 
● Maintaining proper mapping, confirmations, exits etc., employee related activities 

Talent Acquisition 

● Regular interactions with the business heads in the Zone 
● Maintaining adequate pipeline for critical positions  



● Sourcing, Screening & Scheduling the applicants through various channels  
● Adopting an optimal mix for sourcing across geographies 
● Vacancy closure as per TAT 
● Offer quoting 
● Responsible for 90% nomination and attendance to the announced training programs. 
● Nomination of resources to attend training sessions conducted by the training team. 
● Interacting with consultant for vacancies and sharing timely feedback for vacant positions 

Talent Engagement 

● Conducting new joiner programs 
● Branch visits/ Location visits 
● Conducting employee satisfaction surveys/ upward feedback surveys 
● Conduct exit interviews 

Employee Grievance handling 

● Addressing, investigating and resolving employee complaints in collaboration with senior associates. 

HRIS 

● Responsible for preparation & management of various HRIS for proper tracking of things for forecast. 
 

EDUCATION 

● Post Graduated in MBA with HR & IT from Vignan’s University, Vadlamudi(2014) 
● Graduated in B.Sc. Computer Sciences from Bharathi Degree College, Chirala (2012)  
● Intermediate from Srivani Junior college, Chirala (2009) 
● S.S.C from B.V & B.H High School, Jandrapet (2007) 

 
PERSONAL DETAILS 

Father Name : Venkata Subbarao Budaraju 

Date of Birth : 17​th​ April 1992 

Languages : English, Hindi & Telugu 

Current Location : Hyderabad 

PAN Number : CBEPB9602C 

For Communication : #3-3-18, Vithal Nagar, Chirala - 523157(Permanent Address) 

  KPHB 9​th​ Phase, Hyderabad – 500072(Present Address)  
 ☎ ​+91 9642307230 
 ✉ ​raghuveer_budaraju@live.com 

  
  LinkedIn: ​https://in.linkedin.com/in/budarajuraghuveer  
  Naukri Recruiter Profile​:​ ​http://www.naukri.com/recruiters/raghuveerbudaraju 

 

 

 

Date: 

Place:  

 

(Raghuveer Budaraju) 

https://in.linkedin.com/in/budarajuraghuveer
http://www.naukri.com/recruiters/raghuveerbudaraju

