














































Md Rashid Alam
Mobile. : 9600102966
E-mail:  rashidkhn432HYPERLINK "mailto:rashidkhn432@gmail.com"@gmail.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE:

To develop my career as a Software Developer where I will be a valuable team member, contributing quality ideas and work for an organization where there is an ample scope for individual as well as organization growth in Software Design and Development.

BRIEF OVERVIEW:

· Bachelors of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering from Synergy Institute Of Technology, Bhubaneswar, in 2013.
· Currently working for   Tek System as a software Engineer from Jan 2018 to till date
· Have worked for Tek System from June 2017 to September 2017
· Have worked for Hcl Technology Ltd from October  2014 to May 2017
· Having  3.9  years  of  work experience on software development in JAVA and J2EE applications using Web logic, Tomcat and Eclipse
· Hands on Experience And good knowledge  on Core Java 
· Hands on Experience in Developing Applications using spring and Hibernate.


TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Languages: Core Java  Spring,Hibernate.
WebServices- Rest And Soap
Tool- Wavemaker, SwaggerUi, Dbeaver
Database: Oracle Sql
Operating System: Windows

Projects Undertaken 

Project 3 #		                                                              from Jan 2018 to till date

Project Name-OLO (Operation Lights Out)

Role: Software Developer
Vertical/Domain: Automation
Client: Hpe,Dxc,Usps
Web Technologies: Java/J2EE, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript
Framework:  Spring
Database: Oracle Sql
Web Services: Rest
Tools: Wavemaker and sts
Version Control System: Git
Server: Apache Tomcat
Team Size: 3

Project Description: OLO(Operation Lights Out)  refers to the technology of tools that allows the IT Service Operation team to analyze the Infrastructure and Applications to predict the events and execute the automated recovery actions to resolve the problem releated to the events. This is performed through MLM(Machine Learning Module) by which the recovery Instructions can be created and updated. In the IT Field , the failure of any network or a device would bring in a huge impact in terms of cost and services, here events(Hardware,Software,People) comes into picture,the process of identification,Investigation,and resolution of events through an automated technology will give a way to a good service including the reduction of cost, resources and human effort.  

Project Responsibilities: 

· Fully Involved in gathering requirement analysis and document.
· Fully  involved in taking the responsibility of ownership of the individual  project 
· Creating Application using Wave maker ( A Rapid Application Development Tool) And Bonita(A business precess outsorcing tool).
· Application coding (Java, Spring,SpringBoot,AngularJs).
· Writing Query in Sql server
· Fully involved in development and testing 
· Peer code review.


Project 2 #		                                                      from June 2017  to Sep 2017

Project Name-NGQ(Next Generation Quoting Tool)

Role: Project Software Engineer
Vertical/Domain: Ecommerce Application
Client: Microsoft, Amazon, Hpe
Web Technologies: Java/J2EE, Servlets, Jsp, HTML, CSS3, Javascript 
Framework:  Spring 
Database: Oracle 11g
Web Services: Soap And Rest
Build: Maven
Tools: Eclipse.
Version Control System: Git
Server: Jetty WebApp, Apache Tomcat
Team Size: 5

Project Description: Ngq is a next Generation Quoting Tool where a quote can be created just like adding cart in Flipkart or other ecommerce application and it falls a process where the quote should be completed and then it has to be converted to an order. While creating a new quote it will display quotation details page where we will import an opportunity id that will fetch the information from sfdc where a sales person  would have already created an opportunity for a customer and then they will come to Ngq tool to further process the code by adding line items and any other discount applicable and then will complete the quote.
 
Project Responsibilities: 

· Installing Application using Maven Build Tool and Git Repository.
· Application coding (Java, JSP, Servlets).
· Fully involved in development 
· Peer code review.
· Each day  taking database build to sync the local database with that of the DEV environment using Maven build.

Project 1 #		                                                         from Jan 2015 to May 2017

Project Description: CIS Application is Business Administration Application for both Bank Administration and Customer Administration to onboard customer by registering their company, accounts, user and also supports Authentication, Transaction Entitlement and Payment Authorization to the high level of customization. This act as an upstream system for most of the downstream business applications.

Role: Project Software Engineer
Vertical/Domain: BFSI – Corporate Actions (GTB- Global Transaction Banking)
Client: Deutsche Bank Singapore
Web Technologies: Java/J2EE, Servlets,Jsp, HTML, HTTP, XML, CSS 3, Ajax, JQuery, JS 
Framework: Struts, Spring Ioc, iBatis ORM
Database: Oracle 11g
Build: Maven
Tools: Eclipse, SQL Developer
Server: Apache Tomcat
Team Size: 12
Project Responsibilities: 
· Requirement analysis and client communication.
· Application coding (Java, JSP, Servlets, Spring  core).
· Fully involved in design and development
· Peer code review.
· Periodically taking database build to sync the local database with that of the DEV environment using Maven build.

ACADEMICS

	Examination Passed
	Year
	School/Institution
	Board/University
	Percentage

	10TH
	2006
	Zila High School Katihar
	B.S.E.B
	80

	
12TH

	2009
	National Institute of open Schooling
	I.G.N.O.U
	63.6

	Bachelor of Technology
	2013
	Synergy  Institute of Technology, Bhubaneswar
	B.P.U.T
	72.1




PERSONAL INFORMATION:

	S/O
	   Late. Md Mannan Alam

	Address



	PARMANENT ADDRESS
	PRESENT ADDRESS

	
	# 0168, Village+P.O- Lal Kothi Road, Katihar, Dist.- Katihar,
Bihar-854105
	4th main Birasandra Jayanager Ist Block  ,BANGALROE-560002 NEAR BY Medicure Hospital

	Contact No.
	9600102966

	Alternate No.
	8939485380

	E-mail ID
	  rashidkhn432@gmail.com

	Alternate E-mail ID
	 09cse2013@gmail.com

	Date of Birth
	     5th Feb 1991            

	Nationality          
	     Indian

	PAN
	     AYGPA0599Q

	Languages known
	     English, Urdu & Hindi




ACHIEVEMENTS:

· Got Merit-Cum-Means Scholarship from Bihar Secondary Education Board Patna As  a District Topper in 2006.

HOBBIES:

· Playing Chess, Internet Surfing, learning new things.
· Some time I like to cooking new recipes.


I certify that the information given above is true and I am solely responsible for the same.


 Date:  16/07/2018                                                               Signature: _________________________                                           (RASHID ALAM)    
