












































#2586,2ndcross,18th main

P.KARTHICK

Old No.117, New No.88,  

Alwarpet  street, 

Alwarpet,Chennai – 18.

Mobile: 9677040476
Email: karthickpattabi91@gmail.com
OBJECTIVE : 

To work with a world class organization which would provide me with an excellent platform to groom myself and provide me a challenging environment to exhibit my talents resulting in mutual benefits
Work Experience : 
In Standard Chartered Global Business Services working as Senior Officer from Aug 2016 to till the date

· Periodic - Review for Customer Information like KYC Details, ID Details and Customer Residential and Mailing Address. Perform Due Diligence for new client on-boarding (Corporate Payroll Service, Savings, Business Banking & Commercial Banking) within SLA.
· De-Dupe screeing should be applicable for all customers.

· Verifies all aspects of client Identification program and necessary account opening documents are provided and in accordance with Know Your Customer (KYC) and USA Patriot Act.
· Identifies accurate risk rating (MEDD) for individual/non-individual accounts to highlight high risk jurisdictions, cash intensive/high risk business and Politically Exposed Persons (PEPs) or Relative or Close Associates (RCAs).

· Completes extensive due diligence investigations using public and private databases in accordance with Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and other regulatory Standards to assist business units and prevent operational and reputational risks.

· Perform checks on all employees, consultants, vendors, contractors and third party advisers against World Check List, Combined Local List, Country Sanction List, OFAC Specially Designated Nationals List (SDN) and Blocked Persons list.

· Ensures final reports are comprehensive, compliant and suitable for use in the client on boarding decision-making processes.
INTELLENET GLOBAL SERVICE  Designation as Senior Customer Service Executive 

DOJ – January 2014 to June 2016

· Working as a senior customer service officer for the client Barclay’s Bank (Asset Financing) , Providing end to end banking operations to the customer’s accounts , Reconciling the different type of accounts like New Business, Contra settlements etc. 

· Banking operations of Barclays Bank.

· Documentation and Verification should be processed under KYC policy

· Preparing accounting statements

· Allocating funds to the customer account as CHAPS and BACS Payments.

· Providing full operations from opening till closing of accounts to the customer.

· Responsible to give the settlement figures for the customer’s assets and also to terminate 

· Those assets if the customer has paid the loan. Also Providing Clearance letter to the customer.     

· Refunds and Transfer amount should be processes on the same day as CHAPS payment.
BHADRA INTERNATIONAL P L INDIA (Chennai airport)

Customer care executive 
June 2012 to april 2013
Key skills :

Package                           :    Ms.office.
Platform                          :    Windows XP, Windows 7
Technical skills:

Typing (DEPARTMENT OF TECHNICAL EDUCATION)

Period: 2009

Grade: JUNIOR
ACADEMICS :

BACHELOR OF COMMERCE (B.COM)


Period : 2008 - 2011.
Grade : 58.79% 
Institute : Dhanraj baid jain (Autonomus), Chennai.
University : Madras University.


HIGHER SECONDARY:
Period : 2007 - 2008.
Grade : 75%.
Institute : Ramakrishna Hr. sec school(b).
SSLC :


Period : 2005 - 2006.
Grade : 73.2.%.
Institute : Ramakrishna Hr. sec school(b).
Personal details :


Father's Name 
 :     G.Pattabi
Occupation 

 :     Turner (Mechanic)
Date of Birth 

 :     26.03.1991
Languages Known
 :     English, Tamil, Telugu.
Nationality

 :     Indian.


Personal Attributes : 

      
Flexible
Well-disciplined

Hobbies:

            Playing cricket 
Carrom.

Declaration :

I declare that all information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.


Date :                                                                                               Yours sincerely

Place :                                                                                              P.KARTHICK
