

















































KISHAN.S

Contact: +91 9620074545; Email: kishan.rao@live.com; Date of Birth: 7th April, 1982
GLOBAL BUSINESS L&D ● LEARNING STRATEGIES ● TRAINING PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Offering 10+ years of prolific experience; seeking senior managerial level assignment across the industry PROFILE

An accomplished Learning & Development professional with robust experience acquired over the years in delivering optimal results & business value in high-growth environments in Delivery of Learning Programs, End-to-End L&D Management, partnering (Business & L&D Partnering), Designing Organization L&D Policy & Process, Budget Management, Vendor Management, LMS Administration, Advance Technology in Learning etc. Currently spearheading as a Program and Project Management Senior Analyst with Accenture India Pvt. Ltd.
Successfully demonstrating a track record of creating, delivering and evaluating management and leadership development solutions with a thorough knowledge and application of L&D models.
Expertise in managing the learning and development budget in partnership with business unit leaders to ensure effective solutions are delivered. Highly skilled in measuring the continued effectiveness of learning activity, continuously reviewing the quality of learning initiatives and providing constructive feedback on course content for continuous development.
Proven ability in designing and conducting customized training programs and ensuring that training & development initiatives are aligned with the organizational goals and culture by utilizing contemporary pedagogy, learning tools and methodology.
An acknowledged learning & development consultant and contributor of strategic inputs to revitalize business set up enabling it to succeed and exceed performance benchmarks in the backdrop of globally competitive business scenario.

Key Highlights
Partnering with the business unit globally for L&D needs across various functions, levels and roles as a single point of contact
Collecting & collating program feedback and carrying out value added analysis to enhance program effectiveness.
Conceptualizing and implementing need based process modifications like developing material, modules and processes of training after thorough analysis to enhance operational efficiency and optimize resource utilization.
Developing success profiles and learning curriculum across various roles in the organization.
Core Competencies: Learning Growth Model ♦ Change Management ♦ Training Evaluation & Effectiveness (ROI) ♦ Internal Capability Development ♦ MIS - Training Dashboards ♦ Training Management ♦ Learning Strategies ♦ Training Need Analysis ♦ Leadership Development ♦ Instructional Development & Design ♦ Curriculum Development ♦ Facilitation Skills

Technical Skills
	Operating Systems
	· Windows 98, 2000, XP, 2003 Server and LINUX

	Microsoft Technologies
	· Outlook, Excel, Power-point, Word

	Adobe
	· Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flash (version CS3), Basics of Action Script

	CMS
	· Joomla CMS 1.0

	Other
	· Basics of HTML, Photoshop and Flash

	System Administration Skills
	· Operating system installation like Windows 98, NT, XP, 2003, LINUX
· Microsoft Exchange installation and basic configuration
· Microsoft Outlook Configuration
· User configuration
· Hard disk Recovery
· Data Recovery
· Power supply trouble shooting
· Symantec Antivirus installation - updating and configuration
· Faulty hardware replacement

	Network Administration Skills
	· Basic network setup.
· Switch configuration, Configuring Layer 2 Switches and VLAN creation.
· Assigning ports to VLANs. Trunking Switches.
· Inter VLAN Routing.
· Modem broad band internet configuration.
· Internet security configuration.
· Proxy configuration.




PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ACCENTURE INDIA PVT. LTD.                                                                                                                                                                   Since Apr’12
Program and Project Management Senior Analyst (Aug’15 – Till Date)
Entity POC (Apr’14 – Jul’15)
Faculty Team (Apr’12 – Apr’14)

Playing a key role in the Learning Team to create and nurture a learning culture in the organization and strategically transforming the L&D function
Identify development solutions within the defined L&D strategy. Formulating strategic development plans aligned with business priorities for business managers
Responsible for managing the business group budget for L&D Development and required financial metrics. Partnering with HR and the business segments to define and build transformation and change capabilities specific to the business objectives
Providing direction to the creation and delivery of learning solutions that support the client group priorities
Mapping the L&D Strategy for the business as per the business goals and priorities
Consulting with the business and functions in offering appropriate learning solutions to address customer learning needs in alignment with business goals and strategies
Leading multiple programs with global and cross-organizational program teams on needs assessment, intervention selection, implementation, reporting
Meeting operational goals and the management of financial planning, budgeting, and tracking/reporting
The contributions provided to the L&D field for establishing the Company’s proficiency in delivering effective business solutions

As a Program and Project Management Analyst
Accountable for establishing, developing and maintaining customer relationships
Translating high level requirements received from the requestor into detailed training delivery plans for low complexity programs generally expected to be at the session level and targeted to audiences of managers and below.
Collaborating with customers to create and maintain short-term and long-term course delivery plans and schedules.
Advising customers on the delivery strategy at a course level to ensure that it can be delivered within client parameters.
Preparing course delivery budgets and corresponding tuition rates, and communicates to gain approval from customer.
Monitoring the progress of the session setup and execution activities for the planned sessions.
Communicate, escalate and resolve program, course and training session issues (curriculum, financial, faculty, participant, logistics).
Developing deep understanding of the customer’s business objectives and expectations for the Program. Interacting with multiple internal/external teams to ensure session execution activities are managed effectively.
Managing the day to day operations of the team. Assigning execution sub-teams to provide services required for each session plan.
Resolving or escalating issues and risks raised by functional team members and customers.

As an Entity POC
Acted as an Entity POC for Consulting Workforce
Manage and oversee end to end training activities across locations
Responsible for demand planning, scheduling, faculty booking, venue booking, course and session code creation in my Learning, batch completion

As a Faculty Team
Responsible for handling training calendar scheduling and faculty sourcing
Initiated TTT (Train the Trainer) program as per the requirement for the easy process flow
Interacted with vendor partners for the training sessions
Maintained an online tracker using share point
Maintained a track of feedback of the faculties and source faculties based on the feedback scored
Currently handled scheduling of Training calendar as an entity POC in capability development

CMC LIMITED                                                                                                                                                                                         Jan’11 – Feb’12
Trainer

Provided training on the domain and business operations modules for the new joiners. Provided training on the application interface for the new employees working in Passport Seva Kendra, Government officials working in Regional Passport offices and Police personnel. Handled the complete hands-on of the application as a SME
Acted as a Single point of contact in coordinating with the technical team for troubling shooting with the application issues
Trained around 1100 new employees and around 500 government officials
Maintained inventory for the training scheduled
Delegated suggestions and duties to other team members regarding opportunities for improvement in work-related tasks and processes
Responsible for report consolidations for closing each batch after the training

VAIBHAVI TECH                                                                                                                                                                                     Jun’08 – Dec’10
Freelancer

FANUC INDIA                                                                                                                                                                                        Aug’07 – Mar’08
Network Administrator

CABS (DRDO)                                                                                                                                                                                           Dec’06 – Jul’07
Network Support Admin

Achievements

Accenture:
Received a monetary Celebrating Performance Award for "Maximizing Team's Performance"
Received "Performance monetary award" for managing to source faculty for 36 batches covering 1091 participants
Received "Performance monetary award “for supporting the "Learning and Professional Development faculty booking process with exemplary results “over the past few months
Received an "Appreciation" in recognition from the faculty for supporting in clarifying all queries and being extremely responsive and diligent
Received "Delivery Excellence “award for FY13
Received "Good Samaritan" Award for FY13
Received "Celebrating Performance Award" for achieving zero session cancellation for the month of September, in not having any issues
Received "Appreciation" Excellent start for FY14 and delivering noiseless delivery in Sep 13
Received "Celebrating Performance Award" (Awesome work in Q1 FY'14. The L&PD faculty team booked a whopping 590 trainers during Q1. To top it up there were 128 trainer dropouts for which you found replacements for 117 sessions thereby ensuring that these sessions went live. The icing on the cake was No SLA's missed for faculty feedback mails and Zero errors!)
Have been awarded twice for submitting an idea in improving the process
Received "Appreciation" for showing excellent persuasive skills in faculty interaction and saving cost to the company
Received "Appreciation" for being a good team player
Submitted an idea in blocking faculty which saved time in repeated task and was awarded
Submitted an idea in sending vendor feedback scores which saved time in   formatting and was awarded
Have been awarded as “Numero Uno” for the month of September’14
Have been awarded as “Core Value Champion” for the month of January’16
Was awarded “Star of Business” July - August FY'16 for performance on targets/metrics, ownership and delivery against significant challenges
Was awarded “Go Beyond Star in the HR&Learning Shared Services for FY18 Q1”

CMC Limited:
Received an “Appreciation Award” in recognition of high level of dedication, commitment and exemplary performance in delivering the trainings for Passport Seva Kendra participants
Received an “Appreciation Award” in recognition of diligences and valuable contribution
ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS

Master of Science (IT), 2006; KSOU Manasa Gangotri 

B.Sc. (Electronics), 2003; Bangalore University

XII, 2000; PUC (Department of Pre-University Education) – BHS First Grade College, Bangalore University

X, 1998; Karnataka Secondary Education Examination Board

Certifications
Certified Trainer by TCS (Tata Consultancy Services)
Certified Master Trainer UIDAI
A+ (Hardware) N+ (Networking) from the Indian Institute of Hardware and Networking (IIHT)
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) from the ROOMAN Institute of technology
Certified Web Designer from ANTS (Animation Training School)

Languages Known: English, Hindi, Kannada, Telugu and Tamil                                                                    References: Available on Request

