














































Mrunali Zode 
B4-301, DSK AkashGanga, 

Nagras Road, Aundh, 

Pune-411007 
mrunali.zode.3@gmail.com 
(M): +917799525533 

 

Objective: 

 
To migrate to a more challenging & demanding environment that would harness my skills and 
abilities, as well as offers ample learning opportunities, which will take my personal growth to the 
next level. 

 

 

Professional Synopsis: 

 
3+ years of work experience in Java Development/ Application Maintenance / Training 
 

Technical Skills: 

 
Programming Languages:             Core Java 
Web Technologies: HTML, CSS 
Databases:       MS SQL, RDBMS 
Web Servers: Apache Tomcat Server 
Framework: Spring, Hibernate 

  

Work Experience: 

 
Organization Period Role 

Infosys Limited October 2014 – Feb 2015 Systems Engineer Trainee 

Infosys Limited March 2015 – Sept 2016 Systems Engineer 
Infosys Limited Oct 2016 – till date Senior System Engineer 

 

Projects Undertaken: 

 
 

Company: Infosys Limited  Tenure: April’16 till date 

Client   : Deutsche Bank Team size: 10 

Technologies/Tools: Core Java, Spring, Hibernate L2 caching 
Description: To maintain a web application which visualizes real time cash flow which helps in 
enhancing planning capabilities of sales team and generate new ideas and leads for new sales. 
Roles & Responsibilities: 

 Developing the code for Middleware team as per the business requirements.  

 Involved in developing the web applications for front end teams.   
 Writing the logic for the request received by the front end  
 Coordinating with different teams (database and deployment). 
 Unit testing and integration testing of the use cases. 
 Gaining business sign off from application user for new enhancements. 

 Release Preparation and production deployment support. 

 

 

Company: Infosys Limited  Tenure: July’15 – March’16 
Client   : House of Fraser Team size: 60 

Technologies : Hybris, MS SQL Server 2014 
Description: The project was about development of an e-commerce website using Hybris 
Commerce Suite. The site was developed for Australia and went live on March 2016. The team 
was involved in development work, creating and executing test cases, etc. 
Roles & Responsibilities: 

 Carried out the role of team member engaged in developing the code in modules. 
 Preparation of detailed design document for the code developed. 
 Writing jUnit test cases for the developed code. 
 Resolving technical and design issue while testing and performing jUnit testing for the 

code developed. 



 

 

 

 

Academic and Professional Credentials: 

 
 

Qualification 

 

University/Board 

 

Year 

 

Grade 
S.S.C. MSBSHSE March, 2008 91.83% 
H.S.C. MSBSHSE March, 2010 82.83% 
B.E. (ETC) SVPCET, RTMNU May, 2014 67.75% 

 
Personal Details: 

 
DOB 2nd July 1992 
Gender Female 
Language Proficiency English, Hindi, Marathi 
Nationality Indian 
Marital Status Married 
Hobbies Reading Books, Cooking, Painting 
Strength Quick learner, Analytical & Practical Approach 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Declaration:  
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear 

the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 

 
 
Date:            
Place:                                                                                                                

Mrunali P Zode 


