












































Nikhil Y. Sisodia

Nikhil Y. Sisodia


Dear Sir/Madam,
 Herewith I am enclosing my resume for your reference. This will give you a fair idea about my job profile that I have worked upon.

   I have been working with eclerx services for more than 3 years and 8 mounts for different processes which enabled me to gather the verity of experiences for my carrier with eclerx.

    I started with a well settled process of Accounting worked there successfully for 2 years and then opted to a new profile of newly transiting 6 different processes for derivative trades where I received an opportunity to demonstrate my management and training skills required to set up a new process and training the team members to work upon it.

   This helped me to gain manger’s confidence for handling some more responsibility like preparing the weekly and monthly reports which are to sent to sr. management of client for review of performance by our team and if required discuss the same with them.
In present I am handling a team of 5 people and working as sr. Analyst for the process.

   Now, I am looking forward to get an opportunity to discuss my profile with you and work with your organization to get an experience of some new working environment and grow myself with some new and good experiences.

Thanks & regards,

Nikhil Y. Sisodia
RESUME
 
 NIKHIL YOGENDRASING SISODIA 
                                                                             Local add -                Samartha Krupa,

D.Y.Patil Engg College Road, 

                       Opp Akurdi Railway Station, 

Near ZSI,

 Pune – 44.

e-mail- nikhil1084sisodia@gmail.com; gaurav1084sisodia@yahoo.co.in
                                                                                                                       Mob-9730475113

Objective: - Grow with the financial market.

 

Educational qualification
· MBA finance from Pune University 
· B.com from North Maharashtra University, Jargon. 
· Certification : Financial Modeling And valuation from Finatics

Computer knowledge:   Computer diploma in Database management software    

Development & Web page development.

Project:                      1) Central Excise procedure studied under Central Excise Act 

                                         1944 With Rules 2000 Excise procedure                                                                              

                                         With Bosch Chassis systems India ltd, Jargon; 

 Interests:                    Accounting, 

Capital market, Derivative trade

                                       Bank reconciliation, 

Indirect taxes

                                                                                                                     

Skills:
                        1) good excel proficiency, 
                                      2) Statistical presentation of data 
                                      4) Reconciliation 

                                      5) Analysis of information given

Work exp:                19 May 2008 till date working with “eClerx KPO” 
        Job Responsibilities:

 May 2008 to Jun 2010 worked with accounts maintenance (Bills payable and receivable, reconciliation) process of 25 people.                                        

 Where Primary Responsibilities were as follows. 
                                             1) Format the files received form client and allocate the work    

                                                 to other team members so as to start working on it.
                                             2) Make necessary changes on the client sight tool.

                                             3) Auditing the work done by other team members.

                                             4) Formatting the file in predefine format so as to send it            

                                                 back to client.
                            Other responsibilities 
1) Sending mails to client regarding the queries raised during working

2) Coordinating the team as there were two shifts.

3) For the manager’s reference preparing quality sheet of the work completed by team.
Jun 2010 (Transition Phase of processes) till today working with 6 different pre-settlement processes with the team of 7 people                                        

 Where Primary Responsibilities are as follows. 
1) Update the client tool with correct settlement   

       instructions (Delivery/Payment) 

2) Get confirmation from counterparty for the instructions to the be uploaded on tool

3) Client communication through email for day to day process flow.(sending queries, getting confirmations)

4) Updating the client requestor for new updates in process flow 

5) Handling the client calls for the queries raised during request process flow.

6) Preparing and maintain documents to meet the audit requirements of process.

7) Training the new people joined in the team.

Responsibilities in respect of reporting to client.

1) Preparing weekly report for the work completed in process
2) Preparing SLA report for all requests completed in the week 
3) Query analysis report.

4) Handling weekly client calls to discuss the above mentioned reports

5) Sending updates to client POCs as and when required.

6) Preparing and updating “Business Process Documents” and getting the client approval on it after discussion with client POCs

Special highlights,
· During the tenure with eClerx I have been rewarded with 3 spot rewards for the excellence and timely completion of projects.

· I have got promoted to sr. analyst  position in April 2011

· Helping the client technical writer to prepare process flow document, process flow chart, Through discussion on phone calls
· Handling a team of 5 people to work upon new projects.
Personal details 
Permanent add-    c\o Mr. Y.P.Sisodia, 

                                       Durga colony,

                                       Jamner road, Bhusaval

                                       Pin- 425201

                                       Dis – Jalgaon 

Date of birth -              5th Oct 1984 

Gender –                        Male 

Marital status –             Single 

Languages known –     English, Hindi, and Marathi.

