














































GEETANJALI RAISINGHANI
CA, B.COM.				                        Mobile No: -   + 91 -9680663291                                                                                                        
								E-mail: - geeturai91@gmail.com   Qualification Profile
· Cleared C.A Final both groups.
· Completed Articleship from Gopal Sharma & co. Jaipur for 3 years
Professional Qualification 
Examination			Year 		           Institution/Board	           Score 
Chartered Accountant            May-2014	            ICAI				50.5%
Academic Qualification 
Examination			Year 		Institution/Board		          Score
B.Com.			2012		MDS University (Ajmer)  	           64%
10 +2                		2009	            Sophia Sr. Sec.School (CBSE)        89%                 	
10                                           2007                Sophia Sr. Sec.School (CBSE)        86%

Work Experience in CA Articleship:
	Banking

	Statutory Audit of UCO Bank,  
Carried out Branch statutory audit of bank verified loans and advances like cash credit, mortgage loans with reference to asset valuation reports and gained experience in respect of bank accounts and regarding NPA pattern of bank and RBI Prudential Norms have prepared Long Form Audit Report and tax reports of branches.
Concurrent Audit of Bank of Baroda 
Review of KYC Norms, Appraisal & Verification of Loan & Advances, Deposits, Scrutiny of documents and classification of NPA, TDS, customer account with Bank guidelines and Authenticity thereof, checking of revenue leakage like processing charges, inspection charges, penal interest etc. 

	Manufacturing
	Internal Audit of Transtech Green Power Ltd.
Vouching & verification, compliance with applicable statutory laws, accounting standards, compliance of financial statements with schedule VI & preparation of Audit Report with proper documentation & working paper.

	Diversified
	Rajasthan State Warehousing Corporation. 
Carried out examination of various contracts and agreements, verification of assets and liabilities, verification of expenses and fixed assets, reconciliation.
BSNL, Circle, Jaipur
Internal audit, vouching and verification, TDS compliance, fixed assets verification, debtor’s reconciliation.

	Hotel
	Internal audit of Hotel K.K. Royal Days
TDS and service tax compliance, stock verification, vouching and verification.



Previous Working Organizations:
· Au Financiers India Ltd. (Jaipur – Central Office)
Experience: 1 year+ (17th Sep. 2014 till 17th July 2016)
Designation: Assistant Credit Manager
Work Profile: Asst. Credit Manager in Vehicle Loan department. It comprised of Commercial Vehicle as well as Auto Loans (both new and used). I was responsible for Credit Coordination and training to all the branches across India regarding the Credit Policies of CV loans, detailed Portfolio Analysis of all the branches and alert the non performing/risk branches. I Was learning Credit underwriting.

· HDFC Bank (Alwar)
Experience: 17th July. 2016 till 4th Feb 2017
Designation: Credit Manager
Work Profile: Credit Manager of Alwar location in Commercial Vehicle department.   Credit Appraisal of all CV loans (SCV, HCV, CE) of upto 2 crores. CAM preparation, Customer Visit, Portfolio Analysis, CPA Training etc.

Current Working Organization:
· SG and Consultants – Tax and Finance Consultants (Jaipur)
Practicing as a Chartered Accountant, handling works of Income Tax and GST for various clients. Also having DSA of various NBFC’s, processing files of CV, LAP, Mortgage and Home Loans.
Computer Proficiency:
· Completed 100 hours ITT training program conducted by the ICAI.
· Well versed with MS Office.
· Working Knowledge of various Accounting Packages (Tally).
· Working in Taxation Software Genius.
· Well versed with software’s like LS, LOS, Finnone.

Interest and Extra-Curricular Activities
· Playing Badminton, listening to music and cooking.

Personal Details
Father’s Name	:	Sh. Ghanshyam Raisinghani
Mother’s Name	:	Smt. Ritu Raisinghani
Date of Birth	   	:	6 October, 1991
Language Known          :	Hindi, English
Permanent-Address      :	34/506, Framji colony, Srinagar road, Ajmer (Raj.) 305001
Address for correspondence: C-61, Radha Vihar, New Sanganer Road, Sodala, Jaipur 302019

Declaration 
I, hereby declare that the above furnished details are true and correct to the best of my knowledge. 



Place:  Jaipur
Date:   						




(GEETANJALI RAISINGHANI)

