







































T

Muthu T.P.                          



  #23 AKR Nagar 3rd cross Street,  

          Valasarawakkam, Chennai 600 087
Mobile-+919710941009
E-mail parmuthu@yahoo.com

OBJECTIVES:-


Aim to be associated with progressive organization that gives me scope to update my knowledge and skill accordance with latest trends and to be part of the team that works dynamically the growth of the organization and gain satisfaction thereof.
PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS: 

1 A graduate with 01 years in Air Cargo Operation with rich and insightful experience in Customer Service / Support, Logistics (Cargo) operations in the domestic and international avenues.

2 Presently spearheading the efforts to accomplish the corporate objectives of Kingfisher Airlines Ltd, as Cargo Agent - operation.

3 Proven skills in the optimum customer service management and cargo management in sync with the defined parameters and guidelines.

4 Stupendous communication & analytical skills honed with the ability to liaise at all management levels.

WORK EXPERIENCE:-

Organisation
- CITI Bank Shelters 

Designation     - Sales Associate

Period 
 - August, 2003 to September, 2005

Achievement   - Joined as Tele Sales Assistant promoted as a Sales Associate

Organisation    - Air Sahara (Through Ground Handling Agency)

Designation      - Commercial Assistant

Period 
  - September, 2005 to Till Date

Organisation    - Kingfisher Airlines 

Designation      - Cabin Appearance officer (Interior & Exterior cleaning)

Period 
  - since 2006 to June 2011

Organisation    - Kingfisher Airlines

Designation      - Cargo Agent

Period 
  - Since June 2011 to Till Date

Nature of work in Kingfisher Airlines.


As a cabin Appearance officer:

· In charge of Interior &  Exterior cleaning in the Aircraft
· Handling our contract Agencies
·  Daily sending report based on flight follow up’s
As a Cargo Agent:
· To Handle Arrival and Departure of Cargo for domestic based on the cargo handle operation respectively.

· Co-ordinate with all departments concerned and make sure Maximum cargo is uplifted.

· Coordinate in the planning, organizing and scheduling cargo movement.

· Supervision for loading, unloading of cargo at Airport and warehouse.

· Independent Team Management & Multi-tasking.

· Co-ordination with cargo agents, dealing with direct customers, compiling business analysis reports, and inventory procedures.

· Co-ordination with cargo agents, dealing with direct customers, compiling business analysis reports, and inventory procedures.

· Arranging transportation for moving containers / cargo from MAA INTL warehouse to other destinations.

EDUCATION QUALIFICATION:-


Higher Secondary – (JRM School at Chennai)
            Graduate - B. L. M – (Tamilnadu institute of Labour studies)
PERSONAL INFORMATION:-


Name



:
Muthu T.P.


Father’s Name


:
S. Thangaswamy


Date of Birth


:
13 - 12 - 1979


Age



:
32

Martial Status


: 
Married

Sex



:
Male


Nationality


:
Indian


Religion


:
Hindu
Place: Chennai

Date: 







(MUTHU T.P.)
