

















































Vishal Anand

Address: Flat# 602 Bhoomi Ratna CHS, Sec-21, Kharghar, Navi Mumbai- 410210

E-Mail ID: vishalanand79@yahoo.in | Contact No.: +91-9167636561 

OBJECTIVE:
I am seeking a competitive and challenging environment where I can serve your organization and establish a career for myself.

WORK EXPERIENCE:
1) Company Name: Avista Infotech and BPO (P) Ltd.
Address: 809, Ijmima Complex, Off Link Road Malad West, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400064
Duration: May 2015 to November 2017
 Designation: Team Leader
Process:
Inbound and Outbound Sales process for ED medicine (Erectile Dysfunction), to USA, Canada and UK. It is an online process to order the medicines for Individual use.

Job Profile:
1) Quality and Quantity Check.

2) Courier and Delivery Address Check.

3) Payment confirmation.

4) Verifying details of the customer as per Company norms.

5) Team of Twenty Two team members.

6) Quality check of every sales call.
2) Company Name: Lester Info services Pvt. Ltd.
Duration: Dec 2013 to Jan 2015
Designation: Team Leader
Process:

Inbound and outbound Sales process for UK, USA, Canada and Australia for Computer software’s and Online Remote services and repairs and also annual maintenance contract. (GURUAID)
Summary: 
“GuruAid”, It is the own brand of Lester Inc. which is the USA based company and they have started with GuruAid in 2010. There are three offices in all. Headquarters located In Branford (CT) USA, Wurtland (KY) USA and in Mumbai, India (Turbhe TTC Industrial Area). The GuruAid offering is aimed at the need for high-quality, one-stop technical support for home users and small businesses. 
GuruAid is one of the top-5 independent technical support service providers in the world, focused on providing quality, reliable, and affordable technical help-desk solutions.

 It was an Inbound International BPO, where we serve UK, Ireland, USA, Canada and Australia
Job Profile

1) Verifying all Sales calls.

2) Gathering all the Information about the Customer and Payment details for the Sales.
3) Quality check for every sale calls.
4) Call Monitoring and Calibration.

5) Feedbacks to every Agent.
6) Set the targets for Every Sales Rep on daily basis for the Day.

7) Team of Sixteen Team Members.

Achievements: 

· Got awarded from the CEO of the company for the Highest Revenue in entire Site for consequently Three Months.

· Got Recognition for being consistent in sales and Targets. (AHT, Attrition and Shrinkage, (especially for Team)

· Got certificates for being top on the floor. ( Quality, Highest Sales, Single Rep hitting big Numbers)

3) Company Name: Wipro BPO Services Pvt. Ltd.
Duration: March 2007 to October 2012
Last Designation: Team Leader
Process:

· Capital One (America’s Credit Card):

Joined as a Senior Associate for Inbound Customer Service for US Customers.
· United Health Group (Insurance Company):

Worked as a senior associate and Team Leader for US largest and leading Health and medical Insurance Company (United health Care) (Formerly Known as United Health Group).
Summary: 

United health care is the second Largest Health and Medical insurance company in United States of America after BCBS (Blue Cross Blue Shield), it’s mainly into big insurance policies like they provide complete medical insurance to employees of big and small industries and companies. We used to get a calls from Providers such as (Hospitals, Doctors Clinic Therapist and other Providers those who render services to the patients to check their benefits and the policy structure for every individual patients and also to check their claims. Wipro was the Third Party BPO which was situated at Belapur Railway station.

Job Profile:

1) Team of 16 Rep’s
2) Customer Satisfaction and Quality. (Csat was the major key for every rep and also for TL and Quality as there was a call Quality check from the Business provider (external) and also Internal Quality, so at times need to give Quality feedback to everyone.

3) Making sure all calls are 100% good calls (understanding, polite and rapport building with the caller)

4) Handle Escalation Calls for the claims or Supervisor calls.

5) LIVE Call Monitoring and giving feedback.

6) Making sure AHT, wrap time and hold time is maintained properly through MIS Report.

Achievements: 

1)  I got promoted as Team Leader, (Start of my career as a Team Leader).

2) Got 100% Csat Surveys continuously for 4 months.

3) Got Recognition for being top on the floor for Quality and Csat scores.

4) Worked as acting GL (Group Leader) for 2 months in absence of GL.
5) Got Orange Neck Belt for completing 3 Years and Red for completing 5 years.

6) Handled OJT Teams.

4) Company Name: R-Tech (I) Pvt. Ltd.
Duration: Dec 2004 to March 2007

Last Designation: Sr. CSR

Job Profile:

· Hard Core Outbound Sales Process

· Selling 3G and T-Mobile to UK Customers

· Training& Coaching of New Joinee’s

Prior NON BPO Experience:

· Worked with Scanwell Freight Express (I) Pvt Ltd. as a Marketing Executive/ Computer Operator for 1 Year
· Worked with ABN AMRO Bank as a Marketing Executive for Credit Cards Department for 1 Year

· Worked with ICICI Bank as a Marketing Executive for Credit Cards Department for 6 Months

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

· 10th Passed from C.B.S.E New Delhi in the year 1997
· 12th Passed from C.B.S.E New Delhi in the Year 1999
· B.Com Graduate from Delhi University in the year 2001

ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:

· 2 years computer Software course from SSI New Delhi
· 6 Months computer software course from APTECH New Delhi
PERSONAL DETAILS:

· Date of Birth

: 
4 November, 1979
· Gender


: 
Male

· Languages Known
: 
English, Hindi, Punjabi & Marathi
· Marital status

:
Married

DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that all the above mentioned details are true to the best of my knowledge.
Place:
Date:

(Vishal Anand)
