














































Jay Rajesh Mehta 

101, “Shri Hari Residency”, Shri Arvind Marg, Nana Bazar, Vallabh Vidyanagar – 388120, Gujarat, India 
Contact: +919427180385, Email: jrmehta6@gmail.com 

 

 
Career Objective:  
 
Excel in my field through hard work, research, skills and perseverance. Be an astute learner and the best performer in 
your organization, so that I can build an innovative career in your esteemed organization by using my skills and other 
significant talents. To achieve high career growth through a continuous learning process and keep myself dynamic, 
visionary and competitive with the changing world. Work hard with full determination and dedication to achieve 
organizational as well as personal goals. 

 

 
Professional Qualifications: 
 

 Post Graduate in I.T. (Information Security) with 3.5 years of experience in academic at under 
graduate level. 

 A passion about the teaching field with a great teaching aptitude 

 Familiarity with the general administrative environment at educational institutes and idea about their practices. 

 Good proficiency at computer aided teaching and research tools and the web search engines. 

 Thorough knowledge of the subject to be taught and its background. 

 Knowledge of common student's psychology and high concern regarding the problems they face in the 
learning process 
 

 
Skills: 
 

 Languages           : C, VB.NET, HTML 

 Technology          : Cyber Crimes and Cyber Law, Tools and Technology of Cyber Security, 
Database Management System, Information Security, E.R.P., Data Compression 

 Operating System: Windows Family, Kali Linux 

 Database               :  SQL Server 2010 and MS Office 
 

 

Educational Qualification: 
 

Course Year of 
Passing 

Marks Class College/ School University/Board 

M.Tech (I.T) May 2014 6.70 (CGPA) First Class 
C.S.Patel Institute of 

Technology (CSPIT) 

CHARUSAT University, 

Changa 

B.E (I.T) May 2012 6.10 (CGPA) Second Class 

G.H.Patel College of 

Engineering & 

Technology (GCET) 

Gujarat Technological 

University (GTU) 

H.S.C March 2008 70.00 % First Class RPTP (V.V.Nagar) 
Gujarat State Education 

Board 

S.S.C March 2006 89.43 % Distinction 
Gnyanyagna Vidyalaya 

(Mogri) 

Gujarat State Education 

Board 

 
 

 



Jay Rajesh Mehta 

Achievements: 
 

 Did a seminar on Cyber Crime and Cyber Law & Tools & Technology in Cyber World in GCMMF, Vithhal 
Udhyognagar Industrial Association (VUIA), Rajkot Nagrik Sahkari Bank (RNSB) & trained more than 
500 employees in association with Advocate Manan Thakker. 

 

 Provided a consultancy to GCMMF (AMUL), Vithhal Udhyognagar Industrial Association (VUIA) for 
Cyber Case. 

 

 Delivered a lecture on Ransomware, Firewall, Virus & Worms, Encryption, Penetration Testing, 
Vulnerability Testing, Cyber Crime & their cases under IEEE in association with Cyberra Legal 
Services (CLS) in Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication Technology, 
Gandhinagar (DA-IICT) and Bhartiya Vidya Bhavan’s, Ahmedabad. 
 

 Delivered a lecture on Ransomware and their Technicality in Google Development Group (GDG), 
Vadodara to non-IT, IT, MBA, MCA students, Employees. 

 

 Delivered a lecture on Cyber Security in Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel institute of Technology, Vasad in 
Electrical Department. 

 

 Delivered a lecture on Database Management System in Acumen Company, Vadodara. 
 

 Conducted seminar on Enterprise Resource Planning in A. D. Patel Institute of Technology (ADIT, New 
Vidyanagar). 

 

 Organized the visit to AMUL Dairy for the purpose of SAP ERP implemented in the dairy for ADIT students. 
 

 Arranged institutional seminar for all the institutes of Gujarat about Cyber Crimes and Cyber Laws 
according to Indian govt. IT act-2000 by Cyber Advocate Mr. Manan Thakker in ADIT. 

 

 Arranged institutional seminar about Cyber Crimes and Cyber Laws according to Indian govt. IT act-2000 
by Cyber Advocate Mr. Manan Thakker in Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad (SVIT). 

 

 Organized a one day visit to PATNI IGATE Solutions, Gandhinagar for the guidance of live project 
development in ADIT. 

 

 Headed a team manager of XITIJ-2014-15 Youth Festival from the A. D. Patel Institute of Technology 
(ADIT) and took the institute to the National Level. 

 

 Headed a team manager of XITIJ-2015-16 Youth Festival from the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of 
Technology, Vasad (SVIT) and took the institute to the West Zone Level. 

 

 Achieved 1
st

 prize in XITIJ-2011-12 Youth Festival of Gujarat Technological University at inter-zonal, 
intra-zonal and west zone level in Music Events from G. H. Patel College of Engineering (GCET). 

 

 Achieved 1
st

 prize in VOLCANO-2011-12 held in Anand in Music Events from G. H. Patel College of 
Engineering (GCET). 

 
 

Subjects Taught: 
 

     Enterprise Resource Planning 

     Data Compression 

     Cyber Security 

     Data Compression and Data Retrieval 

     Computer Programming and Utilization 

     Information Security 



Jay Rajesh Mehta 

Project Experience: 
 

Industrial Training (Final Year Project): 
 

Company E-Tech International Consultants, Vallabh Vidyanagar, Gujarat 

Project Title Decision Analysis System 

Description 

This project mainly deals with decision aspects. When user stuck up at some technical 
oriented problem in the company, this software helps to come out & helps to make a decision 
on that problem from the graphical representation of decision tree. Decision Tree includes 
problem name and its probable outcome, probability to occur that outcome, profit, cost etc. 
This software is basically used in big organization where huge & complex problems arise day 
to day. 

Technology VB.Net 

Duration 1 year (BE Semester –VII & VIII) 

 
 
Project work at Under Graduate level: 
 

Project Title News @ 24X7 

Description 
It is a newspaper website for all kind of news such as current affairs, atmosphere, history, 
magazine subscription for registered users, bollywood news, technology news etc. 

Technology PhP 

Duration 6 Months (BE Semester –VI) 

 
Research work at Post Graduation level (Information Security): 
 

Project Title Remote Data Integrity using Additive Homomorphic Verifiable Tag 

Description 
Develop the remote data integrity system using an additive homomorphic verifiable tag to 
provide probabilistic tag computation solution so as to strengthen the security aspect, 
lower the network communication & network overhead and to make it unforgeable.  

Technology JAVA 

Duration 1 year Dissertation 

 

 
Hobbies: Music, Singing, Poetry, Writing article & Poem, Reading, Advanced Technology 
 
Professional and Academic Experience and Accomplishments: 
 

 1.5 years of experience in E-Tech International Consultants, Vallabh Vidyanagar, Gujarat 
 

 A. D. Patel Institute of Technology, (ADIT)  
Lecturer in B. E. (Information Technology)     June 8

th
, 2014  

 

 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad (SVIT) 
Assistant Professor in B. E. (Information Technology)    June 20

th
, 2015  

 
 

Personal Details: 

 Date of Birth             : 06
th
 November, 1989 

 Marital Status            : Single 

 Languages Known    : English, Hindi, Gujarati 

 Nationality              : Indian 

 Gender                         : Male 


