















































CV_design_14

  Prince Arora 
              D.O.B:   6thJuly.1992
              Phone:   +91-9599797779 
              Email:    germanprincearora@gmail.com



`	Profile 

To attain a good position in a growing research organization which will enable me to efficiently present my knowledge, skills and experience by giving an area of opportunities and growth both personally and professionally . 



     Education

	DEGREE
	INSTITUTION

	 B.Com
	Delhi University

	 Diploma German Language
	Delhi University Hans Raj College

	 Certificate in German language 
	Delhi University Hans Raj College

	 Higher Secondary Studies 
	Sarvodaya co-ed vidyalaya(CBSE)

	 Secondary Studies 
	Sarvodaya co-ed vidyalaya(CBSE)






Experience 

Amazon Development center ( April’2016 - Present)
Industry Background: E-commerce
Level:  DE-Investigator

The Transaction Risk Management group manages risk on every transaction placed through Amazon ecommerce platform worldwide. We develop innovative concepts and systems to ensure Amazon ecommerce platform  and our third party marketplace is the safest and most trusted place to shop online, and to drive growth and profitability through novel analytics.
The ideal candidate will use state-of-the-art statistical or machine learning techniques to research
and analyze complex statistical data related to all facets of risk management and fraud prevention at Amazon  worldwide.

•	Investigating fraudulent activities on Amazon platform.
•	Reviewing buyer and seller communication (German language) in tool.
•	Investigating all risky seller’s accounts to make amazon a customer centric platform.
•	Evaluating and optimizing existing and new analytical models for risk management.



Concentrix Daksh Service India Pvt. Ltd. (October'2014 - March'2016)
   

      Industry Background: Business Process Outsourcing
     
      Level: German language Practitioner. 

      Responsibilities:   Investigate and resolve customer's queries.
 	                      Secondary Research: Collecting information for updated offers and others services.

Exëvo India Pvt. Ltd. (August'2013 - September'2014)

   Industry Background: Market Research 		
   Level: Research Associate
    Responsibilities:

Conducting Interviews :Telephonic and web based for various industry-specific projects in IT, Finance, Telecommunication, Energy and Retail verticals across US, EMEA and APAC regions Experience and expertise in summarizing analyzing reports.

Secondary Data extraction: Identifying the best sources of data, extracting information from the sources, including paid databases, publications from analyst reports and from company reports and websites.
Performed ongoing customer/market research: Demographic profiling to identify and capitalize on unmet market needs ahead of the curve.

To and Fro Translation and transcriptions Projects.




   Skills

Strong Communication Skills in German Language as well as in English.
Corporate Communication.
Highly motivated with a desire to perform in large number and fair believer in Team Work. 
Geographic Exposure to deal with clients in Germany, Switzerland, Belgium, Nederland, Austria, Luxe       -emburg and other European countries.
Well conversant with MS Office, Excel and PowerPoint. 
Working with database to extract information such as Hoovers, Gartner, LinkedIn, One Source and ID     Database.



     Strengths

Ability to work in a team and lead it.
Strong analytical skills.
Self-motivated and challenge driven.







   Personal Information

     Father’s Name		 :             Mr. Subhash Arora

     Permanent Address		 :             43, Hakikat Nagar (gate no. 3),
                                                      		 Kingsway Camp, near G.T.B. Nagar
           		 Metro Station , Delhi -110009

    Languages known		 :             English, German, Hindi and Punjabi

    Hobbies			 :             Socializing, listening music and gaming.

   




                                                                                            	
