
















































	Rucha Rajendra Naik
	Contact Details: 
Email: rucha8naik@gmail.com
Mob.: +91  9823241211



	

	Education

	2000
	Completed level 10 from St. Helena’s High School, Pune

	
	

	2002
	Complete level 12 from Yashwantrao Mohite College, Pune

	
	

	2005
	BSc (ELECTRONICS)from Fergusson College, Pune


Certification

	2003
	C++ and SQL basic Certificate from NIIT, Pune

	
	

	2006
	Web Design Certificate from Edit Institute, Pune

	
	

	2017
	UX - User Research and Strategy Certificate from DesignLab




	About 

Over 10 years of competitive hands-on experience in IT Industry.

· Experience of handling teams
· Experience in handling clients
· Experience in Accessibility
· Good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills
· Capability to learn new work environments
· Ability to work in team and individual environment
· Follow Agile methodologies
	Experience

	Dec 2013 – Mar 2017
	Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd.
Position: Consultant

	
	

	Feb 2013 – Nov 2013
	The Circus Works Pvt. Ltd.
Position: Senior Web Designer & Developer

	
	

	Apr 2010 – Jan 2013
	Media Sphere Communications Pvt. Ltd.
Position: Senior Design Manager

	
	

	May 2008 – Feb 2010
	Reality Information Systems Pvt. Ltd.
Position: Senior Web designer

	
	

	Nov 2006 – Aug 2007
	Eximiuus Technology Pvt. Ltd.
Position: Instructional Designer

	
	

	Apr 2006 – Nov 2006
	Honey Blossom Pvt. Ltd.
Position: Web Designer







Skillset:
	· Photoshop
· Illustrator
· Dreamweaver
· Flash
· Coreldraw
	· Javascript
· Jquery
· HTML5
· CSS3
· Eclipse
	· Bootstrap Framework
· Joomla Framework
· Wordpress



Project Experience:

Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd.
Project: HSBC Public Website (HK)
This project was about creating the HSBC Public Website for 64 countries by using technologies like DOJO, HTML5 and CSS3. Since, it was a banking website accessibility concerns were very important for which we used W3C accessibility coding standards, JAWS and other Screen-readers. The website designs and wireframes were provided to us by a third- party company. As the project had to follow Agile standards, we used to analysis the data sent and consolidate a query document to resolve our design related queries in the first week, start the development in the second week followed by testing and deployment of code in the third week.
Role: I was majorly responsible for the proper responsive nature of the website as we had modified the bootstrap grid structure according to the requirements, optimization of the code, clean coding standards, testing for defects, managing a team of 5 HTML developers within a team of 40, demo sessions with the business and then the deployment of the code.

The Circus Works Pvt. Ltd.
Projects: The Circus Works, High on Chai, VTP Group and other local clients
This company was a creative advertising agency and mostly worked for print. Since, it was a start-up company with a strength of 25 team members, I was the only concerned person for all the website development and interaction with the clients regarding any design related or other functional issues.

Media Sphere Communications Pvt. Ltd.
Projects: Many local projects like Sokrati, Goel Ganaga and Pushpaganga developers, Healing Shastra, Sameer Belvalkar personal website, Aparna Shere personal website, Chaitanya Stemcell, Perfios, csDirekt, Woximdia, Sears Holdings, Deccan Honda, Jairaj developers, Cadison, maintenance of websites like Punekar, Fotoflock
Company mostly dealt with print media, social media, content writing and digital media. Being a part of the digital media, my core responsibilities were to design and develop websites. Here, mostly we used Joomla framework and Wordpress for blogs, HTML, CSS, Dreamweaver, Flash, Coreldraw, Illustrator and Photoshop. Under print media I have worked on designing logos, letter-heads, visiting cards, flyers and pamplets. Under digital media, I have worked on designing websites, emailers, flash advertisements and newsletters.

Reality Information Systems Pvt. Ltd.
Projects: Worked on many local static projects
Being a print and web multimedia company, I was a part of the web designing and development team. My role was to create static templates and websites using HTML, CSS, Dreamweaver and Photoshop. I also had the responsibility to directly connect with the client and discuss the project points. 



Eximiuus Technology Pvt. Ltd.
Project: KPIT e-learning portal
This company was based on e-learning projects. Being, an Instructional Designer my core responsibility was to create storyboards, connect with the client, handle a team of graphic designers and voice-over team, test the deliverables and send the e-learning slides to the deployment team.
Honey Blossom Pvt. Ltd.
Projects: Worked on many local projects
This was a small-scale company mostly into Dot.net and web publications. My role was to develop an error free website using HTML, CSS, dreamweaver, coreldraw and photoshop.

Personal Information
	Date of Birth:
	8th January, 1985

	Pune Address:
	66/3, Flat no.5, Happy Home Co-operative Housing Society, Opposite Law College, Law College Road, Pune – 411004.

	Mumbai Address:
	B-206, Deep Pooja Apts., Near Hotel Samudra, Louis Wadi, Thane West 400604.

	Languages Known:
	Marathi, Hindi and English

	Marital Status:
	Married

	Notice Period:
	15 days

	Email:
	Rucha8naik@gmail.com

	Contact No.:
	+91 9823241211






