






























 
 
 
 
 
HIREN PANDYA        

Mobile No. : 99099 84360 / 94282 46826     Mail Id: hppandya78@gmail.com 

 
Job Objective : 
 
To convert goals into achievements, maximizing strengths, overcoming weaknesses and making a nice in the 
corporate field. 
 
Snapshot : 
 
Graduate in Commerce with 20 years’ experience in the areas of finalizations, Accounting & Auditing. I have 
proficiency in Finalizing Accounts, Compliance with the Accounting Standard in accordance with the companies Act 
Income tax act.&strong communication & team building skills with grasping accounting concepts quickly & utilized 
in a productive manner. I have experience in FI, MM, SD & TRM module in SAP, Tally, ERP FAS.  
 
Present Assignment: 
 
 Since Dec 2005’ working with Adani Enterprises Limited. as an Accounts Officer  
 
Company profile: Adani Enterprises Ltd based at Ahmadabad.  
 
In Adani Enterprises Limited. I am working in Treasury department & handling of Accounting in Risk management 
activities, Forex, Investment & borrowing in SAP- FI & TRM module.  And preparation of MIS, Ledger Scrutiny, 
Liaison with Auditors, TDS & Service Tax Compliance, System improvement, also involved in finalization of 
accounting. 
 
Key Result Areas Handling: 
 

 Handling of Forex accounting up to finalization. 
 Handling of risk management accounting up to finalization. 
 Preparation of Treasury related monthly financial MIS reports. 
 Handling of Borrowing & Investments related accounting i.e. FDRs ICD B.C. FDOD etc. 
 Treasury related all Expenses Verified & Check with bank reconciliation statements. 
 Scrutinize of General Ledger, receivable & Payable Accounts. & Debtors control related ageing reports. 
 Quarterly Inter-company Transaction Reconciliation. 
 Handling of Foreign Consignment & Joint Venture Account up to finalization. 
 Balance confirmation with domestic & foreign supplier 
 Providing cost details to the Management for product pricing. As per tax Compliance  
 Regular monitoring  & scrutiny in routine Accounting operations as a division level. 
 Liaison with Statutory & Internal Auditors. 
 Preparation of note to management, covering issues requiring special suggestion, recommendation relating to 

areas of operation & Accounts. 
 Coordination with SAP department for Development and Implementation in FI,MM, SD, TRM module. as per 

requirement in our aria.  
 

Previous Assignments : 
 
 Feb’ 2001 to December’2005 working with Ashima Ltd. As an Accounts Officer 

 
Company profile: Ashima Limited is textile manufacturing company head office based at Ahmedabad. It as turnover 
more than 700 crores. 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 
Key Result Areas Handling: 
 

 I have handled the assignment of establishing the internal control system and also done Pre audit and post 
audit of routine operation and give monthly reports to management.  

 I handled Stock audit, Insurance audit, System audit i.e. HR module and also handled specific audit area of 
different Site/Location in allover India. 

 Preparation of special investigation & preparation of report. 
 Quarterly Inter-company Transaction Reconciliation. 
 Scrutinize of General Ledger,receivable & Payable Accounts. & Debtors control related ageing reports 
 Scrutinize of Quarterly Physical Stock verification & Preparation of Stock Report. 
 Preparation of note to management covering issues requiring of special suggestions, recommendation relating 

to areas of operation & Account. 
 

 August‘1998 to Jan’2001 working with Gujarat Optical Communications Ltd...  as a Senior Accountant 
 
Company profile: Gujarat Optical Communications Ltd. was Optical Fiber cable producer, head office based at 
Ahmadabad. It has group of Gujarat Telephone Cables Ltd. It has turnover more than 400 Crore. 
 
Key Result Areas Handling: 
 

 Regular scrutiny andMonitoringand maintenance of basic accounting records such as cash book, bank books, 
journal ledgers and other subsidiary ledgers as per commercial accounting norms and accounting standards of 
ICAI 

 Regular preparation of bank reconciliation statements of all bank accounts and proper checking of interest, 
penal interest, and bank charges etc. 

 Regular& Timely payment of VAT/CST, TDS, Service tax& filling of tax returns as per rules and in time.as 
per tax Compliance. 

 Reconciliation of HO & Factory Petty cash vouchers. 
 Regular scrutiny and Monitoring in Consignment & Joint Venture Accounts. 
 Export & Domestic sales accounting and reconciliation with material accounting. 
 Scrutinize payables, receivables & others GL. 
 Preparation of MIS reports, monthly financial reports, and budget reports. 
 Finalization of accounts. Preparation of Profit and Loss account and Balance Sheetof get it audited from 

statutory / Cooperative auditors. 
 Preparation of management accounts to review stage, support in yearend accounting, all aspects of fixed asset 

accounting, control of costing model, budget preparation, payroll, TDS Reports and Vat, FBT, & Service Tax. 
 Preparation of assets records and periodic reconciliation and physical verification. 
 Preparation of annual budgets, monthly management accounts, including a detailed cash flow forecast, cost 

analysis. 
 Collection and compilation of information from concerned department/officer and reply to internal audit 

report queries/reports. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
  
Academic Qualifications : 
 
B.Com from Gujarat University in 1996 with Subject was Advance Accounting & Auditing. 
  
Computer Skills: 
 

 Well versed in Accounting & Financial Software with SAP (Ver.7),Tally(Ver.4.5, 5.4, 6.3, 7.2 & 9 ), FAS & 
ERP. 

 Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, power point, Internet & have a good working knowledge of other office 
applications.  

 
Personal Details : 
 
Name   : Hiren Pandya 
Contact Address : D-517, Dipalinagar,Adinathnagar,Part-2, Odhav, Ahmedabad-382 415 
Date of Birth  : 1st September 1978. 
Expected Salary  : As per negotiable  
Joining Period    : 1 Month. 
 
Reference : 
 

1) Name   : Mr. Hiren Thacker 
   M.B.A. 

Address  : Ahmedabad   
Service   : Adani Enterprises Limited 
Designation : Associate Manager - Finance and Accounts 
Contact No. : +91 90990 55007 
 

2) Name   : Mr. Mehul Kapadia 
   C.A. 

Address  : Ahmedabad   
Service   : Adani Enterprises Limited 
Designation : Manager - Finance and Accounts 
Contact No. : +91 90990 05559 
 

 
 
 
 


