

























DEEPIKA TALAPATRA 
 

 

OBJECTIVE: - 

  

To head towards an objective opportunity where the knowledge acquired could be utilized &                           

implemented in real life project to further enhance the skills & expertise towards                         

achieving the final goal of extra ordinary success & job satisfaction. 

  

SUMMARY:-  

 

● Ability to understand management fundamentals & their effective implementation to                   
achieve success. 

● Ability to work constructively with team. 
● Ability to take responsibility and own assignment. 
● Excellent interpersonal skills worked in team & co-ordinate teamwork in various                     

project successfully 

● Good communication skills, ability to put across ideas & views cogently.  
● Strategic thinking  
● Visionary  
● Flexible/ can acclimatize in any situation or place 
● Self-management  
● Team player  
● Solve-complex problems and make decisions  
● Ethical/high personal standards 

 

JOB EXPERIENCE:- 

 

● Worked for ​Somani International School​ as a Senior Wing Teacher was also running 
an institute in Jodhpur and Jaipur (Academia – The Success) & was working for my 

own project ​Uddaishya Welfare Society​ which includes Enhancement of Verbal & 
Non-Verbal Communication Skills & also handle the Projects of ​Ministry of Rural 
Development​ (​M.O.R.D) (2009-2013) 

● Worked with ​Focus Institute ​as ​Center Head​ ​(2007 – 2009) 
● Worked with ​Hero Mind Mine​ as ​Center Head.​ ​(2006 – 2007) 
● Worked with ​GE SBI Visa Credit Card​ as ​Retention Head (2004 -2006) 
● Taken ​Spoken English Classes​ for ​Dainik Bhaskar​ Summer Camps in Jodhpur. 

 

 

ACHIEVEMENTS:- 

● Awarded with ​employee of the month​ and spot recognition award within three   
months of  joining 

● Awarded for ​outstanding performance​.  
● Certified by ​Dainik Bhaskar for being an active participant for their successful                       
event 

deepstalapatra@gmail.com+91-9741799085 
 



 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:- 

 

● Bachelor of Education (B.Ed) Bharatiya Shiksha Parisad, Lucknow in 2013 
● Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) from Rajasthan University in 2006. 

 

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVIES IN SCHOOL:- 

 

● Won First prize in inter school solo dance competition. 
● Won First Prize in Jodhpur Dance Competition 
● Won 2​nd​ position for inter house GD competitions 

HOBBIES:- 

  

● Interacting with people  
● Experimenting innovating ideas in whatever field I am linked in 
● Dancing 
● Appreciating Music 
● Love to learn new things from different people and situation. 
● Love to spend my free time with less advantaged people  

  

LANGUAGES KNOWN:- 

 

English, fluent Hindi & Bengali 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS:- 

  

Husband Name: Ananda Shankar Talapatra  

 

Date of Birth: 21-July-1984 

 

Nationality: Indian 

 

Reference: On request  

 

Address: Sunny Dew Apartment, Flat No. 4D, 4​th Floor, Block 4,                   
Garia, Kolkata 700084 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Deepika Talapatra 

deepstalapatra@gmail.com+91-9741799085 
 


