















































 

Heena Manglani 
 
 

Pristine Paradise Apartment, Flat N0-112, Bilekahali, Bangalore-560076 
 

Mobile No.- 8329351656, 9923927137 
Email: heenamanglani02@gmail.com

 

 

 

With my hard work and dedication, I would like to achieve a position where I can earn respect for my work, 

bringing forth relevant knowledge and a positive contribution to the organization. I look forward to challenges 

as they help me grow as a professional and as an individual. 

 

 

 
➢ 2016 –> Pursuing the Company Secretary Foundation Programme, conducted by the Institute of Company 

Secretaries of India (ICSI). 
 
➢ 2013 –> Bachelor’s in Business Administration, specializing in Marketing, Nagpur University, India 
 
 

 
 
 

Configuration Analyst- Cerner Corporation Pvt. Ltd.  – Sept 15-2016- till date. 
 
Responsibilities 

 
● Supervising and delegating multiple work flow processes under critical deadlines, coordinating efforts 

with team leadership to maintain process stability, managing team performance, and reporting 
employee metrics in order to ensure team, department goals and SLAs are met.  
 

● Providing team guidance in the processing of encounter submissions, including receiving, reviewing, 
analyzing, trending, resolving, tracking, and reporting on encounter files and response file results. 

 
● Providing documentation detailing the procedures, outcomes, and observations; making 

recommendations for system and process changes to internal leadership and/or the Health Plan as 
needed, for the data to meet regulatory compliance. 

 

● Working on Test Packets evidence i.e. to review the test packet documents as per the company’s 
guidelines. 
 

● Plan and execute assigned tasks within deadlines. 
 

● Review and recommend changes to existing configuration processes. 
 

● Analyze and resolve issues in a timely manner. 
 

● Collaborating with the client and other teams to promote effective working relationships and 
monitoring response time of issue resolution, as well as managing client touch point calls 

and maintaining detailed status logs which are shared with the client in a timely manner. touch point 
calls and maintaining detailed status logs which are shared with the client in a timely manner. 

 

 

Personal Summary 

Education 

Work Experience 

file:///C:/Users/HM050142/Downloads/heenamanglani02@gmail.com


 

 

 
Data Quality Associate – Practo Technologies Pvt. Ltd. – Nov-2015-Sept 12-2016 
 
Responsibilities 
 
● Worked with the technical team to design user friendly e-learning modules. 

● Reviewed, edited and updated existing training materials on various topics to ensure they’re up-to-date.  

● Facilitated in creating content to target specific audiences. 

● Designed/Maintained templates/standards for documentation in accordance with corporate guidelines and 

best practices. 

 

 

 
 
 

 

● Achieved targets on time. 

● Appreciation email from manager and Team lead for clearing backlogs. 

● Always been the topper in my team in terms of all parameters. 

● Worked for two different process in shorter span of time.  

● Appreciation emails from clients. 

● Handled escalations and provided resolution before the deadline. 

● More clients were added in the list, seeing completion of tasks every time before the deadline given. 

● Worked with 50+ clients globally.  

 

 

        

 
● Strong communication and interpersonal 

skills 
● Internet Research 
● Team and work scheduling skills 
● Proficient in MS Word, MS PowerPoint 

 

 
● Ability to write in multiple styles for multiple 

audiences 
● Attention to detail 
● Business awareness 
● Ability to work independently with little 

supervision

 

Key Achievements 

Key Skills 


