














































WASIF MOHAMED. M 

Phone: 91-9840078285 

Email: wasif.mohamed@ymail.com 

Carrier Summary: 

To obtain a high-level, challenging, permanent position that allows me to utilize my Networking 

expertise and to secure the networks in an environment conducive to continual advancement of 

knowledge and skills, capable to confront any kind of situations and problems using computers and 

Internet as a tool. 

 

Education: 

• MCA, B.S.ABDUR RAHMAN University TN, 2014. 

• B.Sc (Computer Science), THE NEW COLLEGE (AUTONOMOUS) TN, 2011. 

• Intermediate From Measi Matriculation higher secondary School 

• SSC From Measi Matriculation higher secondary School 

 

Work Experience: 

 

Allsec Technologies                             (February 2017 to March 2018) 

Senior Customer Care Executive at Samsung 

 Handling Escalation Desk and Calls. 

 Providing Support for their Samsung Products both HHP and NHHP 

 Educating Customers about their Products Technically and Warranty Policies. 

 Providing Customer satisfaction based on Extended Warranty’s or Commercial Solution. 

 Issuing Warnings on the Service Centers where they do Wrong troubleshooting and prolong 
the cases more than provided TAT. 

 Being a bridge between Customers and Call centre / Service Centre to resolve their issues 
on priority basis to avoid further escalations. 

 

Responsibilities 

 Quickly arranging service for repair in occasion of  hardware failure 

 Regularly Updated on the newly launched Products of Samsung 

 Avoiding Escalations like Social Media, CEO desk, Management level, Branch, Sales and also 

handling Service Operational group escalations. 

 Providing solution to the customer from End-End 

 

 



Sutherland Global Services                                      (April 2015 to April 2016) 

Front Line agent Dell Commercial Support 

 Handling Customers and providing warranty support for their Dell system 

 Being regularly updated on new products and technologies 

 Educating customers on computers and help in resolving their issue 

 Remotely working on customers system and help in resolving their drivers and IT  issues 

 Guiding customer on troubleshooting to diagnose issues related to hardware and software 

 Creating dispatches for the required parts on hardware failures 

Resolution expert 

 Dialing Outbound calls on unresolved issues taking it toward resolution 

 Handling unresolved issues of a team of 17 members 

 Handing escalations of key accounts and providing fix on complicated issues 

 Reporting issues to the L3 team and working with customers on the fix provided them and 
report back to them on progress 

Responsibilities 

 User administration (setup and maintaining account) 

 Maintaining system 

 Verify that peripherals are working properly 

 Quickly arrange repair for hardware in occasion of hardware failure 

 Monitor system performance 

 Create file systems 

 Providing technical support for Desktops related issues 

 Install software 

 Create a backup and recovery policy 

 Monitor network communication 

 Update system as soon as new version of OS and application software comes out 

 Implement the policies for the use of the computer system and network 
 
 
Geoscape Foliage & Fountain                                                                         (January 2014 to March 2015) 

Specialized in the field of hardware & networks designing implementing and troubleshooting of 

windows, TCP/IP. 

 Internet connectivity. 

 Assembling and Troubleshooting of Systems 

 Fault finding & troubleshooting of Monitor, SMPS, and Mother Board 

 Installation of Operating Systems Win XP, Win 2003, Windows 7 etc. 

 Installation of device drivers & hardware components. Configuration of Printer Scanner 

 Installation & Maintenance of Computer Accessories & Software Applications. 

 Proficiency & Excellency in Internet , Sharing of network resources (Printer & files) 



Strengths: 

 

 Able to work independently and efficiently and be part of a team to accomplish goals. 

 Honest, Sincere, Hard working and punctual. 

 Ability to learn things quickly. 
 
 

PERSONAL DETAILS: 

 Date of Birth    :  27-10-1991. 

 Sex                            :  Male. 

 Nationality    :  Indian. 

 Religion    :  Muslim. 

 Marital Status    :  Single. 

 Language Known   :    English, Hindi, Urdu, Tamil. 

 Passport    :  J5223810 

 Validity    :  11-05-2011 To 10-05-2021 

 

 

 


