














































1 
 

Nisha Yadav 
 
 
Email: nisha.yadav612@gmail.com 
 
Phone: +91 95118 70289 / 9767145699  
 
 
 

 
Summary 
 
Associate Consultant with experience in Analyzing and Preparing Financial Management Reporting. 
 
Responsibilities 
  
Working in “Account management strategic initiative” COE cluster, handling below mentioned activities for top 22 

Accounts, contributing > 50% of Capgemini revenue: 

 
• Preparation of monthly P&L Reports (Actual, Forecast, Budget) and timely financial recommendation to management for 

decision making purposes  
• Financial Reporting, Forecasting and Preparation of variance analysis report between Flash Numbers and Actual numbers  
• Closely working with CFO and Controllers  
• Ensure timelines, accuracy and quality of reports in high growth environment  
• Managing AdHoc reports with the help of database system used in financial reporting/consolidation (HFM, Oracle, BO, etc.)  
• Providing training and assisting to immediate juniors  
• Preparing weekly, monthly detailed analytical reports and provide suggestions for better business performance  
• Preparation of reports on External Communication which includes Sector and Client wise reporting on quarterly basis for 

better analysis and decision making to controllers  
• Preparing GSO Deck for CFO on Business Portfolio 

 

 
External Client Mapping 
 
Independently handling Client Mapping project. This process aims to outcome mapping of external clients to their Parent 
Account and Ultimate Parent Account. 

 

 
Worked for Investor Relations (Interim Project) 

Preparing Quarterly detailed analytical reports for better business insights. 


 Complete study of company documents i.e. Press release, Presentation, Call transcripts etc. 

 Updating quarterly, semi-annually and annual results of companies and sending it to clients within stipulated time 

frame 

 Thorough study of M&A deals, Divestures, etc. and its impact on company financials 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



2 
 

 
 
 
 
Experience 
 

Associate Consultant   
Capgemini 

 
Nov 2016 - Present 

 
 

 
Intern   
Karvy stock broking 

 
Apr 2015 - Jun 2015 

 
Assist in Relationship Management 

 
 
 
 
Education 
 

Pillai institute of management studies and research 2014 - 2016 

MMS/MBA, Finance, 64%  

University of Mumbai  

Symbiosis College of Arts & Commerce 2010 - 2013 

Bachelor of Commerce (BCom), Accounting and Finance, 60%     
University of Pune 

 

 

Sinhagad Public School   
10+2, Business/Commerce, General, 63% 

 
CBSE Board 

 

Carmel Convent School   
SSC, General Studies, 74% 

 
University of Mumbai 

 

 

Skills 
 

Microsoft Excel • 

• Smart View • 
 

 
Microsoft Office • Microsoft PowerPoint • Hyperion Financial Management (HFM) • GFS 

Teamwork • Time Management 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



3 
 

 

 

 

 

Honors & Awards 
 

Silver Star Award • Capgemini Consulting • Jan 2018   
For best performance in fresher assessment 

 

KM Award • Capgemini Consulting • Dec 2017   
Recognition for participation in Knowledge Management Team and organizing activities at Capgemini 

 

Symbizvilla • Symbiosis college of arts and commerce • Jan 2013   
Secured 2nd prize at a Management event “Symbizvilla” in Symbiosis college of Arts and Commerce, Pune 
 

   
Alegria • Pillai institute of management studies and research• 2015 
Participated in Marketing Committee Of College Fest ‘Alegria’ at Pillai Institute of Management Studies, Panvel. 

 
 
 
Personal Details: 
 

 Date Of Birth: 6
th

 December 1992
 Contact Address: B5/301, Comfort zone plus, Balewadi. Pune. Pin: 411045
 Languages: English, Hindi and Marathi

 Hobbies : Playing Badminton and Dance
 
 
 

Declaration: 
 

I hereby affirm that the information in this document is accurate and true to the best of my knowledge. 
 

Place: Pune Nisha Yadav 
 

Date: 
 
 



4 
 

 


