












































K

K. Saranya                                                         No: 21, Raghavendra Nagar,

                                                                                     First Street, 

                                                                                     Ramapuram,                                                    

                                                                                     Chennai – 600082.








 Email: saranyakumar30@gmail.com                         






 Mobile:+91 9791117890








 SHAPE 


  

Objective:

Seeking a career with a progressive organization where I can utilize my skills, knowledge and experience in management, operations, in a challenging role that allows for advancement and growth

Career Brief:

· Experienced in BPO US Voice - Based process from June`2007 till date.

· Strong focus on Customer Service & Relationship Management.

· Growing from the role as a team member to a senior member has enabled learning of building process, people & systems critical in attaining goals. 

Career Chart:

	Period
	Designation
	Company

	Feb 2008 onwards
	Sr. Customer Support Executive
	HCL Technologies BPO Services

	Jun 2007 – Dec 2007
	Contact Specialist
	Softlogic System Private Limited


Career Details:

Designation:        Sr. Customer Support Executive

Company Name:   HCL Technologies BPO Services

Duration:             Feb 2008 onwards

· Cross Trained as a Research Specialist 

· Calling the customers on their requests

· Communicating with vendors via Phone & Email based on request

· Escalating Team Reports to TL

· Maintained Excellent AHT, Attendance, Productivity & Quality Scores

· Training the new associates

· One of the top performer in the team.

Designation:        Contact Specialist

Company Name:   Softlogic System Private Limited

Duration:             Jun 2007 – Dec 2007

· Analyze the Products and workloads prepare the reports (Turn around Time) and

      circulate to the Customers

· Updating the carry forward for the day based on the business operation associate

      to the Team leader.

· Planning for daily production based on the work incoming, allocating the resource.

· Tracking the production for every hour from web based reports and updating in the

       tracking reports.Cross Trained as a Research Specialist 

· Preparing the Weekly Status Report.

· Attending all the International /Conference calls. (related to Products/any

      queries)

Educational Qualification:

	Period
	Degree/

Qualification
	Institution
	Board/

University

	Final Year 

2004-2007
	MBA(HR)

BA(English Lit)

	Loyola College, Chennai (Twining Programme)

Auxilium College  
	Pondicherry University

Tiruvalluvar University




Personal Particulars:

Father’s Name                        : S.R.M.Kumar

Date of Birth                           : 30.05.1986

Marital Status                         : Single

Language Proficiency               : English, Tamil and Hindi

Permanent Address                  : No 299, Phase 5,

                                                  Rangapuram,

                                                  Vellore-632009.

