















































 

Akhil E 
Software Developer                        

+91-9633260792 

akhilnaph19@gmail.com

 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 

Software developer with a keen eye for innovative solutions seeks opportunity to bring 1 year experience 

to a growing tech firm. Professional & Technical experience in software development, worked with 

Indian Oil Corporation Ltd as a Java developer. 

 

SUMMARY  

 Advanced knowledge on Software development in Java/J2EE technologies.          

 Good knowledge in Web development technologies. 

 Working experience on Oracle SQL. 
 

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

Java Developer 

 Talented java developer having 1 year of work experience in Java/J2EE. 

 Extensive experience in multi tiered Architecture with Java, Servlets and JSP. 
 Working experience on HTML5, CSS3, Java Script. 

 Working experience on Oracle SQL. 

 Experience in working with Netbeans and Eclipse IDE. 

 Experience in working with operating systems such as windows 7,Linux. 

 
 

 Roles and Responsibilities 

 Design, implement and maintain web application phases. 

 Establish, refine and integrate development and test environment tools and software as needed. 

 Implementing Spring framework. 

 Involved in developing server pages using Servlets and JSPs. 

 Develop database tables. 

 Collaborate with staff and teams to develop, format and deploy content. 

 



Achievements 

 

 Development and maintenance of following modules in web applications. 
1. Book My Quarters (BMQ). 

2. KASO Quiz 

3. Servo Customer Portal 

 

 Provided user support in activities such as 
       1. eTendering 

       2. Installation and configuration of digital token. 

       3. Coordination with DSC certifying authority. 

 

. 

 

 

 

Education 

 2013 BTech in Computer Science and Engineering from AWH Engineering College, Calicut, 
Kerala. 

 

 2009 XII from IMNSGHSS, Mayyil, Kannur, Kerala. 
 

 2007 X from Kambil Mopla High School, Kambil, Kannur, Kerala. 

 

Professional Experience 

 

 Indian Oil Corporation Ltd 

 

Java developer  from September 2015 to September 2016 

 Designing, coding and testing web application using java technologies. 

 

 

 



Personal Qualities 

 Possess strong analytical and problem solving skills, with the ability to make well thought out 

decisions. 

 Creative and co operative, working equally well individually or as a part of a team. 

 Coordinating with team members to achieve the milestones and maintain the team spirit. 

 Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
 

 

Personal Information 

Date of Birth: 30-05-1992 

Permanent Address: Eliyan House, Kambil, Narath P.O, 

                                Kannur district, Kerala-670601. 

Language Known: English, Malayalam  

 

 

Declaration 

I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated above are true, correct and 

complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.  

 

(Akhil .E)  


