
















































                                         Kamran Rashid
Email Address: kamran.sst@gmail.com	               Contact No.:	+91 9885830702	
Designation:	Senior Systems Engineer		Current Organizations: Infosys Ltd.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Having 3.4 years of professional development and support experience in the areas of Microsoft ASP.NET MVC, Windows Form application. Having Good Knowledge in Microsoft SQL Server 2014 and building SSIS packages

· Competent in ASP.NET MVC and good experience in ADO.NET with Connected and Disconnected architecture.

· Having experience in creating end to end project using ASP.NET MVC with C# as the programming language.

· Having knowledge in Generic Collections.

· Experienced in creating Tables, Views, Indexes, User Defined Functions, Stored procedure triggers.

· Good knowledge on Sub queries, Joins SQL Functions.

· Having good experience in using ticketing tool HPSM.

· Self-motivated individual with strong analytical and problem solving abilities,
Proactive, Dedicated, interested in learning new technologies.

	Professional Skill Sets:

	Technologies
	ASP.Net, ADO.Net,ASP.Net MVC

	IDEs
	Visual Studio, SQL Server Management Studio

	Programming Languages
	C#



	Educational Qualification:

	Class
	School/College
	Board
	Year of Passing
	Percentage

	B.Tech
	BPUT
	BPUT
	2015
	74

	12th
	Sainik School Tilaiya
	CBSE
	2011
	65

	10th
	Sainik School Tilaiya
	CBSE
	2009
	83.9






	Project Details:

	Title
	Exelon Project

	Technologies
	C#, Windows form application, oracle

	Duration
	December 2017 – till date

	Description: 

	Role: 

	· Understanding the functional design documents and business requirements.
· Worked on many enhancements on to meet the new business requirements.
· Creation of Impact Analysis Document and Detailed Level Design Document.
· Client Interaction.
· Worked on database objects and created tables and triggers based on the client requirement.
· Working on Incident Management and Change Management.
· Batch Job Monitoring.
· Application Support.

	
	

	Title
	DU Operations Project

	Technologies
	C#, MVC, ADO.NET

	Duration
	DEC 2015-APR 2016

	Description: This is a self - taken task from Infosys internal projects portal. This project involves development of an MVC application which:
· This application will give you full idea of agency details and their growth in every quarter
· Performed CRUD operations with Actions and Views.

	Role: 

	· Worked on minor enhancements within given estimates and time.
· Creation of Impact Analysis Document and Detailed Level Design Document.
· Development and Unit Testing of the features post development.
· Responsible for the deployment of the executables to the desired environments/servers.




	Personal Details: 

	Father’s Name
	Md Rashid

	Present Address
	Singapore Township, Hyderabad

	Date of Birth
	24th March 1994

	Gender
	Male

	Language
	English, Hindi

	Nationality
	Indian



Declaration:
I hereby declare that above mentioned particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
