Feng Ma

** **** ***** *****,
Milpitas, CA ****5
Phone: 408-***-****
Email: ace5so@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

A self-motivated software engineer with several year industrial and
commercial software experience, is looking for a challenging position in
which the contributions will be made with strong computer skills, analytic,
quick learning and problem solving abilities, experience and knowledge of
math and physics.

RECENT WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior software/algorithm engineer
KLA-Tencor
1 Technology Drive,
Milpitas, CA 95035 03/2004 ~
current
. As a major contributor worked on industry leading semiconductor
metrology (spectroscopic) testing and measurement tool's
software/algorithm architecture design and implementation. The job
responsibilities covered every part of the software/algorithm that
defined common nature of various subsystems, handled subsystems
separately in terms of operation principles and application
categories and involved mathematical models and solutions including
signal processing/analysis, parameter extraction and optimization.
Dealing with sophisticated electronics and optics systems, the
software and algorithm solved problems of semiconductor
manufacturing, measurement statistics and electromagnetic
computations with analytic and numerical techniques. The software
and algorithm included generic techniques such as search, sort,
regression and recursion.
. Extensively worked in each cycle of software development: defined
feature specifications by collaborating with marketing, application
and hardware engineers, system engineers, software engineers and
customers, derived requirements of software from
feature/functionality requirements, designed, implemented/coded
many large-scale projects in C/C++, wrote over 100,000 lines code,
tested/debugged, evaluated, documented and demonstrated the
software and algorithms.
. Within time deadline and budget limit, independently or as a major
team player worked on new metrology tool development and existing
tool upgrade, maintenance and support including developed new
software/algorithm to provide data acquisition, system
configurations, calibrations, recipe setup, simulation, data
processing, system modeling, result calculation, optimization, data
analysis and user interface.
. Defined and implemented various data structures representing
various parts and procedures of testing tools and related
algorithms with object-oriented methods.
. Collaborating with application engineers and customers, developed
different dispersion models representing semiconductor material
characteristics and incorporated the models into system to perform
further calculations and measurements.
. Designed, implemented TCP/IP protocol program to communicate
between computer and firmware (FPGA) board providing test APIs and
socket interfaces to perform data acquisition, system
configuration, diagnostics, hardware control and operation and
information display.
. Developed offline simulation and optimization software: designed
and implemented the data structures of subsystems, designed and
implemented user interface including GUI and scripting to perform
data loading, system simulation and optimization, recipe and
calibration editing, result analysis and display. As an example,
independently developed an offline calibration editor that allowed
users to edit all the calibrations and load them on-tool.
. Provided supports to other groups such as marketing, application,
hardware and systems.
. Provided supports to customers developing special features
requested and providing fix to defects of software.

OTHER RELATED WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff scientist/developer/senior application engineer
RSoft Design Group, Inc (Now, part of Synopsys)
400 Executive Blvd.,
Ossining, NY 10562 10/1999 ~
01/04
. Independently or as a team player developed large-scale industry
leading opto-electronic system modeling tool. This tool dealt with
a combination of analog/binary, electrical and optical signals and
presented analysis results as signals in time-domain, spectra and
eye-diagrams.
. Independently developed models to perform electro-optical
system/link simulations. Models included non-linear,
time/frequency varying optical amplifier, fiber Bragg grating, S
and coupled S blocks, polarization transformer, arrayed waveguide
(router) and optical/custom filter with various algorithms. EXEs
and DLLs were generated.
. Independently or as a major team player worked on the architecture
design and implementation of the modeling software. Developed
requirements, software component design, and various algorithms for
these components. Defined data structure and signal/noise
representation formats. Extracted the complex mathematical models
for system blocks according to their physical nature.
. Developed library functions and classes for the overall system
tool. Conducted extensive programming work in C/C++ for various
large modules.
. Extensively tested the models developed and validated the models
with carefully designed plans. Tested product releases and newly
developed software. Authored sections of manuals and user
documentation. Worked with vendors to set up the component
libraries.
. Coordinated with GUI developer in support of the software package.
Integrated models developed by engineers into system. Maintained
tools and utilities.
. Supported customers with special requirements and fixed defects.
. Cooperated with other parties to conduct government sponsored
research projects. Worked with other parties to share data format
and make the tool smoothly connect and communicate with other
commercial software and testing tools.
. As applications, performed simulation of multi-channel systems,
component and system modeling and optimization. Supported/trained
customers and assisted application/sales engineers to use or sell
the tool. Attended trade shows to demonstrate customers the
products.

Research engineer / lecturer
Department of Electrical Engineering,
Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics,
Nanjing, China
. During the time between Master degree education in China and PhD
education in Canada, pursued teaching and research work in this
Chinese university on signal processing, RF/microwave,
object/pattern recognition, antenna, electromagnetic scattering
modeling and testing.

EDUCATION

PhD, Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering,
9/94~10/99
University of New Brunswick, Canada
Major: Microwave Minor: Communication/signal processing

MSEE, BSEE, Department of Electrical Engineering,
Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics,
Nanjing, China

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE

C/C++, C#, MATLAB, Python, XML, MFC, STL, Boost, Windows, Unix
Numerical techniques: FD-TD, Method of Moment, FEM, RCWA
Math including: computational geometry, statistics, probability theory
and stochastic process, matrix. Physics, semiconductor, communication
systems including satellite communication systems, signal processing
including DSP, electromagnetics, microwave/RF (component, system and
test equipments), electro-optical components and systems, antenna/RCS
and their measurement in anechoic chamber and field, radar system,
data processing and analysis, object/pattern recognition, image
processing, semiconductor manufacturing equipment including metrology
tools, heat transfer and thermal analysis.
Contact this candidate