Henry Albertson
Objectives *** Maple Lane, Spring Mills, PA 16875
814-***-****
To apply and improve data analysis, machine learning, and
acec8w@r.postjobfree.com
data mining knowledge in a research or analysis career.
https://www.linkedin.com/in/hlalbertson

Work Experience
Education
May 2013 - August 2013
Data Team Intern Bachelor of Science
Physics
Analytical Flavor Systems
Mathematics minor
Worked as member of a close-knit team working 70-80 Pennsylvania State University at University Park, PA
hours/week. Applied coding skills to write R scripts to Graduated May 2013
produce a statistical quality control engine for artisan con-
sumable products. These scripts are currently in use as
Skills
the back-end in the closed beta for the company’s ﬂagship
product. Used statistics and machine learning to identify
Programming C/C++ with GSL, LTEX,
A
primary ﬂavor predictors in roasted coﬀees. Used same skills
Languages Mathematica, MATLAB,
to build experimental case study model of ﬂavor attributes
R Statistics Language
and quality for India Pale Ale beers. Worked with Amazon Web
Service rented systems for computation as needed. Performed
Tools Microsoft Oﬃce, Visual Studio IDE,
literary reviews with other team members to determine best
Weka Data Mining Toolkit, LabVIEW
practices. Maintained & updated databases, organized paper
copies of data, aided in travel planning.
Certiﬁcations A+, NET+
Relevant Coursework
2006-present
A+ & Net+ Certiﬁed Technician
Physics • Quantum Mechanics (I and II)
Self-employed • Electrodynamics
• Electronics
Diagnosed and corrected problems with computers and
• Statistical Mechanics
networks. Selected and install parts to computers & networks
for upgrade or initial installation as needed. Explained what
Math • Ordinary and Partial Diﬀerential Equations
procedures were being done and why. Trained users in
• Advanced Calculus for Scientists & Engineers
software or general OS procedures.

Other • C++ and MATLAB for Scientists & Engineers
August 2009 - May 2013
• Computational Astrophysics
Student Worker
• Technical Writing
Penn State Housing and Food Services - Findlay
Commons
Major Projects
Worked as member of large team to satisfy customer needs.
Direct customer interaction as well as assorted help work. Galactic Dynamics
Lifted and carried up to 80 lbs.
Computational Astrophysics
For ﬁnal project of Computational Astrophysics course,
Volunteer Work and Other Activities simulated interaction of two galaxies with aid of Penn
Aug 2011 - Aug 2013 State’s Lion-X supercomputing clusters. Of interest
was variation of relative angle of central axes and
Society of Physics Students
number of star forming regions formed in the result-
Joined the club in 2011. Involved in community outreach
ing merged galaxy.
such as teaching underprivileged youth about physics near
Baltimore, annual Parents & Families Weekend magic show,
Statistical Back-End
Exploration Day, aid underclassmen with introductory course-
Analytical Flavor Systems
work as needed. Occasionally consulted with professors with
ideas & course feedback. Coded the statistical back-end for Analytical Flavor Sys-
tems’ ﬂagship product, Gastrograph, to make visual
representations of a number of attributes as per user
input.
Contact this candidate