Competent engineering professional that loves taking on new challenges and thrives at creating unexpected solutions. Highly emotional intelligent team player with strong problem solving skills and the ability to deliver results in high pressure scenarios.
M.Eng in Mechanical Engineering.
Registered EIT Member
Work Hazardous Materials Information System (WHMIS) Familiar with Lean, 6 sigma and Kanban systems of manufacturing. Knowledge and implementation of 5S.
Proficient use of the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system. Kelvin Narkah
Profile
Qualifications
Technical Strengths
AutoCad Solid Works Matlab Microsoft Office Suite
Skills
Technical Report Writing
Calibration/Measuring
Research and Analysis
Basic Industrial equipment application
Reading blueprints
Operating power tools/equipment
Hard Skills
Communication
Russian language (Intermediate)
Problem Solving
Attention to detail
Integrity
Desire to learn
Soft Skills
Stress Analysis
Leading the company's SR&ED program to double production by automating some production processes while deploying ways to maximize current equipment output. Assisting with planning workflow and setting up plant layout to maximize productivity. Preparing proposals and documentation for project funding, writing automation status reports as well as assisting with SR&ED Claims. Conducted tests and analyses on product drying system to cut down drying time by 15% with the help of recommended specialists by the NRC. Partnering with operations manager to assess current processes, identify process improvement opportunities and establish best practices. Analyzing and reworking existing utilization processes to reduce waste by 20% thereby reducing costs in the past year.
E&M Burgess Ent.
Ltd.
Windsor, Canada
Industrial Engineer 03/2022 - present
Experience
ad00pe@r.postjobfree.com 613-***-**** https://www.linkedin.com/in/kelvinnarkah Performing all duties required in dismantling, repairing, rebuilding, installing components such as bogies, calipers, rotors, wheels and train onboard systems. Assisted industrial engineer in redesigning shop floor layout for new retrofit train wheel assembly program.
Reviewed schematics and micro process documents to validate its usability for assembling tasks.
Rewiring/rerouting electrical wires for the new Unmanned Train Operation(UTO) according to document specifications.
Actively participating in risk assessment, continuous improvement and lean manufacturing practices as a team lead.
Alstom
Ottawa, Canada
Electromechanical Technician 07/2020 - 03/2022
Assisted in performance inspections on gas turbine component installations and performed basic routine maintenance procedures on gas pipelines Applied Non-destructive testing methods like Visual inspection, electromagnetic testing(eddy current) to identify cracks and defects of mechanical components as well as to inspect and evaluate it’s chemical properties Took readings and measurements using calibrating devices like calipers and micrometers for observation and analysis
Developed and presented technical documents regarding project activities and results from tests and examinations at the end of internship program. Boyarka Natural
Gas Distribution
Station
Boyarka-Kiev,
Ukraine
Maintenance Engineer Intern 07/2014 - 04/2015
Managed and reported inventory levels by monitoring, evaluating and processing damaged products like interior decorating materials(POP's) and other building materials.
Assisted in identifying reasonable prices for goods based on proposal analyses and financial reports.
Supported company's operational requirements with cost-effective, reliable supply deliveries to various construction sites.
Maintained thorough digital records of purchased items, costs and product performance.
Elegant Homes
Tema-Accra, Ghana
Sales Representative & Purchasing agent 01/2010 - 11/2010 Education
National Aviation University
Kiev, Ukraine
Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering
(Power Plant Engineering)
09/2011 - 07/2015
University of Ottawa
Ottawa, Canada
Masters of Mechanical Engineering 09/2016 - 06/2018 Applied Projects
Analyzing and redesigning the DN-80 prototype gas turbine engine to be used for terrestrial purposes focusing on enhancing its oil/lubrication system. Calculated thermodynamic and gas dynamic parameters of the prototype engine. National Aviation University
Kiev, Ukraine
Improving the Oil/Lubrication system of a Gas Turbine Engine (GTE) to drive a natural gas supercharger.
University of Ottawa
Ottawa, Canada
Fracture Mechanic Analyses of Gears
Organized and led the team to perform the analysis in determining design effects and different concentration factors for gears.
Evaluated potential defects and identified non-destructing testing methods for detecting these defects.
Hobbies
Playing soccer Travelling Cycling Playing Musical Instruments Volunteering
Music Department Operations Lead
Organizing Secretary
MyChurch Canada, Ottawa-Canada
National Union of Ghanaian Students, Kiev-Ukraine
Contact this candidate