Mo Metwally B.Sc. Civil Engineering, PMP
Toronto, ON 905-***-**** ad035k@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

Civil Engineer with 15 years of work experience and a bachelor’s degree in civil engineering.
Adept at overseeing all project phases, from initiation to closure, while managing resources, risks, and stakeholder expectations effectively. Strong leadership and communication skills, with the ability to lead cross-functional teams, foster collaboration, and navigate challenges to achieve project goals.

KEY SKILLS

● Microsoft Office Package.
● Strong Independent Worker.
● Microsoft Project (MS Project).
● Time Management & Multitasking Abilities.
● Autodesk AutoCAD.
● Coordination & Liaison.
● Bluebeam, Procore.
● Excellent Interpersonal & Communication Skills.
● Teamwork & Leadership.
● Quick & Enthusiastic Learner.
● Survey Equipment & software.
● Staff Management.
● Shop Drawings, Quantity surveyor.
● Procurement & Logistics.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Construction Project Coordinator PULLMAN, Oakville, ON 2022 – 2023

Collaborated with the Project Manager and clients to identify project requirements and scope of work.
Coordinated estimate preparation and approval for forwarding to clients.
Liaised and negotiated with clients to address concerns and queries.
Managed suppliers, vendors, and sub-trades to ensure timely project delivery.
Analyzed profit-loss reports, identified budgeted cost overruns, and proposed solutions.
Maintained an open dialogue with project team, including clients, subcontractors, and other stakeholders to ensure effective coordination of construction activities.
Identified, developed, and executed project changes, including requests for information (RFI), site instructions (SI), change directives (CD), and change orders (CO’s).

Project Manager Agility Engineering Contractors, UAE 2020 – 2022

The project is a $70M contract for the link between east and west of Baniyas consisting of 3 bridges in the middle of a live highway and about 20KM of improving roads will all infrastructures networks protection and newly added, Responsibilities include:
In-depth knowledge of highway construction techniques, materials, and equipment used in road infrastructure projects.
Proficiency in developing comprehensive project plans, including scheduling, resource allocation, and budgeting.
Ability to interpret and work with road design plans, blueprints, and engineering drawings.
Manage project accounting, billings, and receivables. This includes project billing, contractor payment certificates, purchase order billings, and client invoices.
Implemented concise project direction, leadership, and support.
Directly supervise project coordinators, administrators, superintendents, and field staff.
Effectively communicate project plans, including overarching objectives and individual responsibilities to the project team.
Made essential administrative decisions regarding procurement, logistics, and removal of unauthorized constructions.
Examined technical drawings and provided instructions to field technical staff.
Monitored construction work and financial progress according to the work program.

Project Manager Ghantoot Road Contractor, UAE 2013 – 2020

Projects:
Various Improvements & Implementing Quick Wins - R977 Budget: $32M 2013 – 2015.
Jebel Ali Hills Roads & Infrastructure Package 4. Budget: $53M 2015 – 2017.
Meydan One Project with Aecom as a consultant. Budget: $148M 2017 – 2020.
Responsibilities:
Proficient in project management methodologies, including planning, scheduling, budgeting, risk assessment, and monitoring progress.
Submitted project proposals to the Ministry of Highways for evaluation.
Conducted quality inspections and addressed any issues promptly.
Responsible for submitting shop drawings related to all infrastructure networks such as drainage, sewerage, potable water, electricity.
Responsible for calculating and submitting the road setting out, civil grading, road furniture.

Projects Civil Engineer Saudi Oger Contracting Company, Saudi Arabia 2011 – 2013

The project King Abdullah Project (KAP01) for development of MOI security facilities with budget of $2.5B, 305 Security Facilities throughout the kingdom, worked for the following projects:
Civil Defense Squad. (Budget $3M). ● Traffic Section. (Budget $11M).
Administrative Building – E. (Budget $7M). ● Forensics Laboratory - Type B. (Budget $23M).
Responsibilities:
Reviewing Project Drawings and arranging all necessary Shops, RFI, RFA for consultant approvals.
Strong organizational skills to manage resources, schedules, and logistics effectively.
Managed project timelines, meeting deadlines, and ensured efficient resource allocation.
Estimated project costs for budgeting and bidding on projects.

Technical Office Engineer Alnaboodah Contracting Company, UAE 2008 - 2010

Worked on Alsoutoh Light Rail Transit (LRT), the project budget is $900M.
Responsible for checking and redesigning different networks such as storm water drainage, sewerage networks along with other infrastructure networks to avoid any possible clashes.
Responsible for Submit all the Shop Drawings, Materials, and Work Notification.
Bar Bending Schedule for all structures shop drawings (Draw using AutoCAD & Calculation) for 24 Bridges.

EDUCATION
Project Management Professional (PMP) 2023
University of Toronto, ON.
Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering 2007
Alexandria University, Egypt.
Contact this candidate