Prasenjit Naskar, PMP Groton, MA, USA
781-***-****
ad0390@r.postjobfree.com
An experienced technology leader with solid experience in driving portfolio and project success through innovation, providing technology leadership, process improvements, and solid delivery methodologies with a proven track record for improving productivity, increasing revenues, and leading technology teams who build and support a variety of applications. EXPERIENCE
Qualtrics, Remote, USA — Staff Software Engineer (Tech Lead) February 2022 - PRESENT
Leading an 8-member engineering team, overseeing REST API and async communication based microservices development and testing for the XM Discover data ingestion and processing pipeline.
Provide technical leadership, mentorship, and guidance to development teams, drive architectural decisions, code reviews, and best practices, and tackle complex technical challenges.
Spearheaded design, development, and delivery of complex cross-team project deliveries, resulting in the establishment of a multi-million dollar revenue stream and increased customer adoption.
Demonstrated leadership as a humble servant committed to fostering team growth by cultivating an environment of trust, accountability, and ownership. Celebrating achievements and leveraging lessons from setbacks for continuous improvement. Played a pivotal role in onboarding and mentoring both junior and senior engineers, both within and outside the team.
Demonstrated a strong ability to shape and advance product and engineering roadmaps by collaborating closely with engineering and product management leaders. Tech stack: Golang, Protobuf, RabbitMQ, Java, AWS, Kubernetes, Helm charts, Postgres, Elasticsearch, Makefile, Docker, Prometheus, Splunk. Salesforce.com, Burlington, MA — Senior Member of Tech Staff / Manager June 2014 - February 2022
Orchestrated the team's technical growth and professional development, managed project delivery, and promoted a collaborative and innovative engineering culture, while actively participating in the hiring, onboarding, and coaching of top talent. Successfully developed a Payment integration system for Salesforce Commerce, catering to both the merchant and shopper personas, integrating Stripe and Paypal payment systems through 3rd party APIs.
Drove significant agile transformation in the team to gain effectiveness and efficacy. This includes leading all agile ceremonies, and leading the team for high-caliber performance. Established best practices and models to enable the team for the successful and sustainable delivery of high-quality software.
Ensured full compliance with Trust and Security.
Lead software design and implementation of all aspects of API Microservices ecosystem for Salesforce’s Commerce Platform on domains of Pricing, Promotions, and most recently on the Salesforce Payments platform.
SKILLS
Leadership
Management
Agile & Scrum
Microservice
Telemetry
Distributed Systems
Automation
Java
Spring
Go
AWS
Kubernetes
Mulesoft
Angular
Docker
Web Technologies
Oracle
PostGreS
SQL Server
NoSQL
Jenkins
CI/CD
Git
LANGUAGES
English
Bengali
Hindi
Lead test framework design, implementation, and adoption of API testing, performance, and load testing, including custom automation tools development such as grammar-based automatic data generator and others.
Implemented and rolled out CI/CD pipelines in Jenkins for the API Microservices, including support for different testing types and notifications via Slack. Implemented application/service metrics and monitoring using Mulesoft, Grafana, and AppDynamics.
Tech stack: AWS, Mulesoft, Java 8, Spring, Oracle, Junit 4, Rest Assured, Angular, ReduxJS, NgRx, HTML, CSS, Grafana, Maven, Serenity BDD, Mockito, Jenkins, Bash, Git. Charles River Development, Burlington, MA — Senior Automation Engineer August 2013 - June 2014
Developed and tested portfolio analysis software for Charles River Manager Workbench
(Portfolio Management & Scenario Analysis application). Tech stack: .NET 4.0, C#, SQL Server, SilkTest.
Vistaprint USA, Lexington, MA — Lead QA Engineer (Automation) June 2010 - August 2013
Lead, designed, developed, and maintained a solid portfolio of testing and automation suite including but not limited to end-to-end automation, custom automated tools (both execution and reporting) for enhanced and easy testing and development experiences, and a fully functional custom UI-based test harness system.
Lead multiple development teams of size 2-3 QA developers. Delivered training and mentored 6-8 QA engineers.
Coordinated with distributed developers and cross-teams in worldwide manufacturing plants to understand, define, and refine test and integration architecture and processes. Tech stack: .NET 4.0, C#, WPF, SQL Server, SOAP Services. Stellar Corporation, Lexington, MA — Lead Software Developer August 2005 - June 2010
Designed, led, and developed multiple web-based enterprise applications for the state of MA serving various purposes, including a11y implementation conforming to Section 508 standards. Lead 2 distributed teams of 6 developers and QA engineers - onshore and offshore. Tech stack: ASP.NET 1.1/2.0, C#, Oracle, Crystal Reports, Accessibility Standards. Southern Illinois University Carbondale, Carbondale, IL — Graduate Teaching Assistant
August 2003 - August 2005
Tutored students, graded lab and homework assignments, conducted tutorials and classroom sessions while pursuing the graduate program on full scholarship. Courses tutored: Programming with data structures (using Java), Advanced data structures, Computer graphics, Advanced computer networks.
Nopany Institute of Management Studies, Kolkata, India — Lecturer August 2002 - July 2003
Taught semester-long CS courses to undergraduate students in Computer Science over two semesters.
Courses taught: Introduction to programming, Digital electronics, Computer architecture, Computer programming (using C).
ADP Wilco, Hyderabad, India — Software Engineer
July 2000 - December 2001
Developed financial software for Global Trade Settlement portfolio. Tech stack: Java, Swing, J2EE, JBoss, Web Logic, XML, Sybase. EDUCATION
Southern Illinois University-Carbondale, Carbondale, IL, USA MS in Computer Science
Jadavpur University, Kolkata, India
BS in Computer Science and Engineering
PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION
Project Management Professional (PMP) - PMI, USA since June 2010 WORK STATUS IN USA
Green Card holder (Permanent Resident) - no visa sponsorship required
Contact this candidate