ROBERT OLINGER
Canton, MI ***** 734-***-**** ad06ne@r.postjobfree.com
ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL
Highly effective hands-on leader with over thirty years of operations and engineering management experience. Outstanding track record as Engineering Manager, developing and optimizing processes, and driving innovation to achieve business objectives. Skilled in advanced methods of manufacturing from prototype (one to 25 parts per run) through ultra-high volume production (10+ million EAU). Proven success building and coaching high-performing teams, and applying appropriate engineering and management techniques to yield world-class performance.
• Precision Machining • Lean Manufacturing • Employee Development
• High Speed Machining • Theory of Constraints • Team Building
• Just-in-Time Production • Estimating & Quoting • Product Launch
• Single Minute Exchange of Die • Sheet Metal and Fabrication • Program Management
• Process Design & Improvement • Cost Reduction & Avoidance • Problem Solving
• Design for Manufacturability • Capital Equipment Justification • Statistical Techniques PROFESSIONAL WORK HISTORY
MACLEAN-FOGG (previously Master Automatic, Inc), Plymouth, MI (April 2023 - Sept 2023) High-precision machining and custom assembly for Ford, Stellantis, Honda, Nexteer & others. Engineering Manager
Managed a team of engineers across multiple departments in two manufacturing plants, effectively coordinating projects and support to ensure smooth plant operations.
Collaborated with the Quality Department on all customer concerns by leading root cause analysis, implementing corrective actions, and monitoring effectiveness of the solutions.
Invested in the professional development of team members through training programs and cross-functional skill-building opportunities to significantly reduce reliance on outside services. GIL-MAR MANUFACTURING CO, Livonia, MI (June 2020 - April 2023) Automotive and Military Supplier to the US Government, Ford, Stellantis, ContiTech, Rivian, and others. Plant Manager, Program Manager
Managed the largest expansion in company history, launching a $35.5 million program with 26 complex aluminum machined parts and production of 6.7 million components annually.
Coordinated the selection and installation of all capital equipment and automation necessary to support the comprehensive expansion.
Transitioned to the role of Plant Manager when all of the program objectives were met.
Successfully launched and ramped up production following the expansion. BURGAFLEX NORTH AMERICA, Fenton, MI (January 2020 - May 2020) Global Supplier of Hose and Tube Assemblies for Freightliner, Paccar, Mack (Volvo), John Deere, and others. Director of Engineering
Developed an aggressive plan for implementing process improvements across three manufacturing plants, including the introduction of flexible automation and internalizing the production of previously outsourced machined parts.
Guaranteed alignment of engineering functions with high-level corporate objectives.
Initiated cross-training programs to address skill deficiencies and boost overall team effectiveness.
ROBERT OLINGER - Page 2
MILTON MANUFACTURING, INC. Detroit, MI (February 2015 - November 2019) Systems Integration, Fabrication, CNC Machining, and Direct Engineering Support for the US Army, US State Department, Navistar Defense, General Dynamics, Pratt & Whitney, Parker Hannifin & others. Engineering Manager
Managed all aspects of the Engineering Department, including Product Design, Process Engineering, New Product Development, Bills of Materials, and Estimating/Quoting.
Led reverse-engineering and improvement efforts on multiple projects, leading to intellectual property ownership of dramatically improved designs when compared to legacy products.
Led all new product development activities from idea/concept, though design, quoting, prototyping, process development, tooling development, and production readiness.
Created and executed capital expenditure proposals for advanced manufacturing equipment and software as required to create or maintain a competitive advantage.
Supported the Sales Department with customer visits, development of design concepts and proposals, and technical reviews as required.
MASTER AUTOMATIC, INCORPORATED, Plymouth, MI (2005-2015) High-precision machining and custom assembly for Ford, General Motors, Chrysler, Honda, TRW & others. Plant Manager (2005 - 2013), Materials Manager (2013 - 2015)
Managed all aspects of production for a three-shift, 250+ associate CNC Machining, Multi- spindle Screw Machine & Assembly plant. Responsible for all phases of personnel management, including requirements analysis, hiring, discipline, motivation, and training.
Managed a 50% downsizing (temporary & permanent layoffs) due to the severe automotive slowdown in 2008/2009. Retained nearly all skilled labor in spite of wage reductions during this timeframe. Interviewed, hired, and trained staff as growth resumed after the downturn.
Created open capacity on manufacturing equipment through the creation of job families and setup time reduction techniques, enabling aggressive quoting on new business.
Responsible for implementation of Plex Online (cloud-based ERP system) to manage forecasts and releases, purchasing, production schedules, inventory, and customer shipments.
Reduced overall work-in-process and finished goods inventory by over 30%.
Improved on-time delivery rating to 100% for all major customers. A. BERGER INC., USA, Spartanburg, SC (2003-2005)
High-precision machined parts manufacturer supplying Bosch, Borg Warner, Honeywell, Delphi, & others. Plant Manager
Full responsibility for P&L, Engineering, Quotations, Sales and Marketing, Customer Relations, Purchasing, Planning and Scheduling, Shipping, Human Resources, Safety, and Maintenance.
Following two consecutive years of operating losses, turned around profitability to break-even during my first year and an operating profit of 15% in year two. Based on business launched in year two, projections for the following year were an operating profit in excess of 20%.
Launched business with four new customers, representing a 30% increase in customer base.
Reduced finished goods inventory by 40% while increasing on-time delivery to over 95%.
Redesigned plant layout for improved product flow, recovering 50% of floor space for growth.
Reduced operating expenses through top-to-bottom vendor review & competitive bidding, contract negotiation, and consolidation.
ROBERT OLINGER - Page 3
HOKE INCORPORATED (division of Circor International), Spartanburg, SC (1992-2003) Exotic alloy and stainless steel valves, fittings, and regulators for the US Navy, NASA, Dow, Dupont, and others. Manufacturing Manager (1997-2003)
Managed the production of a three-shift Screw Machine and CNC machine shop, with five direct reports supervising over 150 hourly employees.
Coordinated work and overtime schedules as needed to meet customer demands.
Interviewed, hired, trained, and motivated employees.
Managed growth from 80 to over 150 employees over a four-year period.
Responsible for justification of all new capital equipment as the company expanded. Manager of CNC Machining (1993-1997)
Responsible for the turn-around of an under-performing CNC department, directly preventing the equipment and jobs from being transferred to another facility in New Jersey.
Managed the growth of the CNC department from 3 employees & 5 machines to 18 employees and 13 machines. Under my continued direction as Manufacturing Manager, this department sustained additional growth to 46 machines and 54 employees across 3 shifts. Corporate Manufacturing Engineer (1992-1993)
Responsible for documentation of all manufacturing processes for the company's first ever ISO 9002 certification. Led the senior management team through successful certification. DANAHER CORPORATION (Easco Hand Tools Division), Gastonia, NC (1991-1992) Hand-Tool manufacturer supplying Sears (Craftsman brand), NAPA, Western Auto, and others. Senior Manufacturing Engineer
Fully restructured the cutter grind/tool room by adding CNC machinery which enabled 100% of the company's perishable tooling to be made internally, saving over $300K per year.
Designed an automated lathe loading/unloading system with a throughput of 2,000 parts per hour. It was integrated into 15 machines which produced over 400,000 parts per day. ROCKWELL INTERNATIONAL (On-Highway Products Division), New Castle, PA (1987-1991) Manufacturer of Steering and Drive Axles for General Motors, Ford, Freightliner, Volvo, and others. Manufacturing Engineer/Lead CNC Programmer (1989-1991)
Responsible for all CNC programming, tooling, and related engineering support on 46 machining centers and lathes (representing a capital investment of over $20 million) in the launch of new product lines for Ford and GM.
Wrote and implemented interactive software for CNC machining centers that simplified setups and adjustments with prompts similar to those on cash ATM machines.
• Designed and implemented programs for safe unattended operation of 16 machining centers, yielding three full shifts of production staffed by only two.
Created a CNC training program & personally conducted it from entry-level through technician. Tool Design Engineer (1987-1988)
EDUCATION
GROVE CITY COLLEGE, Grove City, PA
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering, 1987
Contact this candidate