ARSHIA GHASEMI, B.ENG., M.ENG.
Thornhill, Canada L3T1B6 +1 (437) 770-400 ad0kqz@r.postjobfree.com M.ENG: Civil Engineering, 06/2023
University of Toronto - Toronto, ON
Specialization: Construction Management Building Science, (CGPA 3.64/4) B.ENG: Civil Engineering, 04/2022
Toronto Metropolitan University - Toronto, ON
Specialization: Structural Engineering
Dean's List: 2019-2020, 2021-2022
Entrepreneur, 03/2020 - Current
Markif International Wholesale Company – Toronto, Ontario Import, process, market, and handle high-volume orders. Build business relationships with manufacturers and suppliers in China and Middle East. Devised processes to boost long-term business success and increase profit levels. Project Coordinator / Administrator & Assistant Site Supervisor, 03/2022 - 05/2023 Arco Construction Inc. – Toronto, Ontario
To verify the location of major structural elements and to examine other important components, attended frequent site visits with supervisors.
Worked extensively on buildings with stone masonry and the construction of concrete/steel structures compliant with both industry and municipal standards. Presented details and finishes of interior and exteriors of a project, through visual presentations, to assist with the creation of proposals for clients.
Prepared meeting agendas and minutes for distribution and record keeping to assist the Project Manager. Developing scope of work as per project drawings and specifications. Administrative Assistant, 01/2016 - 07/2017
Persian AZ Teb Biomedical Engineering Company
Offering excellent customer service to internal employees when assisting with filing, supply, and mail needs.
Restocked supplies and placed purchase orders to maintain adequate stock levels. EDUCATION
WORK EXPERIENCE
Volunteer, 03/2019 - Current
Hakids, Non-profit Charity – Toronto, ON
400+ hours of experience in HAKids marketing team. Preparing, organizing, and facilitating events and holding orientations with new volunteers. Improved social, communication, and teamwork skills while working with diverse individuals in challenging situations.
CAD software's: AutoCAD and Revit
Structural Loading Design Software: ETABS,
Staad Pro and SAFE.
LCA Software's: OpenLCA and Ecoinvent
Programming Languages: Basic skills in
MATLAB as well as C.
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite: Microsoft
Excel, Word, PowerPoint.
Proficient in Adobe Acrobat Pro.
Experienced in Chapter 4: Structural Design of the National Building Code of Canada (NBCC), the
Handbook of Steel Construction (CISC), and the
Concrete Design Handbook (CSA A23.3-14).
Bilingual: Fluent in English and Farsi.
Strong Leadership, Management, and Team Player
Strong Communication Skills
Fast learner
Final Project for Sustainable Buildings, 01/2023 – 04/2023 Conducted virtual energy simulation and Indoor Air Quality (IAQ) assessment for a single-family detached house in Toronto.
Implemented three LEED Credits and IAQ Strategies to enhance sustainability for potential major renovations.
Capstone Building Design Project for LEA Consulting Ltd, 09/2021 – 04/2022 Designed a two-storey GTA arena addition located in Markham, Ontario. Created a complete design for two preliminary alternatives and a project schedule to guarantee that the project can be executed with an efficient budget and time frame. Performed several main design elements such as cantilevered running track, long-span roof, load analysis, as well as the final design for beams, columns, roof truss, connections, foundations, and lateral system. Collaborated with LEA Consulting Ltd.'s project manager, David M. Gerhardt, for project coordination. Kerr Hall Retrofit Design Project, 09/2019 – 12/2019 Planned the renovation of TMU's Kerr Hall building, focusing on window, lighting, and HVAC improvements.
Targeted carbon emissions reduction to meet environmental standards. Church & Gerrard Intersection Design, 01/2019 – 04/2019 Used surveying and the AutoCAD software to create a precise depiction of the intersection. Created, revised, and optimized the design of the intersection, utilizing the AutoCAD software by drawing and editing digital 2D and 3D designs, including detailed measurement information and layout of the intersection.
SKILLS
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Contact this candidate