Calvin R. Southwick
ad0phb@r.postjobfree.com 406-***-**** Billings, MT

Professional Experience:

**** – Oct 2023, COP Construction LLC, Billings MT
Equipment/Maintenance Manager: Manage all aspects of mobile equipment for construction of underground utilities, water plant construction and oil refineries civil maintenance and construction: Which will include, purchases, sale, maintenance of fleet, fueling on all jobs sites, transport of equipment, rental equipment and maintain office, shop, warehouse and yard facilities in MT and UT.

QA/QC Manager: Manage and develop quality control measures, Welding, Mechanical and Civil. Writing and developing of QC Manuals Manage welding procedures and welder qualifications. Assist with hiring of skilled craftsman. Assist with business development

August 2012 to 2014, Western Sugar Cooperative, Billings MT
Maintenance/Engineering Manager: Manage maintenance department of 80 employees during maintenance downtime and 200 during processing campaign. Department reports included Mechanical maintenance, machinist, electrical, instrumentation and automation, mobile maintenance, planning/reliability, plant engineering, boiler house operation and warehousing & purchasing.
Plant processes 750,000 tons of beets per campaign cycle.
Write and manage all capital projects at the Billings and Lovell facilities.
Responsible for all department personnel issues, schedules, hiring, training, disciplinary, communications and performance appraisals.
Responsible for plant maintenance budget ($2M), cost control, downtimes ($2M) (plant maintenance & contract maintenance).
Manage failure analysis program to reduce repeat and unscheduled downtime of equipment during processing.
Assist and train maintenance salaried and hourly employees with their defined tasks, Maintain a good and safe work environment, minimize conflicts, and promote team building.
Ensure proper parts are purchased and installed correctly in a timely and safe manner.
Radiation Safety Officer for Billings Facility.

2007 to 2012, Trans Field Services R&E, Billings MT
QA/QC Manager Rocky Mountain Region
Manage and develop quality control measures throughout the Rocky Mountain Region in the oil and gas, chemical and power generation industries. Manage and develop welding procedures and welder qualifications for all welding activities throughout the region. Weld rate/production, welding processes for different material, pressure vessel and boiler code work, NDE, PWHT, and other welding and mechanical activities. Hiring of skilled craftsman, welders, pipe-fitters CCC, mechanics, boilermakers, and equipment operators.

Project Management, turnaround projects, maintenance, and capital projects. Manage all aspect of projects, manpower, fiscal, quality, sub-contractors, and project completion/closeout.
Business development, meet with new and existing clients to build new business and maintain good working relationship. Estimator of project work from $1000 to 10MM projects.

March 2005 to Aug 2007
Maintenance General Foreman and Maintenance Engineer. Stillwater Mining Company, Nye, MT
Manage underground maintenance department of 88 mechanics, 5 planners, and 8 supervisors. Responsible for all administrative functions of the department (budgeting, manpower, parts, scheduling, training, and hiring). Manage all equipment rebuilds in-house or contracted based upon manpower, equipment, and operational needs. Responsible for mobile maintenance budget ($26M), cost control, equipment downtimes, project engineering, and failure analysis and pm program (newly implemented) to reduce repeat and unscheduled downtime of equipment. Manager of DPM program (Diesel emission reduction) for underground and surface mining equipment per EPA and MSHA standards. Responsible for writing, engineering and selection of maintenance and equipment related capital projects. Maintain relationship with vendors and Company for parts, labor and rebuilds.

Oct 2000 to Jan 2005, Mountain Cement Company, Laramie, WY
Maintenance/Engineering Manager: Manage maintenance department of 60 employees. Department reports included: Mechanical maintenance, electrical, instrumentation and automation, mobile maintenance, planning/reliability, plant engineering, and warehousing & purchasing. Plant is a two-kiln operation producing 750,000 tons per year of cement.

Responsible for all department personnel issues, schedules, hiring, training, disciplinary, communications and performance appraisals.
Responsible for plant maintenance budget ($9M), cost control, downtimes ($2M) (plant maintenance and contract maintenance), project engineering, and failure analysis program (newly implemented) to reduce repeat and unscheduled downtime of equipment.
Assist and train maintenance salaried and hourly employees with their defined tasks, P.M., scheduling, supervision, employee relations of direct report and other plant personnel.
Maintain a good and safe work environment, minimize conflicts, and promote team building.
Ensure proper parts are purchased and installed correctly in a timely and safe manner.
Maintained a current and properly stocked warehouse ($6.2M).

Jun 1999 to Oct 2000
FMC/Astaris, Kemmerer, WY
Assistant Maintenance Mgr./Project/Electrical Engineer: Assist Maintenance Manager with hiring, capital and plant budgeting, cost control, personnel issues, and other defined tasks. Manage and implement Mechanical Integrity program at Kemmerer facility Support PM/PDM personnel with training, implementation, and understanding of pm/pdm process.

Capital and project engineering: Investigate, engineer, plan, construct and install plant wide projects with plant personnel or outside contractors. Work directly with salaried and hourly maintenance group with short- and long-term maintenance issues. Investigation of equipment failures and take appropriate actions to eliminate or improve plant reliability. Development of new maintenance techniques, inspections, and training, which leads to plant improvement and lowers costs to operate.

Welding Engineering: Write welding procedures, electrode selection and purchasing, train and test welders, inspection of welds (destructive and non-destructive), and nondestructive testing of pressure vessels and storage tanks. Failure analysis of welds, shafts, and structural steel, determine cause of failures and make preventative measures to deter reoccurrence of failures.

Apr 1996 to May 1999
General Chemical (Soda Ash Partners), Green River, WY
Maintenance Supervisor: Supervise maintenance crew, which includes, Mechanical, Electrical, Welders, and Instrumentation personnel. Maintenance includes: Two processing plants, coal and natural gas boilers (powerhouse), crusher, rail and truck load-out facilities, pump-house, waste ponds, and building maintenance.
Surface Maintenance Engineer/Maintenance Planner: Project Engineering includes: equipment improvements, labor utilization, and cost improvements. Projects included design, contractor bidding, notification, and explanation of projects to union, overseeing construction and finalizing of payments. Other duties: Manager of oil analysis and vibration programs. Write and schedule work orders. Determine equipment needs before failure, plan and assign work. Maintain daily overtime records for 75 mechanics and heavy equipment personnel.

Welding Engineering: Write welding procedures, electrode selection and purchasing, train and test welders, inspection of welds (destructive and non-destructive), and non-destructive testing of pressure vessels and storage tanks. Failure analysis of welds, shafts, and structural steel, determine cause of failures and make preventative measures to deter reoccurrence of failures.
Shift Maintenance Supervisor: Supervise maintenance crews on relief basis.

Environmental Engineer: Maintain and up-grade all dust collection systems. Opacity monitoring of 28 sources on daily basis. Monitoring and testing of drinking water for turbidity, chlorine, and filtration. Shipments and storage of used oils and hazardous wastes. Submittal of State and Federal reports.

Aug. 93 to Dec. 95
Mine Maintenance Superintendent, Barrett’s Minerals Inc., Dillion, MT
In-charge of maintaining all mining equipment, daily and long-term scheduling of maintenance personnel, PM scheduling of equipment, planning, budgeting, maintain records (personnel and equipment), training welders, contracts with outside vendors, controlling and maintaining inventories, and handling mine and equipment purchases. Safety, brought all mine safety concerns to committee for discussion and resolution. Filled in as Production and Blasting Superintendent.

Sept. 92 to Aug. 93
Resident Engineer/Mining and Welding Engineer, Robert Peccia and Associates, Helena MT
Oversaw construction projects of abandoned mine reclamation and construction of water treatment plant for community of 40,000. Construction duties included, instruct contractors on daily duties, write daily and final reports, finalize payments, act as liaison between Department of State Lands, Contractors, and Landowners. Other duties included surveying and code interpretation.

PRE-DEGREED EXPERIENCE TO FINANCE EDUCATION:
Montana Dept. of Highway: May 92 to Aug. 92, April 89 and June 88 to December 88. Butte, MT
District Engineer: Worked on job sites though-out the Butte District: inspecting construction contractors, surveying, finalizing projects, sampling gravel pits, reclamation of job sites, blue topping, and pre-construction evaluation (determine roadway failure and recommend solutions). Inspection and testing include Marshall testing of asphalt, compaction testing of asphalt and sub-grades, concrete testing (slump, air, compression, and batching), gradation, and proctors.

Golden Sunlight Mines Inc.: Whitehall, MT May 91 to Sept 91 and May 90 to Nov 90
Mine and Mill Maintenance Spec. : Pump design, write welding procedures, welding fabrication, maintenance welding, mill repairs, lubrication, mill relines, crusher repairs and mantle changes. Welding on shovels, haul-trucks, dozers, drills. Mechanic and electrician’s helper.

Welding Services: Butte, MT Sept. 89 to Sept. 91
Welder: Welding and fabrication. Worked primarily on shovel and loader buckets for Golden Sunlight Mines.

Montana Resources: Butte, MT May 87 to Sept. 87
Mill and Crusher Maintenance Worker: Clean conveyor belts, unplug rock boxes on belts, cleanup underneath mill floor using bobcats. Primary Crusher Control Room: Crusher operator, direct trucks on dumping, monitor crusher, maintain oil to crusher and compute daily tonnage reports.

Education:
Montana College Mineral Science and Technology
BS Mining Engineering
BS Engineering – Mechanical and Welding Engineering
CWI – 1992 to current
Advisory Board MSU Billings COT 2009 to 2012

Code Work
ASME B31.1
NTL (Nuclear Testing) ASME section II
API 1104
NEC
CWI (Certified Welding Inspector cert#08030481)
AWS D1.1
ASME section VIII
AWS D1.3
Contact this candidate