JAY A. NABONG
Blk * Lot ** Birmingham Village
Brgy. PuloCabuyao City of Laguna
CELLPHONE: +639*********
E-mail add: ad0x4s@r.postjobfree.com
Position Applied: Engineering Maintenance Manager / Facilities Manager SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATION
3 Years Work Experience as Production Engineer assigned in FOL Section with seven (7) Manufacturing processes from Wafer Mounting Process, Dicing Cut Process, Chip Visual Inspection Process, Die Bonding Process or Die Attached Process, Wire Bonding Process, JCR Coating Process and JCR Curing Process at Fuji Electric Philippines Incorporated which is a Semiconductor Company manufacturing High Power Transistor, High Voltage Diode and Twin Stack Diode.
7 Years Work experience as Equipment Engineering Supervisor at Fuji Electric Philippines Incorporated which is responsible for monitoring, troubleshooting and repair of Equipment and take corrective action for equipment failures/breakdown to minimize production downtime.
1 Year Work Experience as Equipment Engineering Supervisor at Integrated Microelectronics Incorporated – EPSON Division which is an Electronic Industry manufacturing LCD of Cell Phones especially NOKIA and SONY Ericsson. I am responsible for monitoring, troubleshooting and repair of Equipment
5 Years Work Experience in Instrumentation or Calibration of Monitoring Measuring Devices use inside the production for quality verification of products.
1yr and 4 months Work Experience as Facilities Engineering Supervisor at Testech Philippines Corporation an Electronic Industry dealing with Inspection of Substrate and PCB. I am responsible for monitoring, troubleshooting and repair of Equipments and take corrective action for equipment failures/breakdown to minimize production downtime.
3 Years Work experience as Senior Equipment Engineer for Cleaning Machines of Western Digital and 2 Years Work experience as Senior Equipment Engineer for MMM 53812 MX - Hesse and Knipps Wire Bonding Machine HKWB BJ820 as part of our Cross Training of Western Digital
5 Years Work experience as Unit Manager for Cleaning Machines and Metrology Tools of Western Digital
Certified Six Sigma Green Belt Practitioner – Reduction of Broken and Missing Rowbars at Post Harmony Cleaning Tools
WORKING EXPERIENCE
December 13, 2021 to Starkson Packaging Incorporated March 17, 2023 Emilio Aguinaldo Highway Silang Cavite Engineering Maintenance Manager
Operational Excellence - Improve the effectiveness of the work team and customer stations by sharing and implementing best practices across the region and sub-regions
Responsible for developing and maintaining department training curriculums for each direct report
Serves as the conduit for communication within the department to ensure that leadership messages, organizational changes, and initiatives are communicated to direct reports
Meets financial targets including budgets and KPI’s
Assists in the maintenance scheduling process of assigned building and primarily responsible for the execution of the work
Managing work order backlog in Computer Maintenance Management Systems (CMMS)
Responsible for the safety and environmental compliance to include reporting and performing safety and environmental investigations and near misses
Proactive in equipment and process reliability, able to perform problem solving
Responsible for the operation and maintenance of all HVAC units and Utilities such as Genset, Compressors, Boilers and Exhaust Ducting Installation in assigned buildings
Working knowledge of purified water systems generation, operation, and maintenance January 2, 2019 to Belle I-Tech Trading Company
December 10, 2021 Brgy. Malitlit Santa Rosa Laguna Philippines Calibration and Sales Services Specialist
Responsible for the calibration of measuring Instruments and Equipment subjected for annualand semi-annual calibration as a requirement for ISO Standards and for accurate measurements specified for the good quality product results
Conduct testing and inspections of measuring tools and Equipment after calibration to ensure that the instrument and Equipment being calibrated has a good results in the product application.
Basic troubleshooting, installation, maintenance and repair on designated equipment.
Completing Preventative Maintenance and field modifications.
Ordering and managing repair parts cycle times.
Keeping up to date on administrative responsibilities such as maintaining customer service logs and internal service records in a timely manner.
Maintaining daily communications with customers to ensure resolution and proper follow-up.
Meeting Health and Human Services, Environmental Health and Safety and/or all other applicable regulatory requirements.
Utilizing the escalation process to resolve customer service delivery issues.
Identifying and participating in sales opportunities such as new contracts, contract renewals and system sales. July 22, 2008 to HGST a Western Digital Company Philippines May 11, 2018 Laguna Technopark - Binan, Laguna
Equipment Engineering Unit Manager
SEE-Sliders Equipment Engineering Department
Cleaners Team (Cleaning and Metrology Tools)
Conduct monitoring of Machine Uptime and Machine Time gbefore Failure, Machine Time To Repair and provide effective Immediate, Corrective and Preventive Actions if the target set does not achieve.
Supervise and support production by troubleshooting and repair of work on Washing Equipment and Cleaning Machines
Generate a plan or schedule for Preventive Maintenance on equipments and machines.
Managing and supervise Engineers and Engineering Assistant in performing Preventive Maintenance on equipment
Plan for continuous improvement activities to improve the over-all performance of equipment and cost reduction.
Supervise and support for the installation of New Equipments and machines and also Over-all machine qualifications
Supervise operation supplies, monitor inventory and application of fast moving spare parts of the machines and equipments
Supervise and assist evaluation of spare parts used in all Hitachi Cleaning Machines and Equipments such as Automatic Dental Tool, Applied Engineering Product, High Pressure Machines, Oil Type Washing Machines, Diakite Washing Machine, Oil Rough Washing Machine, Rinse Module Machine, B-Clear Washing Machine, Mini Wipe Tool, Brush Washing Machine, Oil Wiping Machine, Ethanol Wiping Machine, Solvent Cleaning Machine, Infinity Debonder Machine, Trillenium Machine, RowbarDebonding Machine, SSEC Machines, Slider Wiping machine, Semi-Auto Wiping Machine, Carier Cleaner Machine, Rie Tool Cleaning Machine and Tray Cleaning Machine
Cross Trained MMM 53812 MX - Hesse and Knipps Wire Bonding Machine HKWB BJ820
Monitor and implement the Implementation of 5S Program and maintain safety good working environment
Certified Green Belt Six Sigma
March 7, 2007 to Testech Philippines Corporation
July 20, 2008 CPIP, BatinoCalamba, Laguna - Philippines Facilities Supervisor
Production Engineering Department
Duties and Responsibilities:
Conduct machine improvement projects with respect to cost, time and delivery to have a good productivity.
Apply the QC Tools Applications, Quality Circle Problem Solving Approach, Statistical Techniques, FMEA and Global 8 Discipline for solving the top problems in a certain process that is subjected for process improvement.
Responsible for making plans, policy or rules and regulations concerning facility and maintenance management system
Supervise implementation of facility and maintenance management system
Make reports, analysis and improvements concerning the above activities
Conducted Monitoring and Preventive Maintenance of DI Water System, Power Generator, Compressors and Air Conditioning Unit.
April 18, 2005 to INTEGRATED MICROELECTRONICS INCORPORATED-EPSON March 20, 2006 Laguna Technopark Industrial, Binan, Laguna - Philippines Equipment Engineering Supervisor
IMI- EPSON Engineering Department
Duties and Responsibilities:
Conduct monitoring of Machine Uptime and Machine Breakdown and provide effective Immediate, Corrective and Preventive Actions if the target set does not achieve
Supervise and support technicians in troubleshooting, repair and maintenance of LCD machines such as SEIKO-EPSON CB2003 Chip On Glass, ACF Attachment machine and FPC Attachment machine.
Generate a plan or schedule for Preventive Maintenance on equipments and machines.
Supervise and support technicians in performing Preventive Maintenance on equipment
Plan for continuous improvement activities to improve the over-all performance of equipment and cost reduction.
Supervise and support for the installation of New Equipments and machines
Supervise operation and application of fast moving spare parts of the machines.
Conduct training and qualification of technicians. May 2, 1996 to FUJI ELECTRIC PHILIPPINES, INCORPORATED March 23, 2005 Carmelray Industrial Park, CalambaCanlubang, Laguna – Philippines Production Foreman toEquipment Engineering Supervisor Production and Engineering Department
Duties and Responsibilities:
Supervise a team of production staff, technicians and operator to achieve output and good quality requirements with attainable and optimum yield.
Coordinate with other support functional team to achieve production objective and company objectives.
Reporting to Production Manager in recommending measures to improve production methods, equipment performance and quality of work.
Guide and educate operators and technicians regarding the basic operations of machines or equipment and proper fill-up of check sheets or records.
Plan for continuous improvement programs to achieve yearly target productivity goals.
Lead and motivate a highly trained and skilled team of operators and technicians.
Conduct monitoring of Machine Uptime and Machine Breakdown and provide effective Immediate, Corrective and Preventive Actions if the target set does not achieve.
Supervise and support production by troubleshooting and repair of work on Equipment and Machines
Generate a plan or schedule for Preventive Maintenance on equipments and machines.
Supervise and support Engineering Assistant in performing Preventive Maintenance on equipment
Plan for continuous improvement activities to improve the over-all performance of equipment and cost reduction.
Supervise and support for the installation of New Equipments and machines.
Supervise operation supplies, monitor inventory and application of fast moving spare parts of the machines and equipments.
Supervise and assist evaluation of spare parts used in FOL, EOL, TESTING and Q.A. machines and equipments such as NITTO Wafer Mounter, DISCO DAD Dicing Cut Machine, NEC Die Bonding or Attached Machine, SHINKAWA and ORTHODYNE ELECTRONICS Wire Bonding Machines.
Monitor and implement the Implementation of 5S Program and maintain safety good working environment
Set-up and conduct Calibration or Instrumentation of Monitoring and Measuring Device.
Can calibrate linear and dimensional instrument using standard block gauges, dial gage, micrometers and calipers.
Can calibrate pressure gauges, digital force gage and temperature recorders using standard test gage and Yokogawa digital thermometer
Can calibrate speed and time using standard digital stop watch and digital contact tachometer.
Can calibration electrical tester for testing purposes using standard such as Decade Box, Voltage Current Generator, DC Voltage Standard and AC Voltage Standard, Advantest R6161, Digital Multi Meter and Digital Oscilloscope. Other Skills:
Can able to work under pressure with good results and also have a good and strong interpersonal relation and communication skills with other functional teams.
Knowledgeable in the basic operation, troubleshooting and repair of Shinkawa Wire Bonding Machine trained at Fuji Electric Japan at Matsumoto City, Japan.
Knowledgeable in eliminating defects and improve quality using the QC Tools Applications, Quality Circle Problem Solving Approach, Statistical Techniques, FMEA and Global 8 Discipline..
Computer Literate in Microsoft Word, Excel and Power Point Presentation same with Windows XP.
Knowledgeable in handling improvements and upgrading activities with own initiative.
Posses good leadership skills
SPECIAL TRANINGS/ SEMINAR
February 27, 1999 Appreciation Course on ISO 9000 October 23~24, 1999 Team Building Workshop Fuji Electric Philippines Inc. Fuji Electric Philippines Inc. Carmelray Industrial Park 1 Puerto Azul Resort, Cavite February 13~25, 1997 Training for Shinkawa August 22, 1998 Participant Wire Bonding Machine Safegas Handling Seminar
Official Business Trip INGASCO, Inc
Fuji Electric Matsumoto Co. Ltd. Fuji Electric Philippines Inc. Matsumoto City, Nagano, Japan Carmelray Industrial Park 1 March 12, 2003 ISO 9001:2000 Version November 25, 2003 ISO 14000 : 2000 Version Awareness Seminar Awareness Seminar
Fuji Electric Philippines Inc. Fuji Electric Philippines Inc. Carmelray Industrial Park 1 Carmelray Industrial Park 1 January 10~30, 2004 Potential Failure Mode Effect Analysis August 9, 2005 Fundamentals of Reliability Fuji Electric Philippines Inc,
and Failure Analysis Carmelray Industrial Park 1
IMI-EPSON Binan, Laguna
EDUCATION ATTAINMENT
1991~1996 Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering University of Perpetual Help System of Laguna Biňan, Laguna Philippines
1987~1991 Secondary Level
University of Perpetual Help System of Laguna Biňan, Laguna Philippines
1981~1987 Primary Level
Carmona Elementary School
Carmona, Cavite
PERSONAL BACKGROUND
Born on 8th of June 1975, Married, with knowledge in Production Supervision, Output Oriented and Production Maintenance in machine troubleshooting and repair. I am a guy posses own initiative towards work and can able to work with minimum supervision. I am approachable person, understanding, quick learner, efficient and hardworking. I always keep in my heart and mind that “Time is Gold” in everything we do.
Contact this candidate