Unrestricted
**** *** ******* ****
Corning, NY *4830
Phone 607-***-****
Bruce R. Rohdenburg
Objective To obtain a position that will utilize my engineering, program management, quality management and leadership abilities in conjunction with my 35 years of experience.
Professional
Experience
Product Engineering Manager & Quality Manager
November 2020-Current Siemens-Energy, Panted Post, NY
Program Manager for new incoming projects.
Management of all phases of construction and equipment installation projects.
Work with the safety and production team to meet all safety requirements
Oversee all external contractors to meet the project time lines. June 2017- July 2020: Kennedy Valve, Elmira, NY
Direct and lead the Quality, and Engineering staff in providing workable product designs that meet/exceed customer expectations and that allow robust manufacturing processes.
Direct and lead Research and Development projects for the company.
Drive and develop processes that create sustainable, long-term competitive advantages.
Manage test and development for new and existing product.
Manage and oversee conformance to Quality Management Systems (QMS) and standards.
Direct and manage manufacturing service department. Engineering Manager
October 2009 – June 2017 Waupaca Foundry-Wellsboro (formerly Hitachi Metals Automotive Components USA, LLC), Wellsboro, PA Supervise the Engineering Department, which consisted of five Mechanical Engineers, two Electrical Engineers, two Program Managers and an Engineering Intern.
Worked internationally with machine and fixture builders. Management of all phases of construction and equipment installation projects. Management of moving entire manual and automated equipment to our Effingham machining facility.
Supervise the Tooling Department, which consisted of one Tooling Supervisor and six Tooling Technicians.
Develop a teamwork environment to work alongside the sales group to meet customer demands with current and new product lines. Develop and track cost savings through the tool room in excess of $500,000.00. ISO 14001 Internal Safety Auditor, record and implement safety action items with current and new machine lines.
Program Manager
October 2008 – October 2009 Hitachi Metals Automotive Components USA, LLC, Wellsboro, PA
Unrestricted
Developed new projects.
Implemented cost savings using budgetary restraints and timelines. Coordinated customer interfacing and selected customer outsourcing. Machining Engineer
February 1999 - October 2008 Hitachi Metals Automotive Components USA, LLC, Lawrenceville, PA
Designed, developed, and implemented automated work cells, which reduced man-hours and outsourcing costs by over $100,000.
Managed Pattern Shop and reduced overtime by 30% by facilitating proper usage of limited labor resources.
Managed outsourcing high volume production machining and being accountable for on time production and distribution of parts.
Technical Sales/Engineering Designer
December 1997 - February 1999 Industrial Manufacturing, Athens, GA Coordinated outside sales and evaluated on-site field engineering. Mechanical Engineer/Project Manager
June 1995 - December 1997 Versa Tech Company, Greenwood, SC Designed and implemented work cells for the automotive industry. Mechanical Engineer/Project Manager
February 1987 - June 1995 Systems Technology Inc., Surfside Beach, SC Duties included detailer/designer, tool and die worker. Prototype Machinist
October 1985 - February 1987 Systems Technology Inc., Surfside Beach, SC Machinist duties, manual milling machines, and lathe. Education
Associate Degree in Mechanical Engineering: 1990 / 1991 Horry-Georgetown Technical College, Conway, SC
Associate Degree in Machine Tool and Die: 1985/1986 Horry-Georgetown Technical College, Conway, SC
Certificates/
Skills
Ken Chapman Leadership training (certified 2019)
ISO 9001 / QS 9000 Internal Auditor
ISO 1401 / QS 9000 Internal Auditor
Unrestricted
Ford Global 8D (FTEP)
Lean Manufacturing Certified
5S Training
Auto Cad Inventor 3-D, Auto Cad Mechanical 2-D
References References furnished upon request
Contact this candidate