Veaceslav (Slava) Luchianov
ad1dm1@r.postjobfree.com,
614-***-****
Columbus, Ohio
LinkedIn profile - detailing project experiences and endorsements from colleagues.

Seasoned Application Development Director seeking a challenging role to apply proven technical proficiency.

Professional Summary
17 years of experience as a Director of Software Development.
20 years of experience as a Software Architect, including 3 years in Azure solutioning.
Proven track record of leading local/offshore/nearshore Development in Agile environment, all phases of SDLC.
Extensive experience in asset management, insurance, retail, and telecommunication areas.
Technical Expertise
Web, Mobile, Azure, OOAD/OOP, Design Patterns, UML, PMBOK, BABOK, Agile, SADT (IDEF0),
Cloud Computing, Distributed Systems, High Performance Computing, SOA, Low Code/No Code,
.NET, C#, LINQ, REST/Web API, Flutter, Dart, MS Power Platform, SQL, ASP.NET, C++.
Experience
Solution Architect (Consultant)
Smart Laser LLC (Pre-Incorporation), Jun 2023 - Present
Consulted the startup in the role of a Solution Architect, advising on technology choices, architecture, and project scope.
Contributed to strategic decisions about the technology stack and product features, setting the project on a path toward commercial viability.
Collaborated with cross-disciplinary parties, including developers and hardware specialists, to ensure alignment between the mobile application and hardware components.
Designed and implemented a prototype mobile application using Flutter and Dart to control a programmatically guided laser pointer.
Engineered an innovative algorithmic feature allowing for the generation of diverse paths that effectively cover a defined surface area within the graphic editor's boundaries.
Senior Director of Application Development and Solution Architect
Washington Prime Group, April 2022 – May 2023
Spearheaded a digital transformation initiative, optimizing business workflows, and introducing
Low Code/ No Code automation technologies.
Led cross-departmental business analysis, identifying process inefficiencies, contributing to IT roadmap development.
Implemented Power Platform solutions, automating data flow across departments.
Pioneered alternative data ingestion routes using Azure Functions and Snowflake data lake.
Streamlined Excel-based workflows using VSTO .NET C#, enabling further use of MS Power Platform.
Managed migration to OneDrive.com, integrating it with the MS Teams ecosystem.
Enhanced a custom-built CMS performance and initiated iOS client modernization with Flutter.
Initiated Azure Cognitive services use, including Azure Open AI service and Azure Cognitive Search.

Director of Development and Chief Architect
CBRE FacilitySource, June 2013 – November 2021
Led integrations with 3rd party IT systems in Azure, designing high-performance solutions.
Migrated on-premises solutions to Azure cloud-based solutions and optimized pricing aspects.
Transformed company's IT towards Enterprise Architecture technology practices.
Managed application development planning, coordination, and implementation.
Introduced a mobile version of the product.
Built efficient IT teams, integrating best practices and technology standards across the organization.
Supported SOX auditing, supervising Development Gates.
Facilitated dramatic revenue growth, from $40m in 2013 to over $250m in 2018.

Director of Product Development and Lead Architect
softWrench Solutions, August 2010 – May 2013
Revived major IT initiative by rearchitecting a core of the product, rebuilding a team of developers and QA, and ensuring product delivery in working condition.
Managed multiple development teams (local and offshore).
Raised company maturity from CMMI level 1 to 2.5, reporting to the CEO.

Other positions
Other positions held from 1993 to 2010 include roles as a Director of Development, .NET Architect, Dev Lead, Senior Software Developer at companies including Safe Auto Insurance, Emerson Network Power, NSB Group, KMi Inc, Lucent Technologies, and ADD ltd Engineering.

Certifications
Project Management Professional (PMP),
PMI ID: 1290736, credential in good standing.

Microsoft Certification:
AZ-900. Azure Fundamentals.
MCSD For Microsoft .NET, MCP ID# 2694018.
70-301. Managing, Organizing, and Delivering IT Projects by Using Microsoft Solutions Framework 3.0.

Education
State University of Moldova
Master’s degree in Physics.
Contact this candidate