OLUWOLE EZEKIEL ADEKOYA
* ****** ******, ****-*****, Lagos
090******** - ad1ef9@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Skilled engineering manager with ability to build and motivate a high-performing engineering team.
Results-orientated Mechanical Engineer with a hands-on approach to tackling projects and accomplishing goals.
SKILLS
Proficiency in Ms – word, MS – excel,
power point, fleet management software
and enterprise resource planning (ERP)
software for stock management.
Complex problem solving
Strong decision maker
Engine components, pumps, and fuel
systems knowledge
Multidisciplinary exposure
Works well in diverse team environment
Technical problem-solving
Quick learner
Attention to details.
WORK HISTORY
June 2018 till date Engineering Services Manager, Forklift Center PEBNIC VENTURES LIMITED – Maryland, Lagos state
Analyzing cost of restoration of lift truck to basic condition.
Led project scheduling and budgeting to successfully and quickly complete engineering projects.
Performed on-site surveys to establish critical issues affecting availability of trucks on site and ensuring timely fault resolution.
Carry out efficiency analysis for equipment out of operational site for management decisions
January 2017 –
June 2018
Regional Manager
Pebnic Ventures Ltd, Nigeria Brewery Plc. operations
Management of fleets and coordination of logistics activities of the company for Nigeria breweries work locations. Also, review stock usage records on ERP system and ensure accurate stock balance across NB locations.
Ensuring timely resolution of faults on fleet and driving safety culture across all site. February 2015 –
December 2016
Senior Technical Officer
Pebnic Ventures Ltd (contractor to Nigeria Brewery Ltd) – Aba, Lagos state
Provision of leadership for all workshop processes and ensuring fleet availability at the work locations.
Co-ordination of stock usage by workshop to ensure accurate stock balancing physically
& on ERP system.
Read and interpreted technical drawings & schematics to get accurate part numbers of items required for repairs
Investigated equipment failures to diagnose faulty operation and made appropriate maintenance recommendations.
January 2013 –
February 2015
Technical Officer
Pebnic Ventures Limited (contractor to Nigeria Brewery Ltd) – Aba, Abia State
Provision of technical leadership for maintenance, repairs and troubleshooting of lift trucks faults
Procurement of repair parts needed for preventive & corrective maintenance.
Ensuring no stock loss through accurate stock usage record on ERP system.
Ensuring efficient trucks' thermal energy consumption to promote environmental sustainability and energy conservation.
December 2011 –
December 2012
Maintenance/sales engineer
Manal Nigeria Ltd – Arepo, Ogun state
Maintenance & repair of mechanical equipment (rollers, excavators, fork lifts, road pavers, etc.) and overhauling of power engines.
Investigated equipment failures to diagnose faulty operation and ensure equipment is in good condition to promote marketability.
October 2010 –
December 2011
Maintenance Engineer
Messrs CECCEC Nig. Ltd
Maintenance & repair of mechanical equipment (rollers, excavators, fork lifts, road pavers, etc.).
July 2009 –
June 2010
Mathematics & physics teacher (NYSC)
Government Secondary School – Wase, Plateau state
March 2008 –
June 2009
Apprentice
Alatishe Motors &Engineering company – Ijebu-Ode, Ogun State
Assisting and learning about general maintenance & overhauling of automobile engines. June 2006 –
January 2007
Industrial trainee
Africa Petroleum – Apapa, Lagos state
Assisting and learning about general maintenance and repair of industrial flow pumps. EDUCATION
2008 B.Sc Mechanical Engineering
Lagos State University -
Lagos-State.
2000 Ijebu-Ode Grammar School -
Ijebu-Ode, Ogun -State.
CERTIFICATIONS
UC-STEP Certificate of competence(Grade 2,3 & 4) for lift equipment maintenance by Mitsubishi Logisnext Co. LTD (JAPAN)
Personal effectiveness and time management training by Customer Oriented management
Certificate in workplace health & safety by British safety council. REFERENCES
Available on request
Contact this candidate