Ryan M. King
***** ******** ** ****** *****, MI *9014
Mobile 269-***-**** Email : ad1jx0@r.postjobfree.com

A hard-working team player with a perfect attendance record

EXPERIENCE
SUMMIT POLYMERS-PORTAGE,MI
ENGINEERING MANAGER 3/1/23- PRESENT
Manage 3 indirect headcount and 11 direct headcount.
Oversea 135 injection molds
Oversea 32 Injection mold presses
Team mentoring and direct development plans for essential team members to meet the facilities needs for strategic planning.
Facility maintains 24 hours a day of production. Typically 5 days a week
A3 development plans, PFMEA as well as CP usage as part of strategy for corrective measures for Manufacturing.

MANN+HUMMEL GMBH-PORTAGE, MI
PROJECT ENGINEER 3/9/16- 2/28/23
Facilitated Numerous Product Launches to Include CHR-1140, GM-1074-11 GM-1386-02, -4, 05, FOR 1334-03, 05, FOR 1462, TOY1186, RIV 1000, GM1563-13, and GM 1698. These Programs were managed throughout various Gates in program life cycle. The products related to these programs runs the full gambit of Full Air box assemblies, Plastic manifolds and plastic battery structures.
Utilized 6 sigma tools to remove M+H off a third-party sort for GM-1386-02 by showcasing process variability. Well versed on both QDAS statistical software as well as Minitab.
Developed an assortment of product lines and processes. This is to include various forms of Hot plate welding, Vibration welding, Assembly and Leak testing. Not limited too
Developed numerous M+H team members and third-party resources to align to F.I.L.T.E.R. values. Primarily rolling up your sleeves and just getting the job done. This has included having up to 3 interns reporting directly to me.
Facilitated in acquiring Capital seed for an assortment of programs. This amount ranged from $30 K-nearly $3 Million. Additionally, I have help develop tooling cost associated with each program I have worked on.
Significantly reduced sorting on GM 1386 based on decision analysis and critical team feedback.
Have facilitated numerous Assembly line launches utilizing both Synchronous and A-synchronous assembly process.
Specifically Requested by GM and Ford both for product development. This is related to DFM issues all the way to troubleshooting common supplier manufacturing process. This result has provided me an opportunity to travel globally for MH.

Johnson Controls Inc. –Battle Creek, MI
Lean Six Sigma Black Belt 1/1/14- 3/9/16.
Conducted Six Sigma training- One of two projects completed for certification.
Conducted Lean practitioner training- Certified.
Conducted KT (kepnor Tragoe) training- Certified
Increased productivity, quality and profitability through keen data analysis
Significantly improved operations of the recliner area using data analysis tools such as Minitab and KT, yielded improvement gains were up to as much as 20% in certain areas.
Collaborated with senior management to understand process improvements using VSM’s to determine what, where and how the operations is ran.
Facilitated Numerous Kaizen events- This was typically purpose driven (5’s, Layout, Kanban, and or a process Kaizen)
Initiated/ managed multiple projects that lowered overall plant burden cost.
Researched and developed recliner area issues contributing to an increase in production (by 25% in 2014) and reliability, as well as a drop in scrap.

Manufacturing Engineer Manager (Ad Hoc) 1/1/13- 1/1/14
Manage day to day Operations of the Entire Engineering department.
Coordinated expectations to 12 direct report employees- salaried staff.
Overseen 16 indirect report employees –Maintenance staff.
Mentoring teams/individuals to deliver projects to meet and exceed customer demands.
Overseen 4 Trumpf Co2 Laser welders, and 1 Rolfin Co2 Laser welder. Additionally managed 10 assembly lines with a typical cycle time of 17 seconds.
Directed personnel to deliver stop gaps with smart solutions. This resulted in lowering overall plant PPM.
Managed to cycle 28 persons through various training scenarios. This was done both on campus and at satellite facilities.

Manufacturing Engineer Recliners 1/18/11- 1/1/14
Facilitate new product Launch for All recliner operations.
Trouble shoots in all aspects for any Engineering issue for entire Plant.
De-bug/ maintain current Assembly operations. Asynchronous assembly line is typical process
Assist with Machine quotes to our Customers for both new product, and Engineering changes.
Trouble Shoot and program PLC’s (Allen Bradley-500/5000).
Solid understanding of RS logic 500 and 5000.
Team Leader / Self driven and extremely motivated.
Typical cycle times I have worked with are 4 -11 secs per process.

Summit Polymers Inc- Portage, MI Technical center
Advanced Manufacturing Engineer (Manufacturing Technical Leader) 9/09-1/15/11
Facilitate new Product launch at all Summit Polymer Facilities for Kinetic Parts
Take part in Product development from design stage to the Manufacturing process.
Continual cost save analysis for both the Manufacturing Equipment, and Manufacturing Processes
Conduct Machine design reviews, with a machine critique to ensure any given machine meets our standards
Assist in Machine quotes to our Customers for both new product, and Engineering changes. This lead to a gross profit of 1.2 million dollars for 2009
Conduct Time studies to verify process.
Develop Machines with Lean Manufacturing process.
Assist in troubleshooting in all aspects, from PLC programming to labor content.

Yorozu Automotive North America – Battle Creek, MI-facility closed 7/07-9/09
Manufacturing Engineer
Assist in all process control operations (plc)
Oversee all current production quality control when implementing new prototype production or new year model changes
Taken part in model changes for Honda, General Motors, and Mitsubishi lines
Program all HMI's and debugging of all line launches
Programming of Fanuc and Motoman (both Fanuc and yaskawa software)
Robotics technician 9/04 – 7/07
Assist in all maintenance operations
Troubleshoot PLC’s (Omron) Cx–programmer
Fabricate for/on existing lines as well as new lines
Install and program robots
Familiar in all aspects of welding for robots
Knowledgeable in resistant type welding

Hi-Lex Corporation – Battle Creek, MI 8/03 – 9/04
Maintenance-A Mechanic
Assist in all maintenance operations
Troubleshoot PLC’s (Allen Bradley, Mitsubishi, and some Omron’s)
Fabrication for new lines as well as to maintain machinery using the following: surface grinders, end mills, lathe, welding (mig and arc), drill press and bench grinders, but not limited to
Troubleshoot electrical, hydraulic, and pneumatic systems with or with out schematics
Working knowledge of a 5S program
Understanding of facility that uses data stream in all aspects of maintenance operation
Analytical troubleshooting via retained learning’s from KT training

AFG Insulating – Marshall, MI 9/01 – 8/03
Maintenance Mechanic
Oversee and assist in all plant maintenance operations
Install and set-up of plant machinery, including PLC’s
Maintain plant equipment including glass cutters, washers, and all glass insulating machines and product
Computer experience in Microsoft Word and Excel, but not limited to
Welding (mig and arc) and carpentry
Certified for JLG lift and scissors lift including all types of fork lifts, but not limited to
Knowledgeable in all fields of electrical maintenance and as well as electrical installation of new equipment including 480, 220, and 110 voltage handling at current facility
PLC knowledge is limited to mostly Allen Bradley PLC’s, but very well versed with these particular types... Interested to learn more about other types of PLC’s

Atmosphere Annealing – Lansing, MI 10/2000 – 9/2001
Maintenance Mechanic
Machine installation and repair
PLC Trouble-shooting
Arc Welding
Usage of overhead rail cranes
Light electrical and instrument repair
Waste Water Treatment

U.S. Navy – Pearl Harbor, HI 8/1996 – 8/2000
GSM3 KING, USS LAKE ERIE CG-70
Qualified engine room operator (supervisor) within two (2) years on board, both positions are manned while ship is underway
Qualified general maintenance technician and some supervisor positions held
Familiarity in reading blue-prints and technical documents, as well as knowledge of a wide variety of tools
Received Awards for: Sea Service Deployment, Armed Forces Expeditionary, Navy Good Conduct, and have two (2) Commanding Officer Letters of Commendation

EDUCATION

United States Navy 1997
Gas Turbine Naval ‘A’ School

Ongoing
Currently working on degree in Management

KT training (Kepner Tregoe analytical evaluation) - Certified
Moto man programming (basic programming NX 100) training
Kistler measurement training
AIAG Control Plan and PFMEA training
Control Logics 5000 training
Six Sigma Training
Lean Practitioner training- Certified
Contact this candidate