SUMMARY Curriculum - Vitae AndehriDeori, Suresh Q.ShreeVihar, Pincode-Mob Email:No.:- 2, -Chandra 087******** vermasc0854@Shakthi 305901, Bangur Beawar,Verma Block Distt Nagar gmail.Ajmer (Raj), com
vendors, Government Project Planning, Erection departments. Coordination, & Commissioning Procurement of Electrical of Project system equipments for Cement (E&I)Plant., negotiations Liaison with with
Basic Engineering & Design of Electrical system for Cement Plant.
Cement Plant operation & maintenance.
PROFESSIONAL (A) 34 HZL,Diploma years Debari of experience Trainee Udaipur PROFILE (Elect.in Cement ) Industry (1800TPD+3000TPD 04thMay Dry 1982 Process to 05th Cement May Plants)1983 .
Learned Basic Electrical Machine & Plant layout inspection.
(B) Roles . Nissan Junior Shift & Engineer Responsibilities Transformer operations (Electrical) with Pvt seniors. Ltd, Madari, Udaipur 20th May 1983 to 23th June 1984
Final Inspection of New Transformers which are ready for dispatch.
(C). J. Supervisor K. Responsible transformers Roles Tyre & Industries Responsibilities (Elect.up for to ) assembly 5 Ltd. MVA. Kankroli, of transformers, Udaipur Day 25th to June1984 Day work to progress, 30th Sept1987 repairing of defective
Shift operations.
Plant operation & maintenance.
Responsible for 132 KV Switch yard equipments.
(D) Nayagaon, Roles Cement & Electrical Involved Responsibilities Corporation Mandsaur, point in studying (of MP) of India view. - Sr.the (Foreman A Govt.offers of (Elect.of India Major ) Enterprises) . Plant & 08th Machinery, Oct1987 to comparing 22th Feb 96 them from
Basic Cement Engineering Plant. & Design, Project estimation & costing of Electrical system for 1.2MTPA
regarding Coordination all Electrical and follow requirements up with of Consultants Project. and Vendors for all Electrical Equipments
Finalization of complete MCC feeder list as per flow sheet and supplier details.
Erection & Commissioning of HT, LT Panels, Capacitor Banks.
HT, LT, Instrumentation Cable laying & Terminations.
.Electrical Complete equipments, involvement cable in real laying execution as per schedule. of Job such as erection & commissioning of all
Shift operations.
Plant operation & maintenance.
(E) Addl. An capacity M/s Project, 1. 2. ISO-General Shree Roles successfully Shree Utter successfully Liaison of 9001, and Cement 42 which Manager. Pradesh Cement MTPA Responsibilities with 14001, I ltd. in in Chief completed and (Grinding record record Elect.Ltd. 18001 a Electrical target Unit ) time time certified Unit, of II of of Inspector 50MT (RAJ 18 11months. Sikandrabad largest months. by Cement office 2025. Cement 24th and 3 Project) MT Feb approval manufacturing GRINDING 1996 1.2 of to MT Electrical 03 Cement March. UNIT Unit drawings of 2019 commissioned Plant North commissioned India with a
Plant operation & maintenance.
Project head line Engineer Dealing (with Elect.Govt. ) for commissioning Departments. of 132 KV Switch Yard including of 132KV over
Erection & Commissioning of HT, LT Panels, Capacitor Banks.
HT, LT, Instrumentation Cables lying & Terminations.
Erection & Commissioning of HT, LT motors upto 6300 KW, 11 KV systems.
Coordination with client/Consultant, Vendors etc
Basic Cement Engineering Plant and 3MT & Design, Cement Project Grinding estimation unit (UPGU)& costing . of Electrical system for 1.2MTPA
per Stage drawings. Inspection and approval of MCC, HT/LT Motors and Distribution Transformers etc. as
Finalization of complete MCC feeders list as per flow sheet and supplier details.
Coordination regarding all Electrical and follow requirements up with of Consultants Project. and Vendors for all Electrical Equipments
Finalization of Plant internal cable route (Power & Control cables).
Preparation of erection & commissioning schedule up to micro level in MS Project.
Beawar. Section In charge of Raw Mill, Cement Mill, Mines, Kiln & Cooler section in Unit 1&2nd at
Electrical Complete equipments, involvement cable in real laying execution as per schedule. of Job such as erection & commissioning of all
Finalization minimum cable of Load lengths. Centre layout and panel locations in Load centers keeping in view the
Liaison with Chief Electrical Inspector office and approval of Electrical drawings
Stage& Final Inspection of different Electrical equipments.
Coordination Power Connection and liaison at UPGU. with Uttar Pradesh Power Transmission Corporation/PVVNL for Grid EDUCATIONAL Professional Training References:1. 2. 3. 4. Attended Sh. Sh Sh.Sh.Coordination run Rajeev S.K.certification P.electrical PROFILE P.L N. - Nema-Mahajan Diploma Stream Board College Year Marks Chhagani-Jain- equipment VP- and AVP- -JtVP– Shree liaison WTD- : by Course Passed Shree : : : : : : : : : : :At At Licensee Shree At At Cleared Attended Cement at Warming with Shree Nimbhahara CII Delhi Vadodara, UPGU. Cement conducted two on 1981 Electrical Govt.B.70 Cement Director T.on Cement Energy Supervisory % Ltd Board, E. training papers environment. Polytechnic Industrial Rajasthan, on Ltd. on Ltd. Engineering Electrical Jyoti conservation by Govt Ltd. maintenance of program B.Energy breaker safety. E.License of Jodhpur Ajmer E. Raj. Safety, at Manager (Suresh Hyderabad CII,6.examination of 6KV Hyderabad, HT/Lucknow/MOCB)LT Chandra Certification Motors, and, Aligarh testing/conducted on Delhi Global Verma Transformers etc. for Maintenance. taking NOCs for
Contact this candidate