Priya Shastri
Email: ad1wuk@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/priyashastri Phone: 408-***-**** AWS DevOPS Professional, AWS Solution Architect Associate Certified, Project Management Professional Certified, DTM
Seeking a position as a Principal Platform Engineer in Cloud infrastructure teams. Experienced Developer and tester in Enterprise Software space coding in Python and Java/Javascript React. Experienced in providing AWS Cloud solutions for infrastructure development. Education
● AWS Certified DevOPS Engineer - August 2023
● AWS Certified Solution Architect Associate - March 2023
● Distinguished Toastmaster DTM - D101 toastmasters.org - June 2023 - Present
● UC Berkeley Exec Education - New Manager Boot Camp - Dec 2021
● Linux Foundation.org - Kubernetes - CKAD, CKA certified - July, Sept 2021.
● Product Management Certificate from eCornell – September 2020.
● PMP Certified and ASQ Six Sigma Green Belt Certified. June 2018.
● Masters in Computer Science, Virginia Tech, USA.
● B.E. Computer Engineering, Mumbai University, India. Computer Skills
DevOps: AWSCLI, Jenkins, CI/CD, Linux, Kubernetes, Terraform, Ansible, BDD - Cucumber, Gherkin, Spinnaker, CircleCI, JIRA, Confluence.
Languages: Java, JavascriptReact, Python, Cypress, Selenium, C, C++, Go. Operating Systems and Databases: Linux, Unix - Solaris 8, 9, 10 and Oracle RDBMS, CouchbaseDB Office Products: Word, Sheets, Slides, Keynote, OpenOffice Products. Work Experience
● Couchbase Inc. Santa Clara, CA
Manager - Tools/Automation - Technical Lead Jan 2022 - Jan 2023
● Platform Engineering - Worked on developing automated tests for User interface testing using Cypress, Selenium. Converted ~150 out of 1000 test cases into automated test suites on AWS cloud. Added new features for supporting multi cloud environments. Used cp-cli written in Go to test the system performance, integration testing. Used Jenkins to set up automated runs.
● Started Couch_Toastmasters group in the company. Established CouchbaseDocJabbers Toastmasters club in the company in Dec 2022.
● Used Gherkin to write scenario based test cases. Used Behaviour Design Development (BDD) to write the user based scenarios.Debugging code for Front End using Java React. Used Python with Django framework to write backend test code.Used debugging in Go for looking at test failures in cp-cli.
● VMWare Palo Alto, CA
Member of Technical Staff 4 in vSAN Functional Validation Test Team. Dec 2018 - Dec 2020 Worked on addition Petabyte SSD disks to the vsphere UI 7.0. Worked on Kubernetes cluster deployment and testing on vSAN ESX nodes using version 1.21.0. Upgrading the cluster, installing the kubeadm tools and working with kubectl commands comprised my day to day work.
- Worked on developing test cases for adding a large capacity drive feature for the disks and Disk and diskgroup decommission tests in the vSAN storage team in python.Worked on setting up Jenkins CI/CD pipeline for existing tools like clusterfull, fault domain, unicast commands in Virtual Storage team (vSAN).
● Intel Santa Clara, CA
Senior Validation Engineer Apr 2017 – Feb 2018
Key person to set up development and test systems for the members of the team to use. Downloading perforce and setting up a workspace so that test development can be done appropriately. - Was instrumental in adding test support for DX9 APIs in the Lakefield processor. The test code was written in C and comparison was done between the graphic image rendered using GPU and the new processor. Debug information was being added using shader dumps and manual comparison of golden and rendered images. Being the central point of contact for debugging the sighting.
● Oracle America Inc. Santa Clara CA
Principal Software Engineer March 2014 – August 2016
- Worked on testing tools on SPARC SuperCluster (SSC) with M7 and MysticRiver chip. The tools included setup and management on the SSC right out of the box. Developing SSC2.0 virtualization tools as well like osx-backup, osc-domcrete, osc-interdom, osc-realloc and osc- setcoremem. These tools help in resizing the domain on SSC by adding/removing cores and memory.Dynamically configure IO domains. Involved in sustaining a tool for exadata called exachk and oswatcher.
● Oracle America Inc. Santa Clara CA.
Principal Software Engineer September 2013 – February 2014
-Involved in research and development of a new test to test the loopback functionality in Mystic River (MR)chip.
-Working with M7 platform teams to learn the working of the current driver and determine if that can be used to check the hypervisor APIs to set/reset registers in the MR chip.
-Developed a new feature called disk scrubbing as part of diskmediatest code.This feature was deployed with the VTS release in March 2014. Was the single point of contact for the "FRUID Made Easy" guide to provide a common solution to learn the FRUID process across Oracle platform teams. Worked on developing tests for SSD and memory devices.
● Oracle America Inc. (was Sun Microsystems Inc.), Santa Clara, CA. Member of Technical Staff - Level 3 January 2008 – August 2013.
- Senior developer for a software test to test infiniband products that are integrated into Exadata type machines. Designed and developed infiniband test (ibtest) as part of OracleVTS.Helped in deployment of diskmediatest feature, involves interaction with Disk Technology Team.
-Senior technical developer on the libfru porting project from Solaris to ILOM3.0:The common stack of tools for FRUID S/W development included the low level file based utilities and the top layer of tools that help the platform teams to manipulate the data in the SEEPROM.
● Sun Microsystems Inc., Santa Clara, CA.
Member of Technical Staff -Level 2 November 2005 - December 2007. I was working as a development and test engineer in the Diagnostics Engineering Group (DEG). DEG manages Sun Validation and Test Suite (SunVTS), and Field Replacements Units (FRU ID) applications for a variety of Sparc and x86 platforms.The software stress-tested the hardware components in the machine. The main projects were Olympus Product Line (OPL):
OPL processors are the result of collaboration with Fujitsu (FJ) and Sun. I was responsible for diagnosing test related enhancements, and generating test requirement specifications and profiles for testing on the manufacturing floors. Field Replacement Unit Identification (FRUID):
I was providing first line support for issues with libfru which is integrated in ILOM 3.0(Service Processor OS based on Linux) and utilities like prtfru, fruimagedump, clearfru and fruupdate.
● Sun Microsystems Inc., Bangalore India.
Member of Technical Staff - Level 2 September 2004 - October 2005. Development and test engineer in the Diagnostics Engineering Group (DEG). SunVTS:
SunVTS provides numerous functionality based tests to exercise the hardware in order to detect faults. SunVTS is based on client-server technology and communication by RPC. I was a member of the Harness team that deals with kernel development and UI maintenance. Field Replacement Unit Identification (FRUID): I was involved in resolving a key customer issue to read Intel based IPMI version 1.0 formatted SEEPROMs along with Sun formatted SEEPROMS.
Contact this candidate