FAIZULLAH HASIN
***** ******* *** *** # 16-216-***-**** ad1w7g@r.postjobfree.com/ ad1w7g@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/Faizullah Hasin
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering May 2015
Banaras Hindu University India
MAIN COURSES
Construction Cost Estimation, Construction Contract specification and Administration, Construction planning and Scheduling, Construction Methods Field Operation, Construction Sustainability, Construction Material, Construction Finance, Risk Management, Building Information Modeling, Construction Acquisition, Highway construction,Construction survey WORK EXPERIENCE
Project: Project Manager
Clint: World Bank Project
Location : Baghlan Province Afghanistan
Baghlan To Bameyan 24 Km Road Project
From Feb 2019 Up to August 2022
Dealing with clients.
Preparation of monthly invoices to the clients.
Preparation of weekly and monthly report for the management. Proper allocation of resources.
Manage budget and other project resources.
supervised all engineering teams
Monitor all technical work.
Prepared quarterly, monthly and year progress Reports Attained all monthly meeting with contractors and other Important meetings Project: Project Manager
Clint: Asian Development Bank Project
Qiasar To Laman Ring Road 48 Km Road Project
From August 2018 Up to Feb 2019
Preparation of cost estimation / Quotations / Measurements / Interim valuations. Preparation of bill of quantities.
Review project document and specifications, identify bid items and prepare quantities for estimate from plans. Undertake cost planning which will help all members of the design team arrive at practical solutions and stay within the project budget.
Variations Orders, Fluctuations analysis, monitoring overall Projects in respect to extra and Additional works, Monthly project cost reports price analysis, Final Accounts, Contractual Claims etc. and Supervising of Civil works. Preparation of cost estimation, Preparation of Quotation, Interim valuations, various Orders, Fluctuations analysis, Progress Payment breakdown.
Monitoring and advising on operational costs.
Inspecting and then valuing completed work.
Project: Project Manager
Asian Development Bank Project
Location : Badakhshan Afghanistan
Fayzabad To Baharak 40 Km Road Project
From April 2015 May 2018
Review project document and specifications, identify bid items and prepare quantities for estimate from plans. Undertake cost planning which will help all members of the design team arrive at practical solutions and stay within the project budget. Variations Orders, Fluctuations analysis, monitoring overall Projects in respect to extra and Additional works, Monthly project cost reports price analysis, Final Accounts, Contractual Claims etc. and Supervising of Civil works. Preparation of cost estimation, Preparation of Quotation, Interim valuations, various Orders, Fluctuations analysis, Progress Payment breakdown.
Monitoring and advising on operational costs.
Inspecting and then valuing completed work.
Project: Field Engineer
Asian Development Bank Project
Location : Badakhshan Province Afghanistan
Fayzabad To Baharak 40 Km Road Project
From Desmbar 2013 Up to Feb 2015
Collaborated in road alignment revision leading to saving 14000 cubic meters of cut material. Supervision and estimation of six steel girder bridges which saved USD 120,000.00. Directly leading thirteen civil engineers and six documents construal and office staff Reviewed project budget and work schedule to determine if project is over or under budget. Successfully completed the 45KM highway project three months ahead of the deadline. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Engineering Software: Civil 3D, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio) Languages: Persian (fluent), Pashto (fluent), Urdu ( fluent) and English (fluent) Certification: Asian Bank Development. World Bank. USID. Army Crops .
Contact this candidate