Education
Master of Science in Civil Engineering – Construction Management
San Jose State University - California State University 2007
Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering – Structural Engineering
Tishreen University – Latakia, Syria 1992
Job Experience
Project Manage – September 2021 to Present
Branagh Construction
Manage new construction of 147 Senior Housing Apartments
Day-to-day management of the site, including supervising and monitoring the site labor force and the work of subcontractors.
• Inspect the construction and assure that it is done in full accordance with the plans, specifications and code requirements.
• Checking plans, drawings and quantities for accuracy of execution.
• Ensuring all materials are used as per approvals and specifications.
• Acting as the main technical adviser on a construction site for subcontractors, crafts people and operatives
Senior Project Manager June 2019 – April 2021
Michael Roberts Construction
Oversaw all aspects of the building process, working closely with engineers and architects to develop plans, preconstruction, construction activities, establish timetables, and determine labor and material costs.
Managed and monitored value engineering sessions as necessary to reduce cost.
Demonstrate extensive knowledge and understanding of project controls, project. management, construction documentation and sequencing.
Solve client and vendor complaints in a timely and respectful fashion and ensured that the company maintains a positive image and provides unrivaled services.
Choose subcontractors and delegate their responsibilities/ scope of work and schedule.
Hired and managed subcontractors and employees, gathered permits, and ensure all aspects of the project are up to code official requirements.
Managed and lead the development and management of the project strategic plans to meet developer/owner’s needs and goals.
Responsible for ensuring the project is completed on budget, time and within scope.

Senior Project Manager November 2018 – June 2019
Greystar, PL
Pre-Construction of 625 Apartment Units in Redwood City, set up project budget- biding and tabs.
Met with design team and coordinated drawings and spec, layout, site logistics, follow up with city Conditions of Approval and built construction schedule.

Construction Project Manager August 2006 to November 2018
Johnstone Moyer, Inc. – San Carlos and Irvine, California
Negotiated and managed Subcontractor Contracts.
Controlled cost of project and ensured commitment to budgets.
Reviewed and issued Monthly Billing.
Managed and coordinated Lender Inspections.
Directed and Managed Architect and Contractors weekly Meeting.
Managed project risk and ensured adherence to quality and safety standards,
Lead Team & Oversee all Project Activities (RFI’s, Submittals, Billings, Budget and Drawings).
Developed and created scope of work definitions, Participate in Bidding Process, Create & Manage Project Schedule
Reviewed and approved monthly contractor billings.
Prepared and negotiate all change orders.
Participated in Pre Construction Process/Value Engineering, Plan & Specification
Review, Interface with Design Team.
Created & Managed Project Report (Owner/Company) and Control Site Observation, built strong relationship with Client/ Consultant to ensure smooth work progress at site.
Assistant Project Manager Jan.2003 toAug.2006
Arntz Builders, Inc. – Novato, California
Managed project meeting minutes and agendas, document control plans, created track, distribute and close all Submittals, RFI’s, AS’s, Pro Core Maintenance
Updated (company construction program software), managed directory/contacts, uploaded plans and documents, managed project correspondences, project communications/creation of various project binders.
Took offs (PDF, DWG, Construction Drawing revisions), maintained and distributed bid documents, construction documents to be updated,
Prepared project reports, maintained safety documents and assisted in any safety directive, assisted with permits, and obtaining permit documents, assisted with job trailer set up and job site signage, assisted project manager and superintendent at the project jobsite.
Site Project Manager/Resident Engineer 1998 2001
Fawzy Oraby Engineering and Consulting Office Sharjah, United Arab Emirates
Managed project activities including pre design process, get approval from Municipality, bidding process, review contractor and owner’s contract.
Coordinate municipality engineering inspections with contractors, manage projects daily construction activities.
Six Years of Experience in Water Supply Pipe Line and Reservoirs, Infrastructure (Roads, Sewers and Street lightings) In Yemen – 1992- 1998
I have experience as a leader/manager among my peers and with those who have less experience. My experience in construction and construction management environments help to educate me about the processes and situations that arise in that type of atmosphere. I have the confidence to be able to communicate with construction professionals and understand their languages. I am excellent at seeing the big picture and figuring out what needs to be done to solve a problem before it occurs. I have proven to be a great motivator and enjoy encouraging others to perform their job to the best of their ability.

Technical Skills:
Procore Prolog Excel
Microsoft Office PlanGrid Bluebeam
Microsoft Project Vista by Viewpoint

Languages: Fluent in English & Arabic
References:
Ghazali Elamin – Project Executive - 650-537-762
Mike Dougherty – Senior Superintendent – 209-***-****

Atta S. Elatta 1464 Sajak Ave.
San Jose, CA 95131 – USA
Cell Phone: +1-650-***-****
E mail: ad1xrt@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate