David Glenn
**** ******* ****
Earlville, IL ****8
Cell: 630-***-****
Office: 1-847-***-****
Email: ad27nl@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE To secure a position with opportunity for advancement with an organization that will benefit from my extensive background as a Director of Machining, Plant Manager, Six Sigma Black Belt, Manufacturing Engineering, Lean Coordinator, and CNC (Computer Numerical Control) programmer.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Nov 2018 IMS Engineered Products Des Plaines, IL
to Current Director of Machining
Responsibilities include all operational functions such as, scheduling, manufacturing, and maintenance, IMS is $40 million in annual sales, one of the primary assignments is to help the company grow the machining business unit to $9 million in sales revenue in less than five years. Besides the five-year goal of growth, I am responsible for scheduling, on time delivery (80% currently), manpower allocation, training, maintenance, and staff development.

Accomplishments:
2020 cost reduction from Gemba/Hoshin activities $48,694.25
Reduced process of two components ran on three machines, to one machine for both reducing labor and setup times cost savings of 10%.

Oct 2005 MTH PUMPS Plano, IL
to Nov 2018 MTH Pumps is a commercial and industrial pump manufacturer serving a wide variety of markets and industries including boiler feed, condensate return,
chillers / temperature controllers, water services, refrigeration, and petroleum, as well as many chemical process applications.

Plant Manager
Responsibilities include all operational functions such as procurement, scheduling, manufacturing, assembly, maintenance, and shipping. MTH is currently at $20 million in annual sales and a primary assignment is to leverage capacity and prepare the company for a $3 million growth.

Accomplishments:
Managed 7 direct and 51 indirect team members
Increased on time delivery from 68% to 97% and have maintained this for the past
three years
Purchased and implemented Esprit CadCam for the Manufacturing Processing of CNC Programming
Reduced overall production rates by 40% through process improvements and new machine tool technology
Increased production by 40% utilizing different tooling methodologies and programming upgrades
Lowered defective parts by 40% from 2000 per year to 1200 (Total Produced part count is 225,000)
Lowered inventory by $1.5 million in two years.
Implemented lean manufacturing and level loading on the shop floor.
Established blanket orders with our suppliers and partnered to ensure a level load and continuous flow of material to our production, increasing on time delivery from supplies from 65% to 85%.

Nov 2003 ALLOYD INC. DeKalb, IL
to Oct 2005 Alloyd is a innovative, custom-engineered, integrated packaging solutions company for both the retail and medical markets.

Manufacturing Engineer
Programmed using Delcam’s PowerMill. As one of three sample programmers, we produced on an average 109 sample molds per week.

Accomplishments:
Reduced cycle time over 50% due to new tooling technologies that saved the company time on sample molds, as well as production molds.

May 2000 AURORA CUSTOM MACHINING Aurora, IL
to Oct 2003 Aurora Custom Machining is a contract machine shop serving the automotive and energy sector.

Nov 2000 Plant Manager
to Oct 2003 Managed 3 shifts totaling 75 people. Primary assignments were budget compliance, manpower allocation, and cost reductions. Total responsibility for estimating, cross-training and lean manufacturing improvements, TQM for our employees, estimating and job cost verification, sales support, and shipping and receiving. I was also, responsible for reducing outsourcing, and managing all factory operations on a daily basis. Engineering duties included design and building of fixtures. Also made programs using EdgeCam for production parts.

Accomplishments:
Started the first cross-training program to utilize all employees throughout the shop.
Reduced cycle times
Block and Caps- parts ran at a rate of 4 to 6 parts an hour, increased to 10 to 12 per hour.
Cylinder Head Crab - parts ran at 8 parts per hour, increased to 12 per hour.
Levers - this part had four different operations, now one operation running 16 pieces per hour.
Crabs- this part had three operations, now one operation on one machine.

May 2000 Manufacturing Engineer
to Nov 2000 Worked on cost reduction for all manufacturing processes, programmed and wrote processes with EdgeCam, and designed and built fixtures. Also supervised all outside vendors for manufacturing, tooling, and materials for manufacturing processes.

Jan 1995 INNOVATIVE PLASTECH Batavia, IL
to May 2000 Innovative Plastech is a custom thermo former serving the automotive, consumer, and energy sector, as well as is an innovative, custom-engineered, integrated packaging solutions company for both the retail and medical markets.

Manufacturing Engineer
Programmed using SmartCam and Camax Command. As one of two programmers, we produced on average 50 to 60 sample and production molds per week.

Accomplishments:
Cycle time reductions of over 50% due to new tooling technologies that have saved the company time on sample molds as well as production molds.

Oct 1989 DRESSER RAND
to Jan 1995 Dresser Rand Naperville is a repair center for the turbo machinery, reciprocating compressor, and steam turbines industry. Dresser repaired and manufactured components for its OEMs.

Manufacturing Engineer
Programmed using SmartCam Freeform Machining. Machined turbine blades for turbines and compressors.

Accomplishments:
The first facility to machine turbine blades, the first service center to utilize CNC machines for low volume one off components. Utilized Cadd and Cam to meet and exceed the job shop production schedule.

Oct 1986 DACO INC. Illinois
to Oct 1989 Daco is a contract machining facility for the automotive and agricultural industries. Part sizes range from 12” to 48” in diameter.

CNC Machinist
Ran production, setup machines, both mills and lathes.

Accomplishments:
Kept productions standards up, scrap was always low and had a high percentage of production output.

EDUCATION

BS Operation Management major – Devry 12-2017

Associate Degree in Science / Machine Technology, 1986
East Central Junior College

Electronics Technology major - DeVry Institute of Technology

Pre-engineering major - College of Dupage

References Available Upon Request
Contact this candidate