James C. (Jim) Sherrill, Jr.
Dallas, TX 214-***-**** ad2a32@r.postjobfree.com

Accomplished Operations Leader with 20+ years of manufacturing engineering experience in fabrication and assembly facilities. Proven success in startup and decommissioning facilities including equipment, staff, and MRP management. Prioritize safety through effective training programs that enforce OSHA guidelines. Leverage continuous improvement strategies to drive productivity and efficiency. Super User for SAP modules.
Professional Experience
Raytheon Missiles and Defense Dallas, TX
Value Stream Manager October 2017 - Present
● Lead the Machine Tool Maintenance (MTM) Group of 23 team members who install, repair, and maintain CNC machines, Additive machines, and CMM inspection equipment at two 24/7 facilities.
● Build and manage relationships and SOWs (statements of work) with vendors who provide technical expertise, warranty repairs, replacement parts, and software updates.
● Leverage the capabilities of SAP to manage purchasing, including creating purchase requisitions to generate blanket POs (purchase orders) used to process and fund vendor invoices.
● Manage staffing for Operations through effective HR and TA collaboration, Succession Planning, recruiting, hiring, and onboarding process of Machinists, Technicians, Finishers, Painters, Production Control, and Inspectors.
● Responsible for site closure, leading a team established to decommission factory equipment.
ABB Turbocharging Bolingbrook, IL
Operations Manager April 2016 - October 2017
● Led the start-up of an NPI turbocharger facility and oversaw recruiting, staffing, manufacturing engineering, production planning, SIOP order processing, supply chain, warehouse, and logistics.
● Ensured maximum productivity by designing the assembly line layout including equipment, TQM system, and staffing.
● Launched SAP implementation and mapped requirements for each factory function.
● Developed and executed a safety awareness program including training and published processes and procedures to define technical attributes and ensure regulatory compliance.
Aerostructures Contract Employees Dallas, TX
Lead Production Engineer June 2012 - April 2016
● Assigned to Vought Aircraft to lead a manufacturing team of engineers, tool planners, quality auditors, MRP/SIOP planners, and illustrators.
● Improved productivity through oversight of sheet metal, assembly, BOM (Bill of Materials), tooling, outsourcing, kitting, repair and reworks, spares, integration, processing, and shipping documents.
● Served as the SAP Super User for the MM and PP modules and led change management for engineering changes impacting suppliers and in-house operations.
● Served as Production Engineering project manager for Boeing 767 Tanker and 747-8 programs.
● Represented Production Engineering in Change Board negotiations and as the IPT lead.
● Managed recruiting, staffing, and onboarding for the Production Engineering group.

PDS Technical Services Dallas, TX
Lead Manufacturing Engineer March 2010 – June 2012
(On contract to: Bell Helicopter, Fort Worth, TX, Vought Aircraft, Dallas, TX, & The Boeing Company, Charleston, SC)
● SAP Super User for Manufacturing Engineering.
● Developed AOG (Aircraft on Ground), spares and aftermarket program, issued and scheduled modification, repair, and rework documents and expedited the appropriate BOM.
● Maintained 24/7 support on the shop floor to resolve any logistical or SIOP conflicts and provide technical guidance.
● Served as member of Lean Six Sigma action workouts and IPT implementation teams.
● Acted as Lead Production Engineer for the Northrop Grumman Global Hawk and Boeing 787 Dreamliner NPI programs.
● Managed domestic and international supplier issues and BOM shortages.

GE Healthcare Madison, WI
Manufacturing Engineering Manager April 2008 – March 2010
● Managed the manufacturing engineering staff dedicated to anesthesia machine NPIs.
● Collaborated with SQEs (Supplier Quality Engineers), establishing acceptance standards and resolving quality-related issues with plastic molded and other components.
● Led a staff of test engineers responsible for operating parameters and maintaining test fixture IQ/OQ/PQ qualifications, clean room operations, process procedures, and certifications.
● Recruited, staffed, and onboarded talent and maintained continual support on shop floor to provide technical guidance and facilitate alignment with production and quality targets.
● Managed resources to support VCP (Variable Cost Production) initiatives, CAPA processing/closure, and field actions/recalls.
Additional Experience
Northrop Grumman-Vought Aircraft Division Project Manufacturing Engineer
Lockheed Martin Production Planner
Core Competencies
Production Engineering, Manufacturing Operations, Productivity, Quality, Safety, Change Management, Continuous Improvement, NPI (New Product Introduction), Engineering Change Management, Supply Chain Management, BOM (Bill of Material) Management, Fiscal responsibility, Recruiting, Staffing and Onboarding
Education & Certifications
Master of Arts, Management, Human Resources, Dallas Baptist University
Bachelor of Arts and Science, Business and Organizational Behavior, Dallas Baptist University
Security Clearance, DoD Secret Clearance (Active)
SHRM-CP Certified
Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Certification
Lean Manufacturing Certified
OSHA Certified
Contact this candidate