Kourosh Hashemi-Nejad
ad2b0c@r.postjobfree.com
Aliso Viejo, CA
832-***-****

QUALIFICATIONS: Project Manager with solid track record of completing multi-million-dollar projects under budget, ahead of schedule with zero accidents. Managing FEL, detail engineering, procurement, construction and commissioning of multi-disciplined projects in the Oil & Gas, Refinery, Petrochemical and Cryogenic industries. Extensive international experience working with EPC, IPMT, PMC and owner companies.

WORK EXPERIENCE:

Project Manager, AMEC Foster Wheeler (Kuwait) 3/2018 – 10/2023

Project: 615,000 barrels/day refinery in Kuwait
oIn charge of Hydrogen Recovery/Production/Compression, Sour Water Stripper, Sulfur Recovery and Tail Gas Treating, Amine Regeneration, Sulfur Pelletizing/Conveying, flare and Sulfur Storage Units.
oPrepared the EPC bid package.
oResponded to bidders’ queries, held pre-tender meetings, and led the bid evaluation team.
oPrepared the conforming EPC contract, awarded and began the EPC phase.

Interface/Project/Proposal Manager, SK E&C (Houston, Texas) 10/2010 – 2/2018

Project: FEL and EPC LSTK (Lump Sum Turnkey) estimate to convert 7,200 stpd petroleum coke, using quench type gasifiers into syngas, methanol, hydrogen, sulfuric acid and 4.5 million tons/year CO2 capture, compression and sequestration for enhanced oil recovery in Lake Charles, Louisiana.
oCompiled the list of deliverables, man-hour estimate, and manpower loading/distribution.
oCoordinated the preparation of Project Execution Plan, level 1 schedule.
oInterfaced with licensors (GE, Air Products, Lurgi, Haldor Topsoe, UOP).
oReviewed the risk register and the final estimate in detail with Client.
oReduced the final estimate by 20% via optimization and value engineering.

Project: Three trains with a total capacity of 1,350,000 tons/year Polyethylene and Material Handling - FEL and EPC LSTK estimate in Egypt.
oMaterial Handling consisted of pelletizing, conveying, bagging and shipment.
oManaged and coordinated all technical, contractual and commercial activities among engineering disciplines, headquarter in Seoul, South Korea, the licensor Univation, and US/Korean Export-Import Banks.
oCompleted work 14,000 man-hours under budget, and 4.5 months ahead of schedule.
oThis was a joint partnership proposal with Linde and Petrofac.

Project: 300,000 barrels/day new refinery, FEL and EPC LSTK estimate in Ecuador
oProject consisted of Crude and Vacuum Distillation Units, Naphtha/Diesel/Kerosene Hydrotreating Units, Saturated Gas Unit, Hydrogen production Unit (Steam Reformer and Pressure Swing Adsorption, PSA) and Sulfur Recovery Unit, SRU, Claus Process.
oManaged and coordinated multi-discipline activities to ensure the project was executed in a safe, efficient, cost effective and timely manner.
oEnsured licensor and subcontractor deliverables and interfaces were in compliance with the contract, specifications and standards.
oManaged internal and external communications among the stakeholders.
oPlanned, directed, supervised and controlled the execution of all business, technical, fiscal and administrative functions of the project.
oNegotiated and resolved change orders to the contract.

Project: 7,500 tons coal to 18,000 barrels of gasoline/day in West Virginia.
Completed the proposal in 3 months. The final proposal estimate was $5.1 billion.
Managed and coordinated all engineering and estimating activities among the stakeholders in preparation of a 10% LSTK bid package.

Project Manager, Sipchem (Jubail, Saudi Arabia) 11/2004 – 8/2010

Project: 330,000 tons/year Vinyl Acetate Monomer (VAM) project.
oCompleted 4 months ahead of schedule, $42 million under the budget and zero accident in 10 million man-hours spent.
oManaged engineering, construction and commissioning with main responsibilities for HSE, QA/QC, budget, schedule, management of change, technical leadership, coordination, decision making, progress control and reports, presentation, interface with licensor, bids, negotiation, award and claims.

Project:1,250 kg/hr Gamma-Butyrolactone and 1,250 kg/hr N-Methyl-2-Pyrrolidone LSTK
335,000 tons/year, LSTK Carbon Monoxide Plant:
600,000 tons/year Ammonia Plant FEL project:

oA member of IPMT/owner team.
oPrepared ITB and established procedure for bid evaluation.
oResponded to bidders’ clarifications/queries. Evaluated bids, negotiated, prepared EPC/FEL contract package and awarded.
oReviewed and approved FEL design documents, monitored performance and conformance with the contract.

Sr. Project Engineer, Bechtel (China) 8/2003 – 9/2004

Project: New Olefin Complex:
oScheduled and facilitated HazOp sessions, prepared reports and closed out action items.
oCoordinated design activities for berth, offshore export facility and product storage tanks at port.

Sr. Project Engineer, Bechtel National Inc. (Richland, Washington) 5/2001 – 8/2003

Project: Department of Energy (DOE), 60 million gallons radioactive high-level waste vitrification project.
oDeveloped P&IDs and material requisitions for Autosampling and Canister Decontamination Handling systems.
oInvestigated integrity of the design, material of construction, corrosion protection, leak detection, installation and inspection of tanks that contained highly radioactive waste in inaccessible areas.

Facility Project Manager, Bechtel Telecom (Frederick, Maryland) 4/2000 – 5/2001

Project: $82 million project encompassing 8 data centers that housed telecom equipment as part of fiber optic network.
oCompleted 3 months ahead of schedule and $4.5 million under the budget.
oManaged design, construction and commissioning.
oEvaluated and acquired building sites.
oObtained city/county construction permits.
oManaged a multi-discipline team in preparing equipment layout, material requisitions and construction subcontract packages. Monitored and reported facilities progress.

Sr. Project Engineer, Bechtel Inc. (Houston, Texas) 7/1997 - 4/2000

Project: Department of Army (DOA) 2,000 tons mustard gas neutralization project:
oUpdated engineering procedures and design guides.
oResponded to client audits.
oPrepared staffing plans, design/contract/budget changes and progress reports.
Prepared and coordinated engineering and estimating activities for the following proposals in the Singapore office:
- 100,000 tons/year Toluene Diisocyanate (TDI) plant in Taiwan.
- 450,000 tons/year Polyethylene plant in Singapore.
- 160,000 tons/year Acrylic Acid plant in Malaysia.
- 150, 000 tons/year Poly Vinyl Chloride (PVC) plant in Malaysia.

Sr. Project Engineer, Air Liquide (Houston, Texas) 3/1995 - 7/1997

Project: $65 million, 770 tons/year Cryogenic Air Separation Plant in Kuwait.
oDeveloped equipment layout, equipment list, PFDs, P&IDs, staffing plan and man-hours distribution, design and quality control procedures, material requisitions, progress report and client interface.

Engineering Group Supervisor, Bechtel Inc. (Norwalk, California) 10/1988 - 9/1994

Mobil Refinery Clean Fuels Project: Implemented design changes in Naphtha Pretreater, Platinum Reformer and Hydrocracker units.
ARCO Los Angeles Refinery CARB (California Air Resources Board) Project: Implemented design changes in Benzene Saturation and Isomerization units.
Al-Tameer Project, Kuwait: Managed design, contract administration, field construction and progress for 18 new crude storage tanks. Developed P&IDs and material requisitions for 2 crude gathering centers export pumping stations, instrument and plant air system, offshore export facilities including replacement of 9 miles of 2-48” subsea pipelines.
Texaco Refinery - New Sulfur Recovery (Claus Process) and Tail Gas Treating units and modification of an existing Delayed Coking unit: Developed and coordinated process and design activities, planning, scheduling, procurement and construction.
Shell Refinery Risk Management and Prevention Program Project: Performed system investigation, hazard identification, HazOps, accident probability and consequences, risk determination and plume modeling.
Chevron El Segundo Refinery MTBE (Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether) Project: In charge of detail design, field engineering and construction.
Chevron Hawaiian Refinery Crude Unit Expansion Project: Updated P&IDs and prepared material requisition packages.

EDUCATION:

BS Chemical Engineering, University of California Berkeley, California USA
MBA in Finance and Banking, University of San Francisco, California USA

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS:

American Institute of Chemical Engineers - Member
Project Management Institute - Member
Contact this candidate