Abhijith Babu J.S.
(CM Iosh, Grad Iosh)
E-Mail: ad2b9w@r.postjobfree.com
Skype ID: abhijithbabu1983
Mobile: 009**-********
Qatar License

Objective

A suitable position as HSE Manager with a reputed organization where I can utilize my education and experience for the optimum growth of the organization as well as personal career growth.
PROFILE

Over 15 years (GCC) of experience across in Health, Safety and Environment in UAE & KUWAIT, QATAR.
Having B Tech in Civil (India).
Having Qatar license (Light vehicle)
KOC Approved HSE Manager.
AMERICAN SOCIETY OF SAFETY ENGINEERS (International Member).
OTHM Level -6 Diploma in occupational Health and Safety.
CMIOSH
IEMA foundation certificate in Environmental Management (pursuing).
Strong exposure and understanding of business strategy planning and implementation.
Preparation and filling of Regulatory requirements and documentation.
Devise and implement policies pertaining to Environment, Health & Safety.
Provide support to already implemented operational systems and ensure high system availability.
Planning and conducting audit to check the adherence to standards and also to rectify the Non conformities.
Manage and conduct training programs to all Employees and contractor staff pertaining to HSE standards.
Plan and implement Emergency Preparedness Plan and Risk Management procedures.
Initiate Awareness campaigns to create a difference to achieve Goals in the organization.
Device methodologies to give high visibility of HSE program to the Top management.
Leading and managing a team for effective implementation of the systems.
Excellent communication and people management skills.
Have excellent communication skills in English, Hindi, Tamil & Malayalam.
Ability to absorb technical knowledge quickly.
Possess demonstrated ability to work effectively and congenially with employees at diverse levels.
Highly motivated and adaptive with the ability to grasp things quickly and possesses excellent interpersonal, technical, communication skills and Presentation skills.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
- HSE - Team Leadership & Building
- Planning & Scheduling - Risk Assessment
- Compliance - Efficiency Improvements
ACADEMIC AND TECHNICAL QUALIFICATION

B Tech in Civil Engineering. (2004 – 2008, Regular)

HSE QUALIFICATION

OTHM Level -6 Diploma in occupational Health and Safety.
NEBOSH IGC.
OHSMS ISO 45001:2018
EMS ISO 14001:2015 IRCA/CQI.
Iosh Managing Safely.
Osha 30 hours’ outreach training certificate from US labour Dep.
Diploma in Fire and Safety Engineering
Train the Trainer- HABC Level 3

INTERNATIONAL MEMBER

Grad Iosh Membership.
AMERICAN SOCIETY OF SAFETY ENGINEERS (International Member).
ORGANISATIONAL DETAILS

HSE Manager Frijns Steel Construction Middle East W.L.L Sep 2020 – Till Date
Location: Doha, QATAR.
Period of work: Sep-2020 – Till Date.
Implementation of safety, heath, Security, environment policies & project Safety Plan.
Advising the management on HSSE related issues
Co-ordinate with Clients/ Consultants/ PMCs/ Local authorities for inspections.
To interact with the client and the contractor regarding the HSE issues.

HSSE Manager MALTAURO SPA Qatar. (ICGM) March 2018 – Sep 2020
Project: Accommodate Rafale Project (Z-304-01).
Client: Qatar Emiri Corps of Engineers, QAF.
Location: Al Udeid, QATAR.
Period of work: Mar -2018 – Sep 2020.
Responsibilities:
QAF (Qatar Armed Force) Approved HSE Manager,
Implementation of safety, heath, Security, environment policies & project Safety Plan.
Sub-contractor’s work area /camp inspection
Advising the management on HSSE related issues
Overall in charge in HSSE & Gate Pass System.
Co-ordinate with Clients/ Consultants/ Local authorities for inspections/ audits
Show a good personal example at all times.
Participates in sub-contractor’s co-ordination meetings.
Sub-contractor’s work area /camp inspection
Advising the management on HSE related issues.
Imparting training to employee and supervisors on HSE topics.
To interact with the client and the contractor regarding the HSE issues.
Record minutes of safety meeting and keep records of all activities.
Monitoring & reporting to the Cooperate General Manager on safety aspects of the project.
Review safety plans & procedures submitted by subcontractors and ensure that implementations are in compliance with it.

HSE Manager (KOC Approved) Dodsal Engineering & Construction Pie Limited Sep 2009 – Jan 2018
Project: Effluent Water Treatment & Injection Plant, PIPE LINE Project, Accommodation building.(4 floor Building)) Jahara
to Abdali Roads And Infrastructure.
Client: KOC ( Kuwait Oil Company),
Location: KUWAIT
Period of work: Sep -2014 – Jan 2018
Responsibilities:
Implementation of safety, heath, environment policies & project Safety Plan.
Monitoring & reporting to the Safety Manager on safety aspects of the project.
Ensure technical supervision for construction of roads and infrastructure activites such as excavation, trench, confined space, critical lifting, hot works, electrical works, vehicle movement etc, in connection with live roads, fowl water networks, tse network, Storm water network, portable water network, fire water network, electrical cabling, roads paving etc.
Co-ordinate with Clients/ Consultants/ PMCs/ Local authorities for inspections/ audits.
Conduct routine workplace HSE inspection with safety team & record it and bring out all non-rectified unsafe practices and condition into management attention.
Review safety plans & procedures submitted by subcontractors and ensure that implementations are in compliance with it.
Assist on preparation of hazard identification & risk assessment.
Participate in the tool box meeting conducted by sub-contractors for work forces by their respective supervisor / safety officer.
Issuing of work permits & Ensure PTW comply with the work site.
Design and create special training/ awareness programs for employees.
Accident/ incident investigation & prepare documents.
Conduct safety meeting for the sub-contractors along with the Consultant & management team.
Tool box talks have being conducted daily and any deviations that have been identified the previous day are projected in the meeting to avoid recurrence.
Discuss working methods with Supervisors, Foremen, Charge hands, etc. and where
Necessary the Company Technical/Safety Department and determine adequate Safe System of work.
Conduct meeting with sub contactor safety officers and review site walk down report and discuss site safe work method.
Tool box talks have being conducted daily and any deviations that have been identified the previous day are projected in the meeting to avoid recurrence.
Discuss working methods with Supervisors, Foremen, Charge hands, etc. and where
Necessary the Company Technical/Safety Department and determine adequate Safe System of work.
Ensure that no employees are exposed to any hazardous substances or environments without suitable and sufficient controls/protection being in place. Where these exist but are beyond the Company’s control, obtain documented evidence to ensure that the Client or the controller of the premises has carried out all necessary precautions before allowing work to proceed.
Conduct meeting with sub contactor safety officers and review site walk down report and discuss site safe work method.
Show a good personal example at all times.
Dy. HSE Manager (GASCO & ADCO Approved) Dodsal Engineering & Construction Pie Limited

Project: HABSHAN SULPHUR GRANULATION PLANT, PIPE Line AND Railway, (Madinat Zayed to Ruwais) ), ROAD E45 HIGH WAY.
( Abudhbi to Madinat Zayed)
Client: GASCO, ADCO
Location: Abu Dhabi, UAE
Period of work: Dec-2011– July-2014

Responsibilities:
Responsible for conducting daily Plant inspections to identify hazards, unsafe conditions and coordinating with supervisors for the compliance with safety objectives and procedures of the company.
Participate to Develop safety training courses and impart training courses to workforce.
Periodic Auditing/ Inspection of safety equipment’s/Tools /Electric machines etc. against validity /capacity / Proper Functionality
Act as emergency coordinator in case of emergency.
Assist to Conduct / Verify Risk assessment, Job safety analysis prior to the issue of Permit to work
Monitoring toolbox/safety talks on a regular basis and ensure that they are being conducted in a professional and capable manner
Carry out regular checks and validate permits to work where applicable.
Assist in controlling the areas where critical tasks are being undertaken, e.g. Work at Height, Heavy lifts etc.
Scaffolding Inspection.
Sub-contractor’s work area /camp inspection.
To interact with the client and the contractor regarding the HSE issues.
Record minutes of safety meeting and keep records of all activities.
Controlling the Permit System, Gas testing and Monitoring, Check Scaffolding and Scaffolding work activities, Inspection of Lifting Tools and Tackles to be critical and heavy lifting, Enforcing existing safety system such as risk assessment, Pre-work briefing for each activity and record keeping, Recommending various caution signs as per the job requirement and get it placed.
Checking the hygienic conditions at the work place, Inspection of Fire Extinguishers and record keeping, enforcing the system of reporting the incidents and accidents, Investigation of incidents and accidents along with the responsible team leader and recommending the preventive measure for avoiding the reoccurrence.
Accident, incident and near miss investigation and suggesting remedial measures to the management to prevent re occurrence, HSE induction as well as other safety training to the work-force,
Fire-fighting training to the workforce, Facilitate First-aid to the injured person, Co-ordination with the rescue team
Participates in sub-contractors co-ordination meetings.
Sub-contractor’s work area /camp inspection
Advising the management on HSE related issues.
Imparting training to employee and supervisors on HSE topics.
Auditing of permits.
Executing safety policies to all employees in the company.
Ensuring safety of man and materials
Show a good personal example at all times.

HSE Engineer Al Faraá Construction Group July.2008- Dec 2011
Project Worked : Ethihath Airways 5 towers
Client: ALDAR Properties.
Location : Abraj Al Raha, Abu Dhabi, U.A.E
Responsibilities
Involved in developing and maintaining the Health, Safety and Environment systems with the help of safety techniques and methods.
Advise on all HSE activities to operate HSE Management system with in the area of my jurisdiction
To control the provision of a safe and hygienic work environment for all company, contractors & employees
Assist the PMTs and consultants in investigating accidents & near misses in order to make it confirmed to prescribed procedures and useful recurrence.
Monitor emergency mock drills as an observer and advise the line staff on its proper exercise both in camps & worksites.
Arrange HSE training for employees as per requirements
Develop environmental awareness among the peoples
Educate all personnel to understand their HSE responsibilities.
Provide all assistance to projects to implement HSE plan and to bring up their HSE standards as contemplated in the contract
To impose penalty on projects based on seriousness of non conformances as per EHS regulation.
Follow up of safety regulations & requirement at site
Taking extra safety measures during any process such as welding / radiation / inspection and stack / piping fabrication etc
Show a good personal example at all time
Monitoring & ensuring safe work activities at site
Capable of establishing, implementing and monitoring health & safety policies & site procedures
Advising concerned departments about the unsafe condition and unsafe acts and measure the necessity for the effective control of personal injury.
Training

H2S
Supervision and Leadership
Management in HSES Etihad Airways
General Safety
Security Control and Monitoring
Environmental control and monitoring

Occupational Health
Behavior safety
Scaffolding Safety
Chemical Safety
Rigging and Lifting
Work at Height with 100% tie Off
Electrical Safety
Welding and Cutting

Heat Stress management
Confined Space Entry
Radiography
Gas Testing and Monitoring
PTW System (Permit to Work )
Task Safety Analysis
Oil spill Contingency training.
First Aid (valid for three years)

COMPUTER SKILLS
Ms Office.
Diploma in AutoCAD.
3d max.

PERSONAL DOSSIER

Date of Birth 14 May, 1983
Gender: Male
Nationality: Indian
Visa status: Residence
Passport No: L9921409
License: Qatar, India
Languages known: English, Hindi, Malayalam, Tamil
Abhijith Babu J.S
Contact this candidate