CURRICULUM VITAE'

I. PERSONAL DATA
Name : Claude M. Haygood, Jr.
Profession : Registered Architect (License No. 9504)
Nationality : Filipino
Affiliation : UAP (United Architects of the Philippines, Member)
Date of Birth : 02 February 1960
Place of Birth : Manila, Philippines
Civil Status : Separated
Height : 178 cm. (5' 8")
Weight : 82 kg. (176 lbs.)
Postal Address : 80 2nd Street, Countryside Village, Sta. Lucia,
Pasig City, Philippines
Home Tel. No. : 006***-*******
E-mail Address : ad2ecr@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile No. : 0063-969-***-****

II. EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
College : B.S. Architecture, Diploma, 1987
Technological Institute of the Philippines
Manila, Phils. (1982-1987)
: General Engineering-Mapua Institute of Technology
Manila, Phils. (1976-1978)

: General Engineering-Rizal Technological Colleges
Pasig City, Phils. (1979-1981)

: Board Exams For Architects, Passed May 1988
Manila, Phils.

High School : Graduate, Diploma, 1976
Pasig Catholic College
Pasig City, Phils.
Elementary : Graduate, Diploma, 1972
Pasig Catholic College
Pasig City, Phils.

III. EMPLOYMENT HISTORY (From Latest)
Company : Saudi British Bank (SABB)
Saudi Hollandi Bank (SHB)
Premises Department
P.O. Box 1467, Riyadh, 11467
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia

Inclusive Dates : December 2003 – May 2022

Position : Asst. Project Manager – Central Region

Job Description : Project management of all Central region Branches, ATM
projects and other upgrading works, from the Inception
to Completion of the projects

: Coordination with Consultants and Contractors for all
Projects under their respective responsibilities

: Responsible for the continuous design improvements of
Bank façade, signage, other Bank standards

: Liase with all Suppliers for all CA Branch requirements

: All other Descriptions as mentioned in Saudi American
Bank below

Projects Completed : SABB H.O. Staff / Customers External Parking
SABB Rawdah Branch Upgrade
SHB H.O. Branch Building Facelift
SHB Al Waha Building Renovation
SHB North Ring Rd. new Branch Building
SABB new H.O. 14-Storey Building with Carpark Building
SABB Sitteen Branch Upgrade
SABB Al-Kharj new Branch Building
SABB Takhassusi Branch Upgrade
Other new Branch Buildings within the Central Area
Other Branch Upgrade Works within the Central area

Company : International Hospital of Bahrain (IHB)
Development Dept.
P.O. Box 1084, Manama
Kingdom of Bahrain

Inclusive Dates : June 1999 - Sept. 2002

Position : Resident Architect

Job Description : Master planner of the Hospital Expansion Project

: Prepare complete Facility Master Plan for the
Expansion Project, based on its requirements

: Hands-on operation of Auto-Cadd program

: Modify Security and Fire Alarm systems of the existing
Hospital, based on International standards

: In-charge of the Design and Supervision of all Project
and Architectural-related works of the Hospital pre-
mises, various compounds and accommodations

: In-charge of various renovation works of the Hospital,
housing compounds and accommodations

: Coordinate with the Maintenance Manager and the
Safety and Security Officer for any/all related works

Company : Saudi American Bank (SAMBA)
Premises Department
P.O. Box 833, Riyadh, 11421
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia

Inclusive Dates : September 1988 - July 1998

Position : Premises Engineer - Central Region

Job Description : Responsible for the Design and Supervision of Bank projects like branches, staff compounds/housings,
Carpark buildings, Clubhouse and other facilities, to
include Project management

: Worked as Materials Controller, Safety Officer and
Procurement Officer during my stay with the Bank

: Prepare complete Work Bid Tender and Contract
Documents, as well as Technical documentations

: Prepare and implement various Construction
Programs

: Regularly coordinate with the Consultants, different
Suppliers and Contractors, in handling all project- related matters and issues

: Handle all In-House projects, i.e., SAMBA Building
renovations, Department relocations, Furniture con-
figurations, construction of offsite ATM vestibules
and Drive-up locations kingdomwide, within the
approved budget and timetable

: Review all Bill of Quantities, General Conditions of
Contract and Material Specifications, prepared and submitted by Consultants/Contractors

: Conduct regular ocular inspections for all on-going
and prospective projects kingdomwide

: Schedule tasks, manage Resources and generate
Reports for analysis and presentation

: Generate Construction Project Management (CPM)
reports on the computer, as well as accomplishment
and Progress reports

: Implement and complete all assigned projects on
time, within the budgetary limits and in accordance
with technical performance requirements

: Prepare Bar charts showing status of all the different
works disciplines, comparing the proposed and actual
Implementation works

: Estimate time, manpower and equipment requirements
of a given Project, for Management review/Approvals

: Prepare miscellaneous site requirements, as per Bank
standards, prior to official public opening, i.e., Contracts
for cleaning, Tea and coffee services, specialized and day-to-day Maintenance services

: Hands-on operation of Autocadd system (Arch'l and Civil)
programs, including supervision of one full-time Autocadd
operator

: Forecast and monitor all Project construction Budget and
Cost of the works

: Review and recommend all submitted plans and drawings
by Contractors and Consultants

: Monitor Design works and updating all design info
in Autocadd, as required

: Conduct Quality Control and assurance works to all
Projects, to ensure their compliance to standards

: Ensure smooth and timely Completion of all Branch
Projects, according to the approved timetable

: Prepare Construction cost estimates on all required
materials, manpower and equipment

: Conduct Preliminary and Final Handover of Site
inspections for all projects, prior to release of claims
by Contractors, with the preparation of respective
Certificates included

: Knowledge in the operation of the following:
- MS Words
- MS Excel
- MS Powerpoint
- Autocadd

: Worked as Maintenance Engineer during the last 03
years stay with the Bank

Projects Completed : SHB H.O. Staff / Customers Parking Building
SHB Rawdah new Branch
SHB H.O. Building Floors Renovation
SHB Al Waha new Building
SHB East Ring Rd. new Branch Building
SHB new Rayyan Branch Building
SHB Malaz Branch Upgrade
SHB Tabuk new Branch Building
SHB Takhassusi Branch Upgrade
Other new Branch Buildings within the Central Area
Other Branch Upgrade Works within the Central area

Company : Metal Forming Corporation (MFC)
Research and Development (R&D) Dept.
Relliance St., Mandaluyong City, Phils.

Inclusive Dates : October 1986 - June 1988

Position : Technical Asst. to the Managing Director (MD)

Job Description : Design and Development of the different forms of pre-
painted metal panels for roofs, sidings and ceilings

: Technical coordination for Guam and Saipan-based
Projects, until their full completion

: Handling all Research and Development activities of
the company

: Site supervision of various Projects in metro-Manila
and the remote areas

: Conducting periodic site inspection visits to various
Construction projects in Clark Air Force and Subic
Naval bases, located north of Manila

: Assistance to the Managing Director in all Technical
aspects of the projects

Projects Completed : Subic Naval Base Housing Project
Aircraft Hangar in Airport Road
Various Residential and Commercial Building Roofing

IV. SEMINARS ATTENDED
Subject : French Know-how in Designing, Building and
Managing a General Hospital
Sheraton Hotel, Manama, Bahrain
April, 2001

Subject : 25th UAP National Convention
Manila Hotel, Manila, Phils.
April, 1999

Subject : Technical Presentations
Manila Hotel, Manila, Phils.
April, 1999

Subject : Climate Design for Architects
: Pride Place
: Philippine Architecture in Year 2000
Manila Hotel, Manila, Phils.
April, 1999

Subject : Effective Technical Communications for Architects
: Regional Business Development for an
Architectural Practice
: Trends in Urban Waterfront Development
Manila Hotel, Manila, Phils.
April, 1999

Subject : Structures in Architecture : Philippines Setting
: Basic Quantity Surveying
: Global Trends and Revolutionary Ideas in Planning
and Architecture
Manila Hotel, Manila, Phils.
April, 1999

Subject : Climate Design for Architects
: Design : The Competitive Edge
Manila Hotel, Manila, Phils.
April, 1999

Subject : Geographic Information System
: Design : The Competitive Edge
Manila Hotel, Manila, Phils.
April, 1999

Subject : Computer-Aided Design and Drafting (CADD)
Quality Computer Systems, Inc., Quezon City, Phils.
October, 1998

Subject : Value Engineering and Life Cycle Costing
Saudi Projacs Projects & Construction Co., Ltd.
P.O. Box 93401, Riyadh, KSA
June, 1998

Subject : Improving Supervisory Skills
Saudi Projacs Projects & Construction Co., Ltd.
P.O. Box 93401, Riyadh, KSA
April, 1998

Subject : Fire Wardens and First-Aid Training
Center for Banking and Finance
Hyatt Regency Hotel, Riyadh, KSA
September, 1997

Subject : Security and Safety Awareness Seminar
Saudi American Bank, Head Office Building
Riyadh, KSA
August, 1996

Subject : Fire and Safety Course
Center for Banking and Finance
Hyatt Regency Hotel, Riyadh, KSA
May, 1994

Subject : Time Management
Center for Banking and Finance
Hyatt Regency Hotel, Riyadh, KSA
January, 1993

Subject : Introduction to Quality
Airport Hotel, Riyadh, KSA
February, 2004

Subject : Green Architecture
: Leadership in Energy & Environmental Design
Value Engineering
Sustainable Mechanical Systems
Al-Mutlaq Hotel, Riyadh, KSA
October, 2011

Subject : Designing Cafes in Middle-East
: Aquarium Hotel, Riyadh, KSA
February, 2018

Subject : Project Planning & Scheduling Technical
Workshop using PRIMAVERA P6
: Aquarium Hotel, Riyadh, KSA
September, 2018

Subject : General Membership Meeting
Unity, Ability, Continuity of Service
Strength, Solidarity, Courage
: Int’l Philippine School, Riyadh, KSA
November, 2018

Subject : 2nd General Membership Meeting
United, Able, Proactive
: Family Day Resort, Riyadh, KSA
August, 2019

V. REFERENCES
Name : Joel Mendoza
Position : Acad Operator
Company : SABB Bank, Riyadh, K.S.A.
Tel. No. : (0096659) 6196542

Name : Eckart Gayeta
Position : Bank Staff
Company : SABB Bank, Riyadh, K.S.A.
Tel. No. : (0096655) 6030453

Name : Resty Leonida
Position : Contractor
Company : Free-lancer, Phils.
Tel. No. : (0063997) 4963077

Name : Chiqui Buenviaje
Position : Businesswoman
Company : Free-lancer, Phils.
Tel. No. : (0063909) 2635290
Contact this candidate