Mirza Imran Baig
“ad2j9g@r.postjobfree.com” or
“ad2j9g@r.postjobfree.com”
Cell No: +1-469-***-****

Summary of my job Profile:
I am foreign qualified Petroleum Engineer with 27 years’ experience of working in the oil and gas sector in five different Companies. I have a diversified experience in Drilling & Well Engineering, Workover Operations, Well Completion, Well Testing and Production Optimization.

I have worked for Union Texas, Arco/Amoco, British Petroleum (BP), United Energy Pakistan Limited (UEPL) & Pakistan Petroleum Limited as a Head of Drilling, looking after Drilling Operations with 29 operating concessions and 19 Joint Venture concessions along with Iraq concession. With the operating budget of $650 Million.

Working with Reputable International Companies have polished my technical & operations skills, I have worked with people from many nationalities and gained extensive experience in developing leadership skills, team building and development skills. Some of my Key skills are highlighted below:

Excellent communication skill and can operate at the highest-level drawing upon my experience of working with top level executives in PPL, BP, UEPL and Union Texas.

Strong performance management understanding, which is a key skillset in any organization. I have extensive operations experience, which is a key facet for the Management position.

I have very good understanding of the oil and gas operations, which is a key requirement to convert drilling/production function from a corporate function looking after basic and routine matters to a full fledge growing company.

Very good understanding of the international best practices for drilling and production function in the E&P industry.

Over the past five years that I have been associated with PPL, I have brought significant changes in the working philosophy of Drilling /Production departments. My contribution for Drilling Department is Remarkable, I have built a good Drilling Team, Gel U
p the Exploration, Land, Procurement, Construction and Drilling & Well Engineering Department to meet the Company’s Targets. I have built the technical & commercial processes to achieve the company goals.

I have worked as a Team Leader on several different Management Positions as follows:
* Head of Drilling Operations: --- Pakistan Petroleum Limited, PPL
* Senior Manager Drilling Operations: --- United Energy Pakistan, UEPL
* Drilling & Completions Well Engineering Manager: --- United Energy Pakistan, UEPL
* Senior Engineering Manager: --- British Petroleum, BP
* Drilling & Completions Engineering Team Lead: --- British Petroleum, BP
* Well Engineering Team Leader: --- British Petroleum, BP
* Senior Drilling Engineer: --- British Petroleum, BP
* Senior Production Engineer: --- Union Texas Pakistan, UTP
* Work over & Completion Engineer: --- Union Texas Pakistan, UTP.
* Senior Completion Engineer: --- Baker Oil Tools.

BP Sharjah Drilling Project,
In 2004, I had the opportunity to drill multilateral wells in existing Saaja field. Under my supervision several Saaja wells were drilled successfully, which had increased the Saaja field production many folds.

As a Drilling Team Leader, always have closed coordination with Exploration, Reservoir, Finance, Procurement & Construction Teams.
Extensive experience of well designing in different/ varying geological conditions.
As a drilling team lead, have supervised and managed 14 drilling Rigs operations successfully. Trouble shooting and saved cost of challenging wells.
Managed to complete most challenging deep HPHT Wells.
Involved in planning and execution of all aspects of the drilling operations.
Always worked closely with cross functional teams to optimise all facets of drilling operations.
Proficient in making estimates for capital budgets & AFEs.
Strong technical background with the ability to design and implement well programs.
Strong interpersonal, communication and leadership skills for interfacing with all levels of the organization.
Self-motivated, well organized, creative and results oriented.
Always keep me\yself familiarise with new developments in technology to maximize drilling advantages.

MY RESUME FOR YOUR REVIW

Mirza Imran Baig
Phone: 469-***-****
Email: “ad2j9g@r.postjobfree.com” my second email is “ad2j9g@r.postjobfree.com”
Garland, Dallas Tx,

Out of the box thinker and dedicated engineering professional, I have achieved numerous progressions into roles of progressive responsibilities. As a net result, I bring with me to implement aggressive drilling plans, identify key bottlenecks in existing procedures and provide mentorship to senior management. I have extensive field and office experience drilling HTHP, unconventional resources, horizontals and problematic wells in all basins.

Education:
Bachelor of Science
Degree: Petroleum Engineering, University of Tulsa, Oklahoma USA December 1989

Experience:

Pakistan Petroleum Limited:
Head of Drilling: Jan 2015 to Jan 2020.
Co-ordinated pre-well planning with appropriate exploration and engineering staffs to ensure that drilling/workover programs optimize cost and operational objectives. Developed & approved drilling / workover programs that are properly researched, thoroughly documented, cost effective and technically sound.
Liaison with corporate planning to ensure all drilling activities are performed in line with company targets
Preparation, control and administration of budgets, contracts and projects
Development and management of optimization in drilling projects.
Lead a “special projects” team to implement change of management in PPL to shift from 3-4 rigs operation to 14 rigs operation
Trained engineers, lead contractors and solve engineering problems that arise during drilling
Ensured that drilling activities are in continual compliance with its HSE Management System - Facilitate, conduct HSE Risk Assessment for the drilling activities in liaison with the concerned departments
Worked as emergency controller in case of any emergency with rigs
Managed and assessed staff progress and recommend newer methods through researching markets and government guidelines
Assist and supervised drilling team and production personnel to execute well designs and drill well in a cost-effective way

United Energy Pakistan Limited:
Senior Manager Drilling: 2012 to 2015
Provided meaningful supervision, direction, leadership and training to office and field staff.
Co-ordinated pre-well planning with appropriate exploration and engineering staffs to ensure that drilling/workover programs optimize cost and operational objectives. Developed & approved drilling / workover programs that are thoroughly documented, cost effective.
Ensured that drilling personnel/operations are in strict compliance with applicable health, safety, environmental and regulatory policies which will require frequent drill site inspections and that all drilling/workover activities are conducted in strict compliance with UEP’s policies and guidelines.
Reviewed and approve all drilling/workover invoices and ensure that costs are being accurately accrued on daily reports.
Ensured that all reports generated by the Drilling Group are complete, accurate, thoroughly reviewed.
Co-ordinated drilling related activities of onsite supervisors, materials supervisor, contractors and vendors.
Provided mentorship to senior engineers as part of UEP’s Leadership Initiative Program
United Energy Pakistan Limited:
Drilling & Completions Well Engineering Manager: 2011 to 2012
Monitored daily drilling/workover operations including progress reports, cost control and equipment service. Provided technical advice and on-site assistance if well condition demands. Co-ordinated with Exploration, Construction, and Production departments during pre-well planning and during the drilling/workover operations.
Provided meaningful supervision, direction, leadership, and training the drilling engineer.
Familiarized with all specific supervisory responsibilities that are set out in HSE Standards, Codes of Practice and Procedures.
Responsible for tubular requirements, placing orders according to engineering designs and ensures that all equipment required to complete drilling/workover projects is available.
Performed additional responsibilities of Mines Manager and liaises with Chief Inspector of Mines (Government of Pakistan) and Director General of Petroleum and Concession regarding Well Commencement /Miscellaneous Notices and safety guideline and procedures also ensure that Mine acts are followed in strict adherence to the rules set by the Government of Pakistan.
Relieved the Senior Manager Drilling as and when required.

BP Pakistan Inc: Engineering Manager: 2010-2011
Drilling & Completions Engineering Team Lead: 2008 to 2010
Provided technical assurance to the operations.
Key participation in contractor and service industry relationships and accountabilities.
Coached and develop drilling and completion engineering and operations staff, with a emphasis on developing operational staff.
Responsible for developing and implementing a drilling plan that ensures the safety of all individuals and assets in drilling operations.
Developed and performed a key role in Emergency Response Plans.
Reviewed incident investigations report and document Lessons learned.
Encourage use of new technologies to continually improve value of the drilling projects.
Ensure processes and resources are in place for optimal delivery of the drilling program.
Implement cost effective technical recommendations.

BP Pakistan Inc:
Senior Engineer Drilling: 2000 to 2008
Performed job duties in accordance with the Standards, Codes of Practice, and Procedures set forth in the BPP HSE Program.
Responsible for critical equipment inventories for bits, casing, Drilling equipment min/max levels, service company equipment inventories. For Drilling and Rig related Workover operations.
Ensured all technical input into Equipment specifications are aligned with BP policies and industry standards.
Provided technical support to Management for drilling and workover issues.
Liaison with Supply Chain Management team members in order to effect long term planning of wells and procurement of long lead items.
Ensured that all risks are identified and managed to assure drilling operational integrity.
Provided assurance of technical integrity for drilling programmes and amendments.
Quality check AFE preparation, cost tracking and AFE close-out.
Worked as a fully integrated member of the Drilling Team.
Interfaced and work with the other Department members of the Wells Team.
Reviewed technical bid evaluation and service company contracts.
Initiated and Coordinated appropriate drilling technical studies.
Reported progress and discussed ongoing work program and issues with the Senior Drilling Manager
Reviewed Drilling Programs and procedures for drilling operations.
Supervised contractor services in improving job quality concerned with Mud Engineering, Fishing, Directional Drilling, and Casing Cementing Operations.
Achieved health, Safety and environmental performance excellence.
Provided quality engineered and innovative solutions.
Planned development wells with quality targets consistent with benchmarked performance, while maintaining technical and operational integrity.
Compared and finalize pre and post analysis of drilling operations with specific conclusions and recommendations for improvement.
Responsible for Drilling cost reconciliation and filling of Completion Notice and supplement AFE per Department guidelines

Union Texas Pakistan:
Senior Production Engineer 1998 to 2000
Developed rig less procedures for several wells e.g. acid stimulation, perforation jobs, slick line, fishing etc
Run Nodal Analysis to analyse well potentials and enhance the production of the well
Implement artificial left of wells using jet pumps
Provided on site supervision for completion of oil and gas wells
Forecasted all downhole completion equipment for extensive drilling and workover program

Union Texas Pakistan:
Workovers & Completions Engineer: 1995 to 1998

Baker Oil Tools:
Senior Completions Engineer: 1990 to 1995

Technical Courses:
Down hole Completion Equipment by Baker Oil Tools, Dubai.
Gas Lift Design and its Optimization by Rike Services. Islamabad.
Repair and Redress of Baker Oil Tools Equipment, Lafayette, Louis. USA.
Jet Pumps, Hydraulic Pumping System by Trico Industries.
Liner Hanger Course by Baker Oil Tools, Dubai.
Completion, Workovers & Fishing, Houston Texas, USA.
Geophysics for Engineers by OGCI.
Reservoir Management, by OGCI
Technical Writing for Engineers by Rike Services.
Loss Management by Union Texas Pakistan Inc.
New Oils in Old fields,by OGCI.
Matrix Acidizing, Schlumberger.
Well Control school, IWCF, from Aberdeen, UK.
Coil Tubing, Dowell, Notingham, UK.
Well Stimulation, Dowell, Notingham, UK.
Borehole Survey, by Baker Hughes.
Operation Excellence Simulator Workshop, BP Pakistan.
First Level Leaders Training, by BP Exploration and Production.
Well Integrity School, by BP Exploration and Production Inc.
Drilling Practices, OGCI, Dubai UAE.
Drill bits recognition training course, by Hughes Christensen.
Safety Observations and Conversations for Leaders, by BP Pakistan.
Windows’95 by Microsoft.
MS-Word, MS-Excel & MS-Outlook 97 by Microsoft.

There is long list of Leadership courses which I have completed, while working in top management of BP, UEPL and PPL

Honors and Awards
UEP Employee Recognition Award – “Implementing well services contract over $30 million and saving ~ $ 5 million to the company”
BP Employee Recognition Award – “Contractor Safety Management”
BP Employee Recognition Award – “Drilling Excellence in Jabo-14”
Spot Recognition Award for comprehensive technical skills for performing the Radial Drilling Operations (BP).
ERA for Excellent Planning for Drilling Bukhari Deep-2 Well (from British Petroleum)
ERA for Ordering the wellhead equipment saving $400,000 Dollars (BP).
ERA, Managing to Drill South Mazari-8 well in 6 days (British Petroleum).
ERA for Excellent contribution towards Safety (BP).
Recognition Award to recognize outstanding contribution towards contractor HSE
Management System.
Outstanding Achievement of 20 million men hours of continuous operation without a day away from work (DAFWC).
ERA, Outstanding Contribution to success of the organization (BP)
ERA, Engineering analysis, ideas, Engineering Skills to design the use of TCP guns to increase production (Union Texas Pakistan).

Presentations and Invited Lectures:
Paper Presentation, “Jet Pump Completions,” Annual Technical Conference, 2000.
All Original documents can be provided on request by the reviewing panel.
Contact this candidate