Michael A. Tardie ad2qus@r.postjobfree.com
Lunenburg, MA 01462 978-***-****
ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL
Innovative, hands on engineering professional with an extraordinary blend of leadership, business, and manufacturing industry expertise. Recognized for keen ability to improve component designs and increase efficiency while managing several projects simultaneously, from conception through to completion, project sizes up to $20 million. Ability to mentor and motivate global cross functional teams to enhance strategic goals, milestones and bottom-line objectives. Highly motivated, analytical problem solver with the ability to uncover the root cause of an issue and resolve complex engineering and technical problems. Solid communicator, written and verbal, with superior customer skills.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Program/Project
Management
Strategic Planning
Management of Global, Multi-
Cultural Engineering Teams
Budget Preparation
and Management
Proposal Development
and Presentation
Root Cause Analysis,
FEA Analysis
Customer & Vendor
Relations/Negotiations
Field Installations Compliance Management
AutoCAD, Inventor and
Solidworks
Engineering Application Design
and Development
Employee Training
and Development
EXPERIENCE
VALMET (formerly GLV, Beloit Corporation, IMPCO), Nashua NH 1995-2003 Engineering Manager, Pulp and Energy North America Manage all aspects of twenty-four (24) member engineering team at four (4) sites in North America. Full product responsibility for over three dozen products, maintenance and security of database consisting of over 750,000 drawings, integration with in-house drafting support and manufacturing services in India, innovation of six (6) new products and overall responsibility for product safety. Key Accomplishments:
Designed and implemented Access based engineering management tool that improves and reports engineering performance.
Designed and implemented system to standardize checking of engineering designs, index engineering standards, and train new product engineers.
Led engineering effort to design revolutionary replacement vacuum washer component which improves maintenance and cost of 60 year old product line, Project achievements include:
• Estimated 15% cost reduction
• Improved equipment performance
• Significant competitive edge in marketplace.
Designed revolutionary Refiner Retro-Fit which resulted in $1 million in sales in 9 months, 25% energy consumption reduction, 300% improvement in wearable component life. 2011- 2023
Michael A. Tardie ad2qus@r.postjobfree.com Page 2 of 2
Successfully integrated engineering for acquisition of TamPulping products into Nashua based engineering group. Integration included standardization of product offering, development of new complimentary products, and resolution of challenging installations.
Trained, mentored and coached team members, tracked team progress and performance, created and conducted annual performance reviews, set goals and objectives
Developed, implemented and maintained engineering and quality standards across North American Repair/Rebuild Facilities for all Pulping Products, standardized and ensured compliance of 6 repair/rebuild facilities in NA, resulted in receipt of ISO certification TRIPYRAMID STRUCTURES, Westford, MA 2003-2011
Senior Engineer/Project Manager
Manage all aspects of architectural projects ranging in size from $2,000-$3 million to include, concept, initial bid/proposal, drafting, engineering, procurement, bill of materials, manufacturing, quality/testing, shipping, field/installation support and financial reconciliation. Key Accomplishments:
Project Management to include budget preparation, scheduling, engineering and creating precise detailed dimension layouts for some of the most intricate and technologically advanced, award winning architectural structures in the world.
Cultivate and foster solid working relationships with customers, project managers, architects and structural engineers to produce workable concepts, detailed shop drawings with precise tolerances, as well as, establish production and delivery schedules
Managed projects to include, detailed drawings, design assist, manufacturing, delivery and installation of highly intricate components for 6 Apple Flagship Stores with 100% on time delivery and 100% quality product, exceeded all customer and project expectations
Research, analyze and recommend solutions to complex engineering and technical issues, structural integrity testing, mechanical testing, load testing and implement design modifications as required
Source and analyze new, exotic materials and manufacturing technologies, replaced high priced duplex stainless steel with an alternative duplex stainless steel with identical mechanical properties, resulted in 33% cost saving on materials
Design creative solutions which realize the architect’s rough sketch vision, custom connection detailing
Work closely with vendors to develop the most cost effective and workable solutions for complex fabrications and machining of components.
AWARDS
Patents:
Patent No: US10076716 Pinned Flyring For Rotary Drum Washer and Method of Manufacture
Patent No: US10035088 Rotary Drum Filtering Apparatus
Patent No: US11275871 Systems and Methods for Modifying CAD Files EDUCATION
University of Maine at Orono - Orono, ME
Bachelors of Science, Mechanical Engineering
Contact this candidate