Resume Waqas
WAQAS DAR
Manager Engineering & Design
+923********* ad2x1j@r.postjobfree.com Lahore, Pakistan PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Results-driven, highly accomplished, and focused engineer working as Engineering & Design Manager with 17+ years of experience in technical design and management. As Manager Engineering and design I am responsible for ensuring technical design of boilers, HRSG’S, heaters, exchangers,separators, vessels and FEED studies with help of very effective team of engineers and engineering tools / software s.
My co-workers define myself as a pleasant personal who is open to team discussions and share credit together.
KEY SKILLS
Process Design & Engineering
Feed and feasibility studies for power plants
Project Management
Project Engineering
Strategic Sales Plan
Team Leadership
Client Technical Support
EXPERIENCE
Descon Engineering. Ltd (Oct 2016 – Till Date)
Manager Engineering/Design
Managing the team of process Engineers, drafting & mechanical engineers to ensure the on time delivery of technical proposal for bid submission of power boilers and process equipment.
All design and development activities defined and planed as per contract and purchase order.
Feed and feasibility studies of power plants and sugar sector etc.
Effective communication channel and interface among different departments, client, and main stakeholders.
Conducting the technical training session for fresh engineers.
Development of market strategy for future business generation.
Client and vendor negotiations and meetings regarding projects.
Boiler and power plants design through PPSD .
Two phase & three Phase separator design
Heat Exchangers design thorough HTRI.
Resume Waqas
Major Projects done for Oil & Gas / Polymer Sector
Kot Addu Power plant: 24 No’s Shell & tube heat exchangers and piping design and installation (2014).
John Zink UAE: design and detail engineering of blow down and feed water tanks. (2015)
Parco refinery (UOP): Hydraulics of condensate and crude distillation plant. 2017
Etihad Power plant: Hydraulics for boiler piping area. 2017.
Abu Dhabi Polymer Company (Borouge): Project is modifications and additions in existing plant. As lead design for this project, I did managed to perform all design activities until its completion. Major Projects of Power Sector
Almoiz sugar Mills Limited: 2X80 TPH, 65 barg boilers for bagasse and HFO firing. (2008) D.I khan Pakistan.
Adam Sugar Mills : 1 X 120 TPH, 27 bar boiler for bagasse Firing.(2011) Chistian, Pakistan
JDW sugar Mills Limited: 1X 160 TPH, 67 bars & 485 C Bagasse Fired boiler (2012). Rahim yaar khan, Pakistan.
Yunus Textile Mills Limited: 1 X17 TPH saturated steam coal fired travelling grate boiler. (2012) Karachi, Pakistan.
Shahtaj Sugar Mills Limited: 1X140 TPH, 66 bar & 485 C Bagasse fired boiler (2012). Mandibahudin, Pakistan
RYK Sugar Mills: 1X140 TPH, 66 bar & 485 C Bagasse fired boiler (2012). Rahim Yaar Khan, Pakistan
Unicol Industries Limited: 1 X 40 TPH, 60 Bara, 500C Bagasse and biogas fired boiler. (2013) Sindh Pakistan.
Almoiz Sugar Mills: 1 X 84 TPH 65bar & 485 Bagasse fired boiler (2014). Mianwali, Pakistan
Fauji Fertilizers: 3 X 140 TPH, 115 bar CFB boilers for coal, off gas and Natural gas (2014).
Karachi Electric: 2 X 10 MW combined cycle waste heat recovery power plant including all auxiliaries.
CPECC Iraq : 4 X 70 TPH boilers and complete water system for gas plant in Halfaya, Iraq. 2021
PepsiCo International : 06 TPH 14 Barg FTB with fully automatic control, Multan 2022 Descon Engineering Ltd. (Apr 2012 – Oct 2016)
I/C Project / Process
Thermal design of the HP boilers, heat exchangers, separators according to specific design code requirement.
Involved in preparation of specifications, data sheets, scope of work from design stage.
Involved in approval of various mechanical and thermal sizing calculations for boiler and boiler auxiliaries like fans, mills, air-preheater, Electrostatic Precipitator (ESP) turbine and turbine auxiliaries like Boiler Feed Pump (BFP) and Condensate Extraction Pump (CEP), condenser, HP heaters, LP heaters, vacuum pumps etc.
Thermal rating of heat exchangers, sizing of separators, thermal oil heaters. Descon Engineering Ltd. (Sep 2010 – Apr 2012)
Commissioning Engineer
Prepare Study Report for the loop testing, DCS system as a design basis of the project
Development and implementation of PFDs, P&IDs
Chemical cleaning of the system as pre- commissioning.
Steam blowing, line cleaning, Pumps, Fans and valves operational checks.
Implementing the startup procedure, checking the water purity, instrumentation, and control checking.
Boiler and all the system handover to client after successful startup and meeting performance parameters.
Resume Waqas
Descon Engineering Ltd (Aug 2007 – Sep 2010)
Process Design Engineer
Perform calculations necessary to support technology selection and equipment sizing in the area of boiler pressure part design, combustion system sizing and auxiliary equipment selection.
PFD and P&ID diagrams
Identifying and technical vetting of valves, pumps and other instruments for proposals and projects. Pepsi Cola (Jan 2006 – Jan 2007)
Process/Quality Engineer
Responsible for the manufacturing process including development or improvement of existing process, method and sequences of operations to maximize profitability and productivity.
Responsible of material checking, handling and scheduling of plan.
Investigated Design and Plant problems to maximize the production and minimize the cost.
Investigation of quality of CO2 gases which are the main asset of beverage production through different scientific Equipment’s.
Quality Checking in Laboratory about Brix, Inversions and gas volume mainly. EDUCATION
Executive Master’s in Business Administration (Dec 2010 – Mar 2012) Project Management
Preston University Lahore
B.Sc Chemical Engineering (Jan 2002 – Dec 2005)
University of Engineering & Technology, Lahore
PROFESSIONAL WORKSHOPS & TRAININGS
Professional certification in “Process Piping Design, Layout & Stress Analysis “under Technical up gradation and skill Development Company (TUSDEC) Pakistan.
Professional training certification on “Power plant Simulator & Design “from KED held at Dubai, UAE.
Boilers, HRSG’s from renewable energy resources and alternative solar power solutions training from “EckrohrKessel Kessel GMBH “held in Berlin Germany.
Low NOx burner technology and operation training from “CIB UNI Gas “held in, Italy.
Leadership & Management by Descon Engineering Limited.
Heat Recovery Steam generators design with TRS & HSDS software from Vogt Power Int.USA.
HP boiler & power plants technology and co-generation from National Power & Training Institute, Haryana Faridabad, India.
Sustainable and Cleaner Production in the Manufacturing Industries of Pakistan by SCI-Pak & Europe Union held at sun fort hotel, Lahore.
Resume Waqas
Achievements & Rewards:
Employee of the year 2016.
Best Presenter in PSST Technical seminar from Descon.
Received the Long service award from Descon Engineering Limited. SOFTWARE SKILLS
MS Office
HTRI
Power plant Simulator and design
AutoCad
Aspen Hysys
VMG for hydraulics
LINGUISTIC SKILLS
English
Urdu
Contact this candidate