Randall “Casey” Hunt

*** **** **** ** ******: 601-***-****
Brandon, MS 39047 ad39dq@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE

To obtain a position which allows me the opportunity to utilize my education and experience in engineering to move a company forward and assist my colleagues while learning and enhancing my own skills.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Manufacturing Engineering Manager-September2022-Present
Milwaukee Tool Jackson, Mississippi
Lead mid to high level manufacturing projects, providing direction, guidance and engineering expertise to team members.
Attend NPD meetings, oversee manufacturing team to develop and maintain manufacturing action plans for new tooling, equipment, and production scheduling needs.
Coordinate NPD builds and follow up actions, including but not limited to Engineering Builds, Qualification Builds, and Pilot builds.
Create collaborative project communication channels with NPD, Engineering, Manufacturing, Production Scheduling, Quality, Supervision, and floor operators.
Develop and maintain Gantt Charts, Project Schedule, Risk Assessment, and Contingency Plans.
Develop action plans, project metrics, and then measure and report progress of improvements on an ongoing basis.
Deliver formal presentations to leadership regarding project status.
Research, develop, and implement new manufacturing processes and capital equipment to improve current throughput, scrap/rework reduction, reduce cost, improve quality and improve reliability.
Drive major strategic cost, quality and delivery initiatives with aggressive focus on breakthrough process and technology improvements to achieve a substantial competitive advantage.
Oversee and conduct equipment certification and run-off, using statistical analysis tools to verify process rate, capability and Gage R&R.
Oversee Continuous Improvement and cost savings projects.
Familiar with GD&T, Process Flow Diagrams, PFMEA, and Control Plans.
Kaizen Activities, Visual Management, Value Stream Mapping, 6S, OEE, Work Instructions, Time Studies, Line Balancing, etc.
Oversee development of operational KPI’s and various metrics to communicate shop and business performance.
Use a DMAIC, 8D, or 5 Why? approach to solving problem.
Senior Manufacturing Engineer-April2021-September2022
Milwaukee Tool Jackson, Mississippi
Support production operations through troubleshooting problems, supporting maintenance, and ensuring equipment is in control.
Work on continuous improvement projects to increase productivity, this includes any skills as related to project management and vendor relationships.
Knowledge of robotic programming and troubleshooting required.
Knowledge of PLC programming for troubleshooting automated systems a plus.
Ability to use statistical process control to define problems and present quick applicable solutions to key stakeholders to implement change.
Give direction and training to technicians on manufacturing equipment.
Familiar with manufacturing quality systems and how to implement corrective actions and 8D's.
Lead projects by working with cross functional resources to develop and implement new manufacturing processes and automated solutions for Hand Tool manufacturing.
Ability to conceptualize and work with integrators to develop automated solutions for manufacturing processes, assembly and packaging operations.
Have basic knowledge in finance to understand concepts of Capital investment, payback, and standard costs.
Compile information and data to utilize in determining a business case for manufacturing operations.
Responsible for the completion of assigned operations projects within budgetary and scheduling guidelines.
Tracks project schedule to ensure adherence to timelines.
Schedules meetings, develops agendas, facilitates and documents project meetings.
Consistently visualizes entire scope of a project with minimal guidance.
Identify project risks and implement risk reduction plans.
Possess a high sense of urgency and delivering information in a timely manner.

Maintenance Engineer-October2007-April 2021
Nissan North America, Inc. Canton, Mississippi
Troubleshooting electrical and mechanical systems on manufacturing equipment (conveyors, assist devices, etc…)
Support technicians with troubleshooting and technical information
Capital and Operating Budget development
Install new equipment purchased through capital money
Equipment Specifications
Modification and/or relocation of existing equipment.
Specify spare parts and stock levels
Develop and implement preventive maintenance procedure and schedules
Identify, schedule and implement maintenance technician training
Specify, schedule and coordinate on site work performed by outside contractors
Administer activities and evaluate performance of permanent on site contractors
Interface with other manufacturing and engineering departments to coordinate, schedule and complete requested project
Update prints in AutoCAD
Create mechanical and/or electrical prints of engineered/changed parts
Responsible for tire and wheel assembly lines, balance, uniformity, vehicle alignment, brake testing equipment, fluid fill and other various dynamic testing equipment.
Support manufacturing management by engineering any projects they may have for safety concerns, cost reductions or process improvements.
Support new model/process engineering with design and install of new equipment. Buyoff trips, spec packages, facility specs with installation of network, electrical and pneumatic drops.
I facilitated and lead the writing of our current maintenance specification standard that is sent with every new model equipment specification for Nissan.
Ensure that every piece of equipment, current and new, meets our standard for “Reliability Centered Maintenance”.

Process/Supplier Electrical Engineer-March 2006 to October2007
Nissan North America, Inc. Canton, Mississippi
Troubleshooting electrical systems of vehicles
Program function check equipment to ensure that the vehicle diagnostic systems are working properly
Setup and program headlight aiming equipment for new vehicles
Manage suppliers to ensure they are sending reliable and consistent parts
Approve part changes by supplier or design for cost reduction or other improvements
Run functional testing on part design changes or newly released parts
Investigate quality concerns to determine root cause and develop countermeasures
Responsible for reviewing and approving all supplier PPAP’s
Create process sheets to establish and improve processes followed by assembly technicians
Manage containment and sort/rework situations for supplier quality
Review and approve corrective actions submitted by suppliers

Maintenance Technician-January 2004 to March 2006
Nissan North America, Inc. Canton, Mississippi
PLC troubleshooting, including reading the ladder logic to find the origin of the problem
Reading electrical prints and electrical troubleshooting
Reading pneumatic prints and pneumatic troubleshooting
Mechanical troubleshooting
Improvements to ergonomic assist devices to ensure safety and ease of use for production technicians
Helped design a new assist device that improved the assembly operation and reduced cycle time
Assist in the training of new maintenance technicians

EDUCATION

Mississippi State University, Starkville, MS. B.S. Industrial Technology, December 2003

TRAINING

JIT (Just-in-Time) Manufacturing
Lean
Poke-yoke
Kaizen and Continuous Improvements
AutoCAD
CNC Machining
Machine Metal Works
Welding
Robotics
PLC
VFD
Reliability Centered Maintenance
Maintainability and Reliability
CMRP Certified
Hoshin Kanri
8D
6S

References available upon request
Contact this candidate