ad3eae@r.postjobfree.com
510-***-****
Jaya
Location: Fremont, CA
Visa: Green Card
Relocation: Yes

Summary:
Software Engineering leader deeply skilled at driving 49+ engineering team to deliver large scale cloud cybersecurity application. Skilled at driving technical transformation, defining competitive differentiation, securing program funding, and delivering solution excellence. Team builder proficient at facilitating onboarding and skill development, utilizing offshore augmentation, and bringing out the best of people’s capabilities. Adaptive learner with expertise in Cybersecurity, AWS deployed micro service applications, analytics, machine learning, AI, big data, software as a service and engineering processes. Innovator with a passion for collaborating on solution design, product strategy and delivering large scale software applications end to end.

Areas of Expertise:
Project Management Product Owner Sustaining IDS/IPS MITRE Cyber Security Applications Threat Intel
QA and Automation Malware Research Machine Learning ML Analytics Data Science Site Reliability
Engineering SRE Cybersecurity Big Data Remote Teams Product Strategy High Availability Software
Lifecycle SDLC Statistics Agile Methodology Artificial Intelligence AI Public Cloud DevOps Mentorship
IPTV Box Organizational Leadership Hiring and Building cross Geo team Business Operations and COGS
Saving

Technical Specialties
AWS, Azure Cloud technologies, TCP/IP, HTTP, DNS, DHCP, VPC Protocols, Okta, IAM single Sign on,
Windows/Linux/Solaris OS, VMware, Venter, Esxi,Python, Perl, Java, Golang, Shell Scripting, Wire shark, Security
Vulnerability testing tools, Metasploit, Nmap, Nessus, Black duck, Coverity, SIEM, XDR, EDR, SOAR.

Work Experience:

FireEye Inc (Trellix) August 2013 to Present
Sr Manager Software Engineering (QA/SDET)

Project-Helix (XDR)

Responsibilities: -
Responsible for accomplishments of 20 engineers in teams building application contributing to UI Development, API development, CICD pipeline.
Experience includes ingestion engines, dataflow, data collection, search, and automated response. Recent team projects include Helix microservices deployed in AWS Kubernetes cluster, which has a data pipeline, ingest parsing, data ingestion, index search scalability, Archive search re-write.
Helix is an AWS cloud native rebuild of extended detection and response using Kafka, Elastic, Athena, AWS lambda’s, S3, SQS etc.
Mentored successful transition of 20 engineers to new product accelerating time to market.
Teams saved millions in AWS costs by rearchitected aspects of platform to improve margin per seat.
Created Common component UI which is enhanced using UI Muse library.
Implemented CICD pipeline for 7 microservices which are residing in Kubernetes cluster.
Collaborated with product manager, UX engineers to convert customer features into system design and planning into agile mode.
7+ Years of experience in managing security technologies (EDR, XDR, SOAR, SIEM)
Hand on experience in Development and Testing end-to-end data pipelines (device to micro services to cloud API).
Experience on AWS services (EC2, Dynamo DB, Lambda, API Gateway, ECS, EKS)
Performing Exploit detection using Metasploit, Breaking point, and other standard IDS/IPS test suites.
Responsible for qualifying products and taking it to the production (Load test, Functional, Regression, Automation etc.

Project-xConsole
Responsible for accomplishments of 10 engineers in teams building application which unify Trellix customer experience by creating a single user experience that includes features of multiple products across Trellix.
Effort includes API development, UI Implementation, Common Iframe across products, CICD pipeline. Cloud infrastructure includes AWS lambda’s, S3, SQS, Amazon CloudFront certificate manager.
Mentored successful transition of 11 engineers to new product accelerating time to market.
Led engineers to implement CICD pipeline for xConsole app.
Built two agile teams, daily stand ups, and cross geo collaboration to achieve sprint goals.
Collaborated with product manager, UX engineers to convert customer features into system design and planning into agile mode.
Implementation more focused on Cost efficiency, Reliability and Scalability.

Project: Helix Federated Program
Responsible for accomplishments of 9 to take Helix to federation.
Led a team to implement US Federal government requirements to achieve federation for Helix product.
Delivered Helix federation in 2023 unblocking federal sales.
Collaborated cross geo Deployment team, Engineering team to fix vulnerability issues, code practice gaps, new infra deployment for federation.

Sustaining Engineering:
Leading sustaining engineers to handle SECOP production issues, meet SLA and deliver MR and hotfixes to address production issues.
Leading 10 people team to handle daily production issues for SECOPS.
Daily scrum calls to go over production issues and understanding the technicality of the issue and provide fixes by meeting customer SLA.
553 customer issues resolved in 2023 which includes 4 MR’s and 12 hotfixes.
Led a team to Implement infrastructure monitoring for K8 services, SQS, API gateway, Elastic search node health etc.

Symantec-Mountain View September 2009 to June 2013
Sr. Software QA/SDET Engineer

Project: Critical System protection
Symantec Critical System Protection provides policy-based behavior control and detection for server and desktop computers.

Responsibilities: -
Leading a SDET team in India and US.
Providing infrastructure facility by Installing of all flavors of Linux/Windows OS (Linux, Solaris, HPUX, IBM AIX, WINAS, WIN2K3 etc.)
Automating test cases using Perl/Python Language.
Setting up any complex customer environment to reproduce the customer issues.
Analyze the functionality of System and Executing test scripts in Integration, System and Regression testing, Sanity Testing.

BMC Software November 2008 to September 2009
Sr. Software Engineer

Project: BMC Remedy IT Service Management
BMC Remedy IT Service Management (ITSM) application help you organize and manage the varied assets and activities of your IT organization.

Responsibilities: -
Responsible for testing Solution management for ITSM application which includes integration testing for ITSM Suite, I need to verify all the sub part applications like Release Management, Configuration Management, Incident management etc. are intact with the client requirements.
Installing AR server, CMDB, ITSM Suite on Customer Environment (Linux, Sun Solaris, HP Unix, Windows OS)

Cisco Systems September 2008 – November 2008
Software Test Engineer

Project: Digital Network Control System
DNCS is an economical yet powerful solution for automation and remote control. It facilitates in automation and control of electrical and electronic devices through an ordinary computer. It also allows the user, to connect to DNCS from a remote area via the media of internet to monitor Leading a team of QA engineers to test DNCS & RNCS to push the configuration from remote end.

Responsibilities: -
Validating on IPG guide GUI functionalities, Set-top Box Application GUI functionalities, PPV, VOD, SDV, EAS, OCAP, Cable Card functionalities.
Performed testing on L2/L3 Protocols.
Performed Backup and Restore activities on RNCS and DNCS server.
Performed Cisco and Alcatel Router configuration.
Performed Functionality testing for SDV Application.
Building the project using the pure coverage flags and generating the code coverage reports and analyzing the Reports.
Finding the uncovered code areas and creating new test cases to cover all the functionality of the product.
Supported existing applications: performed debugging, profiling, data quality checking, monitoring, quick prototyping, and testing using SQL, Perl, shell, and Linux.
Setup LAB for new products, Upgrade the new build on Solaris Machine and Staging Set top Box.
Creating Source, Session, Segment, adding Channel MAP to get Video on TV.

i2 Technologies Inc April 2000 to June 2004
Data Analyst/ QA Engineer

Project: Tactrac
It is an interactive data service that provides data base of all electronic, mechanical data content through a client/server format to over 150 companies worldwide.

Responsibilities: -
Analyze the data and validate it using guidelines and send it to inspection.
Upload the data-to-data base by writing VB scripts and Shell/Perl Scripts.
Retrieve the data from data base if further inspection is needed.
Handle the customer issues by sending validated data through data base.
Extensively used SQL queries for Data Validation Process.

Education:

Master’s in computer science, Northwestern Polytechnic University, Fremont-CA
Contact this candidate