Patrick Lurlay
Antioch, CA ***** ad3igj@r.postjobfree.com
360-***-**** linkedin.com/in/patrick-lurlay-10a20b12 SR. ENGINEERING MANAGER
ACCOMPLISHED SENIOR-LEVEL ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL AND DEVOPS EVANGELIST WITH OVER 20 YEARS MULTI-INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
PROFILE
As a seasoned professional with over 20 years of multi-industry experience, I have a proven track record in streamlining business processes and providing customer solutions from a technology and process improvement perspective. I offer highly developed leadership and organizational abilities utilizing Project and Program Management Best Practices and I have demonstrated experience in building, integrating, and deploying enterprise applications and tools to cross-platform systems in a variety of industries. AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Program Management Strategic Planning Software Project Management Systems Engineering Leadership Process Improvement Customer Service Research Cloud Computing Requirements Analysis Software as a Service (SaaS) Secure SDLC Risk Management Threat Modeling Budgeting cross-Functional team building TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
Python Java Android React Java Bootstrap C/C++/C# Cloud (AWS,Azure,GCP) NodeJS Git HTML5 Docker JavaScript Kubernetes Jenkins JIRA jQuery JSP LDAP Apache Kafka Maven MEAN Stack Flutter SpringBoot MySQ NoSQL OIM Oracle SLC Postgres Angular Snowflake SOA Spring Terraform Gradle KEY SKILLS
Problem solver: adept at identifying risks and implementing mitigation early, formulating contingency plans as needed through proof of concept prototyping.
Successful collaborator: managing mutually beneficial, long-term vendor relationships. Solid background in developing strategies around software development, latest Identity Management trends, and emerging technologies.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
KWARKA June 2023 – Present
Head of Engineering and Co-Founder
● Built the model for how we organize Kwarka and Engineering teams to facilitate autonomy and total ownership.
● Lead program as Product Owner to improve velocity and efficiency throughout the engineering organization by reducing developer friction (automation, process improvements, simplification).
● Developed and created career paths, job titles, salary bands, and expectations for all roles in Kwarka, Operations and Engineering.
● Focused on employee growth by coaching through 1-on-1s, conducting regular reviews, focusing on strengths and individuals, and creating an environment where engineers can do their best work
● Worked with leadership to design and drive the plan for Kwarka engineering vision and culture in line with the
● Own initiatives around our digital Platform to make it easier to work with partners. LUCID MOTORS October 2021 – May 2023
Sr. Engineering Manager
● Built the model for organizing Lucid Infotainment, Infrastructure and Engineering teams to facilitate autonomy and total ownership.
● Focused on employee growth by coaching through 1-on-1s, conducting regular reviews, focusing on strengths and individuals, and creating an environment where engineers can do their best work
● Led program as Product Owner to improve velocity and efficiency throughout the engineering organization by reducing developer friction (automation, process improvements, simplification).
● Developed and created career paths, job titles, salary bands, and expectations for all roles in Infotainment, Infrastructure and Engineering. This model was adapted for many other teams throughout the company.
● Worked with leadership to design and drive the plan for Lucid’s engineering vision and culture in line with the company values.
● Empowered the engineering team to achieve a high level of technical productivity, reliability, and simplicity.
● Built a highly engaged, productive, and adaptive engineering organization from a small tightly knit team to a well functioning large engineering organization.
● Managed, built, and led a high-caliber team of engineering managers and software engineers to solve technical problems and meet company goals while remaining close to the problem space.
● Helped to craft and iterate our technology infrastructure to enable growth and scale business needs to succeed.
● Managed the engineering of tools and services to support and accelerate the efficiency of development internally and externally on LUCID’s platform.
● Hired dozens of amazing people from Engineers to Engineering Managers. MURAL October 2020 – October 2021
Sr. Engineering Manager
● Hired and led a team of excellent Engineering Managers
● Worked with leadership to design and drive the plan for MURAL’s engineering vision and culture in line with the company values.
● Empowered the engineering team to achieve a high level of technical productivity, reliability and simplicity.
● Managed, built and led a high-caliber team of software engineers to solve company goals while remaining close to the problem space.
● Contributed to engineering-wide initiatives as a member of the MURAL’s engineering management team.
● Helped to craft and iterate our technology infrastructure to enable growth and to scale business needs.
● Responsible for the engineering of tools and services to support and accelerate the efficiency of development internally and externally on the Mural platform.
● Worked closely with product director and product managers, analysts, architects, engineering leads, and business stakeholders to define requirements, guide product and architectural vision, lead key technical and design discussions, and prioritize delivery efforts. FORMATION October 2019 – May 2020
Sr. Engineering Manager
● Managed a software engineering team to build, design, automate, implement, maintain and support Formation platforms, products, related tools and services.
● Created infrastructure, automate, developed processes, tools and services to support rapid organizational growth.
● Collaborated with design and product teams regarding strategy, scope, and schedule.
● Managed diverse teams of engineers, developers and analysts to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the enterprise identity management.
● Managed robust and scalable systems in order to get ahead of the exponential demand.
● Created infrastructure, automate, developed processes, tools and services to support rapid organizational growth.
● Collaborated with cross-functional teams to understand changing requirements and incorporate them in the road-map
● Worked closely with product management, analysts, architects, engineering leads, and business stakeholders to define requirements, guide product and architectural vision, lead key technical and design discussions, and prioritize delivery efforts.
CHAN ZUCKERBERG INITIATIVE October 2018 – October 2019 Sr. Engineering Manager – Infrastructure
● Managed and led a talented technology-oriented team through change while fostering positive team relationships and environment. Identified and recruited top engineering talent.
● Developed, documented, and socialized DevOps processes and tooling across all CZI organizations.
● Work with architects and engineers to provide automated solutions driving improved efficiency throughout the SDLC.
● Introduced process changes in Site Services that led the team from being overwhelmed to consistently handling more tickets each week than were created.
● Focused on employee growth by coaching through 1-on-1s, conducting regular reviews, focusing on strengths and individuals, and creating an environment where engineers can do their best work.
● Created a culture of high quality, high value releases HASHICORP March 2018 – October 2018
Engineering Manager
● Managed day-to-day activities of work groups using Project and Program Management Best Practices.
● Consistently monitored the risks and operations associated with information protection and disaster recovery for critical IT systems.
● Fostered strategic vendor relationships in support of product roadmaps.
● Implemented and developed solutions enabling DevOps teams to build and test applications and environments.
● Fostered strategic vendor relationships in support of product roadmaps. A^3 BY AIRBUS February 2017 – March 2018
Manager, Application and System Integration
● Focused on employee growth by coaching through 1-on-1s, conducting regular reviews, focusing on strengths and individuals, and creating an environment where engineers can do their best work.
● Built the model for how we organize Airbus By A^3, Infrastructure and Engineering teams to facilitate autonomy and total ownership.
● Modified and adapted existing solutions to align with evolving capacity requirements of organization.
● Brought modern DevOps principles to the company. We went from one person doing deploys and carrying the pager to teams owning their own deploys and owning quality end-to-end. Greatly increased frequency of deployments.
● Led program as Product Owner to improve velocity and efficiency throughout the engineering organization by reducing developer friction (automation, process improvements, simplification. THE BOEING COMPANY 2011 – 2016
Senior Manager, Account and Access, Management Tools & Provisioning
● Managed an Enterprise provisioning organization of 20 engineers worldwide.
● Created and maintained a multi-million-dollar organizational budget.
● Managed time, resources, and expenses to ensure projects were properly funded and on-target.
● Implemented Agile software development best practices, including revision control and automated testing.
● Prioritized agility in new service deployments by leveraging cloud and virtualization technologies. Product Manager 2010 – 2011
● Managed end-to-end design, implementation, and operation of HA-DB and server platforms.
● Developed roadmap and communicated goals to initiate projects aligning with departmental strategies.
● Integrated and maintained COTs and other third-party tools. Led virtualization efforts of existing servers. Lead Analyst 2009 – 2010
● Performed requirement analysis for software components and software systems.
● Developed software verification plans, test procedures and test environments, software and system architecture using APIs to avoid tight coupling.
● Completed software research and development projects with accompanying documentation.
● Tracked and evaluated team performance to ensure conformity to project plans and industry standards. Lead Software Engineer 2005 – 2009
● Designed, developed, tested, and maintained code. Collaborated on the design and development of the Exchange application and Maritime CBB TV. Led project to implement a secure 2-Factor Authentication for UNIX devices.
● Led 7-member team as well as various technical teams providing company-wide solutions. EDUCATION
Master of Science (M.S.) Computer Information Systems Boston University, Boston. Master of Business Administration (MBA) Regis University, Denver, CO. Bachelor of Science (BS) Information Systems Metro State University, Denver, CO.
Contact this candidate