GRANT WURTZ
** **** ******
Lockport, NY ***** Cell – 585-***-****
Email: ad3noa@r.postjobfree.com

Skills & Qualifications
Ability to effectively respond to and interact with all levels of organizational staff. Competencies in all fields of Hydraulics, Pneumatics, Electrical (3 Phase), Blueprints and Electronics. Competencies include excellent presentation/facilitation, organizational, analytical, interpersonal and written/oral communication skills. Flexible, innovative and the ability to manage staff, responsibilities and priorities in a fast paced, growth-oriented and time-critical environment. Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference. Analytical Troubleshooting skills to practical situations. Proficient in Mechanical tear down and rebuilding of systems. Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions and deal with several abstracts. Develop sampling test plan and monitoring of daily, weekly, Monthly and yearly production runs to ensure on-going quality and reliability stability. Ensures product tester calibration methods, procedures, and control methods are defined and in place. Drives elimination of product defects, non-conforming materials. Develop corrective actions to support supplier problem and failure- suggesting modifications and corrective actions to meet product customer specifications and standards. Ensure adequate certification procedure for quality inspections and control points with documented process. Develop solutions to enhance operational productivity and efficiency. Leads factory quality improvement.

WORK EXPERIENCE:

Integer Holdings Corporation 2021 - Present
11900 Walden Ave
Alden NY 14001

Maintenance/Engineering Manager

Manages daily performance and attendance of Manufacturing Support Technicians across all shifts to ensure proper floor support and prompt resolution of issues. Responsible for the successful development of the technical skills of the Manufacturing Support Technician team and Supervises Associates in a manner that fosters a safe work environment, self-directed team approach.
Manage Quality Management Systems (QMS), Environmental Management Systems (EMS), U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulations.

Manage Engineering Team on the development and execution of new equipment, including the update of processes and procedures and Provide leadership to Associates in all areas including: hiring, performance management, coaching, counselling, and corrective actions.
Ensure alignment between Engineering, Production and facility needs through partnership, relationship building and time management.
Identify, arrange and/or provide training to ensure a safe, efficient, quality work environment with focus on continuous improvement through Lean manufacturing principles.

Primary duties: Knowledge of electrical, controls, maintenance functions of machines, welders, tooling, troubleshooting high end manufacturing equipment. Time management, communication, leadership.

Maintenance Process Coach 2014 – 2021 Ford – Buffalo Stamping Plant - Blasdell, NY
Supervise a medium size group of employees in a skilled area of work which involves repair and maintenance of plant and equipment. Work is of a technical nature with decisions made within the limits of general procedures and specifications.
Responsible for diagnosis of equipment malfunctions
Responsible for the effective use of personnel, material and equipment
Meets schedule and quality requirements
Complies with the terms of local and national labor agreements
Implements safety and good housekeeping practices
Implements divisional and corporate policies
Frequent contact with others outside the work group
Establishes a course of action to accomplish completion of the job and/or project
Coordinates input from internal/external customers to better understand customer needs and/or perceptions keeps abreast of current product developments and trends in areas of expertise Actively identifies new areas for learning and takes advantage of learning opportunities

GM Powertrain Tonawanda NY 2012 - 12/22/13
Maintenance Group Leader (Contract)

Supervise a medium size group of employees in a skilled area of work which involves repair and maintenance of plant and equipment. Work is of a technical nature with decisions made within the limits of general procedures and specifications.
Implements safety and good housekeeping practices
Implements divisional and corporate policies. Actively identifies new areas for learning and takes advantage of learning opportunities

Red Diamond CO2/Propane Division 2010- 2012
Plant Manager
Plan, organize and direct the manufacturing, maintenance and shipping operations of the plant to for maximum utilization of assets, quality and customer service. Ensure the work environment is always safe, employees recognize safety as the most critical thing we always do and work accordingly. strategic objectives. Effectively administer the collective bargaining agreement including the grievance process Implement productivity programs and support Lean initiatives Manage and develop staff of manufacturing supervisors. Track and interpret plant operating KPI’s, make appropriate changes to the operations to drive improvement. Ensure compliance with all laws including but not limited to environmental and labor. Manage operations to obtain budgeted Gross Margin. acilitate plant communications to review plant performance to KPI’s Reason for leaving went to GM
Echo-sphere / Dish Network Rochester, NY 2005-8/2011 Operation / Installation Manager

Directs P&L and 4-million-dollar Fiscal budget responsibilities for two offices
Participates in development in Safety presentations and OSHA compliance’s
Manages and Incorporate spot Beam Modification and strategies.
Oversees Signal Strength Modification and development.
Provides daily leadership to employees within the department.
Complies with management reporting and communications as requested.
Travels to meet with prospective clients, customers, and local service centers and attend company meetings, as required.
Manage and Supervise 8 direct managers and 84 indirect technicians for the overall accordance with the organization's Policies and applicable governing laws
Responsible for the overall direction, coordination, and evaluation of this unit.
Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and training employees, planning, assigning, and directing work, appraising performance, rewarding and disciplining employees, addressing complaints and resolving problems.
Recipient of the highest recognition award from company - 15 people out of 30,000 get this award. Reason for Leaving – Medical benefits changed

Crane Pro Services 2003 - 2005
Rochester NY
Account/Service Manager

Development and implementation of strategic plans for 3-million-dollar service contract. Rehabbing the facility required running new electrical lines, rerouting steam lines, adding new plumbing, replacing old process tanks with new ones, installing rectifiers, cranes, hoists, HVAC systems, blowers, scrubbers, pumps, filtration systems and air lines. Maximize the service opportunities for short- and long-range business planning
Responsible for hiring and proper training of skilled technical engineers
Outsourcing vendor and supplier to obtain maximum revenue return without affecting quality or customer support
Quarterly reviews and power point presentation of service plans covering profit and sales. Provide timely and high-quality services to customers by providing and maintaining 24 hour 7 days a week service as required by customers.
Reason for Leaving – Contract was up with Customer

Liftech Equipment Co 2001-2003
Lancaster, NY
Service Manager

Process improvement accomplishments dealing with production, service, scheduling, and other operational areas needing improvement
Managing and hands on scheduling activities for 14 employees
The focal point is to control costs while prioritizing customer issues to ensure satisfaction, productivity, and income.
Superior customer service skills which center on listening to the customers problem and quickly satisfying them while keeping the company’s objective in mind
Responsible for Budget, Forecasting and P&L
Main objective is meeting the customer needs
Reason for Leaving – My Boss was demoted into my position

Strippit Inc 1998-2001
Akron, NY
Regional Operations Manager

Recruitment, interviewing, selection and termination of employee experience
Supervisory experience of 16 man maintenance engineering department involved in maintaining all aspects of High end punch presses, bending and rolling machines.
Field experience working with a diverse selection of outside engineers in a variety of industries to develop a program for Service Technicians who will deliver service around the world on a timely basis.
Designed and implemented preventive maintenance schedules both internally and externally
Process improvement accomplishments dealing with production, service, scheduling, and other operational areas needing improvement
Product design background including electrical, mechanical, pneumatics and hydraulic configurations for capital equipment
Software design in modifications to integrate with vendor software such as CAD
Adept at formulation of pro-forma annual budgets
Quality control experience including the introduction of ISO 9000
Six Sigma enhanced testing of both raw materials and finished products and the development of employee policies and procedures to improve quality which increases revenue
Reason for Leaving – Workforce was down sized

Carleton Technologies 1996-1999 Orchard Park, NY
Certified Test Engineer

Worked with missiles, military aircraft and commercial aircraft equipment
Senior Technician on LORAL, development technician on Steppo M.C.C.U (internal cooling unit for Military). Senior technician for the Fire Suppressant Valve For B-1 Bomber. Certified in CPS778 and MIL.STD. 2000 & NASA soldering
High pressure static testing in a controlled environment. Design and modification of high-pressure testing system and Fire and Forget missile guidance systems.

Motorola Inc 1993-1996
Elma, NY
Electrical/Mechanical Engineering

Responsible for Laser and Robotic Dept. and Failure Analysis for GM/Chrysler
Production Line. Responsible for equipment failure analysis of electronic circuits down to the component level. Skilled in writing, understating, correcting and programming in controls concepts and ladder logic. Familiar with PLC and robotics hardware such as Adept Robots and Allen Bradley (plc2, slc5, 500, and 505) and TLSI Lasers. Manages production line product reliability and quality assurance in accordance with company and factory policies and procedures. Ensures highest possible product reliability and quality performance levels achieved from all production line equipment, processes, and manufacturing procedures in support of production lines running on 7-day X 24 hour operation to meet Production
Maintain production line product reliability and quality in accordance with company and factory policies and procedures. Interface with the customer for any product reliability or quality concerns, issues, or requirements. Develop sampling test plan and monitoring of daily, weekly, Monthly and yearly production runs to ensure on-going quality and reliability stability. Ensures product tester calibration methods, procedures, and control methods are defined and in place. Drives elimination of product defects, non-conforming materials. Develop corrective actions to support supplier problem and failure- suggesting modifications and corrective actions to meet product customer specifications and standards. Responsible for reliability/quality related operational procedures and specifications. Oversees product quality testing and/or product materials conversions. Ensure adequate certification procedure efficiency. Leads factory quality improvement . Communicate with other department heads and/or company executive leadership

EDUCATION
DeVry Institute Degree Electrical Columbus, OH

Bryant & Stratton AS Degree Electronics Lackawanna, NY
Contact this candidate