SUNDAY,OMEIZA EJIDE
Date of birth: Sept ****, Nationality: Nigerian (Nigeria)
Gender: Male (+234) 805-***-**** (+234) 810*******
Address,1, Aranseolu Street, Orile Agege, Lagos, Nigeria. ad3ofl@r.postjobfree.com, ad3ofl@r.postjobfree.com
Core value:
I am Hardworking, inquisitive and result oriented with ability to work under pressure without supervisory attention. I have more than ten years project planning, management and execution. I know I can add value to your cooperate goals. Education/Training
New Horizions school - ikeja Lagos (sept 2021 - march 2022) Software Engineering specialisation (Java Technology) SEAN Cussons Business School - Abuja ( Feb 2021)
Certificate Training on Entrepreneurship Development Lagos state university- Lagos (oct 2003 - feb 2008/2009) Bachelor of Science degree in ECONOMIC, graduated with 2.2 grade Independent Television Producers Association of Nigeria (ITPAN) 2003 I was train on television film production and computer film editing Working Experience:
Resource Intermediaries (Nigeria) Limited (Primero transport services) 2016-Sept 2017 Lekki, Lagos, Nigeria.
Responsibility: Fleet officer - Organize buses for each day demand. As a logistic company I am to render unprecedented valuable services toOurcustomerand meeting their demand with the company cooperate goal looking mind. Industrial Development Communication Limited(Ikeja, Lagos)2000 -2012 Responsibility: Head of Department, project manager and Group Leader, I coordinate and manage the production department with the skill of strategicPlanningforthe department, innovative ideas to execute projects.
Lead group of technical crew from one state in Nigeria to the others, promotingthe brand and repossession its identity in the mind of the consumer. Major brand includes, MTN communication
Nestle Food Nigeria pls
Guinness Nigeria plc.
Among others.
Mid-wave company Ltd (Ikeja, Lagos.)1997-1999
Responsibility: Marketer. I market the household cosmetic soap With effort Of instilling the value in the mind of the consumer with brand identity. Omega Bank Nigeria plc (Sango ota,Ogun state.)1996 -1997 Responsibility: Cashier, computer system back-up assistant, I work as cashier with responsible of accountability at all give time and daily Skills software engineering
Business developing strategy
Computer programme knowledge
Cinematography / film editing
Project manager experience
Leadership skill
Marketing skill
Driving both Cars and Lorry vehicles
Languages, English, Yoruba, Ebira.
Hobbies, Travelling
Driving
Cooking
Repairingthings
References, Hakeem OlawaleGaruba (Manager)
Industrial DevelopmentCommunication Ltd.
AkinboOladimaji
Academic publisher
Contact this candidate