SURENDRA RAJGOPAL ACHARYA
Dubai, UAE +971-**-***-****, +971-**-***-**** ad3r4d@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn General Manager- Aftersales Automotive Head of Business Unit Growth Accelerator Relationship Builder Sales & Service Expertise Top performing executive with 20+ years’ experience driving long term growth, creating, and executing business plans successfully across business lines in automotive aftersales, spare parts sales, channel management, and network development areas. Employ a motivating and empowering leadership technique to build high-performance teams committed to exceeding targets and customer satisfaction. Thrive in challenging situations that demand excellence in performance and delivery of aggressive revenue goals.
Sales & Marketing ~ Network Development ~ Customer Satisfaction & Engagement ~ Dealer Performance Management ~ Dealer Profitability ~Service Operations Management~ Parts Management & Sales ~ Channel Management ~ Business Development ~ Budgeting and Cost Management ~ Team Management KEY BENCHMARK PERFORMANCES
Certified and recognized as “IE” Industrial Engineering Expert SME by Nissan Motors Ltd, Japan for P-SX (Project Service expansion) i.e., Service and BP-DOS (Body and Paint Dealer Operations Standard)
With a new established GD generated a turnover of $32.5Mil in 2022 & $27.2Mil in 2023 for a GCC market for Stellantis by revamping the business facing negative customer sentiments through major strategic decisions
Expanded business locations in remote / pocket areas by identifying Aftersales locations (3S=9, 2S=28,1S=60 & 1P=8) in accordance with GD investment Vs. competitors’ network at Stellantis.
Commended with Employee Award, 2022-2023 at Stellantis.
Gained considerable market share and new key accounts through marketing activities and SMART approach, attained revenue targets for all three outlets- driving AED2.5Mil sales revenue Vs. an average of AED9K for Bright Spark.
Inculcated a Customer Focused approach across the organization at Nissan Gulf FZO, streamlined inefficiencies at the in-house call centre and initiated engagement programs for NSC Top Management in Round the Table Group to achieve an all-time high NPS Score and “Top Box” position in syndicate survey conducted by third party. o Led customer centric PRO-ACTIVE programs including Express Repairs, Tailor Made Service / Maintenance Packages / Insurance Meet / Ministries visits to increase customer retention and database. o Introduced a “BEST PRACTICE” sharing platform to educate the team on customer satisfaction best practices. EXECUTIVE CAREER SYNOPSIS & HIGHLIGHTS
STELLANTIS MIDDLE EAST Jan 2022-Present
Leading Global Automaker & Provider of Innovative Mobility Solutions. Regional Aftersales Manager
Reporting to: Director Aftersales Team Size: 30
Role: Selected for a regional leadership role for Middle East and GCC aftersales operations by developing and executing the aftersales business plan and achieving the budgeted net sales, gross margin, net profit, and NPS for related service locations. Serve as the primary contact for dealers’ aftersales operations, provide expert remote and on-site support for retail and all channels of business, best in class service line customers experience, technical and warranty support as well as assistance to the dealer network to identify areas of opportunity to improve existing and develop new revenue streams, enhance service quality and reception processes to achieve the highest level of customer satisfaction.
Improved NS score from -7 to +70 within 2 years through improvements in customer reachability and services as well as reducing appointment lead time from 30 days to 48 hours (increasing appointment ratio to 80%.) through training of CRM team and proactive initiatives.
Introduced new domestic wholesale customers & Direct wholesales overseas customer linked to support sell out contributing to circa $0.9Mil.
Piloted “Fleet Charter Program” gaining 1.5% Market share and Bodyshop Program increasing Productivity thus VTP via Insurance programs.
Scaled the organization recruiting local staff, skilled manpower and driving diversity initiatives to recruit women in the workforce. Recruited 4 DGMs, 6 SMs, 28 SAs, with overseas recruitment of 109 Technicians which is the highest in a General Distributor ever.
Piloted the DMS data Integration from existing DMS to ASAS (SOS AS Portal) reducing significant man-hours, for monthly KPI reporting.
BRIGHT SPARK AUTO REPAIRING Jul 2021-Dec 2021
World-class Centre of Excellence in Vehicle Maintenance Services Providing Unequalled Automotive Repair Service. Business Unit Head / Operations Manager
Reporting to: Owner of the Company Team Size: 149 Role: Recruited in a senior leadership role with complete P&L accountability for 3 after sales outlets (Service, Body shop, Parts, Marketing, CRM, Accessories operations and Network development) for the company facing growth challenges. Identified customer needs, pain points, and service improvement opportunities. Designed and developed new services and enhanced existing ones to drive the topline growth. Created service blueprints, process flows, and user journey maps to guide the development and implementation of new services.
Met face to face, re-established relationships with suppliers and negotiated a deferred payment settlement process to re-set the existing business.
Pioneered business digitalization that Increased turnover and operating profit by +2.5, drove several initiatives that include:
o Implementation of Parex software for the identification of accurate required parts. o EVHC i.e., Electronic Vehicle Health Check.
o Reduction in cost via implementing Docuware system to go paperless. o Implementation of Audatex software for Body shop i.e., Online estimation program tied up with insurance companies.
o Centralized CRM team focusing on outbound calls reaching out to lost customers. o Introduction of Mobile Unit à contributing to 10% of the total revenue.
Worked closely with the HR team to create a people centric culture with implementation of policies (on-boarding, attendance, disciplinary actions etc), creation of newsletters, employee engagement, trainings and knowledge sharing initiatives.
o Evaluated and restructured the existing manpower via Job / experience on site and in line with capacity analysis, recruiting and set targets for Sales executives and Body shop estimators. FAJAR MOTORS FZCO, DUBAI Aug 2020-Jul 2021
Suppliers of Multi franchises Vehicle brands, Tires & Batteries and Automotive Spare Parts Head of Global Operations
Reporting to: Senior GM Team Size: 5
Role: Selected to grow the new business venture for automotive spare parts / Tires / Batteries / Lubricants market via trading business. Challenged to establish the startup and promote the brand with limited resources during the Covid Period. Secured business through network of contacts, achieved 102% sales targets in the first year. Scaled the team from ground up to 5 members.
TROPHY AUTOMOTIVE DEALER GROUP-INTERNATIONAL Jun 2019-Mar 2020 Leading Automotive Dealer & Provides After Sales Customer Services. General Manager-Fixed Operations
Reporting to: CEO Team Size: 327
Role: Hired to drive a culture shift and transition the organization from a traditional way of working to a more professional and customer focused culture. Developed and executed effective business strategies to achieve sales, profitability, and customer satisfaction goals. Led the sales team in meeting and exceeding sales targets while fostering a customer-centric culture. Recruited, trained, mentored, and motivated dealership staff to ensure a high-performance work environment.
Introduced Value Added Services to build a $2 Million opportunity pipeline that positioned the dealership for sustainability and profitability.
Implemented innovative sales and service campaigns to secure new and lost business from Fleet customers, Rental customers and corporate customers. Grew monthly sales revenue from $85K to $1.5 Million.
Increased customer retention from 35% to 78% by inculcating a customer first approach across the organization
Initiated, conceptualized and implemented the VPC- Vehicle Preparation Centre Project that drove significant reduction in overtime & meal break violation of local employees to 0% o Improved productivity of technicians from 45% to 95% by promoting employee engagement, revitalizing the fundamentals of daily workshop operations (time & motion study) and healthy working culture with incentive plans
o Controlled the expenses for consumables by $150K through process improvements, setting up systems and implementing SOP’s.
NISSAN GULF FZCO Apr 2010-Jun 2019
Motor Vehicle Manufacturing, Manufacturing General, Sales & Marketing Company. General Manager-After Sales
Reporting to: Director Aftersales Team Size: 51
Role: Joined the organization as Regional Service Manager and took on quick promotions as Aftersales Manager, DGM and then as GM Aftersales with complete P&L accountability for after-sales business across Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, and Bahrain for Nissan and Infiniti dealers. Also provided aftersales, sales and marketing support to Nissan, Kia and Mercedes dealers in California, USA.
Drove 11% increase in sales (2% Net Operating profit) through introduction of new structured aftersales programs for Service, Body shop, Parts, DND (Dealer Network Development), Customer Relation Management and Intellectual Property Rights
Redesigned SOP’s for Brand Loyalty, Retention and Staff Dealership Training to improve productivity, performance and establish a healthy working culture.
Worked with the board to guarantee customer satisfaction and continuously strive for the improvement of the service level with a customer centric mindset while meticulously handling logistics, Supply Chain and Warranty issues. Improved CSI scores from 45% to 82%
Improved bottom-line and customer retention piloting - ‘Quick Hits’- the National Sales Company’s focused initiative on Productivity, Efficiency & Utilization.
o Drove $3 Million in savings by enhancing workshop environment and workshop loading that reduced overtime spends.
o Saved 1.5M over a two-year span with power initiative CRM program.
Mapped ordering patterns and defined different channels of ordering and implemented Quick Performance Analysis Common Methodology (QPAC) to automate parts replenishment on Monthly Average Demand that helped register 8/.1% reduction in purchase of parts through air freight. o Drove significant increase in customer retention and profitability with best Total Cost of ownership offering to customers through seasoned / strategic marketing activities
Partnered with the IT team to drive digitisation with the implementation of e-Commerce platform & Mobile services for NSC's wholesalers that impacted the bottom-line positively with substantial sales growth and workshop revenue, high first pick rate of parts, increase in customer database and decrease in lost customers. PREVIOUS ASSIGNMENTS
Manager-After Sales GENERAL AUTOMOTIVE COMPANY LLC Jun 2008-Apr 2010 Branch Manager (OMASCO) AL FUTTAIM AUTOMOTIVE Jan 2005-Jun 2008 Senior Service Advisor METRO MOTORS AUTO Dec 2002-Dec 2004 Service Reception Manager ICHIBAAN AUTOMOBILES PVT.LTD Jun 1999-Oct 2002 Workshop Foreman SHAMAN AUTOMOBILES LTD Apr 1996-May 1999 EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
MBA -Operations Management Indian School of Business Management 2014
Diploma in Automobile Engineering British Institute of Engineering 1999
NCVT (Automobile) All India Technical Board 1995
P-SX (Project Service Expansion) Nissan Motors Ltd, Japan NML 2014
BP-DOS (Body and Paint Dealer Operations Standard) Nissan Motors Ltd, Japan NML 2014
NISTEC, NISAC, NIPEC, AS-DOS (Ambassador) Nissan Motors Ltd, Japan NML 2012
Contact this candidate