Stan Spilman
Software Engineering Manager
Remote and/or Denver, CO http://www.spilmansoftware.com/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/stanspilman/

Professional Summary
Software Engineering Manager with over 20 years of experience in the software development life cycle (SDLC), seeking a Manager of Engineering role where I build a collaborative team culture and drive strategy to grow revenue by leading teams from design, development, testing and beyond. I thrive in environments where I can influence innovative software implementation and initiate strategic development approaches.

Experience

Software Engineering Manager 10/2021 – Present

RevGen Partners, Centennial, CO (Remote)
Consulting Contracts:
Privacy Manager Onboarding: Comcast
Security Compliance: Implement measures to ensure systems meet regulatory bodies and industry standards, facilitate remediation, and identify and mitigate risk for California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act (CPRA).
Privacy Program project, collaborate with stake holders to drive projects to completion for each vendor application. Advise third party vendors to meet Individual Rights Requests (IRR) policies to ensure compliance.
Project Manager: Cable One
Manager of Revenue Assurance Analyst project. Microsoft SQL, Oracle SQL
Defined roadmaps and priorities to drive analysis of data to capture revenue for all services rendered.
Scope and create project plans, developing processes to execution.
Communicate to senior management on status, risks, and process/product changes.
Track financials for the project including budget tracking, expense monitoring, and financial reporting, ensuring optimal resource allocation and cost efficiency throughout the project lifecycle.
Execute Business Development initiatives by cultivating relationships with stakeholders to secure additional service offerings.
Software Engineering Manager: Denver Public Schools
Provided leadership and guidance to a team of developers by setting clear goals, managing performance, and fostering a positive work environment.
Delegate team member’s responsibilities, select and onboard direct reports to project, and provide strategy.
Executed clear vision and goals with the team to enhance an existing teacher scoring application.
Met weekly with stakeholders to provide updates on project and communicate any risk to completion.
Identified additional business development areas and pursued to a signed extension.
Orchestrated Midyear / End of year closing of scoring model and data imports.
Created and managed a project to upgrade the 2012 server to 2016 to match all other environments.
Managed the feature update project for custom built software – LEAP. Microsoft .NET MVC, Angular.
Solutions Architect: Dish
Solutions architect and managing implementation of their Customer Experience (CX) program.
Diagramed 3rd party data in / data out applications, AWS Snowflake data lake integrating with Qualtrics CX program. Draw.io, Lucid Charts.
Leading technical design for future Voice of the Customer (VoC) program.
Requirement implementation and documentation.
Security compliance coordination for wireless roll out.
Winner of the business development contest.
Database Developer: Comcast
Managing and helping analyze business logic delivery for front end consumption. SQL Server 2022.
SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) analysis and review defunct SSIS packages. Database clean up.
Execute Business Development initiatives by cultivating relationships with customers to secure additional service offerings.

Internal Company Activities
Led, organized, and facilitated regular meetings between managers and architects to enhance collaboration, communication, and strategic alignment within the company.
Marketing Content Manager for Data Analytics and Insights vertical, driving brand visibility and thought leadership in the industry. Please see LinkedIn posts.

Software Engineer Manager 8/2020 – 10/2021
Arrivia, Scottsdale, AZ (Remote)
Maintain Epic level delivery plan.
Company merged, managed a multi-disciplinary Agile team for platform consolidation.
Delivery of features for Epics/stories. Working closely with product owner for on time delivery.
Direct reports, six team members. All HR responsibilities for immediate team members.
PCI Security compliance remediation and Production defects.
Technical planning and prioritization of initiatives.
Responsible for the development lifecycle of the detail solution design and implementation on complex projects.
Work with product managers in developing a strategy and road map to provide technology support.
Work closely with Senior Engineers to architect, design, and develop features and services to build our travel platform by providing technical depth on a full-stack product development team in a .NET and Azure environment.
Translate business requirements into technical solutions, recommend alternative technical approaches, and lead engineering efforts to meet aggressive timelines with optimal solutions.
Recruit, develop, and maintain an engineering team that can deliver on time and quality.
Provide thought leadership on domain metrics and produce reporting to senior management.
Advocate for change in quality, durability, and technical debt reduction by working with Product Owners, Engineering Managers, and other important partners.
Safeguard the privacy, security, and trust of our members’ sensitive data throughout our implementations, in partnership with our Risk and Security teams.
Unleashed the velocity of our engineers and systems with processes and implementations that allow us to ship quicker, learn sooner, and isolate impacts.
Provided dedicated off-hour ticket support, ensuring uninterrupted service and prompt resolution of critical issues for clients, contributing to high levels of customer satisfaction and retention.

Senior Lead Software Engineer 12/2015 - 8/2020
Accesso Technology Group, Lake Mary, FL, (Remote)
Leading big teams on our large enterprise project centered on migration from FoxPro to WEB.
Manager for daily stand up, sprint planning and other Agile meetings.
Cross-team collaboration on integration (CI), continuous deployment and other Team Foundation services.
Overseeing development on AngularJS, 4.5 C# MVC5, .NET, SQL 2017, TFS, jQuery and JavaScript libraries.
Delivered committed after-hours ticket support, guaranteeing seamless service and swift resolution of high impact client issues.

Senior Software Engineer 01/2014 - 12/2015
Aspenware Consulting, Denver, CO, (Hybrid)
Large enterprise project centered on migration from FoxPro to MVC5, AngularJS and other JS libraries.
Provided support for AngularJS, 4.5 C# MVC5, .NET, SQL 2012, TFS, jQuery and JavaScript libraries.

Programming professionally since 1999. More experience upon request.

Education
Metropolitan State University, Bachelor of Science, Business Management and Entrepreneurship
Microsoft Certifications, MCPD Enterprise, MCP, MCSD, MCTS, MCT
Certified Scrum Master (CSM)
Police Academy
LinkedIn: Classes

Skills

Senior Development Leader
Directing projects with cross functional teams
Managing and delivering senior engineering leadership results
PCI Compliance
Privacy Program – CCPA, CPRA, GDPR, IRR
Current SDLC processes
Azure DevOps, Agile
Strategic Agility
Project Management
Certified Scrum Master CSM
Problem solver
Full Stack Web
C#, JavaScript frameworks, Micro-ORM, Python, SQL, Oracle

Extras / Interests
Owner, Meet Up: Boulder .NET User Group: 2005 – 2019
Attended, Denver .NET User Group: 2005 - 2019
Speaker:
o Application Insights Overview September 2021
o Windows 10 IoT & Raspberry Pi 2 2015, Boulder, Ft Collins, CO Springs. Introduction to AngularJS 2014
o Microsoft C# Direction 2008 & 2009
o ASP.NET Training for Classic ASP and PHP Developers
o Code Generation - Boulder User Group
o MS .NET 3.0 framework - Denver and Boulder Visual Studio User Group
o Microsoft WPF at Denver .NET User Group
Volunteer:
o Mentored College Students in software development
o Colorado Ranger – Assisting all police agencies in CO, 2015-2018
o Volunteer motivational speaker at Adams County Jail 2008-2012
o Christmas gift wrapping and distribution – Yearly
o High School interview prep, connecting driven students from low income for possibilities in college. Minds Matter Colorado
o Elementary School renovation, clean up and teacher assistance
Colorado Ranger: Graduated police academy in 2016 and Front-Line Service from 2015-2018
Training:
o 52k a week running
o Weight training
Races:
o Spartan Trifecta (1st place in my category) Colorado Spartan Race 2015 - present
o Tough Mudder 2018 - present
Archery: 1st place in bare bow recurve archery league (2016 and 2017)
Paramotor Powered Paraglider (PPG2) Foot Launch and Trike Pilot: 2022 – present
Gallop Clifton Strengths Top 5: Achiever, Strategic, Competition, Relator, Learner
Contact this candidate