650-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/wpaoli
ad451a@r.postjobfree.com
William Paoli - Engineering Manager

SUMMARY

I specialize in guiding teams from their initial formation to becoming high-performing collaborators, all while fostering a culture where innovation thrives. With over 7 years of hands-on experience in building and managing diverse teams at Atlassian, I've come to appreciate the excitement and challenges that accompany growth.My leadership approach centers on clear accountability, goal alignment, and knowledge sharing. These guiding principles serve as the foundation for nurturing cohesive, effective teams that not only drive success but also spark innovation.

Skills
Leadership experience: Front line management to managing managers (Senior Engineering Management)
Programming languages: JavaScript, React, TypeScript, Node
Software development methodologies: Agile, Scrum, Kanban
Tools and technologies: Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, Opsgenie
EXPERIENCE
Senior Engineering Manager - Confluence
Atlassian, Oct 2022 - Present (10 months)
Leading the teams that form the backbone of the page creation group, my role as Senior Engineering Management at Confluence entails crafting innovative solutions that enhance the content creation workflow. Our mission is not only to boost scalability and performance but also to revolutionize the way users interact and create within the Confluence platform (techstack: react/typescript/javascript/graphQL).

Senior Engineering Manager - Buyer’s Experience
Atlassian, Feb 2020 - Present (3 years 6 months)
Leading a team of 4 managers and 3 principal engineers, who oversee a team of over 40 engineers across 9 scrum teams. Responsible for innovating CMS technology to support go-to-market (GTM) strategy, demand generation, and e-commerce integrations.
(tech stack: javascript/react/Java/Freemarker/CMS tools)

Engineering Manager - Buyer’s Experience
Atlassian, Apr 2015 - Feb 2020 (4 years 11 months)
Manage the development team that is responsible for the Buyer Experience at Atlassian. This includes the development of the infrastructure for the marketing and e-commerce efforts on atlassian.com, statuspage.io, bitbucket.org, and opsgenie.com. I work with an amazing team of developers from Austin, San Francisco, and Sydney.

Web Developer Team Lead - Interactive Marketing
Atlassian, Nov 2011 - Apr 2015 (3 years 6 months)
Team lead for the Interactive Marketing team at Atlassian. Responsible for the front-end development of the website at atlassian.com.I helped the team build systems that would scale with the rapid growth of the company.

Web Developer
Atlassian, Dec 2009 - Nov 2011 (2 years)
I played a pivotal role in evaluating, implementing, and managing Atlassian's inaugural CMS, a landmark achievement in the company's history. This vital addition bolstered the capabilities of our agile marketing team. Further, I was the lead developer for a comprehensive re-branding, redesigning, and coding of our entire website from scratch, ushering in a new era for our web presence.

Web Developer
Navigenics, Apr 2008 - Nov 2009 (1 year 8 months)
Worked closely with product managers, UI designers and Java engineers to create the Navigenics public and member experience. Responsible for front-end development for www.navigenics.com and blog.navigenics.com. Template integration using the Java Wicket framework. Blog implementation with ExpressionEngine and PHP.

Senior Web Producer
Level Studios, Apr 2007 - Apr 2008 (1 year 1 month)
Lead developer for multiple client accounts. Project manager and main client contact for Salesforce account. Developed and maintained sites for high profile brands, Cisco (blogs.cisco.com), Motorola, Salesforce, Micron (www.aptina.com) and Apple’s online store.
Contact this candidate