Eric Yulfo
ad46s3@r.postjobfree.com • 516-***-****
linkedin.com/in/eric-yulfo/ • Oceanside, NY 11572
Software Engineering Executive
Technically minded and analytical professional with extensive experience in system engineering, development, and analysis as well as end-to-end development of complex software solutions.
Remarkable background of developing and integrating innovative features in multiple systems and applications by utilizing various technologies, such as multi-threading and caching to improve performance. Highly experienced in software management, systems architecture, enterprise application integration, application design, development, and maintenance. Intuitive leader with proven success in leading projects from inception to completion, developing/executing strategic business plans and control structures for projects, and ensuring successful completion within time and budget. Expert in advanced development methodologies, tools, and processes, leveraged to design and roll out cutting-edge software applications. Instrumental in conducting training and development programs and building and managing cross-functional teams to achieve shared visions and goals.
Areas of Expertise
●Full Life Cycle Development
●Software Analysis & Design
●Strategic Planning & Analysis
●Project/Program Management
●Continuous Process Improvement
●Application Development
●Quality Assurance & Control
●Object Oriented Technology
●Testing & Troubleshooting
●E-commerce & Websites
●Relationship Building
●Cross-functional Collaboration
●Product & Change Management
●Technical & Operational Support
●Team Leadership & Development
Technical Proficiencies
Programming Languages:
C# JAVA Python Vue Ruby PHP PERL SQL JavaScript TypeScript Bash C++ C Objective C Scala React Node.js Solidity CakePHP AngularJS Swift Go
Frameworks:
.NET .NET MVC Entity Framework WCF jQuery SOAP REST JSON ROR Bootstrap Spring Boot
Other Technologies:
HTML RSA Encryption AES Encryption CSS WordPress AWS Glue AWS Athena AWS Redshift AWS Aurora AWS RDS CloudWatch Glacier S3 CloudFormation RabbitMQ Redis Ant Maven
Databases:
Microsoft SQL Server MySQL Oracle SQLite Postgres
IDE:
MS Visual Studio Sublime UltraEdit Notepad ++ Eclipse NetBeans XCode VS code IntelliJ
Source Control:
Visual SVN Server Tortoise SVN CVS Tortoise CVS GIT
Containerization
CI/CD Tools:
Docker Kubernetes
Jenkins GitLab Bamboo AWS CodePipeLine
Bug Tracking:
JIRA Mantis Bugzilla Confluence
Web Servers:
IIS Apache Tomcat NGINX Jetty
Testing Methodologies:
White-box testing Black-box testing Unit testing Integration testing Regression testing
Career Experience
Kasisto, New York, NY 2023 – Present
Senior Software Engineer (10/2023-Present)
Managed the entire platform team while also being an individual contributor that was responsible for building and maintaining the KAI GenAI platform. While working closely with the product team, also acted as the SCRUM master for all agile ceremonies to ensure sprints are well-planned and defined to deliver increments of value every two weeks.
●Completed a full sprint assessment and implemented curated best practices to improve sprint efficiency and quality
●Led and contributed to the release of the KAI 5.0 platform with new GenAI functionality including the ability to leverage multiple LLMs with a simple UI and service based architecture
●Managed the release of KAI Answers 1.0, a sourced, sorted and searchable natural language based data repository for banking professionals
●Implemented processes to increase our team’s velocity by 21% while also decreasing cycle time by 12%
●Led the regular release cadence of the KAI platform and KAI answers every two weeks for the first time in the company’s 10 year history
●Individual contributor responsible for resolving software vulnerabilities in Java, Python, Django and Vue with regular scans using Sysdig and GitHub’s Dependabot
●Developed growth plans for each of my direct reports based on company OKRs and individual aspirations
●Improved team’s DORA metrics with monthly reviews using LinearB
●Individual contributor responsible for building new features for the KAI GenAI platform in Java, Vue and Django

ezTaxReturn.com, LLC, Jersey City, NJ 2010 – 2023
Chief Technology Officer (2018-10/2023)
Direct organization's technology and infrastructure vision, solution execution, and provision of a scalable operating environment, while reporting to the CEO. Coordinate annual planning, analysis, design, implementation, testing, and maintenance of ezTaxReturn.com e-filing application, as well as IRS/State approval. Oversee execution of annual tax legislation changes and for IRS and all supported state software approvals. Enhance software development productivity by streamlining internal processes. Deliver suspected fraud reports in XML based on custom-designed fraud filters as a member of IRS Security Summit. Design and build LexisNexis Fraud Analytics platform integration using microservices architecture. Contribute in organization and development of user authentication technologies, including Twilio REST API, Google Authenticator in C#, and RedOxygen.
●Supervised migration of all physical servers to Amazon Web Services
●Integrated Netspend Visa Prepaid Card API as refund option, resulting in 14% increase in e-filed tax returns.
●Recruited, trained, mentored, and retained a development team including developers, QA analysts, and tax analysts as well as grew the development team by 100%.
●Reduced customer service inquiries by 20% by leading plan, design, and coding part of implementation of Jumio Identity Verification REST API integration.
●Planned and supervised migration of blog to WordPress - https://blog.ezTaxReturn.com
●Created internal Linux WordPress staging environment In AWS for blog
●Managed the growth, focus, and performance of development resources
●Planned and led the migration of legacy data into a new data analytics system in AWS
●Played a critical role in developing strategies for operational scalability, data optimization, regulatory compliance, third-party relationships, and performance management
●Presented reports on the company's technology status, goals and or progress
●Created and implemented technology strategies
●Identified technologies to improve the company's products and services
●Created and oversaw high-level KPIs for department
●Assisted in recruiting, onboarding and training managers
●Managed the department's budget
●Created presentations/support to board members, investors, suppliers, and/or CEO
●Led the design and implementation of our identity management platform in the Ethereum blockchain using Solidity and Web3

Software Engineering Manager (2010 – 2018)
Managed full development team tasked with upgrading and maintaining front-end and back-end of ezTaxReturn.com personal tax e-file program on an annual basis. Collected specifications from partners such as Regions Bank and Santa Barbara Tax Products Group. Deployed and administered migration from IRS legacy tax platform to MeF XML/SOAP e-file platform. Organized and led installation of email encryption for user tax forms. Oversaw execution of Chase PaymenTech credit card gateway using .NET 4.0. Coded Form 1040 calculations migration to microservices by using C#.
●Led and grew the development team by 100% as well as managed compliance for IRS and states.
●Planned and integrated Cerberus HelpDesk using PHP and REST to display customer care responses online.
●Spearheaded support and state approval of 1D barcode, 2D barcode, and OCR technologies associated with state tax forms as PDF documents
●Created and oversaw high-level KPIs for development team

AT&T, Bedminster, NJ 2005 - 2010
Lead Software Engineer
ABS sales portal is a single point for managers to submit requests for system access and responsibility assignment for new hires and job changes. ABS sales portal contains over 100 portlets, which are used by thousands of AT&T employees. MyInfoCenter was built in the older version of Microsoft technologies. Project consists of converting existing .Net Portals to the Java platform. New application was built on Model-View-Controller architecture using Spring MVC framework in the J2EE environment.

●Engaged in gathering and analyzing requirements, identifying various individual logical components, expressing the system design through UML diagrams.
●Developed Controllers, view resolvers, Handler mappings and Java Server Pages as views, using Spring MVC.
●Produced JavaScript to automatically disable selected links until a given activation date.
●Developed a small module using AJAX in making asynchronous requests to the server.
●Constructed Document Tree – 3 Level with the help of JavaScript and CSS.
●Developed DOM-based interactive directory structure diagram with dynamically expandable directory trees for multiple portals.
●Used Data-table JavaScript Library & jQuery to implement CRUD operation on the fly.
●Used JavaScript Library to reduce the Search text boxes fields for searching records on portals.
●Used CK Editor plugins on Portal to implement Popup pages, with the help of JavaScript & CkEditor
Library.
●Created Dynamic Pagination with the help of JavaScript.
●Used JSTL custom Tag Library to limit the extracted data on Front End Pages.

Additional Experience as Software Engineer at AT&T, Bedminster, NJ

Education
Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science
Oswego State University, Oswego, NY
Contact this candidate