330-***-****, 330-***-**** (cell)

*** ****** *****
Cortland, Ohio 44410
Frederick P. Chordas
Objective
To obtain a challenging position with an organization that can effectively utilize my education and experience in Quality and Engineering with opportunities for future growth and advancement.
Experience
02/16-Present Talan Products. Inc. Cleveland, OH
Engineering Manager
Manage engineering staff, cost estimators, and Cleveland State University interns for high speed metal stamping industry.
Create Scope of Work for all potential automations, develop cycle times in order to secure new business and prepare cost estimations accordingly.
Collaborate with production to improve throughput, ergonomics, and provide a safe environment for the team members to work.
Increase EBITDA evaluating the entire process and establish more efficient ways to produce the products, eliminate waste, and avoid excessive movement.
Establish a collaborative team to work cohesively to complete any task.
Purchase new equipment to meet the demands of our customers, delivering a quality product at a significant cost savings.
Increase our (DFM) Design for Manufacturabilty presence in the industry, provide engineering solutions to our customers problems. Work directly with Automotive, Solar, LED Lighting, Building Products, Battery, and Roofing Engineering teams to establish the most economical way to produce their product safely and meeting all their mechanical, environmental and life cycle expectations.
Develop APQP process and program management system to ensure on time launches are met.
Implement automation within the plant to increase productivity and improve OEE plant wide.
Develop cost estimating program that utilizes approved suppliers, and generates P&L for analysis prior to launch to ensure profitability.
Manage all new automation cells being installed in the facility.
Conduct BOM reconciliations to true up with internal MRP system and aid in improving inventory accuracy.
Provide design for manufacturability expertise to all new product as well as develop VA/VE proposal to our current and potential future customers.
Work with outside tooling, machining, and plating sources to successfully launch and meet customer demands put forth on their purchase orders. Develop timelines provide customer updates, and meet schedules per contractual agreements.
01/15-02/16 Martinrea Heavy Stamping Shelbyville, KY
Engineering Manager
Manage engineering staff of Program Managers, Industrial Engineers, CAD Design Engineers, Project Engineers, Process Engineers, Robotic Engineers, and Welding Engineers and Manufacturing Engineers in a 1000 employee UAW facility 1,000,000 square feet complete with robotic weld assembly cells and 7 metal stamping press lines. Oversee all APQP activity and successful launch of new products and engineering changes within the facility, in order to maintain compliance with TS16949 Standards. Create and track CAPEX to meet corporate standards, and perform under budget. Provide program updates to corporate management for performance to budget, program launch schedules and meeting milestones and reaction plans if not on schedule. Use of Gate system for APQP as well as continuous improvement activities throughout the plant. Design to increase the cycle time of existing cells to meet MPW requirements in 5 days and improve efficiencies in the facility.
Provide technical and analytical stamping and weld assembly experience to the other Martinrea metalics divisions for assistance in successful launch of new products as well as improve on existing metal processing techniques.
Utilize Lean manufacturing techniques and conduct kaizen events to improve assembly cell throughput. Improve cell OEE by engineering improved cycle time, develop standardized work, improve on ergonomic issues increasing uptime and eliminating waste.
Utilize Value stream mapping as a tool to help improve work cell efficiency and productivity.
Responsible for all Engineering changes and successful implementation, from quote to PPAP. Maintain Engineering change log for quick reference.
Maintain safe operations of equipment for proper stop time distances tied in with light curtain operations.
Improve stamping and automated welding processes to ensure Class A surfaces maintain integrity
Attend new product technical reviews for product slated for our facility by providing engineering support for the equipment available capacity, as well as verification of blank sizes and processing techniques.
07/11-01/19/15 S&A Industries, Inc. Akron, OH
Engineering Product Manager
Manage engineering staff to complete program launches and develop porous duct technology utilizing blow molds, compression molds, injection molds and state-of-the-art assembly equipment to produce air ducting for engine and battery cooling vehicle systems. Also, maintain engineering requirements to meet or exceed TS-16949 requirements.
Conduct APQP meetings, manage projects from prototype development through all phases of advanced quality planning, submit PPAP to meet AIAG or customer specific requirements and close out project with documented lessons learned. Provide support to Quality department in order to meet QS-16949 requirements.
04/03-07/11 Com-Corp Industries, Inc. Cleveland, OH
Director Quality / Program Management / Sales Engineering
Manage quality team within organization to exceed all TS-16949 requirements.
Train and implement 5S within organization.
Conduct all internal customer surveys, internal audits, respond to corrective actions using multiple customer required methods, implement poke yokes to detect rejections.
Research and develop new business opportunities to help better utilize the open capacity available and diversify not only the customer base but the commodity.
Utilize manufacturing engineering expertise to offer VA/VE proposals to new and existing customers to insure involvement on new business opportunities.
Prepare conceptual designs, presentations quotations and account proposals.
Provide engineering support to both the manufacturing and tool & die design business segments of the organization.
Establish and develop new business opportunities using extensive stamping knowledge to re-design existing cast, and powdered metal components for cost saving, weight reduction and warranty issues with ROI of 6 months, and increased reliability by 600%. Received Patent number 20060266094A1 for this process.
Manage and increase customer base by providing engineering support with innovative cost effective ideas and manufacturing practices.
Program manage new products from PO receipt to PPAP all inclusive to meet QS-9000, ISO-9002 and TS-16949 requirements, using APQP.
12/00-04/03 Hamlin Steel Products, LLC Akron, OH
Director of Manufacturing and Engineering, General manager
Manage and direct all plant engineering activities, new product development, cost analysis, coordinate and evaluate all quotation activity, customer engineering support, coordinate all Kaizen activity, plant lay-out and all standardization within 105,000 square foot facility.
Sales activities support and follow-up, provide design for manufacturability support to customers to secure future business.
QS-9000, 1998, 3rd Edition and ISO 9002, 1994 Management representative.
Develop cost savings methods in manufacturing processes through Kaizen techniques
Manage all supervisors in production, maintenance and tooling, develop safety program.
Address all union issues. Oversee all repair work and new projects.
3/00-12/00 M & J Industries, LLC Lucasville, OH
Sales and Engineering Business Development Manager 3/00-12/00
Research, develop, design and implement profitable new business opportunities.
Direct product strategic planning activities. Implement APQP procedures.
Analyze existing business and propose improvements or enhancements to benefit the company and its customers, using Kaizen techniques and Lean Manufacturing methodology.
Aide in preparation of business plans and report on companies’ performance to plan.
Aide customer design & engineering groups to insure inclusion in new business opportunities.
Manage and report CMP and similar programs and assist with selection of opportunities.
Assist in contract review, and request for quotation and bring up to QS9000 requirements.
Track, report & improve on companies’ ongoing supplier ratings.
Analyze sales performance against programs, quotes, and plans to determine effectiveness.
7/84–3/00 Bliss Technologies, Inc. Newton Falls, OH
Director of Sales 1/99-3/00
Responsible for maintaining customer accounts for heavy truck, commercial and automotive. Responsible for directing customer service representatives in contract review and any related customer issues.
Call on current and potential customers, plan visits, address problems, solicit orders and create reports based on all visits and potential business.
Responsible for all requests for quotes, started the APQP process as phase 0 in a multi-phase process with a cost estimator working for me to continue the quoting process. Create and maintain updated request for quote log to track, number of quotes received, hit rate, and develop core competencies to focus sales efforts on our strengths.
Work with customer engineering departments to gain advantage for upcoming project for new vehicle programs, as well as with purchasing to assure our status on new projects.
Director of Engineering 6/94-1/99
Responsible for all engineering, maintenance, requests for quotation, contract review, and document and data control departments for three plants. Twenty-nine direct/indirect reports.
Developed and assigned cost saving projects, some with nine month paybacks using Kaizen techniques and Lean Manufacturing Methodology. Tracked performance to budget.
Developed and assigned a safety program using an environmental engineer.
Prepared all departments for QS9000 and ISO9002 requirements, passed audit December 1998.
Developed APQP requirements and assigned through project engineers.
Senior Manufacturing Engineer 7/93-6/94
Managed projects from quotation stage to production.
Outstanding working knowledge of tool developing and estimating. Wrote computer programs to do cost estimating, and tonnage requirements.
Outstanding design skills for new vehicle component parts, worked with customer engineering departments on design builds and changes.
Outstanding working knowledge of manufacturing processes, HSLA materials, structural component design, welding and painting systems.
Developed excellent working relationship with customer engineering and purchasing departments.
Grey Box projects for Freightliner, Ford, GM, Isuzu, Honda, Volvo Heavy Truck, Mercedes Benz, Hyster/Yale, York Int, Hayes-Lemmerz, Saturn, Delphi, Tenneco & Arvin Ride Control.
Design and implement process flow control systems for stamping applications.
Aided in design on fuel tank brackets, crossmembers, gussets, strut mounts, brackets: vertical muffler, fog lamp, cabsupport, cd mounting, bumper support, stabilizer and inflatable restraint, front step assembly, hood assemblies, front engine supports, ashtray bezel, dashboard assembly fluid motor mounts, drumbacks, spring seats, towmotor fender, and sliding capsules.
Quality Control Manager 10/88-7/93
Achieved company approval for ISO9002, Ford Q-1, Saturn GP-3 and Military STD-1405D.
Achieved certified supplier status for Freightliner and Volvo-Gm Heavy Truck Corporation.
Achieved Master’s of Quality supplier six years running for Freightliner, and Supplier of the Month for BMY military vehicles.
Wrote Quality Control Manual to support ISO9002 requirements and implemented all requirements within the organization.
General Labor 7/84-10/88
Worked all presses, welders, drove towmotor, quality inspector, die setter, general layout, metal finishing, and operated shear.

Education
6/96 Youngstown State University Youngstown, OH
B.S.A.S., Mechanical Engineering Technology.
12/93 Youngstown State University Youngstown, OH
A.A.S., Mechanical Engineering Technology.
Contact this candidate