Thomas A. Dotson
**** ***** ***** ********, ** **586
281-***-**** ad4l19@r.postjobfree.com

Subsea Controls Engineer - SME

Upstream / Midstream / Downstream Oil & Gas Control Systems Brownfield & Greenfield Development Engineering Project Management SME

A global control system engineer, team leader and engineering project executive with over twenty years of success executing high profile assignments in the US, Gulf of Mexico, South America, Europe and the Middle East (BP, Chevron, Exxon Mobil, Shell, Valero, Petro Bras, Pemex, etc). Leverages comprehensive expertise across the entire project lifecycle, from design, procurement, programming and testing to implementation, commissioning and maintenance of control and distribution systems.

Expertly manages huge, costly, difficult projects without wasting time, money, effort or energy by leveraging superior collaborative leadership expertise. Seizes opportunities and overcomes challenges by leading and inspiring team members, professionals and key stakeholders, in the development of solutions that perform flawlessly in complex, hostile and dangerous topside and subsea environments.

Allen Bradley, Siemens, Modicon, GE Fanuc, Emerson Delta V Topside/Subsea Production Control Systems Engineering
Bubble, Ladder Logic, Statement List Logic Programming FAT, EFAT, SIT, Testing, Commissioning PLC/DCS/SIL/PID
Conceptual, Pre-FEED, FEED, Manufacturing ITT/RFQs/RFIs, Tendering, Bid Evaluations, Procurement
SIS, R&D, Detailed, Interface & Engineering Management Topside Drill Floor Automation & Interface Management
Basis of Design, Data, Functional Design Specifications Data Logging, Microwave & IT Offshore
ProMax, PipeSim, SimApp, InTools, AutoCAD AspenTech, Siemens APACS, SimLab, ControlNET

ENTRUST Solutions Group, Houston, TX 2022-Present
An engineering services firm
Principal Controls Engineer - Remote

Process / Automation Controls Engineer – Responsible for hardware/ software integration development. Lead Engineer: Odfjell Houston Terminals, Enterprise Pipeline Development and Quadvest Waste Management.

Dotson Engineering, Seabrook, TX 2015-2022
An engineering consulting services firm
Subsea Controls Engineering Consultant - SME

Provide engineering design and consulting for onsite evaluations, project management, inspection, maintenance, P&ID level design, supervision of installation and commissioning.
BPX Checkmate CDP – Orla TX: Senior Emerson DeltaV Engineer – Responsible for DeltaV Commissioning Board Support.
Halliburton Energy Servies – Carrollton, TX: Process / Automation Controls Engineer – Responsible for hardware / software code development for Halliburton FloConnect Subsea Testing Equipment, Siemens PLC, OPC Communication including wireless networking, Field Trials, etc.
Valeo – Indianapolis, IN: Process / Automation Controls Engineer – Responsible for Siemens PLC / Fanuc Robotics Site Production,
Yokogawa – Houston, TX: Subject Matter Expert (SME) for Yokogawa’s Product Line in the GoM for Shell,
Total: Inspected, Tested, Mechanically / Electrically Certified Analyzers / Analyzer Buildings for the Total Ethane Cracker Project,
Shell: Supported the Procurement, Assembly, Onshore/Offshore Interface and Testing/Commissioning of a 3 level Boarding Shutdown Valve Skid attached to the Shell (SIEP) Vito FPS Offshore Platform in the GOM MCB 939 Field,
ExxonMobil: Onsite Inspection Services Including, Final Mechanical and Electrical Certification Completion documentation for final shipment,
Williams Technology: Supported the Design, Procurement and Assembly / Programming, Testing and Commissioning of a Remote Platform off the coast of Morgan City, TX,
Chrysler - Toledo, OH: Controls Engineer for Plant Floor on the Retrofit Jeep Wrangler 2018 Production Line – Responsible for the Siemens and Allen Bradly PLCs maintain the current production line and during the retrofit of new technology,
Sasol: LNG FAT, SIT & Commissioning of Mechanical and Electrical Certification for Hydrogen Liquefaction, Gasification & Distillation Plants.
BP: Entrusted with all instrument, electrical and control onsite expertise for fourteen individual skids (methanol, injection, HPU, etc.), once tested, commissioned and signed off, were shipped to Tahiti for integration onto a three-level offshore platform. Completed and witness tested all fourteen skids for shipment, started project behind schedule but, once on board completed tasks set forth by Chevron in a timely manner and saved Chevron immeasurable time and money, Nine skids were located within a 50mile radius of Houston, TX with five skids located in the state of Louisiana. Completed all Mechanical and Electrical Certification Completion documentation for final SIT,

WJM, Inc., Houston, TX 2017-2019
William Jacob Management is a leading consultancy and engineering company that plans, develops and executes large, technically-complex onshore and offshore projects.

Senior Subsea Control Systems Engineer – SME
Provided Project Management and forensic engineering studies for topside/subsea onshore/offshore oil & gas production control systems. All subsea instrumentation, electrical and controls inspection and studies.

Doris, Inc., Houston, TX 2014-2015
Oil and gas facilities engineering and capital project management Services Company.
Lead Subsea Control Systems Engineer – SME

Accountable for the management of Conceptual, Pre-FEED and FEED field development studies to detailed engineering design, including manpower studies and onsite supervision of installation and commissioning. Provided deepwater engineering support for various clients.
Served as Lead Subsea Controls Engineer for Chevron Malange FEED Study. Led a team of ten engineers with a field development investment of $350 million on a twelve-month FEED study. Duties included:
Preparation of the Basis of Design Documentation
Preparation of preliminary topside/subsea equipment functional specifications.
Preparation of technical notes reports and decision papers
Ensuring compliance with project philosophies and operability requirements
Development of testing, commissioning and installation strategies.
Interfacing with client engineering team.
Assist in reliability assessments
Provided support to the preparation of ITT documentation.
Provided support for RFQs, RFIs & evaluation of future supply chain procurement.
Managed PCB vendor on behalf of client during procurement, manufacture and testing phases.

Onesubsea, Inc., Houston, TX 2013-2014
A subsidiary of Cameron/Schlumberger, delivering integrated solutions, products, systems, and services for the subsea oil and gas market.
Lead Subsea Control Systems Engineer

Provides package lead support and oversight for the PEMEX Lakach ITT Smart Well Completion rebid and welding frame agreement support for Exxon Mobil. As Control / Umbilical systems advisor for Stone Energy, completed study of two umbilical eight-well tiebacks to existing BP Pompano platform.

Granherne, Inc., Houston, TX 2006-2013
A leading consultancy and engineering company that plans, develops and executes large, technically-complex onshore and offshore projects.
Senior Subsea, Topside & umbilical Control Systems Engineering Consultant - SME

Provided Conceptual, Pre-FEED, FEED, field, reliability and area Development Studies, Detailed Engineering Design to onsite Supervision for Testing, Installation / Commissioning of Subsea Production Control Systems for Onshore / Offshore Deepwater oil and gas projects. Served as subject matter expert on topside/subsea onshore/offshore production control system development and subsea processing. Member of the API 17O committee supporting High-Integrity Pressure Protection System (HIPPS).

Individually completed two $20M projects consisting of the engineering design, procurement and installation/commissioning and delivery of a subsea isolation valve on the pontoon of the Chevron Bigfoot and St. Malo platforms before load out from the shipyard. Both projects were led by three individuals with expertise in their required field. I was the Lead Control Systems Engineer. The isolation valve was an over site by the engineering staff at Chevron and required trips to the UK and abroad to maintain progress and a no skip tolerance schedule goal for load out on both platforms.
Handled $110M, three-year drill floor automation project for Hitec Industries covering driller chair and tool pushers chair plus the simulation software and hardware for offshore crew men to practice on video, saving time and money and improving safety.
Handled 58-well concept select study for Exxon/Mobil Equatorial Guinea Inc. (MEGI) as Subsea Control/Umbilical Systems Technical Advisor.
As Lead Control/Umbilical systems advisor for BP Kaskida FPSO Global Project with global company-level approach to Subsea architecture, procurement, implementation and commissioning.
Handled a FEED study completed in six months for the Chevron Lianzi Project, led a team of eight engineers with a field development investment of $750 million which included a DEH umbilical portion starting in a Pre-FEED status and later brought to FEED status at project completion.
As control/umbilical systems advisor for Chevron Jack St. Malo Project, handled detailed engineering-to-RFQ of Subsea safety isolation valve systems for umbilical and flowline interfaces.
As Umbilical Systems Advisor for two well tiebacks to GC-52 platform, handling detailed engineering to RFQ of umbilical / Subsea equipment.
Control systems advisor for MMS HIPPS Studies with API 17O field architecture designs, reliability study, SIL certification and maintenance program for the Marathon Ozona Pre-FEED and FEED studies.
Completed Pre-FEED and FEED study for the Marathon Ozona to lead the introduction of HIPPS system to the Gulf of Mexico, collaborating with departmental heads, R&D personnel and engineers from Cameron, FMC and Aker Kvaerner.
Handled Marathon Ozona feasibility pre-FEED and FEED study as advisor for 15,000 psi tieback, collaborating closely with departmental heads, R&D personnel and engineers within Cameron, FMC and Aker Kvaerner.
Performed Hess Australia WA-390-P concept select studies covering conceptual engineering for multiple gas fields on the WA block, evaluating field architecture, topsides, hulls, moorings/foundations and export options.
Developed flexible field architectures using standardized building blocks as lead control/umbilical systems advisor for Chevron Lianzi FEED, evaluating in-depth schedules and delivery drivers for Subsea equipment leading a team of 16 Engineers.
As control systems advisor for $90,000 Angola LNG contract, designed and engineered the controls and interfaces for onshore isolation valves including detailed pig launcher/catcher procedure and control telemetry.

Dotson Engineering, Seabrook, TX 1998-2006
Senior E, I & Control Technical Advisor

Notable representative engagements:

Completed 7 simultaneous $4 million projects for Graham Reynolds BOP at Hydril Inc.
Handled $120M, three-year drill floor automation projects for Hitec Drilling & Marine covering driller chair and tool pushers chair plus the simulation software and hardware for offshore crew men to practice on video, saving time and money and improving safety.
Saved Cameron $100 million by completing investigation and bench study, discovering that metal seats of the valve were not properly set before being deployed causing subsea controls module manifold valves to leak fluid at over 5,000 feet depth.
In $432 million project, completed R&D study on the best way to repair a leak in 23 cluster wells at the crossover valve without retrieval of each well with a possible mob/de-mob in excess of $1 million per well. Role was Control Systems Staff Engineer for Cameron.
Led Subsea Control Systems Technical Advisor for Cameron, supervised onshore/offshore design and execution of projects for ExxonMobil Kizomba A, B, C, Erha, Shell Malampaya, Husky White Rose, OMV Sole, Patricia Bleen, ChevronTexaco Agbami and Tahiti.
As Engineering Consultant for FMC Technologies subsea production control systems covering ExxonMobil (MEGI) Zafiro, Ekanga Notch and Zafiro Southern Expansion Area (SEA), Shell Nakika, Princess and Serrano Oregano.
As Lead Subsea Control Systems Engineer for Kvaerner Oilfield Products, handled aftermarket maintenance program for Canyon Express, ExxonMobil Erha, Penn-State Extension, Bluewater Ladybug and Garden Banks 201.
As Hitec Drilling & Marine Drill Floor Automation Systems Engineer, handled supervision and design of an eight-member team for Diamond offshore fleet, Chile’s offshore fleet, Transocean Horizon, Millennium and Pathfinder.
As Systems Automation Engineer for National Oilwell drill floor, supervised, designed and integrated engineering projects focused on programming and promoting the company’s Drawworks, Pipe Racker, Rough Neck, Top Drive and Mud Pump systems for R&B Falcon, Hibernia Development Project (Canada), Rowan Gorilla 5, 6 and 7.
As BOP Subsea Systems Engineer for Hydril Technologies on Sub-Sea MUX BOP control systems for Transocean Marianas, Sedco 707, Sedco Forex and Discoverer Seven Seas. Responsible for the control systems knowledge base between projects to confirm lessons learned are carried over to the next system completion before delivery.
Led simultaneous projects with total value of $350M, commissioning and certifying four Woodgroup downhole Pressure/Temperature DHPT gauges at W-Industries (Raouf Hadad) to interface with the FMC Subsea Control Module card rack prior to shipment of the project.

Whessoe Coggins, Inc., Houston, TX 1996-1998
Controls Engineer
Individually led and directed multiple vendors, plant personal and management team to implement an effective preventive maintenance program.

Handled $90M engineering project for the GATX tank farm retrofit for a copper-based control system replacing two-line copper system with five miles of fiber, 2 hot swappable Allen Bradley PLC 5 series PLCs and over five thousand remote I/Os. Role: Systems Engineer.

Cooper Industries, Inc., Mt Vernon, OH – Houston, TX 1990-1996
Field Controls Engineer
Individually supported Nationally/Internally programmed/maintained industrial Rolls-Royce rotating Coberra Units and Cooper-Bessmer reciprocating PLC based systems. I also coordinated activities for testing/programming control logic for Nuclear Plant LSV stand-by diesels in the U.S.

Installed, tested and commissioned eight RB211 Coberra Compressor Stations for the Trans Canada Pipeline in Canada and the U.S.
Installed, tested and commissioned two RB211 Coberra Compressor Units & four Avon power Units on eleven stations from the Persian Gulf to the Red Sea for Aramco, Saudi Arabia.
Supported the turnaround control maintenance for the Byron Nuclear Generating Station outside of Rockford, IL.
Two-year member of the R&D Lab for Cooper-Bessmer reciprocating R&D Lab.
Commissioned two RB211Coberra Compressor Units per station from the Persian Gulf to the Red Sea for Aramco in Saudi Arabia.
Discovered a multimillion-dollar shutdown problem at the Global Octane Plant in Pasadena, TX.

Education & Certifications

Texas A&M University, College Station, TX,
Bachelors of Science degree in Electrical Engineering Technology

Texas State Technical Institute, Waco, TX,
Associates of Applied Science degree in Electrical Power Technology
Contact this candidate