Michael Austad
New Braunfels, TX 801-***-****
ad4rgk@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/michaelaustad
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Proven history of supporting large enterprise security software solutions with a customer focus. Accomplished in collaborating cross-functionally to achieve company objectives. An ideal manager who can build customer relationships, foster teamwork, and creatively resolve challenges. CORE SKILLS
Troubleshooting Problem Solving Time Management Customer Focused Collaboration Linux Windows Active Directory SSL/TLS SSO/PKI SIEM Security PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Datashield/Lumifi - Remote
Security Engineering Manager February 2021 to December 2023 A positive leader with experience in MDR services, demonstrating adaptability in handling mixed priorities and tasks. Additionally, ensures alignment between the team and customers regarding goals and objectives.
● Leveraged SentinelOne and Defender for endpoint detection and response activities
● Assisted in isolating devices during a ransomware attack
● Onboarded Azure Lighthouse and created access templates for resource groups
● Mentored team in developing subject matter experts
● Patched a zero-day vulnerability in less than a day in over 40 customer environments
● Used many different communication channels to communicate, document, organize, identify, and resolve problems (JIRA, Zendesk, Confluence, Teams, Zoom, Webex, Slack, ClickUp, Smartsheet)
● Delivered technical support for cloud-based solutions and integrations (Microsoft Azure, AWS, and GCP)
● Onboarded Palo Alto Cortex XDR/XSIAM solutions
● Supplied project plans to executives and lead decision-makers in purchasing MDR services
● Managed SLOs and SLAs, for internal and customer support tickets
● Reported KPIs: MTTR below 30 minutes, MTTD within an hour, false positive alerts below 30%
● Maintained customer security updates, change requests, and team access
● Partnered with 3rd party providers in offering demos and subscriptions for research and development
● Planned and discussed backup, recovery, and storage options with customers RSA Security - Draper, UT
Senior Technical Support Engineer August 2013 to November 2020 Created technical design solutions for end users, consultants, or contractors. Achieved top engineer for closing the majority of support cases and authoring articles.
● Awarded top customer concept for improving customer experience, which improved the ability to close active cases.
● Managed and trained soft skills classes of 30-40 engineers: increased CSAT by 3-4%.
● Received recognition for promptly identifying network protocols, analyzing streams, reviewing OS configurations, and database management.
● Supported both RSA NetWitness (SIEM, CentOS 6 and 7) and RSA DPM (Encryption key/token lifecycle manager, Java, C#, C, Websphere, IIS, Apache).
● Reviewed and supported the use of correlation rules(YARA) for security analysis.
● Escalated issues/bugs to the Software Engineering team and followed through until proper closure. Symantec - Lindon, UT
Technical Account Manager June 2010 to August 2013 Managed annual service renewals for top-paying accounts, which included proactive planning for upgrades, defects, and support cases.
● Supplemented hex editor training for Whole Disk Encryption, which improved data loss recovery times and reduced time to resolve case closures by over 20%.
● Protected accounts with PGP Encryption for email, files, and network shares.
● Adhered to SLOs that involved multitasking and prioritization of projects. EDUCATION
Utah Valley University - Orem, UT
Masters of Science, Cybersecurity
Courses: Penetration Testing, Malware and Reverse Engineering, Web Application Security, Security Operations, SDLC, Risk Management
Pursuing CISSP certification this year, willing to also set GIAC certification goals for a sponsor. Weber State University - Ogden, UT
Bachelor of Science, Information Technology
Courses: Java Enterprise Programming, Database Design, Computer Architecture, Goddard School of Business and Economics, Project Management
Contact this candidate