James Ebeling
Main 419-***-**** **** Laver Rd.
Mansfield, OH 44905
ad4ukh@r.postjobfree.com

Executive Summary
Degreed mechanical engineer with more than 20 years of experience, seeking a position in a manufacturing environment. A seasoned professional with strong business skills. Major expertise in design, and process engineering working with multiple customers on multiple projects, Lean Manufacturing, and costs savings. Expert knowledge of overseas manufacturing, logistics, and project management. Extensive background with 2D and 3D software (including Solidworks, Inventor, Ideas, and Catia) and many ERP BOM software
Professional Background
Design Engineering Manager Dec 2019 to Present
IB-Tech, Bucyrus, Ohio
Design engineering Manager over design department, New Model department, and Process Engineering department. Company makes Seat recliners and slide rails for Honda, Subaru, Nissan, Tesla, and Mazda. Worked closely with QC. Sales and production for setting up new models, laying out design specifications, setting up PV test and ran test lab.
Managed workload and projects for 10+ associates
Created and managed department budgets
Worked closely with Customer and sales for design
Lead engineer for all aspects of New Model

Process Engineer Jan 2017 to Dec 2019
Newman Technology Inc Mansfield, Ohio
New Model Process engineer for multiple model vehicles (mostly Honda models) working out equipment budgets, process flows, cycle times, and process charts. Tooling including weld fixtures, inspection fixtures, stamping dies, and bend tooling. Worked closely with vendors for concepts, datum structure and QC data tracking.
Worked with multiple robotic welding systems, including OTC and Yaskawa
Hot Exhaust, Cold Exhaust, and Sash line set up and layouts
Pipe bending and equipment for exhaust systems including bend cycle times, capacity studies, and secondary process (i.e. end cut, forming, flaring, and resize)
Worked closely with Japanese engineers for all projects
Introduced new projects and processes for cost reduction activity (Kaizen)
Worked with project managers for APQP documentation and scheduling

Design Engineer 2012 to 2014
Hyundai Ideal Electric Co. Mansfield, Ohio
The design and project management of new multi-pole synchronous generators and motors. Working with multiple customers on many different aspects of function and form to develop the perfect system for their needs. Following project through from design to shipping working with vendors and current manufacturing to achieve on-time delivery and customer satisfaction.
• Current customer projects -
NASA
TAS Energy
Carrier Corporation
PT Indosama Persada, Indonesia
Dykman Electric

Owner/President 2005 to 2011
Ebeling Engineering, Inc. Shelby, Ohio
Ebeling Engineering, Inc. was an import manufacturing company that designed and built product overseas for other companies. We would design the parts, tooling, and sample the product for the customer. If the product and price was acceptable we would schedule manufacturing and shipping according to the customers' requirements.
• Starting in 05' our total sales was at 17k for six months business. We increased our sales to 125k for 06' and 630k for 07' in 2008 we reached 1.3M in sales and neted over 300k in profit.
• During or peak year we was shipping a full container a week to companies located all over the US. Purchase orders, sales agreements and invoices were all apart of normal daily duties as well as continuing sales and engineering work for new customers.
• Traveled to China six times for project related operations.

Project Engineer Fittings Group 2002 to 2005
Mansfield Plumbing Products Perrysville Ohio
I was in charge of new product development and new equipment implementation for regular production. I also set up shipments to and from China for tank trim and regular fittings and valves for resale. Product testing and evaluation was a regular part of my responsibilities.
• I designed and implemented a new flush valve for resale saving the company over 500K a year in total costs.
• I increased my skill level in plastics manufacturing and screw machine operations.

Design Engineer 1998 to 2002
Mansfield Industries Mansfield Ohio
Design and implementation of new products, new product development and tooling design for stamping operation. Mansfield Industries caters to the appliance industry supplying oven door hinges and basic appliance parts.
• I designed, tested and implemented a new 4-bar cam lift system for a Tanneu Cover.
• Designed tooling for overseas manufacturing for press operations.
• Became a member of ASME, and earned certificates in lean manufacturing and preventive maintenance.

Jr. Engineer 1995 to 1998
Copperweld Shelby, Ohio
Helped in redesigning scarfing and roll tooling for the production of DOM steel tubes. Created and maintained electronic files for AutoCad and launched new program for maintenance of existing equipment.
• One major achievement was the project management and installation of a new de-mag system for the finish line on line two.

Education
A.S., Mechanical Engineering 1995
North Central Technical College Mansfield, Ohio
Finished degree in three years supporting a family and working. Graduated with 3.7 GPA and high science math and computer skills.
1986-1988
University Of Tenn., Chattanooga Chattanooga Tenn.
Attended school for two years before entering the Army. I never declared a major
•
Served in active military, US Army, 1988-1992 – Panama, Desert Shield, Desert Storm
Contact this candidate