HECTOR LINARES
Engineering Manager
412-***-**** PITTSBURGH, PA ad4wdn@r.postjobfree.com

Objective

Seasoned Engineering Manager and Chief Engineer with experience in Project Management and Engineering Design and excellent analytical and problem-solving skills looking to apply his knowledge as Engineering Manager to successfully coordinate engineering teams working on large scale projects.

Skills & abilities

Analytical
Electrical and Mechanical Engineering
MS Office, Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Critical Thinking
Project Management
MS Project
Teambuilder
Industrial Safety
Power BI
Technical Talent development
Operations and Maintenance experience
AutoCAD, Revit, Navisworks
Leadership
Capital Projects Planning
SAP, JDE

Experience

CARMEUSE
Electrical Engineering Manager Nov.2021 - Feb. 2024 Pittsburgh, PA
Mitigate electrical hazards, improve reliability, optimize use of electrical energy and incorporate new technologies developing the methodology to create a 10-year Electrical Modernization Plan for the North America group conducting site assessments on almost 30 sites.
Save up to $500k in production losses implementing solutions using RCFA for catastrophic failures on production lines, including kilns, hydrators, dryers, pumping systems and mills.
Achieve Zero electrical related accidents in all the sites through the development and implementation of a Corporate Electrical Safety Procedure based on the latest revision to the NFPA70 and conduct technical training across North America.
Develop basic engineering for Automation projects including PLC upgrade projects, PDF’s, P&ID’s, IO lists, Networks and coordinate with external engineering firms and contractors for project execution.
CARMEUSE
Chief Engineering Dec. 2017 - Nov.2021 Pittsburgh, PA
Recruit, develop and manage a team of designers, electrical and mechanical engineers to provide technical support to the Capital Projects and the Process, Automation, Mining, Geology Reliability, Maintenance and Operation Teams.
Perform feasibility studies for Capital Projects and optimization initiatives evaluating cost savings (up to 30%), yield increase (up to 10%), energy efficiency (up to 7%) and risk mitigation.
Modernize the corporate engineering process through the implementation of a 3D workflow in the company partnering with Autodesk CAD software including Revit, Inventor, AutoCAD and Navisworks, saving 35% on subscription costs managing the licenses for the whole North America group.
Create, update and use Engineering Standards and to specify equipment and make recommendations to operators and project managers.
ELEMENTIA
Engineering and Maintenance Manager Sep. 2012 - Nov. 2017 Thomaston, ME, Boston, MA and Charleston, SC.
Save up to 30% in engineering costs through the design, construction and commissioning of Capital projects to handle alternative fuels and cement additives, incorporating fire detection and prevention systems. Upgrade PLC and Automation systems and MV VFD’s.
Achieving a record of zero accidents in 5 years modifying electrical and maintenance procedures to mitigate hazards and improve electrical safety.
Save up to $1.3M in productions losses leading support to a sister plant to perform RCFA and implement repairs and upgrades to prevent repetition of a catastrophic failure on the main gear of a vertical mill, reducing the production outage from 2 months to two weeks.
Reduce up to 10% of variable cost designing and building a slag feeding system for cement mills, including a dryer system with BMS.
Teambuilder of a multidisciplinary group of engineers and maintenance technicians across the USA, using organizational and interpersonal skills to create an effective maintenance structure across multiple Laboral environments including a diverse and multicultural workforce.
Improve 15% the reliability of the production lines and reduce fixed costs using TPM methodology, including Predictive Maintenance and Continuous Condition Monitoring Systems.
CEMEX
Electrical Engineering and Maintenance Manager Feb. 2000 - Sep. 2012 Monterrey, Mexico
Company liaison to conduct risk assessments with FM global Consulting Engineers on cement plants, achieving an increase from 86% to 95% on the overall rating.
Electrical Project Manager and Subject Matter Expert for Electrical, Control and Automation Capital projects for 15 cement plants. Managing a portfolio of more than 100 projects up to $5M
EARLY WORK HISTORY
System manager for expert control systems like Neural Networks and Fuzzy logic.
Field Engineer in training for oil drilling operations in South and North America for Schlumberger.
Maintenance planner for a Chemical polymerization plant. Development of their preventive and predictive maintenance plans.

Education

INSTITUTO TECNOLOGICO Y DE ESTUDIOS SUPERIORES DE MONTERREY
Monterrey, Mexico MBA
UNIVERSIDAD DE LAS AMERICAS PUEBLA
Puebla, Mexico BS in Electronics and Communications Engineering

Communication and Languages

Excellent communication skills with proficient use of English and Spanish languages.
Contact this candidate