Sasa Markovic

PERSONAL DATA
Telephone: +381*********
E-mail: ad4yem@r.postjobfree.com
EDUCATION
• Graduate studies: Faculty of electrical engineering (1994-2000), University of Belgrade
Major: Telecommunications
Title: Master of Science in electrical engineering
Average mark: 8,38 (10,00)

WORKING EXPERIENCE

Sept. 2020 – :
Company: Endava
Position: Senior Infrastructure Consultant
Role Description: Support for hardware and software related issues. Working with clients and projects. Working with Virtualization, backup, migration, Cloud infrastructure, update, RCA. Working with various software and hardware vendors, depending on client’s environment. Virtualization expert.
Projects and achievements:
RCA of latency issues in client’s environment and instabilities. Working on VMware and storage infrastructure and providing infrastructure support for application part of RCA.
Migrate client’s on-premise environment from datacenter that is to be decommissioned onto Azure and/or AWS, dependent on part of the environment, and clients decision.
Create LLD and follow it to involve creating environment with clustered HyperV environment using on-server storage and backup solution (clustered HyperV, VMM, SCCM, MSSQL, S2D, CommVault)
Creating HLD and LLD on migration process for client migrating from old legacy network onto new 10Gb reducing and reconfiguring VMware infrastructure.
Working on Client migration to internal Cloud platform (HyperV based). Migrating VMware to HyperV and reconfiguring CommVault for encrypted VMs, working with Linux VMs.
Creating strategy and working in datacenter or with remote hands-on to rack/install/(re)configure/decommission/unrack various datacenter equipment. Working with DELL and HP servers, 3PAR, PureStorage, Nimble, IBMv3700, Unity, Brocade, Vmware, HyperV.

Feb. 2020 – Aug. 2020:
Company: Nutanix
Position: Systems reliability engineer
Role Description: Support for hardware and software related issues. Support for Nutanix virtualization platform, VMware, Veeam. On-call engineer and remote support for clients.

Sept. 2013 – Feb. 2020:
Company: Fincore
Position: System engineer, Project manager, System architect
Role Description: Support for hardware and software related issues. Support for online betting infrastructure (worldwide online betting and games). VMware, Veeam, Storage SME and consultant for DR and other virtual infrastructure projects. Storage and backup solutions engineer. Maintaining physical and virtual machines with Windows and Linux (various versions – 3000VM, 100 ESXi hosts). Working with EMC VNX, Hitachi, DELL Servers and storage units, vSAN, HP C3000, HP 7000 chassis and rack servers, HP Virtual connect, Cisco UCS, IBM H chassis, SAN Brocade, Azure cloud, Netbackup, Veeam, Zabbix, Grafana. Team lead for local Infrastructure team. Basic SQL server operational and maintenance tasks. Leading several infrastructural migration, refresh and consolidation projects. Continuous communication with customers and proactively fitting our work and tasks into their requirements. Architecting solutions based on new implementation requirements, migrations due to acquisitions.
Projects and achievements:
Architecting solution for improving monitoring and maintenance procedures for whole VMware environment (Production, office, NPE, DR). Consolidated environments and upgraded to latest VSphere versions.
Saved time and effort for future VMware operations by consolidating hardware and environments and providing proper trainings to both customer and support team.
Architected and implemented backup solution (Veeam B&R) on several environments. Used replication for system migration between different locations
Architected and implemented DR solution (Server and storage Infrastructure, Vmware installation and configuration and replication configuring)
Migration of whole vmware systems from old to new equipment (HP C7000, Hitachi AMS2500, EMC VNX, Brocade),
Several datacenter migration projects
Reduced overall costs by consolidating storage and vmware environment and reducing footprint to 40% of initial size (Storage, Brocade, Vmware, Servers)

Sept. 2011– Sept 2013:
Company: Hemofarm AD
Position: System engineer, Project manager, System architect
Role Description: Support for hardware related issues (HP rack and blade servers, SAN storage infrastructure), VMware system engineer, SAN infrastructure engineer, Veeam backup engineer, and member of Windows SAP support team. Supporting VSphere infrastructure on several dispersed locations and maintaining optimal hardware and software configuration. Architecting solution for backup of multiple site VMware infrastructure. Working with HP C7000, HP Virtual connect, EVA, 3PAR. Architecting and executing infrastructural internal projects. Communicating with the rest of the internal teams into resolving project requirements while providing best suitable solution with available resources.
Projects and achievements:
Architected backup solution (Veeam B&R) on several environments. Used replication for system migration between different locations.
Created Installation, qualification and other protocols documentation related to vmware and backup infrastructure, required for regulator testing and validation.
Supported, migrated, and upgraded VMware environment collocated on one central and several remote locations.
Technologies: Virtualization (VMware), Backup (Veeam), Server and storage, Support, Windows/Linux

Apr 2007 – Sept. 2011:
Company: Ministry of Interior
Position: System architect
Role Description: Integration architect and project manager for various services provided by Ministry of Interior – Police department. Working with equipment by various manufacturers (IBM, HP, Dell, Fujitsu).
Experience in hardware and system design based on overall user requirements Lead engineer for ESX Virtual infrastructure in MoI, leading several major government projects for issuing official documents.
Projects and achievements:
System architect. Created and implemented several Virtualization projects using several IBM chassis and few dozen rackmount servers.
Led multiple international procurement processes from design to delivery. Process includes system design, making technical specification achievable by various software and hardware vendors, evaluating technical part of the offer and validation of delivered equipment.
Presented MoI in international procurement process IPA 2008 and participated in evaluations of the offers from various vendors (IBM, HP, SUN).

Mar. 2006 – Apr 2007:
Company: Konvereks d.o.o
Position: Sales engineer,
Role Description: Working with various foreign manufacturing companies (mostly power supplies). Following open procurement requests and replying to various user requirements for the equipment delivered by the company. Creating User manuals and training material for customers and acting as on-field support. Installed several various UPS units and generator sets (1kW to 80kW with various autonomy interval)
Technologies: Power supplies (MGE, APC, SDMO)

Dec. 2003 – Mar. 2006:
Company: Crony d.o.o.
Position: Sales engineer,
Role Description: Working with various foreign manufacturing companies (CATV and Fiber optic cables, instruments, tools, CATV equipment…). Following open procurement requests and answering on various user requirements for the equipment delivered by the company. Creating User manuals and training material for customers, presenting new equipment and tools at customer’s office, or at fairs and presentations.
Projects and achievements:
Delivery of cable equipment for biggest cable operator in Serbia
Preparing company for ISO 9001:2001 certification - quality management representative.
Technologies: Power supplies (Alpha), Cables and CATV equipment (CommScope, Corning)

Nov. 2000 – Dec. 2003: “Nikola Tesla” secondary technical school, as secondary school teacher in electrical group of subjects.

OTHER SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS
Working experience with various Operation systems: RedHat, Solaris, Windows, OEL, AIX.
Knowledge on various cloud platforms (Azure, AWS). Attended AZ500 course.
Hardware experience with various vendors: HP, IBM, SUN, Brocade, DELL, Hitachi
Experience in hardware and system design based on client requirements.
Working experience with VMware software package – design, configuring and administration, migration (P2V, V2V, P2P) and system integration.
Excellent team leader and mediator.

Most recent Certificates
•VCP6 recertified July 2018
•VSP, VTSP Sept 2017, VMSP, VMSTP Sept 2017
• ITIL v3 foundation
• RHCSA 7 June 2018
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
AZ500
CompTIA Security+
Contact this candidate