SHAFEEK KOYANI
ABOUT ME
Experienced Facility maintenance Manager
with more than 10 years of proven success in
optimizing facility operations of buildings,
excelling in project management, and
spearheading safety initiatives. Skilled in
coordinating maintenance tasks, utilizing
Building Automation Systems, and
establishing preventative maintenance
protocols. Detail-oriented professional
proficient in overseeing a team of Facility
Maintenance Technicians, prioritizing tenant
concerns and needs. Knowledgeable in
environmental health and safety regulations
pertaining to the built environment and
legal mandates. Strategically manages
operations for all designated facilities and
construction projects.
CONTACT
P: +971-*********
E: ad51us@r.postjobfree.com
W: http://www.linkedin.com/in/nithin-
parol-1ab9b098
SOFTWARE & SKILL FLUENCY
WORK EXPERIENCE
ASSIST. FACILITY MAINTENANCE MANAGER
Clairvoyant Facility Management Company Dubai (Nov 2020 – Current)
Led a team of engineers and technicians, improving efficiency through leadership and training. Implemented a preventative maintenance program, reducing system downtime and extending asset lifespan.
Created contracts for projects, managing scopes of work and contractor performance. Improved interdepartmental collaboration for planning, estimation, dispatching, transportation, and procurement.
Supervised maintenance, installation, and inspection of electrical, telecommunication, HVAC, plumbing, fire safety, and civil works systems, ensuring compliance with regulations.
Managed maintenance staff, assigning tasks, providing guidance and training, and monitoring performance. Managed the maintenance budget, seeking cost-saving opportunities.
Maintained detailed records of maintenance activities, preparing reports for management.
Project Handled
Damac hills - client Damac properties various location in Dubai
Emaar properties- client Emaar various location in Dubai
Aspin tower-client Aspin holding -financial center Dubai
one central office building -Takeda pharma-trade center Dubai
Feds-malecain pavilion-for Dubai expo-expo city
Astro lab-client Astro lab business platform-Dubai
Arabian ranges- client Emaar properties Dubai
Al wasal properties-Dubai
Villas for Nakheel properties-Dubai
Office for British American tobacco co. Dubai
FACILITY COORDINATOR & MAINTENANCE IN CHARGE
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank (ADCB) UAE (Sep 2019 – Oct 2020)
Implemented HR strategies and initiatives aligned with business objectives and security protocols to enhance operational efficiency and security.
Led a team responsible for installing and maintaining ATMs, coordinating manpower and equipment, managing subcontractors, and ensuring safety protocols.
Developed an Asset Management Program in collaboration with senior leadership, including assessing asset conditions and values, forecasting costs, assisting with asset recording, ensuring adequate insurance, and conducting inventory for effective asset management. A S S T. F A C I L I T Y M A I N T E N A N C E M A N A G E R 70%
80%
70%
75%
60%
50%
FIRE AND SAFTY
ELECTRICAL
PLUMPING
HVAC
Auto desk CADD
Navis works
Project Handled
Installation and maintenance of various assets (Bank branches, ATMS, servers, computers, varies MEP elements Etc.) with in Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank (ADCB) UAE.
Maintaining assets of Abu Dhabi Commercial Building and villas and properties under ADCB
FACILITY COORDINATOR (MEP MAINTENANCE CORDINATOR)
Union National Bank (UNB), Dubai (Oct 2013 – Oct 2020)
Developed action plans for the implementation and maintenance of mechanical, electrical, and plumbing systems at Union National Bank branches.
Oversaw vendors, facilities staff, and service providers to ensure an efficient and non-disruptive work environment.
Supported the Facilities Manager in project implementation, procurement of materials, contract preparation, and scheduling.

Project Handled
Installation and maintenance of various mechanical, electrical, and plumbing systems within Union National Bank branches.
procurement of materials and estimating cost for various MEP works. ENGINEERING SHIFT SUPERVISER (MAINTENANCE INCHARGE) GLORIA Hotel and Yassat Gloria Hotel Dubai (Oct 2012 – Sep 2013)
Responsible for developing and implementing building maintenance and operational programs for all company facilities.
Oversee and manage vendor contracts for maintenance items, activities, and tasks.
Provide continuous supervision of electrical systems, HVAC system and plumbing systems. Must possess the ability to effectively manage and supervise complex, multi-discipline projects at various locations simultaneously.
Required to plan and execute work that demonstrates a comprehensive understanding of electrical/electronic and mechanical theories and principles, as well as proficiency in writing specifications, local and national electrical codes, material properties, and the operation and application of electronic equipment.
Oversaw and managed call-out teams responsible for responding to maintenance issues and emergencies.

FACILITY SUPERVISOR
Emrill Services LLC In Dubai U.A.E (Oct 2013 – Sep 2009)
Delivery of Integrated Facilities Management services to prestigious residential communities, retail community centers and Mosques, for clients such as EMAAR in Emirates Living, Arabian Ranches in Dubai and EMAAR Community at UM Al Quwain, United Arab Emirates Project Handled
Emaar Malls & Hospitality Group and Retails, Resorts And Mosque’s In Charge With Emaar Master Community Inn
TEAM LEADER (MEP MAINTENANCE)
BK GULF LLC in DUTCO group at Emirates NBD, Dubai. (Oct 2006 – Sep 2009)
Responsible for planning, monitoring, and supervising all activities associated with Team Members of the assigned area related to maintenance of MEP works.
Responsible for maintaining efficiencies and team measurables through maintenance principles and practices, human resources planning, and flexibility.
EDUCATION
Course - Bachelor of Engineering - Electrical Engineering
Course - Diploma in Electrical Engineering
Course - I T I - National Certificate (NCVT- Electrical)
Course - Wireman License (India)
KEY ACHIEVEMENTS
Received a Certificate of Appreciation for outstanding performance and contribution during the Emirates Living ‘One Week Challenge’ from Sr. Facilities Manager and signed by EMRILL General Manager- Residential.
Received a certificate for the Employment of the month from EMAAR group.
Received two certificates in sports & Events for the best player of the Cricket and Badminton in Emrill Carnival.
LEADERSHIP TRAINING
1. Toolbox Talk Training
2. First Aid Training
3. Scaffold Erecting
4. Giving Effective Employee
Evaluations for Appraisers
5. Work Method Statement and Risk
Assessment
6. Writing Business Letters and
Emails
7. Quality Control Services
8. Advanced English
9. Confine Space Training
10. Lifting Operation
11. Internal Permit to Work
12. Safety Training Observation
Program
13. Working at Height
14. Waste Management Training
15. Job Safety Analysis (JSA)
Workshop
16. Defensive Driving Seminar
17. Occupational Health and Safety
Course
Contact this candidate