Ajeesh Kumar
Construction Manager- ICT / ELV
B.E. (Bachelor of Engineering) in Electronics and Communication, UPDA/MMUP
Email: ad5dm6@r.postjobfree.com, Mob: +974 -77443757
Career Profile
Working as a Construction Manager-ICT / ELV, holds a Bachelor of Engineering degree in Electronics and Communication Engineering (UPDA Certified) and having over 14 Years of experience in Construction, Testing and Commissioning of large scale integrated Electrical- ICT / ELV (Extra Low Voltage) systems. Objective
To get a challenging position in the field of ICT / ELV engineering, in a very growth-oriented company, wherein I can apply the knowledge acquired from my academics and practical exposure so as to further improve my skills to reach new horizons effective proven organizational capabilities, able to work in high-pressure and multi-stake holder environments delivering high quality results in short frames, with the recognized ability to build relationships at any level in an organization.
Experience
Intelligent Data Communication, Doha, Qatar
Duration: Feb 2021 - Present
Position: Construction Manager-ICT / ELV
Projects: Development of Doha Air Base (DDAB)
Hamad International Airport Expansion project – HIAEP-063 Job Description
Project Planning and Execution, Team Management, Technical Expertise.
Completely responsible for all the Construction activities related to ICT / ELV System including Installation, T & C until final handover to the end user/client.
Coordinating closely with all the contractors and consultants at site related to various services at site for smooth execution of projects and to avoid re-works.
Leading a Team including Site Engineers, QC Engineers, Subcontractors, Supervisors & Technicians for execution of ICT / ELV System Project.
Coordination with all internal departments including Design, QA/AC, Planning, Procurement to ensure smooth execution of project.
Instructing the Site team in Installation of System as per the Drawings and ensure all the works carried out at site are as per Local/International Standards & Project Quality requirements.
Conducting internal meetings with the team members to understand the work progress, challenges faced in projects, required resources includes manpower, materials to deliver project within the agreed timeframe.
Communicate with the Company Management on behalf of the entire Team members for the required support in all aspects to ensure Project works are running in the expected pace and to improve the further productivity.
Preparation of Work schedule, Man-hours calculation in order to approach the management and get the required resources to get the Project delivered within the stipulated schedule.
Preparation of Daily, Weekly, Monthly Site Progress Reports for submission to Client.
Follow up with all teams on-site according to agreed time frames to ensure project is delivered within appropriate time schedule and work with team to ensure project is delivered within agreed budget. IPT Design LLC, Doha, Qatar
Duration: June 2016 – Jan 2021(4 Years 6 months)
Position: Senior Electrical- ELV Engineer
Projects: Development of ISF Camp -Al Duhail- CPC08Q Strategic Food Storage Facilities (HAMAD PORT PROJECT) Msheireb Down Town Doha (Phase 1B)
Msheireb Down Town Doha (Phase 1C)
Job Description
Responsible for managing and coordination of Electrical-ELV Engineers team.
Check, Prepare and conduct all commissioning works in accordance with Project specifications and standards.
Review specialized vendor Testing & Commissioning procedure and prepare it for submission to consultant.
Supervise Testing & Commissioning activities and manage all related documentation.
Responsible for the Installation, Testing, Pre-commissioning and Commissioning of Electrical systems like HV panel, capacitor bank, buss bar, LV panels, control panels, VFD, SMDB, DB, Lighting control panel, UPS etc.
Responsible for the Installation, Testing, Pre-commissioning and Commissioning of ELV/ICT systems like Fire Alarm System, VESDA (HSSD), CCTV, Access Control, Structured Cabling System, Intrusion Detection Systems, ICT, AV, BMS, PLC, Wireless Clocks, Data Network, Voice Evacuation System, Audio/Video system, Background Music/Public Announce System, GSM, GRMS, Room Occupancy System, Disable and Panic alarm system, IPTV, etc.
Receiving & reviewing technical specifications.
Inspecting various Electrical and ELV-ICT systems and prepare the punch(snag) list.
Coordination with consultant and MEP subcontractors for engineering and design issues.
Monitoring approval of submittals by the consultant.
Prepare the Master punch list and commissioning tracker.
Prepare, update and monitor CAS program (Commissioning Activity Schedule).
Review Material submittal, specification and O&M.
Review the Test pack and conduct the inspection.
Reviewing Fire alarm system Cause & Effect matrix.
Making improvements to and offering advice about operational procedures.
Managing communication for all project progress and schedule.
Provide technical assistance to commissioning team.
Analyzing all issues and provides technical solutions for process.
Scheduling and coordinating work to tight deadlines.
Ensuring the equipment and system works to its specification.
Liaising with installation / project Engineers.
Writing reports and documentation.
Providing technical support and ensuring safe working conditions.
Maintaining safe work according to HSE guidelines. Aztorion Engineering and Contracting WLL, Doha, Qatar Duration: May 2014 to May 2016 (2 Years and 1 Month) Position : Electrical-ELV Engineer
Projects: Msheireb Downtown Doha (Phase 1A)
Qatar Women’s Sport Committee (Aspire Zone, Qatar)
Organized the working of the project.
Prepared the submittals required for the materials and ensured that they were following the specifications.
Co-ordinates with construction management team for readiness of the buildings for installation of equipment’s
Monitored projects and ensured its proper execution.
Assisting draftsmen to prepare the shop drawings and coordination drawings of the newly awarded projects.
Inspected the material and escalated all issues to the consultants.
Evaluated the engineering drawings and coordinated to install the required equipment.
Monitored the project and tracked the delivery of the materials to the site, ensured that the shipping schedule meets the project schedule.
Evaluated the job performed and provided the necessary follow up for payments.
Assisted the customer and reviewed the work, gathered the customer’s requirement, and obtained a deadline for the project.
Scheduled the project and performed monthly audits and ensured that the project timeline was maintained.
Documented project progress and submitted all financial projects to management.
Skilled to perform pre-commissioning of ELV Systems and Fire Alarm System.
Developed drawings for the job close out and prepared the O&M manuals. Denver Power India, India, Kerala
Duration: January 2010 to April 2014 (4 Years and 3 Months) Position: Electrical--ELV Engineer
Location: India
Conducting meeting with subcontractors to understand pending jobs on site.
Coordinating with engineering subcontractors for drawings and deliverables.
Follow up action with vendors for delivery and technical clarifications.
Preparation of site survey report and existing layout.
Liaison with client/consultant for information and approval of drawings.
Preparing the documents for stage wise package submission.
Compiling documents required for pre-commissioning and commissioning activities for ELV Systems.
Preparing the system ready for testing & commissioning.
Site Inspection along with client before testing and commissioning.
Ensuring all safety precaution like PTW, JOB HAZARDS analysis before testing and commissioning
Assisting the lead commissioning engineer in testing and commissioning of all ELV System, Fire Alarm System and BMS.
Certifications
UPDA/MMUP Certified Electronics Engineer with Reg No:21073
CSA (Commissioning Specialists Association- UK, Certificate No: 1911309)
Pursing – PMP
IT Skills
MS Office
MS Windows
Autodesk Constructware
ACONEX
AutoCAD
Key Skills
Communication, Leadership, Organization, Negotiation, Problem-solving.
Project management methodologies, Budgeting and cost control, Risk management, Stakeholder management.
Adaptability, Teamwork, Time management, Stress management. Professional Qualification
B.E. (Electronics & Communication) in 2009 from Oxford College of Engineering Affiliated to V.T.U, Bangalore.
Personal Details
Marital Status : Married
Gender : Male
Nationality : Indian
Visa Status : Valid Qatar Residence visa
Driving License : Valid Qatar Driving License
Languages known : English, Hindi, Malayalam, Tamil References
Available upon request.
Declaration
I do hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is true. And I promise that I will work hard up to the satisfaction of my superiors and my company if I am provided an opportunity. Place: AJEESH KUMAR
Date:
Contact this candidate