Address: *** ***** ****** ********, ** *****
Email: ad5ruu@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 516-***-****

EDUCATION
B.S. Mechanical Engineering, University of NC at Charlotte

CERTIFICATIONS, REGISTRATIONS AND TRAINING
Registered Professional Engineer: NY, MA, NC, TX, GA, FL, VA, NH, NM, FL
OSHA 30 Certification
AFFILIATIONS
American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers
National Fire Protection Association

EXPERIENCE
32 Years in Industry

Norman Bartley, P.E.
Corporate Title: Engineering Manager-Mechanical
Mr. Bartley serves as an Engineering Manager at Advantage Engineering with over 32 years of mechanical engineering and design experience in the power and water/wastewater treatment industries. Norman has strong attention to detail ensuring all product requirements are met to support business objectives for initial approval, delivery, and product support. His most recent position was Corporate Discipline Manager for a staff of 18 engineers and Revit designers for a large national A/E firm. Responsibilities included hiring and training new staff and developing discipline design standards and best engineering practices for the discipline group. Performed project management roles including scheduling and managing engineering deliverables/activities and cost estimating. Experience prior to the water/wastewater industry was in the electric power industry performing detailed design and serving as lead engineer on multiple design projects.

Relevant Experience
Advantage Engineering Associates PC Sep 2023-Current
Mechanical Department Manager
Manage a group of mechanical engineers and designers to provide mechanical related designs for mass transit projects throughout New York and New Jersey.

RRT Design & Construction Apr 2023-Aug 2023
Mechanical Department Manager
Lead engineer for a new lithium-ion battery recycling facility located in Lancaster, OH.

Hazen and Sawyer, NYC, NY 2008 - 2023
Croton Water Filtration Plant, New York City Development of Environmental Protection (NYCDEP), Bronx, NY
Engineering Manager
Lead the design team that was responsible for the design and construction administration of a $150 million HVAC contract. The project included large HVAC, boilers, cooling, and piping systems for an underground new water plant that serves NYC. The plant had multiple space types including process, boiler, lab, administrative, chemical, electrical, generator, emergency egress, and control areas. Responsible for managing multi-discipline construction issues involving electrical, instrumentation and controls, structural and architectural.

Bay Park Wastewater Treatment Plant, Bay Park, NY
Engineering Manager
Lead a team to perform an evaluation of the HVAC and odor control systems for the Headworks facility. The study involved collaboration with plant operation staff, design reviews, code reviews, smoke tests and monitoring. The report provided the results of the evaluation and detailed changes to address the odor control problems and high hydrogen sulfide concentrations.

Norman Bartley, P.E.
Page 2

PICTURED:
Photo 1: Croton Water Filtration Plant, Bronx, NY
Photo 2: Oconee Nuclear Station, Oconee, SC
Photo 3: Hillsborough County Resource Recovery Facility, Tampa, Fl
Photo 4: Luna Energy Facility, Deming, NM
Photo 5: Combined Cycle Power

AECOM, NYC, NY 2006-2008
Hillsborough County MSW Resource Recovery Facility, Tampa, FL
Lead Mechanical Engineer
Responsible for managing the development of all mechanical deliverables to support the waste-to-energy construction of the addition of a new 250 mmbtu/h boiler and a new 18-megawatt steam turbine. Scope included P&IDs, mechanical equipment specifications, piping drawings, HVAC and fire protection design, heat and water balances. Designed the expansion of the cooling tower system as an additional heat sink for the 18-megawatt steam turbine. Sized and developed the specification for the main condenser and bypass condenser (water to steam heat exchangers).

Duke Engineering and Services, Melville, NY 2001 to 2006
(Predecessor to RRT SIGMA)
North Pole Expansion Project — Combined Cycle Power Design, North Pole, Alaska
Lead Mechanical Engineer
Responsibilities for the design of a combined cycle power plant included managing and scheduling engineering tasks. Developed the plant process and instrumentation diagrams. Wrote specifications for the condenser, fin fan coolers, condenser cooling water pumps, liquid fuel (Jet-A and NAPHTHA) systems, condensate polisher, chemical feed system, steam to the glycol heat exchanger, shop fabricated tanks, and miscellaneous centrifugal pumps. Performed calculations for the plant heat and water balances. Managed the general arrangement and piping drawing designs. Issued the valve and piping specifications. Supported construction activities by directing field change requests.

Luna Energy Facility, Wastewater Treatment Plant, Deming, NM
Project Manager
Wrote the ductile iron underground piping specification. Sized and procured the duplex basket strainer. Wrote the above-ground and below-ground valve specifications for both ductile iron and PVC valves. Developed the project process and instrumentation diagrams. Approved, via a PE stamp, the final hydraulic profile, mechanical piping drawings, and all mechanical specifications including the submersible wet pumps.

Gowanus Narrows Gas Turbine Station, Reliant Energy, New York, NY
Lead Mechanical Engineer
Performing fuel oil tank inspections for a fuel oil tank restoration project at the Gowanus and Narrows Gas Turbine Stations in New York City. These inspections of the tanks ensure compliance with the welding and testing requirements from API 650, Welded Steel Tanks for Oil Storage. Documented the location and sizing requirements for a foam monitor using guidelines from NFPA 11, Low Expansion Foam/Combined Agent Systems.

Norman Bartley, P.E.
Page 3

Duke Energy, Charlotte, NC 1990 to 2001

Yucca Mountain Project, Las Vegas, NV
Developed the Design Process and Requirement Management documents for the national high nuclear waste facility at the Department of Energy’s Yucca Mountain Project. My responsibilities included developing design criteria and design requirements for the five-mile tunnel to the storage area of the high-level nuclear waste containers. The systems included fire protection, ventilations, and heat removal systems. Coordinated and collaborated with other discipline engineers including mining, nuclear, electrical, and fire protection engineers.

Bellefonte Nuclear Station, Hollywood, AL
Served as a lead system engineer on the reconstruction of the uncompleted nuclear station. This project involved a team of multi-discipline engineers from across the US. The team developed design basis requirements needed to re-start construction and complete Units 1 and 2. Unit 1 was 80% complete and Unit 2 was 60% complete. My responsibilities were to lead a group of electrical, I&C, and structural engineers to determine and document remaining items that were needed to complete design and construction of safety and non-safety (balance of plant) related systems.

Oconee Nuclear Station (ONS), Oconee, SC
Served as a lead system engineer and developed system operational and safety requirements in response to NRC inquiries on various safety related systems at ONS. Developed process safety documents (PSD) for safety related systems at Keowee Hydro Station (Keowee). ONS is one of the few stations in the U.S. with a hydro power station (Keowee) as the primary backup power supply. In response to an NRC inquiry about the safety related systems at Keowee, I developed a step-by-step process for identifying a critical list of safety related systems and equipment for the first time. The systems and equipment were essential to Keowee’s ability to provide emergency electrical power to ONS. The PSD served as a Basis of Design for Keowee even though the station was designed and built beforehand. The PSD also addressed lifecycle concerns related to maintenance and equipment replacement requirements. The PSD was submitted and accepted by the NRC.
Contact this candidate