Lisa L Hartman
SENIOR ENGINEER, MBA

810-***-**** • ad63t4@r.postjobfree.com • Howell, MI 48843

Dynamic and results-oriented Regulation Project Manager with a proven track record at Stellantis, adept in multitasking and cross-functional coordination. Spearheaded global exterior noise certifications, achieving whole vehicle type approval with strategic planning and analytical skills. Excelled in project delivery by fostering team collaboration and driving process improvements, ensuring regulatory compliance and project success.
SKILLS
• Multitasking • Decision-Making • Project Scheduling
• Analytical Skills • Organizational Skills • Strategic Planning
• Delegation Skills • Process Improvement • Adaptability
• Task Prioritization • Cross-Functional Coordination • Performance Monitoring
• Technical Understanding • Attention to Detail • Problem Solving
EXPERIENCE
REGULATIONS PROJECT MANAGER Chelsea, MI
Stellantis March 2020-March 2024
Senior Manager for all exterior noise certification requirements, including all self-certification testing and witness testing for international markets.
Expert in all global exterior noise regulations, standards & testing procedures, including but not limited to FMVSS, ECE, GMTP regulations, and SAE & ISO procedures.
Responsible for test reports and certification documentation required for whole vehicle tryp approval validation to ensure global homologation.
Successfully managed projects with tight deadlines and limited resources.
Engineering advocate between vehicle teams and legal departments to ensure all regulatory requirements are met.
Provided clear direction to internal teams, setting expectations and due dates for deliverables.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams across multiple departments to achieve goals.
EXTERIOR NOISE PROJECT MANAGER Chelsea, MI
Stellantis March 2018 – March 2020
Managed daily test operations including vehicle scheduling and test team support, assigning and prioritizing tasks while exhibiting excellent multitasking capabilities.
Orientated and trained engineering and bargaining unit employees, encouraging confidence and helping individuals adapt faster to regulation changes and job roles.
Monitored and reported team productivity and performance to support vehicle team and corporate goals.
Oversaw multiple projects simultaneously, ensured tasks were efficiently completed, escalated risk when necessary.
VEHICLE INTEGRATION AND VALIDATION ENGINEER LEAD Auburn Hills, MI
Stellantis July 2013 - March 2018
Senior Technical expert NVH engineer for the Jeep Wrangler supporting all Product Development.
Identified areas of improvement pertaining to vehicle sealing and wind noise management in existing processes and implemented changes to improve product performance.
During product development, monitored progress against key performance NVH indicators to ensure successful completion of acoustic management projects within established timeframes and budgets.
Provided ongoing NVH support from product inception to content release by troubleshooting acoustic adaptation issues as they arise.
Science Lead during product development to evaluate data and conduct ROI analysis to reduce vehicle costs of NVH content without impacting the customer’s perception.
VEHICLE COST REDUCTION INTEGRATION LEAD Auburn Hills, MI
Stellantis July 2010 – July 2013
Developed and implemented a comprehensive integration strategy pertaining to vehicle cost reduction to ensure seamless transition of testing from multiple sources.
Provided technical guidance and functional attribute requirements to release teams during the idea generation phase and product development of cost reduction projects.
Resolved complex technical problems related to cost reduction design ideas and vehicle testing between two or more departments.
Optimized cost reduction by leveraging existing test results, expertise and techniques for improved efficiency and accuracy.
Identified root cause of any issues encountered during the cost reduction process and provided solutions accordingly.
QUALITY AND WARRANTY ENGINEERING LEAD Milford, MI
General Motors August 2007 – December 2009
Created detailed reports summarizing findings from investigations into customer complaints.
Researched warranty claims identified root causes of failures via Red-X Strategies and proposed corrective actions.
Monitored changes in regulatory requirements related to warranties and provided direction to release engineering accordingly.
Utilized quality engineering principles to root cause failed design test methods to provide product adjustment and design changes.
SENIOR PRODUCT ENGINEER Warren, MI
General Motors February 2006 – August 2007
Led efforts in resolving complex technical problems in brake and fuel systems while ensuring compliance with safety regulations.
Collaborated with suppliers to develop the products and manage the execution of required brake and fuel system validation testing at various outside test facilities.
Captured lessons learned, documented findings and implemented best practices.
Participated in technical forums as an expert chassis representative to adjust testing to meet regulation changes.
Facilitated communication between brake and fuel system departments within the organization regarding product design changes or enhancements.
SENIOR PERFORMANCE ENGINEER Milford, MI
General Motors August 2003 – February 2006
During product development, collaborated with release teams to design solutions that improve NVH application performance while meeting program team needs.
Expert in powertrain radiated noise, air induction noise & exhaust noise: both structure borne and air borne.
Provided technical leadership on best practices for designing, building and deploying acoustic management systems to achieve targets.
Identified, tracked, communicated and resolved vehicle level design, integration and manufacturing issues.
Owned the certification documentation of all exterior noise passby regulation testing for global sale of product.
SENIOR ENGINEERING PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT LEAD Pontiac, MI
General Motors August 2001 – August 2003
Monitored outcomes of implemented changes for Chassis & Powertrain Engineering by collecting feedback from stakeholders at all levels of the organization.
Identified key performance indicators and developed metrics to measure progress towards scheduled goals.
Managed project timelines, milestones and resources to ensure timely completion of release engineer objectives in Chassis Powertrain Engineering.
Performed root cause analysis on systemic release errors or discrepancies to determine corrective actions and improved efficiencies.
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT FRONT COMPARTMENT PROJECT ENGINEER Warren, MI
General Motors August 1999 – August 2001
Identified opportunities for improvement within existing front compartment packaging and proposed innovative solutions that would reduce cost and weight.
Deployed new versions of front compartment packaging into production environments following change management procedures.
Created high level design documents and technical specifications for front compartment packaging.
Troubleshot complex integration issues related to packaging, customer requirements and engineering content availability.
INDUSTRIAL ENGINEER Hamtramck, MI
General Motors July 1995 – August 1999
Analyzed production processes and identified areas of improvement for increased productivity in the Chassis & Trim departments.
Created detailed reports on factory floor activities, equipment utilization and safety metrics to ensure optimized production quality and efficiency.
Managed resources, including personnel, tools, machines, supplier parts and information systems as needed to optimize manufacturing efficiency.
Responsible for current operations, future planning and elimination ergonomic stressors on all operations driving the industry in safety.
Designed layouts for new manufacturing facilities and optimized existing ones for optimal flow.
EDUCATION
MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (M.B.A.) IN BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION May 2001
Wayne State University, Detroit, MI, US
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE (B.S.) IN INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING May 1995
University of Wisconsin – Milwaukee, Milwaukee, WI, US
CERTIFICATIONS
• Export Regulatory Compliance • Winning with Integrity • Interpersonal Communication
• Red-X Strategies • Design for Six Sigma • Weibull Reliability Validation
• Test Lab Passby Testing • Test Lab Rotating Machinery • Test Lab Throughput Processing
• Hybrid Engine Safety Training • Acoustic NVH Control • Driveline System NVH
LANGUAGES
• Spanish (Beginner)
Contact this candidate