Summary of Qualifications

Six Sigma Green Belt Certified – Root Cause Analysis – Maintenance Engineering –
Equipment Reliability – Lubrication Specification – Mechanical & Hydraulic Troubleshooting –
Supervisory Experience in Union Workshop – Food Industry Experience – Level I Vibration Analyst

Technical Highlights

Strong ability to determine root cause to eliminate repetitive and random occurrence issues.
Lubrication Champion with emphasis on selecting, organizing and standardizing based on facility needs.
Experience as direct Front-Line Supervisor in a Union Environment.
Project management experience with on-time and on-budget delivery.

Professional Experience

Plant Engineering Manager January 2023 - Present
Hilex-Poly/Novolex – Richmond, Virginia

Direct actions, assignments, and schedule of maintenance department, consisting of Maintenance Supervisor, 12 Shift Technicians, 2 Engineering Technicians, 2 Parts Rebuild Technicians, and Purchasing Agent.
Analyze machine performance and operational processes to minimize downtime and scrap (waste).
Update and report on operating budget, forecasting spend on a monthly basis.
Update and report on Capital budget, forecasting spend on a monthly basis.
Maintain building facilities and support systems to enable 24/7 production.
Development of maintenance training program.

Maintenance Manager August 2015 – January 2023
NAES – Hopewell, Virginia

Direct actions, assignments, and schedule of maintenance department, consisting of 3 Mechanics, 3 EI &C Technicians, and Planner.
Perform purchasing of materials and services to perform work at Station.
Maintain annual multi-million dollar budget spend and compliance.
Assist with Owner’s Engineering group to determine root-cause and eliminate failures.
Maintain NERC compliance, ensuring new products are approved prior to installation.
Maintain adequate relationships with materials and services providers.
Review and maintain State Insurance certifications.
Maintain documentation required for ASME code repairs.

Sr. Maintenance Engineer
Honeywell International – Hopewell, Virginia
July 2011 – August 2015

Investigate repetitive “Bad Actor” failures and determine appropriate resolution to extend MTBF.
Specify mechanical seals to install in ANSI standard and non-standard pumps.
Research and specify procedures to utilize when performing weld repairs to ensure compliance to appropriate ASME or API standards.
Prepare reports monthly to illustrate top 10 “Bad Actors” and solution path being taken.
Provide budgeting input to accomplish $1M improvements.
Maintain compliance to Honeywell Operating System in areas of 5S, PDCA, Continuous Improvement and Maintenance Excellence.
Develop operator and maintenance craft preventive maintenance task lists.

Plant Engineer/Technical Manager
GenOn Energy, Inc. – Gettysburg, Pennsylvania
September 2009 – June 2011

Provided facility level interface to Corporate Engineering in Root Cause Analysis, System Redesign and Project Implementation to eliminate facility’s highest producing down-time event.
Monitored facility compliance to corporate driven Condition Based Maintenance assessments.
Prepared written summaries of CBM assessment activities to update equipment/facility status.
Provided technical review and assessment of oil analysis results.
Provided leadership to Maintenance Department in determining Root Cause Analysis of equipment failures.
Provided technical guidance to maintenance personnel involved in equipment overhaul/rebuild.
Supplied Plant Maintenance personnel with appropriate documentation required for all welding activities.
Maintained all documentation required to meet ASME and NBIC compliance.
Provided plant personnel with more thorough, accurate documentation for PM/PdM activities.
Technical oversight of maintenance and reliability of rotating and fixed equipment.

Maintenance Engineer
American Crystal Sugar Company – Crookston, Minnesota
January 2005 – August 2009

Direct Supervisor to 25-30 Union Mechanical Maintenance Personnel comprised of machinists, mechanics, welders and carpenters. Maintained working knowledge of Union Contract, and good working relationship with Union Leadership and Personnel.
Developed, implemented and monitored PM/PdM activities within factory. Reduced area specific downtime by 20% in Final Product area of facility. Increased daily output of product by 5%.
Implemented and championed informal Root Cause Analysis program among union maintenance personnel. Eliminated several repetitive issues saving $250K per year in maintenance funds. Reduced equivalent down-time (planned and un-planned) by 2%.
Provided input to Maintenance Manager for the development of 5-year budgetary plan.
Maintained adherence to FDA Guidelines, Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP’s) and Customer Requirements for product quality and facility cleanliness. Ensured all personnel followed established requirements.
Member of Factory Safety Committee. Conducted site walk-downs to assess safety issues/awareness.
Member of cross functional team to develop training for existing maintenance personnel and initiate apprentice program to combat aging work force.
Champion of factory lubrication usage, procedures and product specifications.
Worked with operations department to establish criteria for “World Class Factory Operations”.
Responsible for the reliability of entire facility’s fixed and rotating equipment.

Plant Engineer
Allegheny Energy Supply – Masontown, Pennsylvania
July 2001 – January 2005

Completed two (2) $2MM Feedwater Heater Replacement Projects per year, utilizing outside contractor services totaling 40 craftsmen. Projects completed on-time and on-budget. Project work included research, reporting, justification, proposal and presentation for authorization. Projects ROI < 2 years.
Implemented training received to introduce oil analysis as a maintenance tool not just a required action. Developed proper sampling points and procedures, requested approval and implemented project.
Developed and implemented Infrared Thermography Data Collection Routes. Prepared written reports summarizing findings, corrective action recommendations and cost analysis.
Monitored and maintained facility’s real-time vibration monitoring equipment. Prepared maintenance requests when problems arose.
Provided technical assistance with plant’s fixed and rotating equipment maintenance.
Received training as a Facilitator in Reliability Centered Maintenance practices. Implemented cross functional team to improve facility reliability.
Provided plant maintenance personnel with appropriate documentation required for welding activities.
Responsible for plant’s conformance to ASME and NBIC codes.
Ensured all safety valves were inspected and met ASME and NBIC codes.
Administered Contractor Guidelines for region with respect to company’s VPP Program.

Laboratory Assessor
AASHTO Materials Reference Laboratory, National Institute of Standards & Technology – Gaithersburg, Maryland
October 1995 – June 2001

Performed assessments of soil and aggregate testing laboratories for conformance to AASHTO and ASTM Standards and prepared written technical reports summarizing the results of the assessments.
Provided technical support to the AASHTO Accreditation Program.
Performed technical studies and laboratory work.
Reviewed AASHTO and ASTM Standards.
Assisted in the preparation of proficiency samples.
Assisted state and commercial laboratories in drafting and implementing quality assurance manuals and obtaining AASHTO accreditation.
Drafted the Quality Assurance Manual for the AMRL Proficiency Sample Program.

Project Engineer (Internship)
Quaker Oats Company – Mountaintop, Pennsylvania
May 1995 – October 1995

Assisted plant maintenance personnel in maintaining optimal operational conditions.
Conducted evaluations of operating equipment, reviewed and generated proposals for new equipment.
Reviewed bids submitted by outside contractors to ensure compliance with established guidelines.
Managed capital and miscellaneous projects.

Education

Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering (1995)
Bachelor of Science in Engineering Management (1995)
Minor in Physics
Wilkes-Barre University – Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania

Computer Experience
Microsoft Windows – Microsoft Word – Microsoft
Excel – Microsoft PowerPoint – SAP – Adobe – AutoCAD – Maximo

References

Available upon request.
Contact this candidate