**** ******* ****** ******* ********
https://www.linkedin.com/in/swapnil-savdekar-b3798a49
312-***-****
San Jose, CA 95128 ad6bxr@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Seasoned Tech Leader with 15+ years in software design, development and integration. Knowledge of distributed systems architecture, mobile frameworks, product health monitoring, scalability, etc. Proficient in working with cross-functional teams, handling customer issues, requirements gathering, designing solutions, mentoring engineers, leading teams and driving roadmap.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Uber Inc., Sunnyvale, US Engineering Manager Feb 2022 - Present
● Managing Financial Services engineering team (9 engineers working on Backend, Android, iOS and Web across US & Brazil sites) for Uber’s Earner Debit product offering.
● Built the engineering team beginning February 2022 and helped setting the roadmap, product vision, eng culture, hiring and onboarding new engs to grow the team from 3 to 9.
● Led collaboration between multiple internal and external eng teams, product, UX and marketing stakeholders to design and launch Debit Card offering, Uber Pro Card, with FinTech partner Branch in US in Sept. 2022, for earners (Drivers and Couriers) to receive instant earnings, tiered loyalty offers, cashback rewards, etc.
● Built a reliable, highly available, scalable cloud-hosted product backend with mobile and web features to provide magical user experience for users. This helped user acquisition and improved earner loyalty and engagement resulting in increased supply hours and gross bookings on Uber platform through Debit card product (2+% incremental supply hours, processed $3B+ earnings auto-disbursed for 300M+ trips, awarded $9.4M+ in cashback rewards on spend).
● Led the team through organizational changes at the start of 2023 and welcomed/onboarded new engineers from Brazil onto the Earner Debit platform to work on next phase of changes and growth
● Collaborated with PMs to scale the product to Brazil and Canada with new fintech partners and improved the platform for better financial wellness features for earners introducing capabilities like ML-based backup balance.
● This product has been adopted by 1M+ drivers out of 1.6M active drivers in the US alone. We are seeing the same enthusiasm by driver partners in Brazil and Canada as we scale up the launch.
● Collaborated with the risk and identity teams to identify and prevent fraud vectors and initiated joint efforts with partners to increase product security and reliability by using data analysis, fraud patterns, machine learning and AI.
● Engaged in the fintech partner selection process for each market by evaluating product offerings, technical stack and infrastructure from multiple partners and negotiating on product flow designs, integration plans, data sharing, customer support and maintenance, etc.
● Continuously strive to improve team efficiency and quality through good engineering practices, incident management, code quality checks and 1:1 mentoring for each team member to understand and create growth opportunities Uber Inc., Sunnyvale, US Senior/Staff Software Engineer Aug 2018 - Sep 2022
● Worked in the Financial Products organization at Uber to help users earn, transfer and spend money on various uber products like Rider, Eats and Driver. Drove user retention, satisfaction and growth by designing, developing and launching and scaling multiple features to new markets
● Architected and implemented features for Uber Cash wallet to enable users to o Digitize their money through Uber Pay, a platform for integration with 3rd-party payment providers such as Boleto, Oxxo, CVS, etc.
o Earn loyalty points (converted to Uber Cash) through partners (like Amex, Visa, Marriott, Aeroplan, etc.) o Use uber cash balance seamlessly across Uber’s family of products and app flows (e.g. Airport rides, Schedules rides, food delivery, grocery ordering, etc.) This product offering is seeing >$1.2B/yr of money flow in and out of the system,
● Designed and developed Uber Gifting to enable users to send digital gifts through Uber Rider/Eats apps by providing intuitive recommendation-based gifting experience. This has enabled >1M FTUs on Uber and >$500M in gifts sent
● Led efforts to introduce data driven approaches to perform funnel analysis and measure impact on metrics and apply learnings to improve product features
● Drove engineering excellence initiatives for design reviews, code quality, incident management and service availability
● Raised the talent bar for the organization through interviewing candidates for various levels and mentoring new engineers/interns
Proofpoint Inc., Sunnyvale, US Senior Software Engineer Feb 2017 - Aug 2018
● Developed multi-factor authentication(MFA) android application for cloud services’ secure access using MVP architecture, RxJava, Dagger 2 and Retrofit. Implemented queuing mechanism for multiple FCM authentication messages.
● Developed Mobile Security Enterprise Application to secure users’ devices from malware/spyware apps, phishing URLs, malicious Wifi connections, etc. Integrated with different MDM vendors like AirWatch, MobileIron, IBM Maas 360, Citrix XenMobile, etc. Developed Rebranding tool to enable whitelabeling of this app for client enterprises
● Implemented web communication with REST APIs for client activation, syncing admin policies, uploading 3rd party installed apps for scanning, etc. Added security using certificate authentication and OAuth 2.0.
● Added features like malicious WiFi detection, device root detection, defense from phishing URLs in the application. Developed event queue for storing and reporting these security incidents to server to display on web console using REST APIs.
Pulse Secure LLC,(Spin-off from Juniper) San Jose, US Software Engineer Oct 2014 - Feb 2017 Juniper Networks, Sunnyvale, US Software Engineer July 2013 - Oct 2014
● Built EMM (Enterprise Mobility Management) application to support BYOD (Bring your Own Device) use-case using mobile managed profiles to provide VPN functionality on mobile devices
● Integrated with cloud services using REST APIs to apply work profile settings and provision compliance policies on users’ devices enabling secure access of corporate data. Enabled managing devices connected to corporate networks and securing those networks through GCM messaging, Google account integration, Safetynet, etc.
● Added OnDemand VPN feature, 3rd party app integration through AIDL and app restrictions, fingerprint authentication, Samsung KNOX framework integration, cross-profile communication through intents
● Scoped and developed enterprise clients’ feature requirements and debugged customer issues in the production environment
● Implemented security features like prevention against MITM attack, SecureRandom exploit Teradata Inc., San Diego, US Intern May 2012 - May 2013
● Implemented automation of Data Integrity and Validation process for Teradata database drivers’ harness system Amdocs Development Center India, Pune, India Senior Subject Matter Expert Aug 2008 - Aug 2011
● Developed plug-ins for AMC(Amdocs Monitoring and Control) product to let telecom clients monitor and control the functioning of other Amdocs products like CRM, OMSS installed on-premises Great Software Laboratory, Pune, India Programmer Trainee Aug 2007 - May 2008
● Developed Speech/Audio Search Engine using Java AWT for UI and C for pattern matching program EDUCATION
Executive Education Harvard Business School Online 2019-2021 Advanced CyberSecurity Certification Stanford School of Engineering 2020 M.S. Computer Science University of Southern California, LA (GPA: 3.6/4.0) May 2013
B.Tech. Information Technology VJTI, Mumbai (GPA: 7.4/10.0) May 2008 SKILLS
System Architecture Web Technologies Testing & Performance Tuning Product Design Mobile Frameworks SQL/NoSQL Databases Observability Leadership & Mentoring Java, Kotlin, Go Scripting Languages Agile Methodology Team Management ACHIEVEMENTS
● Executive Education at Uber: Participated in Uber’s LEAD program for upcoming leaders working on solving business cases in a cohort of candidates from multiple functions like eng, design, marketing, sales, finance, legal and received executive coaching through Harvard Business School and 1:1 sessions through Skillsoft coaching
● Winner of Regional HackAThon and Finalist for the Global Security HackAThon at Proofpoint, May 2018
● Received peer recognized “Pulse Nation Award” at Pulse Secure, Oct, 2015
● Juniper Security Business Unit “Most Useful Idea” award for Hack-a-Thon, Dec 2013
● Award for “Exceptional Quarterly Performance” at Amdocs DVCI in 2010
Contact this candidate