DANIEL SEYMOUR

Innovative Design Product Management Business Development

Experience and Qualifications Snapshot
Passionate Business Professional with a proven track record for developing innovative products. Experienced in managing a business including P&L, marketing, sales, manufacturing, design for manufacturing, project management, benchmarking, procurement, logistics, IP, contracts, negotiations, warehousing, and quality. Possess extensive experience and vision to understand complex projects and drive them forward. 25 patents and counting.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND CONTRIBUTIONS

HORTON PEDESTRIAN AUTOMATIC SOLUTIONS & Won Door Fire Doors 2022 - Current
Vice President of Engineering – Horton & WON Door, Corpus Christi, TX 2022 - Current
Inspire and mentor a Product Development team (31 people) consisting of Mechanical Engineers, Electrical Engineers, Software Engineers, Test Engineers, Tech Support Specialists, Graphic Artists, and Architectural Drafters.
Developed and executed a three-year NPD product roadmap to meet the sales growth plans of over $120M.
Lead development of mechanical design, embedded software, motor drive and door control circuits.
Implementation of engineering processes, standards, and best practices including ECN, SCRUM, and stage gate.
Manage the engineering budget, including resource allocation, forecasting, and cost control measures.

Vice President of Operations – interim leader, concurrently 10/2022 – 7/2023
Tasked with running the operations team (61 people) producing automatic and manual sliding doors.
Took lead times from 16 weeks down to 4 weeks with improved product quality.
Took on time delivery from sub 50% to near 95% and synced up product completion between 3 production lines.
Created a second shift to eliminate overtime and moved people to areas needed to improve output.

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER 2009-2022
Director of Engineering and Design to Value of Hand Tools, New Britain, CT, 2020-2022
Leveraged Design to Value to drive down cost and complexity for Hand Tools and Storage products.
Drove the product design with the right feature set, at the right cost, for the right retail price.
Analyzed product lines to make decisions on which skus should be in the line and where it should be manufactured.
Delivered $16M of productivity ideas in year one that included platforming, sku deletion and improved designs.

Director of Engineering for Measuring Tools, New Britain, CT, 2019-2019
Directed Stanley’s $200M global measuring product portfolio with teams spread across 4 countries.
Responsible for driving development of new and innovative product lines along with cost down initiatives while meeting our manufacturing, safety, quality, regulatory code compliance and marketing objectives.
Oversaw product testing and documentation including test plans and product performance specifications.
Managed projects through a stage gate process that drove speed to market, on target manufacturing cost, product specification, code compliance and included DFMEA, PPAP.
Created the strategy to launch 20 new products including some new to the world features with limited resources.
Ushered in a method of designing tapes from the inside out with skeleton models to reduce complexity.

Sr. Supplier Development Manager of Corporate Global Supply Chain, New Britain, CT, 2016-2018
Collaborated with suppliers driving price reductions and eliminating waste in the manufacturing process using. Perfect State or Should Cost Modeling, Design to Value, VAVE and Product Tear Downs.
Delivered $20M in savings over 2 years, 172% of goal.
Integral part of both the Irwin/Lenox and Craftsman integrations into SBD including building a MIUSA.
Conducted cost analysis for US made Craftsman products that shaped the direction for US manufacturing.

Sr. Product Manager of Automatic Doors, New Britain, CT, 2012-2016
Appointed to direct the strategy of the company’s $250M global automatic door product portfolio inclusive of achieving annual sales goals, product roadmaps, market share analysis, growth opportunities, etc.
Progressed the product categories through DTV competitive analysis, industry research, end-user VOC creation.
Initiated new product development projects through robust business plan development. Utilized technology and innovation to introduce differentiated product offerings at pricing levels through price-value mapping.
Delivered comprehensive product definition documents to the engineering teams for execution of NPD.
Managed teams to develop products that delivered $25M in new sales and protected $8M of current business.

Sr. Project Engineering Manager of Automatic Doors, New Britain, CT, 2009-2012
Marshaled a cross functional teams in the development of new automatic door systems
Directed a Global Design Center in China in the development of new and sustaining product designs.
Created instruction manuals, installation videos, parts books, and intellectual property and responsible for getting products UL and ANSI, BHMA, ICC specs.

BISS PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT LLC / STRIKER / RISK RACING 2005-2009
Managing Partner – (Product Manager, Engineering Manager, Sales Manager), Mooresville, NC
Developed a business plan and operating objective to build 2 new brands from scratch.
Developed new products based on market need and end user research.
Managed gross margins and had P&L responsibility.
Marketed and sold products to foreign and domestic customers (i.e., Lowes, Home Depot, Sears, Menards)
Managed every aspect of a business: leasing space, insurance, utility setup, logistics both foreign and domestic, customs clearance, IRS filings, finance, barcode setup, patent process, PR, sales, contracts, and trade shows.

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER 1997-2005
Engineering Manager of Irwin Tools, Huntersville, NC 2003-2005
Managed, designed with a cross functional multinational team to launched over 60 new products, $40M in sales.
Managed all aspect of product development including industrial design, mechanical design, quality control, packaging design, manufacturing location and logistics, quality plans and product specifications.

Product/Project Engineer of Hand Tools, New Britain, CT, 1997-2002
Set up and managed a product engineering department while living in Thailand for 2 years.
Researched, developed, and implemented over 40 new products. Improved existing products and cost.
Investigated causes of product problems and failures. Improved process flow and was involved in Kaizen events.

EDUCATION

MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINSTRATION (MBA), Texas A&M, Corpus Christi, TX
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE, Manufacturing Engineering, Central Connecticut State University, New Britain, CT

INTERESTS

Restoring, repairing, and driving cars including classic muscle cars, collector cars, European sports cars, and Japanese market cars. Actively exercise and enjoy hiking, cycling, mountain biking, volleyball, snowboarding and running. Plan to take kite boarding and flying lessons. I enjoy riding motorcycles and dirt bikes. I raced motocross while with Risk Racing.
Contact this candidate