Ahmad N. Awan, PE
* ****** ******, ad6jnr@r.postjobfree.com Cell: 732-***-****
North Brunswick, NJ 08902

Engineering Manager (Structural)
Extensive Career in Transportation, Infra-Structure, Water/Waste Water, Facilities
22+ years with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey

Expertise and Experience Summary
Structural Engineering and Design of complex structures in steel and concrete
Project planning, development, oversight and control (scope, schedule, cost)
Direction and management of complex, multiple, and fast-track projects.
Technical direction and leadership, staff development and mentoring
QA/QC, contract and construction documents development and review.
Client, stake holders and public agencies relations, management and liaison.

Proficiencies
Team Building and Leadership
Planning and Organizing
Negotiations, consensus building
Conflict resolution, Coordination
Reports and Technical Writing
Verbal-Written Communication
All-level Interpersonal Relations

Education
MS Civil Engineering (Structural) University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia
BS Civil Engineering University of Engineering, Lahore, Pakistan
Project Management Certificate (Post Grad) Polytechnic Institute of New York
(Contracts, Specifications, Planning and Control (CPM NAS), Finance, Economics)

Licensed Professional Engineer, NY, NJ, PA, all active
Member: - American Society of Civil Engineers (Life Member)

Recognitions and Achievements
Port Authority of NY & NJ - Exceptional Service Award and Commendations
World Trade Center and Vista Hotel Reconstruction (1993 bombing)
Directed and managed Emergency Structural Team for the super fast track project.

Port Authority of New York and New Jersey - Commendation
Directed structural team on the fast track World Trade Center River Water Lines.

U. S. Army Corps of Engineers/Morrison-Knudsen/D&Z - Commendation
Exceptional Service on 10 bil dollar construction of King Khalid Military City.

SYSTRA: Directed contract documents development of NJ Transit Passaic Bergen Rail project - nine train stations, repair shops and yard structures.

Professional Experience

KC Engineers/New York City Dept. of Environmental Protection (9//09 – 5/2024)
Consultant – Engineering Audit Office
Projects: New York City 14 billion dollar capital construction related to Water and Sewage Treatment Plants, dams, reservoir, water tunnels, and water/sewer infrastructure

Auditing, reviewing and approval of contract change orders for the multi-million dollar Design, Engineering Services, Construction and Construction Management.

Tetra Tech, ECI, Langhorne, Pennsylvania (11/08 – 8/09)
Consulting Structural Engineer: Wind energy structures, buildings, foundations

Directed and performed complex structural designs in steel and concrete.
Performed QA/QC review of design, calculations, drawings and specifications.
Supervised staff and provided technical guidance, mentoring and training.
Developed and managed projects scope, budgets, schedules, cost and man-hours.
Provided support to marketing and proposals in technical write up, scope and cost.

SYSTRA Consulting, Inc. Little Falls, New Jersey (11/07 – 10/08)
Manager Structural Engineering Dept.
Projects: Transportation: Rail and Bus Transit, maintenance shops, misc. structures.
Major Project: NJ Transit Passaic Bergen Rail Project – nine stations, shops, yard

Performed and provided technical guidance to staff in complex design, concepts development, structural systems, construction techniques, materials and foundations.
Performed QA/QC review of design, calculations, drawings and specifications.
Performed staff supervision, manpower planning, work assignments and reviews.
Developed and managed projects scope, budgets, schedules, cost and man-hours.
Performed client liaison, proposals, business development, and project coordination.

Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, New York (3/85 – 11/07, 22 yrs)
Senior Structural Engineer Manager (Structural Tasks Leader/ Manager)
Transportation Facilities, Buildings and Infra-Structure projects relating to:

Airports: JFK, LaGuardia, Newark, Teterboro, South Street
World Trade Center
Bus Terminals,
PATH Train Facilities
Tunnels and Bridges
Port Facilities
Parking Structures
HVAC Plants

Major Projects: Multi-million dollar new construction and modifications.
Newark Airport Terminal B and LaGuardia Airport Central Terminal Expansion.
J.F. Kennedy, LaGuardia and Newark Airports Water Tanks and Pumphouses.
World Trade Center Reconstruction (1993 bomb blast, Extra fast track.), (Award)
World Trade Center River Water Lines and Refrigeration Plant Upgrade.
PATH Train Morton St. and Exchange Place Vent Buildings.
PATH Train Harrison Repair and Maintenance Facility
JFK Airport, 150th Street Bridge

Performed, directed, and managed projects from conception to completion.
Designed complex concrete and steel structures, including superstructure, foundations, retaining walls, equipment and pipe supports, sign structures, bridges.
Developed contract documents, including design, drawings, specs. and estimates.
Developed and managed projects scope, budgets, schedules and staff needs.
Directed, managed and supervised design teams, staff and consultants.

U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Saudi Arabia)/Morrison-Knudsen, D&Z (2/79- 3/83)
Consultant - Senior Project Manager – Engineering (Civil Structural), Construction Management, Contract Administration
Project: Over 10 billion dollar construction of King Khalid Military City in Saudi Arabia. Over 50 construction contracts, including housing, facilities, plants, schools.

Engineering and construction management support to construction and contracts.
QA/QC and constructability review of contracts and construction document.
Review/approval of contractor submittals, change orders, RFI’s & shop dwgs.
Site trouble shooting and resolve technical, coordination and contract issues.

Stone and Webster Engineering Corp. New York (11/71- 1/79, 7 yrs)
Senior Structural Engineer
Major Projects: Power Plants (nuclear/fossil fuel), Petro Chemical and Process Plants.
Virginia Electric and Power (VEPCO), Nuclear Power Plants.
Nine Mile Nuclear Power Plant, New York.
Jamesport Nuclear Power Plant, Long Island, New York.
Florida Power Co., Tampa Power Plant. (Fossil).
Wyodak Coal Power Plant, Wyoming.

Designed structures, including super structure and foundations and pipe supports, under various loading conditions including seismic. Used computer programs.
Analyzed and designed equipment foundations under static and dynamic loads.
Performed checking and quality assurance of calculations, drawings and specs.
Provided construction support, in shop drawings/RFI review and post award changes.

United Engineers and Constructors, Philadelphia (8/70- 8/71 and 5/83 – 8/84)
Structural Engineer: Nuclear Power Plants - Seabrook Nuclear Power Plant
Carolina Power and Light Nuclear Power Plant.
Designed and developed drawings of building structures, framing and foundations.

Modjeski and Masters, Consulting Engineers, Philadelphia (6/69-8/70)
Structural Engineer: Bridges, Overpasses, Penrose Ave Bridge, concrete bridge,
Designed bridge superstructure, foundations, deck, piers, abutment & retaining walls.
Contact this candidate