OKWUDILI JOHN CHRYSOSTOM ONUCHUKWU
FCT Abuja, Nigeria +234********** ad6oye@r.postjobfree.com

POSITIONS APPLIED :
Project Officer Environmental Engineering Consultancy

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
A highly motivated engineer with more than seven years experience in engineering projects and environmental issues.

Strong background in treatment designs, treatment operations and project management using Microsoft project to provide civil engineering solutions in project areas like buildings, roads and other facilities.

A team player with problem solving skills, excellent communication abilities and has the capacity to bring prolific collaboration among diverse group of professionals.

WORK EXPERIENCES :

Project Manager Brent Brooks Nigeria limited 11/ 2023 - present
Plan and organize construction activities which normally results in approximately 10% increase in work pace and reduction in material waste.
Co-operate and Co-ordinate contractors to ensure timely delivery of services and materials.
Prepare working schedule using Microsoft Project

Site Engineer Salis Ventilated Homes Nig. Ltd. Abuja, Nigeria 4/2021 – 01/2023
Plan and organize construction activities which normally results in approximately 10% increase in work pace and reduction in material waste.
Monitor technical activities like wall alignment, levelling, setting out and concrete work
Interpret and explain plans / designs to prospective clients
Ensure compliance with code, Federal Capital Territory Administration specifications, standards and budget.
Co-operate and Co-ordinate contractors to ensure timely delivery of services and materials.
Prepare cost estimates and work schedule

Water Engineer Great Lake and Oil Nig. Ltd, Nnewi, Nigeria 05/2016 - Current
Design of water treatment plant

Site Engineer Easy Pool Nig. Ltd. Abuja, Nigeria 03/2020- 09/2020
Plan and organize tasks related to construction of swimming pool and outdoor floors
Prepare technical drawings and hydraulic designs of swimming pool for clients
Monitor technical activities like leveling, setting out, concrete work and plumbing works.

Lecturer Crown Polytechnic Ado Ekiti State 03/ 2013 - 05/2015
Teaching Civil Engineering Courses like Soil Mechanics, Strength of Material and Surveying

Site Engineer Jobi Gold Nig. Ltd. Ibadan, Oyo State 03/2009- 08/2013
Plan and organize activities on site which increased efficiency of work output by 10%
Investigate defects and delays in a project and ensure proper procedures are followed.
Initiated and implemented monitoring policies which resulted in 30% save of materials
Drainage design review and construction of 12km drainage system including culvert

EDUCATION:
2004 University of Nigeria Nsukka
Bachelor of Engineering, Civil Engineering

2010 Ahmadu Bello University
Master of Science, Water Resources and Environmental Engineering

2021 University of Nigeria Nsukka
Doctor of Philosophy, Water Resources and Environmental Engineering

SKILLS:
Tools : AutoCAD, Microsoft Project,Prokon, Orion,MS Word, MS Excel,MS Access,MS PowerPoint, MATLAB, Python, Epanet, Levelling Instrument,
Skills : Excellent communication skills in English language, EIA Report, Leadership, Knowledge of Engineering standards and ethics related to civil engineering jobs and designs, Hydraulic and Structural Designs, Surveying skills, Water and Wastewater Management, Problem Solving skills,Ability to work under pressure,team player, project management, site inspection Knowledge on health, safety and environment rules in construction

INTERESTS :
Watching and playing football Playing chess, swimming Graphics designs and digital marketing

REFEREE:
To be provided on request
Contact this candidate