LISA HINSON
Atlanta, GA§ 404-***-**** § ad6pwe@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/lisaehinson

Senior IT Professional

Data Network Leader VoIP and Telecom Engineering Manager Provisioning Specialist Call Center Management

Highly skilled in various network and VoIP protocols, software, implementation, processes, and procedures

Successfully managed $16M in telephony assets and annual budgets exceeding $3M for vast banking and financial institution client base. Converted multiple companies’ business units from several telephony platforms to single VoIP solutions for both Call Center and Business User divisions. Served as the focal point for internal cross functional teams and external vendors, such as service providers, hardware procurement, local wiring contractors, network, telecom, and voice vendors.

SKILLS SUMMARY

Leadership Vendor Management Process Improvement
Resource Allocation Process Documentation Conflict Resolution
Motivate/Inspire Exceptional Writer Adaptability
Risk Assessment Incident Management Negotiation
Incident Management Reporting Training

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

FIS (Fidelity Information Services), Atlanta, GA August 2010 – July 2021
Project Manager (2019 - 2021)
Network and Voice Manager (2010 – 2019)
Managed the department that successfully maintained and monitored all facets of LAN/WAN administration and monitoring, unified communications systems, hardware, software, local and long-distance networks, Avaya, Interactive Intelligence, Toshiba, Cisco, and eOn pbx systems and software.
Developed process and improvement documentation for VoIP Implementations which included the full project life cycle, which serves as a consolidated template and playbook.
Organized all change control submission and procedures, service desk management and incident response management escalation and resolved to adhere to customer service level agreements which successfully expedited lead time for incidents.
Coordinated the efforts of the Customer Account and Leadership teams for projects providing VoIP system upgrades and Network and data center systems refresh, replacement and support.
Regulated the engagement with Telecom provisioning and exchange carrier services which were imperative for successful ready to serve contact and delivery.
Served as liaison to vendors/suppliers for telecom equipment, all circuit types such as, T-1, ISDN and telephone line provisioning enterprise-wide installation, monitoring, usage and administration.

Clients included Washington Mutual,

Directed all facets of call center IVR programming, inclusive of directional traffic recording messages through vendor Telehold key touch tone management, Outlook coordination for customer voicemail and automatic call-back features.

Sage Software, Norcross, GA October 1986 – August 2010 Call Center Supervisor Telecommunications Analyst
Software Support Analyst
Implemented, maintained, and supported all modular Peachtree accounting, database software and related hardware, network, and environmental support.
Provided 3rd level support to Regional Support Centers for all related products.
Supervised and trained of support triage center personnel for call categorization and distribution.
Telecommunications Analyst for administration and support of Nortel and AT&T PBX and voicemail solutions.

EDUCATION

PhD Mobile and Digital Communications Management § To be Awarded June 2024 Wharton School of Business, Alfred Nobel School of Mobile and Digital Communications
Master of Business Administration Technical Management (M.B.A.) § Southern Polytech, Kennesaw, GA
Bachelor (B.S.) of Consumer Affairs § Andrews University, Berrien Springs, MI
Associate of Science of Retail Management § Andrews University, Berrien Springs, MI

CERTIFICATIONS

ICMI § Call Center Management Certification
Six Sigma Green Belt § Six Sigma

VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE & AFFILIATIONS

EWELH Beauty and Me Boutique (Empowering Women while lending a helping hand)
§Managing non-profit boutique for transitional women of domestic violence

West End SDA Church, Atlanta, GA
§Church Clerk and Legal Documentation Specialist

Greater Atlanta Adventist Academy
§Board of Directors, 4H Club Communication Designer

The Elite School of Etiquette
§Board of Directors, Director of Event Coordination Volunteers

TESTIMONIALS

Jeffrey Nemanius, Telecomunications Manager, Dayforce, St. Louis MO
“It was an absolute pleasure working for Lisa Hinson.
Her leadership style, characterized by direct communication, support centric mindset, and a commitment to my personal wellbeing and growth, led to so many successes as a team.”

Michael Pedro, Information Technology Executive, Advantage Solutions, Orange County, CA
“Lisa is an exceptional IT leader with a remarkable ability to navigate complex technical challenges with grace and proficiency. Her strategic insights and dedication to excellence make her an invaluable asset to any team fortunate enough to have her.”

Leisa Pittner, Director of Program Management and Delivery Assurance, Viscosity North America
“Lisa managed a stellar team of VoIP, Network and Software Engineers. Her team was well known for excellence in providing end-to-end service, migrations and the swift remediation of outages minimizing down time.”
Contact this candidate