CHRISTIAN J. BLUM-SORENSEN
ad6rbz@r.postjobfree.com
505-***-****
Professional Experience
- United States Air Force Civil Engineering and Explosive Ordnance Disposal Officer (2000-present) o Civil Engineering Officer: program manager and technical expert on Air Force base infrastructure
manage programs for the 145-member civil engineering squadron, including squadron medical readiness and multi-day training events including practical and classroom-based training events o Explosive Ordnance Disposal Officer: leader of high-functioning teams with high-stress, high-consequence missions to defuse explosive hazards
lead 23-person unit with emergency response responsibilities on Grissom Air Base and throughout the region in support of civil emergency services
provide support to US Secret Service and Department of State for dignitaries locally and globally
ensure flight members are prepared to deploy and operate in permissive and combat environments to render safe hazardous explosives ordnance and improvised explosive devices o Explosive Ordnance Disposal Team Leader: small-unit leader and technical expert with high degree of autonomy to operate within variable, contested environments, with explosives
lead three-members teams to render safe military and improvised explosive devices in the United States and combat environments
- Northrop Grumman Corporation, Future Technical Leader Rotation Program (2021-2024) o Innovation Programs Coordinator: conducted process and data analysis to streamline and enhance innovation pathways that enabled employees to develop concepts into deliverable outcomes
Codified 10-step innovation ‘challenge’ processes allowing individual program managers to run multiple innovation programs concurrently—an innovation as a service program
conducted Python data analysis on financial data and employee idea submissions for strategic allocation of resources by employee type and other factors (e.g. what motivated employees to work overtime on a project, etc.)
assisted in managing $1.4M budget with an eye towards ROI when choosing which employee-submitted ideas to fund and how those ideas might fit within Northrop’s technology program o HR Digital Operations Lead: analyzed and implemented HR systems for better workflow and internal coordination, program coordinator for recruiting and onboarding
SAFe Agile certified scrum master for corporate HR’s Recruiting and Onboarding Team (Workday configurations), recruiting team (Yello & Avature configurations), and employee education/training team (LinkedIn Learning, Cornerstone portfolio, etc)
strategic leadership and coordination for HR technology products and processes (intern management, centralized notifications of business tasks)
led trade study scoring design and data analysis of 3 competing candidate relations SMS platforms
- Purdue University School of Mechanical Engineering, Graduate Research Fellow (2016-2022) o Design engineer: imagined and worked out the details to create tools for performing scientific experiments
designed and built custom electromechanical tooling and developed control software for laser and mechanical micro-machining of explosive samples
developed CAD Designs for fabrication of projectiles/target holders/high-velocity projective catch
worked with machinists and welders to build my own designs to specifications (including GD&T) o Physical scientist: applied scientific methods to problems and unknowns within my area of research
developed techniques and designed equipment for producing inch-scale, single-crystal explosives with CNC-machined, engineered defects
planned and conducted dynamic experiments with light-gas guns/split-Hopkins pressure bar at Purdue and at Argonne National Laboratory (ANL) with high-speed laser and video diagnostics
wrote Python scripts for data analysis of laser velocimetry (PDV) and high-speed x-ray phase contrast imaging (video) data
o Scientific mentor/leader: built teams to quickly accomplish experiments at time-limited, high-demand user facilities and train the next generation of scientists
PI on experimental projects at ANL's Advanced Photon Source using x-ray phase contrast imaging at 5 million frames/second
mentored fellow graduate students in experimental techniques, especially light gas guns and the analytic techniques applicable to experiments run on the same including plane-strain shock impedance matching
mentored 2 summer undergraduates in experimental methodology and writing/presentation skills enabling them to complete their summer research paper and present at Purdue’s symposium
- Los Alamos National Laboratory, Post-Baccalaureate Laboratory Research Assistant (2013-2016) o Research assistant:
developed experiments for explosives materials detection research with GHz frequency detection tools in an anechoic chamber and in faraday cadges
used Analytical tools such as: Raman spectroscopy, electromagnetic detectors with oscilloscope, network analyzer, spectrum analyzer
developed computer simulations (with ALE3D) of explosive charges to access different pressure regimes, then build these charges to look at detonation products (gas and solid) to obtain a better understanding of late time explosive burn physics
Education
- PhD & MS in Mechanical Engineering, Purdue University, School of Mechanical Engineering (2022) o Research focus: hot-spot theory of explosives initiation, shock physics, dynamic materials testing, high- speed video diagnostics, image processing, x-ray phase contrast imaging o Proficiencies: Combustion of Energetic Materials, Content, Assessment & Pedagogy, Microstructure Characterization Techniques, Mechanical Vibrations, Engineering Optics o Awards:
wrote a proposal for and won Homeland Security’s Fellowship for the Awareness and Localization of Explosive Related Threats
won Purdue’s Khor Fellowship for excellence in research, academics, and leadership
- BS in Mechanical Engineering, New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology (2015) o Proficiencies: Intro to Machining, Intro to PDEs, Materials Engineering, Electromagnetism o Experience:
Team leader, containment vessel design team for high explosive detonations at specialized x-ray sources, commissioned by Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL)
directed 6 team members on required engineering analysis tasks and deliverables
developed multi-component CAD model and drawings for fabrication (welding and machining) of
$50k+ explosive containment vessel
performed energetic experiments to validate built system for safe functioning at LANL
Team member, two-stage light gas gun rebuild, data acquisition design and research specialist
Learning Coach for Atmospherics Physics (Sustainability) Lab
TA for Intro to Explosives/Aerospace Engineering (MATLAB based), wrote and presented short topical lectures for ~40 students
TA for Intro to Pyrotechnics Explosives Lab (2 sections)
introduced students to engineering concepts during their freshman year, fostered engagement in engineering undergraduates
developed and demonstrated lab procedures for the production of pyrotechnic compounds and measurement of properties (spectroscopic analysis, high-speed video, etc.)
assisted students with building their own pyrotechnics, including fireworks
led students to complete final project fireworks show with their own firework shells
Tour Coordinator and presenter for Mechanical Engineering Departmental visits by high school and community college students
Awards: Highest Honors, Tech Scholar, Dean’s List, 3.9 GPA Computer Skills
- Technical software:
o Python experience and skills
technical data analysis with NumPy, SciPy, OpenCV-python, et al. libraries (for spectroscopic and image data)
business data analysis with pandas and SQL (pyodbc, SQLite)
developed user tools for machine control
small GUI applications with the Tkinter library
o Autodesk Inventor/Fusion: created parts and assemblies with up to 100s of components for traditional and additive manufacturing including welding, CAM, and FDM/FFF while applying GD&T principals o Training and experience in: MATLAB, ALE3D, COMSOL, Mathematica o Knowledge of: Igor, Solidworks
- General computer software:
o Linux OSs, Mac OS, Microsoft Office product suite, Adobe Photoshop, InDesign
- SaaS platforms:
o Jira, Confluence, Workday, ServiceNow (SPM module) Publications
Blum-Sorensen, C. J. (2023). HOT SPOTS AND EXPLOSIVES INITIATION INVESTIGATIONS WITH HMX. Purdue University Graduate School.
Stirrup, K.-A., Blum-Sorensen, C., & Chen, W. (2023). In-Situ Observation of Impact Induced Failure in HMX Single Crystals Containing Abnormal Pores Using X-ray Phase Contrast Imaging. Bulletin of the American Physical Society, 68.
Cummock, N. R., Lawrence, J. R., Blum-Sorensen, C. J., Vuppuluri, V. S., & Son, S. F. (2023). The influence of microstructure and polymorphic conformer on the shock sensitivity of 1, 3, 5, 7-tetranitro-1, 3, 5, 7- tetrazoctane (HMX). Journal of Energetic Materials, 41(4), 483–509. Blum-Sorensen, C. J., Duarte, C. A., Drake, J. D., Kerschen, N. E., Fezzaa, K., Koslowski, M., … Son, S. F. (2022). Phase Contrast X-Ray Imaging of the Collapse of an Engineered Void in Single-Crystal HMX. Propellants, Explosives, Pyrotechnics, 47(10), e202100297.
Lawrence, J., Blum-Sorensen, C., Hamlin, S., & Son, S. (2022). Detonation Performance of CL-20 and MDNT Co- crystal Versus Physical Mixture. APS Shock Compression of Condensed Matter Meeting Abstracts, T02-004. Paulson, S. C., Roberts, Z. A., Sorensen, C. J., Kerschen, N. E., Harr, M. H., Parab, N. D., … Chen, W. W. (2020). Observation of damage during dynamic compression of production and low-defect HMX crystals in Sylgard® binder using X-ray phase contrast imaging. Journal of Dynamic Behavior of Materials, 6, 34–44. Kerschen, N. E., Drake, J. D., Sorensen, C. J., Guo, Z., Mares, J. O., Fezzaa, K., … Chen, W. W. (2020). X-ray Phase Contrast Imaging of the Impact of Multiple HMX Particles in a Polymeric Matrix. Propellants, Explosives, Pyrotechnics, 45(4), 607–614.
Duarte, C. A., Hamed, A., Drake, J. D., Sorensen, C. J., Son, S. F., Chen, W. W., & Koslowski, M. (2020). Void Collapse in Shocked-HMX Single Crystals: Simulations and Experiments. Propellants, Explosives, Pyrotechnics, 45(2), 243–253.
Kerschen, N. E., Sorensen, C. J., Guo, Z., Mares, J. O., Fezzaa, K., Sun, T., … Chen, W. W. (2019). Inside Cover: X-ray Phase Contrast Imaging of the Impact of a Single HMX Particle in a Polymeric Matrix (Prop., Explos., Pyrotech. 4/2019). Propellants, Explosives, Pyrotechnics, 44(4). Sorensen, C., Duarte, C., & Son, S. (2019). Engineered Defects in Single Crystal HMX (symp). Bulletin of the American Physical Society, 64.
Kerschen, N. E., Sorensen, C. J., Guo, Z., Mares, J. O., Fezzaa, K., Sun, T., … Chen, W. W. (2019b). X-Ray phase contrast imaging of the impact of a single HMX particle in a polymeric matrix. Propellants, Explosives, Pyrotechnics, 44(4), 447–454.
Roberts, Z. A., Wickham, J. A., Sorensen, C. J., Manship, T. D., Gunduz, I. E., Son, S. F., & Rhoads, J. F. (2019). Mesoscale observations of the thermal decomposition of energetic composites under ultrasonic excitation. Journal of Applied Physics, 125(21).
Manner, V. W., Podlesak, D. W., Huber, R. C., Amato, R. S., Giambra, A. M., Bowden, P. R., … Dattelbaum, D. M.
(2018). Isotope-labeled composition B-3 for tracing detonation signatures. AIP Conference Proceedings, 1979. AIP Publishing.
Sorensen, C., Cummock, N., O’Grady, C., Gunduz, I. E., & Son, S. (2017). Hot Spots from Generated Defects in HMX Crystals. APS Shock Compression of Condensed Matter Meeting Abstracts, H7-002. Sorensen, C., & Moore, D. (2017). Radio-frequency (RF) electromagnetic emissions from materials under high- frequency mechanical excitation. AIP Conference Proceedings, 1793. AIP Publishing. Owens, C., Sanchez, N., Sorensen, C., & Jensen, B. (2017). Explosive vessel for coupling dynamic experiments to the X-ray beam at the Advanced Photon Source. APS Shock Compression of Condensed Matter Meeting Abstracts, F9-015.
Azad, A. K., Whitley, V. H., Brown, K. E., Ahmed, T., Sorensen, C. J., & Moore, D. S. (2016). Temperature dependent terahertz properties of energetic materials. Terahertz Physics, Devices, and Systems X: Advanced Applications in Industry and Defense, 9856, 97–111. SPIE Owens, C., Sorensen, C., Armstrong, C., Sanchez, N., & Jensen, B. (2015). Explosive Vessel for Dynamic Experiments at Advanced Light Sources. APS Shock Compression of Condensed Matter Meeting Abstracts, M1-023.
Security Clearance
- DOE Q clearance (former)
- DOD Top Secret security clearance (current)
Contact this candidate