Ajender Neelam Senior Engineering Manager
ad6u8x@r.postjobfree.com 510-***-**** https://www.linkedin.com/in/ajender-reddy-neelam/
employment
Foursquare San Fransisco
Senior Engineering Manager - Data platform. June 2022 to Current Owned data platform and data engineering across 5 engineering teams (20+ engineers), mentoring junior managers & engineers in both technical growth and professional development Delivered trusted, timely & performant central platform and datasets (30PB+ of data, 100s of pipelines, 10k+ Airflow tasks) that provided the foundation for all of Foursquare’s data products, data science, and customer support
Delivered Delta Lake for engineering teams with concurrency support, improving runtime for applications up to 12x
Owned vendor relationships, managing feature requests and influencing product roadmaps at AWS, Kinetica, Databricks, Atlas Mongo, and Cloudera
Hired and onboarded 10+ engineers and 2 managers globally (including offshore) San Fransisco
Engineering Manager - Data platform. Apr. 2019 to June 2022 Founded a data ingestion team and created Ingestion as a Service Framework for first and third-party data (1000+ partners) across all products
Collaborated with engineering teams to prioritize modernizing and standardizing the tech stack, deprecating 10+ systems
Drove efforts to reduce costs on AWS by defining an accountability process with engineering, product, and finance teams, resulting in a cost reduction of over 35% San Fransisco
Staff Engineer - Data Infrastructure Nov. 2017 to Apr. 2019 Spearheaded and completed Foursquare’s on-prem-to-cloud migration (8 teams, 20PB data, 100+ data pipelines) in 9 months
Partnered with legal and product to implement the privacy stack for GDPR and CCPA compliance Implemented an initiative to secure the Hadoop platform end-to-end with authentication and authorization across all tools and applications, with encryption enabled at rest and in transit GE San Ramon
Solution Architect- Infrastructure Jan. 2017 to Nov. 2017 Led the entire process of designing, building, and transferring the current infrastructure, data, and applications from an on-premises to AWS on S3 and EMR with a scale of 5PB data and 100s of applications
Hortonworks Mountain View
System Architect-Platform-Engineering Dec. 2014 to Dec. 2016 Delivered the Security Data Lake Project by migrating from Traditional EDW to Hadoop (30PB) with a real- time streaming application running in production. The application has 850 customers and 1 million events /sec throughput
Build Lamda architecture data ingestion and aggregation to make data available with a delay of an hour after creation
education
Masters in computer science, CA Jan. 2010 to Sept. 2011 Bachelors in Electronics and Communications
Engineering, JNTH
Sept. 2005 to May
2009
early employment
Comcast · Bigdata Tech Lead Oct. 2013 to Sept. 2014 Visa · Hadoop Consultant Mar. 2012 to Sept. 2013
Jb Micro Inc · Linux/Hadoop Engineeer Mar. 2010 to Jan. 2012
summary
Engineering leader with a robust
data platform, infrastructure, and
engineering background. Over 5+
years in engineering management
roles, combined with 13 years of
technical expertise and a proven
track record in designing, building,
and managing data solutions for
startups and enterprises.
Aws (S3,Ec2, Glue, EMR, EMR Serverless, MSK, IAM,
Lambda, RDS, Athena, EKS, SQS, SNS, Cloud watch,
Cloud trail, Cost explorer), Airflow, Kubernetes,
Spark, Databricks, Datahub, Delta Lake, Parquet,
Kafka, Mongo, Ambari, Cloudera Manager, Hadoop,
Yarn, MapReduce, Hive, Sqoop, Zookeeper, Presto,
Cassandra, Encryption, Luigi, CI/CD, Grafana,
Terraform, Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Shell script, Mysql, Postgres, Kinetica, Dynamo DB, Cassandra, SQL,
Jenkins, Encryption, LDAP, Pagerduty, Git
skills
certifications
Amazon Web Services Solutions
Architect - Professional
Hortonworks Certified Apache
Hadoop Administrator 2.X
Datastax Cassandra certified
developer
Cloudera Certified Admin for
Apache Hadoop
Cloudera Certified Developer for
Apache Hadoop
Cloudera Certified Spark and
Hadoop Developer
CCA Cisco Certified Network
Associate
Cloudera Certified Specialist in
Apache HBase
Contact this candidate