Raghunathan Rajagopalan
Software Architect
San Jose, CA 95123
408-***-****
ad6wyz@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
● 15 plus years of experience in designing and developing SaaS and on premise applications for enterprise and healthcare
● 10 plus years of experience in designing SOA and microservice based applications
● 5 plus years of experience working with GCP and AWS
● 6 years of being a manager empowering and supporting new graduate hires and senior engineers to grow in their career path
● 10 plus years of experience in being hands-on architecting web applications using various frameworks (Angular, React, JQuery).
● 15 plus years of experience in being hands-on architect designing and developing web services, database models and interactions, data processors and algorithms.
● 6 years of experience in being hands-on architect and leading engineers to design and develop 5 native and non native mobile applications.
● 6 years of being a hands-on manager mentoring and coaching multiple AGILE scrum teams on proper design, code coverage and code reviews to improve quality of products.
● 6 plus years of experience in crafting roadmaps, release plans, and detailed project plans following AGILE methodologies.
● 6 plus years of experience working with Product Managers, QA and other stakeholders to gather requirements and showcasing current state of products in development.
SKILLS
Programming Languages :
Java (10 plus years), Javascript (10 plus years), Typescript (6 plus years), Python (2 years), Kotlin (3 years), Swift (3 years), SQL (15 years), C (6 plus years), C++ (2 plus years), UNIX shell scripts (15 years), GO (less than 1 year) Markup Language :
HTML5 (10 plus years), CSS (10 plus years)
Databases : BigQuery (3 years), Spanner(3 years), Google Storage (3 years), MySQL (5 years), Postgres (4 years), Oracle (10 years), SQL Server (10 years), Sqllite, Sqlcipher (4 years)
Web Frameworks : Angular (5 years), ReactJS (1 year), Spring Framework (12 years), Node.js (2 years)
Web Application Servers : Nginx, Jetty, Apache Tomcat Mobile Apps : Android(Java/Kotlin) (5 years), iOS (Swift) (3 years), React Native (1.5 years)
Operating Systems : Linux/Unix (15 years), Android (5 years), iOS (3 years), Windows (10 years)
Test Frameworks : Mobile Application Test Frameworks (5 years), JUnit and TestNG(10 years), Mockito (10 years), Karma (5 years) Continuous Integration : Bitrise (3 years) and Jenkins (10 years). Deployment : Ansible (1 year), Terraform (1 year), Kubernetes (3 years), Docker(4 years), JFrog/Maven Artifactory (5 years) Object Relational Mapping : Ormlite (3 years), Hibernate (3 years) Cloud Platforms : GCP (3 years), AWS (2 years)
Web Services : REST (10 plus years), gRPC (1.5 years) Messaging Middleware : GCP PubSub (3 years)
Project Management : JIRA (10 years)
EXPERIENCE
BrightInsight, San Jose, CA - Software Architect
January 2021 - March 2024
● Hands-on architect provided technical direction to a distributed team of engineers to successfully design and develop web applications using Angular, React frameworks in Typescript and javascript.
● Hands-on architect provided technical direction to a distributed team of backend developers to implement the microservices. These services were developed in JAVA, Python and hosted on GCP.
● Hands-on architect provided technical direction to a distributed team of native mobile application developers and react native mobile application developers to successfully implement mobile applications which had features of communicating with their healthcare providers using messages.
● Worked with developers to troubleshoot and resolve customer escalations.
● Acted as a scrum master and coordinated the scrum ceremonies so that the stories were clearly defined, estimated and removed hurdles so that developer’s velocity is not impeded.
● Interacted with employment agencies to interview and recruit new hires.
● Held weekly meetings with direct reports to coach and advise them.
● Implemented some of the features and resolved defects.
● Acted as a DevOps engineer and resolved issues with CI/CD infrastructure.
Cepheid, Sunnyvale, CA - Senior Manager Software Engineering May 2017 - December 2020
● Managed 5-10 software engineers and software test engineers.
● Provide technical leadership and direction to development and test team members in developing and testing of an Android mobile application which enabled the user to control Cepheid’s next generation diagnostic instrument called the Omni for testing COVID-19 and other diseases.
● Assign tasks to team members and follow up on tasks assigned.
● Interact with employment agencies to interview and recruit new hires.
● Conduct semi annual and annual performance reviews.
● Interact with different departments to gather requirements and put it in the product backlog.
● Help in designing features, implement many salient features like sending SMS of the test results to healthcare professionals, bluetooth and NFC interaction.
● Conduct code reviews to catch defects early on .
● Act as DevOps engineer and administer the Jenkins continuous integration server and maintain all the projects.
● Lead a team of 5 development engineers and 5 test engineers in the enablement of i18n and l10n of the Xpress Application. The application uses Angular to implement the user interface and Spring, Java, Hibernate and SQL Server to implement the back end.
● Enhanced an existing barcode scanner service to support Honeywell scanner N660X and a motorola scanner. This service was implemented in C++.
Cepheid, Sunnyvale, CA - Staff Software Engineer
May 2014 - May 2017
● Provide technical leadership and direction to development and test team members in developing and testing of an Android mobile application which enabled the user to control Cepheid’s next generation diagnostic instrument called the Omni for testing MTB and other diseases.
● Design and developed the REST webservice which ran on the Omni instrument. The mobile application interfaced with this web service. The webservice was implemented using the Jersey REST framework.
● Designed and developed the ability for the Omni system to send patient results to doctor’s phone as SMS.
● Lead a team of 3 engineers to design and develop an android application for verification of NFC tag writing in the assembly line.
● Lead a team of 2 engineers to design and develop a web application for the creation of assay bundles so it can be distributed to customers via the cloud. This was implemented using AngularJS, Spring boot, Java and Mysql.
● Lead a team of 2 engineers to design and develop an android application for writing cartridge tags using 2D barcode labels.
● Act as a Devops engineer for the team.
● Designed and developed an android application for the hardware team to facilitate the EMI testing of the Omni instrument.
● Design and implement some features for the GxNext system. This system was a cloud based testing system. This was implemented using Javascript, JQuery, Apache, Java and Postgres on AWS.
● Design and developed a mini web application for graphically represent the operation of the Omni system. This application was developed using Javascript, JQuery and NodeJS on AWS.
CA Technologies, Santa Clara, CA - Principal Software Architect Feb 2000 - April 2014
● Held various tech lead positions to bring to market the following products
Clarity Project and Portfolio Management
Ehealth Network Monitor
Database Performance Monitor
ETL tools for Oracle and Sybase
● Designed and Implemented many salient features for the above products using the following tech stack Java, C, C++, Javascript, JQuery, KnockoutJS, JayData, HTML, CSS, SQL, Oracle DB, Sybase, Vertica, DB2 UDB, XSL, XSLT, XML.
● Mentored and coached a team of 2 software engineers. EDUCATION
University Of Mumbai, Maharashtra, India - Bachelors of Engineering in Computer Engineering
CERTIFICATIONS
https://www.linkedin.com/in/raghunathan-rajagopalan-9358743/details/certifi cations/
Contact this candidate