Nader Allam Elziny PMI- PMP®
Contact:
Name: Nader Allam El ziny
Mobile Phone : +965-********
: +965-********
Nationality : Egyptian
Email Address : ad6yka@r.postjobfree.com
Education : Bachelor's degree, Civil Engineering.
SUMMARY
As I have more than 25 years of experience in construction and civil projects, a PMP Certified. I believe that my experience, skills, and qualifications are an ideal match to the job Requirements.
The enclosed CV demonstrates my significant and field experience in overseeing a wide range of construction and civil projects, including concrete structures, steel structures, finishing works, landscape, piping, demolishing and renovation of existing buildings in different fields of construction like refinery constructions, harbor, high rise buildings, security buildings, substations, industrial buildings, residential buildings, health clinic, airports, schools, administration buildings, military works, etc. reviewing shop drawings, Tendering, Planning scheduling,managing of construction work till handover, manage and coordinate between several teams, and assist higher managements. In addition, the projects that I have undertaken have honed my skills in building strong working relationships with clients, and construction teams ensuring quality and safety from start to finish.
I also have wide experience in oil & gas and refinery constructions in major projects with leading international companies.
EXPERIENCE (25 years)
Jan 2023 –
Present
Project Manager - (KOC approved)
HOT Engineering & Construction Co.
New Laboratory for Export Operations.
EPC Project in KOC including design and engineering, procurement and construction of the new main laboratory, Substation, and mosque buildings in addition to external networks, hard and soft landscaping,earth works and asphalt roads .
Managing and coordinating all tasks and activities of the project to ensure delivery outcomes in the time frame, budget and quality.
Develop and manage construction programs.
Coordinate on site project delivery staff and suppliers
Reviewing of design and shop drawings.
Managing and coordinating different teams.
Following up and directing subcontractors.
Managing project costing and budget.
Ensure safety and quality during all project phases.
Monitor and report on progress to stakeholders and client. March 2021 –
MiJan 2022
Project Manager
Petrocorp International - L & T Abdali - Kuwait
New Strategic Gas Export pipeline from North Kuwait to MAA. Construction of buildings and piplines in KOC e.g., control buildings and EDG building including all civil and finishing works .in addition to Civil, earth works related to the construction of pipelines and all external utilities and networks, renovation and steel works for new manifold area, pig trap. carbon bed vessel and slug catcher and all tie-in and shut down civil related works.
Managing and coordinate all tasks and activities of the project in order to ensure delivery outcomes in the time frame, budget and quality.
Develop and manage construction programs.
Coordinate on site project delivery staff and suppliers
Reviewing of shop drawings.
Managing and coordination between different teams.
Following up and directing subcontractors.
Managing project costing and budget.
Ensure safety and quality during the all the project phases.
Monitor and report on progress to stakeholders and client. March 2019 -
Sep 2020
Construction Manager
KMC Holding - HSS JV Joint Management. Al Zour - Kuwait Al Zor new refinery:
Construction of Al Zor Harbor buildings (package 5). Construction of harbor buildings in KIPIC several buildings e.g. harbor master control tower, administration, building, clinic, mosque and maintenance building, including concrete works, all internal finishing and external facade, curtain walls, Aluminum composite panel and GRC works.
March 2017 –
January 2019
Senior Project Engineer
Al Ghanim international - FDH JV. Al Zour – Kuwait Al Zour New Refinery:
Civil works, underground piping (package 3).
Working on a major project in KIPIC. Including common refinery civil and mass earth works underground piping and industrial facilities like, pipe rack, piping, Cooling towers, boiler foundations concrete culverts and temporary facilities.
Managing execution of work with site engineers and supervisors.
Scheduling and planning of work.
Reviewing of shop drawings.
Coordination between different teams.
Following up with sub-contractors.
Ensuring quality and safety.
Follow up with client to fulfil contract requirements.
Attending coordination and progress construction meeting. March 2014 -
March 2017
Senior Civil Engineer
STFA Construction Group, Ahmadi – Kuwait
Small Boat Harbor:
Major Project in KOC in Ahmadi Refinery, including marine works, onshore and offshore buildings with pile foundation, concrete and steel buildings, big concrete water tank, electrical substation, administration buildings, dewatering, shoring, security fences, finishing works, demolishing and renovation of existing buildings.
Managing execution of work with site engineers and supervisors.
Attending coordination and progress construction meetings.
Scheduling and planning of work.
Reviewing of shop drawings.
Coordination between different teams.
Following up with sub-contractors.
Ensuring quality and safety.
Follow up with client to fulfill contract requirements.
Perform construction manager duties.
April 2010 –
March 2014
Project Engineer
Samsung - Canar, Ahmadi – Kuwait
Integrated Security System for all KOC facilities: Major project in KOC Including 96 locations for example GC01, GC02, GC03, GC04, COCC, CMM, EWDP2, GC21, GC22, B2-MBB, Asset security buildings etc. including high security fences, security gates, road blocker, guard houses. Equipment buildings, substation. Buildings, asphalt roads, gatch roads, Protection of underground and above ground facilities, finishing works and landscaping, Also Worked in project of construction four 132/11kv substation in KOC North. Kuwait, Burgan, and Ahmadi.
Approved by Kuwait Oil Company (KOC).
Managing execution of work for 10 locations with site construction team.
Attending coordination and progress construction meetings.
Scheduling and planning of work.
Reviewing of shop drawings.
Coordination between different teams.
Following up with sub-contractors.
Ensuring quality and safety.
Follow up with client to fulfill contract requirements. Sep. 2008 –
April 2010
Project Engineer
Canar Trading and Contracting, Kuwait
Mubarak Al Kabeer neighborhood center (PAHW):
Performed Neighborhood center including mosque, health clinic, supermarket, landscape, and infrastructure works.
Approved by Public Authority for Housing Welfare.
Handling execution of site work.
Reporting construction work progress and daily site reports.
Scheduling and planning of work.
Reviewing of shop drawings.
Coordination between different teams.
Following up with sub-contractors.
Ensuring quality and safety.
Follow up with client to fulfill contract requirements. Sep. 2006 –
April 2008
Project Manager
Taj Al Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Maamr Bin Rashid preparatory school:
Managing a project of preparatory school including 3 floors, 28 class, interior and exterior shed, boundary wall, ground water tank, drainage trench, landscape. Participate in studying and tendering of many projects. Approved by educational building. Ministry of education Saudi Arabia Dec. 2000 –
Sep 2006
Project Manager
Ismailia, Egypt
Metwally Ghobary Consultant office.
From 2000—2002, performed a big school including residential building, Conference hall, big restaurant, roads, landscape, exterior steel shed, boundary wall, classes. Several sport halls and Natural stone boundary wall. From 2002-2004 performed an airport for small plans. Asphalt Roads and. Waves obstruction. Maintenance, architectural finishing, concrete stamped floors. Multi story building.
From 2004-2006 performed a project of public building. Steel structure workshop (big hungers) for heavy truck Employed in the Ministry of administration and development (municipality). Oct. 1999 –
Dec. 2000
Site Engineer
Ismailia, Egypt
Egyptian army.
Participate in managing and construction of big projects. Including a lot of concrete buildings and huge conference buildings, road works landscape, design of concrete structures.
EDUCATION
Bachelor's Degree, Civil Engineering
Faculty of Engineering.
Location: El Minia -Egypt
May 1999
Grade: GOOD, 72.9 out of 100
Studying started in 1994 finished 1999.
REGISTRATIONS/AFFILIATIONS
Kuwait Society of Engineers (KSE)
Membership/Role: 20803
Member since: October 2008
Egyptian Engineers Syndicate.
Membership/Role: 22/01362
Member since: May 1999.
PROJECT MANAGEMENT INSTITUTE (PMI).
Membership/Role: 5640906
Member since: Feb 2020.
SPECIFIC TECHNICAL EXPERTISE/SPECIALIST COURSES
- Certified Professional Project Management (PMP). PMP® Number: 2767095
- Safety Observation and Conversation (SOC).
- First Aid & CPR Training Course.
Skills:
AUTOCAD, MICROSOFT WORD, EXCEL, MICROSOFT PROJECT
Level: Expert.
Languages:
Arabic
Level: Expert
English
Level: Expert
Comments:
- Approved by Kuwait Oil Company (KOC).
- Approved by SSHI, PMC of Kuwait oil company (KOC).
- Approved by Public Authority for Housing Welfare (PAHW).
- Approved by Educational Buildings - Ministry of Education - Saudi Arabia. Personal information
Birth Date: 7 June 1976
Gender: Male
Nationality: Egyptian
Residence Country: Al Farwaniyah, Kuwait
Visa Status: 18 article Residency Visa (Transferable) Marital Status: Married
Number of Dependents: four
Driving License Issued from Kuwait, Egypt.
Contact this candidate