SAMEH SALEM A. MOATY
Engineering / Technical Manager
Projects / Project Manager
Address
Al Reem Island
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Contacts
+971-*********
ad70gz@r.postjobfree.com
Personal Details
Date of Birth: 30/3/1978
Marital Status: Married
Nationality: Egyptian
LANGUAGES
Arabic: Mother Tongue
English: Excellent
Speak – Reading – Writing
Professional Summary:
Engineering-Technical Manager / Project Manager:
With more than 22 years’ experience in Engineering/design/Installation/testing, commissioning of all Electrical works and projects management including 12 years in UAE with multinational organizations and contracting companies. Approved Technical Manager for the Engineering department assigned for infrastructure projects’ constructions. Approved Project manager for O & M & EPC projects as well as handling all Electrical Engineering activities in the organization. Great ability for the turn key projects using all the resources & tools to represent developers and investment groups, supported by strong relations and contacts with key persons in UAE and Gulf area. Particular experience in Local Authorities regulations and international standards along with ADNOC Offshore, ADDC, ENEC and TRANSCO Competency certificate approval. PERSONAL SUMMARY Also, strong ability to initiate electrical engineering documentation and design.
• Project management skills including leadership, strong communication, risk/cost management, critical thinking for the project path and good ability for organizing and negotiation for the, STP’s, RO unit’s as well as recycled water projects and Marine works.
• Technical Management skills with leadership ability to guide a complete design team with strategic thinking, provide a technical direction and vision for the team, supporting individual Engineers, organizing and review the design with project team members and have a great ability to work under pressure.
• Engineering Management Skills with full capability of project engineering initiation, designs, planning as well as reviewing all project design aspects, value engineering, supervising complete engineering team with identified technical solutions within logical project time frame and effectively cost designs.
• Electrical Engineering skills using Design software, as Equodial/Schneider 4.08, E Lux, etc. following the international standards: BS-7671/EN60439, IEC-60364, RSB regulation for Electricity Wiring 2007/2020 & similar prospective standards as well as local standards: DoE, ADDC, ADEWA, DEWA, SWS, etc.
• Preparing all Design / Full Engineering documents / technical material submittals for electrical and instrumentations well as reviewing the mechanical and process technical submittals.
• Professional for using AUTOCAD software for Design/Detailed Engineering.
• Preparing all Material list / LPO’s and following up with suppliers FAT, SAT & delivery.
• All design and Site Installation works with managing all staff / teams.
• Offshore approval for ADNOC platforms works including TBOSEIT / HSE training.
• Testing and commissioning ability with final handing over to the client.
• Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with all project parties.
+971-*********
Education
Bachelor of Electrical Engineering
Electrical Power & Machines Dept.
Ain Shams University – Cairo, Egypt
Sep. 1995 – June 2000
Key Skills:
Graduation Project Title:
Design of Power System Planning,
sub transmission & distribution,
medium and Low Voltage networks.
Projects & Authorizations Approval:
1- ADDC Project manager:
O & M of Recycled Water network and pump stations and tanker filling A. Jan 2023 – Present: Arabic Engineer Controls & MEP Systems Abu Dhabi, UAE
Engineering Manager:
1- Project engineering initiation, including the project plan, project deliverables, project & engineering schedules, work programs. 2- Full engineering review, verify and acceptance for the company’s projects technical aspects including the newly and running projects. 3- Research and develop all the design documents and establish alternative solutions with a good value engineering practice matching with the required standards and costly effective.
4- Oversee the required training for the for the engineering staff and provide the required plans to cover the requisitions of the project SOFTWARE KNOWLEDGE
• AutoCAD
• MS Office (Word, Excel,
PowerPoint, Access, IE, Outlook)
• Revit, Electrical Design
• Equpdial, Schneider Electrical
Design
• DiaLux, Lighting Calculations
• primavera P6, Professional
stations (Abu Dhabi Island & Al Dhafra Region) Contract No. D-109609 & D- 109608
2- TRANSCO Project manager:
Blanket Agreement for Maintenance Contract of the subsurface facilities of the Strategic Water Storage/Recovery (SWSR) at Liwa, Project No. N- 18163/A
3- TRANSCO Project manager:
Engineering, Procurement and Construction of works for RO implementation, Project No. N-17315 & N-17315-VO1
4- TRANSCO Project Manager:
Procurement, installation and commissioning for mobile hypo chlorination system Project No. TRANSCO (N-16016)
5- ADSSC Project manager:
Supply & Installation of Auto Samplers for sewer Manholes, Project No. ADSSC O-14814
6- ADSSC Technical manager:
Construction Works for the Upgrade of WWTP’s at Al Shuwaib & Ghantoot Project No. ADSSC O-14902.1
7- NAWAH Project manager:
Maintenance of the sea water intake chlorination facilities inside Barakah Nuclear power plant and associated systems.
8- ENEC Technical manager:
Engineering services for the construction of infrastructure support for 1600 ASU inside Barakah Nuclear Power Plant – BNPP & Associated works. 9- ADDC Competent Person:
Authorized to work on Crossing and protection for ADDC’s assets – CP4/LAB
10- TRANSCO Competent Person:
Authorized to issue work permit for Electrical / Mechanical Works / LAP 11- ADNOC Project coordinator:
GCC (Gulf Contracting Company), Ruwais Housing Complex Expansion- Phase IV, New Water Pipeline – Package 1, Project No. 7010-Agreement 147010C1
12- ADNOC offshore TBOSIET
Authorized to work on ADNOC offshore platforms
13- Project Deputy Manager:
Design & Construction for Sila Waste Water Treatment Plant Expansion and External Sewer Work for Sila Emirati Housing - Project No. ADSSC-O11014 14- Testing and Commissioning Engineer:
Miscellaneous Works related to Development projects in Abu Dhabi Emirate, Phase-4 Network, and WWTP Capacity Enhancement at Madinat Zayed - Project No. ADSSC O-11542
Work Experience:
PROJECTS INVOLOVED
• Expansion and Development of
Supervisory Control and Data
Acquisition (SCADA) for ADSSC.
Project No. O-15042.1 – Ongoing
• Maintenance & Support for SCADA
system of Recycled Water network.
Project No. D-109000
• Operation and Maintenance of
Recycled Water Network, Pumping
Stations and Tanker Filling Stations
in Central and Al Dhafra Regions.
(D-109068/9) - Completed
• Engineering Services for STP inside
Barakah Nuclear Power Plant. ENEC
• EPC for Implementation works of
RO Units in Lulu Island, Al Reem
Island & Al Sadr in Abu Dhabi
Project No. TRANSCO (N-17315) –
Completed
• Operation and Maintenance of
STP’s & all water systems in Al Ain
Military Camps CMW (FM-2000-
039) - Completed
• Operation & Maintenance of the
water maker systems in ADNOC
offshore platforms – Completed
• Supply and Installation of
Automatic Samplers for Sewer
manholes Project No. ADSSC (O-
14814) – Completed
• Procurement, installation and
commissioning for mobile hypo
chlorination system. Project No.
TRANSCO (N-16016) – Completed
• Miscellaneous Works related to
development projects in Abu
Dhabi Emirate, Phase-4 Network,
WWTP Capacity Enhancement at
Madinat Zayed. Project No.
ADSSC (O-11542) – Completed
• Upgrade Infrastructure in Al
Quoa, Wadi Al Falie & Al Hayer
Remote Area, Al Ain. Project No.
ADSSC (O-12097) – Completed
• Design & Construction for Sila
Waste Water Treatment Plant
Expansion and External Sewer
Work for Sila Emirati Housing
Project No. ADSSC (O-11014) –
Completed
• EPC for Khalifa port industrial zone
(KPIZ) WWTP with 4 pumping
stations- (Abu Dhabi) with client
ADPC and project management
BECHTEL
• Rehabilitation of International City
Sewage PS (Dubai) – Al Nakheel
• EPC for Sky Courts Towers WWTP –
MBR (Dubai)
• Engineering Services for Northern
cement industries company – RO
Plant (Saudi Arabia)
• EPC works for Al Khor WWTP
expansion – Phase 2 with KAHRMA
(Qatar)
• Extension of Ababa WTP- Phase 2-
Cairo (200,000 m^3/day)
• Extension of Al Amerya WTP- Phase
2-Cairo (200,000 m^3/day)
• Extension of Al Khanka WTP- Phase
2-East Cairo (34,000 m^3/day)
• Extension of Al Badrashen WTP-
Phase 2-South Cairo (34,000
m^3/day)
• Extension of Ibashdat/Bani Amer
WTP- Phase 2-Upper Egypt (24,000
m^3/day)
• 6th October Waste Water Pumping
Station – West Cairo
• Operation & Maintenance of the
greatest waste water treatment
plant in East Cairo –Phase 2 (El
Gabal El Asfar) (with peak flow
650,000 m^3/day)
management to meet the standard requirements for the project completion.
5- Responsible to hire contractors and employees to work on various projects. Also develop policies, procedures, and systems that help the team work together efficiently.
6- Reviewing project proposals, tracking progress, Ensuring quality control and procedures.
7- Prepare all project documentation including the technical submittals, design drawings, preliminary and detailed design reports. 8- Support the office team in the HSE audit documentation as well as the ISO certificates audit and prepare all compliance for covering of the received comments from 3rd and 2nd parties.
Project Manager:
1- Leading the project management for SCADA project with AD SWS, Arranging the project plan and guide overall activities, organize the team members and Project Engineers.
2- Responsible for projects mobilization plan, organization charts, company policies.
3- Define the project’s scope and determine available resources & set time estimates and evaluate the team's or teams’ capabilities. 4- Controlling time management and set realistic deadlines, and good ability to communicate with all project parties.
5- Cost estimating and developing the budget, maintain all the necessary actions in order the project meets a client’s expectations and is completed on time.
6- Analyzing and managing project risk including identify and evaluate potential risks either before the project begins or during the project execution period.
7- Project engineering verification, supporting all system integrators to develop project aspects to provide all technical solutions. B. Dec 2012 – Dec 2023: Pure Water Technology LLC. Abu Dhabi, UAE
Projects/Project Manager:
1- Leading all projects’ managers for EPC/O & M projects, initiate overall activities, organize the team members and Project Engineers. 2- Responsible for projects overall plans, organization charts, company policies and organizing project mobilization completion. 3- Define the project’s scope, determine available resources, set time estimates and evaluate the team's or teams’ capabilities. 4- Create a clear and concise plan to both execute the project activities and monitor its progress.
5- Organizing and motivating the project team & developing clear, straightforward plans that stimulate Design and site teams to reach their full potential.
6- Preparing, reviewing all required asset assessment report and evaluation for the required overhauling, maintenance and replacement criteria. 7- Controlling time management and set realistic deadlines, and good ability to communicate with all project parties.
8- Cost estimating and developing the budget, maintain all the necessary actions in order to meet the clients’ expectations as per their standard and within project time frame.
9- Analyzing and managing project risk including identify and evaluate potential risks either before the project begins or during the project execution period.
10- Monitoring the project progress and maintain the project baseline program on the specific timing including the engineering part, procurement, construction, testing and commissioning and final handing over to the client.
Technical Manager / Senior Electrical & Instrument Engineer: 1- Guide a complete design team with strategic thinking, provide a technical direction and vision for the Engineering dept., supporting individual Engineers, organizing and review the design with project team members.
2- Responsible for implementation & providing the project design strategy. 3- Establishing and enforcing technical standards and policies. 4- Prepare all the Electrical Engineering and Design for the project including Single Line Diagrams, Electrical Calculation for Load schedule, Transformer and Generator Sizing, Cable Voltage Drop with particular sizing, selection as well as Power Factor according to project specification and authorization regulation plus international standards. 5- Completion for Design Reports including P & ID, Detailed and process Design Report and project Control Philosophy as well as HAZOP Studies. 6- Completion for Civil Outline/GA drawings, Plant Layout, Cables Rout, instrumentation Hookup detailed Drawings.
7- Completion for Design of Lighting (Internal & External) and small power system including detailed feeding circuits with related DB schedules. 8- Establish for all detailed design electrical Shop drawings including lighting and small power, fire alarm, telephone system, earthing and lightning protection, cable routing with full coordination with MP Drawings and HVAC.
9- Create control / instrument cable schedule and interconnection loop diagrams.
10- Completion of all electrical technical material submittals (Selection for MCC’s, PFCC, Cables, Cable accessories, Cable trays, Lighting and small power with wiring accessories, instruments, earthing and lightning protection materials)
11- Create all related method statement for installation with safety procedures and Risk Assessment.
12- Establish the general architectural schematic diagrams for PLC / SCADA system and prepare the control system material submittal with system integrator.
13- Establish over all testing and commissioning plans for completion and handing over procedures. Arrange FAT/ITP/ITR/SAT documents and attend with the engineer/client for all electrical and control system items inspections and FAT in the supplier premises.
14- Full coordination with documents controller/QA & QS engineers to estimate and finalize all time and work progress schedules plus and design submission, follow up log sheets and estimate all variation works as well as submission to the engineer/client.
15- Prepare all required documents/design drawing for permanent / temporary power connection to DoE/ADDC/AADC and follow up till final power energizing.
Site Work Responsibilities:
1- Supervise all activities for the project Installation, testing, commissioning with handing over electrical works as well as supporting for the activities of the process and mechanical equipment. 2- Guide and supervise all installation/testing of (MCC’s, Capacitors panels, PLC & SCADA, Cables, Cable trays, lighting and small power accessories, HVAC systems, junction boxes, local control panels) along with complete termination and connection.
3- Installation and connection for different kinds of instruments (ultrasonic, hydrostatic level sensors and transmitter. Electromagnetic flow meters. Analyzers transmitters such as pH, DO, Chlorine. Pressure transmitters.
• I am looking forward & hardly working
to improve my career and prepare for
my next position as an OPERATIONS
MANAGER or a GENERAL MANAGER
inside the prospective organization.
• My professional & experience are
based on the project management,
technical supervision, complete
engineering, design, installation,
testing & commissioning along with
operation and maintenance for the
waste water and water treatment
plants including pumping and lifting
stations and related units and facilities
associated with such plants.
• The experience including the electrical,
control and instrumentation sections
for the whole project and also perfect
knowledge with mechanical
installation.
• Seeking a challenging career were my
professional & educational could be
utilized & will be progressed, gross can
be achieved also my skills may be
developed.
• Team-work as very effective.
• Working under pressure.
• Strong ability to learn.
• Highly communication skills with team
work leader as well as member and
others involved in the project.
• Always seeking a higher position inside
the organization, do the needful to
increase the ability for the company to
complete all project management &
engineering works with minimizing all
related cost and efforts with good
practice time/cost schedules.
• Willing to travel for strong
communication and attending on
abroad for more effective progress and
perfect coordination.
PERSONAL SKILLS
11- Managing reports and necessary documentation and present comprehensive reports documenting so that all project requirements were fulfilled, as well as the projects’ history recording.
`
External Training:
- HSE induction for working in nuclear
power plants, including all risk and Job
analysis hazardous
- Nuclear safety and security
- 3-way communication and Human
interface
- Working at heights and confined space
- ADDC System Safety Rules / 5th Edition,
June 2018
- TRANSCO system safety rules.
- ADNOC offshore safety induction & T-
BOSIET certification.
- Training for offshore platforms
emergency and evacuation.
- Sea survival procedures.
- Basic Firefighting
- Basic First Aid
- Emergency Planning & Procedures-fire
marshals
- Fundamental of Fire Fighting
presentation & protection process
- Necessary First Aid Procedures
- Firefighting, rescue & civil defense
- Biological treatment process
- Pumps & instruments (example flow
meters) design
- Electrical training (Safety during work
on switch gear, low & medium volt)
- Industrial, site & electrical safety
training and induction.
- Programmable logic controller (PLC) -
Cairo university, Faculty of Engineering
Level/flow/pressure switches).
4- Prepare and submit all related IR’s, RFI, Work permits to the engineer/Client, O & M with related justification and clarification then following up till final approval.
5- Supervise and guide all testing & commissioning activities as well as handing over procedures & PAC/FAC and related documentation including as built drawings and O & M Manuals.
6- Attending project progress meetings with the client and consultant representatives and discuss all project activities, put action plan for the delayed works, following up for completion of project closeout. C. Apr 2011 – Dec 2012: Metito Overseas LLC, HQ.
Sharjah, UAE
Main Responsibilities:
1- Prepare all Electrical Engineering and Design for the project including Single Line Diagrams, Electrical Calculation for Load schedule, Transformer and Generator Sizing, Cable Voltage Drop with particular sizing and selection and also for Power Factor according to project specification and authorization regulation plus international standards. 2- Completion for Design Reports including P & ID, Detailed Design Report and project Control Philosophy as well as HAZOP Studies. 3- Completion for Civil Outline/GA drawings, Plant Layout, Cables Rout, instrumentation Hookup detailed Drawings.
4- Completion for Design of Lighting (Internal & External) and small power system including detailed feeding circuits with related DB schedules. 5- Establish for all detailed design electrical Shop drawings including lighting and small power, fire alarm, telephone system, earthing and lightning protection, cable routing with full coordination with MP Drawings and HVAC
6- Create control / instrument cable schedule and interconnection loop diagrams
7- Completion of all electrical technical material submittals (Selection for MCC’s, PFC panel, Cables, Cable accessories, Cable trays, Lighting and small power with wiring accessories, instruments, earthing and lightning protection material) and all related method statement for installation with safety procedures
8- Selection for different kinds of instruments (ultrasonic, hydrostatic level sensors and transmitter. Electromagnetic flow meters. Analyzers transmitters such as pH, DO, Chlorine. Pressure transmitters. Level/flow/pressure switches).
9- Establish over all testing and commissioning plan for completion and handing over procedures. Arrange FAT/ITP/ITR documents. 10- Full coordination with documents controller/QA & QS engineers to estimate and finalize all time and work progress schedules plus and design submission follow up log sheets and estimate all variation works and submit to the engineer/client
11- Prepare all documents/design drawing to ADDC/KAHRMA for permanent/temporary power connection and follow up till final power release.
Site Work Responsibilities:
1- Follow up all Installation, testing, commissioning with handing over electrical works.
2- Leading the design team for the project to attend at site and follow up with the engineering activities with all project parties till final approval. 3- Site practice following up for matching all design and engineering aspects with the site work activities and project progress. Senior Electrical & Instrumentation:
1. Engr. Hani Weheda – AAW Consultant
Engineers, Abu Dhabi.
General Manger:
009**-*********
ad70gz@r.postjobfree.com
2. Engr. Ahmed Zaki – ILF Consultant
Engineers, Abu Dhabi.
Water Urban Development Dept. Head:
009**-*********
ad70gz@r.postjobfree.com
D. Aug 2008 – Apr 2011: Metito Overseas LLC, HQ.
Cairo, Egypt.
Senior Electrical & Instrumentation:
Main Responsibilities:
1- Prepare all Electrical Engineering and Design for the project including Single Line Diagrams, Electrical Calculation for Load schedule, Transformer and Generator Sizing, Cable Voltage Drop with particular sizing and selection and also for Power Factor according to project specification and authorization regulation plus international standards. 2- Design for Single Line Diagrams of the water treatment plant / sewage pumping station and supporting the process and mechanical design team for finalizing all engineering aspects.
3- Establish Electrical Calculation for Load schedule, Transformer and Generator Sizing, Cable Voltage Drop with particular sizing and selection and also Power Factor Sizing according to project specification and authorization regulation plus international standards. 4- Completion for Civil Outline drawings, Layout, Cables Rout/MV Cables corridor.
5- Completion for Design of Lighting (Internal & External) and small power system, Including detailed feeding circuits with related DB schedules. 6- Establish for all detailed design electrical Shop drawings including lighting and small power, earthing and lightning protection cable routing with full coordination with MP Drawings and HVAC.
7- Create control / instrument cable schedule and interconnection loop diagrams.
8- Completion of all electrical technical material submittals (Selection for MCC’s, PFC panel, Cables, Cable accessories, Cable trays, Lighting and small power with wiring accessories, instruments, earthing and lightning protection material).
9- Establish over all testing and commissioning plans for completion and handing over procedures. Arrange FAT/ITP/ITR/SAT documents and attend with the engineer/client for all electrical and control system items inspections and FAT in the supplier premises.
10- Support the project planning team for preparation the project schedules as well as the QS / estimation team for arranging the BOQ, measurement sheet, material take off, project cost control and related histograms and curves as well as preparation of tender drawings and documents. Site Work Responsibilities:
1- Supervise all activities for the project Installation, testing, commissioning with handing over electrical works as well as supporting for the activities of the process and mechanical equipment. 2- Guide and supervise all installation/testing of electrical items and equipment’s (MV Switch gear, MV Motors (600 kw/11 KV), MV Auto Transformers with Built in Capacitor Bank along with the HVDC and associated control system, interlock and power supply management, LV Switch boards & MCC’s, Local Control panels, Filter Control Desks, Motorized Valves/Penstocks Control Panels, Cables, Cable trays, lighting and small power accessories, HVAC systems, junction boxes with complete termination and connection.
3- Supervise and guide all testing & commissioning activities as well as handing over procedures & PAC/FAC and related documentation including as built drawings and O & M Manuals.
REFERENCES
E. May 2004 – Aug 2008: Nile Degremont LLC.
Cairo, Egypt.
a. Operation Team Leader
b. Deputy Team Leader
c. Electrical Jr. Engineer
Site Work Responsibilities:
1- Attending all Installation, testing, commissioning procedures at site along with plant performance and final handing over. 2- Lead and supervise a complete technical team consist of Electromechanical engineers / technicians for plant startup, reliability and performance test then O & M activities.
3- Organize and distribute the work responsibilities for all team members. 4- Prepare schedules for Preventive & Corrective Electrical/Mechanical Maintenance.
5- Prepare all areas & equipment’s check lists and maintenance reports and submit it to the engineer/client on daily/monthly basis. 6- Record all site activities on the daily reports including all operation and maintenance events.
7- Operation and maintenance (preventive/corrective) for the plant equipment’s including:
• MV/LV Switch gears, ATS Panels with feeding network maneuver.
• HVDC with the associated control system with synchronization and interlock systems as well as plant power supply arrangement.
• Different kind of pumps (screw pumps 400 Kw-11 Kv, Centrifugal, positive displacement, diaphragm).
• Higher technology MV - VFD air blowers (710 Kw-11 Kv).
• Biogas compressors/boilers and associated heat exchangers.
• All process equipment’s included in plant units/tanks such as grease and sand removal travelling bridges, primary/secondary and biological aeration tanks, dissolved air floatation and sludge thickening facilities, mechanical dewatering with belt press, chlorination dosing and leakage detection system, R.O units for service water.
8- Dealing with equipment failure and find alternative solutions along with immediate response and action.
9- Ensure all O & M activities have been done with complete safety conditions.
Project Involved:
The greatest waste water treatment plant in East Cairo –Phase 2 (El Gabal El Asfar) (with peak flow 650,000 m^3/day)
F. Aug 2002 – May 2004: Beauty Shoes for soles
Cairo, Egypt.
Factory Deputy Manager
Main Responsibilities & work activities:
1- Installation, testing & commissioning for the injection and casting machines with hydraulic pressure up to 120 bar.
2- Same for the accessories’ units in the factory such as boilers, heat exchangers, cutter machines and heavy loading machinery. 3- Design and install power/water/air supply for the machinery inside factory.
4- Follow up the operation and production.
5- Organize and distribute the work responsibilities for all factory members.
Contact this candidate