BLAISE F. ST. RAYMOND, PETE, MBA

713-***-**** ad73du@r.postjobfree.com
Houston, TX linkedin.com/in/blaise-st-raymond

ENERGY & STRATEGY CONSULTANT PORTFOLIO ACQUISITIONS & MANAGEMENT
International Engineering manager with demonstrated experience in upstream/midstream energy development and strategy opinions. Adept at fostering team growth and value-added people management. Effective communication skills conveying engineering/technical knowledge with non-technical personnel. Recognized reputation by Executive Management for accurate value-based analysis. Proven energy portfolio manager in both private equity and corporate banking and strategy data modeling.

KEY STRENGTHS
Strategic Business/Technical Analysis Corporate and Asset Valuations
Financial/Technical Modeling Acquisitions & Divestments

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Bayou Energy Ventures, LLC, Houston TX 2021 – Present
Founding Partner, Petroleum Investments/Consulting
Established in December 1998 as a personal investment company concentrating on Upstream Oil & Gas assets. Currently have acquired over 36 acquisitions including non-operated working interests, mineral, royalty and overriding royalty interests and undeveloped leasehold and mineral interests. Expanded into petroleum consulting in January 2021 after retirement from BMO Capital Markets.
Client list includes small-cap E&P companies, private equity shops, individual investors and banks.
Specialties: M&A, Deal Due Diligence, Carbon Capture & Sequestration (CCS), A&D Advisory, Fairness & Solvency Opinions, Reservoir Engineering & Economic Evaluations, Reserve Based Lending Models.

BMO Capital Markets Corp., Houston TX, Calgary AB, London England 2008 – 2021
Managing Director, Global Head of Engineering, Energy
Head of Engineering Department with responsibility for managing and leading team of 10 Petroleum Engineers and Technicians located in Houston, Calgary and London. Management included reservoir engineering, acquisition and divestiture analysis for corporate and investment banking teams, oil and gas price decks, and successful completion of Federal Reserve audits over seven years.
Client list includes 50+ Oil & Gas E&P Companies, MLP’s and mid-stream gathering and transportation entities ranging in market cap from $50 million to over $5 billion.
Developed proprietary technical/financial engineering model used by entire engineering team across the globe and declared an official model within the Bank (vetted and checked for errors by the Bank’s modelling team).
Supervised engineering of project finance deals including heavy oil, SAGD and FPSO projects valued at over $1 billion.
High profile transaction accomplishments:
oComstock Resources, Frisco TX
Functioned as buy-side engineering advisor and assisted in rendering a fairness opinion for the Company’s $2.2 billion acquisition of Covey Park Resources.
Provided engineering analysis and secured credit approval to lead a new $1.575 billion credit facility.
Delivered engineering analysis and support of a new agented $700 million credit facility in support of their Arkoma transaction.
BLAISE F. ST. RAYMOND - Résumé (cont.) Page 2

Managed engineering analysis as Lead Agent in bank group of 20+ institutions.
oHalcon Resources, Houston TX
Technical Analysis of exit financing from bankruptcy and lead agent of new $275 million credit facility
oEnVen Energy, Houston TX
Managed engineering process and instrumental in engineering credit approvals as lead bank on multiple financings and as agent for new credit facilities and high-yield offerings totaling over $1 billion.

Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., Houston TX 2004 – 2008
Director, Head of Technical Services – Energy Group
Engineering Lead for Technical Analysis Division of the Energy, Utilities and Chemicals Group.
Directly accountable for engineering & corporate finance analysis for all oil and gas-based loans including structuring, credit determination and portfolio management.
Provided integral data and input for determining the Bank’s internal oil and gas price deck.
Technical expert for both Debt and Equity Capital Markets teams in all facets of corporate and investment banking.

EMC Holdings, LLC, Houston TX 1998 – 2004
Managing Director & Founding Partner
Raised, invested, and managed $25 million private equity hedge fund focused primarily on the energy upstream and services industry. Accountable for sourcing, analyzing, and negotiating investments in both the public and private sectors with an overall concentration in E&P.
Performed in the top 10% of all funds over a five-year period.
Supervised company and industry research, focusing on merger candidates.
Formulated strategic plans for Board meetings.
Coordinated equity investments, including long and short stock trades and managed portfolio hedge positions.

ADDITIONAL RELEVENT PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A., New York NY 1991 - 1998
Vice President - Global Oil & Gas Group

Graham Resources, Inc., Covington LA 1987 - 1991
Manager - Corporate Development/Investments Group for Energy Income and Growth Funds

EDUCATION

A.B. Freeman School of Business, Tulane University - New Orleans, Louisiana
Master of Business Administration, Concentration in Finance/Economics

Louisiana State University - Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Bachelor of Science in Petroleum Engineering, Minor in Management

FEDERAL & STATE LICENSES
Series 7 and Series 63 Securities Licenses
Contact this candidate