Farshid Gholami Olyai Ph.D., P.Eng.
*** ******* ****** **** **, Calgary, AB, T3L 3A8, Canada
Phone: +1-403-***-****, Email: ad79mu@r.postjobfree.com PROJECT MANAGER / ENGINEERING MANAGER, CAPITAL PROJECTS Highly accomplished professional engineer with vast knowledge and skills across a variety of disciplines accumulated through more than 25 years of work experience as Discipline lead, Engineering Manager, and Project Manager in capital projects.
Holds an academic degree and possesses research-based knowledge focusing on Engineering Management in oil industry projects.
Demonstrates a wealth of knowledge and experience with a track record of leading teams in multi- disciplinary/multi-operating-center project environments in various capital projects.
Proven success in leading and motivating top-caliber cross-functional teams as an Engineering Manager. AREAS OF EXPERTISE:
• PhD in Project Management with the focus on oil
industry projects
• Practical experience and skills in Project and Engineering Management and Project Management
• Large oil industry project environment within Weak or Strong Matrix Organization structure
• Experience in directing teams of senior level engineers
• Outstanding cross-disciplinary technical knowledge
• Experienced in FEL/FEED phase engineering and other requirements at Organization level
• Value engineering to improve cost performance (at project and organization level)
• Constructability implementation in Engineering
Processes
• Communication and stakeholder management
• Tender/proposal management
• Contracts/delivery methods/pricing arrangement
• Field experience, skilled in managing site interfaces
• Experience in both Owner and EPC organization
• Management of change and coordination
• Earned Value analysis and implementation budget
• Proficient in preparation of project documents and technical write-ups including scopes of work, project execution plans, proposals and bid packages, man-hour estimates, and staffing plans
• Wealth of lessons learnt from previous roles and projects
Credentials include:
Advanced Project Management • Construction Management • Project Engineering Management • Project Procurement • Project Planning and Scheduling • Project Legal Issues PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Engineering Manager, Projects May 2020 -Present
LANXESS Inc. - (United States)
Engineering Manager for the following projects
Bromine Expansion Project, El Dorado, AR
Phosgene Production Plant, El Dorado, AR
PCT Optimization Project, Charleston, SC
HPM Compounding Unit Phase 2 Project, Gastonia, NC Responsible for delivery of engineering scope in multiple simultaneous projects in Chemical plants and business units across North America (19 locations) in FEL2, FEL3, and Execution phases. o Heavily coordinating with stakeholders including engineering contractors, vendors, construction contractors and multi-disciplinary coordination simultaneously ongoing projects. o Effective scope management to prevent scope creep and cost escalation and maintain rigorous control in scope changes and adequate coordination, presentation, justification, and documentation of change. o Recognized by top management for successful and outstanding delivery of a project. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (continued…)
PROJECT MANAGER 2018 -2020
Genesis Alkali- (United States)
Owner’s Project Manager of impoundment expansion and dike raise projects for two tailing impoundments. Responsibilities include:
o Develop and implement execution and construction strategy for impoundment and dike raise projects. o Direct and guide dike raise projects in existing impoundment o Tailing pumps upgrade/replacement in process facilities o New pipeline construction /re-routing existing pipeline o Environmental permitting and related studies and reports o Focal point in developing long-term impoundment projection and tailings management plan ACADEMIC STUDIES AND UPGRADING 2016 –2018
Pursued personal interests in graduate studies (PhD) at the University of Calgary. In the meantime, worked as part-time instructor at Southern Alberta Institute of Technology, as well as some part-time consultation service provider. ENGINEERING TEAM LEAD 2015 –2016
Mammoet Canada
Led, supervised and controlled engineering team responsible for rigging and lifting, and transportation and mobility design.
Coordinated and aligned engineering with parallel functional department such as operation and commercial. CIVIL STRUCTURAL ARCHTECTURAL (CSA) TEAM LEAD 2014 –2015 Chevron
(Service terminated due to project shutdown)
Leading the Lead Engineers - Led and supervised high-caliber civil, structural, architectural, and geotechnical Lead Engineers and teams located in four operating centers (Calgary, Huston, Yokohama, and Vancouver), and provide technical leadership in Kitimat LNG project during FEED and pre-FID.
Project:
Kitimat LNG (Plant Engineering)
Two-tier LNG plant
High-level Responsibilities:
Supporting design development in collaboration with the Joint-Venture EPC contractor
Maintaining integrity and alignment in Contractor deliverables in ISBL and OSBL
Ensuring compliance of Contractor’s engineering deliverables with project requirement, specifications and standards, safety policies etc.
Ensuring integrity and alignment of decisions within project disciplines
Maintaining quality of Contractor deliverables (accuracy, reliability, and cost-effective design) PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (continued…)
Major Activities:
Developed project key documents to be used by Contractor as basis of design (e.g. Project Seismic Design Criteria which was developed based on local Seismic Hazard Assessment Report, CSA Z276, and BCBC 2012 code).
Reviewed Contractors technical decisions and philosophy of design and audited against applicable industry practice as well as company standards and specifications, constructability, cost/schedule impacts etc. (e.g. removed/disabled braces philosophy in module structures, and UG pipe drainage vs. deep ditch drainage philosophy).
Heavily coordinated and guided Contractor’s modularization philosophies for VLMs, in terms of dimensioning, structural systems, adequacy for ocean transport, installation sequencing, etc.
Supervised and coordinated Contractor’s civil works design such as site prep and soils management philosophy (ocean disposal of slurry and clay, soil storage area for rock disposal) for over 5 million cubic meters of earthwork, temporary construction storm sewerage systems, Civil UG design of entire plant, and the like.
Supported Marine discipline, provided input for design of marine structures such as temporary construction jetty, hydro-deck structure, and dolphin structures, review of reports such as subsurface geotechnical reports, intertidal investigation report, etc.
Participated in project cost reduction and value engineering activities and reviewed Contractor’s reports.
Supported subcontractors’ activities (e.g. Geotechnical investigation in Clio Bay British Columbia).
Orchestrated reviewing and commenting project documents and responding to RFI / Technical Query. CIVIL STRUCTURAL ARCHITECTURAL LEAD ENGINEER 2011- 2014 Saipem Canada
Lead and supervised CSA team of up to 30 engineers, specialists, and draft persons, on CNRL Horizon projects. Projects:
Hydrotreater Phase 2 (EPC Lump-sum)
65000 man-hour civil structural engineering
4500 tons of steel structure
Major Activities/Highlights:
Directed, guided, and mentored engineers, designers, and specialists.
Reviewed and ensured the accuracy/sufficiency of design and checked against legal and local rules and regulations.
Ensured consistency of engineering deliverables with applicable codes as well as Client standards.
Achieved excellent proven schedule performance (up to 5% ahead of schedule in consecutive months) for Civil Structural discipline in the entire engineering phase of the project.
Focal point in Civil Structural-related procurement and purchase orders, initiating Kick-off meetings, Pre-inspection meetings, and quality assurance activities with vendors.
Coordinated with site and troubleshot design issues during construction.
Provided construction supervision and site engineering during construction phase.
Received positive feed-back from construction site/fabrication yard in terms of quality of deliverables and efficiency of coordination with site-based construction team to resolve raised issues.
Supported bidding activities. Prepared bid packages and technical bid evaluation of vendors and subcontractors
Discipline lead for company proposals (in two proposals). MEMBER OF WORKFACE PLANNING COMMITTEE 2009 - 2011
Construction Owner’s Association of Alberta (COAA) Represented the University of Calgary Department Civil Engineering, Project Management Specialization in COAA Workface Planning committee, involved in development and implementation of COAA WFP model in oil industry capital construction projects.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (continued…)
CIVIL STRUCTURAL CONSULTANT (Contract) 2005 - 2007 Abadan Petrochemical Company, Iran
Provided consulting services in civil/structural engineering affairs, for project manager in owner’s organization. STRUCTURAL SENIOR ENGINEER /LEAD ENGINEER 1998- 2007 SAZEH Consultants, Iran
Projects:
Arak Petrochemical Complex / HDPE Plant (Discipline Lead)
9th Olefin Complex / SM Production Plant (Discipline Lead)
Arvand PVC (Discipline Lead)
Interconnecting and Offsite Facilities for Marun Petrochemical Complex
Air Separation and Compressed Air Plant
Urea Granulation Unit
Third Methanol Plant of Bandar Imam Petrochemical Complex CREDENTIALS AND EDUCATION
Registered Member in Good Standing with APEGA
(Association of Professional Engineers and Geoscientists of Alberta) Doctor of Philosophy, Project Management Specialization University of Calgary, 2018
Master of Engineering, Project Management Specialization University of Calgary, 2006
Master of Science, Geotechnical Engineering
Amirkabir University of Technology, Tehran, Iran, 2002 Bachelor of Science, Civil Engineering
K.N.T University of Technology, Tehran, Iran, 1994 PUBLICATIONS AND OTHER ACADEMIA
Gholami, F., (2018). “A Framework for Enhancing Engineering Deliverables to Improve Construction Performance in Oil and Gas Projects” PhD. thesis. University of Calgary.
Taghi Zadeh, M., Ruwanpura, J.Y., Gholami, F. “Factors Affecting Subcontracting Strategies in Industrial Mega Projects “The International Journal of Cost Engineering (AACE)” 53, 6 (2011): 17- 30
Gholami, F., Ruwanpura, J.Y., Taghi Zadeh, M. ”Cost Impact of Constructability Analysis in Mega Projects” AACE International's 54th Annual Meeting - Atlanta, GA - June 27-30, 2010.
Sepehri, M., Kermanshah, A., Gholami, F., (2007) “Leading to Excellence – One Project at a Time” 21st IPMA Congress, Cracow, Poland, June 2007.
Gholami, F., Mortaheb,M.M., (2006)"Investigating the performance of internal controlling systems of constructions companies in construction development in Iran." First National Conference in Construction Development in Iran, ICIIran. 2006.
Gholami, F., (2006)."Constructability Analysis and its Impact on Construction Productivity in Tondgooyan Petrochemical Complex Project." M.Eng. Final Project. University of Calgary / Sharif University of Technology.
Gholami, F., (2002)."Investigating the Interaction of Piping and Hydraulic Fracture in Earth Dam Foundations" M.Sc. thesis. Amirkabir University of Technology -Iran. PUBLICATIONS AND OTHER ACADEMIA (continued …)
University of Calgary
Instructor – “Introduction to Project Management”
Southern Alberta Institute of Technology (SAIT)
Instructor – “Value Engineering”
Instructor – “Total Building Performance”
Instructor – “Project Estimating”
Contact this candidate