* * * * *
OBJECTIVE: PROFILE:
DIANA ROSE BAUTISTA -
DATINGUINOO
PROJECT MONITORING MANAGER
I aim to look for an office that would trust
female civil engineers’ capabilities and to
place more importance on women
engineers' career development in
engineering field as well as a company
that is committed to employee’s personal
development thru focused job training
programs available throughout on
individual’s career.
A graduate of Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering and have also earned my Professional Civil Engineering License. With
+20years of work experience in various field of engineering:
+12 years actively taking roles as Project Monitoring Engineer here in UAE in Sharjah and Fujairah Emirates and +8 years in the Philippines as Site/Office for projects ranging from G+1 to G+15Residential & Commercial Buildings, Villas and Shops in Fujairah and Sharjah.
PERSONAL INFORMATION: SUMMARY OF WORK EXPERIENCE:
Date of Birth: November 25, 1980
Gender: Female
Nationality: Filipino
Status: Married
Religion: Christian Catholic
Language: English, Filipino, Arabic
CONTACT:
PHONE: 0977 – 695 - 3004
0977 – 695 - 3008
ADDRESS: Altierra Residence Abucay, Bataan
• 2019 - 2023 Contexture Engineering
Consultants - Fujairah, UAE
• 2015 – 2019 Darona Engineering Consultants - Sharjah, UAE
• 2011 – 2015 International Design Consultants/Only Builds Construction - Fujairah, UAE
• 2008 – 2010 EM Danan Trading & Construction –
Quezon City, Philippines
• 2008 – 2010 World Citi Colleges - Caloocan City, Philippines
• 2006 – 2008 IHI Philippines -Ortigas, Pasig City, Philippines
• 2003 – 2006 EM Danan Trading & Construction
– Quezon City, Philippines
EDUCATION / LICENSE:
• 2021- PRESENT Master of Science in Civil Engineering Major in Structural Engineering
• 2002 Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering
• 2003 Registered Professional Civil Engineer (PRC License)
• 1999 Registered Civil Service Sub-professional
(Government License)
• 2002 Registered Civil Service Professional
(Government License)
TRAININGS AND CERTIFICATION:
• 2015 Site Engineer for Consultants - Sharjah
• 2011 Site Engineer for Consultants - Fujairah
• 2011 Society of Engineer Member – UAE
2 P a g e
REFERENCE:
Mohammad Qeshta – Managing Director
Contexture Engineering Consultants
Mobile: +971-**-***-****
Email: ad7cai@r.postjobfree.com
TRAININGS AND CERTIFICATION:
• • • • 200*-****-**** 2002 StaadPro2002 Autocad2002 Microsoft Xsteel(Tekla) Project2002 Grace Paulino – Administration Manager
Modern Engineering Consultants
Mobile: +971-**-***-****
Email: ad7cai@r.postjobfree.com
Bareddine KHLALFALLAH – General Manager
Darona Engineering
ConsultantsMobile: +971-50-
386-6311
Email: ad7cai@r.postjobfree.com
Huda Al Salmy – General Manager
International Design Consultants
&Only Builds Construction
Mobile: +971-**-***-****
Email: ad7cai@r.postjobfree.com
Eleazar M. Danan – General Manager
EM Danan Trading & Construction
Mobile: +63-995-***-****
Email: ad7cai@r.postjobfree.com
SKILLS:
Series 1
Engineering Software and IT Skills
Liason govtclearancesand Engineer (project visa… staff Project Material Procurement
Project staff recordkeeping operation, scheduling & Team controland Leadership
Project Quality Management
Project Estimation /BOQ
Project Management & Control
80%
95% 95% 95% 95% 95% 95% 95%
DETAILS OF WORK EXPERIENCE (UNITED ARAB EMIRATES)
PROJECT MONITORING MANAGER
November 1, 2019 to July 7, 2023
CONTEXTURE ENGINEERINGCONSULTANTS
Telephone Address: Abdullah UAE NB Street No. +Flower 971-(behind 9-223-Building ADNOC) 1531 Hamad Fujairah, Bin Accomplishment:
• G+Building Al 15 Sheria, Residential/New Sakamkam Commercial Fujairah3 Al Aqah, Fujairah
Building Alhayle, Fujairah
Mahatta, Fujairah
Duties & Responsibilities:
• • • • • • • • • Responsible Project Manage Plan Chair Act Ensures Reports Assess needs concept developments absence monitor technical without affecting external Contractors. contractors. evolves. as Technical and Project and Management directly stage that others’ companies. of affecting a the project issues, translate them. point clients’ facilitate involvement Risk. through for of to time Solutions Manage find the the the of timelines them overall needs to Work Managing to overall contact unique project. keep meetings completion. into my After are from with projects planning time met designs. completion and ways Director between Act assessing other clients as with effectively, as oversee on the to departments From to schedule. Owner of resolve project Clients clients projects assess deadline the projects, but all in initial them their and and also the the for or or 3 P a g e
• • • • 10 Mercedes Fujairah 3 Fujairah, Building Fujairah 2 – – B+- Villa G+G+1 4 G+Shops Mohd Residential/UAE Showroom 1+Compoundwall Alhayle, Bin Zayed Commerial Thouban, Fujairah City.
• • • • • • • • • • • • establishing reviews, project handover Create documentation, Create goal Act Plays proposals, team, presenting prerequisites completed Arrange, facilitate Manage client doubts/Maintain team. Build assist materials/complies internal Create documentation, Create goal Prepares (Assess quotations, for Assign a Contact the visa Price scheduled approval General as and and and documents, List, client tracking, PRO a a to a new elements directly discrepancies Government project company all project objective. objective. the organize, purchase in and significant and and and to infographics with complex from and Call and of Manager tender suppliers client. of final bid presentations, project time overall the preparation ensure compliant higher of proposals, and management suppliers evaluating plans plans management and process maintain customer from maintain prepare contracts) office standards. all and clarifications bids table licenses standard and log role managing and all required and and criteria, management. the and take the for as as for Accounts to and deliverables as subcontractors’ initial and and reports. reports. tender in initial per processing requirements approval all required. proper needed, part follow executive comprehensive calendar comprehensive calendar clients make the raise preparescomparison materials of schedule. supply/the and progress project and inquiry on department. development queries documentation queries LPO of other up tender implementation coordinate responses. ensuring for ensuring for of required the materials summaries, award with of with for other fulfillingeach of qualifications, fulfilling office. the of and to meetings approvalof works responses. the clarify marketing the projecton to staffs project project formats flowing Review at project client’s project tender of tender offers sheet each site. and and any are bid to of 4 P a g e
Duties & Responsibilities:
• • • • • • • • • • Work • • • • include provide improved. fulfill strict Incredible completed with manufacturersto understand accurate progress organizing purchasing Engineering place solutions documents any project’s research specifications report. Overseeing thatthey agreedspecifications, and surveyors thesite policies their initialconcept developments timeeffectively, projects skills. Reports Project Manage Act Build Organize Prepare Managing Checking Supervising Liaising Providing Preparing Ensuring fact-other as deadlinesand needs and these with clients, Have Relationships and ideas,Owner finding are attending updates solutions, directly Management to inception, on to identifyareas with and Documentation Strong project technical that Project organization site to and technical building and duties. issues the various legislation professional followed their strong obtain consultants schedule. parts the for and stage or the contractors. of reports reports architects, in health translate but clients, survey logistics to create the a correct along communication overall identify as the requirements project Logistics With often timelines the as technical also supply through meetings work and project designs people project. advice budgets they of correctly with and well absence and General are Work theway. that that data a With contractors, monitor Organization on ensures deadline concept them project good a analyze arise. staff, that of filling adhered processes Responsible safety as several Clients and Ensuring detail can local to and Involves data they within writing construction and/with the chain Good and to into to Manager is completion. rapport of solving be in especially others’ drawings written manager provide skills fully that have planning. their and them. and or discuss other the project, designs. authorities, projects improved to. clients Attend oversee Communication projects, abilities. timescales that subcontractors managing skills. project sustainability management. every to acquired, processes are with assessments, and problems time for paperwork Manage in need them detail to to a meetings From progress, a at such quantity Conduct creating Work project. them provide must all concise to ensure or task a assess which meet to keep time. with find and and the the the the my on as be in to to to is October 3, 2015 to October 22, 2019
Telephone 8417Address: Khalid Mohammed Khaledya Bin Khorfakkan No. Al Qasimi 26/+971-1 Sheikh 9-Street Sharjah-238- Ground UAE floor Al Accomplishment:
50 to Khorfakkan, Ground Ground +Mosque Sharjah 2 Basement Shopsranging Villas only Musalla, Khorfakkan, Sharjah + to Ground Basement from Khorfakkan Sharjah Ground + 2 + Shops only 5 P a g e
concrete before before structure Plan disrupted • • • • Prepareprogress Attends Check Ensure and turnover Municipality execute casting. the is works. that to completed site site a to work project owners reports during for Inspection schedules on structural time runs and Municipality site and smoothly and surveyreport checking/project provide inspection and completion solutionsto that weekly. and the PROJECT MONITORING ENGINEER /
DESIGN ENGINEER / PROCUREMENT
ENGINEER
January 10, 2011 to September 31, 2015
INTERNATIONAL ENGINEERING CONSULTANTS
& ONLY BUILDS
CONSTRUCTION (same owner)
Telephone Address: UAE P.O. No. Box +971-****-*-***-Murbah 1444 Fujairah, Accomplishment:
• • • • • • • • Building Fujairah, Building 150 Ground +10 Ground Madha, 100 to Fujairah, 10 to Mosque Mosque B+B+2 G+G+Basement Ground Shops Residential Villas Residential Shopsranging 12 9 Residential.Residential/Oman only Qidfa, only Madha, Hamad Fujairah, Faseel ranging UAE UAE + to 2 + to Fujairah Villas Shops Basement Ground Villas Fujairah, Ground Oman Bin Commericial from UAE from Commercial ranging Abdullah ranging Madha, Ground + Ground +2 UAE + 2 Shops Ground Villas from from Oman Road only only Duties Interact Permit, Municipality • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • Reports Execute Handle Provide Definemaintenance Prepare Prepare Submit Online Plan, projects. assigned statement projects. Collaborate analysis Execute frameworks. Provide and Have skills. Be and (knowledge. computer drawings, using Process Civil approval Coordinate requirements. Check Municipality turnover Ensure structure Plan to AUTOCAD, disrupted able training and Defense, & strong proficient computers. design the Project submission with and Responsibilities: that request to of risk- the directly architectural, progress risk studies. civil execute projects. to Oversee is site software, and work approval of manage work owners. Having completed a with with SAP, interpersonal civil management guidance. works. based work. Inspection project engineering Etisalat, for making and Completion of effectively to ETABS senior work as reports structural in engineers/owner/Involve Municipality the of design technical asset inspect of risk field knowledge knows runs request engineering structural drawings General FEWA, modifications, schedules on consultants master and engineer and management and contractors in time processes smoothly related and and in thru how checking/the the architects assessments. SAFE)a site project and of Manager fast-project plans. of Inspection, construction to NOC/groundwork to and online and construction survey other consultant. different Fujairah technical read computer . paced With to and services and has completion provide Drawings completion for services. execute management for to departments technical that reports. construction an Computer the environment, Fujairah different Municipality, Building types aptitude assistance drawings the and software aspects solutions work/risk work to review before before of site for for of of 6 P a g e
services others) design the each before decide support financial practical. different project. complete are legal delays, drive knowledge control, project ensure facilitate construction Responsible and outcomes. datelogs, surveys construction and process.the weekly construction updates clients, assess techniques to according investigation, orders/the orders • • • • • • • Develop Oversee Manage Draft Communicate Prepare Ensure their construction structural, followed. efficient spot project. obligations projects misunderstandings they stage according all how and quality inquiries support Technical consultants schedules. If department and meetings cost Expected with estimates, routine projections discussions ongoing engineering necessary, projects technical Construction that for Engineering company are to to Construction other the of to engineers. respond Carefully contractors design,processing to Keep accounting, project. a different work construction electrical, construction eliminate implemented. project. all the going. completion. and the tests to is with Support company’s contractors with Constantly to operations. change and the construction sufficiently to an (costing is problems owners. contract secure FEWA, to to and established documentation to inspect be suggest processes done Team established up-With owners. Plans Provide Send questions ensure insure software Processes all and disagreements and Documents of create subject-and to-orders, Projects about projects. and Civil more documentation, on parties projects, Furthermore, date the weekly Plan Manage terms consultant’s all mechanical Leadership refer and quotation different informative management that in they time. presentation. Analyzes Defense workers, drawings solutions necessary work. vendor matter in materials personnel is from understanding procedures. the subcontractors procedures expected Overseeing all to to Carefully bring project are involved Keeping a the When the legal such received schedules prevent construction key consultants, cost-in and Processing accurate forms, planning experts condition construction and Facilitate engineer. response and regularly a between the regulations to needed, identify to as specific reports role flows saving of up-status project’s evaluate allow work designs actively keep in field project cost all and the for for to- of to of a and and and will and the all of 7 P a g e
• • • • • • • • • • To To To To Coordinate Provide Prepare Oversee Identify Manage correspondence production manufacturing control/installation personnel. items To enable manner. on installation possible. and payment directly does chargeable working lifecycle and processes. and estimates quantity maintain coordinate maintain an projects requirement to designs process appraisal manager construction required all all ensure construction attend effective liaise program the source the the prepare not maintain update relevant installation final attributable installation and incur factory technical physical and with and of all prepare site and quality of of compliance all and survey prequote/compliance reports and costs and Source all down work with work projects the drawings the contracts to with resolve control. and schedule. drawings/unnecessary ensure the as full procure provide as projects to change procure and personnel. procedures construction be and engineering for layout perform the client per with schedule. load project time/drawings/support scheduled, an to and to to and workers program. preinstalled update all completed purchase contract all turn the be to be all before to and requirement effective To to materials subject orders procure regarding projects help and additional the an details for technical carried accurate customer. submitted all ensure materials loss regular over manager to purchase efficient prepare To all necessary prepare regulations and all details of Seek implementation. all and processes of in process construction for orders. prepare and matter and all out contribution logs surveys/and different a prepare management that schedule as to for deliveries tests issues cost-To vendors client’s works instructions bought administer in prepare project in maintain to thereby cost prepare orders to and all full all ensure and a the site for effective compliance and on expertise the full safe resources project administer and in in progress. meetings. which agreement document and the effectively software document out/equipment and and and construction construction schedule. construction construction projects monitor the and and due ofmaterials an evaluate production reports records procedure allow processes nonstock company effective accurate accurate perform controls manner. efficient is to prepare efficient prepare for as arrive non- with and and and per the the the on for all all all as of to 8 P a g e
SITE ENGINEER / OFFICE DETAILS OF WORK EXPERIENCE (PHILIPPINES) ENGINEER/BILLING & PROCUREMENT
ENGINEER
February 1, 2008 to November 15, 2010
EM DANAN TRADING & CONSTRUCTION
Maynilad Water Services INC. And Manila
Water Telephone Address: Victoneta Philippines Company Victoria Avenue, No. +Inc. 63-Araneta Potrero 45-Accredited 961-Malabon, Properties 7619 Contractor Manila Accomplishment:
• • • • • Service Capital Service Marikina Laying Philippines Service Cainta, Malabon Capital Laying Philippines Work Work pipe pipe Rizal projects projects pipe City City replacement replacement Projects replacement Philippines Projects Philippines Philippines Quezon Navotas – New – projects projects New City, City, Pipe projects Pipe Duties & Responsibilities:
• • • • • • Conducts materials MWSI In engineer capital Do pipe project. The site Do coordination managers. Attends training's progress charge the the when one replacement and work purchasing billing billing for in in and given with safety inventory, MWC charge acceleration charge project. do with of and the by officer projects. the service and MWSI of of weekly with MWSI accomplishment purchasing required the utilization is leak pipereplacement the of not safety accomplishment and projects repair safety at materials MWCI of site. and and materials and and and cleanliness report maintenance Inspectors projects supervisionfor capital and seminars report needed of materials service and works of and and and the site for of PART TIME GROUND INSTRUCTOR
June 1, 2008 to November 15, 2010
WORLD CITI COLLEGES
Aeronautics Telephone Address: Caloocan, 461 1406 No. and William +Metro Aviation 63-2-Shaw 8363-ManilaPhilippines Department Street 6749 Grace Park Accomplishment:
• Part maintenance time professor engineering for students aircraft Duties & Responsibilities:
• Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Handles technology listed AMT123 Physics AMT115 Math1 Math2 below: - - and Aviation 1 College - - _ Engineering Mechanical College (educates engineering) Algebra Mathematics Physics students and Drawing and Blueprint students Plane of 1 Aircraft Trigonometry Reading for maintenance the class subjects DESIGN ENGINEER
November 3, 2006 to January 19, 2008
IHI PHILIPPINES INC.
Telephone Address: Stock Ortigas Exchange Pasig Unit No. City 1104 +63-Center Philippines. West 2-8631-Exchange Tower 0986 Philippines Road, Duties & Responsibilities:
• • • • Prepare software The designs Assume design Make one 3d of to delegated delegated and models andAutoCAD. job PDF coordinate site files of forconstruction the to jobs using convert project from all adobe project using all construction or detailed if primo designs Xsteel ever needed. PDF drawings software using division, software. Xsteel and 9 P a g e
Accomplishment:
• • • • • Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Major New GP2Z Plant(group) New Civil Bluewater Dumper ((Structuralgroup) Civilgroup) Circular Unburnt Deck Clinker Kiln and Bimson projects) Bimson Structural -Models: other PIPERACK Walkway for Standard Silo Limestone Preheater Cooling Silo small Station Cement group) (Structural items/Fan ((Storage Facilities Structural Drawing 2 models group) &
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • The bolt summary The per parts. result and Model software. The drawings using output. The block using Model using The drawings handrails, software. The drawings Assist/fabrication braces, using Assist/erection software. Assist/block list The projects The summary then Assist/fabrication braces, using Assist/block & standard AutoCAD and • material Assist/one and checking one one organize list, assembly one one one one one convert list, list, AutoCAD. xsteel x xsteel bolt If the the Xsteel Help Help Help Help Help some in steelsoftware. material and and the who in using in bolt sheet in in in Help and of of charge in block list cyclone drawings one of list, charge stairs, drawings summary drawings charge drawings charge charge charge project 3rd software. software. somemodels as the the the the the handrails, handrails, charge extract it it minor finalization beams, block software summary AutoCAD who the if material using well to bolt stage summarysheet one one one one one of required excel and for for one in making as for imports of of bolt wants list, and pipe xsteel sheet of in in in in in the of the of and material its horizontal of of making making girders in files. making stairs, stairs, charge charge charge charge list list, charge software. beams, making bolt then organize preheater block list, charge erection beams, some using reports 4th racks dumper the usingexcel. by software. the & bolt Xsteel summary material material stage output convert bolt the assemblies and and the the reports, take xsteel of of of of the using of horizontal of summary models the for horizontal using drawings and all making making making making making making list, outputs detailed project detailed project girders girders basic cyclone off, assemblies the detailed detailed xsteel to software. block list, vertical summary list it block xsteel be block GP2Z drawings using list, to using the the the the the using and material the to even in finalization & assemblies software. assemblies assemblies fabrication list fabrication & list, drawings AutoCAD AutoCAD AutoCAD software material material list, erection detailed reports, detailed detailed detailed reports, vertical vertical and project braces, x xsteel xsteel single sheet using block steel and bolt for list 10 P a g e
SITE ENGINEER / OFFICE
ENGINEER/BILLING & PROCUREMENT
ENGINEER
July 15, 2003 to October 18, 2006
EM DANAN TRADING & CONSTRUCTION
Maynilad Water Services INC. And Manila
Water Telephone Address: Victoneta Philippines Company Victoria Avenue, No. +Inc. 63-Araneta Potrero 45-Accredited 961-Malabon, Properties 7619 Contractor Manila Accomplishment:
• • • • • Service Antipolo Service Balara Capital Laying Philippines Service Valenzuela Capital Laying Philippines Quezon Work Work projects pipe pipe projects pipe and replacement replacement City Taytay, replacement Projects Projects City Manila Caloocan Philippines Rizal Philippines – – projects projects New New City, Philippines projects City, Pipe Pipe Duties & Responsibilities:
• • • • • • Conducts materials MWSI In engineer capital Do pipe project. The site Do coordination managers. Attends training's progress charge the the when one replacement and work purchasing billing billing for in in and givenby with safety inventory, MWC charge acceleration charge project. do with of and the officer projects. the service MWSI and of weekly of with MWSI accomplishment purchasing required the utilization is leak pipereplacement the of not safety accomplishment and projects repair safety at materials MWCI of site. and and materials and and and cleanliness report maintenance Inspectors projects supervisionfor capital and seminars report needed of materials service and works of and and and the site for of
Contact this candidate