Page * *
Hadjer Sadoukri
HADJER SADOUKRI
SENIOR ESTIMATION MANAGER
Fifth settlement New Cairo, Egypt
+201*********
ad7j72@r.postjobfree.com
Bachelor's Degree in Civil Engineering 2002-2006
PROFILE
Strong estimation experience in developing cost-estimating strategies and fostering, strong relationships with stakeholders to meet client expectations, using effective communication, and negotiating both internally and externally with clients. Competence to develop construction cost appraisals, cost plans, and cost reports, and assume ownership of these till project completion.
Guaranteeing all operations are carried out to minimize costs, maximize value, minimize future liabilities, and maintain the required level of quality and safety. Conducting quantity surveying activities and managing commercial aspects of the projects. KEY EXPERIENCE
Cost management, cost estimation,
and cost planning.
Commercial management of the contract.
Value Engineering
Hospitality, Palaces, Residential, Fit out,
Infrastructure, Heavy Industry, Power Plants
Projects
EXPERIENCE
10/2020 - Current Senior Estimation Manager
Hassan Allam Holding – Egypt /KSA Projects -
Examine, analyze, and assess tender documents from a technical point of view to identify risk issues, ensuring that technical terms are consistent with the relevant standards for overall risk assessment and bid decisions.
Review and finalize project cost estimates as prepared by the Estimation Engineers in terms of the required material as per bill of quantities, amount of work, material/ equipment/ and manpower requirements during the tendering phase.
Collaborate with the procurement department to negotiate with approved vendors/suppliers and subcontractors for various supplies/materials as per project (pre/post tender).
Provide all relevant project clarifications/information to the Project Manager following project award in accordance with the project budget, educate the Project Manager on contractual rights and remedies that were considered during tendering.
Generate weekly tender status reports that illustrate progress on the relevant tenders.
Prepare and generate monthly progress reports that highlight tender wins and losses (with reasons) for management review and verification. Page 2 5
Hadjer Sadoukri
Advise in determining types of projects to bid, strategies, techniques.
Assign estimating work, coach, mentor, and provide technical support to the estimating team.
Coordinate with estimating & planning engineers to resolve design/system conflicts as well as coordinate the full scope of work during the proposal phase.
Evaluate subcontractor and vendor proposals.
Participate in pre-bid meetings and corporate/client presentation meetings as required.
Ensure historical data is documented and archived on each quoted project.
Maintain databases of standard material costs and various market pricing models.
Manage and monitor the performance of direct reports and guides as and when required.
11/2020 - 12/2023 Estimation Manager
Hassan Allam Holding - Egypt /KSA project
Contribute to developing and implementing cost-estimating strategies, policies, and procedures to enhance operational performance
Conducts initial analysis of drawings and specifications to ensure required documentation is present and determine the scope of work Determining the total cost of materials, equipment, utilities, and labor for construction projects
Determining the total cost of materials, equipment, utilities, and labor for construction projects AND Developing unit costs accurately
Preparing estimates for planning, organizing, and scheduling project work
Develop full-scope estimates based on Procurement & Construction or Engineering, Procurement & Construction documents
Manage and maintain Contractor & Subcontractor database and subcontractor prequalification
Builds effective relationships with customers, design team, Contractors, subcontractors, suppliers, and user groups that reflect and support company core values and meet or exceed the customer's expectations
Keeping up with the most recent estimation technologies and industry-specific methodologies
Developed and maintained relationships with customers and suppliers through account development
Maintained a professional, organized, and safe environment for employees and patrons
Managed budgets effectively, ensuring optimal financial performance while investing in necessary resources for business growth
Planned and budgeted accurately to provide business with resources needed to operate smoothly
Accomplished multiple tasks within established timeframes
Managed and motivated employees to be productive and engaged in work. 10/2019 - 09/2020 Section Head Estimator
Vinci-construction-project - Egypt -
Page 3 5
Hadjer Sadoukri
Determining the total cost of materials, equipment, utilities, and labor for construction projects, and Developing unit costs accurately.
Effectively analyses and plans takeoff workload.
Establish detailed quantity take off specific deals as necessary
Collects and compares actual and expected costs, establishing a project cost history.
Manage and supervise the database of contractors and subcontractors, as well as their prequalification.
Participates in pre-bid meetings, site visits, and post-bid interviews as required.
Regularly reporting to management while keeping clients updated on the project status.
Ensuring that relevant documents and budgets are submitted before a bid deadline.
Keeping track of the latest estimating technology and industry-related techniques.
12/2017 - 09/2019 Section Head Estimator
Hassan Allam Holding
Review the tender documents to evaluate the scope of the project and provide recommendations to the direct manager accordingly.
Read the contract's conditions carefully to consider them when preparing the tender.
Assign tasks among the team members and Keep track of their performance.
Determining the total cost of materials, equipment, utilities, and labor for construction projects, and Developing unit costs accurately.
Collects and compares actual and expected costs, establishing a project cost history.
Manage and maintain Contractor & Subcontractor database and subcontractor prequalification
Coordinate contracting with the Contract Department to satisfy client and organizational requirements.
Lead, supervise, and coach the tendering team and give them the needed support when needed.
Keeping track of the latest estimating technology and industry-related techniques
12/2014 - 11/2017 Senior Civil Estimator
Hassan Allam Holding - Egypt
Undertake estimates by Company procedures
Determining the total cost of materials, equipment, utilities, and labor for construction projects.
Conducts initial analysis of drawings and specifications to ensure required documentation is present and determine the scope of work.
Identify opportunities and risks during the tender process
Investigating construction documents and analyzing specifications.
Provide detailed quantity take-off-specific trades when required.
Solicits and analyses pricing input from subcontractors and vendors as needed. Page 4 5
Hadjer Sadoukri
Develop full-scope estimates based on Procurement & Construction or Engineering, Procurement and construction documents.
Keeping track of the latest estimating technology and industry-related techniques.
02/2009 - 11/2014 Senior Civil Estimator
Orascom Construction Industries (OCI) - Egypt
Developed value analysis study by defining cost-effective alternatives to the proposed scope
Received drawings and specifications, organized proper file structure, and distributed paperwork for civil projects
Supported constructability reviews through communication with the project team, designers, and subcontractor market
Prepared detailed estimates by completing quantity take-offs, analysis, estimate
input, and studies for items incorporated in the assigned scope
Evaluated subcontractor bids to obtain the best value for projects
Negotiated contracts with suppliers and vendors, securing the best pricing for materials, labor, and equipment
Gathered data on materials, labor, and equipment costs to determine the total costs of projects.
10/2006 - 01/2009 Structure Civil Engineer
The National Electricity and Gas SONELGAZ - Algeria
Design structures
Create structural models by using computer-aided design software
Measure loads and pressures caused by environmental or human influence
Follow construction safety guidelines
Choose appropriate materials based on structural specifications
Monitor on-site construction processes and supervise construction workers
Prepare and allocate budgets
Track and report on project progress
Collaborate with contractors and project managers. FORMATION
09/2002 - 08/2006 Bachelor's Degree in Civil Engineering BBA, SAAD DAHLEB University - Algeria
06/2023 - 08/2023 PRMG-080: Project Bids and Contracts The American University in Cairo - Egypt
10/2020 - 11/2023 Master of Business Administration: Project Management Arab Academy for Science, Technology & Maritime AASTMT - Egypt 02/2012 - 05/2012 PRMG-090 Certified Coat Consultant / Certified Cost Engineer (CCC/CCE) The American University in Cairo - Egypt –
03/2024 - 05/2024 PMP Certificate of Attendance
SOFTWARE
Page 5 5
Hadjer Sadoukri
Candy CCS Estimation - Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint – AutoCAD
Contact this candidate