John Stylianides
**** ***** ****** **** **** **
Colton, CA 92324
909-***-****, ad7rt4@r.postjobfree.com

EDUCATION
Bachelors of Science Degree in Mechanical Engineering from UCLA, GPA: 3.2 - 1986

EXPERIENCE

GGI International January 2022 – current
Distribution of Amazon Network

Branch Manager
Responsible and manage the start- 190,000 square foot Warehouse for the redistribution of packaging materials, and home good items for the Amazon distribution network. Oversee all the inbound and outbound shipments, laying out and checking all orders, and all the paperwork attributed to those shipments. Implemented a training program (safety and procedures). Developed SOP’s to standardize the facility in all areas. Responsible for PNL. Manage all areas of personnel which includes interviewing, hiring, training, developing of personnel, and disciplinary action. Accountable for all inventory, facility security, facility cleanliness, facility upkeep, and all material handling equipment (including fork-lifts, turrets, reach fork-lifts, daily safety checks, and PM program). Manage FBA and channel shipping also


Reduced workforce from 50+ people to 34 people.
Eliminated Overtime
Increased output 20% to by using time studies and redoing layout
Implemented ASN for all truck orders.
Developed KPI’s
Implemented 5S program
Implemented daily cycle counts
Reduced our empty pallet cost by 15%

SWS Redistribution- Redlands, CA August 2015 – January 2022
Redistribution for Subway Non- Perishable Items

Branch Manager
Responsible and manage the start- up of an 80,000 square foot Warehouse for the redistribution of packaging materials, perishable, and non-perishable items for the Subway distribution network (including Hawaii and Alaska). Oversee all the inbound and outbound shipments, laying out and checking all orders, and all the paperwork attributed to those shipments. Implemented a training program (safety and procedures). Developed SOP’s to standardize the facility in all areas. Manage all areas of personnel which includes interviewing, hiring, training, developing of personnel, and disciplinary action. Accountable for all inventory, Silikier requirements (daily, weekly, and monthly requirements), facility security, facility cleanliness, facility upkeep, and all material handling equipment (including fork-lifts, reach fork-lifts, daily safety checks, and PM program).


Improved efficiency by 23% by relaying out the facility of items.
Increased overall output 45% to by using time studies and redoing layout without increasing OT or headcount
First facility to use T5 lighting. Reduced overall electrical usage by 40%
Developed and Implemented Daily Procedures
Implemented 5S program
Implemented Daily Safety talks, weekly Safety Training,
Post KPI’S weekly so the employees know who they are doing and also reviewing all shipping errors on a weekly basis.
Implemented ASN for all truck orders.
Implemented daily cycle counts by all employees and have all
Highest Inventory accuracy for SWS inventory
Highest Sillikier audits scores for SWS

Victaulic – Redlands, CA December 2008-August 2015
World Wide leader in the Industrial Piping Industry.

Branch Manager
Responsible and managed a 80,000 square foot Warehouse for the distribution of packaging materials and importing of industrial throughout the United States and the World. Managed 10 hourly personnel which include Warehouse, Redistribution Center, purchasing, and customer service personnel. Included in those responsibilities is upkeep of the facility, fleet maintenance, transportation/logistics, inventory levels, GMPs, OSHA, Health Department, Environmental, and Fire Department regulations. Other responsibilities include all budgeting, hiring/firing/training of personnel, and the day to day operation for distribution/shipping of the Victaulic Company items, FEM (Facility Excellence Management certified Facility and currently working on the bronze criteria for end of 2015). Current Operating a AS400 WMS along with fork-lift computers and RF scanners. All inventory locations have barcodes.


Have reduced overall inventory by 18%.
Increased productivity by 14% by redoing layout of facility
Increased cost savings in raw materials to $1,000 per month
No accidents or incidents since December 2012
Increased overall output 28% to by using time studies and redoing layout without increasing OT or headcount
First facility to use T5 lighting. Reduced overall electrical usage by 40%
Developed and Implemented Daily Procedures
Implemented 5S program. Avg score 74/80 points. Highest in the company.
First facility to complete 2 company safety audits and scoring an average of 92 out 100.
Reduced fork-lift maintenance costs by $21,000/yr.
Negotiated very low trucking rates with DHE and Saia to help accommodate our overall costs to sales to be at 3% which is what budgeted.
Have had a favorable budget every year since 2009.
Increased storage capacity from 6,000 to over 9000 locations equating to 10,000 skid capacity.
Set up dedicated truck lanes to our Odessa, Jacksonville, Houston, and Kansas City and truck lanes to our Canada facilities 3 days a week. Saved the company annually $400,000 in freight costs.
Developed and implemented universal packaging for our sprinkler heads and sprinkler covers that allow the company to save $20,000 annually.
All raw materials and shipping supplies are on in internal Kanban replenishment system which allows the reduction of raw materials needed for the daily activities.
Negotiated a cost of $4.15 from our pallet supplier that is the least expensive pallet cost for the company by at least $1.75 thus allowing Redlands to become a distributor of pallets to the other branches,
Implemented Daily Safety talks, weekly Safety Training, Weekly Safety/Hazardous Inspection, 5S weekly inspections, and biweekly Procedure training.
First facility to implement wireless label printers attached to the forklifts to increase efficiencies while the employees are able to print their shipping labels onto each skid at Point of Use.
Implemented dock to stock when bringing inbound. Increasing our unloading productivity by 15%.
Post KPI’S weekly so the employees know who they are doing and also reviewing all shipping errors on a weekly basis.
Implemented ASN for all truck orders.
Implemented daily cycle counts by all employees and have all inventory counts completed by the November each year

Pick Up Stix - San Clemente, CA March 2006- December 2008
Widely recognized Chinese Restaurant Chain in California, Arizona, and Nevada.
Warehouse/Distribution-Fleet/Purchasing Manager
Responsible and manage a 50,000 square foot Warehouse for the processing, manufacturing, preparation, and distribution of packaging materials, produce, protein, and sauces to the Pick Up Stix Restaurants and Friday‘s Distribution Centers. Responsible for 23 hourly personnel including Warehouse, Distribution, Transportation/Logistics, purchasing, and customer service personnel. Included in those responsibilities is upkeep of the facility and fleet to maintain all food grade, GMP, OSHA, Health Department, USDA, CHP, and Silikier requirements, inventory control (min/max levels-daily cycle counts/month end), receiving, shipping, forecasting, and scheduling of all inbound and outbound trucking.

Computer literate with Windows, AS 400, SAP, WMS, Kronos, Crunchtime, Netchef, and Basis applications.
Responsible for budgeting and profit loss margins (PNL). Personnel (hiring, reviews, etc).
Responsible for safety training and certification of personnel from 8 a year down to 1 injury. No Lost Work Time.
Reduced inventory levels to a two week cycle or an average of 26 turns a year for over 350SKU’s. and JIT implementation.
Cost Saving Projects include reducing food cost for Arizona/Nevada areas by $4k per week for having produce being brought in house rather from the produce companies
Reduced Transportation Cost in 2007 by $207K by eliminating 3 day a week deliveries and $180K in 2008 by eliminating in house distribution and creating backhauls.
Increased Warehouse Productivity by 15% each year since 2006.
Reduced Fuel Cost/Transportation Cost (in house) by upgrading delivery schedules. Fuel use in 2007 dropped 1678 gallons from 2006.
Total Cost Saving projects in 2006 summed to $1.5 million. 2007 savings where at $1.1million. 2008 cost savings $980K.
Created, implemented and enforced SOP’s to ensure the perfect food, perfect service, clean homes, and enjoyable experience.
Order Accuracy improved from 2006 at 98.6% fulfillment to 99.92 in 2008 by ensuring all items are in house and the customer gets exactly what was ordered. Inventory Waste reduced from 2006 over $60K to 33K in 2007.
Develop reports to monitor order fulfillment, productivity, cost/case, labor tracking, on time delivery rates, and Out of Stock Rates.
Negotiated Rate Reductions with transportation carriers and vendors on high volume items.
Reduced labor cost by 25% with elimination of overtime.

Coca Cola Enterprises – Orange, CA October 2003- January2006
Most widely recognized producer and distributor of beverage soft drinks in the world.
Warehouse/Operations Manager
Managed a 250,000 square foot sales distribution center that covers North and South Orange County. Responsible for 40 hourly warehouse personnel, 9 security/checking personnel, 2 inventory control clerk, and 3 warehouse supervisor personnel, for the facility’s upkeep, being in compliance with the regulatory bodies, additional forecasting for sales needs, and scheduling of incoming transportation trucks. Primary customers Ralphs, Vons, Stater Bros, Albertsons, Target, Walmart, Kmart, Rite-Aid, Costco, Savon, Home Depot, Subway, and many others.

Computer literate with Windows, AS 400, SAP, WMS, Kronos, and Basis applications.
Implemented inventory reconciliation that reduced shrink from $14,000 a month to an average of $1,000 per month. Responsible for cycle counts, maximum and minimum levels, daily reconciliation, daily, monthly, and yearly inventory counts, and resolution to inventory discrepancies.
Responsible for budgeting and profit loss margins (PNL) Responsible for hiring, interviewing, and disciplining of personnel. Responsible for mentoring supervisors and Warehouse personnel. Responsible for safety training and certification of personnel. Have reduced work injuries by 12% in 2004 and 29% in 2005. No lost work time injuries during those periods. Responsible for all Kronos/payroll applications.
Reduced truck turnaround time from 45 minutes to 15 minutes. Improving customer service dramatically. Distribute 1.2 million cases a month. Increase of 20% from previous year. Cost per case is reduce from 16 cents per month down to 14 cents per month.
Achieved goal of saving $250,000 for the year in 6 months. budget
Eliminated driver overtime by having trucks being checked out the night before as they are loaded. Reduced delivery driver waiting time by 45 minutes per driver. Implemented Advancement Shipment Notice (ASN) for Walmart orders.
Eliminated out of code product by enforcing FIFO, JIT, and doing 2 audits per week on aging.
Increased CPH by from 126 CPH to 141 CPH by balancing the work load.
Fill rate was 99.9% compared to 98.3%.

Wild Oats Family Markets – City of Commerce, CA August 2002 –July 2003
Up and coming leader in the produce industry of high- quality foods for the consumer.
Warehouse/DC Manager
Managed a 100,000 square foot refrigerated facility with 3 supervisors, 35 hourly warehouse personnel, and 6 buying management personnel. Ship out and receive 250 truckloads weekly of fresh produce, fruits, vegetables, flowers, and grocery items for consumer purchase at the Wild Oats and Henry’s Market chains through out the United States.

Implemented inventory reconciliation, cycle count program, product rotation, and product identification. Reduced inventory shrinkage from $4,000 a week to a $176.00 a week.
Developed/implemented Standard Operating Procedures (SOP’s) which included shipping, receiving, quality checks rejected product, cross docking, absenteeism, safety, and GNP’s. Reduced from 22% to a current level of 4%.
Improved space utilization by implementing JIT (just in time) and better utilization of warehouse space to be able to accommodate a higher level of inventory when needed and working closely with the Produce Buyers with scheduling of items.
Computer literate with Windows and Warehouse Management Systems.
Implemented Forklift Certification.
Implementation of a daily/weekly/monthly cleaning program, food grade expectations and emphasized at all times.
Responsible for all budgeting and PNL. Responsible for all the human resource activities including benefits, hiring/terminating, and training of personnel. Along with feedback and detailed appraisals
Made the Warehouse in compliance with all regulatory organizations including OSHA, Fire Department, SB198, NOP (National Organic Procedure), Health Department, and City regulations.

Golden State Foods – City of Industry, CA March 1999-July 2002
Leader in manufacturing and distribution of condiments for McDonalds, Churches, etc.
Warehouse/Operations/DC Manager
Managed 2 supervisors and 34 union hourly warehouse personnel in a 200,000 square foot warehouse to ship out 190 truckloads weekly of McDonald’s, Churches, and other products weekly to customers throughout the Western Region, China, Taiwan, Japan, New Zealand and Hawaii. Worked daily on the Production Floor (2-4 hrs) to make sure production has the support from a team environment.

Computer literate with AS400, SAP, and MRP, Delivery Optimization, and Microsoft applications.
Implemented inventory reconciliation which improved a $5,200 inventory shrink to a $100.00 variance per month of
finished goods and a $22,000 shrink on raw materials to a shrink of $2,200.
Implemented forklift certification and safety program (OSHA compliance). Lead monthly safety inspections
Purchase and establish contracts for equipment/materials/services.
Reduce labor overtime by staggering work schedules and reduce workforce. Overtime reduced to 3.8%.
Provided coaching, communication of expectations, monthly feedback, detailed appraisals, developing personnel to grow and be accountable, daily shift meetings, staff Pre-planning done daily and weekly, team building exercises, provided timely and consistent feedback/corrective actions/hiring.
Implemented JIT support to production. To improve organization and inventory.
Responsible for storage of all raw materials and finished goods. Includes room temperature, hazardous ingredients, freezer ingredients and finished goods, and refrigerated ingredients and finished goods.
Responsible for scheduling production of Apple Juice, Orange Juice, and syrup flavor runs.
Develop and implement SOP’s and Safety. Cross training of all personnel.
Responsible for PNL and Capital Expenditure projects.
Responsible for all receiving of raw materials (some finished goods) and all shipping of finished goods.
Reduce fleet by 4 forklifts and 6 scanning units. Savings of $6400.00 per month.
Increased Service to Sales from 98.7% to 99.9% with consistent and routine follow-up (fulfillment & on-time).
Developed Cycle Count program of finished goods and raw materials (99.9%accurate). Hourly personnel do counts.
Reduce Inventory from $2.2 Million a year to $1.8 Million a year in both finished goods and raw materials.
Increased production support from 2 hours of daily downtime to no downtime and added tug/trailer route.
Responsible for all Environmental, wastewater, and reporting to various agencies (OSHA etc).
Responsible for all security and facility janitorial requirements (facility upkeep highest priority).

MISSION FOODS – Los Angeles, CA August 1996 – March 1999
A leader in the manufacturing and distribution of flour and corn tortillas.
Warehouse/DC Manager
Managed 5 supervisors and 47 hourly warehouse personnel in 150,000 square foot facility to ship out 5 million pounds of Mission products weekly to customers throughout the Western Region by using Mclane, Schneider, MBM, and Mission foods trucking. Primary customers included Ralphs, Vons, Albertsons, Taco Bell, and Del Taco.


Implemented inventory reconciliation which improved inventory shrink from $2,200.00 variance to $187.00 variance per month.
Implemented the 5’S program, maintained ISO 9000, and implemented ISO 9001 & 9002. Became a ISO 9002 internal auditor.
Implemented forklift certification program and reduce our forklift monthly maintenance from $8160.00 to $3,642.00.
Reduced labor overtime by staggering labor starting hours. Overtime was reduced from 15.46% to 8.39%. Budget is 9.2%.
Implemented JIT ordering (3-day advance) to improve organization and inventory spoils from $4,534 per month to a $856 per month. Monthly budget is $1,385.
Earned a 955 A.I.B. score. Goal is 920 points. Sanitation Criteria. Superior Rating. Increased our Service to Sales from 98.7% to 99.9%.
Computer literate with AS400 and Microsoft applications. Responsible for budgeting and profit/loss margins being adhered to.
Responsible for the storage of all finished goods at room temperature, refrigerated, and blast freezing items.

NEUTROGENA-Subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson, Los Angeles, CA February 94 - July 96
A leading hair and skin-care with more than $300 million in annual sales.
Distribution Engineer/Warehouse/DC Supervisor
Managed 27 people and four warehouses ranging in sizes from 50,000 square feet up to 300,000 square feet to support shipping and
Manufacturing operations. Primary customers included Walmart and Target.

Implemented an Inventory Management Program that included computerization and auditing
Improved inventory accuracy from 94% of 99.9%.
Increased space utilization from 4,400 pallet locations to 6,400 pallet locations and the elimination of a leased warehouse. A significant savings in overhead and budgeting.
Reduced labor overtime by staggering labor starting hours. Overtime was eliminated during the week and only used on weekend, if needed.
Significantly reduced raw material inventory by implementing the following:
Kanban reordering system (Order when needed), went from 18 items to 78 items. Just in Time (JIT) delivery from vendor.
Vendor Certification. Certified vendors increased from 1 to 29. Implemented Sop’s and performed all training to personnel in warehousing.
Established a maintenance program for forklifts and fleet that reduced costs by 10%.

CALIFORNIA EAGLE CORPORATION - Orange, CA July 1993- February 1994
A company consulting and aiding other companies to be in environmental compliance.
Environmental Consultant
A liaison between a company and it’s reporting agencies to bring compliance in a timely manner.
Assisted Great Western Foam to be in compliance and setup Sop’s to maintain their compliance.
.
HILL’S PET PRODUCTS-Subsidiary of Colgate-Palmolive, Commerce, CA May 1990- July 1993
Leader of high nutrition, healthy Pet Food Industry. Science Diet and Prescription Diet brands.

Safety, Health, and Environmental Coordinator (SHE Coordinator)
Managed all safety, health, and environmental compliance pertaining to the requirements of the regulatory
Governing bodies. These bodies included EPA, OSHA, and AQMD. County, State, and City agencies.

Excellence in Safety Performance (ESP) that led to no lost work time accidents for a 20,000 hours.
Reduced AQMD permit requirements from 35 to 25 and saved $2,500 per year.
100% facility compliance in OSHA safety and forklift training.
Computerized Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS) sheets to be accessible at all times Reduced hazardous waste by eliminating or replacing certain solvents
Team Leader
Managed 2nd shift’s production, maintenance, and warehousing operation of 38 people.
Implemented TQM and GMP’s that significantly reduced our reject goods.
Initiated a Preventative Maintenance Program that increased our uptime by 10%.
Eliminated all overtime by staggering personnel to a seven-day workweek.
Project Engineer
Incorporated and oversaw all capital projects of the facility operations within the allotted budget and time frame, along with managing the facility’s upkeep.

Improved facility lighting and reduced electricity usage.
Established contractor guidelines for completion, safety, and cleanliness.
Replaced roofing and improved facility ventilation with a cost saving of $14,000.

PEPSI-COLA WEST - Torrance and Buena Park, CA July 1986 - May 1990
The manufacturer and distributor of soft drink beverages.
Quality Control Supervisor

Supervised 8 people and accountable for the water treatment, sanitation, syrup batching, raw material and finished good standards, and yield standards.
Syrup yields were maintained at 100% while syrup usage was reduced by 5%.
Plant received highest quality products award for 1990 by implementing SPC and SQC programs
Production Supervisor
Managed 22 people and various can lines and bottle lines to assure highest quality output.

Decreased changeover time from 25 minutes to 13 minutes.
Proposed and implemented the Generic Cap, which saved $22,000 in inventory and maintenance costs.

Project Supervisor
Interfaced with contractors and oversaw all installation, training, removal, and startup of a major

Automation of manufacturing has allowed a two-week period for shutdown.
Sold old equipment and allowed that money to be used for the training budget.
Implemented a recycling program of glass, corrugated, and cans that reduced trash disposal costs.

Warehouse/DC Supervisor
Managed 15 people who supported all shipping, sales, production, and satellite warehouse needs.

Increased warehouse productivity by having fast moving items more accessible.
Enforced First-In, First-Out (FIFO) at all times.
Automated Security was implemented at recognizable savings.
Responsible for shipping, receiving, and vending trucks.
Responsible for inventory and rotation.
Assist responsibility in scheduling of trucks
Responsible for facility cleanliness
Responsible for working with sales for last minute orders.
Responsible for workforce scheduling and manpower.
Responsible for upkeep of warehouse equipment.
Contact this candidate