Vikas Mehrunkar
Clifton VA, ***** 703-***-**** ad7re5@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/vikas-mehrunkar

ENGINEERING MANAGER
Seasoned Engineering Manager with over 15 years of solid experience in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle with experience in Manufacturing, Finance, HR, Federal, Mortgage, Telecommunications, and Insurance industry domains. Diversified skill set including Unix, ETL, Data Analysis using SQL with Oracle and other relational databases, production support, QA testing, Cloud database management and technical project management. Excellent interpersonal communication skills plus client and team focused work ethics.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Data Warehousing & BI: Informatica PowerCenter Ab-Initio Hyperion-Essbase
Reporting Tools: Business Objects
Databases: Oracle 19C Sybase Teradata.
Programming: SQL UNIX Shell Scripting PL/SQL SQL*Plus Pro*C Guide Wire
Environment: UNIX Windows
Other tools: MS Project JIRA Confluence Toad Microsoft Visio/Excel Rational - ClearQuest Mercury - Quality Center.
Certifications: Certified Scrum Master.

EXPERIENCE
GEICO Inc., Chevy Chase, MD
Engineering Manager October 2017 – December 2023
Managed work of 5 IT Engineers, 3 Senior DBAs and 2 Business Analysts in support of company’s critical and 70TB large Oracle OLTP database for the Cloud hosted 24x7 Claims web-based application.
Successfully met the 99.99% database availability goal that was set for the team every single year.
Ensured that the team actively participated in three migrations of the Guide Wire Claims application software in collaboration with multiple development teams, Dev Ops, System Architects, Load Testing, and Cloud vendor DBA teams.
Guided the team in meeting, with a 100% success rate, its critical responsibility of ensuring that the data model changes for every three-week application release were of the highest quality in terms of data dictionary standards and will not cause any adverse database performance issues when application changes go live.
As custodians of Production data, the team was entrusted with conducting critical data fixes requested by the business stakeholders, providing support to the critical downstream system users, and providing data for the SOX and external audits.
Introduced Kanban methodology to better manage the variety of work and implemented cross training schedule which ensured that the team members stopped working in silos and were able to back each other up with the individual dependencies eliminated.
Actively managed the work schedule of the team so that the team members could undergo internal and external training courses to upgrade their technical skills and be ready for new technology implementations.
Managed work of the Cloud vendor’s DBA team by providing oversight and acting as SMEs for them to ensure they meet the SLA of 99.99% uptime and keep the database up to date with critical patches, optimal space utilization, and timely backups.
Successfully guided the two seasoned data analysts for building the business and operational metrics for company’s two adjustor and customer focused Claims applications, for critical bi-weekly trends analysis.

COE Inc., Rockville, MD
IT Lead February 2009 – September 2017
Achieved 100% success rate meeting OPM’s data loading SLA (Service Level Agreement), by proactively and efficiently managing the complex bi-weekly production data loading activities for the agency’s 6TB large Oracle database. Engaged the infrastructure teams in resolution of technical process breaks and interfaced with the shared service centers for data issues like missing, late arriving, or bad agency data.
Resolved high visibility data quality issues by managing data research and analysis activities of the business analysts and pro-actively training and mentoring them. Helped the analysts develop complex data crunching SQL queries to replicate users’ data issues engaged the ETL and database development teams to implement modifications to existing database and ETL code or implement new code artifacts for improved application functionality.
Successfully alleviated client’s concerns about quality of testing by mentoring and guiding the business analysts and developers through the end-to-end testing steps, development of better test plans, test data validation, and proper documentation of test results in JIRA.
Instrumental in quickly bringing the new team members up-to-speed with the technical and non-technical aspects of the project by walking them through the project architecture and data flows vis-à-vis the client environment.
Ensured there was no down time for new team members by proactively engaging OPM’s infrastructure teams in securing the new members’ accesses to the Dev, Test and Production environments.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
US Census Bureau
Operations Lead .

Fannie Mae
UAT Lead

Syntel Inc.
Programmer/ Systems Analyst

TATA Motors
Programmer/Systems Analyst.

EDUCATION
Masters in business administration (MBA)
Institute of Management Development & Research

Bachelor’s degree in advanced accounting and Auditing
Pune University
Contact this candidate