JEANNE M TURNER

Dedicated and results-driven PMP certified Project Manager with over a decade of successfully leading and delivering complex projects for primary clients in banking/financial institutions and global telecommunications conglomerates. Proficient in all Agile, Waterfall, SCRUM and SDLC methodologies, including project artifacts and Agile ceremonies. Demonstrated expertise in navigating detailed regulatory requirements to achieve project objectives within budget and schedule constraints. Adept at managing global cross-functional teams of internal, contract and vendor teams. Committed to driving operational excellence and delivering exceptional value to clients.
Professional Experience
Netsmart – Client: Metrocare Services Dallas TX
Technical Project Manager - October 2023 – July 2024
Service delivery manager for cross-functional engineering projects/programs for the building matrix of Metrocare Services including six pharmacies. Managed end to end network and systems engineering projects such as network configuration installations involving circuits, switches, UPS, PUDs and probes through testing to production. Supported One Team in Okta MFA onboarding. Managed new server builds, upgrades and data migrations of legacy systems.
Developed plan scope and execution of 30+ legacy servers to host, private or public cloud resources complying with regulatory standards. Managed the data migration of twelve 2008 servers to host servers or cold storage. Scheduled production with systems engineering team and client for thirty-six 2012 servers for upgrade to cloud or decommission.
Planned and scheduled quarterly employee laptop refreshes, facilitated Human Resources IT needs for career fairs and speaker series. Teamed with field services for new iPhone deployment with Verizon. Updated firmware on VOIP.
Held daily standups with engineers for work status. Maintained ITSM dashboard of projects & tasks with metric evaluation. Created and published monthly and quarterly executive reports for WIP, completed and upcoming projects.
Liaison with NOC Security on network spikes, traffic load rollover circuits, network outages and Meraki monitoring.
Manage and oversee all related change requests, CAB reviews and approvals for all network and systems engineering.
ZENSAR Technologies – Client: City of San Diego
IT Project Manager - Mar 2023 – August 2023
Managed Network Infrastructure upgrades and installations for the City of San Diego, including UPS, WLAN, SDWAN, and WAP technologies. Schedule and manage several contractors and sub-contractors.
Worked with Cybersecurity on firewall delivery for all new circuit network configuration installations.
Supported IT change management with internal reviews prior to CAB meeting with client.
Develop and present weekly PowerPoint decks for PMO reporting of projects status.

INNOVA SOLUTIONS – Client: Bank of America
IT Project Manager – Mar 2022 – Mar 2023
Managed Bank enterprise projects for discovery and sanitization of privacy information on all bank application data. Involved scanning metadata files through Integris, Protegrity, HIVE, Impala and proprietary databases for discovery. EPIcenter documentation and small team review for final analysis and migration to production servers for maintenance. Tracked progress and mitigated blockers throughout the process of Discovery, Protection and Privacy.
Implemented cybersecurity infrastructure projects for privacy rules using encryption, masking or tokenization for proprietary bank applications ensuring customer confidentiality. Conducted regular data analytics for reporting.
Facilitated stakeholder daily stand-ups, maintained JIRA story creation and updates for all application features and issues. Created and maintained all project PowerPoint decks for senior management review sessions.

INFOSYS – Client: Goldman-Sachs
Project Manager / Metrics Analyst, Nov 2021 - Feb 2022
Provided metrics reporting for the Customer Service Platform of Premier brokerage accounts, assessed project risks and opportunities, formulated mitigation plans and proactively managed threats.
Established and developed data quality standards, reported daily CPI call metrics of four key stakeholder customer service call centers, developed ongoing feedback, coaching and progress plans for improvement.
Developed Quick text responses for call initiation and follow ups for case management.

INFOSYS – Client: DTCC – Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation
Project Manager IT Infrastructure, Sep 2020 - Sep 2021
Moderated weekly stand-ups for AWS cloud production using EC2 & S3. Supported developers for testing and debugging in cloud-native applications using Python, Java, and JavaScript. Continuous integration of backend infrastructure used nodes and kubernetes to manage containerized apps. Used Open Source tools for private cloud development with Git Hub and BitBucket for code refactoring and testing.
Managed server onboarding, container/pipeline deployments, analyzed and integrated complex project and program plans including scope, status, schedule, risk and resource forecasts.
Logged, managed, and prioritized internal review of change proposals for client CAB board review weekly.
Served as Scrum Master for daily standups, managed story production in JIRA for product backlog, user stories and collaboration with Product Managers using Agile sprint reviews, retrospectives and relevant team metrics, burn downs, velocity, technical debt and associated KPIs including earned value and project ROIs.
Collaborated with DevSecOps related to middleware, private and public cloud, and distributed hosting.
INFOSYS Limited Client: Verizon & Internal
IT Project Manager, Jun 2019 - Jul 2020
Served as CX Scrum master for Verizon wholesale web portal in Agile environment using JIRA. Monitored code development, testing/optimization to code release. Managed bugs in post-deployment triage for remediation and backlog grooming for next Sprint cycle. Weekly reporting on swim lanes for SDLC software development processes.
Cross-trained offshore technical resources to manage IT department circuit inventory, mobile devices and remote server procurement, upgrades and billing activity.

Altice USA (Formerly Cablevision)
Service Transition Analyst, Apr 2017 - Jun 2019
Managed nationwide contract invoicing, corporate subsidiary on-boarding systems and inventory migration utilizing big data analytics, financial and user trend analysis.
Supervised provisioning and order management for all fixed and mobile telecom assets including management of many disparate vendors. Assisted with change management for software releases.
Implemented numerous cost reduction practices through on demand ad-hoc reporting executed to ITIL standards.

Olympus Asset Management – Citi Corp, Citi Group
Systems Analyst, Oct 2015-Mar 2017
Facilitated creation of a data mining interface between Citi Group mortgage holdings and an REO company.
Partnered with IT to develop an interface API to securely download financial information for third-party vendors leveraging automated scripts to replaced manual entry.
Education
The Complete Agile Project Manager, Project Management Institute
Bachelor of Arts Information and Communication Technology, California State University (Chico)
Certifications
PMP Certified # 3149660
Agile Scrum Certified -SDLC
ITIL V4 Certified # GR750373932JM

Skills
Project Management using Agile, Lean, SCRUM, Waterfall and hybrid methodologies
SCRUM Master execution, Change management & Release Management
ServiceNow, JIRA, Microsoft Project, Confluence, Smartsheets, Click Up ITSM
Oracle, Data Warehouse, Dashboards, MS Power BI, OnBase, Google Suite
Salesforce, NetCracker, MobileIron, MS SharePoint
Microsoft Office Pro, Visio, Adobe Products Suite
Contact this candidate