Charles B. Caverno
***** **** ******
Noblesville, IN 46060
Cell: 727-***-****
ad841v@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY of QUALIFICATIONS
·Proven ability to manage development projects
·Excellent analytical and organizational skills
·Original designs
·Classical and finite element magnetic analysis software Ansoft Maxwell transient, magneto-static, MotorCAD and Magsoft
·Speed software PC-BDC, PC-SRD, PC-IMD and PC-DCM

EXPERIENCE:

3-21 to 5/31/24: Rolls Royce: Indianapolis, IN
SR. ELECTRIC MACHINE DESIGN ENGINEER
Designed internal PM rotor motor/generator set for suitable high-speed operation as generator with carbon filament composite magnet retainment. Project coordinating manufacturing of induction motor, dynamometer and chiller.
5-18 to 3-21: Florida Turbine Technologies Inc.
SR. MOTOR ENGINEER
Design of permanent magnet synchronous motors and generators for drones. Design of induction motor for use in cryogenic applications.
6-14 to 5-18: Powertec Industrial Motors Inc.
ENGINEERING MANAGER
Responsible for the design and documentation of motors designed and built at Powertec. Motor types include PMSM, INDUCTION, and WOUND FIELD DC. Enclosures: totally enclosed, non ventilated, totally enclosed fan cooled, drip proof blower ventilated and totally enclosed water or oil cooled. Also a totally enclosed oil cooled starter motor for General Electric LM2500 industrial and marine gas turbines. Drive motor for aircraft elevator hoist. PMSM motors for automotive test stands. Improved strength of filament wound composite PMSM rotors at higher temperatures.
Review and approve all drawings. Hold weekly engineering meetings to review status and establish priorities.

1-14 to 6-14: Regal America: Blacksburg, VA
SR. MOTOR DESIGN ENGINEER
Designed internal and external rotor switched reluctance motors. Used Matlab program in the optimization of the dwell and advance angle. Used Ansys Maxwell 2D Finite Element analysis software. Set-up the models parametrically which allowed more configurations to be analyzed by running runs overnight. Static analysis and dynamic analysis (using the external circuit allowing optimization of dwell and advance angle) was performed.
·50 W fan motor redesign – internal rotor
·Compressor motor – internal rotor
·Ebike –external rotor

9-05 to 11-10: Moog Inc.: East Aurora, NY
SR. ELECTRIC MOTOR DESIGN ENGINEER
Designed electromagnetic devices for our Aircraft group and Space & Defense group.
·Permanent magnet synchronous motors for F35 Leading Edge Flap.
·Analysis of rotor sleeve losses.
·Design of PMSM A350 rudder, elevator, aileron and spoiler motors.
·Ground Air Tactical Oriented Radar Azimuth and Elevator/Leveler Motors (PMSM) designed.
·F35 LE PDU brake.
·F35 A brake.
·A350 ATRU transient finite element analysis.
·High voltage risk mitigation studies.
·Joint Air Ground Missile Motor.
·Orion launch abort system ACM pintle actuation system motor.
·Orion service module main isolation valve motor (fault tolerant stator design with two 3 phase winding in one stator).
·Taught two classes at Moog for new employees (Motor Application Technology and Motor Design Technology).

3-04 to 9-05: Motorsoft Inc.div. of Fisher Electric Technology Inc., St. Petersburg, FL
SR. ELECTRIC MOTOR ENGINEER
Brushless motor, generator, induction, switched reluctance motor design consulting using SPEED software as a design tool.
A presentation was given to Oak Ridge National Laboratories and the U.S. Department of Energy on design of brushless dc electric motors for Hybrid vehicles.
Calculation of thermal resistance and convection coefficient of ribbed motor housing in cross flow.
7-03 to 3-04: CBC Motor Design Solutions
CONSULTANT
PMDC axial brush motor design for a Canadian Company security bar application.
Universal motor with brake design for company in Nevada.
RISA Mechanical FEA analysis on pump base used in California power plant.
Permanent magnet linear motor design for company in California

6-04 to 7-03: Electronic Boosting Systems Inc., Carpinteria, CA
CHIEF ENGINEER
Reported directly to the President and directed all elements of Motor Technology. Responsible for
Engineering management of motor development projects from feasibility, design, prototype testing and commercialization through production. Sourcing suppliers and potential production facilities. Work with development partners to supply cost-effective production to continually reduce cost of motors as volumes increase. Hands on position performing motor design calculations using classical and finite element methods. Design of brushless dc motor for Turboaire high-speed compressor with integral electronics. Achieved flow of 40 CFM at 4.8-psi boost and 165 amps at 12.5 VDC. In process of a design of exhaust driven generator to replace the standard car alternator. Design of switched reluctance motor for use in Turbochargers. Developed inductive sensing method to sense off the back of the turbocharger impeller.

1-97 to 6-02: Turbodyne Systems Inc., Carpinteria, CA
CHIEF ENGINEER
Directed thirteen engineers and technicians to accomplish company goals of designing, prototyping, testing and manufacturing high speed brushless dc driven centrifugal compressors to supply boost to internal combustion engines. Output of 26 CFM at 2.5 psi, 59 amps, 12.5 VDC to 100 CFM at 5-psi and 200 amps at 24.5 VDC where achieved. The compressor feeds into the turbocharger and the result is turbo compounding. The end result is reduced turbo lag and engine emissions. Engineers directed include electronics, mechanical, test engineers, and automotive engineers. Designed the magnetics for the brushless dc motors as required. Classical magnetics circuit calculations and magnetic finite element analysis.
Markets are diesel and gasoline engines in trucks, buses and automobiles to reduce emissions and turbo lag.

8-93 to 11-96: Sunbeam Household Products Division, Hattiesburg, MS
MOTOR DESIGN ENGINEER
Responsible for the design and testing of over six million motors produced and purchased at SHP. Team leader for project to design prototype and manufacture new smaller shaded pole motor for manufacture in Acuna, Mexico plant at a savings of $1 million per year. Team leader to design, and convert universal motor to a smaller lamination at a savings of $580,000 per year.

11-84 to 8-93: Fasco Industries, Inc., Ozark, MO
MOTOR DESIGN ENGINEER
Developed software for design and performance predictions for internal and external rotor, brushless dc and permanent split capacitor motors. Designed a .6 horsepower 325-volt brushless dc motor for an electro-hydraulic power steering pump. Designed switched reluctance motor for blood gas analyzer compressor. Designed a 2 inch O.D. brushless D.C. motor 2.2 watt, 2 phase, drive tube axial fan a FASCO division in England used in computers, copiers, electronic instrumentation and general office equipment applications. Designed a line of ferrite magnet brushless dc motors in 3.3 inch O.D., 1/30 to horsepower operating in the 12 to 160 VDC range. Provide product improvement support to other product lines by design of windings, laminations and magnetics.

2/84 to 11-84: Indiana General, El Paso, TX
DESIGN ENGINEER
Designed 4 inch O.D. lamination line of brushless D.C. motors ranging from 1/6 to 1.0 horsepower for the machine tool industry. Designed laminations, magnets, housings and tachometers.

7-82 to 2-84: EG & G Torque Systems, Watertown, MA
DESIGN ENGINEER
Designed Torque System’s first brushless D.C. permanent magnet servomotor. Prototype was a 4.25-inch O.D., 4 pole, 3 phase and electronically commutated motor. Coordinated with sales and marketing to define new product needs. Sat on corporate brushless D.C. motor task force.

11-84 to 8-93: Franklin Electric Co., Jacksonville, AR
PROJECT ENGINEER
Designed permanent split capacitor and shaded pole induction motors using revolving field theory.
Programmed in Fortran IV. Designed rotor end rings to increase design flexibility. Analyzed noise problems on customer units using General Radio’s wave analyzer. Identified discrete frequencies produced by motors and identified the causes as dissymmetry. Directed laboratory in testing of sample motors and other related projects. Supported the sales effort with problem solving trips. Formed and directed Quality Control Circle for the purpose of improving communications between engineering an marketing, thus decreasing sample time.

SEMINARS and COURSES

1.16th Permanent Magnet Users Conference, University of Dayton.
2.Brushless Motor Systems Design and Analysis, University of New Hampshire.
3.Powdered Metallurgy short course
4.Quality Control Circle Leader Training, Franklin Electric Company
5.PERT/CPM for management planning seminar, University of Arkansas at Little Rock
6.Dale Carnegie Course
7.Induction Motor Design Course, Franklin Electric Company
8.Single Phase Induction Motor Design Course, University of Missouri, Rolla
9.Universal Motor Design Course, SMMA
10.Magnetic 2D & 3D Finite Element Training – Ansoft
11.SPEED Software Training PC-BDC

EDUCATION: B.S. Physics, 1976
University of Massachusetts at Lowell, Lowell, MA
Contact this candidate