*
Mr. Meshack Ilobi
Address: ***** ****** ***** ****, ******* TX 77095
Current email: ad89pm@r.postjobfree.com
Phone contact info: +1-713-***-****
US Residence Status: Resident of Texas, USA
Nationality: Nigeria & USA
PROFILE SUMMARY
Meshack has more than 45years of work experience in the Oil and Gas industry in Nigeria, Europe, and North America. His career in Shell covered extensive wellsite experience on land, swamp, shallow and deep offshore drilling, completions, and production engineering/operations. As operations engineer, he supervised wellsite engineers, developed drilling, completion, and non-rig well repair operations programs and logistics interface for execution of those programs at the wellsite. In the production engineering function, Meshack rose from designing and implementing detailed artificial lift, sand control, water injection, sand face damage evaluation and remediation programs for well/fields to supervising teams of other production engineers for optimized production from land, swamp, and offshore fields of Shell in the entire Western Division. He also worked as senior production engineer in the Dutch North Sea fields involved in oversight of oil and gas wells from platforms for oil export by tankers and gas production to Den Helder gas processing plant. He led a multi-disciplinary team to mature adaptation of under-balanced drilling technology for offshore implementation in the Shell Netherland operations. Meshack broadened from technical to commercial gas business development. As Shell Corporate Gas Business Planner, he interfaced between the technical and commercial functions for the maturation and implementation of plans to harness Associated and Non-Associated Gas in a system across the entire Shell Nigeria fields to supply domestic gas to Thermal Power Station, supply local industries through the newly formed Shell Nigeria Gas, provide gas to neighboring West African countries through the West African Gas Pipeline (WAGP) and supply feed gas to Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas (NLNG) for first export in 1999.
Meshack later worked for a Nigerian independent petroleum company, CAMAC USA, Erin Petroleum Company Nigeria Limited respectively as corporate Technical Manager and Production Manager overseeing development operations of the Oyo deep offshore field (OML 120) for subsea well completions, wells oil production management and deliveries to FPSO for oil export. He has over the years also provided consultancy services through his Meshack Ilobi Corporation USA Inc., to Afren (Okoro-Setu shallow offshore field), FHN (OML-26) in the Asset Management Team among others. He is positioned to deploy his vast experience in oil and gas development to this asset and others for domestic and export gas business maturation in this decade of gas for the Nigerian nation. CAREER SUMMARY
• 25 years of oil and gas, drilling, and production engineering experience with Shell in land, swamp and Offshore operations in Nigeria and The Netherlands in technical and management positions
• 3 years of Gas Business planning/project portfolio economic ranking for gas market commitment with Shell in Nigeria.
2
• 5 years teaching Business Management and Petroleum engineering courses as guest professor in two premier Universities in Dhaka, Bangladesh under Global Scholars / Cooperative Studies Inc. USA.
• 1 years as Drilling/Production Manager of Allied Energy Corporation, an independent Oil and Gas company, subsidiary of CAMAC International Corporation, in Houston, Texas
• 1 year as Technical Manager of Allied Energy Corporation in Houston Texas
• 1 year as Production Engineering Consultant with Afren Plc. in The Woodlands, Texas USA
• 3 years as Production Manager in Erin Petroleum, Nigeria Limited overseeing deep offshore oil and gas operations in Nigeria.
• 6 years Oil and Gas Consultant with FHN (OML26)
INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
Meshack Ilobi Consultants Inc. USA 2013 – Present
OML26 Production Engineering Consultant (2018 – present)
• Oil and Gas Production Engineering consultancy services: Production Engineering inputs to OML-26 development – Ogini, Isoko, Ovo & Aboh fields development planning and execution. o OML26 GAP Model for Lease-wide Oil & Gas infrastructure development and management.
o Ogini field wells drilling & production optimization. o Isoko wells completion, gas sampling and analysis for gas field development. Erin Petroleum Nigeria Limited (2015-2017)
• Production Manager overseeing all production operations in the Oyo deep offshore field including FPSO operations, new well completions and management of existing wells, oil export oversight and interfaces with various regulatory authorities for legal status of operations. Consultant to Afren Plc., The Woodlands, Spring Texas (2010-2011)
• Provided Production Engineering oversight to the Okoro-Setu shallow offshore oil field. Allied Energy Corporation, Houston USA (2008- 2010) Technical Manager:
• Active interfacing with partners, equipment vendors, service contractors and Statutory agencies for fast-track development of Oyo deep offshore oil field in Nigeria by end 2008. o Partner: AGIP- technical and financial commitment negotiations in Houston, Milan and Lagos in the interest of Allied Energy and the Joint Venture o Equipment Vendors: Aker Solutions – Aberdeen (subsea wellheads), Kuala Lumpur
(subsea control systems), FMC- Houston (subsea control systems), Technip- France
(subsea flowlines manufacture and installation), Parker Cabett Subsea – Houston
(manufacture of subsea equipment), Bumi Armada Berhard, Malaysia (FPSO design, construction and commissioning for service deployment in Nigeria), o Service Providers: TransOcean, Houston/Lagos- drilling and completion of wells, Schlumberger, Intec Sea, WJM (Houston): various engineering services for oilfield development, Jarvis International Freight, Houston: equipment air freight and customs clearance to Nigeria
3
o Statutory Agencies: Department of Petroleum Resources, Lagos – deputations for various safety, environmental and commercial approvals for start up of oil and gas production by end 2009.
• Developing Allied Business Plans for 2009 & 2010: harnessing growth business opportunities in USA and West Africa
• Developing in-house petroleum economic screening model for new exploration activity evaluation and ranking
Allied Energy Corporation, Houston USA (Apr. 2007 – Sept. 2008) Drilling and Production Manager:
• Drilling, completion and evaluation of final appraisal well in Oyo deep offshore prior to field development planning.
• Achieving partner management approval to invest in Oyo field development.
• As partnership Integrated Management Team (IMT) member, negotiated and let contracts for the major aspects of the field development (subsea wells and control systems, Floating, Production, Storage and Offloading vessel –FPSO, Installation and commissioning of integrated systems for oil production by Q4 2009
Global Scholars Inc. USA (www.global-scholars.org) (1999 - 2005) Guest Professor:
• University of Dhaka, Bangladesh (2001 -2004): courses taught - International Trade, Strategic Business Management Formulation and Implementation.
• Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology (2004-2005): courses taught - Oil and Gas Drilling and Production Engineering, well log Interpretation and Petrophysical Engineering, Petroleum Economics and Property Evaluation
Shell Oil Company 1972-1999
Shell Nigeria 1997-1999
Corporate Gas Business Planner
Developed downstream market outlets for all produced gas for Shell Nigeria
Planned for routine gas flaring extinguishment by 2008.
Project manager of all evaluation and portfolio ranking of gas-project economics (pipeline sales, gas to power, LNG, and chemical conversions)
Developed all corporate gas business plans.
Shell Netherlands - N.A.M. BV 1993-1997
Senior Production Engineer
Production engineering input to Q-17 sub-sea field development
Production engineering oversight of Western offshore fields (K&L blocks)
Leader multi-disciplined evaluation team: Under-balanced drilling techniques evaluation in Calgary, Canada, for offshore application in the Dutch offshore fields.
Project Manager of feasibility study for development of A & B blocks shallow gas fields.
Horizontal gas well completion with concurrent drilling and platform gas sales 4
Shell Nigeria 1991-1993
Western Division Gas business focal point (SPDC)
Gas business opportunity identification and conceptual development of associated gas disposal plans
Gas customer relations management
Shell Nigeria 1981-1991
Operations/Production Engineer
Well nodal analyses, gas-lift design and optimization
Sand control repairs (chemical consolidation and gravel pack design and installation)
Water/gas shut off for oil wells.
Water injection design: gas-lift for injection to water leg wells for oil well pressure maintenance
Carried out reservoir pressure maintenance projects. Shell – BP Nigeria 1972-1976
Well-site Operations Engineering Assistant
Field operations engineering- oil and gas wells: land/ swamp/offshore, Nigeria EDUCATION
MBA (Global Management) University of Phoenix August 2005
.
M. S. Petroleum Engineering University of Tulsa May 1981 B. S. Petroleum Engineering University of Tulsa December 1978 References
Will be supplied if/when required.
Contact this candidate