SEVAN TEKYAN
Personal details
SEVAN TEKYAN
ad8abw@r.postjobfree.com
520-***-****
*** * *** ** *** 8
***** ****** **
January 2, 1963
Male
Married
linkedin.com/in/sevan-tekyan-
3278a995
Skills
MS Office
MS Visual Studio
Autocad & Autodesk
Diptrace schematic
capture and PCB design
Software
Altium Designer
Ecue Lighting Design
Suite
STM32 Cube IDE
Atolic True Studio for
STM32
Education
High School Diploma Sep 1976 - Jun 1980
Ozel Kalamis Koleji, Istanbul
I aducated in this Private school in Turkey.
Electric Engineer Bachelor Degree Sep 1980 - Jun 1985 Yildiz Teknik Universitesi, Istanbul, Turkey
Yıldız Technical University is one of the most popular state universities in Istanbul. The engineering faculties of the university are educated with innovative engineering concepts that are open to practical product development. In addition to theoretical courses, this school, equipped with the richest laboratory equipment in Turkey, is famous for training engineers who are talented not only on paper but also in practice.
Programmin C Language Certified Feb 2019 - Apr 2019 UDEMY Web Site, NA
This Course contains 50 hours of teaching Lessons, form intermediat to well known C lessons. contains all subjects of this Language.
After course My embeded software skil becomes to writing Libraries and high level C softwares without any bugs. CAN BUS Course for Automotive and
İndustry 4.0, Certificated
May 2020 - Jul 2020
UDEMY Web Site, NA
This course about embeded system CAN bus cominication about Automotive and Industry 4.0. the first objective of the course give the theoric knowledge about can bus cominication. And give practice software writing knowledge about can bus cominication. Also using STM 32 F 407 Micro controllers. I have finished 50 hours lessons now, And handle the finishing certificate also
Arm Programming Lessons from Zero to
Advanced with STM32F4 Discovery Card,
Certificated
Jan 2018 - May 2018
UDEMY Web Site, NA
Arm architecture is the most widely used and most powerful processor architecture in the field of embedded systems. For this reason, we continued our course curriculum with the STM32F4 Discovery card, which includes the Arm architecture.
Unlike the course examples on the market, this course was taught using the STDPeriph (SPL) Library, Register level coding and State Libraries, thus going to the core of the architecture and showing the kitchen of the libraries. In the training curriculum, almost all peripherals in the Arm architecture, from clock configurations to the configurations of the most advanced peripherals, were explained in detail and with plenty of sample projects. After the working logic of each peripheral was explained in detail, it was explained in a way that students would improve themselves by making comments rather than memorizing the education style, supported by reference manuals and datasheets. Driver development course for
microcontrollers, Certificated
Oct 2022 - Dec 2023
UDEMY Web Site, NA
Orcad Schematic and PCB
design suit
Arduino IDE Software
Elnec Chip Programing
Software
Nitro Pro PDF Editor
Electronic WorkBench
Proteus
Eagle
Languages
Turkish
English
French
Armenian
Hobbies
Certificated Ham Radio Amateur
(TA2LS Call sign)
RC Model planes, Helicoptes and
naval ships
Drone And RC airplane certificated
pilot
Fishing and swimming
The course is aimed at those who are considering a professional career in Embedded Software. For this reason, it shows how things work in the background of functions such as HAL Driver, STD Periph Driver, which are provided to us and help us control microcontrollers. By developing all the drivers yourself, you will now go beyond just using SPI USART GPIO I2C ready functions. You will see how ready codes are written for you and develop your own APIs from the register level at a level called Bare Metal Programming. As you learn the background better, you will be able to enter Debug at a better level and use these drivers that are available and produced for us and also provide convenience. Employment
Product And Project Manager Aug 2007 - Mar 2024
Muezzinoglu Elektrik Proje Ve Taahhut Ltd. sti., Istanbul In 2007, I started to work as a project and production manager in Müezzinoğlu Elektrik Proje Limited Şirketi, one of the leading companies in the lighting industry, due to the termination of Dambach Turkey's operations in Turkey.
The main theme of my duties in the company is the design of the electronic circuits of LED light systems and their preparation for mass production.
I design lighting fixtures suitable for technological lighting automations such as Smart Home automation, Light Automation, DMX, KNX and Dali systems.
I take responsibility for the works such as the control of the lighting projects drawn by the architectural team of the projects wich coming to the company and the coordination between construction site to office during the realization of the projects. The projects carried out by the company include private residences, shopping malls, hospitals, outdoor architectural lighting systems, universities, largescale offices. The biggest projects I have completed during my time working in this company are.
Capitol Mall in Istanbul, MAAR Shopping Center in Istanbul, Ankara Castle architectural exterior lighting project in Ankara, Atakule (Ataturk Tower) Shopping Center architectural lighting, Özyeğin University in Istanbul. Sahibinden.com management Aug 2007 - Present
office and many projects like these.
Product Development Manager Oct 2002 - Jul 2007
Dambach Turkey AS, Istanbul
In 2002, TST Parking Lot Ltd and the German Dambach GmBH traffic equipment company established a new company under the name of Dambach Türkiye AŞ.
Thus, the company recruited me as a Product and Project manager because of my known background in the TST parking company.
At the beginning of my responsibilities at the company, it was the translation of the settings and operating menus of the traffic devices produced in Germany into Turkish native language and programming them into embedded systems.
The second goal of my product research was to develop a radar beacon that warns drivers of dangerous areas with their own speed and large digital text displays. In the summer of 2005, my first working radar sign was installed on the Antalya highway. This sign is still working and successfully doing its job.
During this time, I developed and designed many technological electronic products as a result of consultations with the General Directorate of Turkish Highways. Some of these remained on a project basis, while others were sold to various institutions. Product and Maintenance Manager Aug 2000 - Sep 2002 TST OTOPARK DUZENLEME SISTEMLERI LTD. STI., Istanbul During my time working as chief Engineer of the Company's. Programming and Maintenance Group. I worked as a Maintenance and programming specialist in the Parking Ticket vending machines of the German Dambach GMBH company.
I gained experience in traffic electronic systems by receiving training in the same company's traffic management systems, smart road systems engineering, at the company's factory in Germany. Research and development manager Oct 1993 - Jun 2000 ARE ELECTRONIC LTD. STI., Istanbul
During my employment, I successfully carried out the product research and development manager of the company.
In those years, the company was massproducing professional Audio Amplifiers up to 1500 Watt RMS power.
In addition, another work area of the company was designing, projecting and implementing the sound and light systems of nightclubs, bars and discotheques. We were working on robot lights, musical light animations, theater lighting systems, design and installation of DMX 512 lighting equipment.
My main responsibility was the design, research and development of Professional audio amplifiers produced by the company. During my management, I increased the power of the amplifiers,from which was around 200 Watt RMS at the beginning, up to 1500 Watt RMS power.
I also paved the way for the company to have a say in this field by designing a modular dimmer unit with a 010 Volt input per channel of 2.2KW that can be used in theaters and drama stages. Custom section
In general,
I am a qualified and experienced Electrical and Electronics engineer. In my life, I mostly work in the design field of electronic circuits. I had advanced studies on high power professional AB and A class audio Amplifiers, Parkline parking ticket vending machines, Dambach Gmbh traffic management equipment. Intelligent road systems, Road radar signs (I am the inventor designer and supplier of radar speed boards used in Turkey). The "Your Speed" road radar panels that I have produced still work successfully on many Turkish highways. Currently, I am working as a production and project manager in a leading Lighting Project company in Turkey. In the design and applications of Led Lighting machines, which is my second area of expertise.
I have expert knowledge about Explosion Proof Lighting equipment, shopping mall lighting, school and office lighting, residential lighting. I am also responsible for designing all electronic products produced by the company and preparing them for mass production. The limits of this responsibility are the design of linear LED light sources, for example "Constant Current" or " Constant Voltage" linear LED arrays, the electronic circuit designs of the luminaires to be produced and the design of LED light sources, the design of peripheral units and the software of embedded systems. I have advanced knowledge about DMX-based stage and architectural lighting equipment, which also comes from stage systems.
My last successful project,
It is the "Ankara Castle Project" implemented in Ankara, the capital city of Turkey. In this completed and realized project, it is a big project with an installed power of 120 KW, where more than 200 RGBL (Red, Green, Blue and Lime) luminaires paint the castle walls, and 20 Gobo projectors create animative image effects on the castle walls.
The whole project is a real-time lighting application that works with network and DMX communication with "LAS Lighting Application Suite Software", which was purchased from Osram Company and whose shows and settings were made by me.
Tucson AZ, December 8, 2024
Contact this candidate