EXPERTISE: ADNOC approved Lead Process Engineer with more than 32 years of expertise in Oil and Gas in total - 10 years of experience in Sor gas Projects & Development (PMT) dept of Chennai Petroleum (subsidiary of Indian Oil Corporation), Chennai, India, & 5 years in Engineering Consultancy in Worley Parsons & ENI Saipem, 4 yrs with PDO (SHELL JV) upstream E& P Operating company in Gas Directorate, 5 years in Process Engg (E& TS) at KNPC - SHU Refinery, Kuwait and 2.5 yrs in Technology (Concept /FEED & Commissioning support) division in PETRONAS Malaysia as Engineering Specialist. 5 yrs in ADNOC in FEED /EPC Engineering Team Lead PMC
EDUCATION:
B.Tech (Chem. Eng.), Coimbatore Institute of technology, Coimbatore, India
MBA (International business) Pondicherry University, Pondicherry

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

COMPANY
DESIGNATION
PERIOD
Kent, QATOR
Chief Process Engineer (HOD) – Process Engineering & Loss prevention (THSE)
May 2024 -
ADNOC, Abudhabi
Lead PMC Process Engineer
Gas Processing/NGL seperation
Feb 2019 – April 2024

PETRONAS,Malaysia 6
Engineering Specialist- Engineering support (Concept /FEED - Sour Treating & Strategic Projects)
Feb ’16 – Nov 18
Petroleum Development Oman (PDO)5 ( SHELL JV)
Engineering Lead.( Process & interdisciplinary) – Gas Processing /LNG
Feb ’12 – Jan16
ENI Saipem 4, Sharjah
Dy. Chief Process Design Engineer (Head of Process)
Sep‘08 – Oct’ 11
Worley Parson 3, Oman
Sr. Process Design Engineer
Aug ‘07 – July 08
KNPC 2, Mina Al Shuaiba Refinery
Kuwait
Process Eng. – TSD
Aug.’ 02 –July ’07
CPCL 1, Manali Refinery
Madras, India
Deputy Manager -
Process Dev. & Interface
Sep.’01–Jul.’02

Senior Process Development Engineer –
Process Engg
Jul.’96–Aug.’01

Process Development Engineer
Apr.’93–Jun.’96
CPCL 1, Manali Refinery
Madras, India
Operations Engineer
Mar’ 92–Jun.’93
SAIL, (Methane gas condensation unit)
Engineer Trainee (on job)
July 1991 – Feb '92
1 Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited (CPCL), formerly Madras Refineries Limited (MRL). It is a group company of Indian Oil Corporation Limited with a total refining capacity of 230 MBPD.

2 Mina Al Shuaiba (SHU) refinery is one of the refineries of Kuwait National Petroleum Company (KNPC) with a refining capacity of 200 MBPD.

3 Worley Parson, is world renowned Engineering company with wide interest in the area of Energy and resources with offices all over world.

4 ENI Saipem Sharjah Engineering, is world renowned EPC Company with wide interest in the area of Energy and resources with offices all over world

5 Petroleum Development Oman (PDO) is renowned government of Oman & SHELL JV upstream operating Company.
6 PETRONAS is renowned government of Malaysia & Malaysian Refining co JV.

SUMMARY OF WORK EXPERIENCE:
Experienced Process Design & Project Management Specialist with about 30 years of total experience in Oil & Gas / Petroleum Refineries / E & P/ LNG sector including HSE / Safety Studies. Had worked in Engineering Consultancy for various projects and expertise in preparing various technical documents and preparation of engineering standards.Being involved in various Business activities of oil and gas such as Process Design, Lisensor Technology evaluation, and Brownfield refinery modification studies, Technical Services, Projects Management, Operations, Commissioning & Startup, Environmental and Safety studies. Prepared Operating Manuals. Fully familiar with SHELL DEPs.

Interdisciplinary support of various projects, Man hours estimate for individual discipline, monitoring of man hours and projects process. Providing competitive and optimized engineering solutions..Involved in Cost Economics for various projects at gate review on IRR, NPV & ROI Participated in project costing and evaluation and optimization of cost worskshops

Involved in selection of technologies for Green Hydrogen and Ammonia separation unit through carbon capture and acid gas & Tail gas treatment train .Lisencor agreement review and Guatentees/Warraty documents review.Technical discussion with Lisensor .
I have Involved in Technology selection, Evaluation of Sulfur recovery unit, Tail Gas Treatment unit, Sulfur handling and transportation, ARU, SWS and Effluent Treatment facilities and have worked in design & Execution support I have simulated pipelines network, Gas Compression units. Involved in projects from Concept to Commissioning. Expertise in managing multi-discipline activities as focal point for various projects. Executed many Facility change projects (FCP’s). Expertise in simulation in Hysys & Pipesim, Flare-net. I have involved in development activities for OJT & Young Engineers. Performed as Technical Authority/ Head of Process in EPC Consultancy and was Technical Authority & HOD in SAIPEM, Sharjah. I have involved in projects related to Refinery Screening studies, SRU, TGTU, Sulfur pellets unit, Sour gas facilities, Offshore Gas processing, LNG Depletion compression, Flare studies. Pipeline /Flow assurance.

Expertise in value engineering and project startup audits. I have worked adapting all HSE guidelines from IDENTIFY to OPERATE stages of various projects. Involved in Design review, HAZOP, SIL Classification for various projects. Involved in QRA/FRA/HAZID/ALARP & Project start-up Audits. I have worked for concept for LNG condensate removal, Co2 removal,,GDU, Liquification and storage facilities with latest technologies. Familiar with Saudi ARAMCO standards. Also have expertise in Pre-Commissioning and commissioning of various O& G facilities.

Kent QATOR: Head of Process Engineering /Loss Prevention: May 2024 – till date
Supporting the department as Subject Matter expert involving in day to day business function related to Process Engineering and Loss Prevention and as approval Authority for Technical Deliverables.Involved in Projects of QATOR ENERY & DOLPIN ENERGY and participating in review of design aspects of various ongoing projects and development of Process standard procedures and validation of calculation spread sheets

Involved in the following projects:

EPIC for Dukhan Production Facilities Upgrade - Phase 1B

CO2 injection in dukhan Gas lift & production facilities project

Detailed Engineering for the EPIC of Decommissioning Obsolete Facilities at Halul Island

Sea Water network upgrade project/ Tempered water system upgrade

Various Facility change brownfield works – Multiple works

ADNOC SOUR GAS : 1.85 BSFD EXPANSION AND CARBON CAPTURE PROJECT - CONCEPT/FEED Mar 2023 – Dec 2023:

Concept Selection and Design of Shah High sour gas capacity expansion(30% H2S):
Projects Engineering support, Multi discipline coordination, Process design, Feasibility Studies, Carbon Capture, Green Hydrogen, SRU and TGTU,NGL Recovery, Acid gas Treatment, ASU units Licensors Coordination. Gas and Condensate stabilization and Treatment units revamp, Vapour recovery compressor systems, Refrigeration unit.

Utilities adequacy check and requirements,Design review,HAZID,HAZOP,Value Engineering, IPR /IPA and Technical and HSE studies deliverable input & support.

Involved with Lisencor in technology selection and configuration for the selected technology for green hydrogen and Ammonia production using Methane reforming and Electrolysis process

Technology selection of SRU, NGL extraction unit, ASU, Carbon capture and review of various Technical documents and brain storm sessions and workshops relevant to project.

Involved in the economics of unit configuration based on IRR & ROI and product slate. Involved in project cost estimate and NPV asssements

Participated in Cost estimation and CESAR reviews and Project interdisciplinary support for final close out of re-FEED documents, DOSSIER & Scope of Services.

Naptha Upgradation Project – FEED Jan 2024 – May 2024:

As PROCESS LEAD, involved in the FEED activities along with EPC contractor PETROFAC for expansion of existing Reformer unit capacity, including NHT suitability for the new feed composition and the Splitter column modification to meet RON 105.

The associated storage and pipeline facilities along with utilities requirements are part of scope of project

Involved in ensuring all deliverables both from EPC & Lisensor are adhered to AGES of ADNOC requirements and all workshops such as Design review, HAZOP and safety studies were involved and closed out reports reviewed and approved

Naptha unit upgrade additional Train and revamp of existing unit
NGL extraction unit revamp
Storage facilities and tank transfers
Utilities system upgrade and Adequacy studies
All safety studies such as HAZOP, HAZID,Risk Assessments, Simops etc.,

Participated in all technical resolution meetsing from both Lisensor and EPC & completed FEED Process scope before schedule timeframe

ADNOC OFFSHORE : Technical Engineering Lead March 2019 - Feb 2023

ADNOC OFFSHORE : Umm Saif Cap Gas development Project ( 1.2 bln USD) :

-To develop additional new gas gas discoveries and to recover 50 MBD condensate and 600 MMSCFD gas for total gas re-injection with Phase-2 to ramp up to 100 MBD & 1.2 BMCFD by 2023. The scope includes, WHT,Compression trains, Condensate stabilization and transfer facilities, Gas dehydration and amine sweetening units, Produced water treatment, Utilities. Additional Crude & Condensate storage tanks,Sub sea pipelines & trunk lines. Worked closely with subsurface, cross-discipline, commercial and project execution engineers, providing challenge to the subsurface teams and project delivery emphasis during the pre-Decision gate reviews.

Concept is completed and FRONT END Engineering Design is in progress and expected to Complete by Jan 2020.on fast track. All process Surface facilities Design documents and workshops such as Design Review, HAZID,HAZOP,SIMOPS,3D Model reviews participated. Reviewed all process deliverable for fit for design purpose and approvals are being done Reviewed Technical Bid Evaluation for various Equipment and Technology.Participated in Gate reviews,PEER reviews, IPR and works carried out at EPC office.

Completed the FEED activities assigned with the PETROFAC and supported in providing FEED dossiers in time compare to other competitive Contractor.

Umm Saif / Lower Zakum Site Schemes project:
Working as Process Lead / Inter discipline coordinator, involved in multiple projects in Umm Shaif & Lower Zakum Complex.
Responsible for the overall planning, management and successful completion of the projects to meet the requirements and objectives of the projects
Monitor and manage team member performance, Monitor and control overall performance of contractors and suggest resolutions / correction actions as required,
Attend meetings with contractor, perform trend analysis to ensure projects on track and advise correction actions as required.

Inter - Discipline support and management:
-Interaction with multidisciplinary for scope clarification
-Man hour estimate for individual discipline scope
-Interface issues alignment with all disciplines and arriving way forward
-Conducting workshop and participation of various discipline and validating the outcome of recommendations
- Verification of all discipline deliverable wit respect to quality and design criteria requirement and interacting with all Leads Engineers
-Validation and approval of documents
-Manage, direct and guide the team to achieve the Projects objectives with assertive and firm in dealing with FEED Engineer, EPC contractors and other service providers while exercising absolute control on the work
-Attending weekly and Monthly meeting to sort out all technical issues
-Preparation of technical reports for Management of change and approvals from concerned for budgets
-Participating in PEER reviews and Technical Audits.
-Man hours estimation for Projects for process and input on man-hour estimate to other discipline
-Engineering deliverable close outs and FEED Dossier and EPC scope validating
-High professional competence, management and leadership skills to motivate team to achieve high quality performance during the execution of the Project and complete accountability.
-Monitor and manage team member performance, Monitor and control overall performance of contractors and suggest resolutions / correction actions as required,
-Attend meetings with contractor, perform trend analysis to ensure projects on track and advise correction actions as required.

FLARE IGNITION & MONITORING & N2 Packages
Technology Evaluation for various Monitoring and Ignition systems.
Review Concept report and provided input for various Process queries raised by Project team
Checked the requirement of N2 Purge and saving of Fuel gas
Reviewed the environmental impact and CO2 emission reduction requirements
Participated in HSE review discussion and provided inputs.
Involved in IPR reviews and prepared closeout report.
Involved and part of team for HSE classification and risk ranking.
Involved in preparation of projects deliverable for ITT such as DSP, Gate reviews, Steering Committee reviews, Project Execution strategy, Project definition Report.
Participated in HSE Classification presentation for capital projects.
Provided clarification for bidders queries.
Involved in discussion and project light initiations and evaluation of value addition and saving.
Involved in KOM and data retrievals support and Early Engineering reviews.

USSC Well Head towers vent system modification.

Carried out Feed document validation and strategic requirement of scope.
Provided technical queries raised by project review team.
Provided inputs data for HSE team for dispersion study requirements.
Verification of Safety valves and vent requirements
Provided inputs for Dispersion study for vents in various platforms
Involved in providing inputs for evaluation of project optimization inline with oil price & Covid 19 scenario.
Involved and part of team for HSE classification and risk ranking.
Involved in preparation of projects deliverable for ITT such as DSP, Gate reviews, Steering Committee reviews, Project Execution strategy, Project definition Report.
Participated in HSE Classification presentation for capital projects.
Man hour estimate for various scopes and MOC
Engineering man hours estimate based on deliverable
Interdisciplinary deliverable optimization and asset deliverable optimizations for cost and schedule

Digital oil field (DOF)Technology on WHT & RTU of ZAKUM facilities.

Verification of FEED documents and Value Assurance review reports.
Participated in EPC tender stage support.
Reviewed process documents related to modification of Automated system for remote operation.
Design basis, data sheets of remote Actuated motorized valves,divertor valves. / P& ID, operation, Control & Maintenance Philosophy related to Process.
Alarm Rationalization workshop and reviewed report and provided comments.
Participated in Design review, Value Engineering, HAZOP, HAZID,ENVID & PHSER, HSE study reviews.
Participated in 3D model review and provided optimized solutions.
Participated with OEM/ Contractor for review of valves and drain drums.
Review and approval of All IFC documents and involved in all workshop close out action recommendations.

HALON Replacement & Fire and Gas Mapping study:
Involved in preparation of ITT documents and scope of work for EPC award.
RFT preparation and tender floating support for procurement dept
EOI report preparation for the Approved bidders
Supported in floating of tender document to bidders for bidding
Review of technical clarification and coordinated with interdisciplinary for obtaining inputs and consolidation
Provided supports for clarification,Qualification &Exemption statements review with bidders
Participated in OEM presentation for technology/ marine spread / Surveys
Review of post bid documents and preparation of Technical Evaluation documents
Participated in Project Risk Assessment and Opportunities.
Supported / Participated in Commercial Evaluation and award and KOM meetings.

Team Member for New Initiatives & Technologies:

Digitization of oil field assets.
Integrated Operation Control (IOC) for Various Assets
De-Carbonisation and Renewal Energy initiative for new projects and brown field studies
Green House gases AND Carbon Credits
Project Light Initiatives and cost Optimizations and RAM support
Support of Reliability and RAM studies for FMECA & RBI for preventive Maintenance.
Carried out Quality, Safety, Environmental Audits for various sites and projects

Feb 2016 – Nov 2018 PETRONAS, MALAYSIA (Sour units) Engineering Specialist- Engineering support (Concept /FEED - Sour Treating & Strategic Projects)

Providing process support and advisory to Operations, Technology & Commissioning group for treating section, which comprises of Sour facilities such as Sulfur recovery, LPG Treatment, sour water, amine treating units & Sulfur pellets units.

Responsibilities broadly cover identifying and planning the resource requirements, projects conflicts resolution, Ensure proper project management tools and techniques in place to completed projects,

Periodic meeting with Company PMT, Reports to management as required, monitor and control projects related interfaces, changes, risk, deviations from requirements, services by company to contractors, lesson learned.
Interdisciplinary support of various projects,

Man-hours estimate for individual discipline, monitoring of man hours and projects process. Providing competitive and optimized engineering solutions..

Critically monitoring the deliverable with respect to quality and schedules man-hours spending. Participated in quality audits for the projects and facilitating in closeout of Audit gaps.

Provide the input required in to deliverable, review letters and reports to ensure Company interests contractually,

Evaluate and advise Company representative on the required actions on claims submitted by Contractors, Ensure optimizations, Control and manger overall sites work

Carried out HAZOP/ RCFA for critical failures and provided mitigation.

Working in all PETRONAS Refinery, strategic ongoing projects at Concept stage to Commissioning handled the following tasks:

1.Hydrogen generation unit revamp – Kinetic technologies – FEED study
2.NGL Extraction unit Revamp – UOP lisence unit – Capacity upgrade – FEED
3.Crude tank water draining and sludge management project – Commissioning assistance and reviews
4.ULSD- 95 supply to TTLR – Detailed Engineering support.
5.Condensate souring of CFU – Supporting PSSR and pre commissioning works.
6.Effluent treatment facilities revamp – Detailed Feasibility support
7.Participated in pre project walk thro audit and pre commissioning Support

Sulfur Recovery Unit Revamp:

Petronas Melaka intended to revamp the existing Melaka refinery SRU unit for additional train:
Basic data and existing SRU capacity optimization review.
Preparation of pre feasibility report
Worked with WORLEY, Haldor topse,Jacobs for technology selection for Sulfur recovery unit
Comprehensive reviews for WSA with sulfuric acid unit
Technical EVALUATION OF Li-sensors technology
Economic and cost benefit evaluation reviews.
Integrating the existing unit with new unit trains options review.
Review of Concept report for chosen technology
FEED process documents review for selected SRU technology JACOBS CAPRIMO.
Reviewed the approval of process deliverable. Tech
Interdisciplinary review meeting participating to arrive of technical solutions
MOC note to file preparation and approval from concerned department heads
Budget preparation and Internal Manhour estimate for Process, HSE, Technical Safety/Commissioning works
Technical gate and budget review gate meetings participation.

Activities in treating units:
1.Provided Concept, Engineering design and verification with Engineering standards for modifications within refinery units.
2.Prepared Design Basis,Process study reports for small brown field in house modifications in treating unit.
3. Optimize and technical support for operating within operating envelop and provide input for upstream and interface with all consumers and stake holders.
4.Carried out Amine chemical loss assessment in Amine Recovery unit in train 1 & 2.
5.The ARU site audit requirement for chemical losses was discussed and root cause identified and recommendations arrived and supported the presentations.
6.Participated in pre shutdown planning meeting and involved in shutdown.
7.Carried out RCFA for stripper column N5 nozzle shell impingement and piping metal thinning.
8.Presented the RCFA findings in AIMTECH and the same is loaded in PARADYMS. Presented in Area Technical Committee.
9.Carryout periodic mocks drills and ensure all staff is fully aware of Emergency handling.
10.Updating the safeguarding memo for Units 33,34,35, 26,27 & 28 both in treating and product units.
11.Participated in various meeting for ROOT cause findings for unknown sulfur in LPG units.
12.Provided inputs for flow chart and root cause analysis for unknown sulfur
13.Participated in meetings with various vendors for providing the technology for removal of unknown sulfur.
14.Provided inputs for DRA software for SRU units and requested Consultant on critical tags.
15.Time to time monitoring of process units for any action required for Operations.
16.Participated in Technology Team PHA assessment and carried out sample PHA EXERCISE.
17.Provided inputs for S02 emission in stack and the provided inputs for revising the self-imposed emissions.
18.Participated in the discussions with HSES for Finalizing the Presentation to DOE/ Management.
19.Reviewed the SRU unit IR reports and provided comments as and when required.
20.Supported in the presentation for Operating the SRU unit for 180 TPD and participated in the meetings.
21.Participated in the technical selection of COD unit installation and the cost / economics evaluations
22.Carried out behavioral safety (BS) audits on monthly basis and provided the findings.
23.Carried out Technical safety audits(TSA) for unit 25 utility system and provided the findings.
24.Sour water stripper (U-15) top pressure issue performance hiccups brainstormed and issue addressed.
25.SRU back pressure issue and choking and provided inputs as and when required.
26.Participated in the HCR-10 meeting and represented technology and carried out audits.
27.Provided inputs to Flare gas seal bacterial growth issue in utilities area.
28.Supported the EURO -V project for scope and queries raised by team.
29.Participated in the SOLOMON associated presentation and input provided for queries

Feb 2012 - Feb 2016: Petroleum Development Oman as Engineering Lead (Process & interdiscipline) Gas Processing /LNG – EPC contractor office as PMC
Worked in Concept team and optimisation team in Gas Diretcorate
Being pro-active in the identification of value creation ideas and compliance with the ORP.
Familiar with knowledge in new technologies such as Unconventional Oil and Gas, Contaminated (Sour as well as CO2) Gas and Enhanced Oil / Gas Recovery, Acid Gas and Sulfur recovery unit.

The following Projects/Studies was handled during the tenure:

A)SR CPP Flare gas recovery study(Zero flaring study (SR Central Process plant
Review of Continuous / non continuous loads to Flare.
Site visit carried out for data collection / identification of plot area
Defined various scenarios for flare load calculation from the surface facilities.
Carried out hydraulic study for major pipelines.
Reviewed the requirement of Compressor / type
Prepared Process data sheet for the Reciprocating Compressor
Interaction with vendors to obtain budget quotes
Preparation of CSR with FEED scope of work.

B)Govt Gas Plant(GGP) Flare Adequacy& segregation study
Evaluation of the Exiting flare loads
Verification of existing EDP, RV’s for exact load
Site visit to collect data fand site verification of data,
Verification of flare sub header / Header and Hydraulic checks carried out.
Segregated Depressurization scenarios and identified of Fire zones.
Calculation doen for back pressure and Mach number
Provided options for flare header / sub header replacement or additional flare
Prepare Concept selection report.
Leading /Coordinated with Third Party consultant and inhouse studies
.
C)GGP Safety studies (QRA,FRA & FG Mapping
Review of existing EDP & Release rate
Verification of RO at site and calculations
Involved in the Hazard identification workshops
Involved and worked along with Consultant on Physical effect Modeling
Identification of FIRE envelopes
Manning Philosophy of the units and the quantitative risks identification
Workshop to review the recommendation and sensitive analysis.

FEED & Detailed Design:Involved in DEFINE,EXCECUTE to OPERATE Stage at EPC OFFICE as PMC

A)GGP Rejuvenation project: USD 120MM
Team leader for this Multidiscipline scope for refurbishing the existing 30 years old plant with scope includes process, static, mechanical, electrical, pipeline for refurbishment of old Government gas plant in order to extend the life of unit for another 25yrs at the cost of around 120 $MM. Involved in the baseline assessment study, scoping of the project, preparation of Basis of Design and supported FEED/ Detailed Design.

B)Yibal 2nd stage depletion& re-wheeling Compressor project: USD 300MM.
The unit is to install 4 depletion Compressor re-wheeling along with installation of new Compressor for pressure depletion in the subsurface wells for capacity of 23 MMSCMD LNG facility.

Involved to Technical Evaluation of bids support the YDDC123 & 4th Compressor for DEFINE stage
Involved in the supporting the Technical queries & Exemption, Qualification, Clarification (EQC)
Unisim calculations verified for the facility
Initiated various studies related to Process / HSE
Discussion with Compressor vendor on data sheet/ specification.
Verification of calculation and review of process documents / drawings.
Reviewed PFS/PEFS/PSFS and provided comments
Involved in the Design review/HAZOP/IPF reviews
Supported in closeout reports for the above.
Provided input to various safety studies like QRA/FRA& F& G Mapping
Involved in HAZID, ALARP STUDIES.
Supported HSE PLANS
Involved in Projects Audits/ Certification for fitness
Involved in Pre- start up and Commissioning

C)SR CPP Flare gas recovery study (Zero flaring study (SR Central Process plant) USD 120MM
The flare Gas recovery unit is installed in Central Gas processing plant to recovery up to 60,000 SCFD of flare gases by installation of reciprocating Compressor & N2 Package

Involved to Technical Evaluation of bids support for identification of Compressor vendor & EPC
Involved in DCAF & HSE studies identifications
Involved in the supporting the Technical queries & Exemption, Qualification, Clarification (EQC)
Unisim calculations verified for the facility
Interface with the existing facilities were identified
Discussion with Compressor vendor on data sheet/ specification.
Finalization of Heat & Material balance.
Verification of calculation and review of process documents / drawings.
Reviewed PFS/PEFS/PSFS and provided comments
Involved in the Design review/HAZOP/IPF reviews
Supported in closeout reports for the above.
Involved in HAZID, ALARP Studies.
Supported HSE PLANS
Carried out site visits during fabrication and erection to vendor and Project facility area
Construction ongoing.

D)Handling following Brown field Facility Change projects (FCP’s) in Yibal cluster
1.Flare KOD Pumps replacement.
2.Rerouting of vent line to flare
3.Seal gas conditioning and condition monitoring project
4.Replacement of leaking valves in 48” Export gas pipeline.
5.Installation of additional Slug catcher.
6.Interlink Compressor reversal project

E)Providing Operation support & site audits for Yibal & Saih Rawl Gas facilities (LNG Facilities) .
Government gas plant (GGP) & SR Central Processing plant) having capacities of 23 MMSCMD & 46 SCMD respectively with 6 TEG gas treatment trains & TEG regeneration units for dew point and HC dew point conditioning along with Export facilities.

Regular support of Operational Constraints
Participated in HAZOP / RCA Hazid,Simops workshops
Modification reviews sessions
Support of Brownfield projects
Participation in technical workshops such as design review, Hazop,

Sep 2008 – Oct 2011: ENI – SAIPEM, UAE as Dy. Chief Process Engineer (HOD)

I was Technical Authority for Process Engineering in day to day operation of department activities and participating in bidding/Technical evaluation,Process deliverable approval and design, Man hours estimation for proposals and Projects for process, Technical Safety, Commissioning.Inputs on man-hour estimate to other discipline. Mentoring the team and involved in the below projects and activities:

A.ADGAS SRU UNIT, UAE

1.Review of detailed design design basis.
2.Preparation of open points on various reviews and workshops of FEED contractor/Lisencors.
3.Preparation of data sheets and philosophies
4.Lisencor documents where reviewed.
5.Participated in technical review meeting with liscensor for SUPERCLAUS Worley .
6.Comprehensive reviews for TGTU and WSA with sulfuric acid unit options.
7.Techno -Commercial evaluation of Li-sensors technology
8.Economic and cost benefit evaluation reviews.

B.FEED for Flare gas Recovery unit for Takreer Ruwais refinery

1.Verification of process loads & site visit carried out
2.Preparation of Basis of Design.
3.Simulation carried out in Flare net
4.Preparation of study Report .
5.Preparation of presentation to Management
6.Process support in multi discipline team and conducting workshops with clients.

C.ARAMCO NGL Extraction Unit – FEED
Contact this candidate