RAMIL PADILLA LANDICHO
Philippine-Licensed Civil Engineer
ad8foj@r.postjobfree.com 973-****-**** RP Tower, Flat 235, Al Fateh, Juffair, Bahrain PROFILE
A highly trained professional that had a total of 17 years solid experience in Buildings, Civil & Structural Engineering discipline mostly in the field of energy sector and oil and gas industry for different phases such as FEED, Basic and Detailed Design, Fabrication, Installation, Construction and Procurement of Greenfield / Brownfield Oil and Gas Projects, Refineries, Petrochemical Plant, and Energy projects. Has also a Railways and Traffic Management experience. Effective communicator, collaborator, and problem solver. highly talented, practices time management and exercises proven organizational skills. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Building/Civil/Structural Field Engineer
(Technip Energies, Tecnicas Reunidas, Samsung Engineering JV – TTSJV)) Client: The Bahrain Petroleum Company (BAPCO)
Project: The BAPCO Modernization Program
Jan 2020 – Present
Provide engineering support for prompt and efficient management of field changes/modifications. Support and advise contractor and subcontractor construction personnel, ensuring accurate interpretation of construction drawings, project specifications, codes, and procedures. Monitoring and meeting the project schedules on submissions of Civil deliverables schedule. Conduct technical reviews of subcontractor document submissions, including shop drawings, method statements, bar bending schedules, construction concrete design mixture and construction material approvals to ensure compliance with project specifications
Manage and oversee all aspects of the study, design, and specification requirements for the projects Perform reviews of technical drawings and project specifications for adequacy of Civil design input requirements Actively participate in various project workshops/reviews such as Layout Reviews, 3D Model Reviews/Constructability reviews
Close coordination with Client engineers in order to close any related issues requiring client approval Assist QA, QC, and site construction teams in addressing technical issues and establishing method statements Conduct site inspections to ensure compliance with project codes, specifications, and safety standards. Demonstrate proficiency in managing and executing projects in a fast-paced environment. Responsible for the Punch List Closure related to Engineering Point Of View CAD MANAGER / SUSTAINING TECHNICAL CIVIL ENGINEER
Bouygues Travaux Publics, Inc.
Client: Department of Transportation (DOTR)/Light Rail Transit Authority (LRTA) Projects Undertaken: Extension of Light Rail Transit Line 1 (LRT1) – Cavite Extension Dec 2017 – Jan 2020
Planned, assigned, and reviewed the work of CAD operators and other team members on the design team. Established deadlines, set goals, and determined production standards. Analyzed data and reviewed drawings and plans to ensure the quality of work and project feasibility. Reviewed and approved engineering output for accuracy and correctness. Collaborated with the Technical Manager to address technical issues, training needs, and other CAD system-related matters. Conducted on-site inspections to monitor project progress and ensure compliance with design specifications Ensured the smooth execution of projects within budget and on schedule. Ensured that all projects adhered to legal requirements, particularly in terms of health and safety. Evaluated team members based on their technical skills, performance, and productivity. CIVIL DESIGN COORDINATOR
Sta. Clara International Corporation
Client: Manila Water Company (MWCI)
Projects Undertaken: Design & Construction of 50 MLD Rizal Province Water System Improvement Project Jan 2017 – Oct 2017
Led the civil department staff and CAD operators, ensuring effective collaboration and productivity within the team. Managed and oversaw all aspects of the study, design, and specification of project requirements. Prepared design briefs and design drawings, ensuring accuracy and compliance with project goals. Provided technical assistance, guidance, and support during construction activities to ensure project success. Actively participated in weekly engineering progress meetings and design reviews. Generated status reports as required to keep stakeholders informed. Collaborated closely with the Engineering Manager, Project Managers, and project engineers to ensure precise design and adherence to contract responsibilities.
Liaised with consultants and various engineering disciplines to address design changes and anticipate potential conflicts during project execution.
Coordinated the overall efforts of the engineering design and drafting team. Monitored the production of drawings and ensured timely delivery of deliverables. Reviewed and interpreted client specifications to ensure project alignment with client requirements. CIVIL ENGINEER CUM ENGINEERING COORDINATOR
Arabian BEMCO Contracting Company, LTD.
Client: Saudi Electric Company (SEC)
Projects Undertaken:
I. Project: Riyadh Power Plant No. 10 – Simple & Combined Cycle Project II. Project: Riyadh Power Plant No. 9 Extension-Block C, D & F Location: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Led the civil department staff and CAD operators as a Team Leader. Aug 2006 – Jul
2016
Reviewed design deliverables with design consultants and engineers, ensuring their readiness for submission. Collaborated with the planning engineer to maintain on-time design submissions. Coordinated with the document controller to ensure smooth and accurate flow of design documents. Provided technical input to support procurement and subcontract package awards. Assisted the Structural Engineer in designing and drafting documents. Coordinated with consultants and different engineering disciplines to anticipate and address design conflicts. Supported the construction site by addressing technical queries and design-related issues. Conducted detailed checks of structural concrete engineering drawings and vendor's drawings TRAFFIC ENGINEER/CIVIL ENGINEER July 2005 – Aug 2006 METROPOLITAN MANILA DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY (MMDA)
Client: Metro Manila Municipality (And Nearby Province) Location: Makati City, Philippines
GIS Development Team member, Assigned at the Office of the Assistant General Manager for Planning (OAGMP) Provides technical assistance and in-house training to technical and non-technical MMDA personnel in database management and analysis using GIS
Prepares GIS maps/location plans/vicinity maps/aerial photographs as required by various MMDA offices/units Prepares traffic simulation,3D model design evaluation and analysis of a particular locations Preparation and design of different traffic management plan using AutoCAD Conducts inspection on the field together for proposed projects as well as conducting ocular inspection for future developments together with other agencies
Witness testing of concrete and rebar’s samples.
SKILLS
CAD Proficiency: Mastery of AutoCAD and similar design (Civil 3D, Revit, Tekla) software for precision drafting & design. Blueprint Interpretation: Skill in translating complex architectural plans accurately. Technical Drawing Precision: Creating detailed and accurate technical drawings and schematics. Construction Documentation: Expertise in producing comprehensive project documents. Material and Cost Estimation: Estimating material quantities and project costs effectively. Site Inspection and Surveying: Conducting on-site inspections and survey tasks. Structural Analysis Support: Assisting Designers in structural calculations. Code Compliance: Ensuring designs align with International and local building codes. CAD Software Customization: Ability to customize CAD tools for efficiency. Collaborative Communication: Effective communication within project teams and with clients. Project Management Assistance: Supporting project managers with coordination. Technical Problem Solving: Troubleshooting and resolving design and construction issues. EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering (BSCE) 1998– 2003 University of Batangas - Batangas City
Philippine Licensed Civil Engineer (PRC License Number: 0097566) Professional Regulation Commission, Philippines
Equivalency in Canadian: World Education Services (WES) WES Reference Number: 4513345IMM
Verified International Academic Qualifications Bachelor Degree (Four Years) SEMINARS/TRAININGS ATTENDED
Autodesk Civil 3D
Date: June 2018 – September 2018
Conducted by: MICROCADD Institute of Technology
Location: Cubao, Quezon City, Philippines
TEKLA Structures Intermediate Training Course
June 20 – July 6, 2017
Vibrant Technology Solutions Co.
Quezon City, Philippines
Spool Gen Course
November 26 – 28, 2011
ATHEEB Intergraph Saudi
Location: BEMCO Training Center, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Creating Piping Models With PDS 3D Course
July 23 – 27, 2011
ATHEEB Intergraph Saudi
Location: BEMCO Training Center, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia AutoCAD for the Professional
Sept.20-30, 2004
Crescent Technologies Institute
Advanced Authorized Training Center
Traffic Engineering and Management Course
July 4 -15, 2005
MMDA Traffic Academy Building
Location: Sta Mesa, Manila, Philippines
Autodesk Revit Structure & Architecture
March 18 – May 6, 2018
MICROCADD Institute of Technology
Location: Cubao, Quezon City, Philippines
Smart Plant 3D Designer Series Course
November 13 – 23, 2011
ATHEEB Intergraph Saudi
BEMCO Training Center, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Creating Equipment Model With PDS 3D Course
July 19 - 20, 2011
ATHEEB Intergraph Saudi
Location: BEMCO Training Center, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Structural Analysis &Design Using ETABS & SAFE
July 11, 18, 25, 2008
White Palace Hotel
Location: Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Construction Materials Testing & Inspection
March 14, 21, 28, 2008
White Palace Hotel
Location: Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Contact this candidate