Ted Nordsell
ad8hiv@r.postjobfree.com 479-***-****
Experience

Civil Engineering Observer / Inspector
CEI Engineers
March 2014 — Current
Responsible for estimating projects, facilitating accurate bids, and following through to construction. My unique history has developed my experience as a leader and teammate.
Significant experience in the process of gathering information that will facilitate a correct and accurate bid for construction.
Understanding construction documents, plans, specs, contracts
Bluebeam and Procore software systems
Knowledge of the importance of accurate quantities.
Comparing the request for payment to the contract and bid.
Detailed knowledge of the impact estimates have to the financial success of any project
Excellent history of leading others to form a quality team and complete goals on time
Active in the process of construction projects from the inception to completion.
Willingness to advise and lead a team to success.
the importance of a quality team. Working together to complete a common goal.
Sr. Project Manager
TerCon construction
May 2004 — June 2014 (10 years 1 month)
I began my time at TerCon as a Project manager, promoted to Sr. Project Manager. TerCon Construction was primarily focused on tenant finish out for retail projects. Projects such as Starbucks, Tuesday Morning, T J Max, Gap, Old Navy, Nike, Adidas and Maurices.
Estimated projects and stayed with those projects to completion.
Value Engineering- Meeting specified requirements, with more cost-effective choices.
Gained wisdom and experience understanding project P/L, specifically revenue and profit.
If a project is not correctly bid, being profitable is extremely difficult
Ability to read and digest the specs of any project. Experienced with requirement determination and distilling a clear understanding of the client’s needs to provides our customer with an estimate that will benefit all involved.
Working as a Sr. Project Manager allowed me the honor of teaching co-workers skills and abilities that facilitate their future growth and success.
Designer scope Team
Benchmark Group
June 2000 — March 2004 (3 years 9 months)

Worked for an architecture company scoping Walmart Super Centers, and Division One, stores for remodel. Gathered information, from owner. designed plans and followed through the course of construction. Processed pay applications, tracked quantities, and provided leadership to complete projects. Gathered information for a remodel of the Super Center. Designed a plan set to present to the customer. Onsite visits, as required by jurisdiction.
Owner Operator
Brand Sells Construction,
May 1987 – Current

Own and operate a General Contractor/Remodel business in NW Arkansas. Focused primarily on the construction of Single-family homes, duplex, small commercial projects, and small multifamily projects. Duties included:
Securing financing
Oversight of construction process
Sales and management of properties that were retained
Land development

Financial Manager
Nordsell Family Trust
October 2002 – Current

Manage real estate holdings that were left to my family from my late father.
Manage Single family, duplexes, commercial and undeveloped land.
Present annual reports to remaining family members, facilitate distributions of assets.
Negotiate leases, direct the sale of properties (like kind exchange only), collect rents, coordinate maintenance, schedule for remodel as needed.

Education
Ashford University
Bachelor of Business Administration - BBA, Business, July 2013
Contact this candidate