Timothy W. Cairns
Clarkston MI, ***** 248-***-****
ad8uh4@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/tim-cairns/

Test Engineering Manager
Transforming Complex Problems into Impactful Solutions
Versatile test engineering lab manager that thrives in complex and technical environments. Intellectually curious, dynamic, and creative, and willing to take on any challenge to make a big impact. Expertise in data analysis and reduction for usage in damage analysis and reliability calculations as well as experience leading successful teams. Proficiency in nCode, MTS RPC, NI Labview and Diadem, Vector CAN tools.
Failure Analysis
Data Analysis
Continuous Improvement Process
Dyno, Linear, and Rotary Testing

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Stellantis (Contract through TEC) – Auburn Hills, MI 2022-Present

Development and Validation Engineer Transmissions – 2022-Present
Primary Development and Validation Engineer for 9 Speed Front transmissions.
oPerformed testing at Chrysler Tech Center and Chelsea Proving Grounds
oAttained driving privileges on Chelsea Proving Grounds
oAnalyzed data in ETAS Inca and Proprietary CDA

Primary Development and Validation Engineer for Manual Jeep software issue that impacted overheat of clutch systems during specific events.
oPerformed testing at Chrysler Tech Center
oAnalyzed data in ETAS Inca and Proprietary CDA
oWorked with software engineers to flash and develop software strategies to alleviate issues.

UTAC Testing – Livonia, MI 2019-2022

Project Engineer – 2020-2022
Developed test systems from initiation through installation of multiple test systems for multiple customers.
Managed the purchasing and installation projects for test systems for multiple customers.

Test Engineering Manager - 2019-2022
Managed a team of technicians and engineers to meet and exceed customer expectations in testing products for multiple testing customers.
Developed processes for quoting testing projects and implemented them with multiple testing customers.

Managed testing building at Capitol Street in Livonia, which included 5 test dynos, and the installation of 2 new test dynos.

GKN Driveline -Auburn Hills, MI 2017 to 2018
Senior Development Engineer- Supervisor 2017 to 2018
Developed differential clutch mapping process to develop the calibration of clutch displacement and torque to the differential speeds at different temperatures. Led CAPEX execution, maintenance, and sensor calibration for the test lab.
Managed a team of 4 engineers and technicians.
Developed specifications, quotation, fund acquisition, equipment acquisition, and installation of over $5 million dollars of lab equipment over 2 years.
Increased sensor and machine calibration compliance levels from 68% to over 95%.
Increased machine uptime on dynamometers by over 50% by leading the repair and refurbishment of 2 of the 4 available dynamometers.
Increased the machine uptime on environmental spin machines by over 30% by incorporating an improved process for maintenance and refurbishment.
Completed the GM 9BUX Rear Differential Module clutch mapping project on schedule as the first clutch mapping project in the USA.
Commissioned the first clutch mapping dynamometer in the Americas, on schedule and on budget and developed processes and supporting equipment integration.

American Axle and Manufacturing -Rochester Hills, MI 2003 to 2017
Lead Test Engineer 2012 to 2017
Standardized and optimized test systems to drive continuous improvement activities Led data analysis and test projects.
Led full testing development through launch for a GM Transfer Case program, including dynamometer abuse, dynamic ultimate, shift testing, and component and system fatigue and ultimate testing.
Completed the Leadership Development Program through Harvard University.
Developed lean improvements using MS Access database projects to improve test lab processes.
oStandard Test Setup – Improved setup time by about 20%
oWarehouse – Improved visibility of tested parts, reducing warehouse costs by over $5000/month through increase scrap rates.
oFirst Time Quality – Providing meaningful analysis and visualization for laboratory management

Senior Data Analysis Engineer 2010 to 2012
Worked to test multiple system and component projects through all design process phases. Led data analysis and data acquisition projects to provide reliability comparisons with vehicle data.
Led data acquisition projects at Milford Proving Grounds (GM), Chelsea Proving Grounds (Chrysler), Smithers Proving Grounds Winter Test, and Nevada/California Baker Grade and Death Valley Hot Test facilities for current and future programs for multiple OEMs.

Test Engineer 2003 to 2010
Led real-time testing with a MTS Road Load Simulator (6DOF) and a 2 actuator stabilizer bar testing machine. Led block cycle and abuse testing using linear actuator hydraulic testing using MTS Flextest. Responsible for designing reports that turn data into information.

Commissioned MTS Road Load Simulator (6DOF) and designed, purchased, and integrated support equipment.
ADDITIONAL RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
DaimlerChrysler –Auburn Hills, MI – Test Engineer (2002 to 2003)
Led data acquisition and data reduction/analysis of Dodge Dakota and numerous other programs. Led testing of suspension and chassis components and systems.

Defiance Testing –Troy, MI – Test Engineer (2000 to 2002)
Led real-time testing using MTS Road Load Simulators (4DOF) and 4 post actuators for OEM customers. Worked with customers on developing and editing tests based on damage analysis. Worked with sales and management to quote and bill tests.

EDS –Pontiac, MI – Information Specialist (1995 to 2000)
Completed three phase training program, including “Foundations of Integrated Product Design” course. Managed multiple projects simultaneously and independently.

EDUCATION

Master’s in Business Administration (MBA), UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN, Flint, MI
Master’s of Science & Engineering (MSE), Subject, OAKLAND UNIVERSITY, Rochester Hills, MI
Bachelor of Science & Engineering (BSE), Subject, UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN, Ann Arbor, MI
Contact this candidate