Doug Munnell, P.E.
**** ******** **
Kearney, NE 68845
ad8v8i@r.postjobfree.com
913-***-****
Engineering Manager / Professional Engineer
Resourceful, innovative experience leader focused on solving complex problems in highly competitive environments that demand continuous strategic planning and enhancements. Recognized for ability to negotiate, cut costs, and streamline operations. Experienced in the development and execution of new processes in customer service improvements and building teams that reach the company’s goals and objectives. Licensed professional engineer able to leverage skills in leadership, communication, technology, motivation, and operational excellence in positions that demand and reward excellence. Hands-on manager with unique talents in organization, coordination, and improvement of operations through policies that promote a team- based work atmosphere, creative thinking, and a positive result to the corporate bottom line. Have over 15 years of performance contracting experience working with Energy Service Companies renovating buildings.
Summary of Qualifications
Leadership Engineering MEP Design
Organizing Subcontracting Developing Policies
Problem Solving Budgeting Project Management
Negotiating Mentoring Construction Management
Selected Achievements
Created and developed reports for business customers
Designed multiple MEP/HVAC installations for new and retrofit construction.
Managed the process to develop measures for project budgeting.
Evaluated projects with a customers and business development managers.
Selected to manage projects for clients. Created survey and constructions schedules, tracked the progress, and delivered the project under budget and on time.
Evaluated designs for an aging mechanical systems and specified replacement equipment.
Managed a team that conducted surveys that lead to significant energy savings. 1
Amentum at Ali Dhafi Air Base United Arab Emerates Current Engineering Manager
MEP / HVAC & Piping Design. Manage Mechanical Engineers. Consult with Architects and Engineers. All Air Force building design and renovations. Turner Building Science & Design 2023-2024
Senior Mechanical Engineer
Managed a team of engineers. Consulted with Architects & Engineers Conti Corporation, Rio Rancho, NM 2021-2023
Professional Engineer
Performed MEP/HVAC energy and controls evaluactions and construction
Designed MEP/HVAC projects, Laid off to lack of work HDG, Charlotte, NC 2020-2021
Director of Mechanical Engineering Department
Managed Mechanical engineers and designed MEP/HVAC for new Hospital and retrofits.
VA and private hospitals. Covid-19 related resignation. Valhalla Engineering Group, Littleton, CO 2017-2018 Mechanical Engineer
Evaluate VA facilities for MEP/HVAC design retrofits. Mentor EITs.
Create Reports, Submit Reports, MEP/HVAC Design Construction
Hospital renovations. Resigned for personal reasons. Black & Veatch, Overland Park, KS (for AeroTeck) 2015-2016 Mechanical Engineer 5
Designed Systems (MEP/HVAC for buildings). Write reports capture field data, calculations, review subordinate designs. US Government projects, International Water works projects. Contract ended.
Thornton Tomasetti, Kansas City, MO 2013-2014
Technical Subject Manager
Represented insurance companies, technical subject manager
Review projects with insurance losses. Private Companies, Beef Processing, and UC Santa Barbra Fuel dump. Contract ended.
Nexamp Energy Solutions, North Andover, MA 2010-2012 Senior Energy Manager
Develop energy saving proposals for the Army MEDCOM and MILCON projects who wanted to enter the growing solar market and expand services for energy efficiency and renewable energy solutions
Managed a team of engineers and technicians. All Army MEDCOM projects included ground or roof mounted solar projects. Laid off for lack of work. Chevron Corporation, Overland Park, KS 2002-2009
Project Manager III
Developed energy savings proposals and coordinated with in-house design engineers and design consultants for energy service performance contracting projects
Managed construction projects at universities and public commercial facilities
Reviewed and tested all new project management software and developed training and referencemanuals accordingly. Managed numerous construction projects. K-12, College, City Government, State Government. Laid off with 36 other Engineers. CMS Energy, Overland Park, KS Purchased by Chevron 200*-****-**** Project Manager II
Managed projects and designed energy saving retrofits, wrote proposals, reports, and specifications for energy service performance contracting projects. K-12, College, City Government, State Government Projects
Viron Energy Solutions, Overland Park, KS Purchased by CMS Energy 200*-****-**** Project Manager I
Wrote energy savings proposals and designed various energy conservation
K-12, College, City Government, State Government Projects Education
Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineering, University of Kansas, Lawrence, KS Certifications
Licensed Professional Engineer: AR, CO, FL, KS, MA, MO, NC, NH, NM, OK, SC, TX Software Trane Trace, Carrier HAP, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Bluebeam Revu, AutoCad, Some Revit 2
Contact this candidate