CURRICULUM VITAE
M.Khaja Moinuddin
Construction Manager
: ****-767-***-****
: admnbc@r.postjobfree.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE
To motivate the work force and to work as a team in order to achieve the goal set by the management. To develop a busyness excellence model for sustaining innovation. Position requiring innovative, challenging employment in the field of civil engineering, construction that will utilize my education and skills.
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
B.Tech in civil engineering Aloknandauniversity,Uttarakhand,India. Diploma in civil engineering Board of Technical Education, Banglore, Karnataka – India.
COMPUTER SKILLS
Auto CAD : Any Version for All Engineering Drawings. WORK EXPERIENCE
Total 20 years work experience in Dubai (U.A.E.). Holding UAE Valid Driving License. Trakhees CED Accreditation approved Engineer
Trakheas EHS MSAP approved Engineer
Company Name Designation Duration Location
Dynamic Engineering co,llc. Construction manager 2014 – Apr 2021 Dubai Arab Tec construction llc. Construction manager 2011– 2014(Nov) Dubai Co.
System Construct llc. Project Engineer 2002 -2011, 10 Years Dubai JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Project execution and completion of the project as per the scheduled timelines
Plan and Supervise a Construction projects from start to finish
Organize and oversee construction procedures and ensure they are completed in a timely and efficient manner.
Manage project activities right from mobilization, structures, finishes, snagging to complete handing over stage to execution involving procurement, manpower, planning, scheduling, work allocation & utilization, progress monitoring, reporting and site management in timely manner.
Set the goal will be to ensure all projects are delivered on time according to requirements and without exceeding budget.
Collaborate with engineers, architects etc. to determine the specifications of the project
coordinate a team of professionals of different disciplines to achieve the best results
Ability to work under pressure and handling the activities independently.
Rotation of manpower, materials and equipment’s.
Negotiate contracts with external vendors to reach profitable agreements
Following and Obtain NOC"s & permits and licenses from Consultant and appropriate authorities
Determine needed resources (manpower, equipment and materials) from start to finish with attention to budgetary limitations
Plan all construction operations and schedule intermediate phases to ensure deadlines will be met
Acquire equipment and material and monitor stocks to timely handle inadequacies
Hire Sub contractors and other staff and allocate responsibilities
Supervise the work of Manpower, mechanics and equipment etc. and give them guidance when needed
Evaluate progress and prepare detailed reports
Ensure adherence to all health and safety standards and report issues
Reviewing the drawings at an early stage and preparation of RFIs to ensure queries are sorted
communication and negotiation skills
organizational and time-management skills
Execution, Bills checking, Quality checking, documentation like daily tracking MOM preparation, Progress tracking, delay status preparation, Status reports, In charge of entire project.
Coordination with the management, development and planning of the construction works on site.
Plan, schedule, study and execution of the site works as per the latest approved drawings, specifications and to the required quality, safety, time where construction meets all contractual requirements in the most, cost effective and efficient manner.
Manage and organize the construction site (Logistic, material, people).
Obtain approval from Consultant’s, CED Trakhees and Dubai Municipality for each of the structural components activity.
Arrange material and machinery in advance as per the program of works and using them in most economical way by optimum usage within a stipulated time and budget.
Direct work sequencing to expedite project delivery and to minimize disruption of ongoing operations, and Plan the resources.
Plan and schedule daily, weekly, monthly program for site activities, monitoring the main program, strict compliance on target dates.
Arrange weekly meetings between various subcontractors and site staff to address the issues related to progress, pending approvals and technical issues to understand the problems affecting the work progress, to discuss all possible remedial measures and to create a health working environment with all construction disciplines to assist in the project delivery on time.
To ensure management’s health, safety rules and regulations (HSE), Quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) procedures are communicated to the workforce and enforced at site.
Prepare & submit daily, weekly and monthly work progress reports and maintain documentation works of all correspondences in timely manner.
Nomination of subcontractors, coordinating their works, and preparing their monthly bills.
Liaise with supervision, management, surveying, planning, safety, quality and commercial team and provide them with information as required.
Distribution of work to engineers foreman’s, pushing and monitoring the work get the good productivity of work.
Calculating the quantities from the drawing and making requisition for materials to purchase dept, following and getting the LPO from office.
Following materials supplier to deliver the materials at site to avoid delay in work.
Arranging weekly progress and co ordination meeting with consultant and sub Contractors
Reporting, following instructions of PM.
Projects Carried Out In Dubai, U.A.E.
1. Presently worked for B+G+4P+38 floors Residential and Commercial building at JVT 2. B+G +4P+10 floor Residential and commercial building project at Jumeirah village circle, and 8 no Deluxe villas at palm Jumeirah frond G&F
3. G+4P+20 floors Residential and commercial building project at JVC 4. Client Dubai properties Commercial park 2 basements +G+4P+ 48 floors three wings office tower at DIFC near trade Centre, Dubai.
5. G+4P+15 floors Residential and commercial building at Silicon Oasis 6. Dutco Belferbetty office building G+2 floors, at Jebel Ali indst area-2. 7 Enoc filling station & Food court, at Jebel Ali Free Zone. 8 Adpico commercial Pipes factory,G+2 floor office building, at Musaffa indst area, Abu Dhabi 9. Mohammed Al Makhavi trading warehouses 4 no, office building G+1 floor, at Al Quos indst 10. Discount Centre Shopping Mall part, at Sharjah 11. Soap factory 8 no steel structural building ware houses and office building G+1, at Jebel Ali 12 . Staff accommodation G+4 floors at Al qous indst area 13. Al nakhhel,for 600villas project at Jumeirah village circle 14. Ladies club and gymnasium building G+2 floors, at Jumeirah. 15. .Residential building G+8 floors, at Dubai International city. PERSONAL PROFILE
I am energetic, enthusiastic and zealous person, with a passion of learning and dealing with people. Over a period of time I have developed a sense of responsibility towards my duties. I am trained to task completion within a specific period of time at the same time keeping cool and relaxed with high personal integrity and able to relate to and create trust in all. Highly articulate, confident and persuasive team builder, able to motivate and communicate to achieve exceptional performance. PERSONAL DETAILS
Name : Mohammed KhajaMoinuddin
Gender : Male.
Marital Status : Married.
Nationality : Indian.
Languages Known : English, Urdu, Hindi and Telugu.
. Driving Licens : India and UAE Valid Driving License.
(MOHAMMED KHAJA MOINUDDIN)
Contact this candidate