Greg P. Chapman
admoeg@r.postjobfree.com
314-***-****

Employment History

Directly after completing my high education, I served six years in the U.S. Army. My MOS was a Construction Utility Worker, and I was assigned to a Combat Engineering Brigade. I was discharged as a Sergeant (Operations NCO) with an honorable discharge and the Army Commendation Medal.

I then went to work as a Machine Operator in the Manufacturing Sector at Ramsey Corporation (Perfect Circle) and was a member of the International Association of Machinists Union. I worked full time while attending college on a full-time basis, completing an engineering degree that I started while I was in the U.S. Army. I quickly advanced to a lead person position and was then promoted into a Manufacturing Engineering position. I was responsible for Manufacturing and Environmental Engineering and Health & Safety requirements.

After six years of employment, I was in quest of new challenges and took a Manufacturing Engineering position in the automobile industry with Automobile Specialty Corporation commuting from St. Louis to Southgate, Michigan several times per week. After six months of employment, the President of the corporation, selected me to be a member of an elite team of employees, responsible for traveling to a variety of states to setup new manufacturing plants for new contract requirements with companies such as Ford, Chrysler, G.M., Toyota etc. Once we had the plant(s) in operation, I would train employees on the manufacturing and quality control processes. I was also on call 24 hours a day and required to evaluate and correct any internal plant problems and travel to a variety of our client’s automobile assembly plants to troubleshoot and resolve issues that they encountered from parts that we supplied to them. As a resident of St. Louis, I was assigned the responsibility to oversee three manufacturing plants in the St. Louis area whenever I was not commuting out of state for other requirements. I was based out of the Plant we setup on Tree Court Industrial Drive. I was responsible for all the Maintenance, Manufacturing and Environmental Engineering, Health & Safety Responsibilities, Worker’s Compensation and Loss Prevention requirements.

After five years of employment, I was offered a very prestigious management position at the corporate level that required me to relocate to Michigan. I was honored, eager and ready to go. Unfortunately, my wife at the time was not and my daughter was just six months old. With great regret (even to this day) I declined the position. Shortly thereafter, we fulfilled our contracts and closed the St. Louis plants. This required me to commute to Michigan and other states on a constant basis. Tired of commuting and being away from my family, I began seeking other employment.

GPCemployment

I took a Manufacturing Engineering position with FASCO Motor Industries. After two years of employment, I was promoted to a Facilities Engineering Manager position, responsible for the Maintenance, Manufacturing, Facilities and Environmental Engineering, Health & Safety Responsibilities, Worker’s Compensation and Loss Prevention requirements, for their plant located in St. Clair, Missouri.

I worked there for eleven years and was eager to expand the use of my education, knowledge, and experience. In 1998, I decided to start my consulting business, utilizing the expertise, knowledge, and experience that I had gained throughout my career, involving my responsibilities associated with Environmental Engineering, Health & Safety Responsibilities, Worker’s Compensation and Loss Prevention requirements.
Competent in all necessary trades (Engineering electricity, plumbing, welding, carpentry, masonry, roofing, equipment maintenance & etc.)

Since then, I have been fortunate and blessed that the application of my education, expertise and professional services has allowed me to develop an established twenty-three-year-old business that has a respectable rapport and good reputation with my clients, regulatory control agencies and a variety of insurance companies. I have been honored and elated to be the guest speaker for seminars sponsored by insurance companies. They offer these seminars to their clients, to educate them on the benefits associated with some of the methodologies that I have developed and implemented throughout the years pertaining to OSHA, DNR and EPA compliance issues and Worker’s Compensation issues commonplace with businesses in the commercial and manufacturing sector.

I have and continue to keep all my clientele in compliance with all regulatory requirements. This includes the development of the respective company policies and training materials to the administration and monitoring of programs and the training of all employees. The development, implementation, and administration of wastewater treatment systems.

I am also a 1st Aid / CPR / AED Instructor and a Certified Director of Ergonomics. Certified in a variety of OSHA, DNR and EPA disciplines.

Concurrent to starting my own business, I was employed at the Ramada Inn at Six Flags in Eureka Missouri from 1999 – 2008. I started as a Front Desk Representative and advanced to the position of Assistant Hotel Manager. I was directly involved with all aspects of the hotel from a “hands on” and management perspective. (Supplemental Income)

I have the immediate pre-requisite knowledge, expertise, and experience to immediately and effectively fulfil the requirements of a valuable team player for your EHS, Environmental Engineering and Loss Prevention requirements.
Contact this candidate