NAME: Benard Adingo Odera
DATE OF BIRTH: ****
EXPERIENCE: 8 years
NATIONALITY: Kenyan
Phone: 079*******
Email Address: admot9@r.postjobfree.com

KEY QUALIFICATIONS FOR THIS ASSIGNMENT
An experienced engineering manager with skills in coordinating various stakeholders, technical design support, project management as well as technical supervision of the various water and sanitation projects.

Country experience:
-Kenya
-Somalia

Specialties:
-Water and Sanitation
-Environment
-Programmes Management

The details of these assignments are in the section that follows.

Assignment Name, Client, Location and Date
Description Of Assignment
Role Played
WREN INTERNATIONAL
MAY 2019 – PRESENT
NAIROBI
Tasked with management of the various water and civil projects from design review to implementation and handed over.

Projects Undertaken
•Drilling and equipping of 9 boreholes for the county government of Homabay.
•Design and construction of an elevated steel water tank for the lake basin authority in Kisumu, Kenya.
•Hydrogeological survey for the Nyasinyono borehole project on behalf of the AIC Health Ministries
•Design and construction of a 125,000 cm water pan for the Turkana county Government.

Engineering Manager
ADRA KENYA

April 2017 to April 2020
Nairobi/Kitui/Mwingi
Tasks Under this role Michael
Developing drought resilient and climate change projects which included borehole drilling and equipping
•Designed and managed a cluster of boreholes for the organization.
•Offered technical advisory and developed sectorial work plans to the Programmes department through technical support and trainings.
•Liaised with the various government line ministries as well as counties to ensure the projects are in line with the government

Water and Sanitation Specialist
Osiligi Charity
January 2016 to March 2017

Kitui, Siaya, Homabay, Makindu, Voi and Oloitoktok
Responsibilities Included:
Provided technical leadership on the Kenyan WASH project which specifically targeted Kitui, Siaya, Homabay, Makindu, Voi and Oloitoktok.
Mentored and managed the junior WASH staff through regular appraisals and as well as offering technical advisory.
Successfully implemented the WASH project within the set timelines and budget.
Developed tools for monitoring and evaluation for the project as well as the documenting lessons learnt.

On this role, Michael oversaw the restoration of 300 water points pipelines inclusive resulting to over 2,000 households accessing water.

WASH Specialist
GERMAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (KFW)
NAIROBI, KENYA

April 2013 to August 2013

•I was involved in the development of the feasibility study for the proposed Nairobi water bulk supply pipeline.
•I assisted the project coordinator in the review of the designs submitted by the contractors.
•I updated the various stakeholders on monthly basis through a technical brief.

project assistant - water projects

EDUCATION
Institution
Qualification
South Eastern Kenya University
BSc. Environmental management 2019
South eastern Kenya university
Master's Degree – mineral exploration and processing-ongoing

EMPLOYMENT RECORD
Employer
From
To
Position held
WREN INTERNATIONAL
May 2019
To date
Engineering Manager
ADRA KENYA
April 2017
April 2020
Water and Sanitation Specialist
Osiligi Charity
January 2016
March 2017
WASH Specialist
German Development Bank (Kfw)
April 2013
August 2013
PROJECT ASSISTANT - WATER PROJECTS
Contact this candidate