*/*
Curriculum Vitae
Abdul Sami Mohammed
Sr. Electrical Engineer
Mobile No: +971-*********
Email: admpdf@r.postjobfree.com
Career Objective:
Seeking a challenging role with reputed organization in a standardized engineering environment where my resourceful experience and academic skills will add value to organization successful operation and development.
Career Summary:
A professionally qualified Electrical Engineer with 14 years of extensive experience in designing, supervision & execution of several projects such as residential, commercial, hotel, malls, mosque, industrial and infrastructure projects in gulf region and obtain approvals/ noc from authorities. Proactive Engineer with good experience at project coordination, design review in conformance with project drawings, specifications, schedules, cost estimates, budgets, vendor management and supervision.
An effective communicator with good learning and relationships managing skills EDUCATION QUALIFICATION / CERTIFICATIONS
Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech.) in Electrical & Electronics Engineering from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, INDIA – (www.jntuh.ac.in) in the year 2002 – 2006. Certificate Equivalency of B. Tech. from Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research - UAE Electrical Wiring Regulation Course E1 Pass/ Approved from ADQCC (QCC) ADQCC (QCC) Approved Electrical Engineer with Certificate No. QAD2021.25139.02.PSENG Diploma Course in MEP Design – (Electrical, HVAC, Plumbing and Fire Fighting) from M/s.CAD ODYSIS, Hyderabad, INDIA – (www.meptraining.com)
Diploma Training Course in PMP – (Project Management Professional) from M/s. Chicago Institute for Management Training, Dubai, UAE – (www.chicagomti.com) Diploma Training Course for IOSH from M/s. Aspire Middle East Training Institute, Abu Dhabi Basic First Aid and Basic Fire fighting Course Training From Emirates Technical & Safety Development Centre, Abu Dhabi, UAE
2/7
Work Experience (14 Years Gulf Experience)
Organization: Buildcon Contracting, Abu Dhabi - UAE Designation: Sr. Electrical Engineer / Projects – From July. 2019 to till date. Projects :
Residential Bldg. For Eisa Saeed Eisa Al Khaili, Sadiyat Island, Abu Dhabi 2G+G+10+R – 3 Towers
Consultant: M/s. GA Arch. and Engineers
Masdar Institute Solar Platform, Masdar City, Abu Dhabi Consultant: M/s. Azeleo
Mangrove Park, Al Jubail Island, Abu Dhabi
Consultant: M/s. SEREX & M/s. GHD Consultant
Hudayriat Island Beach, Sports Village & Infrastructure Development Works, Abu Dhabi Consultant: M/s. SALFCO & M/s. GHD Consultant
Roles and Responsibilities:
Reporting to the Projects Manager and ensure smoothly progress of projects
Managing/ supervise for all Electrical related works, for the assigned projects which includes drawings and material approval from consultants and ADDC, site monitoring and site follow ups for its progress.
Obtaining Material approvals and work done approval from Consultants.
Support/ supervise design team to perform load calculations, voltage drop, power factor correction calculation, cable sizing calculation, transformer and generator sizing etc.,
Manage /Prepare shop drawings, SLD, Material Submittals for consultant/ADDC approval.
Manage /Prepare substation layout drawings for Consultant /ADDC approval.
Manage/ supervise work on site including all activities and manpower, planning and scheduling of electrical work as per civil works.
Attending site progress meetings with project team, consultant & site project management.
Follow up with purchase department to ensure for timely delivery of material at site.
Ensure work is executed according to contract specifications, approved drawings, agreed procedures and as per method of statements.
Ensure that work is carried out with Quality, Health Safety Environmental and Sustainability regulations.
Coordinating with civil, mechanical and system subcontractors for smoothly progress of projects.
Liaison with Client, Consultant, system suppliers and ADDC for Approvals and all project related issues.

Organization: M/s. Pillars Electromechanical, Abu Dhabi - UAE Designation: Sr. Electrical Engineer/ Projects – From Jan. 2018 to May 2019 Projects :
Rainbow Stores - Plot No. 7A1, Mussafah Industrial (14 Warehouses, Office Bldg. and Substations) Consultant: M/s. Al Reef Engineering Consultant
Rainbow Stores - Plot No. 8A1, Mussafah Industrial (12 Warehouses, Office Bldg. and Substations) Consultant: M/s. Al Reef Engineering Consultant
2B+G+M+9+R Residential Bldg.
Consultant: M/s. Jordanian Consulting
3/7
Roles and Responsibilities:
Reporting to the Operational Manager and ensure smoothly progress of projects
Managing for all MEP related works, for the assigned projects which includes drawings and material approval from consultants and ADDC, site monitoring and site follow ups for its progress.
Obtaining drawings approvals and NOC for all the in hand projects from ADDC.
Perform Electrical Engineering design such as load calculations, voltage drop, power factor correction calculation, cable sizing calculation, transformer and generator sizing etc.,
Manage /Prepare shop drawings, SLD, Material Submittals for consultant/ADDC approval.
Manage /Prepare substation layout drawings for Consultant /ADDC approval.
Manage work on site including all activities and manpower, planning and scheduling of MEP work as per civil works.
Attending site progress meetings with project team, consultant & site project management.
Follow up with purchase department to ensure for timely delivery of material at site.
Ensure work is executed according to contract specifications, approved drawings, agreed procedures and as per method of statements.
Coordinating with civil, mechanical and system suppliers/subcontractors for smoothly progress of projects & Ensure HSEQ procedure are implemented.
Liaison with Client, Consultant, system suppliers and ADDC for Approvals and all project related issues.
.
Familiar with ADDC Regulation and requirement for its approval procedure, inspection and power supply.

Organization: M/s. Emirate Al Ghad Technical Contracting - UAE Designation: Sr. Electrical Engineer/ MEP Projects – From May 2016 to Nov. 2017 Projects :
2B+G+2P+14+R Residential Bldg., Sharjah, UAE
Consultant: M/s. Pioneer Engineers
G+5P+15+R Residential Bldg., Sharjah, UAE
Consultant: M/s. Orchid Engineering
Roles and Responsibilities:
Reporting to the Projects Manager and ensure smoothly progress of projects
Managing all MEP related works, for the assigned projects which includes drawings and material approval from consultants and SEWA, site monitoring and site follow ups for its progress.
Responsible for obtaining drawings approvals and NOC for all the in hand projects from SEWA.
Perform Electrical Engineering design such as load calculations, voltage drop, power factor correction calculation, cable sizing calculation, transformer and generator sizing etc.,
Manage /Prepare shop drawings, SLD, Material Submittals for consultant/SEWA approval.
Manage /Prepare substation layout drawings for Consultant /SEWA approval.
Manage work on site including all activities and manpower, planning and scheduling of MEP work as per civil works.
Attending site progress meetings with project team, consultant & site project management.
Follow up with purchase department to ensure for timely delivery of material at site.
Ensure work is executed according to contract specifications, approved drawings, agreed procedures and as per method of statements.
Coordinating with civil, mechanical and system suppliers/subcontractors for smoothly progress of projects.
Liaison with Client, Consultant suppliers and SEWA for Approvals and all project related issues.
Responsible for Cost Estimation of MEP Works, for major projects received from Client/Consultant.
Preparation of Preliminary estimation, Budget estimation, detailed estimation and variations
Preparation of List of Technical Queries for Consultant Clarification.
Visiting site / attending pre-bid meetings
Familiar with SEWA Regulation and requirement for its approval procedure, inspection and power supply 4/7
Organization: M/s. Al Khanezi Electro Mechanical Contracting, Abu Dhabi, UAE Designation: Sr. Electrical Engineer – From April 2014 to March 2016 Projects :
3 Mosque in Khalifa City, Abu Dhabi
Main Contractor: M/s. Arabtech
Shabath Plaza – Shopping Mall, Al Ain
Consultant: M/s. Bainona Engineering Consultant
Dynatrade Services Workshop, Abu Dhabi
Consultant: M/s. Chawla Engineering Consultant
Roles and Responsibilities:
Reporting to the Projects Manager and ensure smoothly progress of projects
Review contract scope of work, Civil and MEP drawings and project specification along with schedule / program of work.
Responsible for obtaining drawings approvals and NOC for all the in hand projects from ADDC.
Perform Electrical Engineering design such as load calculations, voltage drop, power factor correction calculation, cable sizing calculation, transformer and generator sizing etc.,
Assign and assist draftsman in preparing of shop drawings, substation layouts, as built obtain approval from consultant.
Manage work on site including all activities and manpower, planning and scheduling of MEP work as per civil works
Ensure the MEP work carried out is as per approved drawings and within the time frame and progress of the approved / agreed construction program.
Attending site progress meetings with project team to discuss the progress of work along with consultant & site project management.
Follow up with purchase department to ensure for timely delivery of material at site.
Coordinating with civil, mechanical and system subcontractors for smoothly progress of projects.
Liaison with Client, Consultant, Suppliers and Authorities for Approvals and all project related issues.
Ensure work is executed according to contract specifications, approved drawings, agreed procedures as per method of statements and carried out in as safe working environment by implementing mandatory HSEQ procedures.
Cost Estimation of MEP works for tender projects and prepares budget for in hand projects.
Coordinating / negotiating with system specialist or suppliers

Organization: M/s. Saudi Binladin Group, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Designation: Electrical Engineer/Projects Coordinator – From April 2012 to March 2014 Project: King Abdullah Financial District – 3B+G+2P+28 F+R Multi Story Commercial Bldg. 5B+G+4P+37 F+R Residential Tower
Roles and Responsibilities:
Ensuring close monitoring for all MEP work on site, Liaising and following up with all concern parties and authorities to facilitate the smooth handing of the project.
Review shop drawings, as built drawings, material submittals, method of statement prior submission for consultant approval.
Receiving / action Request for Information (RFI) related MEP works submit it to the consultant and review the responses for adequacy.
Attending technical meeting with Client & contractors.
Advice Planning Engineer and Resident Engineer of any slippage of progress related to site activities and recommended rectifications.
Liaising with all concerned parties, Client, Contractors, and authorities for all project related issues. 5/7
Assist the Resident Engineer in all Technical issues of the project.
Coordinating and supervise the work of all MEP activities and ensure the smooth operations of projects.
Ensure work is executed according to contract specifications, approved drawings, agreed procedures as per method of statements and carried out in as safe working environment by implementing mandatory HSEQ procedures.
Follow up the construction work at site and lead supervision site teams/sub contractors.
Witness testing and commissioning of the executed projects works.

Organization: M/s. Al Suwaidi & Shams Gen. Contracting, Abu Dhabi, UAE Designation: Electrical Engineer – From April 2009 to March 2012 Projects :
Commercial Building for Ms. Mariam Mohammed Juma al Shamsi (B+G+M+7 FL.+R) Consultant: M/s White Line Engineering – Abu Dhabi
Commercial Building for Mr. Haaza Naseer Bin Saweed (2B+G+12 FL.+R) Consultant: M/s City Plan Consultant – Abu Dhabi
Commercial and Residential Bldg. for Mr. Khamis Qaran Al Mansouri (G+M+7 FL.+R) Consultant: M/s Arch. & Planning Group – Abu Dhabi
Commercial and Residential Bldg. for Mr. Saeed Ali Hamed Al Kitby (G+M+7 FL.+R) Consultant: M/s Egyptian Emirates – Abu Dhabi
Commercial & Residential Bldg. for Mr. Saleh Mubarak Awad Menhaly (G+M+7 FL.+R) Consultant: M/s Abu Dhabi Concept Engineers
Commercial and Residential Bldg. for Mr. Hamad Taresh Obied Rashed (G+M+7 FL.+R) Consultant: M/s National Engineering Bureau – Abu Dhabi
Mr. Mohd. Salem Rashed Obaid Al Mansouri – Villas = 6 No., Abu Dhabi Consultant: M/s Meera Engineering Consultant, Abu Dhabi
Mr. Sultan Saleem Rashid Al Mansouri – Villas = 6 No., Abu Dhabi Consultant: M/s Mount Blue, Abu Dhabi
Twin villas (Villas = 14 No., Substation) – CMW, Sharjah
SASCO Factory
Roles and Responsibilities:
Reporting to the MEP Manager
Responsible for all Electrical related works for the assigned projects which includes drawings and material approval from consultants and ADDC, site follow ups for its progress and site supervision.
Responsible for obtaining drawings approvals and NOC for all the projects from ADDC.
Familiar with ADDC Regulation and its requirement for approval procedure, inspection and power supply.
Participate in preparation of the Project Estimates, Budget, Value Engineering and Project Control Plan.
Conduct the Engineering design, technical review, evaluation of tender bids and review of technical submittals as related in Electro Mechanical aspects in Electrical distribution.
Perform Electrical Engineering design such as load calculations, voltage drop, power factor correction calculation, cable sizing calculation, transformer and generator sizing etc.,
Assign and assist draftsman in preparing of electrical shop drawings, substation layouts, as built.
Handle procurement activities relating to contracts and sub contracts in accordance with company’s policy and procedure.
6/7
Invite quotations, evaluation and procurement of various electrical equipments/materials as required.
Coordinating / negotiating with system specialist or suppliers.
Assist the MEP Manager in preparation of sub contract agreements / letter of Intent.
Review and evaluate technical submittals and shop drawings prior to submission to consultant/clients according to required project standards.
Manage work on site including all activities and manpower allocation, planning and scheduling of Electrical work as per civil works.
Attending site progress meetings with project team, Consultant & Site project management.
Follow up with purchase department to ensure for timely delivery of material at site.
Ensure work is executed according to contract specifications, approved drawings, agreed procedures and as per method of statements.
Coordinating with civil, mechanical and system suppliers/subcontractors for smoothly progress of projects.
Ensure Compliance with Quality, Health Safety, Environmental and Sustainability regulations.
Liaison with ADDC, Client, Consultant and Suppliers for Approvals and all project related issues.

Organization: M/s. Al Rowaad Electromechanical LLC, Dubai, UAE Designation: Electrical Engineer – From April 2007 to Feb. 2009 Projects:
Commercial Office Building (2B+G+7+R), Dubai Internet City Consultant: M/s. Ian and Banham & Associates
Hotel Apartment Building (2B+G+9+R), Marina, Dubai Consultant: M/s. City Plan Engineering
Roles and Responsibilities:
Reporting to the Sr. Electrical Engineer
Responsible for all electrical related site works for the projects assign includes but not limited to quantity take off, variation submission, site supervision and material arrangement.
Study / aware of the IFC drawings, project specification and tender document.
Take off actual quantities and submit MR to HO thru Senior Electrical Engineer / PM.
Supervising, leading and co-ordination of supervisor’s, Foreman’s for the field installation works to meet the Contractual date.
Site supervision during installation of Containment (PVC & GI), Lighting & Power wiring, DB Dressing, LV Power Cable Installation, LV Switchgear & ELV system as per the consultant approved drawing.
Installation work to be executed as per the approved shop drawings/material and also used approved method statement and complying with DEWA regulations.
Site installation works are to be inspected and approved by the consultant as out lined in our PQP
(Project Quality Plan) in coordination with QA/QC engineer at site.
Coordination with subcontractor work and all installation are to be coordinated with other services.
Report the work progress to Senior Engineer for timely submission to projects Manager.
Preparation of as built drawings and preparation of variations.
Perform other projects related duties as per the instruction given by Senior Electrical Engineer.
Ensure Compliance with Quality, Health Safety, Environmental and Sustainability regulations.
Involved in cost estimation for the projects.
Preparation of Preliminary estimation, Budget estimation, detailed estimation and variations
Preparation of List of Technical Queries/RFI’s for Tender as well as for In hand projects.
Visiting site / attending pre-bid meetings.
Familiar with DEWA and its regulations and requirements. 7/7
SKILLS
Specialized for fast & accurate project supervision/execution for large scale projects, with core field experience in electrical engineering, fully exposure to sophisticated projects electrical designs as per international electrical design and construction standards, also having deep knowledge in the field of Project Estimation and Quantity Surveying for Tendering.
Good communication, leadership qualities, Cash flow, Cost Management and organizational skills.
Solid knowledge of MEP specialized in electrical engineering in building construction. Initializing, planning, executing, monitor & control, finally completing of projects and maintenance.
Team building, possess analytical ability, communication and coordination skills.
Prepare monthly reports, comparison charts and manuals if required have the proficiency in safe operations of process units.
Identify subcontracting works and prepare subcontractors scope of work.
Plan, prepare and finalize BOQ.
Construction supervision of MEP/Infrastructure projects and its installation
Possess knowledge & experience with the local Authorities and the work procedure.
Prioritising and planning work activities, uses time efficiently and develops realistic action plans.
MS Office (Word, Excel & Power Point), Revit MEP and AutoCAD skills. PERSONAL INFORMATION
Date of Birth : 18th May, 1983
Nationality : Indian
Religion : Islam / Muslim
Passport Number : N2787527 (Renewed & Valid till 2026)
Visa Status : Employment
Driving Licence : Valid UAE Driving Licence With Own Car
Marital Status : Married (Dependant = 4 No.)
Languages Known : English, Urdu, Telugu and Hindi
Mobile No. : +971-********* / +91-996******* (Country No.)
Covid 19 : Vaccinated, implementing safety & awareness, precautionary measures I hereby declare that the above information is true and accurate to the best of my knowledge. Abdul Sami Mohammed
Sr. Electrical Engineer
Contact this candidate