COLLINS UGWUEGBULAM
(080********)
Email Address: admvou@r.postjobfree.com

N.I.S.P, OSHA, ISO9001, STCW, OTF, ISPS, B.Sc, NEBOSH IGC 123, NEBOSH
Process Safety Management (PSM)
No 2 Amadosun close, Anu crescent Badore, Ajah, Lagos.

OBJECTIVES AND GOALS

To ensure a generic operation are carried out via risk assessment, hazard identification and control measures as well as effective safety supervision of workers and site inspection in health and safety
Ensuring safety tracking matrix in documentation of reporting system are adequate
Ensuring high standard reputation of the organization via zero incident, zero injury, zero equipment damage, zero material lost as well as zero environmental pollution
Ensuring high standard of organizational leading factors [key performance indicators] is followed via enforcement of safety perimeters, follow up and control.
MAJOR OBJECTIVES
Ensuring a robust HSE management plan is adequate and use for every project.
Ensuring robust standard operational procedures meets up with project specification.
Ensuring a robust project risk assessment
Ensuring a robust emergency procedures are adequate and also in line with the project specification.
Ensuring standard HSE documentation of the organization is adequate and also meets up ISO standard.
Ensuring that the 0rganization meets up all Local, State and Federal regulatory compliances.

SKILLS IN HSE:

Oil and gas industry

Construction

Maritime industry

Haulage and logistics

PERSONALDATA
Sex: Male

Marital Status: Married

Religion: Christianity

Language Spoken: English/Igbo/ Rivers Local Language

INSTITUTION ATTENDED WITHDATE:
Umuebe /Eziala Primary School, 1984 –1990
Government Secondary School Kpite Tai 1991 –1997
Rivers State University of Science & Technology 2002 -- 2007

TRAINING/ PROGRAMMES:

Diploma in H.S.E via University of Education, Port Harcourt
Nigeria Institute of Safety Professional (N.I.S.P) Level 111
Occupational Safety and Health Academy of USA (OSHA) Safety Management, Supervision & Leadership.
Oil and Gas Safety Management (OSHA).
Oil Spill Clean Up (OSHA).
Standardization of International Organization (ISO9001internal auditor) QMS.
Standard of training, certification and watch keeping (STCW).
Basic Oil and Chemical Tanker Cargo Operation (OTF).
Crew Awareness Training (ISPS).
NEBOSH International General Certificate 123
NEBOSH Process safety management. (PSM)

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY:
Microsoft Word
Microsoft Excel
Power Point

WORK EXPERIENCE

COMPANY
POSITION
SITE
DURATION
Spie Nig Ltd
HSE Officer
OML 58 Total Upgrade Projects. Obagi

2010 - 2013
Onshore Construction International Ltd

HSE Supervisor
Dangote Fertilizer Project
.(Supervised by Saipem) Ibeju lekki Lagos

2016 – Nov 2018
China Chemical Engineering Construction Company (CC - 7)

HSE Lead
Construction of Dangote Refinery Crude Distillation Unit (CDU)

Dangote Oil Refinery Project, Lagos

2018 – Jan 2019
Cakasa Nigeria Company

HSE Lead
LPG & PMS Tank construction at Promenade Site, Rain Oil

Feb 2019-Oct 2019
ITB Nig Ltd

HSE (MEP) Coordinator
Azuri Towers, Eko Atlantic Victoria Island Lagos
Dec 2019 till date

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:

Developing and executing health and safety plan in a work place according to meet up legal guidelines.
Preparing and enforcing safety policies so as to establish a good culture in health and safety.
Evaluating practices, procedures so as review our performances.
Monitor and control organizational quality, standards and progress expectation in health and safety.
Ensure quality health and safety reporting system is followed in other to synchronized organizational quality.
Prepare Educational training and seminar within the organization in other to have a robust health and safety management system.
Prepare quarterly emergency evacuation drill of the company.
Monthly health and safety management meeting so as to redress organizational non conformities and seek for review.
Conduct weekly health and safety site inspection so as to identify site hazards and control measures.
Ensure waste disposals and environmental management system is followed sequentially within the organization.
Co-ordinate quarterly health and safety audit so as to review our organizational performance and weakness and seek for review.
Prepare organizational work related procedures so as to avoid hazardous operation and to protect workers relating to health and safety.
Conduct and prepare operational risk assessment of the organization and also seek for review in other to avoid work related injuries.
Ensure that the emergency equipment are certified, calibrated, minted and well positioned within strategic area of the company.
Co-ordinate tool box meeting.
Ensure that every worker is inducted for the job.
Conduct daily inspection on project site and to ensure compliance with safe operating procedures.
Ensure safe operating envelopes are adequately followed.
Ensure that gas cylinders are properly secured for use.
Ensure all hot jobs are carried out by job safety analysis alongside with permit to work system.
Ensure that safety layers of protections are adequate in place in a site along site with safety critical element.
Ensure adequate housekeeping is carried out within the site premises.
Ensure workers compliance on PPE on the site.
Ensure that the lifting areas are barricaded before lifting operation and free from obstruction.
Ensure that all the earth moving machines owned by the company are in good working condition and certified by third party.
Ensure that the operators are trained and are in good health for the job.
Spot out workers who are not following up safety rules and procedure and recommend for retraining and re-induction.
Ensure that operators are in good health, trained and certified.
Ensure that the lifting equipment and accessories are certified, color-coded and in good condition before lifting operation alongside with lifting plans.
Ensure that the lifting areas are barricaded before lifting operation.
Ensure that hazard are identified and controlled by using unsafe act and unsafe condition card.
Training of company’s employees on defensive driving.
Conducting grantors meeting on driver performances and behaviors.
To ensure that the company key performance indicator (KPI) is maintained via ensuring zero incident and injury free.
To write an accident investigation report whenever there is accident cases.
To ensure that the HSE policy is in line with the management active enforcement and workers compliance.
To ensure workers are abstain from alcohol and drugs before working hours, break period and after break period by checkmating them through alcohol machine.
To advise workers on the ethics of their works and caution them on shortcuts, meandering, manual handling and other challenges that might pose potential hazards to them.
Active involvement in routes hazards mapping and to communicate them to the road users employed by the company (drivers).
Full involvement in peer Lafarge / Unicem transport auditing.
Reviewing of Unicem / Lafarge five pillars auditing materials.
Conduct vehicle pre-inspection before going ford is patch.
Able to work on SIMOP area.
To ensure that vehicle check list is properly conducted before the truck went for delivery.
To ensure that all none conformities as spotted out and look for away for remedial actions.
Ensure that the company meets up with the standard benchmark of other operating multinational organization.
Ensure quality in and quality out of the company.
Conduct root course analysis when there are accident cases and cascade it to the drivers.
Draw up route hazard mapping and communicate it to the drivers.
Effective in patrol operation so as to spot out and drivers’ safety violations.

HOBBIES:
Researching and Foot balling

REFEREES:
Mr. Author Albert: Formal HSE Manager
Spie Nig Ltd [OML 58 Project obagi]
[080********]

Miss Nkechi Omojafor : HSE Manager
Cakasa Nig Ltd [080********]

Mr. Festus Osunbor [HSE Manager Integrated
Oil and gas [080********]

Mrs. Liana VD Merwe
HSE Manager
ITB Nigeria Ltd
081********
Contact this candidate