DAN M. CABALLERO
Equipment Maintenance Supervisor/Inspector
Dumantay, Batangas City Philippines

Email Add: admwa4@r.postjobfree.com
admwa4@r.postjobfree.com Tel. +639*********
+639*********
OBJECTIVE
I am seeking a responsible position in the field of heavy equipment and vehicle maintenance, shown in the excellent of my responsibilities and services as reflected in the continued satisfaction of my employer. In addition, quality, safety, therefore is my prime concern in all activities. My vast heavy equipment and vehicle job and coaching ability in Mechanical system electrical, system Hydraulic system and welding skills can be fully use.

CAREER OVERVEIW
Heavy Equipment, truck and light vehicle responsible for maintenance and repair. Supervisor and trainer for workshop operation. 18 years of experience in challenging environments knowledgeable, dedicated and adaptable to trained person and learn the deferent kinds of equipment, trucks and vehicle for standard operating and maintaining procedure, Resourceful, problem Solver and excellent decision making. Ability in equipment management system, workshop and logistics operation and procedure.
Communicate with people, problem solver and time management abilities.

Minimizes organizational cost throughout the equipment’s lifetime and makes recommendation for alternatives if needed.
Understand and executes the required testing procedures in compliance with the contract documents and industry standards
Tracks records, licenses, inspections, warranties, and service agreements for the organization’s equipment’s and tools

PROFESSSIONAL EXPERIENCE

CAPASCO Cathay Pacific Steel Corporation Date Mar.16, 2020 JOB TITLE
#18 Dr. A. Natividad St. Napindan, Taguig Metro Manila Mar. 16, 2021 Equipment Consultant

Planning and supervising the team of mechanics in the service repair, maintenance and overhaul of all company heavy equipment and vehicles, To work as part of engineering management team to ensure the cost effective and value added solution are in place to meet the quality standard. To control and allocate the flow of work through the workshop to make the best use of staff, equipment and other resources. To maintain the fleet of machineries, equipment and vehicle are in operational status and condition. To be a responsible technical expert in the workshop and advising staff on task and works assigned and sharing of best knowledge and any other duties assigned by superior. Part of my role involve managing and organizing the logistics of the projects, such as purchasing or supply chain management. Engineering consultant analyze the processes in place and identity areas that can be improved or find solution to issues as they arise. Responsible for the maintenance and management of equipment, supervising the activities of all employees engaged in repairing and maintaining equipment to ensure company assets are preserved and work schedule are meet

ESSENTIAL JOB ACCOUNTABILITIES:

Oversee the maintenance and repair of all equipment and vehicle in the Motor pool in accordance with construction equipment standard.
Manage and schedule the PMS of all equipment for assign person to ensure all equipment is serviceable and operational in a timely manner and no work is delay. Maintained equipment -files including inventory, repair maintenance, oil sampling fuel consumption and servicing to ensure the preservation of company investments.
Manage all shop personnel and field mechanics including, hiring, firing and development to ensure a productive and efficient department.
Monitor the condition of equipment including removing equipment from use due to mechanical or safety problems due to ensure a safe working environment.
Maintain communication with local equipment dealer and appropriate vendor.
Inspect damage equipment in the shop or field as require determining normal wear and tear, damage or abuse and report, results to the equipment manager to ensure proper use and up keep of equipment.

Oversee transportation of all equipment and obtain, as necessary, all moving permits licenses, titles and safety checks, as required by corporate policy, state and/or federal regulation, or client requirements to ensure compliance.
Comply, understand, and support corporate safety initiatives including holding weekly safety meeting with staff to ensure a safe work environment.

DDC Land, INC (Building Homes for Life) Date: Nov.15, 2015 JOB TITLE
101 Marbella 1 Condominium 2223 Feb. 16, 2016 MOTOR POOL SUPERVISOR
Roxas Boulevard 1300 Pasay City

Responsible to evaluate workshop system procedure to determine proper safety operation, changes or repair services need to be perform.
Maintenance-related duties include performing initial evaluations of equipment and trucks,
Will monitor equipment, trucks and workshop facilities’ in good condition, inspection and safety and regulatory compliance matters
Provide input to facilitate improvements in equipment’s maintenance key processes. Techniques and procedure.
Investigate accidents and prepare relevant reports.
Supervise staff and checking quality of work on performing the task assigned.
Experience in teaching person heavy equipment repair and operation in construction project
Thorough knowledge of the use of various hand and power tools, measuring devices, and diagnostic test Thorough knowledge of occupational hazards and safety measures of company policies and procedure Considerable knowledge of implementation of company policies and procedures for employee
Ability to plan, direct command of skilled worker’s repairer, machinists, painters, and helpers diagnose of equipment troubles.

Ability to supervise and trained mechanics and cleaning facilities
Ability to manage a complex workshop operation on efficient basis Ability to supervise the keeping of workshop accounts and records
Ability to communicate effectively with others and maintain a good working relationship with employees
Experience working collaboratively and effectively, in a leadership role, with colleagues, technician this
Supervises equipment repairs in the Motor pool or in project area
Supervise equipment repair and preparation of all ready line equipment redeployed and mobilized to project
Coordinates equipment maintenance schedule and request parts to my direct manager Oversees equipment repair requests and work performed by reporting to direct managers
Resolves equipment problems and projects issues associated with equipment up to date repair in workshop.
Coordinates all department add-on equipment requests arranges for labor charge/ payment from project cost.
Supervise the general maintenance and operation of company equipment and vehicles Supervise workshop staff productivity, creates equipment evaluation an productivity of all employee in all activities, and make inventory report Direct performed all aspects of repair and preventive maintenance of equipment.

HOYLAKE TRANSPORT EQUIPMENT Date: Sep.01, 2011 JOB TITLE:
5 Central Ave, Hazel mere Jun. 26, 2015 HEAVY DIESEL MECHANIC
W. A. AUSTRALIA

Great understanding of the full range of procedure and techniques used in servicing, repairing and maintaining vehicles and equipment such as heavy trucks, construction equipment Mining equipment, fire apparatus, ground maintenance and forestry and related equipment and accessories.
Profound ability identifying and resolving the full range of problems associated with the work including determining the nature and extend of malfunction or damage.
Sound ability to inspect new vehicle and equipment for compliance of standard and specification
Proven ability to performed road and diagnostic test to locate defects in operation or to verify work orders, and complete non-structural welding on vehicle and equipment that is normally attach to vehicle.
Excellent ability to identify the full range of risk and liability implication associated with the work and take appropriate action to minimize those risks and refer organizational liabilities to supervisor.
Great understanding of establish safety practices and equipment care, procedures and demonstrated ability to instruct others in such practices and procedures.
Remarkable understanding of the operation of and skill in the use of the various tools, material and equipment used in the repair and maintenance of heavy truck and equipment and keeps current with industry changes
Excellent basic computer skills in operating a keyboard and a mouse
Profound knowledge of mechanical principle and theories
Uncommon skill in the use of hand power tools and machine in repair process Overhaul of heavy trucks and equipment
Immense ability in the repair and maintenance of complex mechanical, electrical hydraulic and pneumatic power systems Exceptional ability to prioritize own work and meet project and program deadlines.
Proven ability to assist in the planning, coordination, and monitoring of projects and programs in assigned area of responsibility

SAUDI ARABIAN AIRLINES DATE: Jun. O4, 2002 JOB TITTLE:
P.O.BOX 4684 RIYADH 11412 KSA Mar 09, 2010 GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT
TECHNICIAN

Work assigned at King Khalid International Airport (KKIA) The GSE Mechanic is
responsible for performing preventative maintenance, troubleshooting, maintain, modify, paint and repairs airport ground support equipment, vehicles and other related equipment carry and operate radio as a required and operate such equipment as necessary to perform these function.
Receive work orders and obtains the necessary tools required for the repair. Transport
The vehicle(s) to be repair by driving, towing or pushing into service bay, Vehicles may consist of tug tractor, forklifts, and other larger airport equipment.
Maintained airport equipment such as, Aircraft Push Back Tractor # Ground Power Unit # Air conditioning Unit # Air Starting Unit # High Loader # Transporter # Passenger Step # Conveyor Belt Loader # Baggage Tractor # FMC # Clark # Medical Lift # Medical evacuation unit # Man Lift # Clark #Caterpillar # Fuel Truck # Lighting Cart # Lavatory Equipment. Non-Motorized Equipment # Tow Bar #Aircraft Engine Change Kit #Tire Installer # Axle Jack # Fuselage Jack # Dollies # Nitrogen Cart # Baggage cart # Baggage rack

Essential Function:

Inspection, test and repair of GSE equipment associated with the aircraft environment.
Perform and follow preventive maintenance schedule of all company GSE equipment.
Perform complex repair on vehicle, both electrical, hydraulic and mechanical system.
Perform diagnostic procedure on equipment and vehicle to determine electrical fault
Perform electrical diagnostic of equipment and vehicle, trouble shooting, repair failure
Assign at welding section to fabricate or modify mechanical defect using SMAW welding.
Search parts/parts number for ordering and receiving and inventory of parts in stock
Make report for daily maintenance activities required by management to in code system
Inspection, test and repair GSE equipment associated with the aircraft operation
Perform engine trouble shooting overhaul, repair and make report analysis data.
Analyzed electrical system (AC & DC)motors, generating set, using multi tester
Experience using load bank for GPU Ground Power Unit, DYNA TEST for new overhaul engine. Fuel calibrating machine, injector pressure tester, engine compression testing.

HOUSE TECHNOLOGY INDUSTRIES PTE. LTD. Date: Jan 04, 2001 JOB TITTLE:
Block 25C Phase IV Expansion, Apr. 13, 2002 HEAVY EQUIPMENT
Cavite Export Processing Zone SUPERVISOR
Rosario, Cavite, Philippines

JOB DESCRIPTION
Equipment supervisor duties and responsibilities include overseeing the maintenance and operation of machinery. Setting goals for performance and deadlines in a ways that comply with company’s plans and vision. Organizing workflow and ensuring that employees understand their duties or delegated task. Monitor employee productivity and providing constructive feedback and coaching. The equipment supervisor are responsible for the day-to-day task of maintaining heavy equipment machinery and vehicle, Employers often expect candidates to have at least five years of relevant experience in their industry. Employee in this job coordinate and direct subordinate heavy equipment mechanics, semi-skilled workers, and Trades Helper responsible for the operation, condition, and quality control of a repair facility. The employee diagnoses difficult repair problem and provides training in skills such as hydraulic, diesel engine welding, and fabrication of parts and tools.

Strong knowledge of automotive electrical system of equipment and truck
Profound knowledge of maintenance of stock inventories including reordering
Evaluate and diagnose customer vehicles and heavy equipment.
Repair damaged machinery and components repair and replace if required
Review all vehicle systems for signs of malfunction and wear
Consult with equipment dealer about the warranty covered

MIDWAY PHOENIX CORPORATION Date, May 28, 1999 JOB TITTLE:
P.O. BOX 29460, HANOLULU, HAWAII Jun. 13, 2000 HEAVY EQUIPMENT 91860 U.S.A. MECHANIC/OPERATOR

Performed work responsibilities under American supervisor, test and analyze malfunction equipment and machine. Troubleshooting, overhauls, rebuilds, and repairs both powered and non-powered support equipment in systems. Performs scheduled and unscheduled maintenance, inspects, tests, and operates equipment to determine serviceable and proper operation. Work performed on a various type of aircraft ground thorough knowledge of mechanical, electrical repair and test, operation of both powered and non-powered AGE (Aircraft Ground Equipment) to remove, disassemble repair, clean, treatment for corrosion, assemble, and re-install AGE accessories and components. Repair, troubleshooting, testing equipment GENSET such as, load banks, load test, resistance, double bridge type, multi-meters, and flow meter panels board. Assigned to dispatch service for AGE, including positioning of equipment to support aircraft under A, B, C, checks for maintenance and operations. Operates, cleans, inspects, and service AGE, towing equipment and other automotive vehicles used in military training, Maintenance, and repair of automotive vehicle or AGE equipment. As a Heavy Equipment Mechanic Operator, requiring repair needs and formulate plans.

SAUDI OPERATION & MAINTENANCE CO. LTD. Date: Sep.10, 1995 JOB TITTLE
SAUDI ORDINANCE CORPS PROGRAM Aug.181998 ENGINEER EQUIPMENT
P.O. BOX 58305 Riyadh, 11594 Saudi Arabia REPAIRMAN

Work under the general direction of workshop Director and under supervisor of American military and Saudi Arabian Army (SAA). Expected to work with minimum technical proficiency in the performance of duty Work assists and provides on the job training to designated personnel. Performs organizational through general support categories of preventive and corrective maintenance of all types of heavy equipment and machine Responsible to work with minimum technical supervision normally receiving order only to general director for job priorities. Demonstrate good judgment and technical proficiency in my performance of duties Work in classroom teaching, discussion, and hands-on training to designated army personnel. Performs organizational though General support categories of repair and maintenance of all types of COMMERCIAL and MELITARY ENGINEERING heavy equipment. Include, Power generator. Pumps, Bridging, Forklift, Cranes, CAT Bulldozer, CAT Pay loader CAT Excavator, AMO Carrier, Armored Truck, APC Army Personnel Carrier MIAI,M60,BRADLY,LINCON Battle Tank, Have a formal training and experience that would lead to my current standard U.S, ARMY MAINTENANCE POLICIES AND PROCEDURE. Actual experience of repair and maintained light and heavy equipment.

EEI ENGINEERING EQUIPMENT INC. Date: Jan.09, 1993 JOB TITTLE
No. 12 Mangahan St. Barangay, Bagong Bayan Jun.10, 1994 HEAVY EQUIPMENT MECHANIC
Libis, Quezon City

Responsible for maintaining of heavy equipment and machine at Shell Philippines Refinery Tabangao, Batangas modernization and shot down project of refinery, Under general contract of FLOUR-DANIEL (American Company) with a sub-con of Engineering Equipment Corporation, Performed duties as a heavy equipment mechanic, To maintain mechanical crane Manitowoc 250 tons. American crane model AH11320 450 tons capacity, 16unit’s hydraulic crane from 35 tons capacity up to 200 tons capacity. Assist of heavy lifting and loading of reactor, smoke stock, pressure vessel, pumps and pipes Repair of construction equipment such as air compressor, welding machine, power generator, excavator, bulldozer, pay loader, road roller, and compactor. Maintenance and repair of motor and pumps, gate valves, heat exchanger, large tank, vessels, hydro testing with under operational condition of refinery and requisition of parts as a Heavy Equipment Mechanic.

A.B.V. ROCK GROUP KB Date: Aug. 20, 1991 JOB TITTLE
P.O. Box 57321 Riyadh, 11574 Saudi Arabia Oct.13, 1992 HEAVY EQUIPMENT MECHANIC

Under Swedish personnel performed duties and responsibilities as a heavy mechanic. Workshop and field servicing troubleshoot, repair, and overhaul electrical and mechanical failure. CATERPILLAR equipment and machine tractor type model D9L D8N D10N and D7H. Truck off hi way, model 776B and 785B. Pay loader model 994 996D 988 980 950E, Motor grader, model 12G 16G 112 and 130G Excavator modelE180 E240 E300 Dump truck model,
P.O. Box 5123, 11 57 Saudi Arabia May 29, 1991 EQUIPMENT MECHANICAL TECH.

Assign at workshop and field servicing of auxiliary equipment and machine. Such as water pump and motor air compressor, cooling tower, alignment of fan blade and motors. Using dial indicator micrometer, veneer caliper, feeler gauges, straight edge and other related precision measuring tools and technique. Assist operation of water plant (reverse osmosis) irrational and filtration procedure, sewage plant, water cycle for washing and watering plants. Maintenance of boiler plant, repair and calibrate fuel injection furnace, incinerators, valves, relief valves, agitator pump Perform technical maintenance, aside from plant operation and maintenance. Also, repair heavy equipment such as pay loader, grader, bulldozer, crane, road roller, transit mixer, prime mover, trailers and dump truck as a Heavy Equipment Mechanic

EEI ENGINEERING EQUIPMENT CO. Date: May 27.1989 JOB TITTLE
No. 12 Mangahan, St. Barangay. Bagong Bayan May 13, 1990 HEAVY EQUIPMENT
Libis, Quezon City Philippines MECHANIC TECHNICIAN

Under EEI Project assigned at OIL & GAS PLANT Philippine Petroleum Corporation (PPC Pillelia Rizal). Construction of foundation and installation of 4 units power generator engine model VOXXII Japan made 32 inches bore diameter, repair and overhaul (remanufactured) and performed failure analysis, checking cylinder blocks and heals, camshafts and connecting rod bearing piston and piston ring, timing gear train and valves, analysis of war, breaks, cracks distortion. Also, assist to maintain and repair construction equipment such as Crawler Crane and Mobile Crane, Bulldozer, Grader, Pay Loader, Road Roller, Excavation, Air Compressor, Dump Truck, Tractors Head, Trailer, Welding Machine. Project assigned at EEI fabrication and shipyard facilities at (Bauan, Batangas). To maintain and repair all equipment and Air Compressor for sand blasting, Crawler Crane for lifting vessels and fabricated tanks and pipes. Repair Prime Mover use for hauling as a HEAVY EQUIPMENT MECHANIC TECHNICIAN

AG&P ATLANTIC GULF & PACIFIC CO. INC Date: Sep.16, 1986 JOB TITTLE
345 Buendia Ave. Ext. Makati, May 14, 1988 HEAVY EQUIPMENT
Metro Manila, Philippines MECHANIC

Responsible for maintain heavy construction equipment at equipment logistic and Motor pool Site (Tanyag, Bicutan, Taguig Metro Manila Philippines.). Assigned at overhauling section to overhaul Cummins engine model NTA 400, NTC 350, NTF 255, VT 555, KTA 600, VT 350, and Detroit engine (GM) model 645, 567, 278, 268, 71 and 52 series. Moreover, Mitsubishi, Isuzu, Perkins, Mercedes Deutz Volvo, and caterpillar generating sets, Project assignment at Philippine Shell Refinery at (Tabangao, Batangas) under ENTERBETON GENERAL CONTRACTOR Project. Repair of smoke stock, pipelines, heat exchanger, and boiler and off shore Gasoline Station (GT). Assigned also at AG&P marine yard at (Bauan, Batangas) another project assignment International Container Port Terminal project. PINAMUKAN Power Plant at (Batangas, Philippines). Project assignment a 1.3-megawatt combined- cycle power plant and project assignment again Geothermal Plant at San Pablo, Laguna, repair troubleshoots, and maintained heavy equipment and machine as a HEAVY EQUIPMENT MECHANIC

PROJECT ASSIGNMENT AND ACCOMPLISHMENT

AIRLINE INDUSTRIES AVIATION AND AIRPORT OPERATION
SHIPYARD AND MARINE PROJECT
REFINERY OIL AND GAS PLANT PROJECT
POWER PLANT (GENERATOR) GEOTHERMAL PROJECT
DRILLING AND RIGS, CONSTRACTION PROJECT
TUNNELING MILITARY BASE AND MINING PROJECT
AIRPORT, SEAPORT AND DAM PROJECT
WATER AND SEAWAGE PLANT PROJECT DESALINATION,WATER TREATMENT
CONSTRACTION PROJECT, HEAVY LIFTING AND LOADING PROCEDURE

EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT

LEVEL
NAME OF SCHOOL
DATE
COURSE/DEGREE

ELEMENTARY
Aurora A. Quezon Elem.School
San Andres Malate, Manila Phil.

1975-1982

Graduate/Primary

HIGH SCHOOL
Francisco V. Foundation Collage
Pedro Gil Pasco Manila Phil.

1982-1986

Graduate/Secondary

COLLEGE
PATTS College of Aeronautics
Lombos Ave. San Isidro Paranaque City Philippines

1987-1991
Aircraft Technician
Graduate

VOCATIONAL
National Manpower Youth Council
Bicutan,Taguig Manila Phil.

1991-1991
Heavy Equipment Repair Course
Graduate/Vocational
INFORMATION
TECHNOLOGY
Philippine International School
Pearson Vue (Authorized Center)
11/08/2007
12/20/2007
Introduction to Basic Computer
Hardware & PC Assembly
INFORMATION
TECHNOLOGY
Philippine International School
Pearson Vue (Authorized Center)
11/08/2007
12/20/2007
Introduction to Basic
Networking Technology

CHARACTER REFERENCES
Name: Gerry A. Achico Name: Mario Maulion
Tel. 095*-***-**** Tel. 093*-***-****
Position: SUPERVISOR Position: PROJECT MANAGER
Company: A, G&P Atlantic Gulf &Pacific Co. Company: A.G&P Atlantic Gulf & Pacific Co.

SEMINARS/TRAINING ATTENDED

ABV Rock Group Sweden Zahid Tractor Heavy Machinery Co. LTD.
Safety Induction Training K.S.A. SERVICE CMD WORKSHOP CATERPILLAR MACHINE
August 22, 1991 25 May 1992

Service DG Training PAX SVC/Contract NMYC. NATIONAL MANPOWER YOUTH COUNCIL
P.O. Box 29460 Honolulu Hawaii USA Heavy Equipment Repair Course
Honolulu, HI 96820-1860 Region IV Bicutan, Taguig Philippines
July 22, 1999 Issued on October

TESDA National Certificate II House Technology Industries Pte. Ltd.
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICING PEZA Rosario, Cavite Philippines
Certificate No. 101********** ISO 900 QUALITY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM AWARENESS
Issued on: October 27, 2015 January12, 2001
INTERNAL QUALITY AUDIT VME INDUSSTRIES SWEDEN
Neville Clarke International Training Certificate ABV Rock Riyadh
Philippines Heavy Equipment Workshop
Course date: 15-16 March 2001 02, Dec. to Feb. 15, 1991

DIVERSIFIED CORPORATION TRADE TEST CERTIFICATION
EARTHMOVING MACHINE {H.E.} CLASS***B+*
Bldg. 709 San Rafael St. Plainview Mandaluyong City
Date: October 12, 2015

MAJOR WORK AREA:

Repair, Overhauling, Troubleshooting, Preventive Maintenance, Servicing

DIESEL ENGINE REPAIR SPECIALIZATION

Engine re-assembly, cylinder head assembly, Cylinder liners, piston rings and connecting rods.
Checking Engine blocks and Cylinder heads, camshafts, crankshafts, water pumps, pistons, timing gear train and valves. Flywheel vibration dumper, pulley, idler gear pulley tensioned
Analysis of wear, breaks, cracks, and distortion,
Recondition of turbocharger, oil cooler, and heat exchanger.
Intake and Exhaust System and inter cooler, Cooling System, Air-conditioning System
Lubricating System, Engine Control System
Major Internal and External Engine Repair and Overhaul
Removal, installation, and alignment of engine, Engine components, Accessories and machinery.

SKILLS:

Arc welding SMAW and oxyacetylene welding
Understanding Dynamometer, Load bank, Injector Tester, Change Tire Machine
Research Parts Number and Ordering Freight Parts
Estimation of repair cost, labor and Damage cost, Mobilization and De Mobilization cost
Inspection of Equipment for Operation and testing
Plan and distribute of work order, Plan timetable, and time line
Keep and organized maintenance report, Update Maintenance schedule
Safety awareness and Resilience of work

MECHANICAL REPAIR SPECIALIZATION: HYDRAULIC REPAIR SPECIALIZATION:

Driveline and final drive Control Valve
Vehicle Brake System Torque Converter Assembly
Transmission, Assembly Holding Valve
Travel motor, Assembly Swing Motor Assembly
Steering Assembly Hydraulic Pump Assembly
Differential Assembly Accumulator and Holding Valve Assembly
Propellers Shaft, Clutch Assy. Hydraulic Cylinder Assembly
Axle and Hub assembly Valve body
Gear Box and Transfer Case Assy.
Truck Shoe Brake Pad, Drum Brake, Rotor Disc
Suspension and Under Chassis Repair

ELECTRICAL REPAIR SPECIALIZATION

Alternator, Generator Assy. Using Diagnostic OBD Scanner
Starter and Ignition Switch Assy.
Sensor, Solenoid, Relays Switches, Diodes
Working light, Beacon light, Fog light
Harness, Horn, Reverse Warning Horn, Hour Meter
Limit Switch, Timer’s, Joy Stick, Pressure switch
Magnet Torque Assy. Dash board lights, Gauges
Headlight, Backlight, Brake light, Signal Light
Contact this candidate