ABDUL WAHID
009***********, 009*********** admybu@r.postjobfree.com
About Me:
A multifaceted Electrical Engineering enthusiast with an experience of over 11 years in developing and implementing plans for the project infrastructure, designing to accommodate the rapid growth objectives of the organization, spearheading the development, communication and implementation of effective growth strategies and processes.
Brands associated with:
Profile Synopsis:
DEWA & DM approved engineer and member of SOE UAE.
Arrange AMC (Annual Maintenance Contract) with the sub- contractors for Fire System, Gas System, Pest Control, Civil Defense, CCTV System and Water Tank Cleaning.
Extensive exposure in foreseeing performance bottlenecks & undertaking corrective measures and ensuring effective site management and discipline for safe execution of the projects & streamlining electrical distribution system of low, medium, and Extra Low voltage & managed instruments & control systems.
Expertise in administering the execution of projects within the constraints of budget, schedule & scope while minimizing risk & ensuring adherence to established processes & methodologies.
Exceptional communication, presentation & mentoring skills with distinguished abilities in leading teams for developing procedures & service standards for business excellence.
Sound experience in Installation, Testing, Commissioning, troubleshooting of Electrical Systems in Distribution Power, Testing & Commissioning of L.V and L.C Systems etc.
Other areas of knowledge in CCTV, Fire alarms system, Gate barrier, Garbage Chute and access control systems, Installation of FM200 suppression system, Pre-action system and Foam System for Generator, HVAC system and have understandable knowledge about installation, testing and commissioning of Structural cabling.
Career Timeline :
A s s i s t a n t F A C I L I T Y M A N A G E R ( E l e c t r i c a l E n g i n e e r ) P R O F I L E Project Management Electrical Engineering Designing & Commissioning Performance Benchmarks:
Project Management, Planning, Coordination, Inspections: Controlling Project with a team of Project Engineers, Supervisors, Forman and Associated Subcontractors & Auto-Cad Drafting team to undertake following activities related to MEP works as follow:
Arrange AMC (Annual Maintenance Contract) with the sub-contractors for Fire System, Gas System, Pest Control, Civil Defense, CCTV System and Water Tank Cleaning.
Handling all sorts of MEP issues on emergency and on normal basis for all of the Six Labor Accommodation having (1330+460) rooms.
Handling all sorts of MEP issues on emergency and on normal basis for all of the Facilities related to Baniyas Real Estate including (G+7) Residential and Commercial Building, Naïf, Dubai.
Commercial + Residential Building at Naïf, 10 no’s Al Abraha Villa’s, 6 no’s Midriff villa’s and 9 no’s Mamzar Villa’s
Planning and requisition of men & materials as per work program schedule.
Undertake a thorough study of Tender Drawings Specifications & BOQ followed by estimation of the project.
Reviewing IFC (Issue for Construction), EI (Engineering Instruction), LS (Load Schedule) given by the consultant & architects.
Reviewing RFI (Request for Information) for design discrepancies or missing information upon reviewing of every Engineering Instruction and design documents/material from consultant and architects.
Getting shop drawings prepared by Auto-Cad drafting team in coordination with other MEP & civil works incorporated all the points given in Tender Drawings, IFC & EI by the consultant & architect.
Reviewing drawings before execution, ensuring work accordance with working drawings and specifications.
Attending Progress, Coordination & Technical meetings with the Clients, Consultant & preparing schedule of Construction activities.
Conducting meetings & coordination with all the main contractors, sub-contractors & our own company staffs for the faster completion of the project.
Planning and requisition of men & materials as per work program schedule.
Placing order for various materials for project requirement on respective vendors & managing material procurement.
Follow up with the suppliers for material delivery.
Check the equality of the materials received at sites and approve the same.
Supervise all execution activities including providing technical inputs on methodologies & coordination with the site management activities and devising method for work simplifications.
Ensure high productivity & proper usage of assets & machinery.
Coordinating with the Planner and Estimation team for tracking the Schedule and completing the job as per estimation done.
Checking the quality of work before consultant inspection.
Raising the work inspections request to check the work by consultant do Pre-commissioning test/loop test/functional/SAT as well.
Attending comments, non-conformity notice given by the consultant and submitting the same once work is completed.
De-snagging of various site works at the time of Handing Over.
Coordinating with QA/QC team for develop and organized records at site like WIR’s, NCN, Daily works work status check list, testing, commissioning reports & quality reports for increased efficiency.
Coordinating with drafts man team for preparing As-Built drawings. Coordinating with suppliers for the O&M for all equipment’s and also Material submittals and Method of Statements.
Coordinating with suppliers for the Cause and effects for LV system (Fire Alarm, Gate Barrier, Garbage Chute, access door, etc.) Testing and Commissioning:
Testing and Commissioning of MDB, Capacitor Bank, ATS, SMDB, FDB and Busbar riser.
Installation of Diesel generator and testing (Load Bank Test).
Testing and Commissioning of CCTV, Fire alarms system, Gate barrier, Garbage Chute and access control systems, Installation of FM200 suppression system, Pre-action system and Foam System for Generator, HVAC system and have understandable knowledge about installation, testing and commissioning of Structural cabling. DEWA/DCD/DM RULES AND REGULATIONS:
Good knowledge in DEWA/SEWA/ADWEA rules and regulations.
Expertise in DEWA approval process starting from NOC approval to supply of KWH meters.
Approving of LV design residential, commercial projects.
Coordinating DEWA meetings and Final inspections.
Good knowledge in the rules, regulations, requirements, standards of Dubai Civil Defense, Dubai Municipality, Drainage systems. PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT:
Training and Certification:
Approved by Dubai Municipality
Affiliated Member of SOE (Society of Engineers)
AutoCAD Electrical
Primavera (Basic)
Projects:
Water Front Deira Project, Plot#01 (G+Roof+18+B3 Building) Commercial, Residential and Hotel Apartment’s. Client: ITHRA, DWFP, Dubai, Main contractor: CSCEC (LLC) Dubai, UAE.
Silicon Smart Park Project handling 8 no’s building (G+6, Basement) Commercial, Residential and Hotel Apartment’s. Client: Silicon Authority, Main contractor: CSCEC (LLC) Dubai, UAE.
(G+3P+15+Roof) Avanti Tower, Commercial & Residential Building, Business Bay, Dubai, UAE, Client: DAMAC, Main contractor: Al Shafaar Engineering & contracting Co (LLC) Dubai, UAE.
(2B+G+11+Roof) Commercial Building, AL Barsha South 3rd, Dubai, UAE, Client: Mr. Ahmed Naser Ahmed El Raissi, Sub- contractor: Al Tawasol Engineering & contracting Co (LLC) Dubai, UAE.
G+3 Labor Accommodations, 2 No’s, Jabel Ali having 464 rooms, Client: Injazzat Real Estate Main contractor: Al KHAMAYEL Contracting.
G+3 Labor Accommodations, Block-10, Jabel Ali industrial Area-3, Consultant: Al Manahal Engineering Consultant (AMEC), Main contractor: Al Sarah Contracting LLC.
Mosque, Hatta, Client: Islamic Affairs & Charitable Activities Department, Consultant: Al Hashemi Planners, Architecture & Engineers, Main contractor: Wadi Delta Contracting.
10-Villas (G+1) at Musafa, Abu Dhabi. Main contractor: AHMED BIN BROOK General Contractor.
4-Villas (G+1) at, AL Barsha-2, Main contractor: AKAD Construction (L.L.C).
Villa (G+1, Majlis, Swimming pool, Nadal Sheba 4, Client: Mrs. Maryam Bakhit Consultant: Direct Engineering Consultant. Main contractor: Baniyas Building Contracting, Dubai, UAE.
Mancave Network Gaming Shop (Nadal Hamr, Dubai, and UAE: Client: Abdul Aziz Khalfan. Main contractor: Baniyas Building Contracting, Dubai, UAE.
Office & Ware House (G+1) at Jabel Ali Free Zone, Main contractor: AKAD Construction Company.
2-Villa (B+G+1) at Umm Squiem-3, Dubai, UAE, Main contractor: AL ESTIQAMA Contracting. Education
Bachelor Degree - Electrical Engineering, University of Engineering and Technology Peshawar Pakistan 2009 Technical Skills: AutoCAD, Primavera (Basic), MS Project, MS Office (Word, Excel, Access, Power Point) Personal Details:
Date of birth: : 12 August 1982
Marital status : Married
Nationality : Pakistani
Driving license : Holding valid UAE license
Visa Status : Visit Visa
Memberships: Society of Engineers of UAE Pakistan Engineering Council Dubai Municipality approved Engineer Note: References can be provided upon request.
Contact this candidate