Douglas Fetterly
*** ****** ** #***
Honolulu, HI 96815
c/ 808-***-****
adnhjs@r.postjobfree.com

I am a writer with a love of language and a propensity toward clarity. My relative background includes freelance writing, writing and editing proposals, technical procedures, essays, and fiction. My technical underpinnings afford me an understanding of science and technical writing, while my creativity, interest in political and community affairs, curiosity, and literary bent lend themselves to essays, fiction, and freelance. My editing skills are firmly in place along with a consistent desire to eliminate ambiguity and promote understanding.

My writing experience (beginning 1994 to present) includes: freelance articles for a local O’ahu marketing company (recent assignments: all NFL stadiums, the 36 O’ahu neighborhoods, 50-70 articles about dentistry), white papers and blog articles for MeetingSift (a company promoting meeting best practices), articles for Davis Life Magazine (www.davislifemagazine.com), a monthly column on health and community topics for the Davis, California, Co-op’s “Natural Choices” newspaper, environmental articles for Examiner.com, features for Edible Sacramento, blog articles for Blogs For Brands (see TheClymb.com Fetterly for examples), short stories, and a novel (Silence Her, an edgy political novel being represented by a well-known, respected agent and film producer in Hollywood). I have an established history as a hands-on Systems Engineering Manager, in a highly dynamic and deadline-oriented newspaper environment, where I was responsible for the electronic systems and style/format implementation. I worked with and was exposed to journalism, content, grammar and style on a daily basis for over twenty-five years (Marin Independent Journal in the Bay Area, and USA Today Northern California). I am quite familiar with newspaper production.

I have a Bachelor of Arts in English Literature, graduated summa cum laude from Southern New Hampshire University. That is, I received an ‘A’ grade for over sixty essays and research papers, speaking to my dedication to grammar, spelling, and concise and relevant content. My previous education was in electronics technology and engineering.

Key notes:
Award: NYC Gotham Writers 2012 short story contest, 2nd place, judged by Harvard’s Director of Creative Writing
Fiction workshop with best-selling author William Bernhardt
Staff writer for a local, monthly magazine (“Davis Life Magazine”)
Staff writer for a local, monthly health- and food-oriented newspaper (Davis Co-op’s “Natural Choices”)
Environmental articles for Examiner.com (weekly)
Vice Chair on the Natural Resources Commission in Davis, CA (lends toward political awareness)
Experienced in writing in-depth essays and short stories
I have traveled extensively (including Russia, Kenya, Egypt, Ghana, Europe, South Pacific, Mexico, and Asia)
Assisted in editing a book on neurological disorders
Attended writers’ conferences/workshops at the Aspen Writers’ Conference, Willamette Writers’ Conference, Gotham / Zoetrope (Francis Ford Coppola) Writers’ Group, and Algonkian.
Participated in writers groups in Berkeley (Natalie Goldberg’s style) and Marin County
Excellent grammar and spelling
Have written numerous ROI proposals for significant systems projects for a complex daily newspaper
Contact this candidate