Mohammed Karishma Sultana
e-mail:adoa2o@r.postjobfree.com B.E. - Civil Engineering
Contact: +918********* A.U. College of Engg.
Educational Qualification:
Course
Institution
University/
Board
Year of passing
Percentage of marks/ CGPA

M.A.
(Political Science)

IGNOU

IGNOU

pursuing

pursuing

B.E.
(Civil Engg.)

A.U. College of Engineering(A)

A.U.

2017

8.92

Intermediate

Sri Chaitanya
Junior College

B.I.E.
Andhra Pradesh

2013

95.5

10th standard

Fort Catholic Girls’ High School

I.C.S.E

2011

86.7

Achievements,
Secured 54th position in level 2 TSI Maths Olympiad in 2009
Secured 113th position in level 2 TSI Maths Olympiad in 2008
Participated in National Drawing Competition, Handwriting Competition 2007 organized by The National Institute Kalabharati Child Art Institute
Participated in IGSC Scholarship Exam 2004-2005
Secured 64 percentile rank in Emats All India GK Test in 2006
Secured AIR 179 in 3rd All India Maths Science Talent Exam 2010-11
Secured 73% in 50th Annual All India UN Information Test
Extra Curricular Activities:
Secured 1st prize in YMCA Independence Day Inter School singing competition in 2010
Participated and won many prizes in elocution, singing, hand writing competitions held at school level
School Captain and won March Past Cup in 2010
Organized many cultural activities in school level like fete, teachers’ day, etc. and also in University level like department day, farewell, etc.
Strengths:
Good leadership qualities
Ability to work under pressure with good responsibility
Active listener and quick learner
Technical Skills:
Programming Language : C, BASICS OF JAVA
Designing Software : AUTOCAD
MS Office – MS Word, MS Excel, MS Powerpoint
Internship:
Underwent internship at Visakhapatnam Steel Plant in Civil Engineering Department in 2015
Underwent Internship at Oxygen Towers,34 storied building, by Lansum Estates
Work Experience:
2017 – Present
Operations Manager at Marine Safety Services, responsible for providing administrative, operational and technical service and support. The primary task is to ensure that the servicing is being managed and maintained in a safe and environmentally responsible manner and to ensure operational efficiency. Responsibilities include preventative maintenance of all internal and external assets, client relations and coordination of maintenance staff duties and Operational Programs, Cooperation and co-ordination between different departments, business development, expansion, Client satisfaction, Document maintenance and updating from time to time, Conducting Internal audits as per ISO guidelines.
Worked with ASMA, as a volunteer and responsible for conducting extra-curricular programs.
Personal Details:
Name: Mohammed Karishma Sultana
Date of birth: 02-11-1995
Languages known: English, Hindi, Telugu
Hobbies: Singing, Badminton, Music
Address: Flat no.504, MVV Esteem,
China Waltair,
Visakhapatnam-17
Declaration:
I hereby declare that all the information provided by me is true to the best of my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the mentioned particulars.
Contact this candidate