Resume
Rakesh Saini
DOB- **/**/****
VPO JaJa,Tanda Urmur
Hoshiarpur,Punjab.India Email adopcs@r.postjobfree.com
Present status Working as Senior Manager in Kuantum Papers Ltd,Hoshiarpur
Education
10+2 From Punjab school education Board with 60% marks
Diploma in chemical Engineering with 7.8 CGPA
Degree in Chemical Engineering.
Pass the Energy Manager as well as Auditor Exam From Bureau of Energy Efficiency, Govt of India
Work Experience
July-2005-April 2006 Process Engineer in Greencone Environs Pvt. Ltd,A joint venture of Granit and Kuantum Papers Ltd.
April 2006-April 2007 Sr.Process Engineer in Greencone Environs Pvt Ltd
April 2007-July 2010 Dy Manager in Greencone Environs Pvt Ltd
July 2010- April 2016 Dy Manager(Pulp) in Kuantum Papers Ltd
April 2016-till now Sr.Manager (Pulp) in Kuantum Papers Ltd
Technical Training
Three months training in Urea plant in NFL Naya Nangal,Ropar,Punjab
Six weeks training at membrane plant in PACL Naya Nangal,Punjab

Skills
Excellent Problem solving skills
Outstanding verbal and written skills
Capability to work with other team members effectively
Excellent in Energy Saving and water savings in the plant
Ability to log work in a neat and detailed manner
Strong organizational skills
Ability to work in a fast-pace environment

Computer Knowledge
MS Word
MS Excel
Power Point
DCS software ABB, Rockwell,
Job Responsibilities at Greencone Environs Pvt. Ltd
Works in shifts to meet the production targets
To implement ISO in the plant
Controlling the Process Parameters pH, Temp., Filtration rate
Analysis of performance process equipment like Vacuum Filter, Heat exchangers, Spray Drier
Coordinate with maintance department about overhauling of the equipment
Lab trails to implement in plant level

Job Responsibilities at Kuantum Papers Ltd
Preparing the chemical process designs & preparation of Process & Instrumentation diagrams (P& ID's) for new plant which involves unit operations & unit processes in collaboration with the plant suppliers.
Analysis of the chemical process equipment’s like Vacuum Washers, Digesters, pumps which operates at high temperature and pressure to achieve maximum output.
To ensure safe storage & handling of toxic chemicals like Chlorine, hydrogen peroxide, Sodium hydroxide, Calcium hypochlorite.
Study of laboratory scale chemical trials and to implement the trial at Plant scale to meet product quality parameters by the use of correct raw material and chemicals inputs & correct equipment.
Planning and implementation for new pulp products and submitting equipment selection recommendations as per design particulars.
Monitoring & assessing the Quality of input chemicals & raw materials to ensure the good quality of our final product.
To identify the major and minor constraints of the plant and eliminate the problems with modifications for maximizing the production.
Handling the start-up & shut down of plant & to make thorough inspection of the equipment during the shutdown and ensure thorough cleanness and proper pack up of the equipment.
Projects Undertaken
Erection & Commissioning of Lignin Precipitation System(LPS) Plant
Successful implementation of ISO in LPS Plant
Erection & Commissioning of Oxygen Bleaching for 160 TPD bleached pulp in Kuantum Papers Ltd.
Agro and HW blow heat recovery system
Successful completion of PAT Cycle-1and 2
Erection & commissioning of 60 and 160 MT Hard Wood Plant including 80 M3 (3No's) and 120M3 Vertical Digester, Wash Plant & ECF Bleach Plant.
Successfully converted the manual plant to Automatic Control DCS plant with collaboration of Rockwell Automation.
Training to Operators & Shift In charges regarding DCS

Place: Saila Khurd
Date: April 2021 (Rakesh Saini)
Contact this candidate