Philip Goldstone
E-mail - adornh@r.postjobfree.com Mobile - +44-797*-****** Full clean UK Driving License Nationality - British
Personal Profile
A conscientious and self-motivated individual, with excellent communication skills and experience of working in multi-cultural working environments. Reliable, flexible and able to work well under pressure. Having travelled extensively to Africa, UAE, Europe over a number years and enjoying different cultures and climate, I would be looking re-locate to work and move with my Ghanaian wife.
Skills Profile
Having received a First Class B.Sc.(Hons) Building Surveying degree, I have built up an extensive and varied experience over the past 15 years working as a Building Surveyor at a large multi-sited college and a local building surveying practice.
I have gained considerable experience on a range of schemes including the design and project management of new builds, building extensions, refurbishment projects and civil engineering works. Further duties include the management of various processes to identify, prioritise and rectify routine and reactive maintenance requirements for single and multi sited facilities.
Additional skills include design, seeking tenders, value engineering, working to budgets, environmental and sustainability, on-site supervision and inspection of the works and management of service contracts including asbestos and legionella. I have excellent IT skills and proficiency in Microsoft Project, AutoCAD and have gained knowledge of setting out works using levels and Totalstations. Capable of working as part of a team or individually with excellent man-management skills to engage with colleagues and stakeholders at all levels and ensuring high quality standards.

Education & Qualifications

University

Award Hons First Class, B. Sc. (Hons) Building Surveying 2009
University of Central Lancashire, Preston

Professional Qualifcations

IOSH Managing Safely 2021 2021
Britsafe, London

City & Guilds – Legionella Role of Responsible Person / Duty Holder 2018
Develop Training, Manchester

P407 – Managing Asbestos in Premises, the Duty Holder 2013
Requirements 2013 BOHS, Derby

P405 – Management of Asbestos in Buildings. 2012
BOHS, Derby.

PRINCE 2 Project Management Certification 2011
ILX Group plc, Cheshire

Advanced Modern Apprenticeship in Engineering 2001
Blackpool & The Fylde College, Blackpool

Higher Education

Diploma in Construction Site Engineering 2011
ENKA Engineering College, Swindon

NVQ Level 3 in Engineering Production 2000
Blackpool & The Fylde College, Blackpool.

BTEC Higher National Certificate in Engineering 2000
Blackpool & The Fylde College, Blackpool

BTEC National Certificate in Engineering 1998
Blackpool & The Fylde College, Blackpool

NVQ Level 2 in Engineering Manufacture 1996
Training 2000 Ltd, Blackpool

General Education

10 x GCSE’s 1996
Hodgson High School, Blackpool

Employment History (last 15 years)

Building Maintenance Manager April 2010-Present day
Blackpool and The Fylde College, Blackpool

Building Surveyor May 2006-Dec 2009
Cowan & Co, Preston

Interests and Hobbies

• Travel - visited west Africa, middle east, Europe & USA
• Enjoy different cultures – music, cuisine
• Sport – playing football and watching Blackpool FC
• Movies – films, series and cinema

References

Available on request.
Contact this candidate