DENNIS M. ROCKWELL
***** ********** ******
Kansasville, Wisconsin 53139
262-***-****
adosqa@r.postjobfree.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/dennisrockwell

BACKGROUND SUMMARY
ENGINEERING PROFESSIONAL (BSME) with extensive new product development experience in ISO certified and Lean manufacturing businesses. Strengths include leading engineering departments and cross functional teams in developing a wide range of products from high quality hand tools to complex electromechanical assemblies from concept to launch and beyond. Proven track record in:

Engineering Management
Engineering Documentation
Project Management
Hands-On Design & Procurement
Industrial Standards
Leading Kaizen Events

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
MULTI PRODUCTS COMPANY, INCORPORATED, Racine, WI 2009 to Present

Engineering Manager
Responsible for design, development, and manufacturing methods for all new products, coordination of engineering activities, prototyping, project estimates, scheduling & quality.
Converted the CAD system from a 2D AutoCAD system to a 3D based SolidWorks system.
Facilitate the weekly quality improvement & cost containment meetings.
Developed new suppliers for components for lower cost with improved quality & delivery.
Redesigned and retooled the 7000 series castings consisting of 45 new part numbers & developed a new insertion die with interchangeable insertion blocks for improved quality.
Redesigned and retooled the 9000 series castings consisting of 29 part numbers for improved quality while significantly lowering the production labor content.
Designed 82 new assembly dies, assembly jigs, fixtures & machine repair components.
Redesigned the old 300 series motors to the new 3000 series motors by converting the old die cast tooling then designed new assembly tooling.
Solved several customer quality issues by finding the true root cause of the problems.
Outsourced the higher volume rotor assemblies to a die cast version for lower cost.
Assist with the diagnosis and repair of the aging equipment when needed

STELLANA U.S., INCORPORATED, Lake Geneva, WI 2007 to 2009

Mechanical Research Engineer
Designed and developed the next generation of products with SolidWorks and a 3D printer. Conducted mechanical product testing and led process improvements using Lean methods.
Designed, prototyped and tested a new ultra low cost load wheel system for pallet trucks.
Engineered and validated a new bolt-on attachment system for solid polyurethane forklift tires.
Leader of the setup reduction Kaizen teams to rapidly convert from one polyurethane material to another and quickly change the product tooling for the next product to be cast.
Designed a new production machining cell using unique CNC equipment and robot for automated machining of the pallet truck load wheels.

DENNIS M. ROCKWELL, Page 2

INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR 2006 to 2007
INTERMATIC INCORPORATED, Spring Grove, IL via Professional Staffing Services

A Consulting Design Engineer creating models and drawings for new consumer timer products.
Redesigned a rain cover for lower cost injection molding tooling and ease of assembly.
Made prototypes components, assembled them and tested them for UL & CSA compliance.

BRADY CORPORATION, Milwaukee, WI via JellTech Consulting

A Consulting Project Manager responsible for the development of the new lock out & tag out stations.
Prepared the stage gate documentation and brought the project to the point of ordering the production injection molding tooling.

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED, Kenosha, WI 1998 to 2006

Senior Project Engineer
Project Manager responsible for the development of new professional hand tool products from concept to launch using Lean processes and methods.
Developed 57 new ratcheting box end combination wrenches with estimated annual sales of $4.7 million. A patent was received for latest ratchet mechanism design.
Managed development projects that resulted in the introduction of over 40 new hand tool products which increased sales $7.1 million over a three year period.

REGINA-EMERSON COMPANY, Waukesha, WI 1995 to 1998

Product Development Manager
Managed all U.S. engineering and quality functions. Accountable for the justification, design, development, production tooling and custom assembly equipment for all new U.S. products. Managed a staff of two direct reports.

ARENS CONTROLS INCORPORATED, Evanston, IL 1983 to 1994

Engineering Manager
Responsible for design, development, and manufacturing methods for all new products, coordination of engineering activities, project estimates and scheduling. Managed a staff of six direct reports and one semi-direct report.
*Progressively responsible positions as Staff Engineer, Project Engineer and Sr. Project Engineer.

EDUCATION
Bachelors of Science in Mechanical Engineering 1983, University of Illinois in Urbana, Illinois

COMPUTER SKILLS
CAD – SolidWorks 2020 – CSWA, AutoCAD 2006, Solid Edge R20, Catia V5, Pro/Engineer R18, & Cadkey99, CAE – SolidWorks Simulation, Catia GPS & GPA, Cosmos Express, Femap Express
Microsoft – Access, Excel, Outlook, Power Point, & Word 2019, Office Suite 2019, Project 2007
Contact this candidate