Thomas P. Benaglio
**** ****** *****
Highland, MI 48356
248-***-**** adoxam@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Innovative and visionary professional with years of engineering, program management, strategic positioning, sales and marketing for many industries including automotive, industrial, construction, military, aerospace, and medical.
Highly experienced manufacturing engineer for automotive and industrial powertrain components and systems and various non-automotive products. Manufacturing consultant maximizing production efficiencies, minimizing costs, CIP. Hands-on engineer.
Expertise motivating, mentoring, and training staff to improve company goals and project deadlines.
Demonstrated ability to lead a team in order to develop, build, and maintain critical customer relationships involving clear communication, persuasion and diplomacy. Team management from concept through installation to customer specifications meeting defined timelines and budgets.

PROFESSIONAL EMPLOYMENT
Hines Industries – Ann Arbor – Chief Operating Officer – Integrator 2018 to present
Manage Sales, Engineering, Service, and Manufacturing teams including administration. Company designs, develops, builds, and delivers custom built machines designed for balancing components in many industries including automotive, aerospace, medical, heavy equipment construction equipment, & defense.
Increased Sales revenue from $6MM to $12MM in 16 months.
Reorganized sales and incorporated lean manufacturing which was key to the above success

Eberspaecher North America – Wixom – Engineering Launch Manager/Program Manager 2017-2018
Lead a team of engineers, technicians, and hourly employees from design through production launch on 5-6 different programs for GM, Ford, and Chrysler for exhaust systems which included robotic welding.
Increased production by 25% and decreased scrap from 3% to 0.5% - lean manufacturing
Increased sales by 25% in 2 years due to improved customer relations

Impco Automotive – Sterling Heights – Engineering Manager/Program Manager 2012-2017
Design and development of alternative fuel systems for vehicles including light/medium duty trucks.
Lead team (35 direct reports) of product engineers, program managers, designers, manufacturing engineers, and technicians designing and developing systems thru release to production.
Increased sales by 35% managing customer relations

Engineering Consultant/Contract Engineering - The Productivity Team 2008–2012
Ford - Chicago Assembly Plant – Manager/Supervisor of Trim & Chassis
Manage manufacturing team for vehicle assembly line. Drove CIP through plant.
Caterpillar Inc. Peoria, IL – Advanced Manufacturing/Program Engineering Manager
Manage launch of new program for international project (Asia). Design and develop manufacturing, fabrication and assembly processes to produce the Track Type Tractors in a green facility.
1.Instrumental in creating project timelines/goals, and supplier selection
2.Develop lean manufacturing, fabrication processes and complete plant layout
Dowding Industries, Inc., MI – Mfg. Engineering Manager / Fabrications
Manage fabrication department including laser cutting, forming, friction welding, MIG and TIG welding including robotic welding and robotic programming (Kuka, Fanuc, Lincoln Electric).
1.Instrumental in reducing indirect labor costs (from 70 % indirect to 20%), reducing scrap from 7% to 1.5% and increasing production efficiencies through lean manufacturing
2.Design, develop, and implement robotic welding process for new customer programs.
3.Manage/coordinate engineering quotation process, forecast planning, quality and CIP.
Plastic Omnium – MI - - Engineering Manager of North America
Managed fuel systems development including blow molded fuel tanks and injection molded components.

Ceradyne Inc. - ESK Ceramics, MI – Sales, Marketing, Program Manager 2003-2008
Engineering coordination for innovative products for automotive, industrial, military and medical industries. Create new strategies to increase revenues and expand market base. Designed/develop manufacturing processes for new performance products for powertrain systems utilizing DFM. Managed/coordinated manufacturing sites in Europe for procurement of domestic products utilizing lean manufacturing.
Solely instrumental in increased sales by 85% with an additional 200% pending sales.
Consulting for manufacturing process improvements including lean manufacturing, project manager.
Instrumental in obtaining new business at Honda NA, John Deere, Harley-Davidson, Oshkosh, GM, Daimler-Chrysler, Ford, Roush, military and many other tier one customers.

Grob Systems, OH - Sales / Program Manager – Engineering Process Consultant 1997-2003
Orchestrate sales operations for Grob, a machine tool supplier. Direct the marketing focus for specific product lines supporting high volume manufacturing systems including flexible machining, CNC machining centers, special machines, assembly machines, and automation designs.
Developed and built a productive client base and maintained good customer relations.
Evaluated market trends, delivered effective sales presentations to executives of leading manufacturers, and created innovative strategies for increased production efficiencies.
Played a key role in expanding customer base (GMPT) in North America increasing sales by 75%.

Robert Bosch Corporation Farmington Hills, MI 1988-1997
Account Manager of Sales Engineering 1991-1997
Researched/analyzed market trends, evaluated target markets during new product development, and assisted with product and business development activities for Tier 1 Automotive supplier of engine and fuel management, HVAC, and ABS brake systems.
Responsible for managing $123 million in annual sales for various programs.
Administered sales/marketing budgets and supervised 8 designers, 6 product engineers, and
sales engineers. Supervised and motivated sales team to meet/exceed target sales goals.
Re-structured the organization into a matrix structure including European operations.
Engineering Design and Development Manager / Account Manager 1988-1991
Facilitated new product design/development and collaborated with Project Engineers to prepare proposals for long-term engineering contracts, create project budgets and product delivery schedules. Managed and trained 6 application engineers and 10 designers. Conducted customer meetings and made presentations at all customers. Team leader in lean manufacturing in SC plant for high volume injector and fuel pump production.
Designed and started production of first fuel pump module for domestic application.
Hold patent for specific liquid discriminating valve involving advanced fluid dynamics.
Designed high performance fuel systems for automotive industry.
Instrumental in increasing production output by 25% and reducing scrap by 15% of EV lines.

General Motors Corporation Detroit, MI 1980-1988
Advanced Powertrain Engineering Staff 1986-1988
Instrumental in developing future engine designs and manufacturing sites. Worked with engineering staff at the University of Illinois to develop computer simulation of machining processes. Developed and implemented CAT scan machine for process control.
Senior Production/Product Engineering 1980-1986
Designed the initial manufacturing processes of the Quad 4 engine components including blocks, heads, cams, cranks, rods, and pistons. Produced mechanical designs/drawings, communicated project details to production teams, and resolved various production and engineering problems.

EDUCATION - Michigan Technological University - Houghton, MI
B.S., Mechanical Engineering - Emphasis: Design/Manufacturing, Innovative Process Engineering
Contact this candidate