CURRICULAM VITAE
RAMESH. M
Email: adp16x@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +91-994**-*****
CAREER QUALIFICATION:
Mechanical & Structural Engineer, have more than 16+ years of experience in field of Mechanical and Steel Structural Design, Drafting & Detail Engineering. I am looking for a challenging position that allows me to find innovative solutions for various Engineering fields. EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:
Qualification #1 : DIPLOMA IN MECHANICAL ENGINEERING Duration Dec’ 2007
Computer knowledge : MS Office 2000
Design and Drafting Tool : Diploma in AutoCAD
(Mechanical Drawing)
: Solid Works, Inventor 2011, Tekla19.1 & Master Cam 2018 Software.
Experience Details:
ORGANIZATION #1:- : VIKRAM SOLAR LIMITED.
CHENNAI, INDIA.
Period : Dec’ 2020 to Till date
Position : Section Lead
Design Tool : AutoCAD 2021
Responsibilities:
Prepare plant layout drawing.
Prepare fabrication drawings like Support structure and Insert plate drawings. mechanical abilities to heating and cooling systems
Responsibility includes design and AutoCAD drafting of complete HVAC works including air distribution duct sizing, duct layout, refrigerant piping, chilled water piping, diffusers / grill sizing etc. and plumbing, drainage and firefighting layout
Inspected and revised submitted shop drawings and documents for adherence with design specifications.
Interacted with CAD staff, project managers and other trade professional to coordinate project drawings.
Prepare fabrication drawings and Part list (BOM).
Knowledge of SAP.
Complete engineering documents for steel support, Access facilities with BOM and weight calculation.
Handling technical queries from the workshop and vendors.
Implementing day to day development ideas in engineering execution.
Generate the Material take of (MTO) list based on detail of structural drawings. ORGANIZATION #2:- : Updater services (P) Ltd, Chennai Deputation to M/s FLSmidth Pvt limited.
CHENNAI, INDIA.
Period : Mar’ 2019 to Dec’ 2019
Position : Design Engineer
Design Tool : AutoCAD 2016 & Solid works
Responsibilities:
ESP – Electrostatic precipitator.
Prepare fabrication drawings like. Casing, Roof, Screen, screen rapping system, Insert plate drawings. mechanical abilities to design complicated heating and cooling systems
responsibility includes design and AutoCAD drafting of complete HVAC works including air distribution calculation, duct sizing, duct layout, refrigerant piping, chilled water piping, diffusers / grill sizing etc. and plumbing, drainage and firefighting layout
Inspected and revised submitted shop drawings and documents for adherence with design specifications.
Interacted with CAD staff, project managers and other trade professional to coordinate project drawings.
Prepare Purge air, Pipe routing, fabrication drawings and Part list (MTO).
Prepare load and foundation drawing and slide bearing layout drawing.
Complete engineering documents for fabric filter with steel support, Access facilities and weather enclosure engineering with BOM and weight calculation.
Handling technical queries from the workshop and vendors.
Checking the Documents for fabric filters, for cements and mineral plants.
Implementing day to day development ideas in engineering execution.
Generate the Material take of (MTO) list based on detail of structural drawings.
Incorporated Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerance (GD&T).
Assist co-coordinators to monitor fabrication and delivery schedule.
Industrial building steel structures for Cement and minerals Plant.
Prepare compressor-Pipe and piping drawings.
Prepare documentation for mechanical manuals.
Prepare Engineering requisition (ER).
Prepare vendor documentation.
Experience Details:
ORGANIZATION #3:- : Vinzas solution India Pvt limited. Chennai Deputation to M/s FLSmidth Pvt limited.
CHENNAI, INDIA.
Period : Jun’ 2012 to Feb’ 2019
Position : Design Engineer
Design Tool : AutoCAD 2016 & Tekla 19.1
Responsibilities:
Weather Enclosure.
Design access facilities for air pollution control equipment like Stair Tower, Emergency Ladder, Damper Access Platform and Drag Chain Conveyer Access Platform.
mechanical abilities to design complicated heating and cooling systems
responsibility includes design and AutoCAD drafting of complete HVAC works including air distribution calculation, duct sizing, duct layout, refrigerant piping, chilled water piping, diffusers / grill sizing etc. and plumbing, drainage and fire fighting layout
Inspected and revised submitted shop drawings and documents for adherence with design specifications.
Interacted with CAD staff, project managers and other trade professional to coordinate project drawings.
Developed plans, segments, specifications and fabrication and schematic drawings
Silo structure & GSA tower.
Review and checking of fabrication drawings for submissions and workshop fabrication.
Generate the Material take of (MTO) list based on detail of structural drawings.
Assist co-coordinators to monitor fabrication and delivery schedule.
Generate Duct routing and duct supports design and detailing.
Industrial building steel structures for Cement and minerals Plant.
Prepare compressor-Pipe and piping drawings.
Prepare electrical single line diagram and instrument drawings.
Prepare electrical documentation like consumer & Instrument list.
Prepare documentation for electrical and mechanical manuals.
Prepare Engineering requisition (ER).
Proposal preparation for internal projects.
Prepare vendor documentation.
Projects Responsibilities:
My responsibilities include preparing Engineering documentations, General arrangement drawings (GA), Fabrication drawings and MTO List as per their national codes and standards for steel structures and access facilities. ORGANIZATION #4:- : GB Engineering Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., TRICHY, INDIA.
Period : Jan’ 2010 to Jun 2012
Position : Assistant Design Engineer cum Draughtsman Design Tool : AutoCAD 2010 & Autodesk Inventor 2011. Responsibilities:
Preparing parametric models as per clients need.
Preparation the Detail Design of Pressure Vessels Parts using AutoCAD & Autodesk Inventor.
3D modelling and detailing of steam turbine parts by using & Autodesk Inventor.
3D modelling of Pressure parts.
Preparing a checklist to ensure the error free Modeling and 2D drawings.
Creating a Detailed drawing for manufacturing and assembly by implementing the GD & T
Prepare the production drawing with tolerance limits according with product type fabrication as per ASME & IBR Code standard.
Review all vendor documentations to assure the compliances with the design and technical requirements.
ORGANIZATION #5:- : KAMSUN Engineering Systems,
TRICHY, INDIA.
Period : Feb’ 2008 to Dec’ 2009
Position : Assistant Design Engineer
Design Tool : AutoCAD 2009 & Solid works 10.0
Responsibilities:
Preparing parametric models as per clients need.
Assisted Engineering Manager’s day to day schedule
Assisted Engineering Manager to meet customer’s technical issues and modifications.
Preparing the part drawings for manufacturing purpose.
Strong experience in the preparation of 2D production drawings for various industries.
Preparation & modification of production drawing as per my Senior Engineer’s instruction & as per the technical specification.
Development of model and detailed drawing through hand sketches.
Generation of Part Model Drawing, Assembly & BOM based on our client product data specification.
Identifying quality problems and their causes to take preventive action and to eliminate recurrence.
Attending various project execution meeting.
ORGANIZATION #6:- : L.G.BALAKRISHNAN & BRO’S Ltd., D-GUDALUR PLANT. KARUR, INDIA.
Period : Oct’2004 to Sep’ 2006
Position : Draughtsman
Design Tool : AutoCAD 2000
Responsibilities:
Assisting Engineering Manager’s day-to-day schedule.
Preparation of production drawings according with work order as per our engineering specification.
Generate the layout drawings for engineering approval for the new design.
Preparation of technical documents and drawings for quotation purpose.
Generation of Part Model Drawing, Assembly & BOM based on our client product data specification.
PERSONAL DATA:
Name : RAMESH .M
Date of Birth : 26-12-1986
General : MALE
Marital Status : MARRIED
Nationality : INDIAN
Language Known : English, Tamil
Pass Port No : N1350493
Strength : Highly organized, quick learner, communication skills I hereby declare that the above details are true to the best of my knowledge. Thank you,
Yours Faithfully,
(RAMESH.M)
Contact this candidate