JEFF CEURTER, PE
www.linkedin.com/in/jeff-ceurter
ANTIOCH, CA 214-***-**** adpd17@r.postjobfree.com
ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT PROJECT MANAGEMENT PROJECT TEAM LEADERSHIP Visionary leader experienced at motivating and challenging teams to develop, launch, and support unique, profitable and successful products in a global market. Over 20 years of diverse engineering experience have given me a detailed understanding of all aspects of business, helping me make well-informed decisions and develop creative solutions to complex problems.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Engineering Management
Product Development
Electro-Mechanical Design
MS Windows Office Suite
MS Project & SharePoint
SolidWorks, Pro/E, Wildfire, Creo
AutoCAD, Draftsight
SAP, Agile, Baan, Infor, Syspro
PDM, Intralink, Windchill
Project Management
Change Management
Team Development & Leadership
Leading by Example
Interactive & Articulate
Workplace Culture
People Management
Performance Metrics, OKR’s
Manufacturing Engineering
Safety, Risk Assessments
Continuous Improvement
Lean & Six Sigma Strategies
Kaizen Principles
ITW Toolbox:
80/20
Understand, Simplify, act (USa)
Product Line Simplification (PLS)
In-lining
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Led over 15 New Product Development projects from conception through launch.
Led dozens of root cause analysis to implement process changes to reduce product defects.
Implemented hundreds of Engineering Changes.
Built a culture of change and collaboration, especially with production teams.
Developed a project management system for Engineers to manage all their projects on one platform, with simple, live status reporting capabilities for project managers, technical resources, and executives (Smartsheet).
Developed Engineering Change Management system from scratch in MS Access.
Mentored over 20 Engineers in DFM, Project & Change Management and many other aspects of Engineering.
Led ITW USa project to improve ECR process (similar to Kaizan).
Developed a SharePoint list for steering committee project prioritization as well as an idea submission, tracking and prioritization tool for Engineering to use to select and act on impactful projects. JEFF CEURTER, PE Resume Page 2
ACCOMPLISHMENTS CONTINUED
Taught myself G-code and Pro/NC module to create programs for CNC machines direct from solid models.
Acted as a trusted sounding board for Sales Management, Director of Engineering, Customer Service Manager, General Manager and others. I love to share and brainstorm ideas for improvement across the company and helped implement several new ideas for all these “customers”.
Accomplished at gaining knowledge and experience, filling my “toolbox”, and making me efficient and successful at solving large varieties of problems with elegant solutions.
Extensive hands-on experience with cutting, shearing, braking, welding (MIG, TIG & stick), grinding, milling
(manual and CNC), drilling, turning, assembling, wiring, testing, PLC’s, servo drives, VFD’s, machine controls, system controls, safety controllers, light curtains, proximity switches, laser scanners and more.
Practical experience in designing for laser cutting & etching, waterjet cutting, forging, standard and cryogenic heat treatment, salt quenching, EDM, stamping, welding, milling, turning, shearing, braking, a multitude of fastening techniques, plasma cutting, oxy-acetylene torch cutting, robotic cells for MIG welding, friction welding, assembly, grinding, machining and polishing and more.
Exposure to Machine Control programming, PLC programming, HMI programming and design, system layout, custom PCB’s and more.
Wild Card: Designed and did all the construction for a master suite for my house in King George, VA, including all new plumbing and electrical for a master bath and walk-in closet. That’s just one of many home improvement projects I’ve tackled over the years.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Bishop Wisecarver, PITTSBURG, CA 2020 – Present
A $24 million manufacturer of DualVee® wheels and actuators for harsh and extreme environments. Sr Manager of Engineering Services & Testing: 10/2021-Present Report to Director of Engineering. Responsible for creating new revenue sources for custom engineered solutions, engineering services & testing.
Drafted business plan
Directing the implementation of the new directive Director of Engineering: 4/2020-9/2021
Reported to President & Owner. Responsible for managing a team of 3 Application Engineers, 2 Mechanical Engineers, 1 Product Engineer, and 1 Sr Mechanical Designer.
Successfully managed and built positive rapport with new team, through the pandemic
Implemented a new NPD process based off Lean Customer Development principles
Led the AE team through transition from 4 AE’s to 3 by implementing efficiency improvements and training myself and the other Engineers to help. Successfully maintain response times within 24 hours.
Implemented a new on-boarding system for new a Engineer that was adopted by HR team. JEFF CEURTER, PE Resume Page 3
Universal Dynamics Inc. (UnaDyn), a Piovan Company, FREDERICKSBURG, VA 2017 – 2020 Piovan is a $500 million, Italian based, manufacturer of auxiliary equipment for the plastics processing industry. Engineering Manager
Report to Director of Engineering. Responsible for managing a team of 7 Mechanical Engineers, 1 Sr Mechanical Designer, 1 Sr Electrical Designer, 1 Administrative Assistant and 3 Engineering Interns.
Became SME for gas-fired blowers and led a team of SME’s for dryers, feeders, blenders, blowers and vacuum systems and other process equipment.
Led all project management activities assigned to the Engineering team.
Responsible for supporting 100’s of active products as well as equipment over 40 yrs old.
Oversaw 1 NPD, 4 Industrialization and numerous product and process improvement projects.
Enjoyed mentoring a diverse team. Including interns, 9 of my team had less than 2 years’ experience.
Implemented an Engineering idea and project management system and an on-boarding program.
Implemented a OneNote “living database” for team sharing and continuous improvement. Klein Tools, Inc., MANSFIELD, TX 2014 – 2017
A $300 million manufacturer of world-class, professional grade tools. Product Design Manager
Reported to the Director of Mechanical Engineering. Responsible for leading a team of 6 Engineers, 2 Draftsmen and 1 Metallurgist in NPD, quality/sustaining and production support projects with a $1.2M departmental budget.
Directed nearly 25 NPD projects and over 50 cost reduction, quality improvement, sustaining and continuous improvement projects at any given time, all led by the Engineers on my team.
Directed successful launches of NPD projects in 2016, outperforming margin and revenue targets, and reaching $4.5M in new product annual revenue.
Established a collaboratively prioritized manufacturing support request database, resulting in more efficient use of resources, greater transparency and customer satisfaction.
Implemented a new fast-track drawing deviation workflow to minimize production delays.
Introduced Smartsheet and established it as the standardized platform for Engineers to manage ALL of their projects on one platform with simple to use task level reports and global project reports.
Coordinated the rewriting efforts of the Engineering Drafting Manual.
Launched centralized Design Guide and Engineering Reference databases to increase efficiency and consistency among the entire Engineering team.
Developed and refined the on-boarding process for Engineers and Draftsmen. ITW Building Components, GRAND PRAIRIE, TX 2011 – 2014 The leading supplier of innovative products and services for the building component industry. Engineering Manager, Alpine Equipment Division:
Reported to the Business Unit Manager. Responsible for leading and directing all design, development, manufacturing, quality, and industrial engineering, with up to 10 direct reports and a $1M budget.
Directed outsourcing efforts of several equipment models.
● Hired 4 contract Engineers to prepare drawings for an efficient, low risk transfer of knowledge.
● Coordinated and signed off on first article production after validating all engineering requirements.
Oversaw 4 control system upgrade and retrofit projects as a result of control system obsolescence and standard product lifecycle management.
Coordinated and prioritized Engineering resources in projects supporting Sales, Customer Service, Operations, Purchasing, Customers and Vendors.
JEFF CEURTER, PE Resume Page 4
ITW Building Components, GRAND PRAIRIE, TX 2004 – 2011 Mechanical Design Engineer, Alpine Equipment Division Reported to the Engineering Manager. Responsible for engineering design, engineering changes, and project management.
Designed the electro-mechanical system for 5 of 7 servo-controlled axis on the industry leading ALS4.0 linear saw. The design eliminated over 50 components, which increased accuracy by reducing tolerance stack-up, reduced cost 15% and cut assembly time in half.
Redesigned the industry leading EasyRider truss jigging table system to be faster, more accurate, easier to manufacture, more flexible and lower cost.
● Production was able to produce 4 per day with 2 people vs 2 per day with 4 people.
● Designed with 4 tiers of automation, to facilitate field retrofitting, which improved marketability.
Successfully led several projects to build equipment and systems to specific customer requirements, often under severe time constraints and penalty clauses.
Assisted in hiring, then trained and mentored 4 Mechanical Design Engineers.
Submitted over 800 Engineering Changes personally and managed the prioritization, distribution and completion of over 700 others.
Regularly traveled to the field to install, test and troubleshoot beta systems and to assist the customer service team when they are unable to find a root cause or when it’s obvious that custom field design retrofitting is needed.
Hayes & Stolz Industrial Manufacturing, Inc, FORT WORTH, TX 2002 – 2004 Worldwide leader in the design and manufacture of high-performance mixing, materials handling, and process equipment.
Mechanical Design Engineer
Reported to the Director of Engineering. Responsible for the design and improvement of bulk material handling equipment, such as mixers, blenders, bucket elevators, weigh feeders, distributors, gates and valves.
Successfully redesigned several equipment models in Pro/E for versatility and ease of manufacture, resulting in huge production time reductions.
Upgraded charted and hanging files to Pro/E – The new configurable design allows sales to offer thousands of combinations vs dozens in a more cost-effective manner.
● Allows inexperienced Pro/E users to enter data via a form with drop down fields and easily output a custom drawing package within seconds.
Developed new equipment ideas and reworked existing equipment according to customer needs. Special Fab & Machine, Inc., MANSFIELD, TX 2000 – 2002 Custom conveying and equipment manufacturer, primarily servicing food processing facilities as well as medical and other industries.
Mechanical Design Engineer
Reported to the Owner. Responsible for meeting with customers to define scope of work, layout design, detail design, project oversight, fabrication assistance, and installation.
● Project management – managed all projects from cradle to grave. o A typical project was a custom conveying solution to move product from A to B with various transitions, gates, metal detection, accumulation and other options for corn dogs, frozen patties, cooked sausage, ice cream bars, ice cream cookie sandwiches, milk jugs, and so much more, including applications like saline bags.
● Time management – typical lead times were 2 to 6 weeks. Long lead items were typically ordered within 24 hours of defining scope of work.
● Hands on – cutting, shearing, braking, welding, milling, punching, assembly, installation and other fabrication experience.
JEFF CEURTER, PE Resume Page 5
American Stress Technologies, PITTSBURGH, PA 1996 – 2000 Non Destructive Testing (NDT) Equipment and testing services. Sales and application support for Stresstech Oy equipment.
Mechanical Design Engineer
Reported to the President. Responsible for lab testing, applications development, field maintenance contracts, installations and various other customer service and sales related needs.
● Developed new applications and applied expert knowledge in the non-destructive testing fields of x-ray diffraction and micro-magnetics.
● Took a graduate level, 2 semester Materials Science course at the University of Pittsburgh to broaden my knowledge of materials science.
● Expert in x-ray diffraction stress analysis and retained austenite testing.
● Expert in Barkhausen Noise Analysis, an NDT technology similar to eddy currents.
● Over 40% travel for sales, application development, installations, training, service and presentations.
● Extensive internal report writing for laboratory testing. Published a technical paper with collaboration from Harley Davidson and presented at two conferences. Highly involved with the accreditation process of the laboratory, including writing and proofing manuals.
● Applications were far ranging and included automobile, aircraft, heavy equipment, and motorcycle drivetrain and engine components, underground pipes, railcar axles, turbine disks and ball bearings. EDUCATION/CERTIFICATIONS
MS, Mechanical Engineering, Binghamton University, Binghamton, NY The Thomas J. Watson School of Engineering
BS, Mechanical Engineering, Binghamton University, Binghamton, NY AS, Mechanical Engineering Herkimer County Community College, Herkimer, NY Materials Science Graduate Coursework, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA MILITARY EXPERIENCE
United States Army Reserve, Honorable Discharge, Sergeant – Squad Leader PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS
Professional Engineer (PE) – Mechanical/Texas/105917 – 2010 Patent – Truss Assembly Table with Automated Jigging – US 8,366,087 B2 – February 2013 Publications – The Barkhausen Noise Inspection Method for Detecting Grinding Damage in Gears, Gear Technology – 11/2002
SkillsPath Seminars, Dale Carnegie Management Courses, APICS, ITW Toolbox Training COMPUTER SKILLS
Pro/E – Wildfire – Creo, SolidWorks, PDM, Windchill, Intralink, Pro/Mechanica, AutoCAD, Pro/NC, MS Access Smartsheet, MS Project, Asana, Ally, SharePoint, MS Teams, OneNote, ETQ & QSI-Quality, Syspro, SAP, Baan/Infor, Agile, Showpad, MS Office Suite
Contact this candidate