Eng. Boniface K. Ogoma
** ****** ******** *****,
BEL AIR,
LA ROMAIN 650814, SAN FERNANDO,
TRINIDAD & TOBAGO,
WEST INDIES.

E-mail: adpibu@r.postjobfree.com, adpibu@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: + 868-***-**** or 498 2539
Home: + 868-***-**** or 697 7776

BONIFACE OGOMA KENYATTA

CURRICULUM VITAE

Present Position : Engineering and Surveying Officer – Ministry of Rural Development and Local Government.
Chaguanas Borough Corporation

Name of Firm : MINISTRY OF RURAL DEVELOPMENT AND LOCAL GOVERNMENT OF TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO.

Address : Kent House, Long Circular Road,
Maraval, Port of Spain,
Trinidad, West Indies.

Telephone : House, 1-868-***-**** or 697 7776
Cell, 1-868-***-**** or 1-868-***-****

Email Address : adpibu@r.postjobfree.com or adpibu@r.postjobfree.com

Profession : Engineer (Civil/Agricultural)

Date of Birth : 20th October 1968

Years with the Firm : 11 Years

Age : 52 years

Nationality : Kenyan

Membership of Professional Societies

Registered as a Graduate Member No. 2245 of the Institution of Engineers of Kenya. I am a member of Association of Professional Engineers of Trinidad and Tobago. I am also a Registered Engineer and a licensed member of the Board of Engineering of Trinidad and Tobago license.

Key Qualifications

I am a graduate in Engineering-Civil/Agric. with a wide professional experience in Civil/Structural Engineering works Design, Supervision and Contracts management. Since graduation in 1993, I have worked in several capacities where I have been involved in both design and implementation/supervision and contract management of various Agricultural, Irrigation, Water, and housing and Civil Infrastructure projects. I am currently the Project Engineer, Georgetown Water Supply and Sewerage Programme II, Guyana Water Inc., Georgetown. I am computer literate with solid and sound knowledge of Computer Aided Design (CAD) Application for Engineers, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel and Cropwat 5.1 for Irrigation Management and Scheduling. I hold a clean International driving permit/license.

Education

I am a holder of Bachelor of Science B.Sc. (Hon.) Engineering (Civil/Agricultural) from the University of Nairobi, Kenya, Africa. I am also a holder of a Certificate in Introduction to Finance from the Aston American University. I am also a holder of a Certificate in Introduction to Finance and Financial Management from the Aston American University. I am also a holder of a Certificate in APA Workshop from the Aston American University.

Employment Record

(A)Engineering and Surveying Officer- (Ministry of Rural Development and Local Government of Trinidad and Tobago-Chaguanas Borough Corporation) (February 2010-Present)

Plans, organizes, coordinates and controls all the engineering works within the jurisdiction of the Chaguanas Borough Corporation.
Supervises the work of technical, clerical and other subordinates engaged in activities within the jurisdiction of the Chaguanas Borough Corporation.
Exercises considerable independence within a framework of established policies and procedures.
Reviews plans and specifications and inspects sites of proposed projects prior to implementation to ensure adherence to established engineering standards and conformity with specifications and bye-laws.
Approves plans and specifications for structural works, including land development and improvement, within the Chaguanas Borough Corporation.
Maintains the Chaguanas Borough Corporations’ buildings, plant and equipment by inspecting and recommending repairs, replacement of part or rebuilding of structures and ensuring that such works are carried out in a timely and cost effective manner, in accordance with specification, and in keeping with existing legal stipulations.
Prepares and submits to Council, reports and estimates on buildings, roads and other engineering works carried out by the Chaguanas Borough Corporation.
Responsible for official Chaguanas Borough Corporation maps.
Oversees and reviews consultant’s work for accuracy and professionalism, negotiates contracts, sees to the completion of contracts.
Supervises and coordinates GIS applications for the Technical Unit.
Provides counsel to all departments on matters of engineering and surveying.
Answers technical questions and provides information to the public.
Performs related duties as required.
(B)Project Manager-(Trinity Housing Ltd & Broadway Properties Ltd.)

1.Corinth Hills Housing Development Project (February 2008-July 2009)

Project Planning,
Project Coordination and Execution, Construction Management & Closing of Project.
Client Liaison.
Sub Contracts Management i.e. sub-contractors and suppliers enquiries.
Implementation of Health, Environment and Safety Procedures.

2.Pleasantville Senior Comprehensive School Project (April 2008-July 2009)

Project Planning,
Project Coordination and Execution, Construction Management & Closing of Project.
Client Liaison.
Sub Contracts Management.
Implementation of Health, Environment and Safety Procedures.

(C)Chief Project Manager (Ag.)- (Government Primary Schools and Early Childhood Care and Education Centers.)

3.Icacos Government Primary School (January 2007-February 2008)

Project Management. (Project Planning, Execution, Construction Management & Closing of Project).

4.Arima West/Arima New Government Primary (April 2007- February 2008)

Project Management-(Project Planning, Execution, Construction Management & Closing of Project).

5.Tranquility Government Primary School (August 2007-date)

Project Management.-(Project Planning, Execution, Construction Management & Closing of Project)

6.St. Mary’s Moruga Government Primary School (November 2007-date)

Project Management.-(Project Planning, Execution, Construction Management & Closing of Project)

7.22 No. Early Childhood Care and Education Center (ECCE) (January 2007-date) namely El Socorro North, La Peurta, Petit Valley, Little Gems, Chinapoo.

Project Management.-(Project Planning, Execution, Construction Management & Closing of Project).

(D)Civil/Structural Engineer
Projects Handled among others

8.El Dorado Junior Comprehensive School (August 2006-January 2007)

Structural and Civil Engineering Design.

9.El Dorado Secondary Comprehensive School (June 2006- January 2007)

Structural and Civil Engineering Design.

10.San Juan Secondary Comprehensive School (April 2006- January 2007)

Structural and Civil Engineering Design.

11.Icacos Government Primary School (April 2006- January 2007)

Structural and Civil Engineering Design Reviews and Design.

12.St. Mary’s Government Primary School (April 2006- January 2007)

Structural and Civil Engineering Design Reviews and Design.

13.Palo Seco Government Primary School (Apr.2006-Dec. 2006)

Structural and Civil Engineering Design Reviews and Design.

14.Canmar Investment Strategists (April 2006-Dec. 2006)

Structural and Civil Engineering Design.

15.Petrotrin Proposal (April 2006-Dec. 2006)

Pipeline viaduct Structural and Civil Engineering Design proposal for Petrotrin.

16.TTPost Delivery Offices (April 2006-Dec. 2006)-(Carenage, St. James, San Juan, Santa Flora, Maraval, St Ann, Morvant, Laventille etc.)

Project Administration and Management.
Structural and Civil Engineering Design.

(E)Project Engineer-Guyana Water Inc.
(Aug. 2005 to Mar. 2006)

Projects Handled.
17.Shelter Belt Water Treatment Plant-Rehabilitation (Aug. 2005-Mar. 2006) – (US$ 1,100,000.00) G$ 200,000,000.00

Prepare Engineering Designs and tender documents and carry out supporting quality-surveying exercises and cost and time schedules. (Including mathematical calculations and models, conditions of contract, specifications and bill of quantities, Gantt and CPM charts).
Perform technical analysis of Contractor pre-qualification documents, the evaluation of tenders for construction work and the procurement of goods and services.
Evaluate, review and revise projects for accuracy, soundness and feasibility and cost implications and to recommend solutions to Engineering problems.
Test pipelines in accordance with approved guidelines and procedures, and direct the Contractor to install the transmission main in accordance with the Technical Specifications.
Monitor the stages of the Project cycle and to record the status and recommend measures to improve project implementation at each Project stage.
Evaluate claims for payment and to assess the value of work performed and the materials on site and in other locations.
Maintain and ensure that all records of construction activities, including As-Built drawings and materials on site and consumed in the construction process are accounted for on a regular basis.
Perform other related duties and responsibilities consistent with the level and purpose of the post.
Assist in the preparation of site reports and minutes of the site meetings.

(F)Civil/Site Engineer-B.K International Inc.
(Dec. 2004 to Jul. 2005)

Projects Handled among others.

18.Construction of Roads Drains and Structures in Block 8, Mon Repos Housing Scheme Phase II, Region 4, Georgetown, Guyana. South America (Dec. 2004-Jul. 2005) –G$ 20,577,832.00

Manage and Supervision of Engineering and Construction works for the Project at its location. Responsible for liaison with all relevant parties, e.g. Consultants, and stakeholders, implementation of the works, communities, Quality control and measurement of works. On site Engineering Design works. Maintenance of the site records, compiling and presentation of progress reports, administration, processing, verification and preparation of interim payment certificates and design modifications.

19.Earthwork and Piling-TCL/GNIC Wharf. (Dec. 2004-Jun. 2005)
(Pile Diving, excavations and Backfilling).-G$ 1,029,735,125.00

Manage and Supervision of Engineering and Construction works for the Project at its location. A total of 455 piles were driven Responsible for liaison with all relevant parties, e.g. Consultants, and stakeholders, implementation of the works, communities, Quality control and measurement of works. On site Engineering Design works. Maintenance of the site records, compiling and presentation of progress reports, administration, processing, verification and preparation of interim payment certificates and design modifications.

20.2nd Sea Defense Project West Coast Berbice from Profit to Belladrum. (Dec. 2004-to date)
(Construction of Sea Defense).-G$ 1,029,735,125.00

Manage and Supervision of Engineering and Construction works for the Project at its location. Responsible for liaison with all relevant parties, e.g. Consultants, and stakeholders, implementation of the works, communities, Quality control and measurement of works. On site Engineering Design works. Maintenance of the site records, compiling and presentation of progress reports, administration, processing, verification and preparation of interim payment certificates and design modifications.

21.Guysucco Pump Stations. (Nov. 2004-to date)
(6 No. Pump Stations at Chesney, Park Lane, Riverside, Bath, Zee berg and De Willem). G$ 25,679,930.00

Manage and Supervision of Engineering and Construction works for the Project at its location. Responsible for liaison with all relevant parties, e.g. Consultants, and stakeholders, implementation of the works, communities, Quality control and measurement of works. On site Engineering Design works. Maintenance of the site records, compiling and presentation of progress reports, administration, processing, verification and preparation of interim payment certificates and design modifications.

(G)Regional Engineer-Voluntary Service Overseas (V.S.O.). (February 2003 – November 2004) Regional Democratic Council, Upper Demerara/Berbice, 19 Republic Avenue, Mackenzie, Linden.

Role played,

1.Preparation of Contract Documents, Tendering, Evaluation and analysis, Contract awards and Negotiations
2.Design and Supervise the Design of Roads and Bridges
3.Supervise the Construction of Roads and Bridges, buildings, Drainage and Irrigation and River and Sea Defense and other Infrastructures arising.
4.Prepare and Audit of Bills of Quantities for projects in the Region # 10
5.Work with the Local Graduate Engineer and Senior Superintendent of Works/Overseer to develop the Regional Engineering Capacity
6.Verification and approval of payments for Contracts Executed.
7.Train on the use of AutoCAD 2002 Programme for staff.

Projects Handled among others.

22.Amelia’s Ward Students’ Hostel. (Sept. 2003-to date)
(Construction of Amelia’s Ward Students’ Hostel).

Regional Engineer-Supervision of Construction works for Hostel. Responsible for liaison with all relevant parties, e.g. Consultants, and Contractor, implementation of the works, communities, Quality control and measurement. Maintenance of the site records, compiling and presentation of progress reports, administration, processing, verification and certification of interim payment certificates and design modifications.

23.Watooka Day Primary School-Sanitary Block. (July 2003-Feb. 2004).

Design, Preparation of Bills of Quantities, Preparation of Contract document and specifications as well as Construction supervision while meeting set deadlines.

24.West Watooka Drainage and Irrigation Weir Project. (Oct.2003-Jan. 2004)

Regional Engineer-Design of Box Culverts and Irrigation Canals. I was Responsible for liaison with all relevant parties, Agricultural Communities, Quality Control and measurement of Works. I was also responsible for maintenance of site records, compiling progress reports, administration, processing, verification and certification of interim payments as well as Design modifications.

25.Rehabilitation of Hymara Creek/Independence Avenue Precast Concrete Bridge-Linden. (Dec.2003-Jan.2004)

Co-ordination, Design and Supervision of Designs, as well as procurement of Contract.

26.Design of the New Health Posts-Three Friends, Old England and Ebini. Design Review of Amelia’s Ward Health Center. (Jun.2003-Dec.2003)

Regional Engineer-I was responsible for the civil works including Design & Supervision of Health posts’ Structure, Electrical Works, Water Supply/Reticulation System, Sanitation/Sewerage disposal Systems, Quality Control and measurement of Works. I was also responsible for maintenance of site records, compiling progress reports, administration, processing, verification and certification of interim payments as well as Design modifications.

27.Rehabilitation of RDC Administration Building. (Jun.2003-Jan.2004)

Regional Engineer-Design and Supervision of Construction works for the Rehabilitation Works. Responsible for liaison with all relevant parties, e.g. Contractor, implementation of the works, ends users, Quality control and measurement. Maintenance of the site records, compiling and presentation of progress reports, administration, processing, verification and certification of interim payment certificates and design modifications.

28.Ituni-Kwakwani Road Project (Jul.2003-Oct.2003)

Supervision of Construction Works of 1.7 km. Fair Weather Road.

29.Rehabilitation of Sections of Blue Berry Hill Roads and Drains Road Project (Jul.2003-Jan.2004)

Regional Engineer-Design and Supervision of Construction Works of 2.3 km of Double Bitumen Surface Treatment and 9.6K.M of estate Fair Weather Roads. Responsible for liaison with all relevant parties, e.g. Contractor, implementation of the works, ends users, Quality control and measurement. Maintenance of the site records, compiling and presentation of progress reports, administration, processing, verification and certification of interim payment certificates and design modifications.

(H)Water, Irrigation and Sanitation Engineer.
March 1997-February 2003 Otieno Odongo & Partners Consulting Engineers-Nairobi, Kenya.

Projects Handled.

30.Four Towns Pilot Management Project. (Sept. 2001-Feb. 2003)
(Rehabilitation & Institutional Strengthening for Siaya Water Supply Project).

Resident Engineer-Supervision of Construction works for Siaya Water Supply Project. Responsible for liaison with all relevant parties, implementation of the works, communities, Quality control and measurement. Maintenance of the site records, compiling and presentation of progress reports, administration, processing, verification and certification of interim payment certificates and design modifications.

31.Technical and Financial Proposal writing. (Oct. 1998-Feb. 2003).

Writing of Expression of Interest, Technical and Financial Proposals in search of new Engineering Consultancy Contracts including Water Supply and Sanitation Engineering Contracts while meeting set deadlines.

32.Yala Swamp Irrigation Weir Project. (Oct.1998-Sept. 2001)

Resident Engineer (Previously Assistant Resident Engineer)-Supervision of Structural Construction Works for Yale Swamp Irrigation Weir, Protection Dykes and Barrier Dykes and Feeder Canals. I was Responsible for liaison with all relevant parties, Agricultural Communities, Quality Control and measurement of Works. I was also responsible for maintenance of site records, compiling progress reports, administration, processing, verification and certification of interim payments as well as Design modifications.

33.Kisumu Water Supply Project. (Jan.1998-Oct.1998)

Co-ordination and Supervision of Geo-Technical Investigations, Geophysical Investigations, Topographical Surveying and Design.

34.Design of the Rehabilitation of Hospital facilities in Kenya. (26No. Hospitals)(Dec.1997-Oct.1998)

I was responsible for the civil work including Design of Water Supply/Reticulation System, Design of Roads and Storm Water Drainage, Design of Sanitation/Sewerage disposal Systems.

35.Rehabilitation of Domestic Sewerage in Mumias Sugar Ltd. (Mar.1997-Dec.1997)

I was involved in the Supervision of Implementation Works of Domestic Sewerage disposal in Mumias.

36.Paw Paw Road Project (Mar.1997-Jun.1997)

Supervision of Construction Works of 4.0 km. Urban Road.

(I)Agricultural Engineer.

Aug. 1996-Mar.1997 : Lima Limited-Nairobi, Kenya

Dealers in Agricultural Tractors and Implements, Water Pumps, Concrete mixers, Construction Equipments and material handling equipment.

(J)Acting Quality Control Technician (Contract)

Feb.1996-Aug. 1996 : Colgate-Palmolive-Nairobi, Kenya

Manufacturing of fast moving consumer products such as Colgate toothpaste, Palmolive soap, Liquid and Paste Detergents to mention a few.

I played the role of checking and maintaining the steam quality control, Chemical Analysis and control of Liquid and Paste detergents including making and finishing processes.
(K)Technical Trainee

Jun.1993-Feb.1995 : Lima Limited-Nairobi, Kenya

Dealers in Agricultural Tractors and Implements, Water pumps, Construction Equipments, sales and service and stockiest of all their spare parts.

I gained both in depth in house and field experience, served in the workshop, sales and spare parts departments as well as gaining hands-on Engineering skills.
Languages,

I am fluent in English and Kiswahili and French (Learning) and Lingala

Referees:

1Tim Johnson, M.S.S., M.A.
Director of the ESL Program / Adjunct Faculty Instructor of Business
Aston American University
Telephone, +420-*********
Email, adpibu@r.postjobfree.com
Skype: ncwesleyan2000
www.aaun.us

2Eng. Jameel Mohammed,
Technical Officer (My Manager/Supervisor in a higher position than me),
Ministry of Rural Development and Local Government,
Kent House Marava,
Port of Spain,
Trinidad and Tobago.
Cell, 1-868-***-****
Email, adpibu@r.postjobfree.com

3Eng. Patrick Drake.
Senior Project Engineer (My Manager/Supervisor in a higher position than me),
Trinity Housing Limited and Broadway Properties Limited,
No. 1 Tradezone,
El Socorro,
Trinidad.
Cell, 1-868-***-****
Email, adpibu@r.postjobfree.com

Signature Date
or Authorized Representative
Contact this candidate