CURRICULUM VITAE

GENERAL

NAME : Ahmed Hussein Abdel Salam Megahed
DATE OF BIRTH : 1 st January / 1972
PLACE OF BIRTH : Giza, Egypt
POSITION : Telecommunication and Information Technology General Manager at Petrogulf Misr Petroleum Company
NATIONALITY : Egyptian
MARITAL STATUS : Married
E-M@il : ahmedmeg123 @yahoo.com & @hotmail.com
adplip@r.postjobfree.com
PERMANENT ADDRESS : Flat 3 Building 9 Part no. 26 Arad Elgamayat Ismaillia TELEPHONES : 0100 / 3404002, 0111 / 1124450 (mobiles), (064-*******

Languages Proficiency

Arabic Excellent – Read, Written and Spoken
English Good - Read, Written and Spoken
French Fair - Read, Written and Spoken

EDUCATION

B.Sc Electrical Engineering of Industrial Electronics and Communication (1995)
Grade ”V.GOOD"
Senior (5th.Year) Research Title : ”Microcomputer Systems Introduction & Application”
Grade:”EXCELLENT” .
Senior (5th.Year) Project Title: ”UltraSonic Computer Communication Systems ”
Senior Project Grade:’EXCELLENT’
Diploma(3rd.Year) Project Title: ”Digital Logic kit "Project Grade:”V.GOOD”.
Completed MCP for Networking Essentials and Reading both of Microsoft Certified Systems Engineering requirement MCSE, CISCO Certified CCNA & CCNP .

ACADEMIC COURSES

Microprocessor - Micro Electronics - Computer Languages & Application - Measurements Courses - Automatic Control - Printed Circuits Technology - V.L.S.I (Very Large Scale Integration) - Fiber optics - Analog & Digital communications - Antenna Theory (Analysis & Design) - Networks (LAN, MAN, WAN) - Digital Logic Circuits - Waves - Semiconductors - Computer Architecture - Machines - Electrical Field Theory - Computer Organization - Information Theory - Microprocessor Base System - Digital Signal Processing (D.S.P) - Transmission Line - Parallel Processing .

Career Goals

I am seeking a challenge engineering career opportunity with future growth and advancement potential within a rapid growing firm To fully utilize my current Experience, abilities and knowledge . At the same time, my diversified background, academic studies, training and related experience within various environments can be utilized and applied to achieve the optimum and continue to lean and keep on leading edge of current Electronics, Communication and computer technologies .

Rang of Experience includes :-

Lecturer in Faculty of Engineering Demonstrate { Micro Electronics, Fiber Optics, Analog & Digital Communication Systems, Computer Networks ( LAN, MAN, WAN ), Digital Signal Processing ( DSP ), Information Theory } .
Communication system s fields ( Services, Installation and support ) .
Deployment and upgrade strategies, integration testing
Customer services and support .
Responsible for trouble shooting & repair for major breakdowns & warranty services.
Carry out the proper implementation of new projects and expansions.
Prepare inspection test sheets and conduct site test inspection for approval of Client .
Train the qualified Operators, Senior Technician and Junior, Seniors Engineers Short Courses & Long Courses, apprize and Evaluation them Performance .
Petroleum fields On job training for both sites Onshore and Offshore .
Managerial experiences since senior Engineer till current position .
Preparing tender documents for service & preventive maintenance contract.
Coordinates equipment load-out, set-up and installation, tests & commissioning of communications equipment, i.e. satellite telecommunication stations, antenna, repeaters, trunk circuits, PSTN & radio interface, ducting and cable line laying.
Projects Managerial experiences in Telecommunication and Information Technology for both sites Onshore and Offshore .
Prepare & interface channel card, signaling cards for the correct strapping and attenuation level required by the new circuits, interface existing and new telecommunications unit.
Supervise the commissioning team of Telecoms Engineers & Technicians responsible in monitoring and inspection for the compliance in the implementation and execution of the scope of work carried out by Contractors and Vendors to ensure consistent application of owner-approved standards and specifications.
One of Emergency team leaders for geographical Red See .

Practical Training In Student Stage

1- From (July to September )1990 & 1991 :
Training at Telemaser Factory (NEC) For Fabricate & Collections Electronics devices (TV’s,VIDEO, Radios etc. ) “EXCELLENT”.
Training at Egyptian Radio & Television Building ( Masbero and Ismailia CH 4 ) “EXCELLENT“.

2- From (July to October ) 1992, 1993 & 1994 :
Training at GUPCO Petroleum Company At It’s Field “Abuo_Elghradeaa” at West Desert
Training at Khalda Petroleum Company At Both (Head Office & Fields at West Desert)
Both Grade At Two Companies Are “ EXCELLENT “ .

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

@ Computer Languages & Skills :
1. Operating System DOS
2. Programming Language BASIC, Pascal, Assembly 6800, Assembly 8086 And Assembly 8088 .
3. Computer Assembly, Computer Maintenance Windows, Windows applications,.. ).
4. Computer Installing and Solving S/W & H/W troubleshooting
5. Good Working Abilities in most commercials Application .
@ Electronics & Communication Skills
1.Good Working Abilities in most special Application of Electrical Circuit Analysis, Design, Graph By using Electrical Programs (PCB, SPICE, HIBRADE Filter, SMARTWORK, etc. ).
2.Electronics System Analysis ( Planning, Design, Simulation ) .
3.My main skill is the ability to learn, understand and merge completely with any new system, not only that but also ability of developing the methods and tools to implement, customize, support the system in order to get the maximum gain and best result .

Soft and Technical Training

Service Excellency : understanding people categories, dealing with different types of people, customer relationship management, Sept. 1996 .
How to do it right first time : Concepts of Total Quality Management, zero defect products and service, action plan, Oct. 1997 .
Maintenance and Planning Management March 1998 .
Y2k Project Management Workshop, April 1998 .
Network Essential IBM / Shooter++, June 1998 .
Defensive Management Drive, Sept. 1998 .
Optical Fiber Communication Systems, Feb. 1999 .
Preparation Budget, Sept. 1999 .
Operating Systems DOS, Windows 3.11 Workgroup, 95, 98, NT, Oct. 1999 .
Data Communication Advanced Topics and Application, Nov. 2000 .
Local Area Network ( LAN ) and Internetworking, March 2001 .
Maintenance and troubleshooting of LAN hardware network cards and hubs
Techniques of Marine Personals Safety, Survivals, Searching and Rescues, May 2001 .
English Courses Language Development by BLI Center :October 2001 for 72 hour
Excel 97, 2000 Courses : Mach 2002
ATM Asynch. Transfer Mode { Unified Platform for Broadband Communication } : October 2002
Principles of IP telephony { VOIP } Voice Over Internet Protocol : December 2002
Managing & Maintaining ( MS Windows Server 2003 ) : April 2004
Implementing & Managing ( MS Exchange Server 2003 ) : May 2004
Information Network Security : December 2004
Microsoft office Access of ( XP and 2003 ) : June 2005
Cisco Certified Network Associated ( CCNA ) : November 2005
MS Windows Server 2003 Active Directory : December 2005
Safety Risk Assessment and OHSAS 18001 : May 2006
Safety Accident Investigation : October 2006
Safety Work Permit System : November 2006
Oil Spill Management ( IMO Level I ): December 2006
Preparation Tender and Evaluatation : January 2007
Basic Managerial Skills : March 2009
Advanced Managerial Skills : March 2010
Oil Spill Management ( IMO Level II ) : May 2011
Advanced Managerial Skills ( MBA ) : Feb 2013
Occupational, Health,Safety members Committee : December 2013
Risk Assessment Mangerial Skills : Feb 2014
Oil Spill Management ( IMO Level II ) : May 2015
Advanced Managerial Skills : March 2016
Career History

1.Feb --- July 1995 Standardata Egypt
Hi-Tech System Engineer
Computer Assembly and Computer Maintenance
Solving S/W and H/W Problem
Full Responsibility of maintenance computers H/W for contracted Companies

2. May -- August 1996 Middle East Egypt Maintenance Company
System Maintenance Engineer
Maintain Panasonic Copy Machines and Fax m/c's .
Install and Maintain Sound System .

3. August -- November 1996 Egyptian Radio & Television Building Masbero
Video Tape & Master Control Room Engineer
Maintain and Repairing Video Tape m/c’s Including H/W and S/W .
Maintain and Repairing On Air Announcing m/c's H/W and S/W .

4. October 1996 -- To July 2006 Geisum Petroleum Company
A} 1996 - 1998 Telecom Maintenance Engineer
B} 1998 - 2001 Senior Telecom & Information Technology Engineer
C} 2001 - 2004 Telecom Maintenance Section Head
D} 2004 - 2006 Telecom Engineering Department Manager

Self motivated, High ability to self studying, Self updating, Hard Worker and fighter opposite any faced problems .
Full Responsibility Of Geisum Fields Communication Devices Onshore, Onshore and Offshore Wire Communication and Wireless Communication, Mobile Vehicles, Microwave Central station and Outstation, VHF Radios Base Land & Portable And VHF Marine radios, telemetry System ( SCADA ), Paging System, Internal PABX Software and Hardware and communicate between Onshore and Offshore PABX for Extensions, E1 and Trunks, Sound Systems, Public Address System PA,Transfer PSD ( Production Signal Shutdown ) from Remote Onshore and Offshore platforms to Control room, Emergency Alarm System, Extended Telephone network Cables, Optical Fiber cables and Provided Any Modification Are Needed In both Sites { Onshore & Offshore } .
Install and extended Optical Fiber ( SM & MM ) cable for onshore fields and great known of optical fiber connector welding technology .
Install and adjustment Compaq, HP servers ( Domain, Child Domain and Domain Controller ), 3COM switch ( 4400, 4900 Backbone ) and extending, testing UTP cables for all PC’s at buildings .
Earthing works for underground bare copper conductor earthing at tray equipment.
Study and review plans, design, specification and cost estimate, technical adequacy and makes necessary recommendation thereon.
Full Responsibility Of Geisum Oil Fields [ Onshore & Offshore ] Computers and Communication Devices and some of Friendly Companies Of Technical Support {Installation, Commissioning, Repairing and Maintenance}.
Install of Windows ( 3.1, 3.11 Workgroup, 95, 98, NT Workgroup, Windows 2000, Windows XP, Window 7, Winows 8,Windows 2003 Server ) Microsoft Office { 6, 97, 2000, XP, 2003, 2007, 2010 }, MS 2003 Exchange, MS Project ….. etc .
Configure all Peripherals and Solving S/W and H/W Problems, Troubleshooting and Provide Technical Support, Specifications For PC’s, Printers, Plotters, Scanners, CD-ROM’s., etc and Repair and adjustment fields PC’s for windows, windows update . Antivirus and joining all PC’s to Network Domain .
Troubleshooting and Hardware Maintenance and Provides Technical Support to PC’s Users Workstation and Peripheral Equipment’s .
Worked In Khalda Petroleum Company On Loan Base From Geisum that had planned, design and executing the biggest Telecommunication Microwave Projects done in West Desert in Egypt that had covered All Petroleums Companies and Establish Computer Data Network that Shared Mask Material for all West Desert Warehouses and Done SCADA Control Systems for The Union Egyptian GAS Network From May 98 – Jun 1999 .
Routine checks to communication batteries/back-ups, rectifiers & solar power systems in various stations & repeater sites.
Cabling of voice & data circuits, such as: extended subscriber telephone, red line telephone, trunk circuits, radio interface unit, protective relaying circuits, EDP circuits, RTUs and power supply.
Design for Telecommunication and Information Technology for Gas Plants in West Desert for all Communication Devices and facilities, Data Network and Helping Instruments Team for their cable layout .
Install, Maintain and Working In Mostly Software Programs Used like GMS { Maintenance Sector and Planning Sector}& MMS, IMS { Material, Maintenance Sectors } and CSI Mastertrand For Vibration Analysis Used In Mechanical Dept. based on Stand alone computers or in Network members computers .
Troubleshoot and repair RF system malfunctions on both forward and reverse systems,
Assist and develop PC ITRs and Commissioning work packs.
Installation and Maintain All Satellite & TV’s networks System and extending TV network cables at both sites ( onshore and offshore ) and Working for CCTV Security Wired and Wireless Network for both sites Onshore and Offshore .
1.5 GHZ Area Radio network using the TDMA techniques to cover 3 Areas for fixing station and movable rigs station with capacity of each central and out stations of 48 lines each, while the remote station of capacity 2 lines each to cater for normal telephone & data service ( SRT- 100 & 500 ),1.5 GHZ point to point three radio links using TDM with QPSK technique for telephone and data services and worked for all Microwave modern 2.4 GHz, 5.8 GHz OFDM Types Point to Point or point to Multi Point for Onshore and Offshore ( RedLine ave 50& 80, Motorola, …. etc ) .
Organize and participate in group safety meetings, tool box talks and pre-job safety meetings.
Manage and supervision maintenance and operation of Radio Room Operators day and night shifts and Telecommunication Equipments ( Fax m/c, VHF Radios { Marine, Base Station, Portable }, PABX Console, GMDSS Equipment, Phone patch and Emergency Alarms and announcement center )

5. July 2006 -- To Date ( Present ) PetroGulf Misr Petroleum Company
Telecommunication and Information Technology Assist. General Manager
Telecommunication and Information Technology General Manager

Full Responsibility Of PetroGulf Misr Petroleum Fields [ Onshore & Offshore ] Computers and Communication Devices and some of Friendly Companies Of Technical Support {Installation, Commissioning, Repairing and Maintenance} in Suez Gulf Petroleum companies .
Installation, Repairing and modification of Telecommunication and Information Technology systems .
Supervising, Managerial skills for Team of Telecom and Information Technology Teams consists of 28 persons for Onshore and Offshore working and follow up systems with PM ( Preventive Maintenance ) and Corrective Maintenance
Install and extended Optical Fiber ( SM & MM ) cable for onshore fields and great known of optical fiber connector welding technology .
Member of the Pre-commissioning, Commissioning, Technical Evaluation Teams In Many Petroleum companies .
Budgetary preparing for requesting department material for routine and non routine works and all administration works .
Member of Emergency and Oil Spill Team of Suez Gulf and Northen Petroleum companies .
Study and review plans, design, specification and cost estimate, technical adequacy and makes necessary recommendation thereon,
Risk assessment Procedures for all routine and non routine working for all Telecommunication and Information Technology Working .
Routine checks to communication batteries/back-ups, rectifiers & solar power systems in various stations & repeater sites.
Cabling of voice & data circuits, such as: extended subscriber telephone, red line telephone, trunk circuits, radio interface unit, protective relaying circuits, EDP circuits, RTUs and power supply.
Supervisor, Installation for extending Submarine cables ( Copper, Metals, Optical Fiber ) for Electrical, Instrumentation and Telecom Cables .
Member American Telecommunication and Information Technology Consulting Gerson Lehrman Group GLG Group Consulting Management Platform with ID 5030492 .
Manage and supervision maintenance and operation of Radio Room Operators day and night shifts and Telecommunication Equipments ( Fax m/c, VHF Radios { Marine, Base Station, Portable }, PABX Console, GMDSS Equipment, Phone patch and Emergency Alarms and announcement center )
Full Responsibility Of PetroGulf Misr Fields Communication Devices Onshore, Onshore and Offshore Wire Communication and Wireless Communication, Mobile Vehicles, Microwave Central station and Outstation, VHF Radios Base Land & Portable And VHF Marine radios, telemetry System ( SCADA ), Paging System, Internal PABX Software and Hardware and communicate between Onshore and Offshore PABX for Extensions, E1 and Trunks, Sound Systems, Public Address System PA,Transfer PSD ( Production Signal Shutdown ) from Remote Onshore and Offshore platforms to Control room, Emergency Alarm System, Extended Telephone network Cables, Optical Fiber cables and Provided Any Modification Are Needed In both Sites { Onshore & Offshore } .
Directing and supervising the operation and maintenance to insure the achievement of the operation plan and targets and Managing the daily support activities including co-ordination with the field customer support team and the clients with Safety Instructions and Safety Policies .
Carry out the designing and installations of communication network for VHF & UHF radios & mobiles with telephone interconnect in order to access the network nationwide.
Carry out maintenance, testing of all communication equipment, i.e. PABX, MDF, multiplexer, voice plus equipment, parameter leveling of VSAT & repeater to its correct attenuation level, modem, routers, hubs, ducting and cable laying, splicing and testing of fiber optic cable, etc..
Developing and implementing the organization culture within the departments in order to gain the employee commitment to implement new procedures for the organization’s business strategies and goals, also to represent the ideas of senior management and Participation and assistance in the company strategies and decisions also assistance in setup and implementation of administration policies and procedures .
Member of Emergency Team Leader for Red See Zone .
Organize and participate in group safety meetings, tool box talks and pre-job safety meetings.
Experience range and working as :-
Project Manager ( At Petroleum sister companies)
Experienced in handling field projects execution and commissioning with high emphasis on safety offshore and onshore, citywide electronic communications, handles close-out and documentation as well.
Drives projects implementation & planning meetings at all disciplines prior to take-off for major projects, facility expansion and modification.
Lead the implementation of major engineering projects involving design, integration, delivery, installation & commissioning of multi-technology telecommunications systems.
Supervise the commissioning team of Telecoms Engineers and Technician responsible in monitoring and inspection for the compliance in the implementation and execution of the scope of work carried out by Contractors and Vendors to ensure consistent application of owner-approved standards and specifications. Co-ordinate and liaise with Vendor and Contractor’s representative in the field concerning work progress, outstanding issues and other related matters.
Review and mark-up system layout drawings, single-line, termination and wiring diagrams and as-built drawings and submit for revision to Engineering Department upon approval of them. Witness and participate in the Final Tri-party Walkdown Inspection (Owner, Client, Vendor/Contractor), Pre-Commissioning and Site Acceptance Test (SAT) procedures and sign off official documents in Owner’s behalf.
Co-ordinate the work of engineering, procurement, integration and support staff through peer-to-peer relationships to ensure timely delivery within assigned cost targets to a satisfied customer.
Following contract award, scope and assign project tasks, prepare execution plans, cost plans, timeline plans, integration & acceptance plans, agree internally and with customer.
Plan and progress production of engineering documents such as drawings, specifications, test procedures, etc.
Lead customer liaison, negotiate programm changes and contract variations.
Ability to work independently and under tight schedule to achieve various project milestones .
Strong analytical skills with excellent communication skills and strong initiative.
Possess strength of character and confidence to obtain commitment, ranging from skilled technicians to professionally qualified engineers and supporting staff.
Review tender requirements and compose comprehensive and detailed proposals for telecommunication projects.
Manage and co-ordinate the project tendering and bidding process
Request quotations from Suppliers
Participate in Supplier Evaluation at tender stage

Project Specific Responsibilities Includes :

1.Digital and Analog Microwave link { PTP } Point to Point & { PTMP } Point to Multi Point for Khalda Petroleum Company .
At Khalda Petroleum company fields at West Desert that has Huge Telecom. Projects to link more than five fields sub station with more than 128 channels, trunks and data with central Station and link more than 35 movable Drilling rigs, The system for all has Standby VSAT station .

2.Extended { SM } Single Mode and { MM } Multi Mode Optical fiber cables for Internal and External Networks .
Supervision for extending, terminates and welding different types of Optical fiber cables for Internal and External networks for ( Khalda Petroleum company, Agiba Petroleum company, Petrojet company, Suco Petroleum Company ) .
Responsible extending Optical fiber for GMDSS international Marine and Navigator

3.Install VHF four Telephone system lines type Marine Radios Sailor for Gempetco Petroleum company .
Install VHF radios and Phone patch for Gempetco Petroleum company to transfer Telephone lines from Ghugada Exchange to it's fields with distance 35 Km.

4.Install and adjustment CCTV for Geisum, SUCO, Petrojet and Agiba Petroleum companies .
5.Install RedLine Microwave station for Khada and Geisum Petroleum companies as { PTP } and { PTMP } .
Lecturer and Trainer

I have lectured and demonstrate many Electronics and Communication courses { Micro Electronics, Optical Fiber, Analog and Digital communication Systems, Digital Signal Processing ( DSP ), Computer Networks } at faculty of Engineering and private institute .
Design and create electronics documents archiving for both onshore, offshore sites and company main office .
Train Short and long courses for Senior and Junior Operators, Technician and Engineers, Apprize and Evaluate them Performance .
On Job training Short and Long courses and training for executive wire and wireless Telecommunication and Information Technology Projects .
Business Devolpment
Business planning
A very good experience in business planning such as analysis, putting the vision, mission, goals and actions to put a complete business plane on line with the overall company plan, this includes the budgeting starting from studying the resources, expenses and finding out what are the business plan requirements cost
Business Skills
Evaluate and report new products and services that would add value to the products
Put a complete Business plan, presenting it to the management and monitor closely progress made on such plans .
Conduct and report competitive analysis exercises to point out the competitors, and suggest away of achieving / maintaining a leading edge over competition .
Ensure prompt implementation of new ideas, strategies and plans which fall under business development within the department .

Ahmed Hussein
Contact this candidate