SHAHID KHAN Ph: (965-****-****, adpsik@r.postjobfree.com
Apt. 2, Bldg. 1, Street 103, Block 6, Salwa, Kuwait https://www.linkedin.com/in/shahid-khan-336242/

EDUCATION: MS. Mechanical Engineering, Wayne State University, MI, USA

CAREER PROFILE:

Over 25 years’ leadership experience in project engineering and management for upstream and downstream oil and gas projects. The projects included major Expansions and EPC contracts for Green and Brown Field, involving stationary and rotary equipment, pressure vessels, heat exchangers, coolers, pumps, compressors, pipelines, piping for sour crude, structure, instrument and electrical etc.
Excellence in design and engineering systems and highly conversant in API, ASME, ASTM, ANSI, AWS, ISO, CSA, CAN, JIS, and local codes, standards and practice

WORK EXPERIENCE
Sr. Project Engineer: Wood plc. / AMEC Foster Wheeler / KOC, KIPIC, Kuwait (Sept 2006 – Now)
Projects:
Al-Zour Refinery, (615 KBOPD), Process and Utility Packages $14 Bn.
Oil Gathering Centre GC-24 (165 KBOPD), 11/132 KV Sub-Stations, HT Lines, $850 Mn.

Oil Gathering Center GC-31 (110K BOPD) and Pipelines (ISBL and OBSL), $870 Mn.

Cross-Country Oil Pipelines 30” & 48” with Sour and Normal Crude from North to South Kuwait, $250 Mn.

Manage multi-discipline project team, budgets, schedules and resources in PMC environment. This includes company and contractor personnel, in resolving of technical, commercial and contractual issues.
Lead engineering teams during detail engineering and resolved difficult design issues with commercial implications. Prepared decision making packages to facilitate client management.
Coordinate and participate in safety studies i.e., HAZOP, HAZID, EIA, QRA, PHSER SIL, LOPA, Risk Management. Follow-up implementation of recommendations in design and construction.
Lead front-end engineering (FEED), estimation, support contracting activities, bidder’s queries and liaison between home office and client.
GC-24 Project with feed of Sour (high Sulphur / Jurassic) Crude, completed 6 months earlier than schedule.
Compliance to company health, safety and environmental (HSE) regulations, legislation, policies and requirements.
Manage planning and execution of EPC projects as PMC, including commercial, detail engineering, procurement, sub-contracting, coordinating equipment suppliers, manufacturing, factory acceptance tests (FAT), completions, commissioning, turnover and closeout.
Interface project disciplines, lead engineers for engineering, procurement, construction activities. Also, with project planning and control.
Participate in recruitment process to ensure that qualified and trained personnel assigned to work in detail engineering, procurement, and construction teams.
Conduct regular project / package reviews to keep client and stakeholders informed of changing requirements and updates in specifications, scope and detail design.
Evaluate and ensure to incorporate the review comments / changes in detail design. Identify, evaluate and dispose of non-conformities in disciplines.
Ensure to implement Quality plan through Engineering, Procurement and Construction stages of the projects.

Project Manager (EPCM): (Oct 2004 – Sept 2006)
SNC LAVALIN Engineers and Constructors, ON, Canada
Projects: Major Expansion & Upgrade Projects in Eastern Canada
Manage multi-discipline projects on behalf of client, monitor budgets, schedules and resources in EPCM environment for a major refinery in eastern Canada i.e. Imperial Oil (Exxon-Mobil, 120K BOPD)
Coordinate front-end engineering (FEED) and estimation activities. Lead project planning, execution, specification development, contractibility, operability, impact on safety, health and environment.
Lead / coordinate value-engineering reviews and recommend potential savings, layer of protection analysis (LOPA) and safety integrity level (SIL) studies.
Coordinate HAZOP reviews and follow-up recommendations.
Conduct regular project / package reviews to keep client and stakeholders informed of changing requirements and updates in specifications and scope etc.
Interface project disciplines, lead engineers for engineering, procurement, construction support, project controls & administration.
Ensure that qualified and trained personnel assigned to work on specification or detail engineering packages for on-time delivery.
Identify, review, and incorporate the client supplied items, including changes, client’s drawings etc. Identify, evaluate and dispose of non-conformities in disciplines.
Ensure implementation of the Quality plan throughout the Eng., Procurement and Construction stages.
Engineering Manager (Client): (Feb 2001 – Aug 2004)
Polyphalt Technologies, Toronto,
Manage projects of modified asphalt production plants at refineries and terminal operations in Canada and US. Prepare contract for supplies, pipeline fabrication and equipment installation.
Supervise project teams for engineering tasks and follow up as per schedules and budgets.
Coordinate sizing pipelines, tanks and equipment e.g. pumps, vessels, metering, drives, valves etc
Design process and instrumentation for asphalt modifying plants.
Develop equipment specification for procurement, coordinate contractors and field construction.
Troubleshoot, recommend equipment and modifications to improve efficiency.
Train plant operators in line with the process technologies.
Design and optimize plant layout, PFD’s, P&ID’s, BOM, bid documents and estimates.

Projects and Engineering Manager (Client): (Mar 1994 – Dec 2000)
Shell International Petroleum Co.
Project and Facilities Management:
Manage multi-discipline projects, prepare / review budgets, schedules and resources in the main refinery involving pipelines, storage facilities, modifications, debottlenecking, installation of equipment, safety systems e.g. emergency shut-off system, hi-low level alarm system in fuel tanks.
Develop and implement effective maintenance programs by utilizing reliability centred maintenance techniques to maximize equipment availability.
Review Potential failures modes and their effects for different equipments, like pumps, compressors, turbines, combustion chambers, boilers, motorized control valves, cooling water systems, etc for generating corrective action for the future for more reliable equipment.
Capital & Operating Budgets: Zero Based Budget, cost reduction.
Conduct engineering and safety audits and follow-up for compliance.
HSE and Environment:
Worked as a focal point on health, safety and environmental issues for the department.
Conducted tripod analyses for incidents, implemented remedial actions and spread learning within and outside the department.
Prepared documentation for HSE management system including hazard register and proactive actions plan. Conducted on-going reporting of potential incidents from all terminals staff.
Supervised a team to assess ground contamination for soil radiation, sampling, interpret lab results, prepare remedial action plan and implement it. Scope consisted five oil terminals and underground pipeline system.

Construction Engineer (EPC) (June 1988 – Feb 1990)
National Refinery Ltd (165K BOPD)
Supervised teams assigned on pipeline fabrication, rigging, installation, testing, commissioning etc. used isometric drawings in shop and field fabrication. The equipment included pumps, heat exchangers, crude distillation towers, vacuum distillers, chilled water systems and air coolers.
Review design of mechanical and civil systems for fabrication and oversee the implementation to maintain compliance to specification and applicable standards.
Check quality of fabrication, steel structure, pipelines, testing, installation and commissioning against ASME standards. Make changes to design where necessary.
Plan and schedule shutdowns and major capital repair activities.
Preparation of tender documents including terms & conditions, standards and bills of material, construction schedules and cost estimates.
Prepared documentation for sub-contracts e.g. insulation, painting and supplies etc. Analyzed bids, awarded works

Nationality: Canadian
Contact this candidate