Raymond A. Noel
Northern VA, and Florida areas Cell 703-***-**** adq0i4@r.postjobfree.com
M.B.A., Master of Business Administration (Cum Laude), Virginia Tech University, May 2011
B.S., Computer Information Systems, Strayer University (Cum Laude), December 1999
B.S., Physics, Virginia State University, May 1986
Agile Scrum Master Certification August 2015
Active DoD TS w/CI Poly
CAREER HISTORY: Mr. Noel has 30+ years of professional experiences in performing Program Advising, Project Management Work Breakdown Structure, CIO Portfolio IT Enterprise Implementation, Sr. Principal Systems Engineering, Systems Requirements Development that utilize frameworks of ITIL, SDLC, Agile Scrum, SOA, Enterprise Architecture, Systems Integration and Testing that functioned on Hybrid/Cloud technologies on IT Programs. Current and previous employers have leveraged his abilities to factually influence technical decision-making oversight. He provides value-add changes within organizations, such as ODNI, NGA/NRO-NSG, CIA, NSA, DIA, DISA, NAVSEA, DARPA, NRL and Joint Military Services. His business savvy skillset have executed various ad-hoc clients’ requests with a consulting sense of urgency to achieve coordination and collaboration among cross-domain organizations that builds communications processes / procedures to share value-add information. He facilitates client advisory meetings that provide inputs to agendas for achieving program strategic business workflow and technical development outcomes that increase organizational mission capabilities that enable strategic advantage.
Mr. Noel’s experiences have enabled him of being a thought leader within Government Sponsor organizations that advise, plan program resources, execute technical planning, task program resources, funding allocation planning, schedule, and risk that document the effectiveness of total systems. By way of brainstorming ideas into solutions, he offers recommendations based on conducting researched comparative analysis of technology capabilities in efforts to implement requirements for improved program capabilities effectively. Subsequently, Mr. Noel’s next steps are capable of directing accountable Program Business Strategic endeavors to own $M P&L.

APPLICABLE EXPERIENCE
Peraton peraton.com Dec 2021 - Present
Systems Engineer Senior Technical Specialist [IC Systems Engineering]
Mr. Noel uses a holistic approach, designs, develops, evaluates and modifies end-to-end systems and systems-oriented products through their entire life cycle. Generates strategic level quantifiable requirements based on customer description, system planning and design, and acquisition logistics. Ensures requirements comply with client requirements and government standards through formal verification methods. Translates high level product development strategies into system requirement specifications and works with other engineering disciplines to develop lower level detailed implementation requirements. Establishes and coordinates development of standards, practices, and procedures as related to the overall product development. Designs interfaces and brings system elements together so they work as a whole. Assesses performance using evaluation criteria and technical performance measures. Customer liaison and support for business development activities and to understand and shape requirements. Participates in system conceptual design and documentation of the design concepts. Translates high level product development strategies into system requirement specifications and works with multi-discipline engineering teams to develop lower level detailed requirements. Participates in design reviews of components (hardware and software) to ensure applicability to the current system and traceability of requirements through compliance verification and validation. Generates system level requirements verification procedures and customer acceptance test procedures. Reviews test plans/procedures and ensures they meet the objectives of the contractual requirements and participates in the testing process to validate requirements. Provides expert level consultation and technical services to the Intel Community.

Parsons Corporation www.parsons.com 2018 - 2021
Principal Systems Engineer [Cyber Systems Engineering]
Mr. Noel defines, plans, designs, and evaluates information systems. Assesses architecture and current virtual hardware/software limitations, defines and designs system specifications, and input/output processes and working parameters for hardware/software compatibility. Provides expert level consultation and technical services on DoD program efforts associated with Cyber product tool utilized for offensive/defensive Cyber solutions for customer usage. Initiated Program Level Agreement (PLA) business workflow that enables

ManTech International Corporation www.mantech.com 2015 - 2018
Lead Senior Principal Systems Engineer [Enterprise Systems Engineering]
Mr. Noel defines, plans, designs, and evaluates information systems. Assesses architecture and current virtual hardware/software limitations, defines and designs system specifications, and input/output processes and working parameters for hardware/software compatibility. Provides expert level consultation and technical services on all aspects of systems accredited Security Protection Levels. Enables virtual enterprise to resolve POAMs. He identified workflow ITIL reports that enable the production of metrics in support of having trend-analysis of Key Performance Indicators. He enables his Technical Director and Program Mgr. to utilize him as a key contributor on the program.

Contributions of Significant Efforts:
• Provides system engineering technical expertise through the project lifecycle including design, engineering, configuration, test planning/development, test execution/analysis, performance optimization, and training
• Establish and execute processes and procedures for managing system definition, development, and operations
• Established agile processes for proactively resolving high-level technical issues that requires collaborative skillsets.
• Provide technical assessments and recommendations in the form of written and oral presentations

Deloitte Consulting LLP www.deloitte.com 2013 - 2015
Associate Manager [Enterprise Systems Engineering]
He is an advisor to government senior management consulting within ODNI that enables programs to achieve information sharing of various cross-domain agencies within IC and Treasury department. His role influences organizational change management of IT endeavors that requires authoring of Memorandum of Understanding that defines roles and responsibilities with fiscal intents that requires agency level CIO authority signature. These efforts impact Data Center migrations to C2S, and iCITE, which enables programs that require expertise awareness of cloud AWS technology solutions for IaaS, & SaaS. He is a trusted subject matter expert applicable to identification and capture of requirements via various cross-domain IC mission analyst inclusions to System Requirements Document reviews prior to approval supporting the development schedule w/dependencies and execution of agile software development sprint reviews associated with SDLC framework. He has developed Concepts of Operations applicable to Mission and Functional requirements. Mr. Noel guided an integration project from concept through a deployment goal of initial operational capability that requires managing a team of ten with various skillsets and PMF control gates.

Akamai Technologies, Inc. www.akamai.com 2012 – 2013
Senior Technical Project Manager (TPM)
Accomplishments consist of efficient and expedient systems integration of DISA clients web services being integrated by Akamai’s distributed platform as a cloud service broker. Mr. Noel assess client’s technical web services offerings to integrate cloud computing content management solutions that communicate with client’s origin infrastructure web applications servers via firewall and/or data load balancers. Utilized XML metadata to provision and test web services solution that subsequently integrates optimized SaaS/PasS secure platform enabling cloud scalability and data offloads of HTTP/HTML web page content and virtual storage. Mr. Noel increased company business revenue by implementing new customers to its technology efficiently. His efforts increased numerous quarterly sales numbers.

Booz Allen Hamilton, www.bah.com 2009 – 2012
Associate – Sr. Systems Integrator/Engineer
Mr. Noel accomplished technical and programmatic priorities associated with identifying component subsystems of the overall system and determine the requirements for ensuring the subsystems work together to function as a single system. He provides business development input with technical write-up as input to various RFPs as a SME in Pink and Red teams.
Developed content for briefings technical and project status related presentations for senior management.

General Dynamics – Advanced Information Systems, www.gd-ais.com 2004 – 2009
Sr. Lead Systems Engineer – Systems Technology Insertion
Mr. Noel performed technical planning, system integration, verification and validation of requirements and technical designs, cost and risk analysis, and supportability and effectiveness analyses for total systems. He facilitated analyzes and defines user requirements, procedures and problems. Subsequently, he is able to designs system solutions and specifications that incorporate software, data, network, and hardware requirements. The design specification enabled him to identify and evaluate the relevancy of COTS and GOTS to satisfy user, mission and system’s needs.
Mr. Noel ensured the logical and systematic conversion of customer or product requirements into total systems solutions that incorporates technical, schedule, and cost constraints
Knowledge of TCP/IP networks associated with LAN/WAN/SIGINT/SATCOMM

Science Application International Corporation, www.saic.com 2003 – 2004
Software Engineer IV (Enterprise Architecture)
Accomplished leading a team of developers and testers using agile development selection of vendor products. This COTS development system was lab tested via a replicated network test scenarios process that enabled Defense Information Systems Agency to have the capabilities of a modernized information assurance program.
Utilized MS Visio to developed block diagrams, logic flow charts to establish process guidance. Test-plans where developed of detailed requirements to test an implementable system via use of C4ISR framework and DoDAF “Popkin” systems architect modeling tool (IBM Rational). Oracle

ANDO CORPORATION, INC., www.ando.com Yokogawa.com/us/solutions/products 2001 - 2003
Sr. Application/Pre-Sales Systems Engineer
Accomplished working with a Japanese company who attempted to expand in U.S. market to offer a product solution that monitors high-data rate Wide-Area-Networking Internet Service Provider (ISP) circuits/interconnects.
Responsible for developing promoting new business with a new technology of data communications. Collaborated with business development team with developing RFI/RFP technical written response.

LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC., www.lucent.com 1999 - 2001
Pre-Sales Sr. Systems Engineer
Accomplished as a trusted on-site engineering representative for his client Split-Rock Internet Service Provider (ISP) to gather network operational services dynamic requirements.
Achieved solid designed solutions for change management of systems, network monitoring, and applications.
Responsible for developing business sales revenue of $5M/year by influencing customer with technology design improvements that enhanced system capabilities and competitive advantage for the ISP.

HOUSTON ASSOCIATES, INC., [Department of Defense Consultant] 1994 -1999
Sr. Network Communications/Systems Engineer,
Accomplished System/DB administration/Systems Engineering/Network engineering efforts supporting Defense Information Systems Agency program at the Pentagon’s Joint Information Management Center.
Led technical execution of agile development and integration of COTS. Supervised several test personnel, monitored test execution, reported test results and interacted extensively with government client tech teams.

ORION SCIENTIFIC SYSTEMS, INC., 1991 - 1994
Sr. UNIX System Administrator: [Department of Defense Services Consultant]
Accomplished managing a number of large systems UNIX platforms, which consist of Digital Equipment (DEC), Hewlett Packard (HP) and Solaris (SUN) by providing technical support onTCP/IP local area network.

GENERAL DYNAMIC, INC., 1986 - 1991
Aerospace Mechanical Engineer: Aerodynamics Structural Stress Analysis Group
Accomplished the development and maintenance plan of the U.S. Air Force F-16 warfighter landing gear system.
Contact this candidate