Objective
To take a challenging and managerial role in the field of Computer programming and implement the expertise and experience gained in this field to develop complex project with efficiency and quality.
Summary
Over 30 years of IT experience in Analysis, Design, Development and testing of Software projects in IBMi, Linux (Java Spring framework), Webservices and Cloud environments.
Worked as Engineer Manager, System Analyst, Developer in a wide variety of Industries.
Creative self-starter with strong analytical and programming skills.
Proven ability to quickly grasp client needs and implement successful strategic plans.
Proficient in planning and completing projects to high standards in time-critical situations.
Exposure in SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) and Agile handling the projects in both Offshore and On-site developments and Strong organization skills and ability to meet deadlines.
Technical Skills
Operating Systems: IBMi OS, Linux, AWS
Languages: RPG, Java, JavaScript, Node.Js and Phyton.
Data Bases: DB2, MySQL, Oracle, Access, MS Sql.
Tools/Utilities: Jira, Aldon, GitHub, Stash, RDi, iAccess, intellij, VisualCode.
ERP Applications: BPCS, SAP.
Methodology: Agile, SDLC.

Work & Leadership Experience

MEDHOST
Manager, Software Engineering July 2012 – Present
Team Lead, Software Engineering – IBMi
Lead a dynamic a team of developers and development team leaders both onshore and offshore in support of a group of applications used by MEDHOST clients.
Responsibilities
Provides leadership and accessibility to support their associates with escalated issues, as well as serves as an escalation point for Customers.
Assists the PMO with coordinating resource workload, scheduling, and standardized project tasks.
Mentor department associates to ensure a high level of job performance.
Works with leadership team on associate performance, including performance review and evaluation input.
Creates and provides sales quotes and statements of work to MEDHOST Sales team for MEDHOST technical service opportunities.
Works with leadership, Sales, and PMO associates and leadership teams to plan and scope out work for custom projects.
Analyzes project issues to identify permanent fixes/solutions, focuses on enhancing user training needs, and develops ideas to eliminate business interruptions.
Works with the technical team to refresh current knowledge base documents as technology changes as well as creates new documents as issues arise that do not have an existing Knowledge Base entry
HSBC BANK
Sr Programmer Analyst AS400 RPG October 2006 – May 2012
Member of GHSS COE Team.
Lead RTB (Run the bank) and CTB (Change the Bank) Teams for GHSS LATAM.
Responsibilities
Support GHSS (Global HSBC Securities System) for Global Custody and clearing department.
Synchronize Annuals updates of SWIFT (Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications).
Support HUB (HSBC Universal Banking system).
Participate in applications design, database modeling, user interface design, program design, writing of technical specifications and design walkthroughs.
Development, Maintenance and support of different applications such as Securities system (GHSS), Core Bank (HUB), Trading system.
Deploying the Application in various environments such as Development, SAT, UAT and Production.
24/7 support for GHSS and HUB system.
Developing MQ jobs to transfer data among AS/400(iSeries), zSeries Mainframe and SWIFT net.
Modifications, enhancements, and bug fixes to the existing code.

ZENECA Agrochemical
Sr IT Project Leader March 1998 – September 2006
Sr Programmer Analyst AS400 RPG
Lead a dynamic team of developers supporting SAP & BPCS.
Responsibilities
Preparing functional and technical specification to develop for ERP BPCS (Business Planning & Control System) in the modules of finances CST, ACP, GLD, TEAS and in the distribution modules and logistical INV, PUR, ORD and BIL.
Successfully Completed implementation of AS/400 CISC to RISC Conversion Project.
Modifications, enhancements and bug fixes to the existing code.
Analyzing the existing code and document.
Developing the applications on IBM AS/400(iSeries) using RPG ILE, RPGIV, RPG SQL, Embedded SQL, SRVPGM, BNDDIR, System API, Prototype and CL Programming (CLP).
Coordinate, implement and support Sap 4.06d Project.
Generating the necessary interfaces for the modules FI (Finances and Treasury), SD (Sales), MM/PP (Materials and Production) with their customizing. Generation of new applications using ABAP.
Coordinate applications design, database modeling, user interface design, program design, writing of technical specifications and design walkthroughs.

NABISCO
IT Project Leader October 1995 – April 1998
Sr Programmer Analyst AS400 RPG
Lead a dynamic team of developers supporting ERP BPCS (Business Planning & Control System).
Coordinate BPCS upgrades and support.
Responsibilities
Successfully Completed implementation of ERP, BPCS 4.03 on AS/400.
Generating functional and technical specification to develop in the modules of finances CST, ACP, GLD and in the distribution modules and logistical INV, PUR, ORD and BIL.
Developing the interface for the connectivity between various client interfaces and the centralized AS/400 system.
Developing MQ jobs to transfer data among AS/400(iSeries) and zSeries Mainframe.
Modifications, enhancements and bug fixes to the existing code.
Analyzing the existing code and document.
Developing the applications on IBM AS/400(iSeries) using RPG and CL Programming (CLP), DB2/400, Query/400, SQL/400.

IBM
Programmer Analyst AS400 RPG March 1992 – October 1995
Analyzing, Designing, Enhancing and Customizing applications of IBM's outsourcing clients.
Customizing and Setting of BPCS in different accounts.
Responsibilities
Developed and Implementation of the application Software and analyzed the Database Files.
Developing the applications on IBM AS/400(iSeries) using RPG and CL Programming (CLP), DB2/400, Query/400, SQL/400.
Preparing flow charts, data models, technical documentation, reports, programs and procedures.
Developing and maintaining incidents log database for enhancement the tracking.

Education
Bachelor of Computer Information Systems UM 2004
Computer Technician ENET 35 1989
Contact this candidate