AKIN MAKINDE, MSc., C.Eng. PMP, CSM
Houston, TX 832-***-**** adq572@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/akin-makinde

PROGRAM DIRECTOR

Highly accomplished leader committed to driving commercial strategies to maximize profitability, capture value and deliver business excellence. Lead cross functional teams to execute multiple mega workstreams through project lifecycle. Experience working to drive large-scale, organization-wide transformation enabling targeted sustainable performance improvement. Outstanding interpersonal and influencing skills, facilitates change management. Adept at leveraging operational stakeholder relationships. Proficient in Agile and Waterfall project delivery models. Areas of expertise include:

● Project, Program & Portfolio Management ● Commercial Excellence ● Project Control and Governance
● Procurement and Supply Chain ● Strategic Planning ● Contract Claim and Negotiation
● Resource and Financial Management ● Risk Management ● Compliance and Audit
● Continuous Process Improvement ● Management Consulting ● Organizational Change Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
JOHNSTON LLC, Houston, TX 2020 - date
Senior Program Manager, Harris County Precinct One - Capital Improvement (07/2020 – date)
Lead visionary and Change Agent executing the project lifecycle of multiple infrastructure and capital improvement programs comprising major transportation, mobility, and park projects, on behalf of Harris County Precinct One.
Partner with C-Level Executives to prepare business case and improve effectiveness of investment decisions.
Oversee implementation of neighborhood maintenance programs totaling $275M, from initiation to delivery.
Monitor $400M expenditure against OPEX budget. Develop rolling forecast and deliver fiscal management.
Develop systematic approach to prioritize project needs and tie business goals to strategic roadmap activities.
Optimize program delivery through insights and risk mitigation strategies - realizing $45M in project opportunities.
Plan and manage successful execution of ‘quick win’ maintenance projects worth $50M.
Implement a new Stage Gate process for improved management of change and developed user procedures.

BAKER HUGHES, Tomball, TX 2018 - 2020
Senior Manager, Global Contracts - Pressure Pumping Services (12/2018 – 04/2020)
Spearheaded all aspects of contract life cycle management across geo-markets for Product Line. Maximized value capture, minimized margin leakage, and protected the business from commercial, legal, and regulatory risks.
Achieved $1.5M per quarter savings through cost optimization and strategic supplier sourcing initiatives.
Improved profitability in contracts by $15M annually through strategizing value sells solutions.
Developed best practices to support adoption of changes for rollout of a digital contract management project.
Oversaw contract performance for global sales teams in 7 regions / 50+ accounts in customer-specific negotiations, align with geo legal-based counsels on issues, and provided strategic advice to senior executives.
Evaluated commercial terms for innovative technology products. Conducted “Go/No Go Reviews” for strategic bids.
Established metrics for tracking global contract performance, price, upsell, opportunity pipeline and compliance.

OCCIDENTAL PETROLEUM, Abu Dhabi UAE 2014 - 2018
Contract and Procurement Manager (01/2016-03/2018)
Managed multiple drilling service agreements and supplier relationships for the development of deep gas offshore exploration and unconventional resource within this OXY partnering consortium (joint venture).
Led contract negotiations for drilling programs to achieve $20M in annual cost savings versus a $5M target.
Achieved 15% cost savings in OPEX while sourcing drilling equipment worth $150M.
Reduced inventory by 20% by establishing Service Level Agreements (SLA) with two consortium partners.
Implemented lean initiatives resulting in a reduction of chemical purchase by 7.5%, a savings of $100K quarterly.
Managed direct and indirect spend of assigned CAPEX/OPEX for EPC contract projects up to $1B in value.
Performed supplier risk assessments on a periodic basis for audit and business continuity.

Senior Contracts Lead, Contracts Engineering Advisor (04/2014 - 01/2016)
Steered drilling phase of a $12B gas development project, including managing multiyear EPC contracts totaling $500M.
Spearheaded project execution, purchasing, material demand planning, equipment sourcing activities including negotiating claims, pricing, and commercial terms and conditions for complex supplier and vendor agreements.
Led strategic sourcing initiatives in assigned subsurface drilling categories reflecting $8.5M in annual savings.
Generated 20% budget savings during planning and execution of construction site preparation projects.
Reduced drilling costs by $35 million in 18 months by identifying cross-business synergies for spend categories.
Saved $3 million in 6 months by launching new, efficiency-driven remedies to reduce transport and fleet spend.
Prepared bid contracts for marine coordination services that resulted in a 5% cost savings of $25M spend.
Implemented a rebate incentive program with key suppliers to support strategic plans and lower spend by 13%.

INTERNATIONAL VISION FOR ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS (IVES), Abu Dhabi, UAE 2014
PMO/Program Management Consultant – Abu Dhabi Municipality (Contract)
Utilized broad scope of industry knowledge to serve as Change Agent and Subject Matter Expert (SME) to implement change strategies and promote solutions-focused best practices in international traffic safety engineering projects.
Identified stakeholders, analyzed performance gaps, implemented “To Be” processes, assessed commitment to change and organizational readiness on an enterprise-wide business transformation project.
Presented executive-level reports reflecting risk status. Developed corrective plans and risk mitigation strategies.
Tracked baseline, performed what-if-analysis, and developed contingency plans for road construction projects.
Directed portfolio of municipality road safety programs, more than $900M, from inception to closeout.

WSP MOUCHEL GROUP, Various Locations (London, UK /Abu Dhabi, UAE) 2008 - 2013
Senior Project Manager, Program Manager (06/2010 – 11/2013)
Led decision-making for international engineering consulting business, winning 50% of commercial tenders through effective management of the bid team. Directed multidiscipline engineering activities for design and construction contracts including stage gate reviews, effective risk management to minimize schedule, scope and budget impact and safe execution. As PMO, designed the strategy and roadmap for a Business Process Reengineering change program.
Produced detailed design engineering packages. Utilized reporting tools to monitor progress.
Improved profits from -3 to 8% for a $690-million highway design and construction project.
Successfully improved workflow efficiency by 30% as Domain Champion for a transformation initiative.
Reduced budget by 12% for a $30-million Truck Road project via value engineering efforts.
Achieved 10% profit in revenue for design of $135-million mixed-use development in Dubai.

Group Manager, Senior Project Manager, London, United Kingdom (01/2008 – 06/2010)
Applied strong leadership talents toward mentoring and managing top-performing team of 20 while handling all facets of cost baseline, resource planning, risk, scheduling, staff development, revenue forecasting and recognition, and close out.
Generated £2.5 Million in annual revenue by delivering innovative highway design projects.
Achieved £1 Million in average annual savings via design and asset optimization solutions.
Reduced monthly working capital by 11% by increasing payment terms of major sub-consultants.
Achieved a 14% profit margin for the London Olympic Network Pedestrian Guardrail project.

MOTT MACDONALD / BALFOUR BEATTY JV, Kent, United Kingdom 2004–2007
Team Lead, Project Manager (05/2004 – 12/2007)

EDUCATION

M.S., DIC, CIVIL AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING, Imperial College of Science, London
B.S., CHEMICAL ENGINEERING, HONORS, University of Lagos, Nigeria

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

FELLOW Chartered Institute of Highways & Transport of the United Kingdom (UK)
REGISTERED CHARTERED ENGINEER (C.ENG.) Engineering Council of the UK
MEMBER Institution of Civil Engineers of the UK National Society of Black Engineers
PROJECT MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL (PMP) Project Management Institute
CERTIFIED SCRUM MASTER Scrum Alliance

TECHNICAL SKILLS

ERP SAP Ariba Oracle EPM Primavera P6 Power Bi ARIS Tableau Salesforce Aconex Microsoft Office
Contact this candidate