Steven F. Eichel
Phone: 585-***-****
**** ******* **, ******* ** 27606 Email: adqdl2@r.postjobfree.com
FACILITIES MANAGER
A skilled Facilities Manager dedicated to focused oversight, maintenance, and repair of commercial assets, ensuring maximum asset longevity as well as an effective return on cost. Proficient with building maintenance and refrigeration systems, the management of a large team spread across a sizable geographic area, and with certifying quality work through data analysis, inspections, and preventative maintenance programs. AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Multisite Systems Repair and
Maintenance
Staff Training and Education
Direct Communication
Budgeting and Cost-Efficient Work
Quality Assurance and Control
Preventative Maintenance
Large Team Management
Conflict Resolution
Project Management
Refrigeration System Repair
Ongoing Training
Administrative Liaison
Team Leadership
E m e r g e n c y R e s p o n s e
Leadership
SKILLS ASSESSMENT
MANAGEMENT – Lead a large and diverse team of technicians in providing high-quality and cost-effective service over a multi-state area, thereby creating extra value for the company. QUALITY ASSURANCE AND CONTROL – Committed in investigating and assessing all completed work to guarantee it has been completed in accordance with the highest quality standards. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Wegmans Food Market, Rochester NY, Buffalo NY, Boston MA, Brooklyn NY, NJ, NC, VA. 2016-Present.
Manage all maintenance and capital improvements for multiple locations in various states throughout the NE.
Preventative Maintenance, Capital improvements, Project Management, Budget Management, New Construction, Team Management in house technicians as well as various vendor/contractors in each division.
Focus on the company values of Caring, High Standards, Respect and Empowering People to make decisions that benefit our people and improve the company.
THE KROGER COMPANY, ATLANTA GEORGIA 1992 – 2016
REGIONAL FACILITY ENGINEERING ASSISTANT MAINTENANCE MANAGER (2009 – PRESENT)
Manage maintenance of 99 locations across a three state area, including managing personal development of 5 supervisors and 50 technicians in addition to multiple outside contractors.
Improve infrastructure and manage modifications and capital replacements for commercial properties.
Optimize workflow and inventory, seeking to minimize costs in order to best benefit the company.
Inspect projects for quality assurance and control at up to 213 individual sites throughout the Southeast to guarantee all work meets company standards and specifications.
Conduct interviews, hire, terminate, train, educate, review and resolve employee conflicts. THE KROGER COMPANY, BUILDING MAINTENANCE SUPERVISOR (1992–2009)
Regularly inspected facilities to ascertain proper maintenance, successfully become recognized by both Corporate and Regional executives repeatedly for going beyond expectations, thereby attaining Platinum Key level.
Trained supervisors, technicians, management, and store employees on the use and maintenance of their store’s equipment, reducing or eliminating avoidable costs.
Experienced in all areas of commercial building maintenance and service to ensure they are always safe and operational. EDUCATION & TRAINING
Licensed, Florida CAM. Diploma, East Park Academy, 10 Hour OSHA Certification, EPA Universal Certification, 70E- NFPA-OSHA Certification.
Contact this candidate