Matiur Rahman
M.Sc. Engineering Project Management (UK), B.Sc. Engineering, Civil (India)
E-mail: adqhg3@r.postjobfree.com, adqhg3@r.postjobfree.com Mobile:+91-906*******, +91-893*******
Objective: A challenging leadership position with a reputable organization to utilize acquired skills & knowledge and deliver outstanding results
Domains: Construction, Project Management Consultancy

PROFILE SYNOPSIS
●Versatile Civil Engineer with postgraduate qualification in Engineering Project Management and 20+ years of rich diverse project experience in the Middle East.
●Portfolio of projects includes large-scale infrastructure project, healthcare facilities, office buildings and residential construction with reputable companies in Oman.
●Comprehensive expertise in all aspects of civil construction technology, coordination and detailing in preparation of construction shop drawings, material submittals, site supervision as well as all commercial & contractual aspects of procurement, contracting, billing and claims.
●Proven competence of managing complete project lifecycles and integrating requirements of time, scope, cost, quality and safety delivering projects meeting company objectives and fulfilling client expectations.
●Deft in collaborating with all stakeholders including clients, consultants, project management consultants, suppliers, subcontractors and peer disciplines in achieving all predefined milestones and project financial objectives.
●Adept in leading, motivating & monitoring multinational multidisciplinary professional teams and workforces eliciting superior performances.
●Proactive, result driven professional with robust work ethics, integrity and excellent communication, problem solving, decision-making, planning and execution skills.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

NIRMITEE CONSTRUCTION & PROJECT MANAGEMENT CONSULTANTS, Surat, India, Jan 2021 till date.
Nirmitee C&PMCs is a consulting organization that provides professional services in Construction and Project Management with a highly skilled multi-disciplinary team and plays a multifaceted role in the construction project, right from project's inception to its completion.

Team Leader(Project Director)
Project: Extension of Terminal Building at Surat Airport (EPC): Airport Authority of India: From 0.6 million to 2.4 million passenger Traffic, Contract value: INR 150cr. Duration: Jan 2020 March 2022. Report to: Director HO, Nashik. . Team: 25 staff

●Managing a team of Engineers.
●Providing Technical guidance and ensuring an excellent client experience.
●Working in close collaboration with the engineers to ensure excellent planning, scheduling and control activities to fulfil identified objectives applying technical, theoretical & managerial skills to satisfy project requirements.
●Ensure scope, schedule & cost are reasonable & achievable.
●Maintaining the work progress as per the approved schedule, cost & resources.
●Ensuring team management & allocate work within the team & orient the team towards a specific goal of completing the project within approved criteria.
●Ensuring communication management & interacting with clients & concern department, ensure that all permissions, approvals, decisions are obtained / given well within requirement.
●Ensuring all required documentations & records on time updated and issued.
●Ensuring quality of work & materials is as per approved standards.
●Ensuring safety and risk management at site is followed.
●Ensuring project integration management till closing of the project.
●Checking and validating the claims of contractors in consultation with the client.
●Raising the claims for consultancy charges & follow up for payment.

GALFAR ENGINEERING & CONTRACTING SAOG, Muscat Oman, Dec 2007 to Jan 2020
Galfar is Oman’s largest construction company with EPC capability in oil & gas, roads & bridges and civil & utilities sectors, operating in Oman, other GCC countries as well as in India. http://galfar.com/

Construction Manager
Project: Royal Oman Police General Hospital – Construction of a 460-bed hospital including external works: one of the largest hospital in Oman. Contract value: OMR 214 million (USD 552 million). Duration: May 2015 to Jan 2020. Report to Project Manager. Team: 25 staff + 450 workers
●Heading the execution team at the assigned section, monitor the progress and guide to achieve the targeted schedule.
●Ensure optimum utilization of all resources including materials.
●Selecting appropriate construction method and strategies and develop activity based plan.
●Interpret and explain technical information to workers and other professionals.
●Coordinating and supervising construction personnel, activities onsite, assessing and minimizing risk.
●Collaborate with architects, engineers and other construction and building specialists.
●Respond to work delays and other problem and emergencies.
●Report on work progress to higher management.
●Making safety inspections and ensuring construction and site safety.
●Managed a team of subcontractors at the initial stage of the project and carried out works like Geophysical, Geotechnical investigation and rock blasting.
●Obtain all required approvals through liaison with client & consultant.
Additional Responsibility:
●Detail study of Clients tender documents.
●Preparing scope of work, tender details and apprise the Management and team for further bid strategy.
●Preparing documents for enquiry of materials and the works to be Sub-contracted.
●Negotiating with vendors and sub-contractors to get the offers down in each bid for high value items.
● Feedback to Planning engineer to prepare the execution plan, schedule based on the duration given and manpower requirement.
●Pricing of BOQ through “CANDY”, estimation software, and reviewing it with the past and current market trend.
●Developing, preparing, reviewing of the final offer and presenting the proposal for management approval.

Construction Manager.
Project: A’Seeb Coastal Strip Vacuum Sewer Network & Ancillary Works Contract 3 – EPC project with client appointed consultant to supervise the work. One of the largest vacuum sewer projects undertaken in the world with 15, 000 house connections over a stretch of 28 km Client: Oman Wastewater Services Company (Haya Water) Contract value: OMR 89 million (USD 229 million). Duration: Feb 2014 to May 2015. Report to: Project Director Team: 25 staff + 250 workers
●Manage a team of civil engineers, monitor & supervise ongoing works at site and ensure achievement of monthly & annual business plan targets.
●Schedule, mobilize, allocate and ensure optimum utilization of all resources including materials.
●Monitor & control installations of dry connections from various house properties to the vacuum station of the vacuum sewer network.
●Interface with the electromechanical team to coordinate construction of pump stations.
●Obtain all required approvals through liaison with client & consultant.

Dy. Construction Manager.
Project: Regional Preliminary & Appeal Court Nizwa Client: Ministry of Justice Oman Contract value: OMR 11 million (USD 25 million). Duration: Apr 2012 to Jan 2014. Report to: Senior Project Manager Team: 15 staff + 350 workers
●Developed activity based plans, prepared work procedures and defined construction methodologies.
●Supervised, monitored & controlled all works at site ensuring achievement of time, cost, quality and safety objectives.
●Scheduled, mobilized and ensured optimum utilization of materials.
●Prepared comprehensive MIS reports for the top management.

Dy. Construction Manager / Engineering Coordinator,
Project: Specialized Healthcare Facilities – Cardiac Centre & MRI Suite at Salalah, National Heart Centre at Royal Hospital at Muscat and New Accident, Emergency & Burns Department at Khoula Hospital at Muscat Client: Ministry of Health Oman Contract value: OMR 54 million (USD 139 million). Duration: Apr 2010 to Mar 2012. Report to: Senior Project Manager
NHC: Royal Hospital
●Headed the execution team, monitored the progress and guided to achieve the targeted schedule.
●Scheduled the project sequence in coordination with the planner.
●Oversee construction of project from inception to completion.
●Supervised and guided other staff throughout the construction process.
●Reviewed construction technical documents for accuracy and conformance.
●Ensured all construction processes were completed as per safety and quality guidelines.
●Arranged work-force as per requirement of project.
●Supervised the subcontractors work, progress and ensured that they adhere to specification, scope & schedules
●Detail Scope study and prepared documents for raising request for materials and works to be subcontracted.
●Identification of long lead items.
●Follow up with the concerned department to finalize the vendor and obtain pre-qualification documents.
●Preparation and review of MAS submittals and obtaining approval from consultants.
●Arranging, tracking and follow-up of materials for on time delivery.
●Follow-up with subcontractors for submittals, shop drawing and obtained approvals which included on-site Mockups.
●Resolving technical quires and issues of subcontract works.
●Coordinated in preparation of detailed construction shop drawing and completed all engineering aspects prior to start of construction thus enabling minimization of wastage & acceleration of work progress.
●Liaised with client & consultant for approval of technical submittals & deliverables.

Sr. Engineer.
Project: Bank Muscat Corporate HQ Building at Muscat Client: Bank Muscat Contract value: OMR 34 million (USD 88 million)
Duration: Dec 2007 to Mar 2010. Report to: Senior Project Manager
●Defined scope of work for subcontract & identified subcontractors.
●Monitored, inspected & accepted works executed at site by subcontractors.
●Provided on time accurate updates to higher management on matters of progress, costs, projection of variances and future recovery plans.
●Coordinated preparation, approval of design & drawings and compliance with approved drawings at site.
●Dealt with supply chain & materials procurement activities as an additional responsibility.
●Planned and maintained the supply chain to assure on time availability of materials at site.
●Managed commercial negotiations with vendors to procure all materials within approved budget.
●Liaised with client & consultant for approval of material submittals.
●Participated in identifying viable sources for long lead and uncommon items to meet project requirements.
●Prepared MLM, monitored material consumption, reconciled material accounts and minimized wastage.
Highlights
●Represented Galfar E&C in dealing directly with procurement & subcontractor issues on recommendation of project management consultant, project consultant and client.
●Contributed to the completion of the project on time, within budget and with zero LTI achieving 5 million safe man- days.

OMAN HOUSING BANK SAOC, Nizwa, Oman, Duration: Nov 1997 to May 2006
OHB offers housing loan services and provides lending & deposit services. http://www.ohb.co.om/
Engineer – Civil Department.
Report to: Head of Engineering Department, Team: 12 staff
●Provided civil engineering support to financing of residential projects at Nizwa & Buraimi branches of OHB with annual financing of up to OMR 5 million. (USD 12 million)
●Dealt with projects from inception to handing over, resolving disputes between client & contractor and solving technical problems.
●Conducted feasibility studies and site investigations to assess viability of financing proposals.
●Reviewed drawings submitted by clients, identified & notified parties of changes required for acceptance.
●Monitored and controlled all project activities ensuring achievement of objectives of the bank and its clients.
●Tracked markets and provided strategic inputs to management on rates & real estate prices.
●Monitored projects, prepared and submitted reports to management recommending appropriate actions to safeguard bank interests.
Highlight
●Concurrently managed additional responsibility as an Engineer in charge of Buraimi branch, at a distance of 323 km from Nizwa (1998-2006)

CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTING COMPANY, Muscat Oman, Duration: Apr 1997 to Oct 1997
Project Engineer
Project: Construction of Al-Maha Filling Station, Suwaiq Oman Contract value: OMR 275, 000 (USD 715, 000). Report to: GM – Projects, Team: 5 staff + 75 workers
●Supervised the execution of all works at site ensuring adherence to schedules, approved budgets and compliance with safety & quality standards.
●Coordinated with, monitored & controlled subcontractor ensuring achievement of schedule & specification objectives.
●Liaised with the clients, resolved issues and provided daily progress reports.
●Conducted quantity surveys, prepared company invoices and verified invoices submitted by subcontractors.
Highlight
●Completed the project on time and within approved budget.

AL-SAWARI ENGINEERING CONSULTANCY, Muscat Oman, Duration: Nov 1996 to Mar 1997
Consultant Engineer
Report to: Senior Design Architect Team: 3 staff
●Supervised the construction of about 50 private residential villas/flats Total contract value: OMR 750, 000 (USD 2 million)
●Evaluated bids & offers prequalified and recommended selection of contractors.
●Supervised the process of tendering and preparation of proposals.
●Prepared planning documents for various stages of ongoing projects.
●Coordinated with architects in implementing changes sought by clients and ensured notification to all parties.
●Supervised execution of works at site from start till handing over including maintenance period.
●Prepared daily & weekly summary project status & progress reports.
●Liaised with regulatory authorities of Oman and responded to all queries raised by them.

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATION

Graduate Member, Institution of Civil Engineers UK, Membership #63875179

EDUCATION
M.Sc. Engineering Project Management
Coventry University UK, 2007
Distinction, Awarded Faculty of Engineering & Computing Prize for Best Overall Performance
http://www.coventry.ac.uk/course-structure/2014/faculty-of-engineering-and-computing/postgraduate/engineering-project-management-msc/
B.Sc. Engineering, Civil Engineering
Z. H. College of Engineering & Technology, India, 1996, First Class
http://engg.amu.ac.in/index.html

TRAINING
●Leadership Skills, David Lee, MENA HR Solutions LLC, Feb 2014
●Action Centered Leadership – The John Adair Leadership Development Program, Intermediate Level, Dr. Sunil Gupta Certified ACL Trainer
●Problem Solving & Decision Making Skills
●Effective Project Management, Prof. Mohammed Salim Abdul Aziz, Dean & Director TKM College of Management, Kollam India
●Manage Project Professionally – 9 Knowledge Areas, PMCC (India) Pvt Ltd, Jan 2011
●Safety Training – PDO Standards

PERSONAL INFORMATION
●Date of Birth: 26 November 1970
●Languages: English, Arabic, Hindi & Urdu
●Nationality & Passport: Indian
●NOC: Available
●Software: Primavera, AutoCAD, MS Office – Word, Excel, PowerPoint
●Omani Driving License: Available
Contact this candidate