Jorge Calleja Flores
Facilities & Maintenance Manager
adqkci@r.postjobfree.com • 915-***-****
LinkedIn• El Paso, TX
Meticulous professional with extensive experience providing Management throughout facilities and maintenance operations. Demonstrated capacity to supervise diverse teams in highly regulated environments by leveraging innovative leadership strategies. Articulate communicator with ability to analyze, interpret, and convey complex concepts to stakeholders across all levels of business in excellent oral, as well as written English and Spanish. Possess significant expertise in good manufacturing practice. Adept at performing groundskeeping and landscaping within hospitality environments. Technically proficient at utilizing software systems inclusive of Cognex Vision, Maximo, MP2, PLC Allen Bradley, as well as RSLogic 500 and 5000.
Areas of Expertise
Facilities Management
Preventative Maintenance
Team Leadership
Plastic Injection Molding
OHSA Compliance
Strategic Planning & Consultancy
Project Management
Corrective Maintenance
Budget Control
Safety Inspections
Technical Support
Risk Analysis & Mitigation
Quality Control
Staff Training & Development
Continual Process Improvement
Career Experience
Becton Dickinson, El Paso TX 2015 – 02/2022
Senior Lead Technical Engineer (2016 – 02/2022)
Direct development and implementation of new automated equipment, inclusive of 1ML and 26ML-6 machines. Oversee all activities conducted in relation to automatic assembly machines during second shift. Support innovative projects oriented towards administering modifications to drive overall equipment efficiency. Deliver agile recommendations in relation to utilization of appropriate parts to enhance reliability and effectiveness. Facilitate comprehensive training sessions to Equipment Operators in support of continual professional development. Actively monitor production and verify strict regulatory compliance.
Engaged in strategic planning to define objectives and procedures or automated equipment project.
Enhanced overall efficiency from 70% to 98%.
Enabled reduction of scrap from 6.3% to 0.8%.
Boosted equipment output from 67K Pcs to 97K Pcs per shift.
Achieved 96% of target fill rate and executed production plan while maintaining 98% adherence.
Senior Maintenance Engineer (2015 – 2016)
Delivered technical maintenance support to facilities on air compressors, HVAC system, machine shop, and spare parts room. Contributed to development of new automated equipment area, in addition to required utilities installation within manufacturing division. Performed detailed inspections of equipment, as well as conducted corrective, preventative, and routine maintenance. Drove technical troubleshooting efforts into equipment malfunctions. Facilitated training to team members on correct operations of newly developed automated equipment. Maintained adherence with all safety regulations by performing walk-through to detect unsafe conditions, in addition to maintaining accurate reports on repairs into logbooks for FDA audit purposes.
Invested 15K DIIs to improve safety guards at machine shop, as well as on manufacture equipment.
Johnson & Johnson, Juarez, MX 2014 – 2015
Senior Facilities Engineering Consultant
Participated in monthly project management meetings. Performed strategic analyses of internal policies and construction safety procedures, materials submittals, utilities drawings, as well as qualification documents for validation master plan. Offered assistance to Construction Manager by supervising installation of facilities equipment to monitor field productivity and project performance. Liaised with Project Control Engineer to evaluate contractor advances in relation to construction schedule. Supported swift conflict resolution on-site, as well as between stakeholders. Collated comprehensive reports in support of commissioning process. Verified strict compliance with good manufacturing practice throughout construction process.
Spearheaded implementation of safety program, involving integration of routine safety inspections to verify compliance of working conditions and practices with internal policies, as well as formulating remedial action strategies as required.
Directed integration of Honeywell BMS/EMS systems during construction process.
Possess significant experience in operations and administration of Honeywell HVAC control system.
Executed construction of 86K sqft facility in support of medical manufacture plan, as well as supported desifn of landscaping, parking lots, and exterior areas.
Covidien, Juarez, MX 2008 – 2013
Maintenance Engineer
Supervised operations conducted within facilities, manufacture equipment maintenance, and tool room areas, with direct oversight for 25-member team Technicians. Directed prioritization and coordination of maintenance, as well as repair activities. Prepared capital expense requests for equipment and tools, generated annual forecasts, as well as performed budget control. Supported complex construction projects by leading teams throughout lifecycle, as well as delivering strategic consultancy related to contractor proposals, performance management, and vendor selection. Engaged in strategic planning in support of molding characterization and transfer process. Conducted walk-through inspections to verify appropriate operation of facility equipment, as well as proactively identify prospective risks.
Directed implementation of preventative maintenance program for facilities and manufacture equipment.
Devised innovative tool crib and established tool room by leveraging MP2 CME system.
Spearheaded upgrade of facilities systems including air compressors, roof membrane, and water heaters, as well as construction of new molding area to support transfer project.
Formulated and integrated innovative energy-saving programs related to power factor, as well as light-intelligent control panels.
Drove coordination of Zero Access Program aimed at enhancing overall equipment safety.
Facilitated comprehensive training workshops to Maintenance Technicians on issue diagnosis, electricity, pneumatics, and safety.
Performed groundskeeping and landscaping.
Education
Bachelor of Science in Electromechanical Engineering Instituto Tecnologico de Juarez, Juarez, MX
Professional Training
AutoCad
AEE Energy-Saving Seminar
Boiler Maintenance Training
Emergency Brigade
Energy conservation (CFE)
FDA Validation Seminars
ISO13485
OHSA 30-Hours Training
Kaisen
Leadership Management
Lean Manufacturing
MS Office 2010
Poke-Yoke
Project Management
Work Team
OHSA #7115 Lockout/Tagout
Volunteer Experience
RICO Ministry, Volunteer, 2013 – Present
Contact this candidate