DHANVINDER BHATTI
Livermore, CA ***** adqkl2@r.postjobfree.com
925-***-**** www.linkedin.com/in/dhanvinder-bhatti
SUMMARY:
Software Development and Network Engineering Manager.
Technical Management, Research and Development, Project Management.
Engineering Manager with demonstrated success delivering strategic enterprise unified communication VOIP and telecommunication.
Experience managing multidisciplinary software development team of 23 engineers in multiple locations worldwide, including testing and customer support teams.
Provide network consulting for voice, video and data with service providers such as Covad, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Cable Vision, Shore Tel, Sudden Link and Bright House Networks.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE:
Requirements Analysis, Software Design, Maintenance and Quality Assurance
Software Project Management
System architecture
Telecommunications, Call Processing Applications
Unified Communication
WebRTC, VoIP, SIP, Q931, Q921, H323, MGCP, NCS
Cable Docsis 3.0 /3.1 CMTS, Technical Level 3 support
Routing and Switching, Wireless technologies 802.11a,b, g and N
People Management, Team Leadership, outsourcing team Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Futurewei, Santa Clara July 2021 to Present
Technical Program Manager
Managing IT Infrastructure team on remote sites in Seattle, Santa Clara, Chicago and New jersey
LAN/WAN and Wifi Network.
Provide SOW for employees in Cloud and Mobile Android OS and IT managed services.
Azure AD, Zoom Video conferencing, Intune
Provide Quarterly Business report to higher management.
Manage 24x7 incident resolution of team by using tool ServiceNow.
Provide weekly status reports to higher management.

Embedur, Fremont, CA Sept 2019 to June 2020
Technical Project Manager
Program manager for Astral Wifi controller cloud solution to manage wifi access points.
Analyze customer requirements and estimate project development statement of work.
Arrange meetings with design team to deliver customer requirements.
Address Bug scrub meetings with design team to fix all high priority issues.
Attend weekly meetings with customers provide program status and technical issues.
Provide release notes to customers for software release delivered.
Present weekly program status with project deadlines to senior management.
Send invoice to vendors for Software milestones completion as Phase 1, phase 2, Unit testing and Final Release.
Product is being deployed by Xavi in service provider network Germany and Australia.
Data analysis for the deployment, customer failures and system recovery.

Cisco Systems, San Jose, CA 2010 to 2018
Technical Support Engineer
Managed Cisco accounts for cable service providers
-Carriers Comcast, Cox communications, Time Warner, Cable Vision and Rogers Cable
Attend meetings for their network production issues and report the hot issues back to Cisco Technical support team and provide feedback for customers.
Provided technical support for Network and production issues and ensure customer satisfaction 99.9%
Provided technical support for the following cisco product:
oCMTS router- UBR10k and CBR8 and RFGW10 and Remote Phy for voice, video and data.
Provided system stability redundancy, protection, switching and load balancing issues.
Delivered CMTS compliance for DOCSIS (1.0, 2.0, 3.0 and 3.1) with different CPE vendors QOS issues for voice, video and data.
Mentor junior engineers in USA as well LATAM.
Routing protocols knowledge OSPF, BGP, MPLS.
RMA HW System faulty line cards.
Wireshark packet capture analysis.

Freeport-McMoran, Phoenix, AZ 2008 to 2009
Technical Project Manager
Defined and designed Cisco Unified Communication Meeting place 4.0 conference solution:
for sites in North America, South America, Africa and Indonesia by replacing AT&T & Multipoint voice conferencing services.
Provided the enterprise based converged VOIP solution for the company over MPLS network.
Minimized long distance service toll charges throughout the company by $120,000 per year.
Cut down Operating expense by $750,000 per year.

Nortel Networks, San Jose, CA 2006 to 2008
Technical Project Manager
VoIP Media Gateway Project (Aug 2006 to Dec 2008)
Delivered Microsoft OCS Server solution on router 4134.
Provided VoIP Media Gateway with following interfaces
oISDN PRI/BRI and SIP trunk
Certified secure router4134 with Call servers like CS1K, Sylantro and Broadsoft.
Delivered 3 major hardware/software releases with good quality software and on time.
Completed alpha trials and field trial with customers.
Technical lead for Voice Engineering Team for addressing VOIP technical issues.
Coordinated and managed onshore/offshore development teams.
Managed budget of $1.5 million capital expense and Operating expenses for VoIP test lab equipment in US and India.

Covad Communications, San Jose, CA 2004 to 2006
Manager Access Networks/ VoIP System Architect
Managed team of 12 engineers, responsible for next generation triple play voice, Video and Data on DSLAM’s,
CPE and Tier 3 technical support.
Built triple play deployment lab for voice, video and data infrastructure.
Provided DLSAM RFP documents for 3rd party vendors like Nokia, Zhone and Samsung.
Prepared CPE RFP requirements for 3rd party vendors like Netopia, 2Wire, Samsung and Broadxent.
Field Trial with Earth link service provide:
oSoft Switch - Sylantro, broad soft proxy server, CISCO 5350 media Gateway and ACME Session border controller.

Neutron Systems, San Jose, CA 2003 to 2004
Director of Software Engineering/Cofounder: Wireless Enterprise Server Design
Provided architecture spec for Wireless controller so that end users could make voice over IP Wifi
calls with dual mode cell phones to PSTN as well as Cellular network.
Implemented CPE device with 4 port FXS voice over IP (H.323, MGCP and SIP).
Provided backend technical marketing and pre-sale and post-sale support to various ISPs.
Managed and mentor team of software development Engineers in US and India.

WebEx Communications, Santa Clara, CA 2002 to 2003
Lead Telephony Engineer
Interfaced between marketing and engineering teams for any voice related projects.
Hybrid Architecture platform was purposed with SIP based:
oUbiquity Application server, Telica Media gateway and Convedia media server for conferencing.
oPurposed solution reduced 35% cost per port.
Provided WebEx meeting Audio conference recording capability.
Provided technical support for voice conferencing calls.
Ishoni Networks, Santa Clara, CA (Acquired by Phillips) 1999 to 2002
Senior Manager / Technical Lead
Managed a team of software development engineers in the US as well as offshore.
Developed System on a chip solution:
VOIP applications (MGCP, SIP, and H.323 protocols and DSP codecs G.711, G.726, G.729 and G.723
Voice over ATM with GR303 and LAPV5.2.
4 port ethernet LAN switching
WAN interface with ATM, Frame relay, Docsis (1.0/2.0) and DSL
Engaged with partners and customers for system requirements, participate in interoperability evaluation, customer field trials and market launch.
Built conformance test lab with DSLAM (Nokia, Alcatel and Lucent), router, ATM switches for load testing.
Provide Presale and Post sale support to Business development team for customers design win.
Provide performance reviews, and training to the engineers.

Nortel Networks, Santa Clara, CA & Canada 1990 to 1999
Development prime for Meridian1 PBX requirements for Asia Pacific and CALA market.
Development prime for Meridian1 PBX requirements for Asia Pacific and CALA market
Interfaced with Product Marketing and customers on feature requirements, lab trials & field trials
Effectively managed team of 23 software development engineers in USA and WIPRO Banglore India.
EDUCATION:
Master of Science (MS) in Electrical Engineering, Digital Communications, Concordia University, Montreal, Canada
Bachelor of Science (BS) in Electrical Engineering, Punjab University, Chandigarh, India

CERTIFICATION:
CCNA Certification (Routing & Switching)
AWS solution architect
Contact this candidate