Akhilesh Thapliyal
adqxju@r.postjobfree.com 484-***-**** Philadelphia, PA 19085 LinkedIn

An Engineering Manager with 15 years of work experience (B2B, B2C, Business & Data Analytics, Consulting, Product Management) expertise across Business & Revenue growth strategy, Sales and Service excellence through operations improvement & Digital transformation with Data Analytics & Salesforce CRM implementation.

SKILLS
Technologies: Salesforce, CRM, SAP Admin,Statistics, Minitab, Data Mining,R,Python, and Data Visualization(Tableau) .
Management: Team Lead, MS Excel, Project Management, MS Project, Product Management, Six Sigma, Business Analytics

EDUCATION
THE PENNSYLVANIA STATE UNIVERSITY, Malvern, PA Anticipated May 2022
Master of Engineering Management
Awarded Merit Based Scholarship
Coursework: Project Management Mathematical modelling: Optimization, Simulation & Forecasting Decision Models: Data to Profit Machine learning Data Visualization Business Analysis Finance Supply chain Management

SYMBIOSIS INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY, SCDL, Pune, India March 2011
Master of Business Administration Major: Marketing Business Analysis Financial Analysis

G.B.P.U.A.T, Pantnagar, India May 2003
Bachelor of Technology Major: Mechanical Engineering Farm equipment Food Processing

CERTIFICATIONS
Project Management ® (PMP®)
Six Sigma & Kaizen – Mahindra & Mahindra (Internal)
Product Management –Mahindra & Mahindra (Internal)
Financial Analysis

WORK EXPERIENCE

BAJAJ AUTO India (Fortune 500, Commercial Vehicle, Last Mile Mobility) Jul,2010 - Aug,2021
Program Manager (Project Management Digital Transformation Salesforce CRM SAP) 2017-2020
• Deployed Salesforce capabilities to improve organization productivity, automate non-value manual tasks and continuously improve various teams' usage of Salesforce across North India.
• Implemented Salesforce to evaluate customer satisfaction, and network compliance to standards across critical parameters in >100 dealerships.
• Gathered key Business metrics & Functional requirement by scope defining and prioritised requirements to analyse, design and implement technology best practices & Business processes .
• Created technical requirements for developers and provided suggestions during the development stage that will meet customer business needs .
• Lead and performed requirements and specifications documentation configuring, testing and launching CRM solutions.
• Maintained and coordinated communication with the customer/client throughout the project.
• Defined solution, definition and architecture of Salesforce products Sales Cloud, Service Cloud and Marketing Cloud.
• Developed, maintained with perform processes to continuously monitor data quality and integrity in platform applications with Salesforce .
•. Configured Users, Profiles Role Creation/Maintenance, Custom and Formula Fields, Validation Rules, Page Layouts and List Views, Assignment/Auto Response/Escalation, Workflows & Approvals and Process Builder.
• Coached network Sales,Service, Finance end user team for feature and functionality with Training /Training Material.
• Improved CRM, retention, and dealership performance by benchmarking network with key competitors.

Manager (Business Analysis Marketing Analytics Go To Market Product Management B2B ) 2014-2017
Spearheaded sales and marketing operations (Business Analytics,Data visualization(Tableau),Scheduling, Budgeting and Resource planning) with 11 nos. sales and service team and overall strategy formulations .
Developed 23+ solutions on Business and Data analytics enabling lead prioritisation, wider coverage, improved conversion, enhanced value selling and decision making.
Performed data analysis, analysed and track key marketing, sales, customer and financial metrics to foster process improvement and efficiencies.
Develop standard and ad hoc reports using a variety of internal systems. Integrate data from multiple sources into unified reports generating meaningful data
Assist in the integration of traditional insights for the development of more holistic and complete recommendations
Proactively identify gaps and opportunities for sales and marketing teams, and use data to generate leads and to drive revenue
Collaborate with field teams to identify critical business problems and areas of opportunity and translate business questions into quantitative analyze
Mahindra & Mahindra, India (Fortune 500,Automobile, Construction Eq., Tractors ) Mar, 2006 – July 2010 Assistant Manager, Sales Management Channel Management Deal Negotiation and closing Kaizen Six Sigma
Monitored Business analytics and Marketing analytics customer buying trends, market conditions and competition actions to adjust strategies and achieve sales goals.
Implemented and Utilized Mahindra Sales System, Six sigma and Kaizen at North India .
Product Manager: -Shaan, Arjun (Construction Business)
Held weekly Reviews with territory managers to identify techniques to overcome sales obstacles.
Compared techno commercial aspects of John Deere,CNH w.r.t M&M for awareness among the decision makers.

Massey Fergusson (TAFE, Agricultural Machinery) India Oct 2004 – Mar 2006
Executive (Oct 2004 – Mar 2006) Market Research Lead Management Goal setting and Forecasting Territory Management Prospecting Customer Retention Customer Satisfaction
Business and CRM process implementation (Lead Management,Generation, Conversion, Event Planning and Execution) across dealerships in Northern India
Created Metrics to assist decision making for placement of needed resources (Man, Machine, Money, Methods).
Coordinated statistical data analysis of industry trend, design, and information flow for events execution.
Contact this candidate