NEELAM KAUR
OBJECTIVE:
Certified ScrumMaster速 (CSM速), Innovative and solutions focused IT professional, specialized in leading high-performing and multi-disciplinary teams from sketching the product roadmap, solutioning, designing, development through successful product launches. Accustomed to managing multiple projects and priorities in fast paced environment.
EDUCATION:
Master in Internet Information Systems, from Robert Morris University, PA Awarded and is Member of Alpha Iota Mu International Honor Society Leading SAFe 5.1 Certification
Certified ScrumMaster速 (CSM速)
Master in Computer Application (MCA), Punjabi University, India Bachelors in Computer Applications, Guru Nanak Dev University, India PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Over 19 years of Software Industry experience leading and carrying out all phases of full Software Development lifecycle for enterprise applications. Currently working fulltime as an Engineer Manager coaching multiple teams, helping in prioritizing and delivering high quality solutions incrementally in a series of short iterations for faster customer feedback. KEY TECHNOLOGIES: Workday, Clarizen, EPPM (Planview Enterprise PPM), Coupa, Beeline, Eureka, Splunk, Datadog, Github, PostgreSQL, Redis cache, Kafka, Java, SpringBoot, Node.js, Spring, AWS, JIRA, Confluence, Version One, Power BI, MIRO, IntelliJ IDEA CE, Rational Application Developer, Eclipse, Maven, Gradle, Jenkins, EKS, SmartGIT, SOAPUI, Postman, Docker, SonarQube, Dynatrace, JAXB, WSDL, JSP, JQuery, CSS, JavaScript, ClearCase, Clarity, PL/SQL, TOAD, PL/SQL Developer, SOAPUI, HP Quality Center ALM, Web services, Oracle, MS Visio, SonarQube, Clarity ENGINEERING MANAGER 04/2021-Present
Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.
PROJECT SUMMARY:
As an Engineering Manager at Thermo Fisher Scientific, Digital Engineering, I am responsible for planning, staffing, execution, delivery, and operations of enterprise retail applications supporting eCommerce platforms and digital media offerings for B2C and B2B markets on multi-platforms, fishersci.com and thermofisher.com. Built and managed Center of Excellence for micro service web applications, managing 3 product teams (including 1 offshore team). I as an Engineer Manager, coach the Product Owners, Scrum Masters and Software engineers across multiple scrum teams in the Digital Engineering Division to follow agile best practices. In addition, I partner with the Architects, Solution Owners, and Product Managers to ensure delivery of high quality software across multiple platforms. I have been continuously proven myself as a dynamic, versatile technical leader and a great servant leader with comprehensive experience in all facets of software development across diverse industries and platforms. KEY SKILL:
Managing simultaneously multiple onshore and offshore SAFe ARTs and individual SCRUM teams.
Defining project roadmaps in the form of Epics, Features and Stories at SAFe Product Increment
(PI) and iteration planning events.
Intense experience managing the release and execution of code product increments using GitHub, Jenkins, Selenium and the CICD pipeline.
Driving the hiring process by owning the recruiting process as well as developing the employee on- boarding process. Analyze capacity planning for adequate resources to meet demand.
Collaborating with Product and Program Managers to develop a long-term roadmap with achievable estimates, ensuring software engineering priorities are included within the roadmap.
Working closely with software engineers, automation tester, solution owner, product owners and other engineering managers to architect, develop and deliver the best solutions.
Guide project's roadmap, lending expertise and strategic thinking to ensure business alignment.
Manage team members including setting objectives, reviewing performance and establishing a positive working environment and access performance during annual PMD(Performance Management and Development).
Identified innovative solutions with creative problem solving technique using LUMA System of Innovation and various Hackathons.
Management of departmental resources, staffing, mentoring, and enhancing and maintaining a best-of-class engineering team.
Responsible for design/development activities which may include leading, participating, or supporting concept, planning, design and execution stages and actively engaging in Design thinking sessions.
Coach team members and provide ongoing professional guidance and direction.
Provide expertise for teams in all matters related to deployment, building and release process.
Utilize tools such as Burn-down chart, velocity to understand and improve team progress and performance to measure KPIs using Power BI reports.
Utilize team velocity and projected goals to detect risks on committed deliverables. Utilize inner personal skills to communicate risks.
Ensure the most efficient use of resources and technologies.
Work with all the stakeholders to assemble project teams, assign responsibilities, identify appropriate resources needed, and develop schedules to ensure timely completion of projects by meeting project milestones.
Gradually and firmly establish good engineering practices such as BDD/TDD and pair programing. APPLICATION LEAD 01/2014-03/2021
PNC, Financial Services Group, Inc.
PROJECT SUMMARY:
Lead various scrum and Kanban teams on different platforms building highly complex Web Applications for a variety of eCommerce solutions related to Online Banking for Investments, Credit Cards, Debit cards, Mortgage etc.
Continuously leading projects, mentoring new hires and delivering efficient designs and optimal solutions using best-in-class software techniques in collaboration with various business units.
I was the key playing in the current PNC BBVA integration project and a subject matter expert in modernizing all the applications for different Debit Card features by providing design and development guidance for complex software architectures via Technical specifications architectural design reviews and requirement reviews.
Actively engaged with the business, aligned with their priorities and manage the on-time delivery of their applications.
Managing career progression and personal development of software engineers by creating a mentoring and coaching environment to help develop engineering capabilities.
Helped teams transition from waterfall to agile methodology. Writing stories and maintaining backlog.
Able to successfully run from Design till execution and production release by working closely with Product Manager, Business Analyst, Project Manager, Quality Analyst and release Manager to ensure all the milestones are met in timely fashion.
Worked with software engineers, QA engineers, project managers, configuration management and Infrastructure team members, as needed, to ensure quality and the successful rollout of new applications or features by engaging in test plan reviews and UAT.
Provided post-release software and application support, including incident reporting.
Staffing and training developers offshore or onsite, reviews code and documents, and provides input and feedback on code and documentation.
Supported a multi-application release.
Managed daily aspects of the project including, process definition, goal documentation, facilitating meetings, gathering business requirements, daily status meetings, user acceptance testing, vendor management and project team deliverables.
TECHNICAL TEAM LEAD 02/2008 - 01/2014
Servicelink, Fidelity National Financial, Inc.
PROJECT SUMMARY:
ServiceLink is part of Fidelity National Finance. ServiceLink provides title, settlement and appraisal services to mortgage and real estate companies across the country. Played a key SME backend developer role in many complex architect solutions to integrate with third party vendor APIs. Vendor Management: In an effort to provide the best in class service to the clients and partners we have introduced a next generation system to streamline and automate the vendor assignment process. This has helped in achieving the goal to have a >50% automated vendor assignment solution while increasing quality of execution with dynamic Internet-accessible scheduling capabilities within 90 days using Off- The-Shelf components where applicable.
Vision Integration: The purpose of this project was to create a Title abstract integration between the VISION system and clients(Bank of America, Chase, Everbank, US Bank, Wells Fargo, Navy Federal, Penn Federal) system so as to make the two systems communicate with each other successfully and thereby increase the efficiency of FNF dynamically. This gives capability to our clients to send order requests over the interface and thereby receive fulfillments over the interface after order gets processed. SR. SOFTWARE ENGINEER 07/2004 - 10/2006
Siemens Information Systems Ltd.
PROJECT SUMMARY:
Smart Portal: BBC smart is a portal solution proposed by SBS to BBC UK. This system provides a single entry point to various applications that facilitates services provided by SBS to BBC. It has to provide interface to applications such as Catalogue, Scheduled Server Downtime Management, Asset Management, Incident Management, Self-service, Knowledge Share and Call-off services. Apart from providing interfaces to these applications, the project involved other features such as Search, Communication Area, Contact Us, Online help and Back office functions. For the BBC project, I was involved in the development of a portal for their worldwide employees. They had lot of back-end applications that they wanted to integrate and also provide a front end on the portal. Web services were being used as integration technology. XSLT 2.0 was used as a stylesheet language, and Saxon 8.x as an XSLT engine. The objective was to develop and implement a thin Portal that has a thin presentation layer and integrates with multiple back-end fulfilment systems for BBC customer.
Infineon Corporate Data Warehousing: The Infineon Corporate Data Warehouse (CWH) contains business data of the development, planning and production processes as well as orders, sales and revenue data in a central reporting system. Different operative applications such as SAP-SD and -MM systems, but also legal applications like RIAS Order Management and PGS+ are the sources for the reporting data, depending on the source system and the environment there are different extraction and loading processes. The data warehouse contains a central infohub where all the data are loaded and made available for data mart accesses. In the infohub the data are stored on a finest granularity level whereas the data marts have designed and implemented aggregations to optimize user accesses. I was engaged in extracting reports and creating queries out of the data marts Continuous professional application management and operations that was offered 7days/24hours every week of the year.
Developer/Intern 01/2004 - 06/2004
Tata Consultancy Services
PROJECT SUMMARY:
I have served as an intern developer for six months internship in TCS and was involved in a development project for the computerization of helpdesk of Product Alliance Group using Oracle9i & Visual basic 6.0. The project includes various forms and reports generation including Call tracing, Installation report, performance feedback, parameter settings and many other modules. It stores the call details about the incidents logged by internal employees (DBAs) of the client. It also stores the status of problem and personnel allocated along with other call details. It also involved various DBA activities like creating & maintaining database schemas, Data Migration, importing & exporting different schema, Cold & Hot backups, handling Performance issues and so on.
Contact this candidate