Dusty Pittman
Raymond, MS adrmcv@r.postjobfree.com 601-***-****

Bachelor of Science in Industrial Technology
Engineering and Maintenance Manager

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Dynamic and competitive leader equipped with vision. Possessing an extensive track record of leadership and proven results. Known as a pioneer of innovation who leverages a wealth of expertise to influence operational performances, while maximizing productivity, excellent organizational skills, and maintaining safety standards. Demonstrates strong analytical skills and is successful in leading and developing high performing teams for complex organizations.

Education
Bachelor of Science in Industrial technology
MISSISSIPPI STATE UNIVERSITY

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Operations Management – Engineering Management – Maintenance Management – Customer Service – Change Management – Union Management
OSHA - Reporting – KPI Management - Integrations- Strategic Plans – Continuous Improvement – Risk Management
Safety - Budgeting – Capex - Project Management - Performance Management- Business Development

ARMSTRONG FLOORING – Jackson, MS 2020-Present
“Armstrong Flooring, Inc. is a global leader in the design and manufacture of innovative flooring solutions that inspire beauty wherever your life happens. Headquartered in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, Armstrong Flooring is a leading manufacturer of resilient products across North America. The company safely and responsibly operates seven manufacturing facilities globally, working to provide the highest levels of service, quality, and innovation to ensure it remains as strong and vital as its 150-year heritage.”
Maintenance and Engineering manager
Influential leader of manufacturing operations and engineering at a high volume, high speed, continuous manufacturing, and automated factory. Overseeing 26 employees to make up a diverse team of Engineers, Techs and PM/CMMS Coordinators.
Establish goals, metrics and development plans for Engineers and Technicians to drive manufacturing improvement initiatives.
Closely monitor overall manufacturing performance based on Key Performance Indicators (KPI)
Provide direction to Engineers and Cross-Functional Teams using TPM and Kaizen methodologies supporting continuous improvement initiatives.
Control department budget, capital plans and project management and focus on cost reduction plans driven by yield and availability triggers.
Tracked yield and availability numbers to monitor improvement progress through root cause analysis, kaizen projects and TPM.
Improved Machine Reliability and Uptime Improvements more than 15% to achieve sustained Availability averages over 95%.
Implemented a safety driven culture throughout the plant and closely monitored projects related to closing safety work order initiatives.

Armstrong Flooring Jackson, MS Sept 2020 to Dec 2020
Senior Project/Process Engineer

Responsible for Line Performance and Cost Reduction Opportunities.
Works closely with Production for Root Cause Analysis and AWO Implementation.
Process Lead on Reactive, Preventive and Proactive Projects.
Project Management and Resource Planning.
Working Closely with Operators and Maintenance to Improve Processes.
Actively participates in Maintenance PM Planning and Uptime Opportunities.
TPM Implementation on Projects Throughout the Plant.
Responsible for AR Requisitions and for Capital Projects.
Lean Standardization of Startup and Changeover Procedures

Eaton Vicksburg, MS
PME/Senior Manufacturing Engineer March 2011 to Sept. 2020

Project Management for all plant equipment – including maintenance, upgrades, and new equipment installation and training.
Responsible for working closely with our maintenance department when needed to troubleshoot complex equipment issues.
Responsible for PM management and spare parts lists for critical equipment.
Creating and Managing BOMs for products using SAP software.
Responsible for making and implementing changes to products.
Supporting customer service and post sales groups to provide technical assistance with field warranty/service issues and questions.
Responsible for ECN changes and BOM updates to reflect those changes.
Responsible for keeping ISO documents revised and readily accessible.
ISO auditor for internal auditing within the plant.
Working closely with vendors to obtain quotes.
Auditing/Approving suppliers for raw material components.
Responsible for minimizing downtime in a manufacturing plant environment.
Responsible for implementing process improvements to increase plant efficiency.
Responsible for programming CNC and ABB workstations.
Production scheduling with SAP – this includes ordering/managing/maintaining stock levels of raw material for the production floor.

R-SQUARED Puckett, MS
Plant Engineer/Facilities Manager June 2006 to April 2011

Responsible for 4 managers and 13 employees.
Responsible for Implementing Preventive and Predictive Maintenance Programs in a QS Environment.
Equipment Maintenance to minimize downtime.
Responsible for all wastewater and environmental matters.
Responsible for ISO certification in treatment facility.
New equipment installation and development of manufacturing process flow.
Project management from concept to design to implementation.
Work closely with the quality department to manage 8-D projects and cross-functional teams.
Responsible for running the tool and die shop.
Responsible for plant QOS charts and monthly efficiency reporting.
Responsible for managing job scopes, budgets, and schedules.

DOVER INDUSTRIES Jackson, MS
Senior Manufacturing/Product Development Engineer Aug 2002 to June 2006

Started as Electrical Engineer, was promoted to Senior Electrical Engineer, then to Service Manager, and ultimately to Manager of Product Development.
Responsible for 3 managers and 22 employees as Director of Service.
Responsible for manufacturing line support, trouble-shooting equipment, new design testing and implementation.
Responsible for lab which oversees research and development testing on all projects and resolution of all service issues.
Diagnose and resolve field technical service issues to ensure timely resolution of equipment issues and promote customer satisfaction.
Perform project management and process planning.
Creation of PCB board layout and route as well as direct interaction with board houses.
Company spokesman for NAFEM.
Resolution of all service-related technology issues.
Wire harness layout and design.
Schematic capture for electrical, hydraulic, pneumatic, and gas equipment.

DIVERSIFIED TECHNOLOGY Ridgeland, MS
Electrical Design Engineer/CAD Administrator Aug 2000 to Aug. 2002

Design custom computer boards using Mentor Graphics, AutoCad, CadKey, and Microstation.
Responsible for all ISO documentation and training of new engineers.
Resolution of all board house issues concerning finish and impedance requirements.
Manufacturing line support and process flow recommendations and implementation.

GRENADA MANUFACTURING COMPANY, LLC Grenada, MS Jan. 1998 to Aug. 2000
Plant Engineer

Responsible for all engineers and a staff of 8 maintenance men over 3 shifts.
Project management of all engineering projects.
Installation of various types of equipment.
Supervision of maintenance department.
Design of workflow for various projects.
Stamping die rework and detailing/modifications on CAD.
Training of new electricians.
Rebuilding of equipment.
Manufacturing process flow and line setup, MTM studies for line efficiency.
Contact this candidate