Matthias Roemer

adrozj@r.postjobfree.com 780-***-****
Beaver County, AB T0B 4J1
Manufacturing & Production Management
Substantial experience in driving production and manufacturing performance through effective and innovative leadership.
Industrious and accomplished leader with proven success in setting up new production lines, managing maintenance, and ensuring seamless workflow. Recognized for slashing costs, decreasing downtime, and improving product quality. Expert in leading and delivering multi-million-dollar projects within budgetary and time constraints. Adept at building, directing, and empowering cross-functional teams. Thrive in challenging and ever-changing environments.
Areas of Expertise
Production Planning & Scheduling
Team Building & Leadership
Manufacturing & Construction
Project Lifecycle Management
Continuous Process Improvement
Equipment Repairs & Maintenance
Blue Print & Flow Diagram Comprehension
Production Processes Enhancement
Plant Engineering
Staff Health & Safety
Root Cause Analysis
Change Management
Accomplishments
Directed the establishment and management of new production line, including initiating proper machinery training following work safety procedures and organizing process sequences to streamline assembly, installation, and shipping.
Saved $120K by fixing installation issues for multi-million-dollar roof construction project for a high-rise building in Calgary.
Resolved installation delays and streamline workflow for a $36M project involving the construction of a high-rise building.
Uncovered issues through root causes analysis and significantly saved company time and money.
Career Experience
Flynn Canada LTD., Edmonton Branch, Alberta 2017 2021
Glazing and Fabrication Shop Manager
Manage daily activities of three different departments, including trim shop, glazing shop, and architectural panel fabrication. Steer highly skilled team of workers, evaluating and improving their performance through training. Guide and coach staff on company policies and H&S systems. Streamline internal communication and fix issues by partnering with support staff, and shop, department, project, and QA management. Create and maintain safe and productive work environment by preventing potential accidents and injuries. Examine work orders and shop hours on regular basis relative to workstation. Ensure high-quality products produced by following quality standards. Update personnel on production results, hours, buffers, and reasons for any problems/success.
Grew and developed department from three to 27 Employees to compete fabrication.
Significantly minimized costs by changing material setup and workflow, attained same production with only one CNC machine instead of two by rearranging manufacturing line at the architectural panel department.
Decreased damage of finished products during transport to job sites by changing the way of crates packing.
Enhanced fabrication quality through the execution of quality control system for each department including an NCR setup.
Played a lead role in earning companys safety award in 2021 out of 20+ branches by leading team, as LSE Manager.
Commended by management for consistently achieving production and delivery targets.
All Weather Windows Commercial, Edmonton, AB 2014 2016
Fabrication Supervisor/ Manager
Oversaw fabrication of Curtain wall and Doors in line with installation schedule and progress on different job sites. Conducted interviews, hired qualified staff, and organized on-boarding sections. Improved skills and performance of staff by delivering trainings. Directed inventory functions, including selecting high-potential suppliers, ordering products, and receiving/stowing.
Streamlined commercial curtain wall production operations.
Visionwall LTD / Envision Global Inc. / Envision Building Envelope, AB 2011 2014
Plant Manager/ Manager
Managed overall plant operations, assessing and resolving issues to minimize downtime. Steered high-achieving teams, evaluating their performance and offering productive feedback for improvements.
Led multi-million-dollar project involving consolidation of two plants at new location .

Additional Experience
Site Superintendent, Flynn Canada Ltd - EPCOR Tower site, Edmonton, AB, 2010 2011
Production Line Supervisor/Installation Manager, Visionwall Corporation, Edmonton,AB 2006 2010
Life insurance Agent with License, Sales Representative, American Income Life, Edmonton, AB, 2006
Assembly Line Supervisor, QUALIGLASS Windows and Doors Ltd., Edmonton,AB, 2006
Service Technician and Installer for Advanced Windows & Doors, Euro Innovation and Rona, Edmonton, 2005
Field Service Technologist, Magna IV Engineering Ltd., Edmonton, 2002 - 2004
Qualification
Leadership for Safety Excellence Course, WHMIS trained
Master Craftsman, Betriebsfachschule Max Taube, Zeulenroda, Germany (College)
Glazier Tradesmen, Communale Berufsschule, Gera, Germany
Instrumentation Technician, Betriebsfachschule Glasseidenwerk Oschatz, Germany (College)
Contact this candidate