William W West IV
** *** *** *****
Fitchburg, MA 01420

Senior manager with extensive manufacturing, sales and operational experience of companies in both turnaround manufacturing and converting industries. Strategic thinker who has progressed through all of the chairs in both union and non-union manufacturing environments. Education includes a PhD in International Business, MBA in Marketing and BSBA in Business Administration. Additional studies in European and International Law and Mergers and Acquisitions as well as process re-engineering.
Omni Projections South Hampton, NY March 2019 to present
Consulting practice to small and medium sized printing/converting/packaging companies with an emphasis on organic growth and operational excellence with continuous improvement through cost reductions, increased quality, customer satisfaction and retention with strategic planning.
President
Hire and train all employees that work directly and indirectly with client. Directly responsible for profit and loss statement as well as growth.
My direct experience in manufacturing management spans several private industries as well as the military and federal government.

I have concentrated on areas such as:

Customer satisfaction with a large decrease in customer complaints with the utilization of more effective customer communications

Increased product quality with the introduction of formal quality systems, ISO & TAPA, complemented by employees training the introduction of quality KPI (key process indicators) measured on a bi-monthly schedule

Reduced lead times to clients with a greater level of waste reaction programs and shorter change over time with an emphasis on production scheduling and order changes

Improved employee relations and communications with team meetings, create a team environment with schedule meeting to discuss effectiveness of current processes

Meet with qualified vendors for products and services to evaluate current and future relationships

Additionally my problem solving and conflict management skills are both horizontal and vertical within the organizations.

Direct experience with quality systems for various organizations.

TUV Rheinland of NA Cologne, Germany February 2001 to March 2019
North American group that is part of an International organization dedicated to product and management systems certifications for various industries.
Division Manager & Business Stream Manager
Direct responsibility includes profit and loss, budget as well as growth of the management systems division that extends to an international client base.
Senior Lead Auditor
Conduct on-site assessments of management systems to a series of international standards, directives and proprietary management systems for a global client base to include military clients
Lawson Mardon Packaging, NA New Hyde Park, NY & Baltimore, MD 1992 to 2001
Corporation is an international manufacturer of flexible packaging serving global markets worldwide.
Director of Operations
Managing Director with direct responsibility for all business operations to include full profit and loss statement combined with budgets for two facilities with full-service printing and converting capabilities. Both business units achieved ISO certifications in three languages. Annual revenue was 90 million US dollars.
Created and implemented a team environment that led to 250 % increase in net profit
Created partnership programs with customers and vendors that produced 150 % growth in international sales
Sold off inefficient equipment, closed select product lines and transferred others to different plant sites improving net profit on sales of assets equaling $ 250,000
Focused product lines to those we did best and that held the best potential
Built an incineration system (VOC) which brought us into state compliance
Reduced absenteeism to .03 %
Created and implemented a new raw materials consignment program dramatically increasing cash flow
Designed and implemented electronic vendor rating system improving controls over and quality of raw materials and material in process
Designed, purchased and installed a new printing press machine ($ 6mm U.S.) with upgraded printing capabilities and capacities
Astro-Valcour, Inc. Leominster, MA 1989 to 1992
A major manufacturer of flexible and rigid materials in Europe, Canada and the United States
General Manager
Responsible for a multi-shift manufacturing operation located in four buildings with a revenue of approximately 20 million US dollars. Products manufactured at this location are both printed and plain paper and plastics in roll form, as well as converted items. Directly accountable for manufacturing, customer service, maintenance, engineering, shipping and receiving, quality control and all labor negotiations with the labor union.
Implemented T.Q.M, J.I.T., S.S.E. and O.S.H.A compliance programs
Purchased and installed a recycling system for plastics reducing disposal costs by 75 %
Reduced manufacturing lead times from ten weeks to three weeks
Production Manager
Created and implemented computerized manufacturing reports from time study analysis. Created revised plant layout for materials, finished and raw, utilizing product flow methods and computerized inventory requirements.
CAB-TEK Nashua, NH 1985 to 1989
Largest dedicated manufacturer of computer cabinets and accessories in The United States
Regional Sales Manager
Responsible for all sales and marketing, direct and indirect, activities in the Eastern United States
Manufacturing/Engineering Manager
Directly responsible for all manufacturing, engineering, quality control, shipping and receiving.
Co-created and implemented a computerized system into manufacturing allowing for daily reporting of labor and material allocation
Created and implemented labor standards with combined quality and quantity assurance and no increase in labor
Contact this candidate