Personal Information
Personal details : Phumlani Innocent Sangweni
EE Profile : Male, black South African
Marital Status : Single
Address : Khula village, PO Box 9415, St Lucia 3936
Contact Details : 073-*******, adrxf7@r.postjobfree.com
ID Number : 89-07-31-58-51-087
Language ability : English, IsiZulu, Xhosa, isiNdebele, siSwati, Sesotho.
Driver’s license : Code 10 license (C1)
Health : excellent
Own vehicle : Yes
Education
Name of Institution : Central University of Technology
Qualification : BTech: Civil Engineering
Years attended : 2018-2018
Name of Institution : Cape Peninsula University of Technology
Qualification : ND: Civil Engineering
Years attended : 2012-2017
Name of Institution : University of Cape Town
Qualification : BSc: Civil Engineering
Years attended : 2010-2011
Name of High School : Silethukukhanya High School
Qualification : National certificate
Years attended : 2005-2009
Experience
1.January 2022 –Present Bonsai Engineering and Construction (Project Manager)
Monitor Project Progress and Set Deadlines. Evaluate Project Performance. Solve Issues That Arise. Tracking the work progress. Create and Managing Team. Report writing, conducting meetings, training interns. Compiling tender documents. Perform community development projects. Co-coordinate work, site supervision, and administrative work. Order material, project managing, procurements, BOQ, pricing, payment certificates and estimating.

2.January 2021 –December 2021 SANRAL/SAPOT (Mentor & supervisor: Civil Technologist)
Reviewing and approving SANRAL applications at the Statutory Control Office department (SCO). Traffic Impact Assessments (TIA), Site Traffic Assessment (STA), engaging developers, local Municipalities and road routine managers. Writing Reports, conducting meetings, training interns. Perform community development projects. Co-coordinate work, site supervision, and administrative work. Order material, meeting attending, project managing, tender documents, procurements, BOQ, pricing, payment certificates and estimating.

3.July 2020 – September 2020 Hlulani Civils, Site Agent
Oversee all on-site activities including organizing work and ensuring that key building materials are delivered on time. Making sure that work is done safely, on time, and within budget. Liaise with the PLC for any community issues, hiring staff, surveying, maintaining quality control procedures. Ensuring site safety by making safety inspections, Problem solving. Checking and preparing reports for clients.

4.September 2019 – May 2020 SANRAL/Inkanyiso JV (Supervisor: Civil Technologist)
Perform field quality control, observations and assessments, Inspect and assess the quality of materials being used for construction projects, Calculate the quantity of material, ensure compliance to project specifications including OHS and Environmental Specs, make sure that all construction activities are being carried out in accordance to present safety rules. Project managing, quality control, Monitor work progress, ensuring health and safety Check and track work. Monitor production & allowance targets. Manage, inspect & train interns.

5.January 2019 – August 2019 SAAO – Researcher (Civil Engineering Technologist)
Re-design and develop the SAAO facility. Co-coordinate work, site supervision, administrative work, report writing, meeting attending. Perform field quality control, observations and assessments, Inspect and assess the quality of materials being used for construction projects, Calculate the quantity of material, ensure compliance to project specifications including OHS and Environmental Specs, make sure that all construction activities are being carried out in accordance to present safety rules. Monitor work progress, ensuring health and safety. Check and track work. Monitor production & allowance targets. Manage, & inspect.

6.January 2014 - December 2014 SANRAL / Hatch Goba &SNA (Civil Technician trainee)
Perform road maintenance, rehabilitation, reconstruction, and earthworks. Perform site visits, inspection, and completing timesheets. Check contractor daily diaries. Assist in health & safety monitoring. Construction, Supervisions and planning, arrange and facilitate all site and meetings, coordinate on-site activities, arrange the trainings for the community, Foreman, Community services,

Personal summary
Phumlani is a civil engineering technologist with a focus on construction monitoring, contract administration for road infrastructure during the rehabilitation, new construction and re-seal of projects, road layers construction and the widening of existing roads. He has gained valuable experience working as an assistant engineer's representative on the rehabilitation and upgrading of road. His duties included compiling the contract and tender reports, supervision, construction administration, compiling payment certificates, compiling a progress report for the client. He is able to integrate what he has been tasked to do at his workplace, thus giving him a broader understanding of the civil engineering fraternity and its operations. Interacting and negotiating with a large number of people outside his peer group and getting to use their experience in the field not only broaden my own.
PERSONALITY TRAITS
Determined, observant, credible, dynamic, sociable, assertive, extrovert, personable and patient.
DEVELOPED SKILLS
Communication skills, Management skills, Mentoring skills, Technical skills, Report writing, Microsoft packages, Data analysis, Calculations, AutoCAD, Drawings, Administration skills, Traffic Engineering Knowledge, Site Inspection.

REFERENCES
NAME
RELATIONSHIP & OCCUPATION
CONTACT DETAILS
1
Bongani Nyawo
Managing director at Bonsai Engineering and construction
072-***-**** adrxf7@r.postjobfree.com
2
Mkhululi Sidondi
Former lab manager civil at SNA Civil & structural
078-***-****
adrxf7@r.postjobfree.com
3
Khanya Mdutshane
Supervisor at SANRAL (Sapot)
071*******/adrxf7@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate