MIKE SALEM

Chicago, Illinois
Phone: 773-***-**** Email: ads19d@r.postjobfree.com

OIL and GAS MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL
SALES DIRECTOR BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER GENERAL& OPERATIONS MANAGER REFINERY CONSULTANT

Highly accomplished Management Professional with a strong and proven track record of more than 35 years of success in the oil, gas, chemicals and petrochemical industry. Adept at identifying and executing continuous improvements and modifications for the successful completion of projects. An astute leader with invaluable knowledge of technical and commercial experience in design, training, operations, project management and business development. Innate ability to effectively communicate internally and externally with stakeholders on every level. A valuable team member and strong ability to work independently. Successfully executed design projects and many major refinery project developments worldwide and in the Middle East region. Seeking a challenging position with an innovative and forward-thinking organization where I can lend my expertise to provide solutions and add measurable value.
Areas of Expertise

Strategic Planning
Management Change
Operation Management
Sales & Marketing
Innovative Leader
Critical Thinker
Competitive Intelligence
Project Management
Technical & Commercial Manager
Commercialization
Process & Project Design
Procurement & Installation
Startup & Commissioning
Product Development
Business Development
Optimization & KPI’s
Performance Excellence
Coaching and Training
Problem-Solving
PSM

Professional Experience

OPC ENGINEERING CONSULTING, CHICAGO, IL July 2012- PRESENT
President & CEO
Deliver engineering and consulting services to the oil and gas industry in the Middle East region.
Acted as a technical partner for JPRC in Jordan.
Cultivate strategic alliances and build strategic customer base in the Middle East region of Qatar, UAE, KSA, Oman, Iraq, Jordan, Egypt, Algeria, Tunisia, and Pakistan.
Delivered strategic planning studies, feasibility studies, risk assessment and process safety studies.
OPC ENGINEERING CONSULTING, DOHA, QATAR
Consultant (May 2014-March 2020)
Serving as technical and operation management consultant for a Petrochemical facility in Qatar.
Create, develop and implement change process and management, optimization, performance excellence and continue improvement to support the corporate strategic plan.
Enforce and maintain excellent QHSE & policies regulations.
Lead business development and project implementation.

UOP MIDDLE EAST, Dubai, UAE 2009 – 2012
Sales Manager
Provided leadership and managed business development opportunities in the oil, gas & petrochemical industry.
Provide expert customer satisfaction, managed and maintained excellent relationships with strategic customers in the Middle East region.
Spearheaded the sales cycle of project prospecting, bidding, customer engagement and closure.
Positioned UOP to win bids and qualify the project strategy.
Created and developed full scope proposals and margin and competitor analysis.
Negotiated and closed all contractual agreements for process technology, products and equipment’s.
Administered timely and accurate forecasting that exceeded targets.

UOP LIMITED, Guildford, UK 2006 – 2009
Regional Sales Manager
Managed and maintained customer relationships to achieve satisfaction and long-term business partners.
Led the sales cycle of project prospecting, bidding, customer engagement and closure.
Positioned UOP to win bids and qualify the project strategy.
Create and develop full scope commercial proposals.
Negotiated and closed all contractual agreements.
Identified and led business development opportunities.
Administered timely and accurate forecasting that exceeded targets.

UOP LLC, Des Plaines, IL 1995 - 2005
Project Manager (2000-2005)
Administered technical assistance for proposals, agreements and contracts.
Established milestones and profitability targets for large multi-unit complexes.
Coordinated collaborations to insure successful delivery of UOP’s basic engineering design activities.
Facilitate and monitor all project implementation activities.
Lead & managed project design teams and all communications with customers and contractors.
Process Specialist (1997-2005)
Key member of the commercialization team of Linear-1 (Linear Alpha Olefins) process technology during the development stage.
Established Linear-1 technology into a commercially viable process.
Coordinated engineering for Linear-1 process, established engineering design criteria and developed tools to facilitate the production of design specifications for the Linear-1 process.
Provided support to marketing and sales activities.
Prepared and provided technical proposals and presentations.
Negotiated agreements and contracts.
Team Leader (1995-2000)
Optimized multi-unit flow schemes using yield-estimating tools to optimize plant design parameters.
Implemented process flow scheme optimization and preparation of Basic Engineering Design Specifications.
Developed process simulations and flow sheeting using ASPEN and HYSIS software.

Ferro Corporation, Hammond, Indiana 46320 1993 - 1995
Project Manager
Managed and executed capital projects from concept through installation, to manufacture fuel additives and specialty chemicals.
Process optimization and development involved process simulation for chlorination, nitration, bromination and sulfonation of paraffin’s and olefins.
Developed basic engineering design of Schedule-A & Process design Package.
Managed procurement activities, installation and start-up commissioning.

ARI Technologies Inc. Palatine, Illinois 60067 1991 - 1993
Project Manager
Managed and developed basic engineering design package for LoCat Desulfurization process in the petrochemical and gas industry.
Executed projects through detailed Engineering and Procurement of major equipment’s.
Provided technical assistance for plant start-up & commissioning.

Specialty Chem Products, Marinette, Wisconsin 54143 1987 - 1991
Process/Project Engineer
Developed and optimized process simulation for chlorination, nitration and hydrogenation of phenol base reactions.
Evaluated and scale-up new processes with batch and continuous reactions to manufacture specialty chemicals.
Developed project engineering from concept through installation and start-up.
Managed procurement and installation activities.
Assisted in plant start-up and optimized product quality.

SCA/Chemical Waste Management, Chicago, Illinois 60617 1984 - 1986
Operations Coordinator (1985 - 1986)
Responsible for unit operation, managed operating staff and scheduling.
Coordinated production activities, raw material blending, shut down and maintenance activities.
Operations management to meet compliance with EPA Regulations.
Shift Supervisor (1984 - 1985)
Supervision and troubleshooting during assigned shift.
Coordinated production activities to meet schedule requirements.
Assisted in troubleshooting of all equipment’s to minimize and prevent shutdowns and maximize production.

Education & Training

Graduate studies, Illinois Institute of Technology, Chicago, IL
Bachelor of Science, Chemical Engineering, University of Alabama, Tuscaloosa, AL

Additional Activities

American Institute of Chemical Engineering, Member
Six Sigma, Project management, Fluency in Arabic Language, US Citizen.
Contact this candidate