Catherine Coccomo
Santa Ana, CA *****
657-***-****
ads6zq@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
●More than 15+ years of experience working for C-Level Executives and Department Heads, providing administrative, travel, phone, calendaring and e-mail support.
●Able to provide training and assistance with software for individuals and large groups. Have improved work flow at multiple firms by building, maintaining and utilizing databases.
●Provide legal research and internal audit based on contractual agreement.
●Responsible for execution and tracking of customer and vendor agreements for legal, sales, operations, and engineering departments.
●Created and maintained multiple Access databases including: internal and external training, supplier management, calibration and engineering change requests.
●Created Quick learning guides for SAP and Material Manager. Produced extensive spread sheets and databases

EDUCATION:
●Brandman University - Bachelor of Science in Psychology - Currently attending - Senior Year
SKILLS:

●Database Creation and Management
●Contract Negotiation and Execution
●Insurance Compliance
●Internal Audit
●Legal Research
●Software Training and Troubleshooting
●Technical and Business Writing
●Meeting Minutes and Preparation
●International and Domestic Travel Arrangements
●Typing of 65 WPM
●Special Event Coordination
●Expense Reporting
●Budget Maintenance and Reconciliation
●Presentation Design and Delivery
●Quality Administration and Audit
●ISO Documentation
Accounting

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
●Advanced knowledge of: Microsoft Office products including: Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Publisher, Outlook and Project. Experienced with the following: QuickBooks, Sage (Timberline), Visio, SAP, Word Perfect, Lotus Suite, Lotus Notes, Front Page, HTML, CSS, PhotoShop and can quickly learn any proprietary or commercial software that is used by your firm. Multiple versions of Construction Management Software for billing and documentation purposes. Some of the packages include: Procore, Prolog, Newforma, and Smartsheet.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Del’s Flooring Contractors, Inc, Palm Desert, CA March 01, 2017 to November 22, 2017
Office Manager/Project Administrator
●Maintained calendar, e-mail and travel for the President.
●Onboarding of new employees.
●Prepared progress schedules, analysed project requirements and managed staffing/ manpower plans to ensure efficient and effective use of company staffing and equipment resources.
●Attended jobsite meetings when Project Managers were unable to attend.
●Monthly AP/AR for all Projects utilizing the proper software tool required contractually. Billing could require the use of up to ten different software packages.
●Prepared all submittal documentation and created project files in Sage and in Asana. Researched and ordered all samples required by contractual documentation. Created necessary construction documentation: Bid packages, Notice to Proceed, lien releases, RFI’s, Change Orders, etc. contingent upon the requirements. Provided documentation for public works and privately funded projects along with Certified Payroll and the required reporting.
●Contract negotiations and management
●Project Close Out – prepared close-out documents and manuals, submitted all attic stock and relevant documentation, ensured that all aspects of the project were completed in a professional and timely manner, and provided warrantee for work completed.
Centec Engineering, - Newport Beach, CA January 5, 2015 to November 1, 2021
Engineering Assistant
●Provided administrative support by telecommuting when needed. When working in the office oversaw all administrative activities in support of the owner and three other engineers. Transcribed reports for Phase I and Phase II Environmental assessments. Researched all properties for incoming jobs via mapping, assessor’s information, AQMD and environmental databases.
●Created completely electronic reports eliminating the need for cutting, copying and pasting of maps and other documents. Automated many of the manually interfaced documents. Scheduled meetings, organized calendars, made travel arrangements, answered phones and prepared expenses. Produced and billed all reports.
●Provided all accounting support in the office via Quickbooks. Created procedure manuals, edited and created technical drawings and other diagrams. Updated all filing systems so that files are accessible electronically. Provided any other administrative support as needed to ensure that the office ran smoothly and efficiently.

Atlas Copco JC Carter Pumps – Costa Mesa, CA February 21, 2010 to September 2014
Senior Quality Administrator
●Provided administrative support to the Director of Quality for a manufacturer of liquid natural gas pumps. Administered documents and data related to sustaining the Management System and provision of product conformance for objective evidence. Managed and executed preparation of Project Quality Document and Data Dossiers for client submittal.
●Managed Company organization supply inventory and controlled supply budget. Managed and coordinated inspection, measuring, and test equipment (IMT&E) recall for external calibration. Performed secretarial and administrative duties to assist the organization as needed.
●Created and maintained multiple Access databases including: internal and external training, supplier management, calibration and engineering change requests. Coordinated travel / hotel reservations / transportation / entertainment for Quality organization personnel and external visitors, as required. Obtained appropriate documentation for domestic and international travel. Coordinated all third-party inspection.

Velocitel - Irvine, CA February 22, 2004 to December 10, 2009
Contracts Administrator
●Contractual support for a leading provider of outsourced construction services to wireless telecommunication companies. Provide legal research and internal audit based on contractual agreement. Assist VP of Legal with case and document preparation. Ensure that all billing and documentation is within project scope.
●Responsible for execution and tracking of customer and vendor agreements for legal, sales, operations, and engineering departments.
●Administrator of general third-party agreements in accordance with internal company requirements. Create and maintain database containing subcontractor information. Compliance monitor for general contract requirements, particularly relating to insurance.
●Responsible for processing incoming mail and notices relating to contracts. Custodian of company contracts and related documents, with related contracts filing and indexing responsibilities. Research and issue resolution relating to contract deliverables and payment. Responsible for communicating with company management, as required, for on-going contracts status and issues requiring escalation. Contact person for third party contracts. Responsible for providing general support in Irvine office as needed.

Fluor Daniel - Aliso Viejo, CA December 1997 to June 2003
Senior Administrative Assistant/IT Operations Specialist
●Provided administrative and computer support for the Director of Procurement and the Director of Contracts of a global engineering and construction firm. Wrote and distributed documentation for Material Manager in the Aliso Viejo Office.
●Created Quick learning guides for SAP and Material Manager. Produced extensive spreadsheets and databases, maintained calendars and e-mail for executive level individuals, scheduled meetings, and prepared correspondence. Created presentations for internal, client and vendor meetings, gave client and internal presentations, provided technical support for a proprietary Material Management System, made national and international travel arrangements, prepared expense reports, monitored departmental needs and staffing allocations.
●Maintained confidential department personnel files. Produced financial reports based on project as well as overhead expenditures. Managed and maintained the departmental computers ensuring that the monthly billing was appropriately reconciled.
Accomplishments:
●Created and distributed all documentation regarding Material Management Software and its use.
●SAP Power User and trainer.
●Implemented a Contract Management database for tracking all vendors and contractual documents.
●Implemented a Proprietary Material Management System for the project managers, engineers, and procurement department of Fluor Daniel and Duke/Fluor Daniel in Aliso Viejo.
●Presented the software to various potential clients and executives during the bidding and execution processes.
●Provided successful proprietary software training and support in the US and Venezuela for a $2 billion refinery project.
●Upgraded and modified multiple departmental databases to enhance user efficiency and convenience.
●Refined departmental budgetary and manhour information into graphic representations for use in quarterly meetings by upper management.
Contact this candidate