Todd A. Travis
**** ******* ***.
Humble, Texas *7346
281-***-**** Home
ads6o3@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
I am a hands-on business executive with knowledge base in Pressure Control. I excel in developing and executing strategic initiatives aimed at growth thru core values, team development, supply chain & manufacturing improvements, engineering solutions, strategic planning, and communications. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Texas Monoline Systems - Owner 2015 - present
Design and sales of frac monoline products for Pressure Pumping and Wellhead industries. General oilfield consulting of on-site operations for wellhead and pressure pumping. API 6A, 16A, 16C design and quality levels.
Design of new products with patent applications
Patent of specialty products
Writing of running, inspection, and recertification procedures
Writing of repair procedures and disposition of products
Writing of sourcing, purchasing, sales, engineering procedures
Business startup including business and engineering systems
Sales and technical presentations
Hiring and directing staff and vendors
Streamflo 2014 - 2015
Engineering Manager US Operations
Responsible for engineering of products for the USA market. Train and developed a new engineering staff for the future of the company. Direct reports 11. Reporting to the V.P. Engineering.
Restructuring engineering standards and rationalization of products.
Developed new torque tools for running casing to bottom.
Focused team efforts and defined our core values and strengths Weatherford 2004 - 2014
Global Business Unit Manager – Wellhead Systems
Responsible for the global wellhead business unit. Developed new strategic plan and a new team for turn-a- round of struggling business. Results yielded a revenue growth from $25M to $275M in eight years with EBIT increase from 8% to 23%. Direct reports 10. Total wellhead personnel 700. Total indirect personnel 2700 world-wide. Sales and operations in 27 countries on 5 continents. Reporting to the Group VP ALS.
Restructured business with new strategy and management team.
Developed new supply chains in China and India for low cost manufacturing
Focused team efforts and defined our core values and strengths
Lead engineering efforts developing new product groups
10 patents granted by USPTO for new products
Added rental, service and aftermarket services to change revenue split
Developed Standard Operation Procedures and position profiles for all positions including duties responsibilities and goals
Developed training program for new recruits
Todd A. Travis
Page 2
Stewart & Stevenson Services, Inc. 2000 – 2003
VP Engineering, Manufacturing & Operations, Power Generation Division Responsible for development and implementation of a new strategic direction focused at regaining a competitive advantage. Managed all production, engineering, procurement and quality areas of $70 million operation with employment of 200. Reported to General Manager.
Directed engineering development of new product lines, mobile diesel and natural gas generators and landfill base power system.
Planned and implemented production operations focused on cost reductions through engineering, network procurement and lean manufacturing process improvements.
DOD production of backup generators for the USS Ronald Regan (CVN77) Nimitz class aircraft carrier.
Directed ERP software implementation (JD Edwards). Cooper Cameron Corporation 1989 -2000
Plant Manager, over Liberty, Texas, & Taub Road, Houston, Texas, 1998 - 2000 Responsible for P&L of 250,000 sq. ft.facilities with a strategic growth initiative. Developed, directed and implemented two new business directions focused at re-entering and gaining market share. Managed all functional areas of $120 million operation with employment of 310. Reported to Director of Operations. Developed and implemented consolidation plan to align organization to current industry business levels while maintaining EBITDA of 28%.
Restructured plant through $4 million expansion to accommodate new product lines from a plant closure.
Consolidated service center and distribution center warehousing operations into Liberty plant for cost savings and period cost reductions.
Managed $12 million used equipment buy back and refurbishment business for the Western Hemisphere.
Engineering Manager, Liberty, Texas 1995 - 1998
Responsible for Engineering design and technical support for the Liberty plant, 11 field locations within the US and one location in Mexico. Also responsible for quality, industrial engineering, aftermarket process development, training and project management within the plant.
Developed engineering standards for repair of blowout preventers, drilling risers, wellhead and gate valve assemblies into documents for distribution around the world.
Implemented facility wide training program in time of extreme growth to advance the learning curve of new employees and promote a cooperative environment.
Project managed subsea drilling stack refurbishments and retrofits for various drilling contractors.
Developed Christmas tree refurbishment program for Arco Alaska using lastest cladding technology for low temperature applications. Approx. 1000 valves refurbished.
Implemented Workflow Document Control System for drawing security, revision control, and document management.
Co-managed $2 million facility expansion.
Directed ERP software implementation (SAP).
Product Engineer, Patterson, Louisiana 1989 – 1994 Responsible for processing engineering sales requests, product non-conformance reports, design files, and engineering support offshore.
Developed more than 100 design files for various products for API 6A-monogram program.
Implemented engineering training program for new engineers with a hands-on approach.
Consolidation of Compact Wellhead design for Marathon KRA/KG project in Southeast Asia.
Development of welding specifications and processes.
Todd A. Travis
Page 3
Teledyne Movible Offshore 1985 -1989
Worked all summers and winter breaks offshore on jack-up drilling rigs as a Rough-neck, Derrick man, or Roustabout relieving workers going on leave for summer or winter vacation. EDUCATION
BSME, University of Southwestern Louisiana, Lafayette, Louisiana 1989 References Available Upon Request
Contact this candidate