Lisa Hamel
Jamul, California • adsbh9@r.postjobfree.com • 619-***-**** • linkedin.com/in/lisa-hamel-b34a6210
Director of Quality
Proactive and result-oriented professional with over 20 years of experience in quality management system deployment and continuous improvement.
— Key Qualifications —
Proven ability to Implement the latest quality processes and bring direct and measurable profit improvement.
Expertise in planning and implementing a commercial approach to solve problems and ensure achievement of all project deliverables while focusing on cost-saving opportunities.
Skilled in delivering guidance on quality compliance improvement and delivery and services to assure strict adherence to regulatory standards.
Excellent experience leading quality teams to execute industry best practices, evaluate changes in the external environment, and monitor market trends.

Professional Experience
Bemer US LLC-Carlsbad, California
Quality & Continuous Improvement Manager (acting Director of Operations), 7/2020- present
Established a quality management system to achieve compliance with FDA title 21 CFR regulations. Am responsible for warehouse personnel, product support, customer service and Customs and Border Protection and FDA importation compliance.
Selected Contributions:
Established a Quality Management System compliant with FDA and passed mock audit by Emergo in February 2021
Established 3rd party warehouse contract to store and maintain excess inventory during rollout of new product portfolio
Established standard operating procedures, key performance indicators, COPQ data and many other metrics/KPIs to gauge health of the organization

Performance Plastics Inc. – San Diego, California
Director of Quality, 9/2019 to 5/2020
Established and managed a total quality system that included management review, document control, training, customer feedback and complaints, internal audits, process improvement, and corrective/preventative actions. Monitored, analyzed, and redesigned workflow, processes, and procedures to resolve budget expenditures using root cause analysis and lean techniques. Developed a set of quality metrics to track operational performance and identify/prioritize areas for improvements.
Selected Contributions:
Implemented quality Systems, maintaining AS9100, ISO 9001, and NADCAP accreditations. Led the implementation of in-house NDT operation that qualified to BAC5968 enabling an annual cost savings of $400K.
Led a team of 12 quality engineers and inspectors through improvement efforts with operations and engineering to reduce quality issues by over 50%.
Improved Boeing quality scorecard from yellow to silver status in nine months.

Q Microwave – El Cajon, California
Operations Manager, 12/2017 to 4/2018
Managed all assembly, manufacturing planning, and maintenance operations for a commercial, manual filter production line. Developed, implemented, and evaluated systems and procedures to support manufacturing process development. Collaborated with process and equipment engineering to optimize cycle time, equipment availability/utilization, and WIP turns throughout the facility. Coordinated procurement of raw materials and equipment, contracted services, audits and training.
Selected Contributions:
Implemented strategies to achieve 25% reduction in non-conforming products.

Cobham Advanced Electronic Solutions - San Diego, CA
Sr. Product Engineering Manager, 5/2013 to 12/2017
Supervised 14 Process and Manufacturing Engineers in the hybrid microelectronics manufacturing industry. Implemented and managed cost reduction strategies from RFID tagging of hardware through outsourcing of plating and paint operations. Led process transfers from San Diego to Mexico facility.
Selected Contributions:
Provided solutions to resolve manufacturing issues and develop new processes for affordability which resulted in over $400K per month.

Environmental, Safety, Health & Engineering Manager, 5/2013 to 6/2016
Facilitated a safety culture transformation proactively influence key stakeholders of the organization. Developed and implemented safety awareness communications between workers and management resulting in increased hazard awareness. Performed timely audits to ensure company compliance with State and Federal regulations.
Selected Contributions:
Reduced energy consumption by 6%, water consumption by 27%, and solid waste to landfill by 13% over previous year by working with facilities.
Used six sigma methodologies to slash injuries by 25% in 2015 and 65% improvement in 2016.

Senior Manager of Continuous Improvement, 5/2009 to 5/2013
Planned, deployed, and led all lean activities to produce significant cost savings though productivity, quality, waste reduction, and improving business processes. Managed improvement review process, implementation and transition control plans.
Selected Contributions:
Coordinated all tenant improvement activities to create an additional 15% square footage in facility.
Won highest corporate award for Continuous Improvement-Platinum in Sir Alan Cobham award.
Led a transformation team of Six Sigma Black Belts to improve OTD from 60% to 95+%, FPY from 15% to 85% and is still sustained in 2016.
Prior Experience:
General Manager & Quality Manager (2007 to 2009), Quantum Leap Packaging Inc., Poway, California
Engineering Manager (1998-2007), Kyocera America Inc., San Diego, California

Educational Background
Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineering Technology
University of Lowell, Lowell, MA
Bachelor of Science, Engineering
Kennedy Western University, Cheyenne, WY
Lean Six Sigma Black Belt
San Diego State University
Associates Engineering US Military Academy West Point
Inactive Secret Security Clearance
Contact this candidate