John B. Sutter
Newburyport, MA *****
978-***-**** Email: adscme@r.postjobfree.com
Advisory Partner – Sales Enablement Researcher Product Management An accomplished and results-driven professional with extensive experience in client consultancy related to product development and management. Able to help clients seize new opportunities and respond to changing markets. Possess an ability to harness talents of teams, manage projects at micro- and macro-levels, adjust to the challenges presented, and deliver on promises.
Skills: Team Leadership & Coaching - Strategic Planning & Analysis - Product Management - BI & Analytics - Market Research - Data Warehousing - Project Management - Data Visualization - Design Thinking – Video & Multi-media Expertise PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
MIDIOR Consulting – Cambridge MA (May 2008 to Present) Advisory Partner
MIDIOR Consulting is a boutique consultancy specializing in helping clients improve their products and platforms. Lead project lifecycle related to product management with a focus on completing all tasks on time and within budget. Provide strategic and operational direction to marketing programs for attainment of top line results. Conduct B2B social media analysis as well as primary/secondary research on client engagements for strategy formulation.
® Focus on Insights & Analysis + Data Visualization for client projects
® Lead Project Advisor for new products.
® Conduct and lead original research projects VOC for clients.
® Lead effort to convert legacy health claims system to V3 platform.
® UX Development designer/development of MIDIOR Mobile App for monitoring benefits for Multi-employer client.
® Increased online user adoption through strategic planning and management.
® Created and implemented outbound marketing campaigns & content for brand awareness.
® Developed Internship Program and Associate Program for MIDIOR
® Provides product goals, metrics, and actionable insights for client projects Kadient (Upland), Nashua, NH (Feb 2007 to May 2008) Manager of Sales Effectiveness
Kadient was a Saas provider of solutions for Sales Effectiveness and RPF solutions Led sales effectiveness initiatives and projects to improve performance of Kadient /Qvidian (Upland) Sales Team. Designed effective selling content using (Saas) Kadient’s incite Knowledge suite of applications. Headed all functions related to marketing and provided expert advisory services.
® Developed a corporate digital dashboard and portal for quick accessibility and decision-making process.
® Produced online web commercials as well as product tours in multimedia.
® Rolled out and managed Eloqua for marketing automation.
® Completed over 70 RFPs for sales of SaaS Software Certification
® Established sales effectiveness principles to encourage and promote the sales team John B. Sutter
Address: Newburyport, MA 01950
Phone: 978-***-**** Email: adscme@r.postjobfree.com
ClearForest Corporation, Waltham, MA (Aug 2005 - Feb 2007) Director of Financial Solutions
ClearForest was a software development company in the Text Analytics Space Delivered content solutions for capital market and hedge fund prospects. Analyzed operational requirements and accordingly prototyped new product applications based on text extraction and analytics.
® Guided sales efforts as a Pre-sales Engineer (demos, benchmarks, proof of concepts)
® Studied the market for Text Analytics applicability
® Scanned unstructured data sets for customer insights
® Developed working prototype for Financial Services application Sutter & Associates, Newburyport, MA (May 2002 - Aug 2005) Managing Director
Identified client needs (Fortune 100 companies) and delivered both business intelligence and data analytic solutions with an aim to generate positive word of mouth for business growth. Advised executive and IT management on project planning.
® Designed and developed ‘clean wine analysis’ system for Gallo Winery based on Six Sigma.
® Worked with growers, plant leadership, and executives to share results and tune processes.
® Developed presentations & reports for executive meetings / proof of concepts. Watchfire Corporation - Website Management, Lexington, MA (May 2001 – May 2002) Sales Engineering Manager and Senior Marketing Manager Provided leadership on business development opportunities and served as a product evangelist at Watchfire Corporation. Worked with PwC and sales teams to launch and sell Online Risk Management solutions that focus on Online Privacy compliance (GLBA, COPPA, HIPPA, and P3P). I assisted sales teams to close strategic (fortune 100) accounts. Developed vertical focused messaging on Website Analysis Solutions for vertical markets such as financial services, technology sector companies, Six Sigma Quality for website management, and government portal initiatives. Responsibilities included developing website quality analysis and web and messaging, partner education, demo development, field training, and business development activities.
Vignette Corporation – Waltham, MA (Mar 1998 – May 2001) Practice Manager – Advanced Business Analytics
Designed, developed, and managed the Business Engineer consulting practice (web interactive marketing and CRM solutions). Responsibilities included managing quarterly revenue goals, marketing services, developing methodologies and best practices, managing consulting staff, resolving customer issues, organizational development, and interfaced with Product Marketing to design and develop software products.
® Achieved quarterly revenue goals.
® Developed and conducted CEO Roundtable in NYC (Profitability of Financial Websites).
® Provided strategic consulting for Financial Services Companies.
® Provided technical and business expertise for industry panels, analysts, and key customers. John B. Sutter
Address: Newburyport, MA 01950
Phone: 978-***-**** Email: adscme@r.postjobfree.com
Director of Professional Services – DataSage Division (acquired by Vignette for $550 Million in 2000)
® Designed and developed the business practices for the consulting business.
® Managed 20 consultants and project managers.
® Secured consulting deals and developed follow-on business with key accounts.
® Conducted all kickoff meetings for major accounts. Sun Microsystems, Inc. – Burlington, MA (Nov 1997 – Mar 1998) District Systems Engineering Manager – Northeast Manufacturing Sector
® Developed and managed the systems engineering team for national accounts.
® Worked with clients to define architectural roadmaps and business solutions.
® Provided critical care to Global Accounts
Red Brick Systems (The Data Warehouse Company) Los Gatos, CA (Feb 1995 – Nov 1997) Regional Sales Engineering Manager – Western United States
® Built sales engineering team for Western region
® Achieved and surpassed revenue goals
® 1996 Red Brick MVP Award as well as 1996 Presidents Club. Additional Experience
Lochridge and Company – CRM Practice 1994 – 1995
Management Consultant – CRM Solutions
Business Objects, Inc. 1994 – 1994
Senior Sales Consultant – Leading Sales Territory
Information Builders, Inc. 1990 – 1994
Senior Sales Consultant
The Boston Company Asset Management, LLC – Mellon Financial 1989 – 1990 Systems Programmer – Managed Wire Transfer Systems Cullinet Software (acquired by Computer Associates 1989) 1987 – 1989 Systems Manager – Unix and VMS administration for Sales and Marketing EDUCATION
College of Wooster, B. A. in Communications
Boston College, Graduate School of Management
University of California, Business Systems and UNIX Programs Boston University, Cinematography & Film
MIT/Sloan – Executive Courses: Mastering Design Thinking & Applied Business Analytics Product Management Institute - The Complete Agile Project Manager Numerous Management, Technical, and Selling Strategy Courses
Contact this candidate