SUMMARY
Overall ** years of experience of Project Management& Project Controls. Planning, Scheduling, Executing, Monitoring and Controlling of Projects along with Risk management & Cost Control using programs namely Oracle Unifier, EcoSys, Primavera P6 R15 & Microsoft Projects.

Instrumental in coordination and supervision services as well as assistance for the assigned project inclusive of budget formulation, cost control and quality assurance.
Management of support services for supervising and directing engineering, procurement and management of construction contractors appointed by the Client.
Manage and coordinate multidiscipline engineering activities to ensure projects such as FEED (front end engineering design) studies and preparation, ITB (invitation to bid) check estimate preparation, LSTK (lump sum turnkey) tender package preparation are executed in a safe, efficient, cost effective and timely manner.
Ensure the project conforms to the client’s approved Basis of Design and all applicable regulatory and code requirements.

Certified PMP Project Management Professional and executed Programs for in Electrical Transmission & Distribution, Oil, Gas and Chemicals.
EXPERIENCE
Apr 2019 -
Present

Aug 2016 -
Apr 2019

Principal Planning Engineer- Jacobs / Worley Parsons

Role:Providing Project Controls Services for US Projects. Responsibilities include:

Portfolio & Program Management&Overall Project Control for Overseas and domestic
Projects.

Deputy Manager Project Controls - Burns& McDonnell

Achievements:Providing Project Controls Services for US Projects. Responsibilities include:

Portfolio & Program Management, Overall Project Control, Planning& Schedule control using Oracle Primavera P6, Cost control& Change Management using Oracle Unifier, budget planning, resource planning, risk control, performance measurement and reporting, change management and project management to fulfill the requirements of the entire Scope of Project.

Projects Assigned:
Access Northeast Project: 125 Miles Gas Pipeline in North America.
Valley Crossing Pipeline Project
DTE – Detroit Transmission line Project.
Vectren – Transmission & Distribution Project.
Mont Belvieu-4 NGL Fractionation Project Texas USA

Nov 2011 -
July 2015

Project Control Engineer – Toyo Engineering Korea

Achievements:Developed the schedule for Toyo-K scope of work (EPC contract) with resource and cost loading. Developed the project measurement, reporting, coordination procedures documentation procedures, Project Execution Plan documents based on the scope of work for the project. Responsibilities include:

Overall Project Control, Planning & Scheduling along with overall Project Control activities.Schedule control, cost control, budget planning, resource planning, risk control, performance measurement and reporting, project management baseline document management, change management and project management to fulfill the requirements of the entire Scope of Project.

Projects Assigned:
Al-Bayroni Energy Optimization Project for SABIC Saudi Arabia, approximate value USD 165,000,000/-
JACOS-Hangingstone Expansion Project (Oil Sands) for JACOS-Alberta, Canada approx. value about CAD 750,000,000/-.

April 2008 -
Aug 2011

Sr. Project Engineer / Controller – IBI Chematur (I) Ltd.

Achievements:Simultaneously worked on three projects for the project coordination, vendor coordination, Planning & Scheduling, Preparing progress reports. Responsibilities include:

Overall Project Management, Planning & Scheduling, Project Execution, Monitoring and controlling, Project Coordination, along with HAZOP and 3D Model Review coordination.

Projects Assigned:
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd (GNFC) - Engineering Procurement and Construction of 50,000 MTPA toluene di-isocyanate (TDI) Project, approx. value USD 300,000,000/-
185 KTPA Alco-Ethylene Plant (Production of Ethylene from Ethanol) for TCI Sanmar Egypt along with Off-sites & Utilities.
780 TPD, Nitric Acid Plant for DFPCL

Mar 2008 -
April 2008

Process Engineer – Eka, Chemicals SWEDEN.

Achievements:Plant Commissioning of 6TPD ClO2 Plant, at Abhishek Industries, Punjab which included Pre-Commissioning Checking & Rectification, Pre-Commissioning activities like water trials, SAT, DCS checks and final Chemical trials and Plant Commissioning.
Oct 2005 -
Mar 2008

Process/Project Engineer – Arjun Technologies (I) Ltd.

Achievements:Process and Project management of a 10 TPD & 6 TPD Chlorine Di- Oxide Plant for a paper mill along with EKA Chemicals of Sweden. Include Process & Project management, Project Coordination, Planning & Scheduling, Execution, Procurement Assistance, Project Reporting, Plant Erection and Commissioning assistance, FAT, SAT, Hazop studies.

Aug 2003 -
Sept 2005

Project Engineer, Aquatech Systems.

Achievements:Worked on the fabrication, erection and commissioning of 6 Water Treatment plants for various clients Including support for process design, fabrication, erection &commissioning of plants.

PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION: PMP Certified and pursuing for PMI-RMP.
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
Post GraduateDiploma in Industrial Water and Waste Water Treatment
Bachelors of Engineering in Chemical Engineering from Pune University
Diploma in Chemical Engineering from Government Polytechnic Jalna
Diploma in Information and Systems Management from Aptech

SOFTWARES USED
Oracle Unifier, Primavera P6 R15, MSP for Planning. EcoSys, SAP, MS office, Auto-CAD, SP-PID, ASPEN, Prosimfor Process Design, SP-3D, Navis-works.

PERSONAL DETAILS
Nationality : Indian
Date of Birth : 11-January -1980
Language : English, Hindi, Marathi
Marital Status : Married
US Visa (B1/B2) : Valid up to 2027
Contact this candidate