Darryl Horne
Upper Highway, KZN. **** 060-***-**** adslm1@r.postjobfree.com

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Manager/Sites
Kingfish Civil Engineering
June 2015 to March 2021
Managing 4 teams on Cellphone tower builds, greenfield sites, decommissioning, temporary tower builds, Over 40 towers countrywide, Managed site for Spring Grove dam fibre optic installation, plinths under piping, Road closure cement pour over pipe installation, scour chambers drainage, road repair at hibberdene, Managed site for 3 x 30m culverts at Qudeni, Factory refurbishment for Flint Group, Eagle Inks, steel bridge over river in Estcourt, Vodacom exchange refurbishment at Silverton Pretoria, 600KL reservoir and chambers in Butterworth, Project Managed fit outs of MTN shops countrywide, Gateway Hospital fit out of Lake Smidt, Ballito Junction 3 shops partitioning and drylining.
Daily tasks, assigning work schedules to team members, health and safety on site, contracts, liaising with clients and customers, budgets and costing allocations, material checking, all sites came in on or under budget and on time, Trouble shooting.

Manager

August 2006 - February 2015
Subcontracted to various companies putting up steel structures countrywide, team of 6 guys, staying on site and erecting structures. Cashbuild’s, chicken houses, SARS scanner buildings in Cape Town and Durban harbor, Various sheds, Drywalling and partitions shop fit outs, tiling plumbing, roofing

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
I am capable and mature in my work ethic. Although I take a structured approach to tasks at hand, I am also flexible in my ability to handle multiple tasks daily. Integrity, honesty, and respect are at the core of everything I do. I am big on time-management, and nothing is too big or small for me to help or assist with. A team-player who takes a hands-on approach in all that I do. Attention to detail is crucial for each project. Not a clock watcher and will go the extra mile to achieve the task at hand.

SKILLS & PROFICIENCIES
Varsity College Project Management (2016)
Action Academy Safety officers’ course (2012)
Advanced Excel, Word.
Hira training, British safety council safety course (2012), First Aid, Firefighting, Basic Rigging, working at heights,

COMPUTER SKILLS
MS Word Excel MS project, Candy CCS, Tekla, REVIT, Basic Microsoft Office outlook, calendar.

RETRENCHED LAST YEAR AND READY TO FIND A NEW CHALLENGE, PHYSICALLY FIT AND VERY HANDS ON
Contact this candidate