MOHAMED
FATEEN
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Proactive Procurement Manager helping businesses meet
fulfillment obligations through reliable vendor partnerships and streamlined ordering processes. Performs detailed research in supplier selection, sourcing and value assessment to form best overall strategy for long-term gain. Manages purchasing budget to determine feasibility of contracts and exceed savings goals. Experienced Procurement Manager with over 20 years of experience. Excellent reputation for resolving problems and improving customer satisfaction.
WORK HISTORY
Regional Procurement Manager, 02/2014 - 06/2022
Motorola Solutions UK LTD, Cairo Governorate, Egypt Projects:
Libya NTN Project, full Turnkey project (Civil works, Equipment supply, Telecom Installation, Commissioning, Maintenance and Support Services), for Etisalat Ennawiyah for Communications
(ENC)
Saudi Sadara Project
SEC Project (Saudi Electric Company)
Saudi Maaden Project
Oman ROP Project
Oman OTP Project
Oman RGO Project (Royal Guard Office)
Egypt MOD Project
Egypt MERC Project
Egypt OP Project (Office of the President)
Iraq MOI O&M Project
Iraq MOI AVL Project
Responsibilities:
Managing procurement department activities in Middle East, Libya & Egypt “MELE” Offices
Prepare, review and evaluate technical & commercial aspects of all tenders
Monitoring project progress and vendors monthly performance
Working closely with functional leads to ensure efficient spending and compliance to procurement governance processes Villa 214, El Yasmeen Area,
First Settlement, Cairo, Egypt
11856
+201*********
adslen@r.postjobfree.com
SKILLS
Budget analysis
Compliance standards
Programme management
Strategic sourcing
Vendor sourcing
Contract Negotiation
Analytical problem solver
Procurement expertise
Expert knowledge of Word, Excel,
PowerPoint, and advanced
knowledge of MS Project
Well versed with ERP Systems,
Databases, E-bidding Tools, and
Greenfield
Member of Chartered Institute of
Procurement & Supply (MCIPS)
and policies
Working closely with Engineering, Account Leads, Project Management Office to ensure project & technical requirements are translated to clear scopes of Work/Specifications
Work closely primarily with go-to-market (pre-award) & Project
(post award) Teams to ensure unified Procurement value-add and delivery strategy
Develop comprehensive understanding of assigned geographical requirements, potential supply base, internal clients & customer requirements
Ensure procurement is considered strategic partner in responding to internal customers by partnering with them
Monitor & Report on Projected P&L spend versus actual executed spend
Working with Legal & Contracts personnel to ensure Contracts are in place prior to execution of procured Equipment Supply & Services
Participate in developing annual cost reduction/margin enhancement objectives, gaining buy-in from Project Team & execute on plan and meet/exceed business goals
Identify existing sources of goods and services (including across Countries, Regions & Sectors), identify commonalities, and recommend supplier consolidation and cost reduction actions
Execute timely and total cost of ownership driven sourcing responses
Execute any ‘cost claim' issues with suppliers, ensuring equitable value achieved for deficiencies against contract by supplier
Working with other Internal Function (e.g., Finance, Logistics, Project Management) to facilitate the successful execution of
“Purchase to Pay” cycle to ensure Internal Controls are met and Suppliers are paid in accordance with agreed terms
Investigate & escalate late payment issues with appropriate internal teams
Using Motorola's eProcurement applications review & approve Purchase Requisitions, contracts, supplier set up, etc
Involvement in assessment, review and negotiation of any additional costs requested by Vendors
Conducting regular review meetings with Vendors
Developing, managing and maintaining commercial relationships with vendor to ensure that they meet company's objectives with respect to time, quality and cost
Involving in financial monitoring of contracts and early identification of cost increases.
Procurement Manager, North Africa, 02/2007 - 12/2013 Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd, Cairo Governorate, Egypt Project: Turn key projects (construction, equipment supply & installation, commissioning and maintenance)
Responsibilities:
Third license mobile network project in Egypt (Client – Etisalat).
Third license mobile network planning and preparation in Syria branch office.
Managed procurement department in Libya branch Office.
Develop and issue the yearly Egypt engineering cooperation service Frame Biddings which covers all engineering cooperation projects (Clients – Etisalat, VDF, Mobinil, MOD & Telecom Egypt)
Qualify and evaluate turnkey, telecom and outsourcing suppliers.
Local and international market investigation for new subcontractors and suppliers.
Conduct local cost benchmarking.
Develop and issue the request for proposal for site acquisition & civil work and outsourcing materials.
Study and compare the technical and commercial offers.
Negotiate the prices & contract terms with the suppliers.
Responsible for bidding procedures for all turnkey projects.
Prepare cost analysis and market updates for main raw materials of construction with monthly, quarterly and annual summary of all materials cost and market study in Egypt.
Issue the contracts and complementary agreements.
Develop and issue the subcontractors monthly evaluation report with improvement plans.
Plan and control the purchases and acquisitions along the project lifetime.
Familiar with relevant knowledge about laws, finance & tax, and use the knowledge in actual procurement work.
Provide procurement solutions to strategic suppliers, solve routine problems occur during procurement fulfillment & guide senior directors to make decisions.
Communicate with the medium-level and senior directors of Huawei's relevant business departments, and make decisions on the procurement strategy of certain major capital construction projects.
Identify project risks and provide prevention measures.
Develop and sustain mutually beneficial strategic relationships with suppliers, ensure implementation of contracts, work with suppliers to implement continuous cost and quality improvements.
Identify, develop, and manage supplier relationships to meet purchasing commitments and ensure integrity of the purchasing processes.
Undertake development of the procurement strategy for complicated purchasing objects and implement the process independently, analyze industry development trend and carry out strategic supplier management.
Summarize experience and release cases quarterly and participate in the development of procurement-related course. Senior Projects Engineer, 03/2003 - 01/2007
DSD – Ferrometalco Company, Cairo Governorate, Egypt Customers: UHDE & ALSTOM POWER INC.
Project: Design, Fabrication and Supply of Power Station HRSG Responsibilities:
Delivery of projects from project award through to project closing.
Interface between customer, various company divisions/ departments, vendors and any other involved parties.
Management of DSD Subcontractors.
Administrate sub-contract agreements and follow-up subcontractors' progress
Produce and maintain project plans and ensure they are achieved.
Planning and coordination of project tasks with all internal and external departments and groups involved. Control of resources and cost allocated to project.
Produce and maintain project budgets, forecasts & P&L goals.
Time schedule updating.
Identify project risks, quantify and produce risk mitigation and contingency plans to optimize profitability and customer satisfaction.
Providing Management reports on progress, milestones, risks, costs, billings and releases.
Verify actual progress versus scheduled progress.
Maintain project documentation in accordance with DSD, customer contract and ISO requirements.
Manage quality metrics as per DSD quality goals.
Ensure compliance to DSD Office of Ethics and Compliance requirements.
Construction Engineer, 01/2002 - 02/2003
ICON, Cairo Governorate, Egypt
Customers: Exxon Mobile, Petrojet and Rail Road Authority Responsibilities:
Site survey
Sandwich panels, corrugated sheets and purlens calculation for fabrication process
Design all types of caravans “Fixed & Mobile” according to client's specifications
Follow-up fabrication process
Handle all logistics
Supervised onsite cladding process and assembly of caravans
Issue monthly reports covering all executed, planned works and cost control
Close out of projects and issue letter of final handling over. EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, Civil Engineering, 2001
Ain Shams University - Cairo Governorate, Egypt
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Used Microsoft Excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets
Achieved procuring equipment and services within difficult time limits
Achieved maximum annual savings through effectively helping with monthly spend
Supplier base expansions
Supplier quality improvements
Supervised team of 3 staff members
Collaborated with team of 12 in the development of STC NationWide MCPTT project
AFFILIATIONS
Member of the Chartered Institute of Procurement & Supply (MCIPS)
.
Contact this candidate