AMAN RAZA KHAN

SURFACE TREATMENT ENGINEER

CONTACT

+973********, +917*********

adsril@r.postjobfree.com

Road 426,Block Salmabad
Kingdom of Bahrain

Linkedin.com/in/aman-
raza-khan-

EDUCATION

2015 – 2019
Bachelor’s in Chemical Engineering

Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology Greater Noida ( India )

2014 –2015
Intermediate (12th level) (Chemistry)
Central Board of Secondary Education (India )

2012 –2013
High School (10 level) (Chemistry)
Central Board of Secondary Education (India)

KEY SKILLS

Microsoft Office, Ms Excel, Power point presentation

English Communication

Creativity, Innovation

Interpersonal, Enthusiasm

Problem solving

Team leadership

SKILLS

CERTIFICATION

REFERENCES

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Exceptionally focused and skilled Surface Treatment Engineer with more than 3 year’s of experience customer satisfaction and safety record. Potential experience in Surface treatment, Conversion Coating, Process control, Plant design, Chemical laboratory, Quality control checks and On Hand Experience in many projects like in Automotive, Jewelry, Printed circuit boards, Faucets, hardware’s, Aerospace, Fasteners, Electroless Nickel. Collaborated with all staff, including managers, to exchange complicated technical Skills, Laboratory Analysis, manufacturing process and industrial information.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Electroplating Process Engineer
Almai Metal Industries W.L.L
February 2022 – Present (Kingdom of Bahrain)

Technically leading the metal treatment project for Automobiles, Faucet, Aerospace, PCB, Fasteners plating on Customers based works.
Project consist of the following section.
Chemical Process
Non Destructive testing
Chemical laboratory
Ordering Chemical as per need and maintain inventory records.
De-Mineralized water and waste water treatment process.
Designing and optimization of chemical process.
Liaising with the Quality Manager and certification bodies, to ensure continued compliance with Standards.
Managing the laboratory analysis and maintain electroplating bath accordingly.
Oversee the daily analysis of process chemistry and effluent treatment discharge to ensure compliance to customer, regulatory and internal company requirements.
Working alongside the Quality Manager and colleagues to resolve technical issues.
Troubleshoots and diagnoses electroplating equipment issues using various types of test equipment.
Daily production and laboratory analysis records updated related to Plating process.

ELECTROPLATING TECHNICAL ENGINEER
GRAUER AND WEILS LTD
APRIL 2019 – JANUARY 2022 (INDIA)

Work with the management team, staff and consultants to ensure production processes meet internal, customer, national and international standards.
Hand on work experience in all Plating Finishes with strong technical sound.
As a Electroplating Technical Engineer handling all kind of Electroplating finishes like Nickel, Chrome, Brass, Copper, Silver, Cadmium, 24k Gold, Zinc etc.
Make new process qualification with respect to Customer specifications.
Set-up many new Electroless plating plant’s for Automobiles Industries.
Installed new Automatic and Manual plating plant’s as per production needs.
Make Chemical costing sheet with current production.
Troubleshoot on many electroplating plants and resolve typical problem related to bath imbalance.
Provide hands-on practical support to solve technical or quality issues.
Supervise the running of the laboratories.
Identify and implement agreed practices to reduce waste.
Ensure documentation is maintained to required standards.
Provide training, tools and techniques at individual or group level to employees and managers.
Follow strict health and safety protocols.

Technical Skills
Hand on work experience on Atomic Absorption Spectrometer testing,Step test Of Nickel and Chrome thickness, Fisherscope X-ray XRF testing.
Laboratory Analysis all Chemicals.
Handling acid, oxidizers, base and other chemicals with precautions.
Calibration management.
Salt Spray test of all Plating components ATMS.
Chromate Conversion Coating.
Quality control of process and troubleshooting on all Plating baths.
Conducts root cause analysis and implements corrective action if required.
Cost calculation and cost reduction in plating plant.
Solid understanding of operation, methods and procedures of waste treatment.

Soft Skills
Creativity
Analytical thinking Systematic approach
Project management
Cost estimates
Planning
Documentation
Sigma Six White belt
Lean manufacturing Attention to detail
Communication - reading, writing, talking, listening
Flexibility and adaptability e Passion and drive team work.

Lean Six Sigma white belt certified by Management and Strategy Institute.
Declaration of completion Certificate in Lean management by Simplilearn.
Certificate of Appreciation from Almai Metal Industries WLL in Surface Finishing leadership.

Available from current and past position on request.
Contact this candidate