Jamil Fayad
Objective Resourceful Senior Management driven to cut company costs
& boost company revenue through innovative management techniques. Organized and diligent, with excellent written, oral and interpersonal communication skills. Successful in building and motivating dynamic teams. Extremely well connected in the market and especially GCC, Middle East & Africa.
Experience Nov.,2016- Present Emirates Building Systems Deputy General Manager- Sales & Business
Development – Africa Location : Ivory Coast
EBS services cover the in-house design, fabrication and supply of a broad range of hot rolled structural steel and built-up structural steel in addition to Metal and Aluminum sheeting as well as the installation of the same.
My responsibilities included the following :
• Cost Control
• Strategic Planning
• Policy Improvements
• Process Optimization
• Goal Attainment
• Performance Reviews
• Team Leadership
• Staff Development
• Quality Assurance
• Business Development
• Generating New Sales & Businesses
Resume of Jamil H. Fayad Page 2 of 5
General Sales Manager- Export Sector 2 (UAE,
Oman, Qatar, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Jordan, Syria,
Lebanon & Iraq)
2005–2010 Zamil Steel Industries Saudi Arabia
Regional Sales Manager- UAE & Oman
2002–2005 Zamil Steel Industries Saudi Arabia
Area Sales Manager- Dubai & Northern Emirates
2000–2002 Zamil Steel Industries Saudi Arabia
Area Sales Manager- Muscat Office
1998–2000 Zamil Steel Industries Saudi Arabia
Area Sales Manager- Kuwait Office
1997–1998 Zamil Steel Industries Saudi Arabia
Sales Engineer- Riyadh Office
Zamil Steel is the largest manufacturer of Pre-Engineered Metal Buildings in Asia & Africa and the largest exporter in the world with manufacturing facilities in Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Vietnam, UAE & India and sales offices throughout the world. My duties included the following:
Assure that every area offices reporting to me meet their monthly targets.
Establishing manning, capital asset, general expenditure of each area office and monitoring the cost effectiveness of the office.
Proper follow-ups with area offices monitoring the project lists of three months sales forecast.
Implementation of CRM for all offices with full update of daily monitoring and full updates of results given by CRM versus the actual.
Evaluate all area offices managers and staff reporting to me through the PEDP system on quarterly basis.
Set target to area offices in order to improve percentage of discount.
Action written correspondence.
Set selling strategies, negotiate and finalize deals. Resume of Jamil H. Fayad Page 3 of 5
1994–1997 Bimad Co. Beirut, Lebanon
Projects Manager
Handled various projects in coordination with various clients and consultants
Arranging manpower and preparation of bills, project planning and coordinating weekly meetings with the consultant.
1992–1994 Al Farhan International, Kuwait
Coordinator Engineer
Handling various projects in coordination with various clients and consultants.
Preparation of clients bills, Sub contractor monthly bills.
Attending the consultant weekly meeting about the site progress.
Intending materials to be purchased from out side.
Preparation of expected Budget expenses.
1990–1992 Callaghan Paving, Chicago, U.S.A
Project Engineer
Hired expressly for the Lake Shore Drive Project, a major road resurfacing project on an extremely busy thoroughfare in Chicago that to be done within specific time fare. My duties included the following :
Laying out of grades.
Measuring quantities.
Monitoring different concrete and asphalt pours. Resume of Jamil H. Fayad Page 4 of 5
Education
1990–1992 Bradley University, Peoria, IL, U.S.A
Master Science in Civil Engineering
Major : Construction Management
1985–1990 Bradley University, Peoria, IL, U.S.A
Bachelor Science in Civil Engineering
Special Skills
-Knowledge of computer software such as:
PRIMAVERA
STAAD PRO
Microsoft Excel & Word
Windows
AUTOCAD
-Attended various sales and marketing courses such as:
Effective Selling Skills at Chamber of Commerce Industry- Dammam.
Advanced Selling Skills Course At Carlton Hotel- Dammam.
Customer Care at Gulf Hotel – Bahrain.
Relationship Marketing At Gulf Hotel- Bahrain.
-Ability to conduct presentations to general public.
-Willing to travel extensively.
Lebanese Engineering Society.
Kuwaiti Engineering Society.
American Society Of Civil Engineers (ASCE)
Resume of Jamil H. Fayad Page 5 of 5
Professional
Societies
Personal
Civil Status : Married With 3 Children
Date of Birth : August 12, 1966
Nationality : Lebanese
Languages : English, Arabic & Some French
References
Furnished Upon Request
Contact this candidate