David Flinchbaugh
Vancouver, WA
Mobile: 360-***-****
E-mail: adt479@r.postjobfree.com
Linkedin: www.linkedin.com/in/david-flinchbaugh-6344b81

Accomplished Engineering Manager and product development specialist, adept at fostering and sustaining professional and productive working relationships across disciplines, departments and industries, both domestic and international. Knowledgeable in complex operations and oversight of large budgets and workforces. Extensive experience in all project phases and product life-cycles.

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
●Engineering Management, 10 years experience managing technical professionals including over 5 years direct performance management,
●Project Management, 20 years managing complex, multi-disciplinary development projects under stringent QMS control, Planning & Quoting, Scheduling, Contracts, Requirements Management, Change Management,
●Regulatory Compliance & Conformity Assessment, 20 years handling projects subject to a wide variety of Standards and requirements such as UL, Intertek, EU, FDA, ISO, ASD, NFPA, IEC, ANSI, SAE, ASHRE, IES,
●Process Development, Design Controls, Workflows, Processes and Procedures
●Product Development, Feasibility, Design, Prototyping, Verification & Validation, NPI, Manufacturing Test,

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
WELLONS INC., VANCOUVER, WA
Manager Electrical & Controls Engineering May 13, 2019 – December 14, 2022

Manager of the Electrical and Controls Engineering Department leading the design, manufacture, installation and commissioning of complex systems for control of biomass power, energy, environmental control and lumber dry kilns. Reporting to the Chief Engineer.

●Personnel Management, Hiring and development of resources. Leading the team of five direct reports and multiple contract resources.
●Budget Management, Control of multi-million dollar development budgets.
●Contract Management, Development of electrical construction specifications for bid, evaluation of submittals and issuing contracts.
●Resource Management, Scheduling resources to meet development, install and commissioning timelines.
●Regulatory Compliance, Evaluate codes and standards to ensure designs are compliant.

CONTROLTEK INC., VANCOUVER, WA
Design Engineering Manager August 17, 2015 – November 16, 2018

Member of Senior Management Team and Manager of the Design Engineering Team reporting directly to the President.

●Personnel Management, Lead, develop, and manage five direct reports to achieve individual and company goals. Additionally manage an extensive network of contract resources.
●Budget Management, Formulate annual operating budgets, track and control spending for budgets exceeding $1 Million.
●Contract Management, Review and modify purchase agreement terms and conditions, joint venture contracts, and non-disclosure/confidentiality agreements.
●Project Management, Lead Manufacturing, Engineering, and Quality for on-time and on-budget execution of projects and products through clear communication and coordination. Customer Invoicing, Expense Tracking.
●Product Development, Lead and support new product design and manufacturing, testing programs, and marketing campaigns and product launches of electromechanical assemblies for medical, aerospace, industrial, automotive, lighting, communications, IOT and other industries.
●Regulatory Compliance & Conformity Assessment Management, Lead the company efforts for product testing, Listing and follow-up inspections.
●Process Development, Establish and maintain engineering processes and procedures for obtaining and maintaining ISO9001, ISO13485, AS9100D, FDA, & ITAR registrations.
●Database Development, Lead IS/IT staff in the development and continual improvement of an engineering project database for project tracking, billing and reporting, reduce paperwork burdens imposed by regulatory & quality systems and streamlined client billing.
●Production test, Expand production test development capabilities improving test coverage, reducing escapes, development costs and development cycles.
●Performance Management, Establish department metrics and KPIs to track performance and set expectations.
●Establish activity/billing categories to align department activities with R&D tax credits reducing annual calculation effort from days to minutes.
●Manufacturing/RMA Support: Oversee, define and resolve critical technical and program issues and ensure engineering support to the manufacturing team.

SENVA INC., BEAVERTON, OR
Engineering Manager June 02, 2013 – August 14, 2015

Manager of the Design Engineering Team reporting directly to the owner.

●Personnel Management, Restructure an outsourced engineering model into an internal design engineering department. Lead, develop, and manage five direct reports to achieve individual and company goals. Additionally, manage several external resources.
●Budget Management, Formulate annual operating budgets, track and control spending for budgets exceeding $750,000.
●Project Management, Lead Manufacturing, Engineering, and Quality for execution of projects and products through clear communication and coordination.
●Product Development, Lead and support new product design and manufacturing, testing programs, and marketing campaigns and product launches of electromechanical assemblies for building automation sensor products.
●Product Management, Innovate new industry leading products such as an Energy meter system unlike anything else on the market, a combination CO/NO2 monitoring sensor family and a combination temperature/humidity/CO2 sensor family. Expanded product lines to incorporate BACnet in addition to standard 4-20ma and 0-10V connections. Modularized pressure sensor family allowing for multiple products from a single base design.
●Regulatory Compliance & Conformity Assessment Management, Lead the company efforts for product testing, Listing and follow-up inspections.
●Process Development, Establish engineering processes and procedures for obtaining and maintaining ISO9001 & ISO14001 registrations and ensure delivery of quality products on a timely basis.
●Manufacturing/RMA Support: Oversee, define and resolve critical technical and program issues and ensure engineering support to the manufacturing team.

LEVITON MANUFACTURING COMPANY INC., TUALATIN, OR
Engineering Project Manager June 23, 2008 – November 20, 2012

Member of the Design Engineering Team reporting to the Director of Engineering

●Manage the entire product development cycle of multidisciplinary engineering projects utilizing international design teams of internal and contract resources for the design and manufacture of lighting control and energy management systems and devices.
●Project scheduling, resource allocation, review, development, and motivation of staff, developing, maintaining and revising ISO policies and procedures, requirements definition and management, project risk assessment and mitigation, compliance activities, test plan development and review, verification and validation activities, and client communications.
●Simultaneously manage multiple complex projects with budgets in excess of $500,000.
●Regulatory Compliance & Conformity Assessment Management, Assist the company Regulatory manager with efforts for product testing, Listing and follow-up inspections.

CONTROLTEK INC., VANCOUVER, WA
Project Engineer February 6, 2004 – May 23, 2008

Member of the Design Engineering Team reporting to the VP of Engineering.

●Electrical Medical Device design, development. Electrical and firmware design, requirements management, product and project risk assessment, test plan development and review, verification and validation activities, technical file maintenance, and client communications.
●Project scheduling, budgeting, and resource allocation using MS-Project and Gantt charts and management.
●Lead the engineering department involvement with ControlTek’s RoHS process development committee.
●Chair a design control review committee chartered with an in depth examination and restructure of ControlTek’s design control policies and procedures to maintain ISO registrations while ensuring compliance with the FDA Quality System Regulations (QSR).
●Regulatory Compliance & Conformity Assessment Management, Product testing, Listing and follow-up inspections.
●Represent ControlTek’s engineering department with current and prospective clients.

UNDERWRITERS LABORATORIES INC., CAMAS, WA
Project Engineer August 2000 – January 2004
Associate Project Engineer January 1999 – August 2000
Engineer January 1998 – January 1999

Member of the Engineering Conformity Assessment Team reporting to an Engineering Manager.

●Manage engineering projects in lighting, household and cooking appliances, power invertors, medical devices and other product categories for the assessment of electrical equipment conformity to various published requirements from FDA, FCC, UL, IEC, NFPA, IEEE, CSA, European Union, etc.
●Analyze project scope, determine specifications and budgets, establish test programs, direct laboratory staff in the proper completion of specified testing, review test results, write engineering reports, communicate with the clients and other regulatory authorities, and review the work of colleagues.
●Provide technical leadership for various product categories, develop and maintain Standards, Outlines of Investigation, Global Forms (Reports, Procedures, data packages and category specific correspondence), Laboratory Procedural Guides (LPG) and other UL requirements, conducting staff meetings and training seminars and representing UL at industry technical committee meetings.
●Build intercultural business relationships with conformity assessment services in China to increase the customer base,
●Develop terminal block test capability at UL Camas to increase testing revenue,
●Expand UL Camas capabilities for PV Invertors,
●Automate data sheet generation for multiple product categories reducing test plan development time.

EDUCATION
BS - Electrical Engineering
Montana State University, Bozeman, MT December 1997

Pre-Engineering (Non-Degree)
Flathead Valley Community College, Kalispell, MT June 1987

Electronics Technology Certificate
York County Area Vo-Tech, York, PA June 1984

CERTIFICATIONS
Oregon State Board of Examiners for Engineering & Land Surveying
P.E. #59583PE (Pending Reinstatement) June 2007

PATENTS
OCCUPANCY SENSOR WITH UNIVERSAL MOUNT Co-Inventor
US Patent #US 8,530,840 B2 September 2013

MILITARY
US ARMY RESERVE Bozeman, MT
Military Police - Prisoner of War Processing December 1988 – December 1992
MONTANA NATIONAL GUARD Bozeman, MT
Stinger Missile Operator January 1993 - December 1994

AFFILIATIONS
VETERANS OF FOREIGN WAR Washington D.C.
POST #15049 - Life Member #10064625 December 2010 - Present
Contact this candidate