Narval Cameron
Email: adt8v5@r.postjobfree.com
Cell: 347-***-****

Objective
To occupy a position in a growing company that affords me the opportunity to utilize my skills in creating values for my organization as well as for myself.
Experience

2019-Present Selina Chelsea NYC
Engineering Manager
Develop, implement, and monitor preventative maintenance programs of all building equipment, public areas, and guestrooms.
Negotiate contracts and approves vendors for projects.
Create annual Capital Expenditure budget for engineering department with General Manager.
Ensure building and building management systems are in compliance with City and State laws.
Ensure all emergency and life safety equipment and systems are inspected, tested, and certified per State and hotel standards.
Train engineering team to perform at the highest level to satisfy guests, organization, and engineering department.
Implement OSHA and ADA programs to ensure compliance.
Purchase all supplies and tools needed by the engineering department to perform repairs.
Excellent practical and theoretical knowledge of HVAC, plumbing, boiler, electrical, carpentry and mechanical systems.
Conduct energy conservation programs with team members.
Very good knowledge of electronic locking systems.
Knowledge of complex NYC fire codes and operations.
Lead the hotel safety committee team.
Advanced level of Microsoft Suite and Numbers, and other computer programs.

2010-2018 Wingate by Wyndham Hotels
Lead General Maintenance Mechanic
Overseer of the property grounds, public areas, and hotel’s guest room.
Preventive maintenance performed to prevent breakdowns in hotel accommodations.
Extensive knowledge of carpentry with broad electrical and plumbing skills.
Clean or replace air conditioners and heating units regularly.

2007-2009 JR Grech Construction Corp.
Carpenter
Supervised work crew start to finish on high end construction projects.
Proficient with the following tasks: drywalls, vinyl and ceramic, framing, tiles, trim work, hanging doors, molding installations, and windows.
Read blueprints to determine job procedures.
Mathematical skills and analytical skills used to do material estimates.
Dropped ceiling, and laser levels.

2001-2007 Cameron Construction
Lead Carpenter
Performed layout, framing, finishing of typical projects, including new homes, room additions, and remodeling.
Read blueprints and calculated measurements.
Plaster and painting skills.

Education

Pending Penn Foster College
Degree in Construction Technology

1986-1992
Edwin Allen Comprehensive
Major: Industrial Arts
Technical drawings, metal work, woodwork, electrical technology
Studied Math and English language

Interests

Certificates

Carpentry, Blueprints and Computers

P-98 Certificate of Fitness for Fuel Oil Transfer to Buildings
OSHA 30 Hour Certified for Construction safety
C-92 Supervision of flammable/combustible liquids
Contact this candidate