Glenn Amos
Field Service Manager
Fredericksburg, VA 22407
adta3a@r.postjobfree.com
+1-301-***-****
US Citizen
Experienced Electrical and Electronics Engineering Technician with a background in complex surveillance systems. Competent in the use of test equipment (Multimeters, Osilloscopes, Frequency Counters, Signal Generators, Optical TDR and Spectrum Analysers) on complex communications and radar intercept systems. Worked within the Aerospace, Cable industry and Security Home Automation industry utilizing process-based disciplines and requirements management tools. Able to generate technical reports using the full MS Office suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, Visio, Teams, Tableau). Core skills areas
• Trainer/mentor and examiner of senior and junior technicians/engineers in the theory, operation and maintenance of platform wide electrical and electronic systems through to in depth fault finding for both foreign and domestic Customers.
• Provided customer and end user support on site and on line through satellite communications links to maintain Operational Capability.
• Technical Author for UK based surveillance technology demonstrator programme.
• System Level fault diagnosis and isolation down to Printed Circuit Board and Component level were practical using Digital Multi-meters, Spectrum Analyzers, Computer Controlled Complex Signal Generators, Frequency Counters and Oscilloscopes.
• Subject matter expert, customer facing on naval warship installation, trials and operational RF environments.
• Planning and scheduling of work package dates, coordinating activities and resource loading.
• Planning, control and management of equipment performance trials in support of design authority upgrades, setting to work and first of class trials.
• Managed Special Fit Engineering Support Cell building bespoke equipment solutions to end user requirements sets and deploying engineers worldwide in support of operations on naval platforms.
• Managed Team of Technicians in the DC/Maryland/Virginia area in support of market leading Home Security and Automation Company.
Core Qualifications
• BTEC Higher National Certificate (Electrical/Electronic Engineering) – Associates Degree Equivalent.
• PRINCE2 Practitioner (Feb 07) – Programme Management
• Diploma in Engineering Management and Project Management (Mar 07) Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Field Service Manager
Vivint Smart Home - Fredericksburg, VA
September 2017 to Present
Currently holds Maryland and Virginia DCJS Alarm Technician Licenses, DC License currently being processed.
Managed Team of Technicians in the DC/Maryland/Virginia area in support of market leading Home Security and Automation Company.
Hired by the company to overcome complex environmental and installation design issues in the DMV area and nationwide informing both Training and Innovations departments decision making processes in moving forward product design through the beta community and on-line training environments. Responsible for VVIP installs in the DMV area of operations. Installation Manager
UK Electronic Warfare Programme
2014 to 2015
Lead Engineer Customer facing on all aspects of Electronic Surveillance System installation design and Sea Trials on behalf of UK Defense Ministry.
Lead Systems Engineer
UK Electronic Warfare Programme
2012 to 2014
Managed Team of System Engineers in production run of First of Class Digital Wideband Surveillance System $60M programme.
Lead Systems Engineer
Electronic Warfare Technology Demonstrator
2009 to 2012
Lead System Engineer on Technology Demonstrator Programme to prove Digital and Wideband Surveillance concepts leading to $3M initial production run for Naval Combatants. Lead Systems Engineer
Electronic Warfare Technology Demonstrator
2008 to 2009
Systems Engineer (EW)
UK Electronic Warfare Programme
2007 to 2008
Communications Group Manager and Senior Maintainer Royal Navy
2005 to 2007
Chief Engineer
Royal Navy - Portsmouth, VA
1984 to 2007
Technical Lead in networked surveillance system for joint U.K./US programme. Led first of class platform installation and integration activities. Proved system during combat operations eventually taking role as trainer/mentor and subject matter expert.
Lead Communications Electronic Surveillance Measures Royal Navy
2003 to 2005
Instructor for UK/US Civilian and Military Personnel. Lead Communications Electronic Surveillance Measures Royal Navy
2001 to 2005
Technician UK Project incorporating in service support. Special Projects Manager and Training Co-ordinator Royal Navy
1999 to 2001
Satellite Systems Technician
Royal Navy
1997 to 1999
Professional References can be supplied upon request Education
Associate in Electrical and Electronics
HMS Collingwood - Portsmouth, VA
September 1994 to April 1996
Skills
• MS Office
• Ms Excel
• Ms Word
• Ms Project
• Systems Engineering
• Field Service
• Computer Networking
Military Service
Branch: Royal Navy
Service Country: United Kingdom
Rank: Chief Petty Officer
July 1984 to April 2007
Engineering Technician
Commendations:
Active Duty:
Former Yugoslavia
Air Operations Iraq
Second Gulf War
Somalia
NATO Article 5 - 9/11
Contact this candidate