Career Summary:
More than ** years of experience in Wireless and Mobile communications. Strong working experience in GSM (2G) and LTE technology. Hands on experience in Integration and Verification. Have done Functional testing, Regression testing and Release testing.
Automation done using python scripting

Industry Experience:

Parallelwireless (Since 25th May.2021 to Present):
Designation: Lead Software Engineer.

Execution of Regression test cases.
Creating test case scripts in python.
Working on stabilizing suite run.
Working on JIRA for raise PR/Issue/BUG, and for tracking the BUG.
Analyze system requirements and review test plan document.
Regression testing and test automation using python.
Create a test bed and scale it in sync with the development.
Document review and updating as per the new specifications.
Coordinate with both on-shore & off-shore Dev teams to debug the reported defects/bugs.

Huawei Technologies (Since 11th Apr.2019 to 12th Dec2019):
Designation: Assistant Manager Engineering.

Team Handling and task assignment.
Customer meetings related to projects.
Meetings with managers on project progress and challenges.
Site Solution Design Review.
Designing complex Site Solutions for customer sites.

Mobinets (Since 24th Sept.2018 to 7th Dec 2018)

DESIGNATION: Senior Telecom Analyst.

Network database testing.
Testing of Network Engineering Platform tool for Network Inventory.
FRS modification as per requirement.
Raising Bugs found during testing with respective logs in JIRA tools.
Testing the correction for the bugs.
Reporting the test status to the higher management.

State Urban Development Agency, IT Cell, Chhattisgarh, India (Since Mar 2017 to July 2018)

DESIGNATION: State Coordinator.

Evaluating Pre-Qualification and Technical Qualifications of the tenders submitted by the different bidders.
Creating Request for Proposal (RFP) for different Tenders on behalf of SUDA (IT).
Attending different meetings like Pre-Bid Meetings, Tender opening, Project presentation by bidders, etc.
Review and preparation of Pre-Bid meeting queries responses raised by different Bidders.
Leading Performing Acceptance testing of Apps build for SUDA.
Managing the IT team.
Direct reporting to Deputy Collector and IAS

Ericsson India Global Pvt. Ltd. (since 03rd Nov 2014 to 05th July 2016)

DESIGNATION: Specialist Network Integration Engineer.
Integrating customer’s site remotely for AT&T customer as per requirement globally.
Have worked on Nokia and Ericsson OSS.
Have worked on RLC, MAC, PDCP, RRC and NAS protocols.
Have worked on S1 and X2 interfaces.
Have worked on features like SON, Carrier aggregation, Split power, Mix mode etc features.
Modifying automation scripts as per the requirement.
Handling technical problems while integrating the new sites.
Supporting Team member’s while integration troubleshooting.
Supporting Field Engineers while doing the Call testing.
Updating site integration reports in the respective tools.
Leading a team of 10-15 members.

Aricent Group (since 05th of April 2010 to 31st Oct 2014)

DESIGNATION: Senior Engineer Testing.
Job Profile: testing of Nokia BTS.
Testing of GSM and LTE technology.
Have done testing of LTE EnodeB and BSS.
Have been involved in testing of different release EX4, EX4.A and EX4.1 testing.
Have done testing of EnodeB testing which includes handover, Cell reselection, Carrier aggregation, SON, etc features.
Have worked on Nokia Netact OSS.
Have worked on Flexi edge, Ultra and Medusa hardware.
Bringing up the test Set-up as per test case requirement.
Executing the test cases (Regression test cases, Functional testing, Network Testing, Release testing, etc.) and taking the different logs of the same.
Reporting the Bugs if found any in the respective tools with the respective logs.
Marking the test case results in the respective test result tool with respective logs.
Responding to SW correction response.

Job Profile: Level 3 Technical support of NSN BTS.
Visiting nationally and internationally to customer’s site to take the logs of the customer related problems and for technical support during piloting of the new software builds.
Handling customer’s technical queries.
Solving technical problems raised by customer.
Communicating with customer for technical issues.
Analysis of the technical problem raised by the customer.
Analysis of all the logs to find the root cause of the problem.
Generating new KPI templates as per requirement, Analyzing different KPI issues.

Nokia Siemens Networks Limited (SINCE 04th of May to 02nd April 2010)

DESIGNATION: Configuration Manager Engineer.
Job Profile: Nokia MSS Manage service.
All creation & deletion activities on MSS and MGW nodes i.e. Circuit creation, CGR creation, VMGW creation, A-ter augmentation, signaling link creation etc through Nokia Netact OSS.
Parameter changing for all type of NSS Network nodes.
Routing of different Numbering Plans (M2M & PSTN) of local, national and international levels
Core network implementation as per source data.

VIHAAN NETWORKS LTD (since 19th July 2007 to 24th April 2009)

DESIGNATION: Field Trail Engineer.
Job Profile: Field testing of end to end GSM system.
Writing and executing the Field Trail test cases.
Split Architecture testing of VNL end to end System.
End to End Internal System Release Testing of VNL System.
Configuring different parameters of BSC, MSC and HLR.
Bringing up of the whole system.
Executing test cases and reporting the bugs found while testing with respective logs.
Generating the SRES with the help of Nethawk MSC Simulator.

P.S. Erectors, DELHI, India (Since 16th Nov 2006 to 19th May 2007)

DESIGNATION: Installation and commissioning Engineer
Site survey.
Installation and Commissioning of BTS and Transmission equipment.
Integration and Testing of BTS sites.
Voltage Standing Wave Ratio (VSWR) Measuring.
Preventive and Corrective Maintenance of BTS.
Performing Acceptance Testing of BTS sites after Installation and commissioning with the customer.

Educational Qualification:
Completed B.E. in Electrical Engineering from Assam Engineering College (Guwahati University) in2007

Trainigs done: Python from Besant Technologies in 2021, CCNA from Nokia in 2009, LTE from award solutions 2010.

Test tools on which worked: Nethawk MSC simulator, Nethawk BSC simulator, Nethawk GSM analyzer, TEMS, NEMO, CMD57, Anritsu and Bird Site Master, PUMA E1 Analyzer, Wireshark Network analyzer, Signal generator, Digital Signal Generator.
Protocols worked on: RLC, MAC, RRC, MM,CC,SCTP,ISUP,NAS.
Personal Details
NAME : Prashanna Kumar.
Marital Status : Married
Date of Birth : 05th NOV 1981
DECLARATION
I confirm that the information provided by me is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Bangalore (Prashanna Kumar)
Contact this candidate