Rhonald J. Trinidad 703-***-**** H 703-***-**** C
adte3q@r.postjobfree.com 9409 Reservoir Rd Fredericksburg VA 22407
Summary: Engineering technician with 10 years of federal service TS work.
Skills: Active TS/ Clearance · Data Collection and Information Analysis · Equipment Installation & Repair · Telecommunication Operations Quality Assurance Project Management & Execution Operations Management Logistics Management Equipment Maintenance · Inventory Control Problem Resolution · Written and Oral Communications. Bilingual English/Spanish.
Work Experience
Administrative Analyst III CGI Federal, Inc., Federal Bureau of Investigation 12601 Fair Lakes Cir, Fairfax, VA 22033
12/18/17 – Present
Assisting with logistics and mission planning, design of deployment platforms and equipment concealments. Thorough understanding of counter technical operational equipment. Managing maintenance and inventory schedules, expenditures for machinery/equipment replacement, and inspection and testing equipment in support of technical surveillance countermeasures tasks. Follows a disciplined and consistent approach data collection, building test scenarios intended to improve operations and overcome relevant problem sets. Consistently punctual and completes all projects and reports according to set priorities and deadlines.
On several occasions, successfully performs supplemental electronics technician duties by augmenting (TSCM) technical surveillance countermeasures examination. Calibrate and operate spectrum analyzers, and other electronic equipment to include updating all equipment software. Provided designing insight and displayed creating ingenuity to assist in the development of ad-hoc technical platforms deployed for high level projects. Assisted with Performing Verification Test of Telephones used in Scif Areas.

Telecommunication Technician Bazon-Cox & Associates, Inc. Virginia Beach, VA
02/01/16 - 12/17/17
Supports the installation, repair, and maintenance of telecommunication hardware. Interprets engineering plans, building infrastructures, and analyzes blueprints to develop and implement plan-of-action for project completion. Receives daily work order information and completes work activity according to priority. Examines work areas to determine cable laying pathways, and best method fiberglass routes. Manages the entire technician life cycle: fiber optic termination, coaxial cable termination, Cat 6A termination, testing, restoration, and problem resolution. Tracks project progression of a 3-5 technician team and reports findings to the site lead. Verifies inventory at shipping locations, matching items against purchase orders, collaborates with the Project Manager for any discrepancies to initiate the reverse logistics process. Maintains confidentiality while completing projects in secure areas of operation.

Successfully completed projects under budget and under schedule, creating cost benefits for the contractor and government. Properly accounted for inventory with no loss, damage or financial burden. Effectively adhered to strict contract compliance, policies and procedures, zero incidents/accidents.
Telecommunication Technician American Systems Chantilly, VA 20151
07/01/14 - 02/01/16
Planned and coordinated the installation/maintenance of telecommunication equipment and hardware for, private offices, standing infrastructures, and buildings under construction. Inspected cables, wires, and associated areas upon completion to ensure project demands were met. Repaired and replaced faulty/damaged equipment, recording all work activity to justify labor logs. Adjusted settings and acknowledged best installation options to improve performance. Identified repair areas for hybrid fiber coaxial networks by detecting causes. Provided team members with exact directions and requirements necessary to complete projects. Estimated inventory needed for completing installation tasks, annotating inventory used and materials saved following project completion. Recommended priorities for allocating critical resources throughout various sites. Accompanied the Project Manager during walkthroughs to verify finished projects were completed to specification

• Diligently ensured work areas were cleaned and free of debris, lowering overall risk. . Regularly attended Safety Briefs and pre-project meetings to ensure job tasks were
understood fully prior to start.
• Developed and implemented work activity processes, in-line with company objectives.
Telecommunication Technician
01/14 - 07/14
CCCI Dulles, VA
Successfully progressed through a series of increasingly responsible positions: Technician Helper to Lead Telecommunication Technician. Worked directly with the site lead to gain a full understanding of telecommunication technician work duties. Analyzed project details and determined amount of equipment, supplies, and inventory for each project: Fiber optic Termination (SC, ST and LC connectors), Coaxial Cable Termination (RG59 and RGO), CAT 5e, Cat 6 and Cat 6A Termination (cabinets, trays and equipment), Test fiber, Coax and Data cables for downloading to data storage (Fluke DTX-1800/Fluke DSX-5000). Safely transported equipment to worksites from shipping locations and accounted for all materials used for each project. Gained access to secure areas by obtaining and maintaining security credentials. Generated reports related to inventory and work activity. Tracked serious incidents and coordinated with the team lead for resolution.

• Acknowledged by leadership for resolving issues, top-notch performance, and maintaining best business practices. Displayed quick grasp of job details in a short period, resulted in increased responsibilities. Performed routine troubleshooting on existing services and new services to determine quality

Education 2004-2005 Independent Electrical Contractor (IEC) Apprenticeship and Training Program - partial completion Chantilly, VA
05/98 Diploma Park View High School, Sterling, VA 20164
Job Related Training
Skills Soldering Wiring, Piping - Knowledge

Training
Basic Audio Theory v2. X-ray Interpretation Basic Cellular Telephone Technology Digital Video Technology Creating Workbooks, Worksheets, and Data in Excel 2013 Performing Basic Tasks in Word 2013
Keysight 89600 Digital Demodulation
• Keysight 89600 Software Introduction
Keysight 89600 Vector Signal Analysis Introduction and Theory of Operation
• Visio software, Power Point
Introduction to Global Communications and Mobile Cellular Networks 40hrs. Keysight Signal Detection 2 Day course Building Automation System. 32hrs.
Contact this candidate