PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth : **th July ****
Marital Status : Married
Religion : Islam
Nationality : Indian (Hyderabad)
OBJECTIVE
I would like to bring my more than 18+ years of
wide experience and knowledge to the company
in the areas of Construction (Architecture,
Civil, Interior, Landscape, Facility
Management, Electrical, Telecommunication
form-work and Scaffolding) with quality
assurance. My work background includes
extensive familiarity, which makes me able to
design multiple projects and problems solving
solutions to existing projects to simplify the
processing methodology in best interest of the
company and clients.
Skills and qualifications: -
Autodesk Inventor Specialist
Autodesk AutoCAD Specialist
Excellent working knowledge of
AutoCAD software (any version),
Including AutoCAD functions, such as
X-Refs, Lisp, Blocks, Layers, Model
Space & Paper Space, Viewports, Pen
Setting files and all AutoCAD utilities.
BIM Revit Architecture
(Proficiency 50%)
Proficient in Isometric & Perspective
view drawings
Proficient in Interior design drawings
Knowledgeable in software applications
such as Microsoft Office
(Word, Excel, and PowerPoint)
Good Manual Drafting/Rendering.
Mohammed Amer Ahmed
Current Location: Doha, Qatar
Mobile No: +974 – 55 34 1375
Email: adth4p@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/amerjunaidi/ EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Senior CAD Engineer - April 2018 to till Date
Bahadir Construction Co. (Doha, Qatar)
Perform engineering work related to configuring, deploying, maintaining and upgrading CAD models.
Design, develop and engineer high quality models using CAD tools.
Produce designs that meet targets for feasibility, performance, costs, quality, safety, legislation and timing.
Ensure that all work carried out is in compliance with company design, safety, quality, environmental compliance and procedural Standards.
Interact with design team and client, as necessary to obtain critical design information necessary to complete project within intended time frame.
Review design layouts to find and resolve problems involving compatibility with basic design concepts.
Preparing clear and accurate working plans and detailed shop drawings from rough sketches & notes.
Update and maintain product design files.
Co-ordination with Civil, Architectural, Structural & MEP engineers on outstanding issues.
Train and guide Production Engineers on engineered design.
Determine limitations, assumptions and solutions in the design and development of CAD models.
Knowledge of regulations of Qatar authorities such as QCDD, Ashghal, Kahramaa, and MOI
Preparation of detail shop drawings for Electrical Substations as per Kahramma requirements.
Supervise assistant drafters and other workers involved in the project design.
Assist in implementation of CAD engineering applications. Site Responsibilities:
Co-ordination with site engineers regarding the implementation of the design and plans in actual construction.
Preparing and coordinating RFI’s. (Request for Inspections) and RFC (Request for changes)
Site supervision/inspections.
Project Involved:
Accommodation & Support Facilities (Al Udeid Airbase – Doha, Qatar)
Senior Draftsman (Landscape) - Aug 2015 to March 2018 AlNakheel Agriculture & Trading WLL. (Doha, Qatar)
Preparing site plans and specifications for landscaping activities.
Preparing drawings for all types of Landscape design with consistent accuracy, neatness, and presentation.
Preparing, modifying, and updating hardscape, soft-scape & irrigation shop drawings, as-built, layout as per design manager, consultants, and end-user’s requirements.
EDUCATION
Diploma in Architecture
(IBA Indo British Academy,
Hyderabad, India 1996)
Diploma in Civil Draftsman
(IBA Indo British Academy,
Hyderabad, India 1994)
Certificate in Auto Cad & Microsoft
Office (CAT Academy, Hyderabad,
India 2001)
Certificate in Revit Architecture
(Micro CADD, Hyderabad, India)
ACHEIEVEMENT
Amer Ahmed Mohammed the Quality
& Efficiency Award at Aktor Facility
Management on 11/May/2015
Certificate of Appreciation at Bahadir
Construction Co. from Air Force
Central Command Program
Management Office on 30/June/2022
LANGUAGES KNOWN
English
Arabic
Urdu
Hindi
DRIVING LICENSE
Holding Qatar, Saudi Arabia and India
Light / Medium Vehicle License
HOBBIES
Traveling
Swimming
Playing Football, Cricket & Billiards
Co-ordinating with other departments/sections for design-related issues.
Visits the site and does detailed measuring if necessary.
Co-ordinating with site engineers and Supervisors.
Preparing RFI with details.
Project Involved:
CP10C1 & CP10E1 (Lusail City – Doha, Qatar)
Training Sites Project (Qatar University)
Place Vendome (Lusail City – Doha, Qatar)
Alkhor Farm Villa
Senior CAD Engineer (Civil / Architectural) - July 2014 to June 2015 Aktor Facility Management (Doha, Qatar)
Work as a Senior CAD Engineer (Civil / Architectural) at Doha- HAMAD international airport (Doha, Qatar).
Responsible for Aircraft Maintenance Hangar, Emiri Hangar, Duty- Free warehouse building, Car rental building, and Staff access control building drawings.
Modify, and update shop drawings, as-built, layout, and blueprints as per engineers, consultants and end-user’s requirements.
Providing updates on project documentation in team meetings.
Obtain all necessary approvals and reviews of project design data.
Preparing and coordinating WO (Work Orders).
Maintaining WO (Work Order) and material details log.
Preparing weekly progress reports for all shop drawings and as-built drawings.
Coordination drawing of civil/architectural, mechanical, electrical, and structural.
Preparing information regarding design, specifications, materials, and schedules and other elements associated with Facility management. Develop design ideas and create design presentations for additional work and specifications as well as value engineering principles. Project Involved:
Doha-HAMAD International Airport – Doha, Qatar.
Senior Architectural Draftsman - Jan 2010 to June 2014 Baytur Construction & Contracting Co.
(Doha, Qatar and Abha, Saudi Arabia)
Coordinates the outstanding issues/concerns with the other related trades.
Produce client drawings from design information, per specifications, and in accordance with good industry practice.
Create and modify solid models and detailed drawings from sketches, models, layouts or notes provided by design/engineering.
Assist in the review and recording of shop drawings
Checking drawings for conformity and accuracy
Made adjustments and changes to a variety of detailed drawings as necessary
Maintained organized records of active projects Developed multiple view drawings
Broke down information provided by verbal or written instruction and
/or sketches
Provided updates on project documentation in team meetings.
Obtain all necessary approvals and reviews of project design data.
Prepared technical, Architectural Shop Drawings and As-Built Drawings.
Prepared ID drawings (Interior Drawings)
Prepared and coordinated TQ (Technical Query)
Prepared Floor Pattern & Ceiling Pattern Drawings.
Prepared weekly progress reports for civil/architectural shop drawings.
Coordination drawing of civil / architectural, mechanical, electrical, medical and structural.
Prepared information regarding design, specifications, materials, schedules and other elements associated with construction projects. Develop design ideas and create design presentations. Direct the production of construction documents, drawings, and specifications as well as value engineering principles. Site Responsibilities:
Coordinates with other site engineers regarding the implementation of the design and plans in actual construction.
Coordinates with the subcontractor regarding deliveries and installation of finishing materials on the site.
Preparing and coordinating RFI’s. (Request for Inspections)
Site supervision/inspections.
Project Involved:
Qatar National Convention Centre – Doha, Qatar (from January 2010 to September 2011)
King Khalid Medical University Campus – Abha, Saudi Arabia (from November 2011 to June 2014) Designing Engineer & CAD Draftsman - Jan 2004 to Oct 2009 MIMCO Scaffolding & Form works
(Division of Al Mdarij International Marketing Co. Ltd) Jeddah, Saudi Arabia
Work as a Designing Engineer & Auto-CAD Draftsman for various projects,
multi-discipline cad work, and digitization of detailed design engineering drawings such as Scaffolding, formwork Layouts, Scaffolding details, Scaffolding support details, etc. with respect to client requirements.
prepare designs, drawings and Equipment List (E-List), in accordance with instructions provided by the Engineering Manager.
Review all design drawings, ensuring that any design drawings prepared for the use of System Form-work or other associated equipment, are in accordance with project and design specification, statutory regulation, etc.
Ensure that drawings are registered and associated documents are filed accordingly in the Master Drawing Register and Project File, respectively.
Coordinates with support staff to ensure business and site-related inquiries are prepared or responded in a timely and scheduled manner as well as answer project inquiries.
Coordinates and reports to Site project managers, Sales Representatives, Field Service, Clients, regarding, or making recommendations on the way in which System Form-work equipment is to be utilized, or possible alternatives. Where required, to notify Client of any non-compliance regarding installation or safety, with accepted procedures/ drawings/ instruction in writing, and copy to Engineering Manager.
Coordinates with Sales, Production and Administration staff to ensure that clients’ needs are met in the most effective manner.
AutoCAD Draftsman - June 2002 to November 2003
Saudi Building System (Juffali – Butler) Jeddah, Saudi Arabia
Responsible for the drafting of Steel Building Structures and Steel Trusses. Preparing proposed drawing for Steel buildings structure, Layout of Steel Trusses, Anchor bolt details, etc. Preparing of Structural Layouts, Foundation Layouts, and Foundation Details Structural Support details, Ceiling Plans and details Bar Bending Schedule, etc. also responsible to check the drawing for the correct client Cad standards. DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the information and details provided in this resume are correct and inclusive to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Sincerely,
Mohammed Amer Ahmed
Contact this candidate