Terry Griffin
**** ******* **. **
Sandy Springs, GA 30328
404-***-****

CAREER OBJECTIVE: A challenging management position in an administrative staff, technical, or
supervisory utilizing abilities developed through my experience and education
with the opportunity for professional growth and advancement.

QUALIFIED BY: Fifteen Years of Experience:
-Project Management -Telecommunication Engineering
-Sales Manager -Technical Presentations
-Contract Administration -Sales Engineering

MAJOR ACCOMPLISHMENTS:
International Standards Organization (ISO) 9000 and 9002 certified.
(International Quality Review Guidelines for quality assurance)

Designed and priced very complex services, applications, and integrated
network solutions that met customers' business objectives.

Prepared and delivered Technical Presentations to address issues of
customer and team member concerns. Analyzed CPE (Customer Premise
Equipment) and provided recommendations to sales team based upon
product line.

Designer/Space planner for framework of Relay Rack, Cable Rack,
Framework Bays, Cable Holes, Coaxial Cable, Fiber Optic Cable,
Compartment Racks, and Grounding for a Central Office Environment.

Certified/Completed AT&T Telessentials Curriculum, which included an
Introduction to Communications, Communications Basics, Analog and
Digital Concepts, Transmission, Switching, Communications Networks I,
Communications Networks II, ISDN Fundamentals, Operating Systems,
AT&T Network Systems' Products and Services, Delivery Systems, and
over seventy other Corporate Education and Training classes.

Project Managed/Coordinated customer-oriented orders by Account
Executives and Negotiators regarding 800 Inbound Services.

Provided application and system support. Designed, analyzed, and
developed pricing and assisted in the sale of high level, complex voice,
data, video network, internet, and CPE solutions to fulfill customer
requirements concerning transmission and switching systems (i.e. LANs,
WANs, and ISDN).

Partnered/Coordinated with various business units to provide technical support
through the presentation of advance technology for in-house displays, trade
shows, and symposiums.

Coordinated/Developed/Distributed methods and procedures of services within
the engineering division. These included 1 ESS and 5ESS Switching and
Transmission systems.

Provided technical and non-technical presentations for SuperCom shows and assisted sales teams to fulfill their sales objectives and meet their quotas.

Chairperson of Engineering Information Systems Achievement Award
Committee (EISAAC), a team which investigates new and innovative
engineering ideas and concepts as recommended by supervisors and managers.

Developed computer level program in COBOL, RPG II, and Advanced BASIC
computer languages to operate on Honeywell Level 6, IBM System 38, and
HP Systems.

A+ Certification, May 2002. Network+ Certification, June 2002. Associate of
Science, Computer Information Systems (CIS), 2002.

Wireless Technology: Managed sales associates in the provisioning of local,
long distance, and high-speed internet access technology, along with T1 and
fractional T1 bandwidth.

WORK HISTORY

Crossmark Inc.
Event Specialist

Teligent Inc.
Sales Manager

AT&T Business Communications Services
Sales Engineer/Project Manager

AT&T Network Systems
Senior Engineering Technical Assistant

WTBS-Omni Coliseum
Computer Operations Manager

B. R. Lucas Construction Company
Office Supervisor

City of Palm Springs
Engineering Technician II

City of Banning
Engineering Technician I

EDUCATION
Teligent University (Best in Class) Most Valued Performer (M.V.P.) Awards.
Dow Jones School of Business (Spelman College - graduated) certified
Enrolled in Business Management program at National Louis University
B.S. Computer Science Phillips College (Northside) Atlanta, GA.
University of Southern California (USC)
A.A. Public Relations Eastern Arizona College Phoenix, AZ.

AWARDS & COURSES
-ISDN Speakers Bureau Member (Marketing Profile Center).
-Represented AT&T as a Presenter at Supercom shows.
-Represented AT&T at the ISDN Smart House Demonstration as a Marketing
Support Rep.
-Received 1995 Gold Diamond Leadership Award.
-Feature presenter in issue of Focus magazine, marketing ISDN technology.
-Business Direction Series, Rediscovering Quality, 5 ESS Switch Hardware.
-Time Management & Improving Processes with Quality.
-Products and Service Overview, Total Value Workshop, Basic Selling Skills.
-Strategic Selling Workshop.
-Presentation Skills and Techniques.
-DBase IV, Fundamentals of Computing (UNIX).
-Introduction to MS-DOS, Advanced MS-DOS.
-Commercial Manufacturing Technology Teletraining.
-Engineering Modules, Lotus 1-2-3 for Windows, Harvard Graphics,
Windows 08.
-Labor Relations Techniques and Practices.
-Established Data Processing Management Association (DPMA).
-President of Alpha Beta Phi (Business Fraternity).
-Project Management courses (The Series).
-Prepared & Presented various types of reports to city council (i.e. Zoning,
assessment, budgetary & engineering).

Sales Engineering Director

I. Job Summary

This position serves as a technical interface and technical support for Account Teams and Customers, and is responsible for managing the collection and technical interpretation of all AT&T Switched Services post sale provisioning data necessary to interface all types of customer premises equipment (CPE) to the AT&T switched network and the 4ESS switching machines. The incumbent must possess the knowledge required to translate verbal and written customer requirements into actual switching machine translation requirements and Network Control Point (NCP) feature requirements. Thorough knowledge of CPE and AT&T central office equipment/facilities is required. The incumbent must possess customer interface and interpersonal skills to be able to discuss complex communications technology issues with non-technical customer contacts as well as customer contacts who possess a high level of knowledge. The incumbent will support AT&T Sales and Switched Services customers in the areas of analysis and design, management of customer technical data, systems assurance and accuracy to achieve customer satisfaction. As the technical interface for AT&T Switched Services, the incumbent must be able to obtain technical information necessary to support the AT&T sales effort. This information may be obtained from Methods and Procedures (M&Ps), AT&T technical publications and F.C.C. Tariff filings. The incumbent will be located in a Switched Services Provisioning Center aligned with a Case Team.

II. Duties and Responsibilities

30% Manage data collection of all technical data, in the post sale environment necessary to interface CPE to the AT&T switched network and the 4ESS switching machine.

1.Develops schedule to track and collect customer technical data.
Responsible for provisioning process determination and acceptance of provisioning Required Data Sets (RDSs) on all Switched Services projects.

Coordinate assignments of physical visits by self, nearest available peer or outside work force for the purpose of data collection and validation, such as a site survey, if necessary.
Serve on the Switched Services Case Team Project Team and be responsible for communicating the line of technical data collection and input into the CDIS, SSIRS, and SMS systems.
Serve as a technical expert to assist the Sales Team in technical data collection and validation.
Responsible for the collection and validation of all service request data, and all CPE (i.e. PBX, CSU, TIU, MUX, ACD, video equipment, voice response units, etc.) technical data, no matter who the vendor, and input the same into CDIS. This includes: obtaining CLP data, CLLI codes, feature information for SRFs and dial plan/routing information for NDTs and loading this information into CDIS.
Responsible for lead coordination of technical data collection in the provisioning of integrated services which include Switched Services arrangements with any other Nodal or Private Line Service.
Responsible for the collection of local exchange switched access information relative to feature requirements. Complete and issue CLPs, SRFs, and NDT forms as required to document feature and technical requirements.

30% Perform as a technical consultant for AT&T Sales and Switched Services customers and be a technical resource for the Switched Services Case Teams.

1.Offer advice and solutions for complicated telecommunications arrangements and installations, such as signaling, access arrangements, dial plans, etc... that will encompass and comply with customer needs and activity. Consult with Sales Team to explain Switched Services features and how those features work for customers.
Consult with Sales Teams to explain AT&T's network and equipment and the interface with CPE for
Sales efforts and customer presentations.
2.Consult with Sales Teams and customers for resolution of pre-implementation road blocks, dilemmas and resolution of technical problems.
Support Switched Services Case Team members in understanding the scope of the provisioning projects.
The incumbent will help resolve maintenance and billing issues/problems that require this position's skills, knowledge and access to information.

30% Maintain Switched Services Network Integrity for all AT&T customers assigned to the incumbent's Case Team.

1.Develop and maintain the customers network dial plan by combining network design information and customer needs to ensure dialing compatibility within the Switched Services network and between the Switched Services network and any interconnected networks (such as ETNs, tandem tie-line locations, etc.).
Responsible for the accuracy, legitimacy and compatibility of the SSIRS and SMS databases, in reference to the customers the incumbent supports.
Interpret verbal and written customer dial plans/routing needs and requirements and translate such information into the required formats for input into the CDIS, SSIRS, and SMS systems.
Develop appropriate schedules and issue all routing and feature requests, ensuring all additions, changes and deletions are correctly implemented in a timely manner.
Perform as a resource to the Switched Services Provisioning Center, AT&T Sales Teams, customers and AT&T Core Network organizations to solve network routing issues and problems. Also identify user requirements and enhancements for Switched Services provisioning systems.

10% Administration and Self Development.

1.Participate in appropriate Case Team, staff, kickoff and project meetings.
Assist Switched Services Case Team members (CTSMSA, CTOE, CTD, CTT, CTLS, CTPM, etc.) and Sales Teams in the preparation and execution of Switched Services provisioning for each customer.
Interface with peers on a local and national basis, for the purpose of continuous process improvement and technical expertise development.
Attend workshops and classes on new and existing products, services, technologies and Switched Services features as well as be proactive in collecting information on all types of CPE in order to maintain a high level of technical proficiency and knowledge of the evolution of CPE and the AT&T switched network.

III. Major Problems

1.The absence of formalized training and up to date information provides a difficult challenge in understanding all technical characteristics and features of all manufacturers and models of CPE, the AT&T Switched Network, 4ESS switching machines and other central office equipment and the complete working of a Switched Services network. Understanding of these items must be maintained.
The incumbent must make decisions that will be critical to and influence the timeline and success of the implementation of a SwitchedServices network. The decisions and activities performed by this position will have a significant impact on customer satisfaction and perception of AT&T and the Switched Services service offerings.
The incumbent must manage the collection of the required technical data, management of Switched services networks and all other aspects of the implementation of this position within AT&T budget limitations. The most cost-effective methods must be employed to meet this objective.
The incumbent must proactively maintain a high level of knowledge in the areas of, updates and improvements to provisioning systems and databases as well as new Switched Services features.

IV. Key Contacts

1.Customer technical decision makers
CPE vendors (AT&T as well as all other CPE vendors)
Case Team members and other Switched Services personnel
AT&T Sales Account Teams members (both network and equipment)
Other AT&T centers (i.e.-NRNA, NSP, on-site work force, MFLC, etc.)
Access providers (i.e.-LECs, RBOCs, AAVs, etc.)
AT&T network and CPE Tier III support (i.e.-DATEC)
Switched Services Maintenance centers.

V. Scope

The Customer Service Sales Engineer performs a critical function within the Switched Services Case Team and provisioning process. The success or failure of a Switched Services installation can be dictated by the performance of, information provided by and decisions made by the incumbent. Accuracy is extremely important, as the information analyzed and provided by this person feeds virtually all downstream processes and functions. The incumbent provides a value added role that supports the AT&T strategy in the virtual network market place by providing technical expertise and knowledge to the Sales Teams and to the customer during the post sale and provisioning periods. The revenue base supported by this position is substantial. The incumbent operates in an independent environment having no direct reports but making decisions having high visibility and critical impact on customer satisfaction and perception of AT&T and the Switched Services service offerings.

VI. Skills and Knowledge

1.Education: Specialized
Skills required:
- Inter-personal skills
- Team leadership skills
- Customer interface skills
- Analytical skills
- Problem solving and decision making skills
- Project Management skills
- Organization skills
- Written and verbal communication skills
Knowledge required:
- CDIS (CLP, NDT, NRD, SRF, CTSS, etc.), SSIRS, SMS, TRKS, ACMS, TSP, ELIB,
OCS-SS, POCITS, NETRS, Case Worker Tool and PMX Term/ATTMAIL
- Familiarity with CAOSS, UGTT, GTT, SOTS, WATS/SOP, MFLC, ISIS (CLAS),
NSS/SMS800, IRAS- NET and AT&T network and testing systems (TOPAS, SNOW,
TCA7, SARTS, etc.)
- Computer literacy
- Switched Services routing and dialing plans
- Switched Services features
- Customer Premise Equipment (CPE) and registered jack interfaces
- 4ESS switching machine and trunk messaging
- AT&T central office equipment and facilities
- Customer private networks and routing arrangements (i.e.-ETNs) and network interfaces
- AT&T Switched Services service offerings (SDN, MEGACOM 800, MEGACOM,
Multiquest 900 Service, TSAA, ISDN, SDS, etc.)
- AT&T Private Line Service offerings (ASDS, Frame Relay, etc.)
- Digital and analog signaling (DS0 and DSA level signaling, start dial signaling, address
signaling, supervision, etc.)
- Digital facility signaling (framing format, line coding, etc.)
- CCIS-SS7 out of band signaling
- Multiplexing (D4 channel bank, Time Division Multiplexors, Inverse Multiplexors, DACS,
etc.)
- Data and voice transmission
- AT&T access offerings (T1.5, T45, DDS, VGPL, etc.)
- AT&T access billing arrangements (TS, CPA, COLA, etc.)
- Engineering processes and documents (WORD documents, etc.) and FIC codes
- Order issuance (USOs, FIDs, etc.)
- Location code administration (customer premise CLLI, POP CLLI, 4ESS CLLI, etc.)
- Familiarity with AT&T billing and F.C.C. Tariffs

References

Mr. Steve Farmer
AT&T Manager
1200 Peachtree Street
Atlanta, GA 30309
404-***-****

Mr. James Kearney
Siemans Manager
Ashford Dunwoody Rd.
Dunwoody. Ga.
404-452- 6822

Ms. Gatler Pledger
Lowes Inc. Distric Manager
2450 Cumberland Pkwy.
Atlanta, GA. 30339
404-***-****
Contact this candidate