Hardworking, self-motivated, and
reliable professional with
prominent leadership qualities.
With over 2 years experience in
Recruitment, Sales, and
Management. I have worked in
internal start-up environments as
well as for high-paced agencies.
With a passion for DEI, I strive to
build the most productive, diverse,
and successful teams. Additionally,
I have worked closely with
executive leadership to improve
and transform hiring processes,
training, on-boarding, and overall
candidate/customer experience. A
very strategic and analytical
thinker, with excellent
communication skills and highly
proficient in detail. Offering
experience in Tech Recruitment,
DEI, Business Development, Account
Management, Sales, and
Partnerships. Highly organized,
proactive and punctual with a
team-oriented mentality. Strong
research, writing, and people skills
with demonstrated success in
building teams and working with
executive leaders, candidates, and
customers.
Talent Acquisition (Tech, DEI,
internal, Start-Up, Agency)
Recruitment analytics
Management
Relationship building
Denim
Technical Recruiter Austin, TX 01/2022 to 12/2022
(Laid off Dec. 6, 2022 in company wide lay-off)
Owned full-cycle recruiting: sourced, interviewed, offered, negotiated and closed candidates for assigned requisitions with a focus on DEI. Helped redesign and improve company's hiring process, interviewing, onboarding, and candidate experience.
Improved and helped shape the future of the Engineering department at Denim by consistently identifying, attracting and hiring the very best technical candidates. Partnered directly with internal hiring managers to drive staffing solutions that met the needs of the business.
Advised management on organizing, preparing or implementing recruiting or retention programs.
Recruited top tier Software Engineers, Product Managers, and other senior engineering leaders.
Developed, drove, and executed comprehensive search strategies to recruit senior and niche candidates in limited candidate spaces. Responsible for mentoring and providing on-going training and support for new recruiters and serve as a resource for learning and navigating senior technical policies and procedures.
Maintained database of established ongoing outreach efforts for qualified IT candidates to provide proactive approach to recruiting needs.
Technologies: Google Suite, Greenhouse, LinkedIn Recruiter, Slack, DocuSign, Slite, Rippling.
Accomplishments: Lead company in diverse hires, hired first female Engineering Manager, hired first female Software Engineer, met quarterly OKRs, leader in DEI committee.
Alldus International
Technical Recruiter Austin, TX 07/2021 to 01/2022 Sourced, qualified and conducted screening interviews with job candidates.
Maintained database of established ongoing outreach efforts for qualified IT candidates to provide proactive approach to recruiting needs.
Met with candidates to assess qualifications and conduct interviews. Kaley
Batchlear
adu5nj@r.postjobfree.com
512-***-****
Georgetown, TX 78626
Summary
Skills
Experience
KB
Hiring and retention strategies
Time Management
Onboarding
Interviewing abilities
Training development
Supervision & leadership
Employee engagement
Recruitment planning
Candidate pipeline development
Compensation negotiation
Applicant Tracking systems
Communication
Persistence
Microsoft Office & Google Suite
Critical & Analytical Thinking
Problem Solving
Research
Maintaining Status Reports
Project Organization
Cross-functional Collaboration
IT recruitment and market trends
Employer and management
training
FDM Group- Sales Development
Certification
Austin, TX
2021
Bachelor of Arts
Southwestern University
Georgetown, TX,
History And Art History, 06/2020
President's Academic Scholarship
Recipient
Thesis: Queen Elizabeth I and the
Middle East
Created job ads and wrote job descriptions.
Proactively identified and solved complex recruitment problems impacting employer short- and long-term success.
Liaised between employees and senior leadership to address inquiries, complete contract processing and foster problem resolution. Used job boards, internet tools and career fairs to source both passive and active candidates.
Collaborated with external clients to understand hiring needs and goals.
Technologies: Microsoft Office, Bullhorn.
FDM Group
Account Manager & Graduate Recruitment Austin, TX 11/2020 to 07/2021
Account Management (IT in Energy & Utilities Sector) Proficiently managed and assisted both new and existing accounts, in addition to providing a high level of client care to companies such as: Shell, National Grid, Schonfeld, Macquarie, and more. Communicated with clients via email, phone, online presentations, screen-share and in-person meetings on a regular basis. Sourced new opportunities to introduce products and services to potential customers.
Oversaw multiple accounts and worked diligently to meet and exceed performance goals.
Capitalized on industry changes to corner emerging opportunities. Hunted new business on a continuous basis (Cold calls, emails, LinkedIn).
Graduate Recruitment (IT)
Led US recruitment number board's KPIs.
Sourced, qualified and conducted screening interviews with job candidates.
Built and leveraged professional network connections which provided continuous and relevant applicant sources across diverse industries and experience levels.
Contacted all job applicants to inform of application status. Brought in well-qualified, multifaceted job candidates to fill open positions.
Managed and updated recruitment ATS and CMS software. Trained and mentored newer recruiters in successful strategies for areas such as interviewing and qualifying candidates. Advanced in JobTrain, LinkedIn Recruiter, & SuccessFactors. Mesquite Creek Outfitters
Bartender Georgetown, TX 12/2016 to 11/2020
Company Values Award- Empathy- Work in DEI Committee (2022) Recruitment Honorable Mention- FDM Group (2021)
Education and Training
Activities and Honors
Coached elite softball players for four years
East View High School softball team captain
All-State softball player
Collegiate All-Conference softball player
Collegiate softball team captain
Member of collegiate History Honors Society and the Social Sciences Honor Society
Collegiate Academic-All American
Collegiate Dean's list
Contact this candidate