Bachelor’s Degree - Business
University of Phoenix - 2023
Full Stack Java Web Application
Developer Program, Skill Distillery,
Denver, CO - 2015 – 2016
Lean Six Sigma Black Belt
Villanova University - 2009
EDUCATION
Leadership
Agile
UI/UX
Recruiting
React
NFT
SDLC
Node
DevOps
AI
HTML
Web 3.0
Project Management
Software Engineering
Web Development
Cryptocurrency
Ruby on Rails
AWS
Lean Six Sigma
JavaScript
Machine Learning
CSS
Fullstack
GraphQL
KEY SKILLS
757-***-****
adu5r7@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/willsokolowski
www.github.com/Sokos6
CONTACT
WILL SOKOLOWSKI
W
S
Amount APR 2021 – JAN 2023
Engineering Manager
Responsible for 3 build teams and several contractor teams across multiple, multi-million dollar software launches. Mentored 6 direct reports, led 20 developers during the high profile triage of the biggest release of the year. Responsible for interviewing and onboarding 11 new engineers. Leader of the Neuro-Diverse ERG and chairperson on the Amount ERG. SES JULY 2020 – APR 2021
Senior Software Engineer
Team lead on a greenﬁeld project - Directly responsible for all frontend operations building out a Slack/Teams clone.
Interviewing, onboarding, training and all documentation creation. Pioneered the design system used to develop and iterate the entire platform. Active leadership on all agile methodologies and overall application architecture. Motus JAN 2020 – JULY 2020
Senior Front End Engineer
Full Stack React, JavaScript, Java, AWS. Architectural Review Committee. Led a newly formed team of engineers, with 5-7 direct reports. Backlog management, scrum ceremonies, sprint releases.
Personally created the Motus Design System to standardize cross functional development. Fully remote, dynamic, high stress, fast paced environment. Elevate Tickets 2018 – 2019
Software Engineer
Small shop, 3-5 engineers. Our ticketing platform was responsible for all ticket sales for Coachella, Stagecoach, Barrett-Jackson, various PGA Phoenix events and more. React, ColdFusion, MSSQL, JavaScript.
Directly responsible for the implementation of new payment plan offerings, and a full revamp of the shopping cart components.
InMotion Hosting 2016 – 2017
Web Design Supervisor
Department head in charge of 11 designers and developers. Coordinated 20-30 launches a month cross various departments, hosting sales, customer service, and tech support.
United States Navy 2000 – 2009
Chief Petty Oﬃcer - Aviation Electronics Technician Unprecedented success during intensive, high stress carrier qualifications. War time operations, Three, seven month deployments during 9/11, Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom. 4 years Navy recruiting. #2 recruiter in the nation, then led the number one recruiting station in 4 counties. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
20 years in Software Engineering, Web Development and Leadership. FinTech and SaaS expert.
Devoted Engineering Manager and key contributor on projects that have processed billions of transactions. Former Navy Chief Petty Officer. Frontline leader and change agent. Always willing to go above and beyond.
Team lead and senior engineering manager roles providing cross-functional leadership and management. Gifted at recruiting, leading and developing engineers and building a culture of excellence.
Extensive Web 3.0 experience. Cryptocurrency engineering, large scale multimillion dollar NFT management and sales. Fullstack Blockchain development across multiple chains. I lead super charged, successful software teams that ship elegant code. I’m a compassionate, dedicated leader who deeply cares about the success of those around me. I continue to live by the Navy Core Values of Honor, Courage and Commitment. We should work together. Let’s make a difference.
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Contact this candidate