A. Robert Wilkinson
Phoenix, AZ *****
602-***-**** • adu7v3@r.postjobfree.com • linkedin.com/in/robert-wilkinson-718684a
Software Engineering Manager Profile
Multifaceted technical career with a track record of developing innovative technologies in a range of platforms
Enthusiastic and motivated technology expert eager to move back to a management role after refreshing software skills in a large company environment. Extensive experience in designing and developing industry-leading technologies for a variety of high-profile companies and clients. Successful history of working with talented individuals and forming high performing teams. Keen faculties for relationship management, able to cultivate lasting and profitable partnerships. Strong talent for identifying products to meet consumer and business needs. Holds several technological patents.
Core Competencies:
Full SDLC Management
Market Trend Analysis
Process & System Improvements

Team Development & Leadership
E-Commerce Application Design
C-Level Communications & Relations
Recent Career Experience
Rocket Mortgage, Phoenix, AZ
Software Engineer, 2020-Present
Developed software in a large company environment, becoming familiar with latest software technologies, including resilient cloud based architectures. Worked in an Agile environment implemented in a Scrum framework. Became familiar with archiving results to simplify auditing for regulatory compliance.
Key Achievements:
Developed a new software application using Domain Driven Design.
Moved legacy systems into .Net 6.0
Improved systems to eliminate technical incidents, particularly important for systems running 24-7.
Took the initiative to create tools to improve development efficiency by reducing repetitive work.

Additional Experience
Abacus 247 LLC, Phoenix, AZ
CTO and Managing Partner, 2001-2020
As a founding partner, lead the design and development of a comprehensive and innovative multi-channel e-commerce software tool set with in-house CRM, order processing, warehouse automation, shipping cost optimization, rule-based listing launch, profitability analysis, exception warnings, and purchasing automation tools
Key Achievements:
Successfully led the company to #426 on Inc. Magazine’s 2006 list of the top 500 fastest growing US private companies, with inclusion on the 2007 and 2008 top 5000 list.
Launched a Serbian-based office, delivering online marketing and award-winning 24/7 customer service on a global scale.
Interfaced proprietary technologies with multiple payment gateways and data management systems, including PayPal, Braintree, Paymentech, Amazon, Authorize.net, QuickBooks, and Xero.
Cortix, Inc., Phoenix, AZ
CTO and Director
Designed highly successful products and websites, developing and leading an expert development team.
Key Achievements:
Designed and launched an industry-first web-based price comparison site with merchant ratings, site received more vendor ratings than Bizrate.
Created one of the earliest eCommerce websites, Alix.com, a worldwide platform for memory card sales and distribution.
Sold Cortix to ShopNow.com, a publicly traded company, at the height of the Internet Boom
Cirrus Computers, Fareham, UK, Manchester, UK, and Phoenix, AZ
CEO and Managing Director
Formed the company in Fareham, UK with one partner. Created, implemented, and built teams to deliver Electronic Test tools and programming for major aerospace companies and other clients. Moved to Phoenix, AZ and personally sold software products to major US companies.
Key Achievements:
Pursued and won major client contracts, including programming services for Hughes, Litton, Collins Radio, and NCR, among other major and minor businesses.
Sold all three Cirrus companies to GenRad, Inc, a publicly traded company with a long and storied history as an electronic pioneer.

Technical Proficiencies
Development:
C#, JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular, HTML, CSS, C, SQL, Embedded System Design, Electronic Circuit Design, Terraform, Microsoft Office API/SDK, Google APIs/SDK,
Tools:
Visual Studio, Web Applications, Desktop Applications and Services, SQL Server, Azure, AWS, Arduino IDE, Accounting Software

Education and Credentials
Master of Arts in Mechanical Sciences, Electrical Option
Trinity College, Cambridge, UK
Professional Development
Management Leadership Course - Caltech, CA, US
Executive Edge - University of Arizona, AZ, US
Professional Affiliations
NMRA Clinic Presenter - Introduction to Arduino, Introduction to 3D printing

Inventor of several technological patents. Details upon request.
Contact this candidate