RICHARD H. BROADBENT
**** ***** ***** ■ Modesto, CA. 95356 ■ 209-***-**** ■ adudpv@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Production & Engineering manager for 17 years. 26 years with the same company BV Thermal Systems, AKA – BayVoltex Corporation. Strong interpersonal skills with innate ability to motivate employees and ensure goals are completed. Team player with long history of successfully managing multi-departmental organization manufacturing custom and standard products in the same factory. Operated in a high stress environment, daily interacting with many branches of the U.S. Govt. and international organizations and corporations such as Intel, Lawrence Livermore and Oakridge National Laboratories, Keysight Technologies, (AKA – HP), General Motors and the N.I.S.T. in new project technical reviews, budgets, timelines, quality reviews and overall project presentation and quotations. Managed the manufacturing and facility utilizing Lean Manufacturing techniques, planned all workflow. Instituted continuous product improvement program and safety program resulting in over 100% profitability increases and 71% reduction in safety incidents. Areas of Expertise
Personnel Management Continuous Improvement Laboratory Lean Manufacturing Product Design & Management Engineering Quality Control Cost Control Strategies Technology Refrigeration Semiconductor Fluid Chemistry
Select Accomplishments
Successful remote worker for the past 6.5 years as Sales Engineer / Technical and Managerial Consultant to the BV Thermal Systems Division of Budzar Industries
Worked my way up to the top of the company in 5 years while going to school at night.
Sought out by Lawrence Livermore Laboratories to design and manage their National Ignition Facilities, (NIF) cooling systems project for the world's largest array of lasers aimed at creating fusion energy for the USA.
Lead R&D project to improve accuracy and reduce costs of manufacturing on all products that resulted in 75% less employees required, >100% profitability increases, >50% accuracy of product increase.
Created nationwide network of service companies to support mobile MRI trailers utilizing our combination fluid and air-conditioning systems to support GE MRI systems.
For 17 years created all engineering and documents for all product including refrigeration, electrical controls, computer / PLC controls, plumbing and piping and packaging schematics.
Wrote all product manuals, Final Test Documents, quality documents and department defining documents. Professional Experience & Achievements
BV Thermal Systems – Modesto, Ca. 1996 – Present
Sales Engineer / Technical & Managerial Advisor 2016 – Present Operations & Engineering Manager 1999 - 2016
Positions Held: Sales Engineer / Technical & Managerial Advisor 5.5 years, Operations & Engineering Manager 17 years, U.S. Service Support Manager / Technician 2.5 years, Service Technician 1.5 years, Shipper 0.5 year
While performing sales as my primary role I advised the corporate offices in Willoughby, Ohio daily on various technical and managerial aspects of the manufacture and design of our standard and custom fluid
“chiller”products.
Inside and outside sales of chillers for all industries with special focus on Laboratory, Lasers, Medical, Semiconductor, Educational and High Technology applications.
From June 1999 to September 2016 I handled and made all sales coming into the company by working with the customer from the first contact to determine their technical needs and work with their special circumstances.
Managed all personnel and departments, met bi-weekly with all departments keeping all product time lines and special projects on track for on-time shipment.
Maintained a 6 – 8 week lead time for all standard products which were often specialized with anyone of up to 126 different optional variations.
Managed and performed all engineering including schematic and drawing creation in AUTOCAD for refrigeration, electrical, packaging, plumbing and controls drawings.
Utilizing department managers I guided all areas of the the company including these departments, wiring, weld and fabrication, production (mechanical assembly), office-financial, final test and sales departments.
Managed between 15 to 78 employees from 1999 to 2016 while performing all engineering and writing all product manuals, final test documents, schematics for electrical and PLC (computer) controls, plumbing, refrigeration and piping layouts, packaging for all sub-systems.
Directed the company financially for 7 years between 2007 and the sale in 2014.
In 1999 I spear-headed a R&D project to capture the real costs of our products and to create more accurate, +/- 0.1C, temperature control on all products to keep us competitive. This lead to me taking over the engineering department and recreating our entire standard product line and all custom products over the next two years.
In three years I increased the profitability of all products by more than 100%.
In two years through product redesign I reduced the number of required full time employees from 78 to 40. This was maintaining the then current sales level of $6 – 6.5 million annual sales. This was achieved by utilizing off the shelf control products vs. in-house made custom controls boards. Another key aspect of this was moving to predesigned product cabinets and outsourcing them to C&C metal shops over custom making every frame and panel package in-house with a new set of drawings and design on every sale. We still retained fully custom packaging capabilities but were able to downsize this from 20+ fabricators to 2 fabricators by use of premade packaging produced in volumes of 10 – 50.
Another key factor in reducing production time and complexity was utilizing a refrigeration and plumbing layout of my creation that ensured +/-0.1C temperature stability while simplifying the layout of every product to one which could be followed by any employee rather than “experts” who would take days for a single layout. My new “layout” system sped up system layout from days to minutes.
Lead the Final Test department to set up our most complex equipment and debug manufacturing issues. Malcolite – Hayward, Ca. 1993 – 1995
Warehouse / Production Manager
Managed very small, 3 people, warehouse and production staff fulfilling lighting cover orders. Production consisted of cutting lighting cover materials to size and assembling associated borders, frames and specialized lighting covers to each individual order.
Professional Development
Company Courses & Seminars
JIT * Conflict Resolution * Supplier Relationships * Lift Truck / Manlift * Forklift * Team Building * Diversity Hazmat * Environmental Health & Safety * Third Party Inspection * Process Manufacturing * Best Practices Certifications
Universal Refrigeration – EPA, Forklift
Education
Five years Junior College, Chabot Jr. College – 2.5 years Core Courses, Modesto Jr. College- 2.5 years, Business Administration, Refrigeration, Electronics
Contact this candidate