Collin Reeves
**** * *********
Mesa, AZ *****
adue5d@r.postjobfree.com
602-***-****
Qualifications Summary:

Oversight of Class A office, data center, and warehouse maintenance operations
Comprehension of all electrical support systems (UPS, Generators, ATS, transformers, switchgears)
Operational knowledge and repairs of large HVAC equipment (chillers, CRAC/CRAH, heat exchangers, water towers)
Involved in every aspect of building day to day operations
Working knowledge of capital and maintenance budgets
Easily adapts to new technology and practices
Excellent customer service skills
Computer skills including Microsoft Word, Outlook, Bac-net, Andover, Delta, Angus, CMMS
Staff oversight and daily task delegation
Oversight of major building improvement projects
Experienced technical trainer

Work History:

CBRE- Chief Building Engineer Supervisor – 2019 - 2021

As the Chief Building Engineer Supervisor, I was responsible for the day-to-day engineering operations of one of the largest Arizona trophy commercial assets Renaissance Square. My responsibilities involved oversight of all major capital and tenant improvement projects, performing and delegating work orders and preventive maintenance programs, and working together with the property management leaders to ensure first class delivery in all aspects of our services. My supervision duties included oversight of 5 direct reports, as well as various vendor partnerships including parking, janitorial, security, and other building services at the busy downtown Class A high-rise. I was also responsible for the purchasing, contracting, and competitive bidding for third party services through the P2P procurement platform, I am proficient in Angus, Building Engines, CapTrax, and detailed variance reporting for client direct executive reports. My passion is mentoring staff, both as direct reports for technical skill enhancement, as well as peer mentoring for career development. I was a CBRE New Employee Companion, team mentor, participated in the annual Engineering Performance Review Goal Setting Committee, and worked closely with the Managing Director for new project review to include maintenance strategies and best practices. During this time, I was also on the Gateway Community College Board to support the recruitment, mentoring, and job placement of up-and-coming technical talent in the workplace. I have a strong background in Due Diligence evaluation and capital planning for new asset acquisitions and was previously a lead consultant for the CBRE leadership team on challenging assessments. I also have a passion for sharing operational and economic outcomes with our clients through Case Studies and presentations.

Significant accomplishments at Renaissance Square included conversion from legacy pneumatic controls to DDC, complete energy retrofits of lighting and programming on a floor-by-floor schedule, complete building upgrade from J fuses, total transformer changeout and upgrade, and complete replacement of 5 obsolete centrifugal chillers resulting in an operational savings of over $300,000 annually.

Hines- Engineering Manager July 2018- 2019

Tasked with overseeing all Hines Phoenix engineering teams, including advancing their knowledge and growing the teams. Rejuvenated the quarterly Engineering meetings by setting up lunch and learns and keeping all the Arizona engineers engaged in the market. Oversaw 10 direct reports and assisted in the advancements and training of 13 other engineering professionals, this included building tours, building assessments, and career advancement understanding, totaling just under 2.5 million rentable square feet. With Hines I was able to enhance my skills of building budgets by doing all utility gross up calculations, capital budgets, 5-year capital plans and operational budget for 6 different buildings, including client presentations. I was responsible for the day-to-day engineering operations of Hines’ largest Arizona assets Renaissance Square and American Airlines buildings, which involved all major projects, monitoring work orders and preventive maintenance programs.

CBRE – Chief Building Engineer – 2017- 2018

Oversight of two Class A buildings equaling 322,000 rentable sq. ft., garage and recreational area on campus. Manager over Building engineering, also a part of two CBRE mentoring programs where I helped develop new chiefs to bring them up to Company standards. Responsible for maintaining energy savings, parts ordering and inventory, engineering budgets, engineering training and development. Main point of contact for all Vendors and General contractors. Crucial part of writing and creating a building standard and operation procedure for general contractors and vendors on property. Accountable for proper operation of 6 water towers and 290 water source heat pumps in the building. Created, initiated and monitor Preventative maintenance program and work order system for engineer staff and building tenants. In charge of most RFP’s for the properties, have written scopes of work for RFP’s to meet building standards. Maintain excellent relationships with the tenant, service partners, landlords and engineering team.

ISS – Engineering Manager, GoDaddy Regional Portfolio, 1.2 million sq. ft., 2016-2017
ISS – Facilities Manager, GoDaddy Gilbert, 175,000 sq. ft. office, 2015-2016

Main point of contact for all engineering and maintenance for all GoDaddy locations, including Office, Warehouse and Data Center. Duties include oversight of all mechanical repairs and preventive maintenance, performed for HVAC, Including CRAC/CRAH (Leibert and Emerson units), plumbing, and electrical (including ATS, UPS, Generator, PDU’s, transformers). Main point of contact for all MDF and IDF responsibilities within the portfolio. Duties also have included coordination of Server room start-ups, installs, and moves including scheduling of data center techs. Responsible for all tenant requests such as procurement of tenant and facilities consumables, modular work station maintenance, and event logistics coordination. Manage a staff of 20 building professionals. Responsibilities include HR management of staff, recruiting, hiring, training and development, site placement and performance counseling. Additional responsibilities include oversite of major tenant and building improvement projects, long term capital planning, establishing predictive and reactive protocols, as well as technical review of staff work product.

CBRE – Lead Building Engineer 2010-2015

Maintained the operations of all building aspects, Oversee and run crews, locate contractors for jobs, collected bids from multiple contractors and make decisions on proposals that best suit the project/owner/facility, facilitate completion of jobs in a timely matter, preform repairs and install on electrical including ballast and fixture, plumbing including soldering pipes, also preformed drywall, paint, flooring repairs, Direct responsibility to perform all HVAC repairs in house. Responsible for material/budget logs for multiple job sites Perform all building maintenance and most repairs in house on building equipment, set-up and logged records of energy usage in Energy Star for multiple facilities, Handled tenant and ownership work orders in a timely manner. Assisted in administration responsibilities including, creating call logs, emergency plans, reviewing janitorial orders, setting up preventive maintenance logs, contract negotiations, and maintaining evidence of vendor insurance.

1.5 million sq. ft. retail, office campus- Oversaw a maintenance staff of four professionals, which included assigning day to day operation tasks, verify proper training and provide counseling of career paths. Assisted chief engineer with all aspects of the property inspections including but not limited to checking property, getting proper bids in place and creating solutions to deficiencies. Other duties included establishing new procedures for property, creating preventive maintenance programs, generating contracts with vendors, writing scope of works for vendors and maintenance staff, verified proper recycling programs and maintained inventory of parts.
Class “A” Primer Property Campus Portfolio- Worked on a team with six maintenance professionals on a one million rentable square foot campus, with a 50,000 square foot association. Helped facilitate and performed daily maintenance on four High rise buildings and campus grounds. HVAC system maintenance consisted of a mix of heat pumps and air handlers. Assisted in mentoring team members to CBRE standards. Helped oversee and train maintenance professionals. Assisted in most day to day operations for the equipment and buildings I was assigned to. Aided in overseeing the advancement of maintenance technicians skill level.
Class “A” Suburban Office Portfolio- Independent oversight of a new 2000,000 square foot facility, including a 15,000 square foot central plant. Ran two centrifugal Trane chillers for the property equaling 1000 tons and 750 tons that fed 3 Hunter Air handlers with fan walls, monitored and controlled VAVs throughout property. HVAC maintenance was handled in house, and chillers were cooled by two water towers, 500 hundred tons each. Start up efforts of the newly constructed facility included creating all operational procedures and maintenance logs.
Government Medical Portfolio- Brand new building, helped perform building start-up, worked independently and with build-out superintendent. Building had two 250 ton York chillers air cooled which fed 2 Air handlers located on the roof, monitored and controlled all VAVs throughout property. Specialty HVAC systems included building water ionization system that involved weekly testing and reporting. Worked closely with Government officials and medical professionals on this sight with multiple regulations and procedures, including HIPA regulations.
Medical Portfolio- Worked on a two man team splitting responsibilities for 5 medical facilities totaling 300,000 square feet, all buildings had water source heat pumps throughout, water towers around three hundred tons for each property and make up air units. Ran facility off an outdated Bac Net system that controlled most of the heat pumps and towers. High maintenance expectations were delivered, including following regulations and HIPA regulations.

Education:
Refrigeration Services Institute (RSI), Phoenix, Arizona
Mesa Community College, Mesa, Arizona
East Valley Institute of Technology, Mesa, Arizona

Awards and Certifications:
Universal CFC certification
CBRE Building Engineer of the Year 2012
CBRE Engineer of the Year in a Leadership Role 2020
Contact this candidate