BTECH-CHEMICAL GRADUATE WITH VIVEK.S
*.* YEARS EXPERIENCE IN PRODUCTION aduf25@r.postjobfree.com
801-***-****
CAREER OBJECTIVE
A challenging Career which offers an opportunity to apply my skills knowledge with continuous learning and growth.
Professional Summary
Preparation updatation and implementation of standard operating procedure for different activities.
Implementation of GMP norms in daily production activities.
Execution of equipment qualification.
Responsible for execution and completion of daily production plan.
Planning of raw material and man power for daily production.
Supervise the batch startup, monitoring the process and equipment cleaning.
Online documentation and strictly follow the SOP.
Should have good communication skill to co- ordinate with internal stake holders like warehouse, QA, QC, Maintenance to meet daily production plans.
Preparation and updatation of batch manufacturing records considering the regulatory requirements.
Monitoring Production, Yield and Abnormalities on daily basis.
Eliminating downtime and quality issue by Root cause analysis.
Expertise in handling Reactor capacity from liter to KL, Centrifuge, dryer.
Carrying out unit operation like Filtration, Crystallization, Distillation, Extraction and Drying.
To prioritize and practice the safety principles and company policies in factory premises.
Monitoring of housekeeping and self-hygiene practices SKILLS
Minitab
MS office
MS excel
EXPERIENCE
From: DEC-2020 to till the date Sun Pharmaceutical Industrial Limited
Coordinated production work between the shift by completing checklists and documenting update .
Observed production work and made corrective action to optimize the performance.
Supervised chemical process and SS and GLR reactor to prevent overload and avoid malfunction.
Planed organized managed the operation including ordering the material and supply work flow management for timely production.
Communicated daily productivity and shipment reports for all production department.
Reporting about daily Feedback of process activity to plant manager. From: APR 2019 to Nov-2020 Tagros Chemical Private Limited
Performed in distillation, hydrolysis, and extraction.
Verified parts of materials through audit inspection and independent check.
Implemented Safety and accident prevention programs for each product.
Controlled engineering activities to maintain work standards, adhere to timeline and meet quality assurance target.
Providing work permit based on nature of the work making records of all GMP documents. ACHIEVEMENTS
Six Sigma Green Belt Holder
EDUCATION
Degree/Course University/Board Percentage/CGPA Year of Passing B Tech (chemical
engineering)
Paavai Engineering
College
7.67
2019
HSC
Govt Higher Secondary
School
86.08
2015
SSLC
Govt Higher Secondary
School
84.8
2013
STRENGTH
Adopting to any environment easily, Team player
PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth
Address
09/APRIL/1998
193, Main road,Mallapuram(post),Kumbakonam(Taluk),Thanjavur (Dist) Tamilnadu,612201.
Gender Male
Nationality India
Marital Status Single
Languages Known Tamil, English
Contact this candidate