Layton Chirwa
Field & Projects Engineer
Phone: +27-76-401-****
+1-571-***-**** Email: adug80@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIP
International Council of System Engineering (INCOSE) SA Chapter Membership Number: 277000
Engineering Council of South Africa (ECSA)
Candidate Engineering Technologist Number: 202******* EDUCATION
Masters of Science (MSc) in Engineering Management University of Pretoria (2020-2022)
Bachelor of Science (BSc) in Engineering and Technology Management University of Pretoria (2018-2019)
Bachelor of Technology (BTech) in Mechanical Engineering University of South Africa (2015-2016)
Diploma in mechanical engineering
[Harare Polytechnic, Zimbabwe] (2004-2006)
National certificate in fitting including machining
[Harare Polytechnic, Zimbabwe] (2000-2002)
CAREER-RELATED EXPERIENCE
Research: University of Pretoria, International Council of System Engineers (INCOSE)
Researched the extent of System Engineering practice and adoption in Narrow reef mining. Topic: Technology Readiness and Maturity in Narrow Reef Mining in the Context of Systems Engineering. INCOSE SA (16th INCOSE SA Conference, 2022). System Engineering and Project Management: AECI Mining
Projects completed within budget, time, and scope: o Dwarsrivier Chrome mine blasting delivery systems (Manufacturing, functional testing, and commissioning) (South Africa, June &July 2022). o Rosh Pinah mine blasting delivery system (Manufacturing, functional testing, and commissioning). (Namibia, August 2022).
o Khomaecau Copper mine up-hole charging application project, 1004 pump parameter, and delivery assessment (Manufacturing, functional testing, and commissioning). (Botswana, February to May, and October 2022). SKILLS AND INTERESTS
Dedicated, reliable, experienced Field and Projects Engineer with excellent hands-on and expertise in Underground Blasting Systems (UBS). Capabilities, competencies, and extensive knowledge on Asset management, Technology management from concept, design, development, and licensing to commissioning of assets and technologies. Passionate about System engineering, System of systems, System of interest, and user requirement specification definition as solution components to market needs and constraints. Skilled to build positive, cohesive relationships with teams and providing mentoring to crews while adhering to strict safety measures associated with engineering artefacts. Extensive experience in underground mining equipment and plants, self-directed and self-motivated to take on new challenges and opportunities in managing engineering technology. CORE COMPETENCIES
Safety management and initiatives
o Hazard and operability (HAZOP), Root Cause Analysis (RCA), Failure Mode and Effect Analysis (FMEA), Hazard Identification and Risk Analysis (HIRA).
Preventative and Predictive maintenance system strategies and tactics o Time Based Maintenance (TBM), Condition Based Maintenance (CBM), Failure Based Maintenance (FBM), and Reliability Centred Maintenance (RCM).
Technology management (Cradle to grave system Life Cycle approach and asset management (Commissioning, operation, maintenance, disposal). o Asset Register and asset Hierarchy management.
o Inventory replenishment, control, and management.
Project management
o Development of a business case
o Value and benefits management
o Cost-benefit analysis
o Planning and control management
o Risk management
Leadership and decision making
Flexibility, adaptability, and sensitivity in demanding situations
Willingness to involve teamwork and relation building
Striving to meet set goals through planning, problem-solving, and communication skills. PROFESIONAL EXPERIENCE
AECI Mining Services: February 2022 – To date
1. Field & Projects Engineer
Responsibilities
Decomposition of User Requirements.
Generation of Request For Service (RFS).
Contractor assessment.
Verification and Validation of system development.
Workshop functional testing and licensing requirements.
Client commissioning and signing off.
2. Engineering Lead
Responsibilities
Knowledge transfer to AECI Southern African Global operations on technical and operational needs.
Ensuring that AECI plants and equipment adhere to Health & Safety requirements in the region.
Ensuring Equipment availability, maintainability, Operability, and Reliability).
Management of asset maintenance activities (hydraulics, mechanical and electrical). o Continuous improvement on online and offline activities.
Generation and reviewing of system documentation o Ad hoc, Corrective and Preventative maintenance strategies. Key Deliverables:
Oversight of legal inspections and legal paperwork.
Front-end spares audit, replenishment, and control.
Oversight of product calibration requirements.
Oversight of Trip and Density Tests on equipment
Assessment and oversight of installations, maintenance, and inspections.
Assessment and inspection of underground emulsion bulky storage systems. 3. Plant Artisan
Lonmin: [Merensky Concentrator]: October 2011 – November 2012 Key Deliverables:
Maintenance of conveyor belts, belt magnets, and cone crushers.
Maintenance of the milling section (Rod and ball mills), gearboxes, and hydraulic pump station.
Maintenance of floatation cell section, screens, pumps, piping, dosing pumps, etc. 4. Plant Artisan
Glencore: [Pelletizing plant]: September 2009 – September 2011 Key Deliverables:
Maintenance of conveyors (belt installations, idlers, pulleys, tracking, and safety system)
Maintenance of Induced draught and Forced draught Fans including alignment (precision tools and laser alignment)
Maintenance ball mill, liner replacement, hydraulic pump station
Maintenance of Bucket Elevators, pug mills, and Kiln. 5 Turbine Fitter
Rotek Engineering: [Eskom Power Stations]: 06/06/2008 - 30/09/2009 Key Deliverables:
Machining, grinding, and milling of turbine components.
Precision measuring of components using precision instruments.
Inspections, Non-destructive testing and valve lapping. Other knowledge
OHS policy: Occupational Health and Safety Regulations
ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management System
ISO 15288:2015 Technical processes
References
1. Cobus Vermaak.
AECI Global Systems Engineering Manager
adug80@r.postjobfree.com
+27-82-576-****
2. Maxwell Mulaudzi.
Explosive Engineer Rustenburg Sales Office
adug80@r.postjobfree.com
+27-71-491-****
3. Unathi Ufotyo.
Sibanye Bathopele Mechanical Engineer
adug80@r.postjobfree.com
+27-83-883-****
Contact this candidate