Jeffrey Allen Ullmann
aduni1@r.postjobfree.com
https://ullmann.com
+1-408-***-****
*** *. ******** ******
Sunnyvale, CA 94086
Summary of Skills

IT Operations Management
Global Team Management
User Management
Licensing
Security
Build Systems
Digital Certificates

Workspot, Inc.
IT Operations Manager
December 2016 - June 2022
Sourced, qualified and managed network contractors for local maintenance.
Assigned and prioritized tasks of operations team members.
Initiated and developed new cloud environments in support of the company’s development processes,
including multiple cloud environments for global sales and support staff.
Monitored for and investigated security breaches. Remediated when necessary. Recommended and implemented changes in processes.
Sourced, evaluated, and implemented a secure password management and sharing system, including Single Sign-On and the identification and elimination of potential malicious access or attacks.
Sourced, purchased, and managed internet domains, cloud based and local name servers. Configured Azure and GCP as redundant name servers for primary domain.
Created user onboarding and separation process. Worked with HR to coordinate and verify onboarding was SOC compliant.
Managed users in multiple environments including Active Directory, Azure AD, Google Workspaces/G-Suite, GCP and AWS.
Created and managed cloud-based Windows AD environment and desktops
Installed and managed Jira Service Desk ticket tracking system for the company. Created custom workflows and other modifications, as necessary.
Created and maintained a secure, distributed multi-OS build environment using Jenkins. Single Jenkins Server controlled and reported build status for Windows, MacOS, iOS, and various Linux distributions.
Developed and managed PKI infrastructure, including signing Windows releases for release, internal CA, certificates for Workspot and customer resources and S/MIME among others.
Worked with developers to define use internal and customer facing security protocols.
Identified, set up and managed data center (racks in co-location provider) for hosting servers used by development and QA.
Investigated email and services security breaches, remediated when necessary, and implemented changes to processes.
GDPR and SOC IT and user onboarding/offboarding audits.
Put in place correct certificates for web servers and gateways, digitally signing email, and signing code for release binaries.
Sourced, purchased and distributed all digital certificates.
Sourced, purchased and installed certificates from DigiCert and Let's Encrypt to appropriate servers and gateways.
Teamed with engineering to design system to automatically request and install certificates on gateways.
Set up secure build system to automatically code sign all Windows binaries.
Signed all release binaries with Extended Valuation (EV) certificates
Managed the acquisition and updating of licenses used internally, lifecycle management of infrastructure hardware assets, software assets and software licenses
DTex Systems
Senior QA Engineer
2015 - 2016
Extended the companies Jenkins build environment to automate initial install tests on all supported Windows platforms (Windows 7, Windows 8.1, Windows 10, both x86 and x64) onto clean OS's.
Automated signing installers with EV certificates as part of the build process.
Reduced environment validation and set up time from 2-3 days to 2 hours. This reduced the time necessary to bring customers on-line and allowed more comprehensive testing by developers and QA.
Scripted multi-step tests for installation, including necessary reboots. This allowed install tests to be triggered by the build process.
Identified and documented process for customizing DTex Windows msi package for individual customers, including using Windows GPO and third-party enterprise managers.
Wrote C code and updated the Windows installer package to allow the DTex application to correctly hook into the system during installation.
Converted manual process of creating an installable 'zip' file to an automated process. While also adding company branding and logo.
Palo Alto Networks
Software Quality Assurance Engineer
2011 - 2014
In charge of testing network protocol stack (OSI Layers 2 thru 7) as handled by Palo Alto Network devices.
Reproduced customer specific networking environment to validate fixes of reported problems.
Verified fixes of patch releases of PANOS before general release. This was for all supported features and protocols.
Created tests and infrastructure for MFA using TOTP (Time-based One-Time Password) protocol.
Citrix Systems, Inc.
Manager Engineering Services
2006 - 2010
Managed team of 21 QA engineers in the USA and India across 5 projects. Responsible for providing ongoing training and mentoring of team members, and annual performance reviews. Reviewed group’s workflows, statuses, test cases.
Oversaw issues found with testing and reported by the fields. and worked with stake holders to prioritize fixes.
Created and managed multiple Windows client and Linux virtual appliance build systems. Systems automatically built, packaged for delivery, and ran initial smoke tests after code check-in.
Created and implemented a fully automated (hands off) build environment for both Windows applications, Xen Virtual appliances, and VMware virtual appliances. Builds automatically triggered by developer's check-in, outputs consisted of Windows installer package, Linux RPM, Xen appliance, VMWare appliance, and running virtual machines in the QA lab.

Additional skills
Tools
Collaboration Platforms
Office 365
Microsoft Teams
Google Workspaces (G-Suite)
Environments
Windows Server
Windows Desktop
Active Directory
Azure AD
Linux configuration - multiple distributions
MacOS
Cloud Platforms
Azure
Azure AD
GCP
AWS
Virtualization Environments
Hyper-V
VMWare
Nutanix
AWS

Multiple issue (bug) tracking systems
Phone & Conferencing Tools
Microsoft Teams
Microsoft Teams Rooms
Zoom Chat
Google Meet
RingCentral
Slack
Atlassian
Jira
Jira Service Desk
Status Page
Internet Protocols
DNS
HTTP
HTTPS
RDP
SSH
IPSEC
SAML (Security Assertion Markup Language)
TOTP (Time Based One-Time Password)
PKI Certificates
VLAN

SMTP
IMAP
POP
SSL
S/MIME

Languages and Scripting
PowerShell
Wireshark/tcpdump
JavaScript
C/C++
BASH
Python

Operating Systems Experience
Windows Desktop
Windows Server
MacOS
iOS

Ubuntu/Debian
CentOS/Fedora
FreeBSD

Education
The Evergreen State College
Bachelor of Arts - Computer Science
Student Originated Software
Golden Gate University
Postgraduate project management courses
Contact this candidate