AFSANEH JABBAR, P.E.
Redwood City, CA
405-***-****
aduwcd@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE Environmental/Energy Efficiency/ Health/safety/ Executive

SUMMARY
Over 15 years background in managing water resources projects, water and wastewater permitting related activities including tracking compliance with the applicable permit, acquiring water right permit, responding appropriately to emergency situations, operation of 40 mgd water and 30 mgd wastewater plants including budget preparation and execution.
Led environmental permitting and regulatory compliance efforts for site selection and environmental impact studies, designed pilot study to demonstrate the inapplicability of existing limits to the current situation and influenced obtaining more favorable permit limits, saving $6 M in capital expenditure.
Identified and analyzed project associated risks and developed alternative strategies for conserving natural resources and managing land use, thus meeting compliance requirements while avoiding cost.
Over 10 years of experience with establishing human resources training and leadership programs. As a regulator, managed 10 engineers and as a senior manager, managed the activities of six superintendents, two chemists, two biologists, several engineering firms and contractors.
Led transition of 9 water and wastewater treatment plants across 3 cities, 9 landfills across 8 counties from non-compliance to compliant status through environmental awareness, education and monitoring.
Experience in EHS areas of Biosafety, water, wastewater, industrial and medical waste, respiratory PPE compliance, industrial safety and/or chemical handling, EAP development, and EPA Audit.
Demonstrated ability to interpret complex regulatory issues and provide recommendation including overseeing facilities’ mechanical, controls, monitoring, and fire-life safety systems compliance with all governmental regulatory operating guidelines.
Developed emergency response planning, response management by installing back up system.
Evaluated safety measures and developed SOPs to remain compliant with all OSHA and other safety related regulations. Monitored accident reports to ensure compliance with applicable regulations.
Reviewed and added accurate up to date SDS information to the safety manual for all chemicals. Participated in employee safety training and assured that documentation is up to date.
Over 15 years’ experience in scoping the condition assessment studies, reviewing the reports, establishing the permitting requirements, communicating the requirements, aligning these approvals within the project development timeframes, and coordinating the delivery of the requirements across multiple diverse teams, including design team, construction contractors, and operational officers.
Skilled at optimizing organizational processes, navigating various priorities, and achieving alignment across multiple disciplines.
Strong analytical skills and ability to use data and metrics to support decision making, negotiation, and propose alternative solutions effectively. Skilled in data management software, including excel.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
HSSE Senior Specialist 2021-present
CODEXIS
Designed, developed, implemented, and monitored company-wide health, safety, security, and environmental programs to ensure safety and compliance with regulatory requirements.
Built detailed knowledge of needs of the various research, development, and operations groups
Interfaced and facilitated cross-functional communications and encouraged a highly functioning positive working environment.
Developed Design Guidelines for construction of lab facilities and ventilation system
Senior Manager Water and Wastewater 2015 - 2019
Manager Water and Wastewater 2009 - 2015
City of Lawton, Oklahoma
Oversaw operational activities and managed capital improvement projects of water and wastewater treatment plants and water distribution division ensuring project delivery within budget and on time.
Facilitated the growth of the water resources, by diversifying its portfolio.
Established measurement, monitoring, and reporting strategies for environmental sustainability.
Developed, implemented, and enforced measures for maintaining safe operating practices.
Established and evaluated the impact of effective engagement on water and wastewater addressing relevant environmental and sustainability issues, such as energy use, resource conservation, and waste stream reduction.
Presented water improvement projects to public, council, and other stakeholders including coordination efforts with regulatory agencies.
Led strategy development with partners in site selection, sustainability, operations and construction.
Engaged in alternative strategy for energy procurement.

Superintendent of Water Plant 2008 - 2009
Managed the day-to-day operational activity of two water treatment plants including cost control activities and budget developments using Excel.
Managed the performance of direct reports by defining accountabilities, establishing performance objectives, provided counseling, feedback and guidance through performance evaluation process.

Manager Water/Wastewater 2007 - 2008
City of Valdosta, Georgia
Assisted in directing all activities and functions of water treatment, wastewater treatment, storm water management, water distribution, wastewater collection, and utility services.
Assisted in planning, organizing, and coordination of projects and budget.
Spearheaded strategy development with partners in site selection, sustainability, operations and construction.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
Senior Manager Utilities
City of Shawnee, Oklahoma
Directed all activities and functions including budget control of water treatment, wastewater treatment, solid waste collection, water distribution, wastewater collection, and utility services.
Planed, managed, and coordinated projects and personnel.
Establishing performance objectives, provided counseling, feedback and guidance through performance evaluation process.
Communicated information to proper media sources regarding construction, repair work, or emergency situations.

Engineering Manager
Oklahoma Department of Environmental Quality
Provided engineering management to 10 engineers and their activities related to industrial wastewater treatment, discharge, disposal and/or beneficial reuse in accordance with state and federal programs.
Managed the performance of direct reports by defining accountabilities, establishing performance objectives, provided counseling, feedback and guidance through performance evaluation.
Participated in issuance of permit to industries such as powerplants, refineries, quarries, aggregate manufacturers, chemical companies, and central HVAC companies.
Represented the Department in contacts with the public and public officials.

EDUCATION
M.S. Civil Engineering, University of Oklahoma, Norman, OK
B.S. Mechanical Engineering, University of Oklahoma, Norman, OK

PROFESSIONAL ACCREDITATION
Professional Engineer, State of Oklahoma
Contact this candidate