RESUME
Emmanuel G. Geremillo
Block ** lot ** calle 30 Xevera Subd, Bacolor, Pampanga
/adv59d@r.postjobfree.com Cell phone No. 092********
CAREER SUMMARY
Licensed Mechanical Engineer with specialization in the following:
● 10 years experience in project management in an electronic manufacturing company. Lead the company in the certification for ISO 13485 (Medical), EMS 14001, ISO 9001. Lead the company in constructing their 1 st
Cleaned Room- 100K
Class
● 5 years in the Lighting Industry. Established the LED line.
● 15 years experience in plastic manufacturing. Worked with different kinds of plastic material, familiar with different plastic processes from extrusion, thermoforming, compression, blow molding to injection molding. Deep knowledge in injection mould, thermoforming mould design, and fabrication. Lead the company in passing customer GMP and HACCP.- This experience was acquired working in Union Industries, Hawa- Mk(Production), Sidi- Saudi Cable(Production), S&J industry, Amtes Corporation and Cofta Moulding Corporation.
● Expert in problem-solving using the statistical process control, 7QC tools.
● With Knowledge of ERP System(SAP, PLM), CAD, SOLIDWORKS WORK EXPERIENCES
Starkson Packaging Inc. is a food packaging industry that is located Silang, Cavite January 2022-June 29, 2022
PLANT DIRECTOR
JOB DESCRIPTIONS:
a. To ensure targets and objectives within each department are met. b. Ensure that the key roles are staffed with people that can undertake their roles in the business and the roles are clearly defined and understood and all personnel are motivated and developed to achieve business objective
c. Ensures the safety and efficiency of personnel and equipment by implementing established policies, standards and procedures for the safe and efficient operation by regularly monitoring the plant efficiency and performance.
d. Directs the preparation and implementation of total maintenance program (electrical, mechanical, instrumentation) for generating units, equipment, support facilities and utilities to achieve the desired level of efficiency, availability, reliability, and safety of all the generating unit
e. Work with Manager and supervisor to appropriately staff and schedule employees for the current and anticipated workload to ensure production plan and quality expectations are consistently achieved
f. Ensures the implementation of approved Safety, Health, and Environment, and Security programs, policies, and procedures to protect the health, safety and the welfare of all site personnel
g. Readiness to evaluate alternatives and make a decision in the shortest time. h. Decides and approves alternate materials for production in coordination with the Warehouse and Purchasing of the original material is not available. i. Render decision on conflicts on quality standard offer considering the requirements with the customers, degree of tolerances samples, and opinion of the QC Manager/Director. Pilipinas Ecofiber Corporation has operations in the provinces of Laguna, Quezon and Albay
(all in the southern parts of Luzon island), processing fiber from coconut husks. It has new and emerging partnerships with coconut farming communities in Camarines Norte, Camarines Sur and Quezon provinces. PEC’s main office is located at Km. 79, Brgy. San Mateo, San Pablo City, 4000 Laguna, Philippines.
GENERAL MANAGER
COMPANY DESCRIPTIONS:
Pilipinas Ecofiber Corporation is a leading manufacturer in the Philippines of processed coco fiber and cocopeat.
May 20, 2019- Sept 30, 2021
JOB DESCRIPTIONS:
a. Prepare the annual plan and obtain approval from the board of directors. b. Develop and manage the strategies, plans and budget as agreed with the Management to achieve the organizational and financial objectives of the company. c. Oversees preparation of and assumes accountabilities for all reports to the Board of Trustees, as well as to external regulatory entities such as, but not limited to, the Insurance Commission, Securities and Exchange Commission, BIR, DOLE, and other agencies, as required
d. Takes the lead in presenting to the Board of Trustees matters concerning operational updates, output, deliverables, action plans, programs and recommendations, among others, of assigned Group
e. To ensure targets and objectives within each area of the business are met. f. Ensure that the key roles are staffed with people that can undertake their roles in the business and the roles are clearly defined and understood and all personnel are motivated and developed to achieve business objective
g. Ensures the safety and efficiency of personnel and equipment by implementing established policies, standards and procedures on the safe and efficient operation by regularly monitoring the plant efficiency and performance.
h. Directs the preparation and implementation of total maintenance program (electrical, mechanical, instrumentation) for generating units, equipment, support facilities and utilities to achieve desired level of efficiency, availability, reliability, and safety of all the generating unit
i. Working closely with account managers and other senior staff to retain clients and develop new clients to ensure that sales targets are met.
j. Work with Manager and supervisor to appropriately staff and schedule employees for the current and anticipated workload to ensure production plan and quality expectations are consistently achieved
k. Monitor cost-effectiveness of workload, material usage, payroll and miscellaneous cost. Implements Continuous Improvement Programs to achieve cost efficient operations l. Oversees the provision of HR services, financial services and supply management services to ensure that the needs of the plant are met
m. Ensures the implementation of approved Safety, Health, and Environment, and Security programs, policies and procedures to protect the health, safety and welfare of all site personnel
n. Readiness to evaluate alternatives and make decision in the shortest time. ENGINEERING MANAGER
COMPANY DESCRIPTIONS
Troycor Lighting is an American owned chandelier manufacturing company that is based in the Philippines.
March 2014- April 2019
JOB DESCRIPTIONS:
Product Development
a. Monitoring of all new Projects under development stage. b. Determines the documents and communicates project goals. Solicits milestone commitments from development team members and keeps consistency between milestone commitments and the overall project schedule. Addresses schedule issues when first detected. c. Communicate directly with the customer regarding ongoing projects. d. Manage development costs and product costs.
e. Communicates changes in Product Description, project schedule, project cost, or product cost to the development team.
f. To determine costs for ordering long lead-time parts to maintain schedules and assist with communicating the need for the long lead-time parts to the customer.
g. Develops contingency plans for critical processes in the schedule. i. Resolve project issues impacting the project’s success. Coordinates tasks to meet deliverables.
Process/Sustaining item
a. Ensure that all sustaining items are maintained and comply with customer requirements.
b. Strengthen and enhance internal processes to make more efficient, effectively identifying process improvement/re-engineering opportunities H3 Technology Philippines Inc.,
Bldg 20 Berthaphil Compound, Clark Freeport Zone, Pampanga May 26, 2010-February 2014
Engineering Manager/Compliance Manager/ Lead Auditor COMPANY DESCRIPTION:
H3 Philippines Inc. is a German-owned electronic-mechanical manufacturing company that is based in the Philippines.
JOB DESCRIPTIONS:
a. Start-up of Mechanical Switches (Infinity Switches) from Design, Prototype, Assembly Installation to Production Implementation. b. Overall responsible for Equipment Mechanical Design and Tooling Precision Reliability and Molding.
c. Overall responsible for product testing such as Mechanical, Electrical and Reliability Testing
d. Project Planning and Implementation on critical products such as Thermostat, CSI (Current sensitive Infinity) and VSI (Voltage sensitive Infinity) e. Manage project schedule. Coordinates tasks to meet deliverables COMPLIANCE MANAGER
a. Provide timely advice to management and the project team on environmental issues b. Implement all aspects of the Environmental Management Plan and ensure compliance c. Manage and modify systems of environmental monitoring and reporting d. Conduct impact assessments and devise risk management strategies e. Liaise with regulatory bodies in regards to environmental issues f. Identify and implement critical environmental corrective actions and recognize opportunities for improvement
Teletech Telesystem Incorporated
3F Liberty Building Domestic Road Pasay City Philippines July 20, 2005 – May 26, 2010
Senior Project Manager/ RDD Manager/Internal Quality Auditor COMPANY DESCRIPTION:
Teletech Telesystems Inc. is an electronic manufacturing company that is based in the Philippines. Some of the products of the company are the election machine, golf ball finder, medical equipment etc, etc and etc.
JOB DESCRIPTIONS:
a. Monitoring of all new Projects under development stage. b. Determines the documents and communicates project goals. Solicits milestone commitments from development team members and keeps consistency between milestone commitments and overall project schedule. Addresses schedule issues when first detected.
c. Manage project schedule. Coordinates tasks to meet deliverables. d. Communicate directly with the customer regarding ongoing projects. e. Manage development costs and product cost.
f. Communicates changes in Product Description, project schedule, project cost, or product cost to the development team.
g. To determine costs for ordering long-lead-time parts to maintain schedules and assist with communicating the need for the long lead-time parts to the customer.
h. Develops contingency plans for critical processes in the schedule. i. Resolve project issues impacting the project’s success. j. Forecasts resource needs and plans work schedules and reports this to the Overall RDD Manager (Pivot)
k. Facilitates communication among functions within enterprise l. Ensures that all Project concerns/issues are identified and properly addressed.
m. Follows the Design Control Process. This includes items such as: a. Verifying the product documentation is complete and accurate all component drawings, assembly drawings, test specification, BOM, etc.)
b. Prepares appropriate documentation to order long lead-time parts in advance of normal technical documentation following the Advanced Material Authorization Process.
Coordinates pilot run and first production run details ACHIEVEMENTS:
1. Lead the Construction of the First 100 K Cleaned Room for the Enterprise 2. Lead the Enterprise in certification for ISO13485 COFTA MOULDING CORPORATION
Valenzuela City, Philippines
October 2004- June 2005
MOULD MANAGER
COMPANY DESCRIPTION,
Cofta Moulding Corporation is the 1
st
manufacturing company in the Philippines of plastic monobloc chairs
JOB DESCRIPTION:
a. In charge of maintenance/rehabilitation of mould to attain the quality and target yield.
b. Establishes strategies to attain the target schedule during mould fabrication and repair.
c. Ensure that moulds are set up in time.
d. Involve in solving problems that arise during the process. e. Attain the manpower utilization target and efficiency target. f. Prompt and accurate mold status report.
g. Ensure the safety of all personnel during the operations. h. Initiate the improvement in the department with regards to process, quality and others.
ACHIEVEMENTS:
Initiate mold improvement to lessen material scrap rate without affecting the quality of the product.
AMTES
CORPORATION
Valenzuela City, Philippines
September 1997- August 2004
SENIOR PROCESS ENGINEER/PRODUCT ENGINEER
COMPANY DESCRIPTION,
Amtes Corporation is the leading manufacturer of various plastic packaging in the Philippines and in Asia Pacific. Specialized in thermoformed mould, vacuum mould, blow molding and injection moulding.
JOB DESCRIPTION:
. a. In charge of the preparation of the thermoforming design. b. Recommend machine, process and mold improvement to attain the product requirement without affecting the target production yield and quality from plastic extrusion, thermoforming, and printing to packaging. c. Involves in the preparation of procedure for ISO 9002. d. Coordinates with other departments regarding project planning, testing schedule and project status.
e. In charge of developing item process standards and product specifications. f. In charge of solving a critical problem regarding item, process or quality problem that arises during extrusion, thermoforming, cutting, printing and
\ packaging.
ACHIEVEMENTS:
1. Lead the company in converting blister pack scrap into good material for extruded polystyrene sheet
2. Lead the company in establishing the standard parameter per product. 3. Lead the company in reducing the cost of the first top 20 product based on sales
4. Lead the company in developing the first 1090mm EPS sheet for deep draw product
5. Lead the company in establishing the standard yield per product. S & J Industries Inc.
Quezon City, Phillippines September
1996- September 1997
MOULD DEPARTMENT IN CHARGE
COMPANY DESCRIPTION,
S & J Industries is a leading injection moulding plastic manufacturing company that provides its services for the appliances manufacturing company, car company and other manufacturing company
JOB DESCRIPTION:
a. In charge of preparation of injection design
b. Review and analyze problems involved in the fabrication of injection mould. c. In charge of the coordination with the customer regarding quality requirements of the product under new development. d. Involves process improvement to attain the target quality and yield. e. Coordinates with other departments regarding planning, testing schedule and project status.
f. Supervise the design and development group regarding project status, problem encounters and others.
ACHIEVEMENTS:
Established a 45 working days lead time for the fabrication of new mould regardless of the size and design.
SIDI –Saudi Cable
Jeddah, Saudi Arabia
1994-1996
REPLICATION TECHNICIAN
COMPANY DESCRIPTION,
SIDI-Saudi Cable is the 1
st
CD, DVD Manufacturing Company in the Middle East
JOB DESCRIPTION:
a. Handles product testing and establishes machine parameters for new products. b. Involves in the maintenance and repair of machinery in the replication department. These are sputtering machines, injection machines and other hydraulic/pneumatic machinery.
c. Involves in the maintenance and safekeeping of CD Master. d. Involves in the quality inspection of daily production. e. Involves in solving critical problem regarding the production of CD Hawa -MK
Damman, Saudi Arabia
1991-1992
PRODUCT SHOP SUPERVISOR
COMPANY DESCRIPTION,
Hawa-MK is a electrical accessories manufacturing company that located in the eastern Province of middle east.
JOB DESCRIPTION:
a. Attain target shift output.
b. Attain quality target from the compression machine, injection moulding, deflashing, metal stamping to assembly.
c. Ensure all machines are maintained and always in running condition from compression machine, injection machine and other machinery. d. Ensure all machines are off when not in use.
e. Maintain acceptable housekeeping rate of production area. f. Prompt and accurate production report.
g. Ensure the safety of all personnel during operation. h. Attain the set recovery rate of materials.
i. Attain manpower utilization target and efficiency target Union Industries Inc.
1274 Edsa Quezon City, Philippines September
1988- September 1991
Tool and Die Technician/ Production Supervisory Trainee COMPANY DESCRIPTION,
Union Industries Inc. is a leading appliance manufacturing company. Some of their product are stove, electric fan, washing machine and others
JOB DESCRIPTION:
a. Handles the repair, and fabrication of plastic mould, stamping die, machine parts, and others.
b. Production set up familiarization.
c. Under training in handling production personnel. TRAININGS AND SEMINARS ATTENDED
1. PROJECT MANAGEMENT TRAINING- July 4 and 11, 2017. Conducted by Kaizen Management System.
2. STRATEGIC PLANNING TRAINING- March 10,
2014. Conducted by Kaizen Management System
3. ENVIROMENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM- September 2011.
Conducted by DENR- Central Luzon.
4. ISO 9001 VER 2OOO Training for Internal Quality Auditor- May 28 and 29. Conducted by ITDI Personnel under Philippine Training Center of the Philipines. Seminar focuses on the following:
a. Iso 9001 ver 2000 Clauses
b. Behavior of the Auditor.
c. Method in Auditing
5. Uncertainties Determination and Industrial Calibration- April 28, 29 and May 6, 2000. Conducted by ITDI Personnel under Styroware Philippines. Seminar focuses on the following:
a. Measuring Equipment
b. Calibration of Different Measuring Equipment.
c. Method in Finding Uncertainties.
6. Statistical Technique- October – December 1999. Conducted by Total Management. The following topics were discussed
a. Method of Statistical Process Control.
b. Problem Solving.
c. Special Tools and Technique.
7. Sensitivity Training for Supervisor – February 19- 21, 1999. Conducted by Consultancy Habit.
8. Supervisory Training – September 1998. Conducted by Amtes HRD personnel.
9. Solid Works/ Parametric Modeler- Conducted by A. Andrade of Techno Products. Seminar focus on the use of solid work software 10. Tooled Alpha (Sweden)- October 21-26, 1995. Conducted by Eng’r. Wukland of Toolex Alpha. The seminar focused on the following topic: a. CD Manufacturing.
b. CD Mould Design
c. Plastic Injection Process
d. Troubleshooting
11. Multi- Media Master and Machinery (Switzerland)- October 27- November 9, 1995. Conducted by Eng’r. Decounes and conferred the following topics:
a. Injection Process
b. KOCH CD Quality System
c. PLC
e. Automation (Pick and Place)
f. CD Sputtering System
g. CD Manufacturing Process
h. Replication Process and Troubleshooting.
i. CD Manufacturing.
j. CD Mould Design
k. Plastic Injection Process
l. Troubleshooting
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Date of Birth : December 8, 1964
Age : 57 years Old Place
of Birth : Manila, Philippines
Citizenship : Filipino
Religion : Aglipayan
Status : Married
Height : 5FT 6 Inches
Weight : 62 kgs
Language : English, Tagalog
EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT
PRIMARY : Sto. Nino Parochial School
Quezon City, Philippines
SECONDARY : Mapua Institute of Technology
Manila, Philippines
1982
COLLEGE : Polytechnic University of the Philippines Manila, Philippines
1987
Course : Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering PRC License : Passed the Licensure Examination for Mechanical Engineering- March 1988
Character References:
1. Joyce Tasarra Admin/ Finance Manager H3 Technology PhilippinesInc., Bldg 20 Berthaphil Compound,
Clark Freeport Zone, Pampanga
091********
2. Ed Alop Operation Manager Nidec Subic
Subic Bay Zambales
093*-*******
3. Wanda Furton Assistant Finance Manager Troycor Lighting Corporation Industrial Estate 1-ES, MA Roxas
Hi-way, Clark FreePort Zone,
Pampanga
091********
Personal Identification:
Address : Block 33 Lot 58 Calle 30 Xevera Bacolor, Pampanga Sex
: Male
Date of Birth : Dec. 8, 1964
Status : Married
Nationality : Filipino
Height : 5’6”
Weight : 63 kg
Language Spoken : English and Tagalog
I hereby certify that the above foregoing statements are true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
Emmanuel G Geremillo
Contact this candidate