Curriculum Vitae
KEY EXPERIENCE
As an ambitious and capable individual, I have gained expertise in almost every corner of the construction profession in my overall 11+ years’ experience. QUALIFICATION
BE, Civil Engineering Anna University Chennai, Secured-7.9 CGPA.
Diploma, Civil Engineering, Chennai, Secured-88%
Proficient in AutoCAD, Microsoft office, Microsoft Excel and Outlook. ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES:
Responsible for administration of construction contract works, and prompt exchange of correspondence, submittals, and RFIs to all contractors.
Project Management responsibilities including all aspects of project from initial consultation with the client, planning, designing and obtaining approvals and structural permits.
Direct engineering activities ensuring compliance with environmental, safety, or other governmental regulations.
Review the contractor's progress at all times. Monitor the material incorporated in the work, the materials stored at the site, and the contractor's manpower and equipment.
Attend weekly, monthly, and other progress meetings held at the site as required. Identify constraints and recommend corrective measures.
Coordination with contractor’s supervisory personnel regarding schedule, sequence, and method of work.
Continuous inspections and consultation including the preparation of written and oral reports on contractual and procedural matters.
Assist QS team in negotiations with the contractor regarding the value of claims or changes in schedule and budget.
Review inspector's daily reports and preparation of engineer's daily diary, and general oversight of inspector's daily activities including works assignments,
Co-ordination with MEP, structural, architects &CRM. PRABAKAR.S B.E Civil
Project Manager.
Mobile No: +91-984*******
Email Id: advate@r.postjobfree.com
PRESENT EMPLOYER SALARPURIA SATTVA GROUP
Project-1 : Knowledge Point (Double basement+14 floors) Project value : 140crs INR (Commercial Project.)
Period : 2018 March to 2019 August.
Project- 2 : Aqua Vista (Double basement+22 floors) Project value : 115crs INR, (Residential Project)
Period : 2019 August to 2021 August.
Project -3 : Navaratna Residency (Double basement+14 floors) Project value : 95crs INR, Residential Project.
Period : 2021 August to 2023 January.
PREVIOUS EMPLOYER MFAR CONSTRUCTION (P) Ltd
Project -1 : Brigade Pinnacle (Double basement+22 floors) Project value : 97crs INR, (Residential Project)
Client : Brigade group.
Period : 2014 July to 2016 March.
Project -2 : Century Ethos (Double basement+22 floors) Project value : 192crs INR, (Residential Project)
Client : Century group.
Period : 2016 March to 2018
PREVIOUS EMPLOYER CHETTINAD BULDERS (P) Ltd.
Project -1 : CCR building & Cooler unit.
Project value : 232crs INR, (Residential Project)
Client : Chettinad cements
Period : 2011 April to 2014 June.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Name : PRABAKAR S
Fathers Name : Selvam P.
Date of Birth : July 08 1988
Sex : Male
Marital Status : Married.
Nationality : Indian.
Languages known : Tamil, English, Hindi.Kannada&Telugu. DECLARATION
The information furnished above is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. Date: (Prabakar. S)
Contact this candidate