ROBERT SZUMLICZ
advcyb@r.postjobfree.com
973-***-****

INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING / CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT PROFESSIONAL
Well-seasoned professional with demonstrated expertise in multiple industries. Experience optimizing processes utilizing Lean principles and methodologies. Proven results applying Continuous Improvement practices applying well developed analytical, technical and communication skills. Demonstrated success as project and team leader. Certified Green Belt/ Lean Six Sigma and DFSS.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Continuous Improvement Manager Gate Gourmet 2022 – Present
Manager of all continuous improvement and operations excellence programs and projects for a major food processing / preparing / packaging and catering facility servicing a major airline.
Successful completion of projects centered around 5-S, process layout, productivity analysis and improvement, visual management, OPEX standards compliance, single piece production and internal delivery service.

Manager, Industrial Engineering/ Wakefern Food Corp. 2008 – 2021
Retail Labor Management
● Accomplishments include the managing of continuous improvement projects totaling $50M over a three-year period. Results accomplished through application of new technology, introduction of lean best practices, value stream analysis, utilization of the Kronos Labor Scheduling system, warehouse re-slotting, 5-S methodologies, etc.
● Department ownership of the Kronos WorkForce Manager labor forecasting and scheduling system, including implementation, support, maintenance, configurations, performance measurement and analytics.
● Responsible for engineered labor standard development, maintenance, and time study validation, utilizing Standards Pro and Quetech software applications.
● Provide recommendations for optimizing labor utilization and improving efficiency on a regular basis while applying lean principles. Create productivity benchmarks and key performance indicators used for labor budgeting. Perform gap analyses and outline the necessary steps for eliminating waste and enabling sustained improvement.
● Member of Operations Excellence and Labor Sub Committees, both of which focus on productivity and continuous improvement opportunities, developing innovative solutions to operational inefficiencies throughout the organization centered around a Kaizen approach.

Manager, Industrial Engineering Pathmark Stores, Inc. 2000 – 2008
Major contributor to front end checkout redesign project resulting in $10 million annual reduction in labor expenses and increased throughput of the checkout process. Designed time studies to aid in equipment selection and determine new elemental time standards resulting in more efficient and precise schedules.
● Developed alternate front end checkout labor budgeting process resulting in an annual $1.6M labor savings. Designed and applied an Excel-based template incorporating store-specific checkout volume combined with operational time standards and performance metrics.
Integral part of team-based continuous improvement project resulting in $6 million annual store level labor savings. Key contributor in identifying target opportunities and developing objectives to accomplish goals. Provided analysis, Value Stream analysis, process review, labor standards and applied lean methodologies to determine best practices.

Page 1 of 2

Robert Szumlicz 973-***-****

Pathmark Stores, Inc. … continued
● Integral part of team-based continuous improvement project resulting in $6 million annual store level labor savings. Key contributor in identifying target opportunities and developing objectives to accomplish goals. Provided analysis, Value Stream analysis, process review, labor standards and applied lean methodologies to determine best practices.
● Directed project establishing new operational store-specific labor time standards utilizing Maynard’s Standards Pro software. The new labor standards allowed the company to realize a savings of $8 million annually. Project implementation required extensive data mining, OLAP and application of the MOST predetermined time system.
● Developed quarterly labor opportunity analysis providing store operations management with targets for reducing labor up to $1 million each fiscal quarter.

Senior Industrial Engineer Datascope Corporation 1998 – 2000
● Designed a new scrap tracking method and daily/weekly report using Excel and Monarch software resulting in $50K savings per year. Recreated scrap codes and allowed for more timely reaction to solving work in process problems.
● Developed new production layout utilizing time studies, work sampling, product flow analysis, relationship charts and CAD resulting in improved process flow and reduced material handling. Estimated savings of $75K annually.
● Managed the relocation of the shipping department to a new building, including developing warehouse and assembly/packaging layouts, and recommending equipment and conveyor purchases to improve warehouse efficiency.
● Member of Safety Committee. Reviewed safety issues and recommended design and procedure changes as part of a team to improve overall plant safety.

Senior Industrial Engineer Howmedica, Division of Pfizer, Inc., 1988 – 1998
● Redesigned process to manufacture orthopedic implant components resulting in $200K annual savings in labor and material. New process resulted in an overall leaner process, including three fewer production operations, a reduction in material waste, improved quality, and reduced rework.
● Team leader, Lead Time Reduction Team. Utilizing TQM guidelines and applying data analysis, cause-and-effect diagrams, process mapping and time study, achieved an average 40% reduction in lead time and 25% reduction in scrap through elimination of non value-added elements and waste, resulting in a leaner process for rework and inspection.
● Reduced labor costs for plastic component abrasive blasting operation $125K annually. New process introduced upgraded equipment along with component holding fixtures to reduce cycle time and improve quality of finished surfaces.

COMPUTER APPLICATION SKILLS
Advanced Excel Project Word Kronos Analytics Standards Pro
PowerPoint Microstrategy Quetech Visio MDC
Standards Pro CAD Access SACS Lucid Charts

EDUCATION
B.S., Industrial Engineering
New Jersey Institute of Technology

Certified Six Sigma Green Belt, Lean Six Sigma and DFSS
Certified MOST applicator. (Maynard predetermined time system)

Page 2 of 2
Contact this candidate