OANH P. NGUYEN
(U.S. Citizen)
Phone Number: 405-***-**** E-mail Address: advlqx@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
Detailed-oriented and bilingual chemical engineering professional seeking for opportunity to join a growing diverse industry while developing experience in professional environment. Ability to solve challenging problems and a quick learner. Obtained experiences in process design laboratory experiments.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, Chemical Engineering
University of Oklahoma, Oklahoma City, OK
May 2019 - December 2022
GPA: 3.8/4.0

Associate of Science, Pre-Engineering
University of Oklahoma, Oklahoma City, OK
January 2015 – May 2018
GPA: 3.8/4.0

HONORS/ACTIVITIES/SERVICE
Dean’s Honor Roll (University of Oklahoma, Fall 2019)
Vice President’s Honor Roll (Oklahoma City Community College, Fall 2017)
President’s Honor Roll (Oklahoma City Community College, Fall 2015)

COURSE HIGHLIGHTS
Process Design and Safety
Process Design Lab
Process Dynamic and Control
Physical and Organic Chemistry
Engineer Thermodynamics and Heat Transfer
Engineering Fluid Mechanics
Engineering Physics
Unit Operation
Separation and Kinetics
Numerical Methods and Modeling
Electrical Mechanical System and Circuits

SKILLS
MS Office
LabView
Technical Writing
MS VBA
Capcost
MS SQL
ASPEN Plus
Matlab
Process Flow

PROJECTS
Heterogeneous Catalyst: Outline the manipulated independent variables and important variables to be collected. Obtain and calibrate data from Gas Chromatograph. Account for pressure drops within the reactor. Design and create a large-scale chemical process to maximize the production rate of Acetone from Isopropanol using Platinum-on-charcoal catalyst. Review processes to recommend optimal cost-effective options. (Process Design Laboratory, Fall 2021)

Protein Separation: Operate the BioLogic LP Chromatography System for pilot testing. Effectively perform column packing to achieve high column performance. Program the buffer and salt gradient to be injected into the system. Recognize and troubleshoot when system does not operate properly. Design a laboratory procedure and analyze data to optimize the separation of proteins (albumin and lysozyme) in minimal time. (Process Design Laboratory, Fall 2021)

Biofuel Plant: Design a large-scale chemical process to convert biomass (dead trees) into upgraded bio-oil and useful biofuel (gasoline and diesel) with minimal carbon footprint. Account for researching and engineering calculations regarding input, output, catalyst, flow rates, energy balances, and mass balances. Perform cost and risk analysis. Contribute to plant design modifications to cost-effectively maximize production. Develop proposal on plant’s lifespan and whether it should be built. (Capstone, Spring 2022)

EXPERIENCE
Manager Assistant, A.L. Nails, Del City, OK May 2013 – Present
Developed business strategy in advertisement gaining 15% in attractions and sales.
Increased additional $3000 a month in sales revenue by offering current trending supplies and products.
Demonstrated interpersonal skills and work effectively in a team environment.
Managed a team of 6 direct reports, recruiting, and hiring.
Consolidated $8,000 a year by mediating deals and sales with vendors.
Cut turnover by 20% through motivation program and team buildings.
Used applied technologies to slash lead response time in payment and scheduling system.
Contact this candidate