Steven W. Williamson
*** ******* **** 248-***-****
Rochester Hills, Michigan 48307 advm87@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/steven-w-williamson/

CAREER SUMMARY

A result driven and high performing Senior Engineer with extensive experience in the automotive industry. Leadership background includes program management, engineering processes, coordinating prototype and tooling builds and suppliers. Highly regarded technical manager with excellent analytical, organizational, problem solving and project management skills. Widely recognized ability to develop, launch and drive implementation of high impact product improvement initiatives.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

DVP&R
PPAP
DFM/DFA
Root Cause Analysis
DFMEA
Trouble Shooting
Assessment / Implementation
BOM Construction/Management
Mechanical Design

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Coastal Automotive 2022 - 2023
Coastal Automotive is a forward-looking automotive safety manufacturer focused on providing customers with high performance solutions and exceptional value. Our team works constantly to fill innovation gaps in the automotive industry and provide our customers with the latest technology.

NPD Advanced Engineer
Researched, conceptualized and designed new products, tested product design, and drafted specifications for manufacturing.

Partnered with senior leadership to develop the next generation of products in the company’s portfolio.
Led advanced R&D research on new product development. In ATV market for composite body panels.
Partnered closely with Program Management, Manufacturing, Supply Chain and Quality Management, playing a key role in supporting new business development.
Ensured that Coastal Automotive has the technical competence and processes globally to deliver on its business model and service group to product lines.
Performed research crucial to the writing of several White papers.
Scanned technical mega trends in the industry, as well as other technical developments, to understand how these may pose either a threat or an advantage to the Company.

JVIS 2019 - 2022
A global manufacturing leader with innovative design and engineering expertise, we combine the latest technologies with vertically integrated processes to take an idea from sketch to market.

Mechanical Engineer
Partnered with customers to enable component design meeting theme while maintaining feasibility and manufacturability.

Steven W. Williamson Page Two

JVIS, continued

Managed multiple programs, defined product strategy and provided new product designs to meet performance and DFM/DFA requirements.
Effectively improved engineering processes and implemented best practices in planning, designing and testing to achieve customer’s target.
Interfaced with design studios to ensure that the product met all manufacturing and performance goals.
Supported build activities at JVIS and Customer facilities to ensure product met all requirements.

International Automotive Components (IAC) 2005 - 2018
A leading global supplier of automotive components.

Senior Product Engineer, 2016-2018
Led product development team in design and feasibility developing components meeting customer needs. Projects included T1XL IP Program for Cadillac SUV and G1SC IP Program for GM Sonic.

Oversaw programs from concept to launch maintaining theme, feasibility, and manufacturability.
Partnered with customers in maintaining tooling feasibly design for components.
Built and maintained BOMS, from prototype award through launch of production.

Manufacturing Engineer, 2016
Six-month assignment in Brazil to set up new plant to produce instrument panels and consoles. Developed an MES System ensuring correct components in all assemblies. Project included L550 Land Rover (Discover Sport) Instrument Panel, IP.

Senior Project Engineer, 2011-2016
Engineering Manager, 2011 (Six-month assignment in India) To support Mahindra W201.
Senior Product Engineer, 2005-2011
Held increasing levels of responsibility to optimize product design and manufacturing procedures, ensuring efficiency and a smooth working environment. As Engineering Manager in India, managed 37 engineers.
Projects included: Console Program (GM CK Truck), IP Program (GM Buick LaCrosse), PF Chrysler Program (launch support), Mahindra (SUV) Interior, Console Program (GM SUV), Hard Instrument Panel, IP (Jetta), IP (Cadillac DTS Platinum), IP (Buick Lucerne Super), IP (Cadillac XLR, Airlift), IP (Corvette, Airlift), Console (full size truck and SUV, Airlift), IP and Console (Cadillac DTS), IP and Console (Buick Lucerne).

PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE

Served as Senior Product Engineer for Collins and Aikman, 2000-2005 and Program Manager for Autoliv North America, 1999-2000.

EDUCATION

BS Product Design Engineering Technology Ferris State University 1994
AS Engineering Technology Midlands Technical College 1988

MILITARY SERVICE

United States Army, Missile Technician, Honorable Discharge, 1986
Contact this candidate