Naveed Nazir
***** ****** *****, ******* ** *****
408-***-**** advr6s@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
Seasoned in leading complex and deadline-driven technology development programs.
Goal-oriented, customer focused strategist who takes ownership of issues, solves problems, and perseveres to successfully deliver on business objectives.
Builds strong partnerships between internal teams and with external stakeholders by regularly communicating plans and organizing to bridge gaps between requirements and product deliverables.
Successfully leads concurrent projects with geographically dispersed teams, identifying and addressing business, operational, and relationship issues.
Demonstrated ability to quickly learn, understand, communicate, and integrate technical concepts and issues related to application software, system hardware, SoC product or SoC based platform development Strengths
Leadership Strategic Planning SoC ASIC HW & Software Development Project Management Agile Methodology Team Building Business Acumen Budgeting Product Development Lifecycle PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Lumasonix Inc., Ontario (2012 - present)
Startup developing and commercializing photonic tools for contactless detection of cancer Director of Development
Hand-on management of the product development lifecycle for system & technology development projects from inception to release. Led hardware, software & system definition, design, & implementation as well as the timely execution by coordinating between multiple technical, business, and regulatory teams.
Spearheaded MATLAB modeling of photoacoustic signal propagation in human breast. Implemented contactless detection of ultrasound signals using holographic techniques by integrating photodiode matrices on SoC platform.
Created PRD & functional specifications to build a Photoacoustic Computed Tomography system for cancer tumor margins assessment in the operating room. Successfully engineered the ultrasound detection by sparse array, ADC and image reconstruction software system.
Led the design & development of microfluidic system for detection of circulating tumor cells in the blood stream using UWB photoacoustic technology. Real time collection and storage of time-series data from millions of blood cells for analysis with our proprietary AI engine that infers cell signatures classifying cancerous and healthy cells.
Negotiated projects’ scopes, timelines, dependencies, and the deliverables for each team. Held regular stakeholder meetings to narrow gaps between evolving user requirements and the product features. Equivox Inc., El Dorado Hills, California (2007-2012) Development & Integration company providing customized technology solutions to medium size enterprises Director
P&L ownership for portfolio projects. Directed all phases of lifecycle from inception through deployment. Provided leadership for telecom hardware and software development projects, VLSI design & verification of mixed signal TV Tuner ASIC, development and commissioning of a Java based business process automation system, firmware & hardware prototyping of novel epilepsy monitors and blood glucometers.
Led the architecture, platform, and technology selection activities
Negotiated requirements, schedules, and budgets. Developed and ratified projects’ plan-of-records
Proactively mitigated schedule and resource risks. Managed budgets and prevented feature creeps
Collaborated across internal and external teams, partners, and customers to achieve business goals INTEL CORPORATION, Folsom, California (2002 - 2007) Semiconductor Company developing advanced integrated circuits for computing & communications. Engineering Manager (Programs)
Managed Wi-Fi product development projects across multi-site international teams of 100+ persons. Nurtured harmonious relationship between teams with open communications. Conducted MAP days to align schedule dependencies between teams. Built & retained high performance teams that consistently delivered against agreed upon objectives, schedules & budgets. Mentored staff provided feedback on performance against objectives & ensured business continuity by creating cross training opportunities.
Performed critical gap assessments, managed program exceptions and risk triggers.
Front end loaded the product development lifecycle to address the root cause of quality issues observed in the verification and validation phases. Led a multi-disciplinary team of 12+ cross functional architects to re- engineer the requirements elicitation process. Obtained buy-ins through formal presentations and by influencing peers.
Co-located the software validation team with the development team in Bangalore for faster bug-resolution through greater and quicker communications. Recruited, staffed, and trained the new team, making them equally productive with their US counterparts, in a record time of one quarter.
Migrated teams to centralized Linux clusters for simulation, optimization and debugging work. Implemented Rational Unified Process to streamline software development.
Owned the development of house-brand tools and their delivery to OEM customers for performance testing of PHY, MAC, RF module and firmware. These tools facilitated the validation and compliance testing for 802.11 a/b/g standards.
Improved the time to market for Intel WiFi products by first envisioning and then creating a distributed multi- site system for automated, unattended around the clock execution of scheduled test cases.
Developed/executed on strategies to keep ASIC & HW development aligned with product roadmaps.
Created a security testing team to help discover & plug weaknesses in the design & implementation of Intel WiFi modem hardware & software stack.
3-COM CORPORATION, Mount Prospect, Illinois (1997 - 2002) Manufacturer of Local & Wide Area Networking equipment and IP based telecom infrastructure equipment. Platform Development Manager
Recruited, built and retained a high performance system engineering team for a geographically dispersed 150- person, $43 million 24-month project. Led system definition & development for a large scale distributed carrier class communication platform.
Achieved CMM Level 2 certification in less than 12 months with a freshly recruited team.
Developed an aggressive risk management strategy. Aligned schedules to meet the concurrent development needs of client departments using dashboards and inch-pebble scheduling techniques.
Analyzed the requirements management needs. Led the evaluation of several software tools. Selected a solution and arranged deployment across the company. Arranged training for all teams.
Overcame limitations of SVN by migrating to IBM tool chain – Clearcase, Clearquest, and family. Initiated hardware engineers to version control systems. Developed the migration path for development groups and trained all hardware and system software developers. Career Note: Additional experience as Director at Achates Inc., Flamborough, Ontario (1993–1997), Principal Engineer Embedded Systems at SIA Technology Corporation, Southborough, Massachusetts (1992-1993), Principal Engineer at Monocom Inc., Westwood, Massachusetts (1988–1992). SKILLS SUMMARY
ASIC Design Flows Requirements Architecture Functional Design VHDL Validation & Verification Unit Testing HW SW co-development Shell Scripting Debugging Failure Analysis 802.11 SDLC C/C++ Python Java PHP Javascript NodeJS SQL databases Linux Kernel Drivers EDUCATION / AFFILIATIONS
M.S.E.E., Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, Georgia, USA M.Sc Physics & M.Phil Laser Physics, Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad, Pakistan Past Member, Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE), USA
Contact this candidate