ALEX DELEON
Powder Springs, GA *****
678-***-****
advroe@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/alexdeleon

Proven Professional, Leader, and Manager
An accomplished leader who prides himself on consistently exceeding customer and organizational expectations. Effectively manage others to routinely complete projects and assignments on-time with exceptional quality and consistently within budget. Described by colleagues as a dependable professional who takes initiative and finds effective solutions to complex problems.

Key skills include excellent technical ability, analytical decision making, creative problem-solving ability, and fluency in Spanish and English languages.

Core Competencies:
Leadership, New Product Introduction, Systems Retooling, Team Builder, Field Engineering, Project Engineering, Engineering Management,
Strategic Planning, Professional Development, MS Project, Creative & Innovative, Communication, Coaching, Fiber Optics Networks, Effective Manager, Wireless Technologies, CAT5/CAT6/CATV, MS Office

Experience
Business Owner/Operator Fresh Coat Painters, 2015-Present
● Responsible for directing and managing all aspects of the business.
Day-to-day operations to include: quoting, sales, supply chain, vendor selection and relations, purchasing.
Organizational decisions to include: hiring, reviewing and approving financial statements, approving payroll.
● Take complete ownership for all aspects of a project, visualizing end-to-end and successfully overseeing its entire life cycle.
● Identify potential challenges and entrust employees to make key daily decisions.
● Work with customers to ensure that any up-scopes are within time and budget constraints.
● Focus on a broad perspective of all business aspects while carrying out customer requirements
● Enable clients to discover and communicate their true goals as project scope is developed by effective listening and discerning their desires.
● Maintain excellent customer relations with a 4.9-star Google rating.

Senior Engineering Manager Goodman Networks, 2009-2015
● Trusted to lead telecommunications teams in Georgia, South Texas, and Missouri markets, with management responsibilities resulting in less management overhead.
● Improved team KPI’s from 75% - 90% and implemented process improvements by leading the teams to focus on overall business goals.
● Awarded international vendor of choice by clients as a result of excellent execution.
● Reduced personnel turnover from 33% - 0% through effective coaching and empowering individual decision making.
● Designed and implemented New Product Introductions for AT&T’s fiber optic networks.
● Grew business 20% by collaborating with clients to increase satisfaction and gain loyalty.

Project Engineering Team Lead Lucent Technologies, 1998-2009
● Decreased quality issues by 50% by providing technical and process leadership ensuring quality issues were quickly identified and resolved.
● Surveyed, engineered, and managed close to 100 customer hardware networks including the following technologies: switching, VoIP, transport, video conferencing, data, fiber optics and copper cabling, ethernet backhaul, wireless technologies. Included Field Engineering responsibilities.
● Increased employee engagement through empowering creativity and fostering increased collaboration amongst team members.
● Promoted to lead engineer during a period of unprecedented business growth by producing results, leading by example, and coordinating complex multimillion-dollar projects.

Shift Technical Engineer, Westinghouse, 1992-1998
● Coordinated with multiple interdisciplinary engineering teams as the sole engineering resource for the shift crews.
● Maintained engineering drawings and operational procedures across various disciplines.

Education
Brigham Young University, 1988-1992
● Bachelor of Science, Electrical and Computer Engineering with Math minor.
Contact this candidate