Données personnelles

profile

Take note of the technical file and plans / Participate in preparatory meetings with the work supervisors and design engineers / Evaluate the labor, equipment and material needs for the work of the various trades / Calculate the volume of hours and labor required / Take stock of the progress of the work.
Organize site meetings / Write the reports of these meetings (progress and difficulties encountered) / Keep the site logbook up to date / Control the delivery of materials and the reception of works machinery / Manage the budget, the schedule, allocate premiums, check purchase orders and invoices / Check regularly that the work does not exceed the budget provided / Accept the work and ensure the cleanliness of the premises at the end of the work.

Professional experience

Site Manager

Rayen Public Works Company
2017 - today

directs the construction work. ensure technical preparation. responsible for the management and supervision of the teams working in the field. plays a leading role in construction companies. directs the teams, controls, coordinates and plans the work. Associated with the preparatory phases as well as with financial management, also ensures the organization of the site.
Participating in preparatory meetings with works supervisors and design engineers, takes note of the plans and the technical file. Ensures in the field that the constraints and obstacles have been managed. also ensures the supply of equipment, tools and materials. works with team leaders, reviews the planned schedule and distributes tasks among the various workers. He must also verify that the safety instructions, the deadline and the quality have been taken into account.
directing construction work, site managers are first and foremost leaders. Associated with the preparatory phases of the site as well as its financial management, they play a leading role in construction companies.
determines with the team leaders the distribution of tasks between the various workers who are active on the site. Keeping an eye on the schedule, motivates the troops, monitors the work done and corrects any errors.

Works supervisor

Méditeraner public works company
2015 – 2017

organizes and monitors the various technical, human and financial resources necessary for the completion of a construction site, from the project phase to delivery, respecting deadlines and safety rules

Civil engineering supervisor

ES COM
2013 - 2015

organizes and monitors the various technical, human and financial resources necessary for the completion of a construction site, from the project phase to delivery, respecting deadlines and safety rules

Site Manager

General Works Company
2011 – 2013

directs the construction work. ensure technical preparation. responsible for the management and supervision of the teams working in the field. plays a leading role in construction companies. directs the teams, controls, coordinates and plans the work. Associated with the preparatory phases as well as with financial management, also ensures the organization of the site.
Participating in preparatory meetings with works supervisors and design engineers, takes note of the plans and the technical file. Ensures in the field that the constraints and obstacles have been managed. also ensures the supply of equipment, tools and materials. works with team leaders, reviews the planned schedule and distributes tasks among the various workers. He must also verify that the safety instructions, the deadline and the quality have been taken into account.
directing construction work, site managers are first and foremost leaders. Associated with the preparatory phases of the site as well as its financial management, they play a leading role in construction companies.
determines with the team leaders the distribution of tasks between the various workers who are active on the site. Keeping an eye on the schedule, motivates the troops, monitors the work done and corrects any errors.

Hatem Fourati
Site manager Civil engineering supervisor
Contact this candidate