Jiten P Oswal
Email: adw886@r.postjobfree.com Phone #: +1-408-***-**** San Francisco, CA
Objective – Experienced Engineering Leader with a strong background in building & scaling Engineering and Product teams using 11+ yrs of engineering, product & operational expertise. Professional Summary
● Engineering Leader with problem-solving abilities, a bias for action, strong ownership, and a team builder
● Hands-on, a result focused leader with proven success in delivering products and solutions from ideation to GA
● Experience in organically building engineering teams based on the product roadmap and technical strategy
● Reduced operational cost by 30-35% by automating deployment and optimizing infrastructure utilization
● Created new product categories from internal services & commercialized them into revenue-generating products
● Strong communication skills, interpersonal skills & desire to excel, always curious, build solid engineering teams, and work hard to achieve larger organizational goals.
Technical Skills
Management Strategy, Roadmap, Agile, People & Project Management, Hiring, Mentoring Core Languages Java, JavaScript (React/Angular/Vue), Python, Kotlin, C#, PHP, Perl. Database Oracle SQL DB, DynamoDB, Aurora, MySQL, SQLite, MongoDB, Postgres Development/Productivity Tools Eclipse, IntelliJ, Sublime, Atom, PyCharm, Jupyter Notebook, Github Frameworks/Tools Pandas, Numpy, Sklearn, TensorFlow, Keras, Azkaban, ElasticSearch, Terraform, k8s Recognition - (US Patents Granted)
● Systems & Methods for determining optimal Cost-To-Serve while developing apps in Public Cloud
● Systems & Methods for real-time determination of Cost-To-Serve metrics and Cost Attribution in Public Cloud
● Performance Simulation by Controlling Key Factors of E2E Web Products
● Performance Simulation with Cost Benefit Analysis & with Multi-Iteration Support for E2E Web Products
● Extending Performance Simulation to Any Platform via Metadata for E2E Web Products
● Actionable Insights to optimize the performance of E2E Web Products Professional Experience
Engineering Leader / Engineering Manager IV Ava Labs Inc., San Francisco, CA Dec’21 – Present
● In the early stages, built & managed half of the Engineering teams (4) at Ava Labs which included: Full-Stack Data Platforms, Infrastructure tools, Frameworks, & E2E FinOps Wallet with approx ~14 engineers & 4 leads.
● Currently, building & scaling a team for Core Platform products and managing 10+ engineers from multiple functions: Backend engineers, Frontend engineers, Infra engineers, & Solution engineers.
● Collaborating with cross-functional stakeholders like Product Org, Business Dev, and Marketing to lay down the strategy and development commitments for the engineering org & executing on company vision.
● Tech Stack: AWS, JS (React & Nestjs), Golang, k8s, DataDog, DynamoDB, Aurora, Python, EVM, etc. Sr. Manager / Staff Engineer Matterport Inc., Sunnyvale, CA Nov’20 – Dec’21
● Managing and building a global engineering team to align Full-Stack Data Strategy (Data Platform & Viz), and, System Integration, to enable the next phase of the company’s growth and execute them
● Collaborating with cross-functional stakeholders like Product, Sales, Marketing, and Customer Success orgs’ to lay down the strategy and development commitments for the engineering org
● Tech Stack: Kotlin, Kafka, Snowflake, PostgreSQL, Python, JavaScript (ExpressJS, ReactJS) Technical Advisor Softbank Global Intl, San Carlos, CA Feb’20 – Sept’20
● As part of my role, I was working with most of the DeepTech SBGI & SBKK technology assets/interests.
● Worked on Tech DD along with product categorization, engineering org setup/growth & market/competitor analysis.
● Mostly focused on deep-tech projects in areas like SaaS, IoT, Cloud Computing, Data Platforms, Customer Support Platforms, Edge Computing, etc along with moonshot projects like Satellite Tech, 5G, etc. Team Lead / Manager Salesforce Inc., San Francisco, CA Jun’16 – Jan’20
● Einstein Data Platform Jun’17 – Jan’20
● Worked on Salesforce’s first ML-based features “Lead Scoring” & “Predictive Forecasting”.
● Led the team to architect and productionize the ETL pipeline to across private and public clouds.
● Led the project to optimize the ETL pipeline for larger customers and API throughput.
● Tech Stack: JavaScript (Aura/React), Apache Avro, Java, Python, Azkaban
● Salesforce Tools Team Jun’16 – Jan’20
● Led an 8-person team to develop new Productivity tools to help maximize development times and work on ambitious projects to optimize production costs. (*4 Patents)
● Worked on a Cost-To-Serve initiative to help our move from on-premise to public clouds (*2 Patents)
● Developed a new productivity performance test framework ‘Jarvis’ to help optimize the development lifecycle. Senior Engineer / SMTS Salesforce Inc., San Francisco, CA Nov’13 – Jun’16
● Salesforce Search Cloud Jan’15 - Jun’16
● Worked with the Search Cloud team which owns/maintains/develops the entire Search platform for CRM
● Helped develop and optimize new features in Search to perform at Scale and help users get better enhanced search results and user experience.
● Core Sales Cloud CRM Nov’13 - Jan’15
● Worked with Sales Cloud on core Sales features & then the Search Cloud team which owns the Search platform.
● Generating the analytics, measuring and optimizing the app performance with the help of varied tools to help find & fix scalability issues on both the client side and server side.
● Tech Stack: JavaScript (Aura/React), Java, Python, SQL Software Developer Intern Amazon Inc., San Francisco, CA Jun’13 – Aug’13
● Worked with the MP3 WebStore team.
● Implemented Buy-in-place & made it more secure & robust by making it RESTful for Desktop & Mobile.
● Re-designed the track-list widget and also implemented a couple of new features for Amazon Prime.
● Languages mostly used here are Perl (Mason), JavaScript, CSS, and HTML. 1st Engineer Co-op ExpressMango Inc, Mountain View, CA Jan’13 – Jun’13
● Joined the founder team (CTO & VP, McAfee) as a core developer to develop a mobile SBM CRM app.
● Developed core features by implementing Frontend & RESTful APIs for the app.
● Helped founders with Business Dev activities like market research, user research & launch. Developer Intern SoftKoash Solutions, India Jun’12 – Aug’12
● Designed and led mobile application development from conception to delivery by following all the phases of the software development life cycle.
● Worked on implementing a Hybrid Mobile application for multiple platforms with REST API-based backend.
● Also, helped in implementing a Shopping Cart application for clients.
● Development was mostly done in Microsoft .NET Framework and also HTML, CSS & JavaScript. Engineer Product Development SunGard Global Services, India Jun’10 – Jan’12
● Worked on a few projects during my tenure with SunGard – Adaptiv, SunTrade, and ANTHEM.
● Adaptiv “Operations”, SunTrade & ANTHEM
● Worked on Windows Form UI and also on process management which fixed bugs for shipped versions and also maintenance of nightly builds using Automated Build Studio.
● SunTrade: Designed & developed “SunTrade”, a financial portal that SunGard was building.
● Tech Stack: Microsoft .NET Framework, Automated Build Studio, Perforce, and followed Test Driven Development. Project Intern SoftKoash Solutions, India Apr’10 – Jun’10
● Teamed up to design and implement a complete online banking application website.
● Worked on implementing RESTful Web Services to provide important functionality of the web portal.
● Development was mostly done in Microsoft .NET Framework and also HTML, CSS & JavaScript. Research Projects
● Predicting the Spread of Diseases using Twitter San Jose State University Oct’12 - Dec’12
● Analysis & Implementing TSP - Approx San Jose State University Jan’12 - Jun’12
● Improved Exemplar-Based Image Inpainting University of Pune, India Dec’09 - April’10 Education
● Executive Courses (Leadership, Project Mgmt) Stanford University, CA Jun’16 - Aug’16
● Master’s in Computer Science San Jose State University, CA Jan’12 - Dec’13
● Bachelor’s in Computer Engineering University of Pune, India Jun’06 - May’10
Contact this candidate