JASON DUKE: Mobile Software Engineer / Manager *
JASON DUKE: Mobile Software Engineer / Manager
adwkgy@r.postjobfree.com
650-***-****
A person with a background in engineering and finding creative solutions to new technical problems. I place great importance on leading the charge of raising the bar while building strong teams. I believe this is accomplished with great attention to past decisions, a healthy current state, and new opportunities for growth and improvement. Authorized to work in the US for any employer.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Velocitor Solutions - Charlotte, NC
Engineering Manager: November 2022 - Current
Projects & Responsibilities
Schedule incoming work for team.
Manage team resources to achieve business
objectives.
Interviewing, hiring, releasing team members.
Improvements to development lifecycle and
process.
Train and onboard other managers in other teams.
Detail strategy to reduce technical debt
Restructure development processes to better utilize CI/CD systems to meet deliverables more easily.
Regular reports to COO and CEO of development
statuses.
Interface with Apple to resolve issues with App
releases via the Enterprise system.
Servpro - Remote
iOS Tech Lead: June 2020 - November 2022
Projects & Responsibilities
Drybook Mobile (iOS), WorkCenter Office Mobile (iOS), WorkCenter Market Mobile (iOS) Interviewing, hiring, and onboarding new team
members.
Maintain all CI/CD systems.
Mentor and train more junior engineers.
Coordinate support for legacy applications during
beta rollout of new backend.
Lead iOS team technical direction.
Provide feedback to stakeholders on team
capabilities in the scope of requests.
Plan and develop tools to aid other development
teams.
Genies Inc - Venice, CA
Lead Unity Engineer Mobile: December 2019 - April 2020 Projects & Responsibilities
Genies (Android, iOS)
Work directly with product teams to identify and
implement new technology requirements that
develop.
Be an integral part of all research in new technology or tools not yet touched on by our teams .
Help debug and implement fixes.
Transition contracted external developer work to a new internal team and oversee code base.
Interview and hire developers for the team.
Develop in Unity, Xcode, Android Studio and more
tools using C#, Java, Obj-C, C/C++, JS, and Python. Lumos Labs - San Francisco, CA
SKILLS
iOS Development
Objective-C
C/C++
C#
Android
Java
JavaScript
Python
CI/CD
Jenkins
Swift
Gradle
SKILLS & SPECIALTIES
Languages: C/C++, Objective-
C, Java, C#, JavaScript, Python,
LUA
APIs/SDKs: iOS SDK, Android
SDK, JNI
Tools: VS Code, Xcode, Android
Studio, Unity, Git, Jenkins
CI/CD, NodeJS
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Game
Design & Development
Full Sail Real World Education -
Winter Park, FL 2006
MILITARY SERVICE
Branch: USAF
Rank: E-4
February 2002 to June 2006
Aircraft Fuel Systems Technician.
Commendations:
Served Operation Iraqi Freedom.
JASON DUKE: Mobile Software Engineer / Manager 2
Staff Engineer / Release Manager: September 2014 - April 2019 Projects & Responsibilities
LumiKids, Lumosity (Android, iOS)
Member of 2015 winning hackathon team.
Work directly with QA, games, and platform teams
across sprints to manage updates and new releases
to games without issue and ensure they have the
coverage they need.
Implement games made with the Unity game engine
or Cocos2d game engine to be able to coexist in the mobile Android and iOS apps.
Improve iOS and Android workflows for all levels
of development from prototype, development, QA,
and release.
Work directly with product teams to implement
new technology reqs that develop as we increase our game and activity catalog.
Integral part of any research in new technology or tools not yet touched on by our teams.
Volkswagen ERL - Belmont, CA
Mobile / Wearable Engineer: February 2014 - September 2014 Projects & Responsibilities
Unreleased Wearable Projects (iOS)
Develop applications to work with Google Glass
and other wearable technologies to interface with
vehicles.
Research and develop experiences around mobile
and wearable technologies.
Implement applications that communicate through
different wearables with the user's mobile device
and automobiles.
Beyond Games - San Francisco, CA
Core Engineer: June 2013 - December 2013
Projects & Responsibilities
Unreleased Title (iOS)
Research third party solutions to expedite more
rapid development.
Support of Android platform.
Implementation of Unity plugins and support of
plugin features for iOS, Android, and
Windows/OSX editor.
MunkyFun Inc - San Francisco, CA
Engineer: June 2009 - May 2013
Projects & Responsibilities
Archetype (iOS)
App Store Hall of Fame Award winner.
Three member project developing one of the most
popular multiplayer first person shooters on iOS.
PowerGig (PS3)
Four person project porting Xbox 360 music game
to PS3.
My Horse (iOS, Android, Kindle, Windows)
Complete design and implementation of native UI
Engine.
All tasks related to iOS (Objective-C) and social
networking's systems i.e. Facebook for initial
release .
Bounty Bots (iOS, OS X)
Upgraded existing UI Engine to be completely data
driven with XML.
Knight Storm (iOS, Android, Windows)
Expanded the UI Engine to almost completely be
manipulated from LUA.
Implemented experimental functionality into game
engine such as support for real-time in game video capture.
Developed system to make existing game engine
completely data driven with no native code outside of engine allowing the engine to drive over 5 more games with just data on iOS, Android, and Window
Contact this candidate