OBJECTIVE: To obtain a challenging position in Management where my communication, organizational, people skills, strong analytical acumen are coupled with an impressive commitment to excel. Strong desire to learn, grow and commit to a long relationship with an innovative company.

EXPERIENCE

ADTRAN Corporation
901Explorer BLVD, Huntsville, AL 256-***-**** March 2017 to Present

February 1, 2021 - February 3, 2023
Technical Engineering Manager

New customer and technology engagement to acquire business opportunities to scaleable programs
Technical Subject Manager Expert for professional services interfacing with clients, sales, management.

January 2, 2019 - January 31, 2021
Fiber Engineering Management

Manage and train team of 12-17 Engineers and drafters for Fiber to the business, premise, GPON.
Engaged with Business Development to work through Proof of Concept.

March 20, 2017 - December, 31 2018
Network Engineer III

Subject Matter Expert in OSP Feeder and Distribution plant and remote site electronics
Train and establish Engineering process and deliverable requirements for Internal and External Engineering Partners regarding OSP Planning Engineer to develop Scope of Work per site and job.

CenturyLink, QWEST, US WEST Communications August 1995- 12.16.2016
Engineer II

Managed 45 wire centers in Outstate Colorado. My duties included long and short range plan development, implementation and upgrades.Budget accountabilities include: initiate work orders, establish cost and manage through completion.

Project Manager

Managed 10 Contract Engineers for new technology deployments funded on special time sensitive programs for the state of New Mexico. Position included development and performance of employees, deliverables. Projects met on budget of $250,000,000 and exceeded deliverable timeline.

Buyer

Purchased and tracked telecommunication equipment for 3 states within 24 hours ensuring material availability in a timely manner to meet construction dates and fill customer service requests.

Resource Allocation Specialist

Managed a call center of 240 to 300 union employees. I led and directed all residential sales/service activities which included scheduling, payroll and vacation. Met results pertaining to customer service metrics, retention, revenue, market share, and customer/employee fulfillment.

Lead Engineer

Managed New technology deployment programs which included a special timeline for 443 locations due by years end, completed by first week of October. Position included cross departamental negotiations to ensure all areas were ready to support technology deployment and ensure customer satisfaction.

EXPERIENCE (Continued)

Interprise Project Manager

Managed Wire Center Data Infrastructure switches, nodes, and new placements. Negotiated with vendors to develop acceptable equipment, assist installation groups for installation and modification processes. Tracked usage to initiate facilities in a timely manner. Maintain a cross departmental relationships to ensure success, forecasted monthly, quarterly, and annual budget requirements.

EDUCATION

A.A.S. Telecommunications Engineering - ACC, Littleton, CO GPA 3.8
Project Associate Certificate – Denver University
Rapid Project Management – Denver University
Contemporary Management Certification – ACC, Littleton, CO
Leadership Elements - QWEST Communications
Supply Chain Academy - QWEST Communications

APPLICATIONS INCLUDE:
TIRKS, LFACS, CPT TOOL, BBC TOOL, NBIE, APIMS, TAG, OSP-FM, COE-FM, WFMT, NDS, FIREWORKS, BIDMASTER, MARTENS, DWF, PREMIS, MICROSOFT OFFICE SUITE, LOTUS, ARMOR, WMS, CATT, GOOGLE EARTH, LCAM, FORTE

SKILL SET

Achievement-focused Leader
Excellent Communication and Interpersonal Skills
Established Performance Record
Outstanding Customer Service
Self Motivated and Goal Oriented
Expert in Forecasting, Planning and Creating New Opportunities
Great Organizational Skills
Ability to navigate multiple software applications
Contact this candidate