SUMMARY STATEMENT
A proven leader and strategic planner with a strong background improving productivity, efficiency, and profitability. Expert at developing and improving team performance through innovative management techniques and providing coaching for success. Possess a high degree of integrity and an outstanding work ethic seeking to apply management talents to drive long-term company growth.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Engineering Manager
Undercar Products Group, Wyoming, MI 6/19 -present
World-class tier one automotive supplier of interior, exterior, HVAC and air induction plastic Injection Mold and Blow Mold technologies supported by highly advanced assembly systems.
Direct team of 11: Program Managers, Manufacturing Engineers, Tool Engineers, and Launch Assistants.
Manage team supporting over 170 current production programs, facility producing 90,000 parts per day while on average launching 8 new programs a year.
Technical leader for the launch of modular secondary equipment, reducing new program capital by 70% along with opened up our competitive advantage in the low volume production market.
Generate and gain corporate approval for capital in excess of $5M and ensure ROI KPIs exceeds corporate requirements.
Implement APQP launch processes for best-in-class design concepts, early sourcing of tooling and equipment resulting in zero defects during launch resulting in launch cost reduction of 30%.
Managed multi-platform new product utilizing 2-shot molding and innovative assembly automation that reduced the number of operators by 80%.
Facilitated fast response APQP processes to manage customer and internal improvements with cross functional teams to eliminate potential issues from being received by the customer.

Vice President of Engineering & Foundry Operations Manager
Hastings Manufacturing Corporation, Hastings, MI 11/16-6/19
A world leader in combustion engine piston ring engineering and manufacturing. Responsible for staff of 25 Engineers, Toolmakers, Maintenance, Foundry Professional Associates.
Formulated with marketing and sales using statistical data to implemented product strategies that generated $20M in annual revenue increase.
Introduced and implemented program/project management methodologies, including formal milestone-based plans, giving clear definition of deliverables, manufacturing and quality standards, budgets, priorities and tracking of engineering labor.
Lead capital planning budget of $3M for new tooling and equipment. Maintained control of project budget and timelines ensuring targets were met.
Responsible for communicating goals and status to the Board of Directors for quarterly engineering department projects and long-term innovation strategies.
Collaborated with financial teams and accountants to study operational expenses, revenue and cash flow.
Maintained, tracked and created staff goals: Staffed projects, tracked metrics and updated strategic partners and clients maintaining optima business flow.
Spearheaded meetings opening up dialog with area Sales Managers to discuss defining options to eliminating or finding alternative clients for slow moving or obsolete product.
Integrated US and Czech Republic engineering and manufacturing resources to maximize productivity, eliminating redundancy.
Developed and managed plant productivity and process improvement plans utilizing Continuous Improvement and Six Sigma events.

Focus on talent, organizational development, recruitment, coaching, and succession planning incentive programs which improved employee satisfaction and motivated team reducing turnover.
Secured permits/licenses and conducted facility inspections to ensure compliance with building, safety codes and regulatory standards.
Managed sourcing of Asian supply chain increasing production capacity 100%, while reducing COGS by 40%.
Reduced operating expenses over $300K annually and increased manufacturing capacity 33%, by utilizing cross training, employing 5S and right-sizing headcount.
Spearheaded major change initiatives, including transformation of manufacturing process by the implementation of lean principles in less than 2-months resulting in first time throughput of 90%.
Senior Program Manager
Plasan Carbon Composites, Walker, MI 1/14-11/16
Leading supplier of carbon fiber class A and structural components.
Produced financial and program status reports each month updating customer senior leadership on progress and roadblocks.
Prospected, researched and planned approaches and pitches for potential new clients.
Changed tools, gauges, secondary equipment and manufacturing standards resulting in a reduction of scrap from 25% to 5%, while eliminating two Corvette assembly line team members.
Implemented launch infrastructure development process and executive summary tracking presentation to improving program visibility for the executive management team.

Senior Program Manager
Magna Mirrors of America, Newaygo, MI 7/11-1/14
A supplier of exterior and interior mirror systems as well as actuators, electrochromic (EC) glass (auto-dimming) and door handle systems.
Developed and tested modular assembly line to assess feasibility and operating condition effects, which increased capacity by 60% and improved competitive advantage in low volume product markets.
Led international team in development, design, negotiating purchase of overseas materials and inventory of the first integrated high intensity lighting systems.
Developed cost estimates, contract documentation phase, produced equipment and tracked build progress to efficiently complete projects with capital budgets exceeding $10 million.
Executed and managed assigned production programs valued at over $80 million.
Prepared detailed monthly reports and updates on program progress, identified conflicts and team resolution activities.

Project Leader
Benteler Automotive, Grand Rapids, MI 5/09-7/11
Automotive manufacturer of suspension, exhaust, and safety systems.
Established production standards for low-cost bend and form cell, generating a 10 month pay back.
Achieved cost control objectives and clarified project parameters through clear statement of work and project classification system.
Implemented process or design improvements to reduce costs and improve overall quality resolving 100% of on-going production quality issues.
Collaborated on all stages of systems development lifecycle from requirement gathering to production releases.
Managed engineering level and drawing change releases for launch team.

Program Manager & Program Manager of Product Data Management (PDM) Teamcenter
Lacks Enterprises, Inc., Kentwood, MI 01/01-1/09
Consumer and automotive industry supplier of plastic molded chrome plated and painted decorative components including wheel trim grilles, body side moldings and interior trim assemblies. Guided PLM project staff and executive sponsors toward common application of information technology.
Empowered 3 cross-functional project teams implementing engineering change, new business quoting and product launch processes, including document control, workflow technical development, implementation and maintenance in an agile environment carried out within four months.
Implemented Agile ideation plans for engineering change process and new business quoting system that reduced quoting lead-times by 60%.
Managed monthly vendor and technical resource with a budget of $350,000.
Interfaced with cross-functional teams of business analysis, developers and technical support professionals to determine comprehensive list of requirements to refine process flows and business process models with notation plans and data mapping diagrams based on surveys and interviews.
Implemented user acceptance testing with focus on documenting defects, identifying bottlenecks and executing test cases.
Implemented business and technical training on new systems and supervised integration to the website.
Saved $500,000 by researching and working with the executive and engineering teams to developing new robust material.
Successfully developed and launched company’s first large chrome injection molded product.
Mentored team members to organizational leaders within their field of expertise.
Led product launch team lean initiative identifying and implementing cost reductions and reduced launch timing by 40%.
Simultaneously supervised teams and managed 25 programs averaging over 50 changes per program during the launch cycle.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, Plastic Engineering Technology-Focus on Business Administration, Ferris State University

RELATED WORK EXPERIENCE
Technical Development Engineer Intern General Electric Company, Southfield, MI 4/93-12/93
Moldmaker Apprentice H.S. Die & Engineering, Arrow Mold Repair, J.S. Die & Mold 5/84-12/89

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Coordinated start-up of injection molding and assembly facility in San Carlos, Mexico, increasing corporate capacity by 20%.
Sales Engineer marketed and promoted to automotive, consumer products, medical and industrial clients.
Managed team launching new acoustic absorbing composite resulting in a 50% cost savings.
Led Design of electro-mechanical consumer product to compete with low-cost country suppliers.

LEADERSHIP, PROFESSIONAL MANAGEMENT & TECHNICAL SKILLS
-PMI Affiliation Facilitation Skills APQP
-Lean Manufacturing Engineering Management Technical Leadership
-Cross Functional Leadership Program Management Negotiating for Results
Contact this candidate