Gregory Pritchard
** ********* ******* ****** ** 94563 ~ 415-***-**** ~ adwzzk@r.postjobfree.com

Marketing Branding Communications Manager with 25+ years of experience providing customer and client direction with market penetration in a very diverse and rapidly changing global marketplace.
Expertise at managing and growing departments and vendors, with revenues of up to $25M.
Skilled at collaborating and interfacing with top tier companies and directors, creating and implementing strategic action plans and budgets.
Financial planning for large capital investment projects.
Motivator and mentor to team members, fostering growth with a focus on strengths and goals.
Ability to gather research and analyze key data to increase market share and opportunities.
Team leader and group manager with excellent communication, presentation and negotiation skills.
PROFESSIONAL HISTORY

NC Marble and Stone Pavers Current
Designer Sales Manager, Project Manager
Hardscape, Landscaping,

Residential and Commercial Properties. San Francisco Bay Area.

Generating Sales. Direct Client Interface, Management and Closing large scale sales.
Project Management: Research, Design, Budgeting, Approvals, Procurement, Deliverables, Financials, Timelines, Start ups.

Budgets from $25,000 to $3,000,000.

3 Day Blinds January 2019 January 2020
Designer Sales Manager

Marketing and Sales Custom Window and Drapery Designs and Coverings.
Soliciting Clients, Scheduling Personal at location Consultation.
Residential Home Owners and Small Businesses. Closing Sales and Scheduling Installations.
San Francisco and Bay area,
ADT Alarm and Security Systems October 2017 -2018
Independent Contractor. Account Executive

Marketing and Sales for Northern California, Custom Security Cameras and Alarm Systems.
Soliciting Clients, Scheduling Personal Consultation, Education, System Recommendations.
Residential Home Owners and Small Businesses. Closing Sales and Scheduling Installations.
Trade shows in Northern California.

Clients in Territories from Napa, Piedmont, Moraga, Oakland, Brentwood, El Sobrante.
Strong success rate on closing and customer referrals.
Storm Water Systems September 2013-2017
Independent Contractor. Marketing and Engineering Sales Director

Provide presentations, branding and marketing this innovative Storm Water process treatment System.
Education and consultation with Plant Operators, Environmental Engineers and Plant Managers.
Marketing and Sales for Northern California with Industrial, Public Services and Utilities, Engineering Companies and Private industry. Initial planning, recommendations, ascertaining the correct sizes of process equipment, proposals, budgeting and deliverables. Scheduling, monitoring fabrication through to construction, shipping, site inspection and start up. Assure and determine compliance, and guarantee benchmarks.
Environmental Trade shows throughout USA.

Clients include:
AB&I Foundry, Waste Management, Recology, Target Storage Facilities, United Equipment Rentals, Lehigh, LKQ Auto Dismantlers, Santa Clara Power, Sims Metal, Strategic Materials, Santa Cruz Harbor.
Devlin Road Recycling and Transfer.

Marketing and expanding the brand base and knowledge of customized treatment processes
Developed client base from the ground up to include major national companies.
Managed/Mentored Engineers, Technicians, Plant Managers, Contractors - from Design, Planning, Approvals to Deliverables and Installation through to Start Up.
Education of Storm Water Treatment to gain and maintain compliance in an ever
increasingly more stringent permitting process in California

Ryan Process August 2005-September 2013
Largest privately owned industrial and municipal environmental water and waste water treatment system provider for 45 years in Northern CA.
Independent Contractor. Marketing and Engineering Sales

Develop and expand market share in San Francisco, Oakland, Silicon Valley, San Jose, Santa Cruz with Municipal, Engineering Companies and Private industry. Provided presentations and consultation with Engineers and Plant Managers, initial planning, recommendations, ascertaining the correct process equipment, proposals, budgeting and deliverables.
Scheduling, monitoring fabrication through to construction, shipping, site inspection and start up. Assure and determine compliance, workplace safety.
Environmental Trade shows throughout USA.
Clients include:
Amtrak, Amgen, Bayer, Solyndra, Genentech, Novartis, J Lohr Winery, Ridge Winery, Veolia, GE water, Tesla, Gatorade, Lehigh Cement, Ridge Winery, Nummi, Cal Trans, EBMUD. SFPUC.

Marketed a total awareness of the Ryan Process “complete system for treatment” approach.
Doubled sales volume in six years. ( systems from $10,000 to $2 million )
Developed and expanded client base from the ground up to include Fortune 500
companies and top tier manufacturers.
Managed/Mentored Engineers, Technicians, Plant Managers, Contractors - from Design, Planning, Approvals to Deliverables and Installation through to Start Up.

Greg Pritchard Creative and Marketing. San Francisco January 2001- September2005
A San Francisco Bay Area advertising and marketing firm with full-service, with a focus to achieving long term results, specializing in the healthcare, biotech and financial services.

Proprietor & Principal
Developed and established client base, marketing and project management. Provided strategic planning, branding, budgeting and implementation of fully integrated campaigns, especially with new products in bio-tech, devices, business software and financial services. Account Service, Creative Solutions, writing and design, production and monitoring deliverables, and vendors. Clients and accomplishments include:
Guidant Stents. ( now Abbott ) Re-branded and re-positioning for entire product line.
Acuson/Siemens. Re-positioning Sequoia national Campaign and sales collateral.
Wells Fargo Small Business. Highly successful direct mail campaign
targeting small business owners throughout California selling expertise
and new business products
Ligand Avinzak. Branding and national launch of longest acting peak
performance morphine.
Intuit Quickbooks Healthcare. D/M launch of new targeted products specifically for use in Healthcare practices.

Harrison Wilson & Associates, San Francisco. May 1995-January 2001
An Omnicom advertising agency and largest Healthcare agency on the West Coast

Creative Director. Senior VP.
Managed and led Creative Department with fifteen direct reports. Pitched new business, strategic planning and implementation. Created highly targeted campaigns and creative solutions. Oversaw client business management, budgeting and production control. Client accomplishments include:
Launched leading diagnostic and pharmaceutical products, nationwide, to hospitals, healthcare professionals and patients.
Developed merchandising and sales tools that included medical education through multimedia and Internet interaction at conventions, resulting in increased sales and lead category position.
Trade shows and conventions throughout USA.

LifeScan / OneTouch. Developed, branded and launched five new meters, all media, including National trade shows.
Quadramet. Print Advertising, all sales materials –kiosks for conventions
Betaseron. Strong patient testimonial campaigns aimed at doctors and healthcare professionals.
Betimol ophthalmic solution. Re-branded and launched, utilizing all media.
Visa Healthcare. Created highly visible campaigns and training materials to encourage the use of Visa at the time of service for co-pays.
Sola Optical. Launched national print campaign and support sales pieces and targeted direct mail campaigns.

Y&R/ Starr McCombs. Hawaii. 1989-1995
Starr Seigle the leading Advertising agency at that time in the Islands. Revenues to$40m. Affiliated with Young and Rubican National and Global
Creative Director. Senior VP.
Led creative team, including strategic planning of products from inception–branding to full campaigns in all media and merchandising implementation with extensive travel and client contact, throughout Asia–Pacific. Managed budget control and department growth. Accomplishments and clients include:
Expanded and managed creative department which won all competitive pitches.
Hawaiian Electric. Multi media consumer and industrial campaigns.
Pacific Resources Inc. Institutional Corporate campaigns. Introduced Solar Division and Industry in Hawaii.
Hilton Hotels. Repositioned the Hilton Hotels in Hawaii, collaborating with Barron Hilton directly to introduce a complete renovation of this island chain of properties.
Bank of Hawaii. Spearheaded a complete overhaul of the bank's corporate identity, including branches. Developed new image and business campaigns in all media taking the bank to top market share position.
Visitors Bureaus. Conceived integrated campaigns partnering with Bloomingdale's and Vogue magazine to promote the Hawaii Visitors Bureau. Also developed national destination campaigns for Alaska State of Tourism.
Continental Airlines. Conceived TV commercial destinations campaign awarded "Best in the West". Increased traffic over all other international carriers.
Sheraton Hotels, Pacific and Asia. Developed fully integrated campaigns for 26 properties throughout the Pacific and all major cities in Asia, including first business class campaigns to Asia and grand openings of new properties.
Aloha Airlines. Created complete identity facelift that included designs on aircraft.
Mauna Loa Macadamia Nuts. Created national image TV campaigns and retail merchandising promotion contributing to the brand's top market share position.
McDonald's. Regional TV campaigns and seasonal promotions that involved complete in-store merchandising, packaging. Initiated customized branding specific for the Hawaii market.

Additional Employment History
Millici Valenti Park, DDB Hawaii, Creative Director, Senior VP
Leo Burnett, Hong Kong, Creative Director, Senior Manager
D'Arcy McManus, Melbourne. Australia, Art Director
Education
Graduate of Latrobe University. BA. Victoria, Australia
Integrated Marketing Communications
Additional Skills
Extensive knowledge of Asia and the Pacific and Conversant in Cantonese, French and Japanese

Community Involvement & Recognition
Recognized for support and contributions in producing campaigns for Aloha United Way, Child Abuse, Junior Diabetes Foundation, McDonald House, Ritter House, Marin Services for Woman.
Corpus Christi School Board Member, 2011 – 2013 (3-year term)
Contact this candidate