AHMED ABDULHAFEZ ABDOU
** **** *** ******, ** Sherouk City, Cairo, Egypt. Postcode: 11837
Tel: +201*********, Email: adx3l7@r.postjobfree.com, LinkedIn: ahmed-abdou-MSc
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
A seasoned manager with hands-on experience in civil engineering on major projects in London and Middle East, and degrees in both Management in Construction and Civil Engineering, which has afforded me great understanding of complex project management and latest industry trends. Action driven with passion to communicate effectively with technology, executives, and stakeholders. As a high achieving competitive professional and key player in a diverse projects range, I have managed packages from procurement to completion as part of the Principal Contractor as well as client team, while maintaining strong analytical skills and highest organizational capabilities.

EDUCATION
MSc Management in Construction, Kingston University- London, UK 07/ 2011
BSc Civil Engineering, Public Works Department, Ain Shams University, Cairo, Egypt 11/ 2003

EXPERIENCE
Civil Construction Manager, PGESCo Consultants,
$65 million EPC project: East Cairo Logistic Park. Client: HAL, Cairo-Egypt 08/2022 – Present
$30 million EPC project: Dynamic Reactive STATCOM Substation. Client: EETC, East Ouyant. 06/2021 –08/2022

Managed the main contractor and supervised works execution to ensure compliance with technical specification, design, project schedules and milestones.
Identified construction management solutions and methodologies when feasible.
Communicated with engineering department to obtain clarifications and suggest solutions to resolve engineering issues.
Assured that management systems, activities and operations involved on site follow the approved Quality Plan.
Coordinate with Client’s engineering staff on construction issues.
Prepared daily, weekly executive and Monthly Progress reports.
Approved contractors’ invoices release, technically and quantities take off in coordination with finance department.
I had delegated authority to assume responsibilities of Site Manager in his absence.
Support HSE Manager to implement Safety regulations.
Assist project controls in preparation of short-term project schedules as well as change management process.

Project Coordination Manager, Orascom (OCI), Cairo, Egypt. 04/2016 – 02/2021
$850 million EPC project of 2 tunnels crossing under Suez Canal. Client: EAAF

In charge of construction documentation/transmittal approval process by liaison with JV engineers and consultant.
Design management and technical issues coordination between site and project designer.
Participate in progress reporting and follow up with site team on actions resulting from progress meetings onsite.
Successful implementation and management of geotechnical monitoring scheme although it was delayed by 15 months.
Presented to stakeholders the monitoring scheme, also gave presentations to university students on training program onsite.
Prepared documentation for claim of monitoring scope variation and cooperate with QS to present it.
Improving methodology team performance by 70% through template implementation, procedures, and subcontractor liaison.
Coaching and regular performance evaluation of junior engineers to advise HR of required training sessions.
Leading coordination with the QC department, overseeing project QC documentation, and assisting in closing NCRs and SNs.
Collaborative teamwork with HSE team on several issues to ensure compliance with safety procedures and industry standards.

Projects Manager, Abu Soma Development Co., Red Sea, Egypt. 06/2014 – 06/2015
Delivering range of projects $3 million in value that included residential, commercial and infrastructure projects.

Organized building management daily activities and effectively manage a team of 8 consultant engineers of different disciplines, along with subcontractor management, to achieve the strategic plan for developing a 10 million Sq.m peninsula.
Human resources management functions including performance management, appraisal, and Key Performance Indicator (KPI) tracking to drive employee development and organizational success.
Manage cost estimates, projects budgeting and cost control through a cost manager.
Tracking activities and milestones against detailed projects plan.
Initiating value engineering session to predict best earned value, optimum design, and the best use of internal and external recourses as well as future maintenance plans.
Maintain communication with project stakeholders and facility management department to achieve expectations.

Section Engineer, VINCI Construction UK, London, UK. 9/2012 – 08/2013
$45 million project for the construction of Royal Victoria Portal. Client: Crossrail
I worked as a Geotechnical Monitoring Engineer and Utilities Coordinator.
Managing daily activities of monitoring package which included monitoring of operational DLR track running adjacent to site, daily reporting to client with analyzed findings and installation of monitoring instrumentation for main portal works.
Chairing regular CTC, ERP and SRG meetings with client to solve critical engineering issues and track package progress.
Preparing method statements (RAMS) and Inspection &test plans (ITPs) in line with industry best practices.
Coordinate utilities interface with providers (TW, NGG, and UKPN), subcontractors, and construction team to meet federal regulations and provider requirements near their assets.
Monitoring program and progress reporting, raising EWN’s and RFI’s as required.

Project Engineer, BERKELEY HOMES, London, UK. 06/2011 – 08/2012
$95 million EPC project for construction of Royal Arsenal Woolwich Station Box. Client: Crossrail
Managed enabling works packages including site setup, temporary utilities, security, archaeological watching brief, and geotechnical investigations.
Co-managing main works packages as part of a team working in, earthworks with associated temporary works such as D-walls, monitoring installations, propping, dewatering and reinforced concrete package.
Contributed to project risk assessment and mitigation planning, and addressed issues based on comprehensive subcontractor contract knowledge.
Negotiate contract agreement and work information packages with subcontractors.
Monitoring subcontractors' compliance with contract specs and quality standards.
Managing Subcontractors interface on site while keeping high health & safety standards.
Initiated several recommendation reports/proposals and feasibility studies.

Project Engineer, KHARAFI NATIONAL, Kuwait. 08/2006 – 08/2009
$11 million O&M of storm drainage network and Pumping System Network. Client: Ministry of Public works
Assisted project manager in preparing construction plans along with control and monitoring of plans implementation.
Daily resources allocation to ensure effective operations and achieve approved project exaction plan.
Organized site/facilities to meet the approved program and followed up inspection and sign off by the client.
Coordinate scheduled and emergency maintenance with the equipment department and take corrective actions.

Site Engineer, COPRI CONTRACTING, Kuwait. 02/2006 – 08/2006
$165 million highway interchange construction of two underpasses and five bridges. Client: Ministry of Public Works
Overseeing the earthworks operations to ensure contractors achieved or exceeded the designated output rates.
Execution of superstructure reinforced concrete works and waterproofing.
In charge of production and installation of pre-cast cladding and vehicle New Jersey barriers.

Site Engineer, HIGH SLANT PRE-CAST FACTORY, Kuwait. 11/2004 – 02/2006
Prepared comprehensive QC procedures for production of precast elements.
Participated in department’s internal audit and succeeded as part of the team to obtain the ISO 9001.
Collaborated in architecture design drawings process.

Site Engineer, Modern Centre Contracting, Kuwait. 12/2003 – 11/2004
• Execution of multiple projects of villas structure and fit out in various locations in Kuwait
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Excellent Computer skills include MS applications, MS project, AutoCAD and Pertmaster.

CERTIFICATES & LICENCES
CSCS Construction Skills Certification Scheme (08/2011, UK) First Aid at Work (11/2011, UK)
Supervision &Management of Work at Height (09/2011, UK) Crane Management (07/2012, UK)
SMSTS Site Management Safety Training Scheme (03/2012, UK) Lean 6 Sigma Intro Workshop (06/2018 EG)
DLR Track Awareness Training, PTS Card (03/2013, UK) PMP Knowledge area Courses (06/2009 KW)
Supply Chain Management (07/2014, EG) Planning & Control with Oracle Primavera P6 (In Progress)
Railway Systems Engineering (Micro MSc) (In Progress)

PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIPS:
Egyptian Syndicate Member. ICE Graduate Member.
Kuwait Syndicate Member. RICS Student Member.
Contact this candidate