JD DONDELINGER
Frederick, CO ***** 303-***-****
adx7wt@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/jeff-dondelinger

SOLUTIONS FOCUSED DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONS / ENGINEERING MANAGER

Director of Operations and Manufacturing Engineering Manager with significant experience in Lean Manufacturing, Six Sigma, and project management. Highly skilled in process and operational improvement with a history of success in implementing solutions to improve efficiency and functionality while reducing costs. Adept at managing large workloads, prioritizing needs and establishing realistic schedules and budgets. Excellent interpersonal and written communication skills with collaborative and effective leadership and team building style. Proven track record of cultivating a positive work environment, earning employee loyalty.

key competencies

●Lean Manufacturing: Extensive experience in designing, implementing, and maintaining processes that follow lean manufacturing principles. Continuous improvement and eliminating waste.
●Six Sigma: Knowledgeable in Six Sigma principles and their practical applications. Extract and analyze data to identify and eliminate areas of inefficiency. Eliminate process defects to reduce costs and improve operational functionality.
●Project Management: Proven expertise in developing systems and procedures to standardize and enhance operational efficiency. Skilled in logistics and orchestrating resources. History of working with cross-functional project teams to meet organizational strategic goals. Experience launching new products through every stage of the process, including specification and voice of the customer, designing for manufacturability, documentation, full marketing release, and sustaining engineering.
●Leadership: Strong collaborative management style leadership and coaching skills. Able to lead and coach others while utilizing team members’ unique abilities and talents. Build effective long-term relationships with team members and stakeholders.

EXPERIENCE

Suez Analytical Instruments 2018 –Nov. 2022
Senior Engineering Manager
Managed a team of Engineers and technicians that support the Instrument and Consumable Assembly product lines, directing and coordinating teams to improve Operations through design, efficiency, scrap reduction, ergonomic improvements, and tooling improvements.
●Provided meaningful leadership, coaching, and development of team members ensuring positive and effective cooperation with cross-functional team members to ensure business objectives around safety, quality, efficiency and new product development are met.
●Resolved problems using methodical data driven solutions that involved innovative techniques, technologies and concepts, as well as analyzing production trends to mitigate business risk.
●Determined engineering feasibility, cost effectiveness and production capability for new and existing products.
●Forecasted operating costs and diligently managed department budget.
●Advised leadership of new developments which may affect profit, schedule, costs and customer relations to exceed business objectives.
●Provided leadership of capital and continuous improvement projects focused on developing and managing a project plan for desired results.
JD Dondelinger adx7wt@r.postjobfree.com Page Two

National Technical Systems 2017 –2018
General Manager
Orchestrated P&L success and business development including sales growth, marketing strategies, negotiating and closing deals, process improvements, and innovation.
●Led organization to meet or exceed corporate profit objectives.
●Identified and implemented best practices for continuous process improvement.
●Trained, supervised and directed Department Managers in management development issues.

Mile High Flea Market 2016 –2017
Director of Operations
Oversaw all Operations and budgets of the company including Engineering, Operations, Mechanical, Maintenance, Communications, Construction, Security, Grounds Crew, and Facilities.
●Worked in partnership with Management Team to develop strategic and overall business plans.
●Developed budget and capital expenditure goals and managed costs against these goals.
●Completed three major projects on time and under budget.
●Provided comprehensive technical leadership of all capital spending projects and strategies.

PANalytical/Analytical Spectral Devices, Boulder, CO 2013 –2016
Director of Operations
Held accountability for every aspect of operations, including a $1.5M annual budget (capital procurement, head count, and operational expenditures) and all internal reviews.
●Led a cost-saving initiative saving $297K in 18 months by negotiating or changing vendors, increasing quantities for price breaks and placing blanket orders.
●Implemented new scrap and freight efficiency metrics, leading to a 16% reduction in waste and saving more than $100K in freight costs in 2015.
●In 2015, negotiated with several companies to achieve a 40% reduction in logistics spending.
●Reduced total inventory from 1.6M to 1.2M by adjusting Kanban levels, removing obsolete parts from inventory, increasing turns from 4.7 to 5.5.
●Implemented Six Sigma Systems, which involved measuring critical processes and reporting root-cause-analysis and other data-based metrics to identify and resolve issues and inefficiencies.
●Achieved ISO Certification applied ERP/MRP systems and managed seamless environment migrations.
●Created strategic approaches to drive growth and revenue, installing service centers worldwide.

ADDITIONAL RELEVANT EXPERIENCE

PANalytical/Analytical Spectral Devices, Boulder, CO
Senior Manufacturing Manager, Production New Product Integration Manager

EDUCATION

Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO
Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.), Industrial Engineering
Contact this candidate