SENIOR PRODUCT MANAGER
Results-driven and innovative leader with sound experience in developing and executing the product vision, strategy, and roadmap in alignment with the company's overall goals and objectives. Highly skilled in creating the go to market plans, including customer and industry focus, sales strategy, pricing, and success metrics. Adept at driving product awareness and adoption while working with marketing & sales and defining product strategy and roadmaps. Demonstrated expertise in driving end-to-end product development, including product specification, user experience, price-performance model, and growth initiatives. Proven experience in leading organizations through process- oriented, complex data-driven decision-making, generating value for both customers and shareholders via product releases and strategic direction. Remarkable acumen to administer multiple tasks, perform within a fast-paced environment, work effectively under pressure, and meet tight deadlines. CORE COMPETENCIES
• Product & Program Management
• Strategic Planning & Execution
• Product Strategy & Roadmap
• Risk Assessment & Mitigation
• Go-To-Market Strategies
• Team Building & Leadership
• Complex Problem Solving
• Organizational Development
• Cross-Functional Collaboration
• Decision-Making / Adaptability
• Effective Communication
• Relationship Management
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Product Manager, Oak9, Product Oct 2022 – Present
Head and monitor a highly-skilled product team, including the UX design and product management with strategic leadership.
Develop, oversee, and prioritize the product roadmaps and facilitate development & security teams' pivot directions to meet customer needs and company goals.
Create a cohesive roadmap between five cross-functional technical teams by establishing clear goals, communication channels, and coordination mechanisms.
Assist with all aspects of marketing and product documentation, from research and strategy development to content creation and design.
Play a significant part in sales and partnerships to reach successful deals and cohesive relationships for repeat business. Chief of Staff/Engineering Sr. Manager, Rackspace Technology, Rackspace Security Solutions Oct 2020 – Oct 2022
Administered insight and execution direction for the security technology strategy efforts across the Rackspace Technology solutions portfolio.
Rendered day-to-day assistance to the Vice President of Security Solutions and provided confidence to stakeholders in strategy delivery through consistent communication.
Supported strategically in driving revenue for the Security P&L while overseeing the product development efforts diligently.
Synchronized cross-function, cross-regional teams including Global P&L leaders, Product Managers, Sales, Marketing, Process, and Execution leaders, significantly increasing stakeholder visibility, control, and delivery
Assisted Operation leaders in devising and implementing effective operating strategies to run new products and technologies.
Led the security solutions software development team, agile delivery of new portfolio tools, and customer-facing products. Cody D. Johnson
Spring Branch, TX, 78070
602-***-****
adxaa8@r.postjobfree.com
Cody D. Johnson Page 2
Acted as the stand-in leader for the security solutions organization, delivering decision-making, conveying the needs of the organization, and acting on items in lieu of the VP. Senior Manager, Infrastructure Services, Rackspace, OpenStack Public Cloud Apr 2019 – Oct 2020
Headed a highly-talented agile cross-functional team, including site reliability engineers and UI developers.
Spearheaded and owned critical stakeholder and product owner relationships to produce increments of work that met/exceeded business requirements.
Delivered exceptional DevOps services for the operations and development teams across the OpenStack Public Cloud business unit.
Supervised a cross-functional team within the business unit to deliver a new product called SpinUp that provided the same infrastructure at a lower cost.
Provided agile methodology training to educate senior leaders and members of the cross-functional team as a Certified Scrum Master.
Conducted a monthly automation/operations review with the organizational leaders to identify priorities and focus for the DevOps team.
Piloted a herculean effort to deliver SpinUp UI and APIs to a successful launch through organization and strategic planning efforts.
Designed the cross-functional agile structure consisting of a consolidated backlog, daily standups, and KPI reports. Operations Manager, Rackspace, OpenStack Public Cloud Nov 2017 – Apr 2019
Steered improvements to the OpenStack Public Cloud infrastructure through documentation, processes, and collaboration across the business unit and Rackspace.
Developed and executed strategic processes to collect and create documentation for responding to infrastructure alerts, building a wider pool of engineers capable of addressing time-sensitive problems, and removing single points of failure on-call.
Orchestrated and enforced a vital cross-training program to assist quickly on-board additional engineers out of silos and worked in a consolidated pool of talent while reducing on-boarding to two weeks for an initial ramp-up of a product.
Built a cross-functional team that focused on creating an efficient process for the replacement of critical storage drives and established a baseline process for infrastructure hardware replacements across the business unit.
Drove the force of development documentation overhaul, removed onboarding gaps for new developers to the OpenStack Public Cloud, and slashed the overall time taken from a year to six months to learn a product and the workflow. EARLY CAREER EXPERIENCE
Manager of Fanatical Support / Administrator I-II at Rackspace, Managed Backup (Nov 2013 – Nov 2017)
Staff Sergeant (E-5) at United States Air Force (Apr 2006 – Jan 2013) EDUCATION
Bachelor’s Degree in Management with a Concentration in Leadership (2020) – American Military University, West Virginia
PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
Program Management Foundations (2020) Program Management for IT Professionals (2020) Professional Scrum Master I
(2018) Emerging Leadership School (Rackspace) (Fall 2015) Military Leadership and Management Development Course
(AF) CompTIA A+ Certified (2007) CMR Certified, Air Force Cyber Operations Transition Course “X-Course” (2012) Security+ Trained (Technical Training) Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) Trained (Technical Training)
Contact this candidate