Benjamin Yehooda
Technology Executive with **+ years in finance and online platforms
adxgxb@r.postjobfree.com New York, NY 10018 +1-973-***-**** https://www.linkedin.com/in/ben-yehooda/ Summary
Highly accomplished Technology Executive with 20 years of progressive experience in management, strategy, and digital product design. Background in finance, banking, trading, and online platforms. Driven by best organizational practices for compounding improvements in productivity and processes, implementing best-in-class technologies. A software engineering leader with a high-level vision and strategy comprehension. Skills
● Technical Skills: C#/ASP.Net,
JS, MSSQL, MVC, OOD, DDD,
Multi-threading, API, AWS,
Azure, Cloud, TFS, VSTS,
Python, Apache
● Soft Skills: Leadership, Project
Management, Strategic
Planning, Emotional
Intelligence, Mentoring,
Coaching, Process
Development, Remote work,
Architecture & Infrastructure
Design, Integrations,
Communication &
Presentation, Business
Architecture
● Certifications: SAFe Agile,
Design Boot Camp, Scrum
Product Owner, Accredited
Certification™ Program
(SPOAC™), MCPD.NET
● Tools: Jira, Tableau, GitHub,
Alteryx, Data Modeling,
PL/SQL
Achievements
Directed products to raise $2M Managed 50+ Led 6 mth Company turnaround $1M P&L responsibility Professional History
Consulting Firm (The Palladium Group, Teem Ventures, VibeLyst, MetTel., CareRider, etc.) Mar 2018 – Current Intermittent/Fractional CTO/Dir./VP of Software Engineering NYC
● Designed and implemented departments’ operation processes and policies.
● Introduced agile methodologies to improve team efficiency and project success rates.
● Introduced new hiring & Firing processes, performance reviews, coaching, and mentoring policies.
● Designed and oversaw new systems, tools, and technologies for improving development processes.
● Designed software solution architecture and managed development projects.
● Requirement, Project, Product, Engineering/R&D, DevOps, Operations, Support, Reporting.
● Could infrastructure, 3rd party services & libraries, BE microservices, APIs, FE UI/UX design. PwC (Deutsche Bank, USAA, EMC Insurance, Global Payments, etc.) Aug 2018 – Jul 2020 Tech. & Mng. Cons. NYC
● Consulted on business and technology strategies for the largest financial institutions worldwide.
● Designed and oversaw the implementation of systems and policies for the best software development process.
● Designed and oversaw new systems, tools, and technologies for improving development processes.
● Designed software solution architecture and managed development projects.
● Requirement, Project, Product, Engineering/R&D, DevOps, Operations, Support, Reporting. McKesson, ADX Studio, Single Touch, etc. Aug 2010 – Jul 2018 Software Engineering Manager Canada
● Managed the software solution tactical engineering team of 50+ from various cultures and backgrounds.
● Created a cohesive, coherent, high-performing team with the dynamics to accel at any challenge they faced.
● Introduced a group-interview hiring process, conducting performance reviews, coaching, and mentoring.
● Collaborated, influenced, and motivated across departments to promote new policies, processes, and tools, leading to a compounding improvement of operations and improving the quality and quantity of the deliverables.
● Designed and implemented systems and procedures for continued Agile Team Foundation Server (TFS) Lean Kanban development process of a stable, non-regression, fast, and iterative software development process in highly regulated environments.
● Improved customer relationships and promoted a deep understanding of customers’ needs. BullMatch (Online Trading Platform Startup) Jul 2008 – May 2009 Co-founder and CTO Tel-Aviv, Israel
● Hired and then trained the lean software start-up team members.
● Oversaw and directed the successful development of digital software products contributing to the company’s success in raising $2M from angel investors.
● Managed the development department of engineers, designers, QA, and architecture advisers, achieving a fast and stable collaboration around product development.
● Led the opening of the startup’s first office, increasing productivity delivery of the product. F.M.R. (Financial Management Resources) Dec 2007 – Jan 2009 Software engineer Tel-Aviv, Israel
● Design and development of high-performing object-oriented design (OOD), online integration to the stock exchange market solutions, enabling real-time online trading with the stock exchange market.
● Used TFS and an agile methodology for improved performance. I.F.P. (International Financial Products) Dec 2006 – Dec 2007 Software engineer Tel-Aviv, Israel
Discount Bank Dec 2005 – Dec 2006
Software instructor Tel-Aviv, Israel
Education
Executive MBA Cornell University, 2018
S. C. Johnson Graduate School of Management, Ithaca, NY B.Sc. Open University of Israel, 2006
Exact Science, Physics Major, CS Minor Israel
Contact this candidate