Hassan Mohamed Reda Nafie, PMP/PRMG
Civil/Structure Engineering “Design/Detailing”, Estimation, and Project Control Professional

Address: Cairo, Egypt
Contact Number: +20-102*******
Email: adxhvh@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/hnafie/
Summary:
A PMP® certificate holder, Civil/Structure Engineer with +28 years of experience, directing teams and subcontractors to accomplish varied types of work.
Experience spans across multiple construction fields - from oil and gas to airports, commercial buildings, cement and steel plants, power stations, and transmission towers which led to an increase in client’s confidence consequently increase in the sales of 4 global Gulf organizations.
Proficient in technical, commercial, and control aspects of operations tasks, such as Project Management Control, Engineering “Design/Detailing”, Estimation, Contract Evaluator, and Sales Support.
Academic Education:
Faculty of Engineering - Ain Shams University - Cairo, Egypt 06/1993
Bachelor of Science in Engineering, Civil Structural Department, Grade: 77%.
Postgraduate Licenses and Certifications:
Project Management Institute (PMI) - Pennsylvania, United States 04/2021
Certified Project Management Professional (PMP) Certificate Number 2994535, Grade: Above Target
American University in Cairo (AUC) - Cairo, Egypt 06/2012
Diploma Of Professional Program of Project Management (PRMG), Grade: On Target
Brief of Knowledge & Skills:
Languages: English (professional), Arabic (native).
Hard Skills: Tekla Structures, Prosteel, Staad Pro, Ram Connections, Microsoft Projects, Primavera P6, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, AutoCAD, Idea Statica, Prokon Connections, Revit, Navisworks.
Soft skills: analytical thinker, highly organized, proactive, self-motivated with a strong work ethic, problem-solving, conflict resolution, having a customer-centric mindset, collaborating with stakeholders, a can-do attitude, and the desire to deliver results, having a passion to take ownership of projects and providing sound technical leadership.
Working Experiences:
Ferrometalco Steel Construction (FMC) - Cairo, Egypt And Dammam, KSA
Position: Engineering Manager 06/2020 – Present
Setting up a system for examining and accepting technical submittals for the complete project life cycle, which includes design, detailing, and material control utilizing international codes like AISC. Managing a technical staff made up of 40 employees divided into 4 separate divisions.
Monitoring early warning procedure to assure the opportunity to expedite any necessary improvements in the delivery of team output, verifying lessons learned, motivating the teams to achieve best performance, which led to an increase in their KPIs of 75%.
Managing internal stakeholders such as top management and external stakeholders such as governmental authorities, customers, consultants & suppliers.
Ensuring that the workshop/site inspection will conform with contract papers, authorized submittals, codes, and standards which leads to the success of the fabrication/construction quality program on the projects, which includes quality audits and checkpoints.
Supplying constructability inputs during bidding, evaluating & awarding contracts by assisting in preparing pre-qualification documents.
Examining the general terms and conditions of the contract to identify risky areas like ambiguities, disagreements, or departures from the agreed-upon scope of work. As work progresses, offer suggestions to the project for mitigating these risks, carefully review and assist with corrective measures, instructions for raising change requests and change orders.
Linking different Engineering disciplines to communicate/perform data analysis and recommend resolutions, Expert in steel structures, valuable experience in other multi-disciplined fields tasks such as concrete, mechanical equipment, piping, and module assemblies.
Participating in pre-fabrication/construction meetings and validating receipt and approval of submittals and monitoring technical queries’ system for each project.
Facilitating coordination of internal team’s/subcontractor’s work with third parties such as public agencies, Reviewing subcontractor’s monthly invoices, and validating achieved quantities.
International Buildings Systems Factory (IBSF) - Riyadh, KSA
Position: Engineering Manager 05/2019 – 05/2020
Enhanced the design/detailing output of 56 members existing at KSA on site, Jordan, And Palestine remotely.
Cleveland Bridge Steel Limited (CBS) - Jubail, KSA
Position: Project Manager + Engineering Manager + Estimation Manager 04/2015 – 04/2019
1.Project Manager Achievements For 12000 tons Aramco Haradh Gas Plant Project:
Managed external stakeholders, such as clients, and gave them the required status updates. also collaborated closely with other internal key stakeholders, such as the company's senior management, and provided them with accurate, comprehensive information on the project's status, budget, schedule, progress, planned, actual, and anticipated resources and productivity, trends, and risks.
Observed closely PMC Staffing “KPIs”, verified time sheets, invoices, cash in/out diagram to maintain cost saving without sacrificing other milestones such as scheduling & quality.
Controlled the procurement activities with the Procurement department and kept on budget.
Coordinated the identification of risks, monitored preventive measures, and/or set corrective actions as much as required to improve the project status, consequently mitigating the risks.
Maintained a safe, clean working environment by enforcing rules, safety, and regulations.
Used new management methodologies such as Agile in addition to a normal Waterfall methodology.
2.Engineering Manager Achievements:
Improved all 30 members’ KPIs by 85% by getting them well trained to do design/detailing activities.
3.Estimation Manager Achievements:
Supported sales team in obtaining quotes, reduced company's proposals prices by 20% through negotiations over pricing and fees, while ensuring the continuation and enhancements of services based on goals and available resources, and remained in line with market fluctuations, used win-win negotiation skills with clients, and as a result, won 5 large scale projects contracts in Saudi Arabia, including the Aramco Haradh Gas Plant and Sec HQ in Riyadh.
Checked contracts versus proposals and agreed with clients about contradictions resolving way.
Energya Steel Fabrication (Energya) - Rabigh, KSA And Cairo, Egypt
Position: Engineering Manager 10/2007 – 03/2015
Monitored 27 staff members distributed at 2 locations/specialisms, Increased their KPIs by 80%.
Ferrometalco Steel Construction (FMC) - Cairo, Egypt And Dammam, KSA
Position: Chief Structural Design & Detailing Engineer 10/1999 – 09/2007
Completed delegation period at our HQ in Germany for Mexico power plant with 100% success.
NAFCO Complete Concrete And Finishing Works (NAFCO) - Cairo, Egypt
Position: Construction Manager 10/1997 – 09/1999
Accomplished on time & on budget all execution phases of 5-floor building from A to Z.
Ferrometalco Steel Construction (FMC) - Cairo, Egypt And Dammam, KSA
Position: Structural Design & Detailing Engineer 02/1995 – 09/1997
Trained to do all design& detailing work as scheduled and got 90% shop drawings output precision.
DORRA Consultant Office (SPACE) - Cairo, Egypt
Position: Superintendent Project Engineer for Concrete, Finishing Works 07/1993 – 01/1995
Supervised the site work for 23 residential buildings executed by 2 contractors on a turnkey basis.

References & Projects Achievements Lists will be submitted upon request.
Contact this candidate