LaNese Taylor-Boyd Ford
Huntsville, Alabama *****, adxi19@r.postjobfree.com, 205-***-****
About me: I retired after thirty (30) straight years of working. I was an Assistant District Manager, an Engineering Utilities Assistant Manager and a Restaraunt Assistant Manager. I enjoy people and have supervised in several type capacities. I have strengths in my ability to communicate well with the public whether it is residents, utility owners, municipalities, contractors or commercial business owners and developers. I have construction inspection experience and have been known for favorable conflict resolution skills, being one who is teachable and able to follow instructions. I have a good work ethic, I like to serve others and can be depended upon.
Experience: From November 2012 to December 2019, I was the Assistant District Manager in Talladega, Alabama for the Alabama Department of Transportation, Fifth District. I was offered advancement and transfer to a different Area for this position. I aided the District Manager in maintaining the AL Routes that are travelled by the public. Assist in the maintenance of the State Highways, State Bridges and the State's Right-of-Way. Supervise the three (3) Administrative Support Assistants in the Front Office. Ensure the office was open and fully available from 7:30 am to 5:30 pm daily to the Maintenance Technicians, Shop Mechanics and Travelling Public. Manage the priviledged public use of the ROW by encouring the design efforts of various Utility Owners, Private Property Owners (both Commercial and Residental) and Dignitaries by way of Utility Permits, Driveway Permtis, Outdoor Advertising Renewals, Grading and Landscaping Permtis, etc. Plan and Attend On-site Attend Public Involvement Meetings. Resolve issues concerning encroachments with Department's ROW. Prepare Permit Applications for utility installations, tree trimming, herbicide, etc. which involves a lot of telephone calls, many face-to-face meetings with public and countless hours of computer research by use of Google Maps, Intradepartmental Websites, Alabama GIS, Transview, ROW Maps kept in our office and sometimes visiting Construction Offices to obtain accuracy and gather additional pertinent information. Read the necessary manuals for accurate application of the guidelines and specifications, received and corrected many applications. Compile preliminary information (by measuring indoors on blueprints or outdoors in the roadways) to make suggestions to the applicants or their appointed representative where it concerned State or Federal guidelines.
From May 2005 to November 2012, I was the Assistant Utilities Manager in Birmingham for the Alabama Department of Transportation. I was offered a promotion to this position. Read and review the accuaracy of SAHD Agreements, Utility Engineering: Consultant Agreements, Permits, Relocation Cost Estimates, Relocations Plans and Drawings, Utility Bid Proposals and Utility Invoices so that they can be recommended to the next level of the approval process. Arrange and attend On-site Meetings with various utility owners, municipalities, contactors and dignataries to resolve potential conflicts that arise and may cause delay in the preliminary documents, the relocation efforts or the construction of the project. Discuss terms of project relocations with Power Companies, Gas Companiesand many other utitlity owners to include State Representatives, Mayors, and the consultants representing various utility owners as well as the public taxpayer. Compile many emails daily with explanations and resolutions in a courteous professional manner. Read the necessary manuals for accurate application to the guidelines and specifications.

From March 1994 to May 2005, I was an Engineering Assistant for the Alabama Department of Transportation. I was promoted to an Engineering Assistant II during this era. I began on the roadway inspecting construction activites being performed outdoors by the roadway contractors in Gadsden, Alabama under the supervision of a Project Manager. Calculated quantities for earthwork volumes, asphalt rates, QC/QA for asphalt and grades for roadway construction using plan, contract manuals and highway specifications. Inspect jobs using visual observation and checklists. Review plans, contracts, field notes, Specification Books and Department manuals in orfer to check for accuracy and compliance. After accepting the promotion, I went to work inside from May 2002 to May 2005 to aid in the Third Division Construction Office as the Monthly Estimate Assistant. Engineer in all necessary duties to ensure Jefferson, Shelby, Blount, St. Clair and Walker Counties were aware of what is the current operatiing procedures according to the Specifications via memos, emails, telephone or person to person sessions. Check all the monthly estimates in the Third Division (multiples coming from the aforementioned counties) for fifteen (15) different Project Engineers (Intradepartmental and Consultants), the County Transporation Engineer and City Maintenance Engineer for mathematical errorsand proper form documentation for payment processto the contractor, as well as several other duties.
From September 1990 to March 1994, I was employed for Sonic Drive-In while attending college at Gadsden State. Waitress by delivering orders outside to the customer's vehicle or the inside Dining Area for payment and any additional food services. One had to be able to count money as this was a system wherein you paid for the order out of a given amount of money and collected that amount back from the customer. I was promoted. Fountain is responsible for listening to the loudspeaker. Prepare all sodas, milkshakes, and ice cream desserts. After seven months, promoted to the presigious duty of Trays much like a Shift Leader. Keen knowledge of every item on menu as it is stated and ensure it is prepared accurately according to the special order of the customer's request within three minutes, cooked fresh. And finally, promoted to Assistant Nightime Manager. I ran the entire shift alone with my crew, opened store, closed store, keyholder, counted all monies, access to safe and made deposits to the bank and most of all, satisfied returning customers. I had longevity with my employees, only terminated two people and did not have anyone to quit because of the way I managed my people. It was very gratifying work, but offered no insurance, and I worked every weekend. In March of 1994, I was offered and accepted a position with ALDOT. It was a better job in my field of studies and offered benefits.

References and Education available upon requests
Contact this candidate