SCOTT R. EBRIGHT
570-***-**** adxp4k@r.postjobfree.com
Accomplished Mechanical Engineer and Manufacturing Operations leader with extensive experience delivering quality, operational efficiency, enhanced production and sales for globally recognized brands.
Strengths include Project Management, Team Leadership, Full Cycle Operations and Sales.

CORE SKILLS
Engineering Project Management Scheduling Negotiations
Six Sigma Vendor Relations Machining Programming
AutoCAD MicroCadam MS Office Master Cam

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
Led a $21.4M expansion project to successful completion 45 days ahead of schedule and for $1.8M less than estimated.

Drove the growth of a Machine Operation startup, increasing sales over 10x within 7 years and yielding profit margins of up to 35%.

Reputed by world renowned brands (GM, Ford, TRW, Borg-Warner, Alcan Cable, ACF) to deliver incredible returns on investments for multi-million-dollar projects, resulting in further reward of new projects across the US.

Led multi-disciplinary teams of professionals in complex, multi-faceted construction projects with flawless execution.

Collaborated regularly with senior executives to identify project goals and demonstrate proof of concept designs, delivering planned ROI, increased market share and profitability.

Coordinated, qualified and uploaded all outside vendors into a quality control system to achieve consistent products and services, creating significant savings.

Redesigned and implemented an entirely new manufacturing operation achieving a 12% increase in production and 90% reduction in scrap.

Created an entirely new manufacturing line for a new product ahead of time and under budget.

Increased total plant production by 14% for a multi-million-dollar facility.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

M-B Companies, Inc., (Specialty Trucks) Muncy, PA 2015 - Present
World class, trusted manufacturer of airport runway maintenance equipment, pavement striping equipment, various size truck, tractor and loader attachment equipment and much more.
MECHANICAL ENGINEER II
Director of American Society of Mechanical Engineers, Section VIII Division I compliance for pressure vessels. Performed a full spectrum of functions to include conceptual design, layout and specifications for all sales activities, utilizing Kaizen, Kanban, 5S and Six Sigma integration.

SPX - Flow Technology, (Nuclear Valves) McKean, PA Contract 2011 - 2012
Partners with leading nutrition, health and industrial manufacturers with operations in more than 30 nations and sales in over 140 countries.
SENIOR INDUSTRIAL ENGINEER
Performed contractual Project Management involving quality control, fabrication and machining for the purpose of constructing a new weld room and 800-amp electrical services upgrade for Lot Acceptance Testing.

SCOTT R. EBRIGHT PG. 2

Prototype Machinery, Inc., (Custom Automation Machinery) Milton, PA 2001 - 2011
Founded in 1999, employs 4 employees and generates approximately $2 million in annual revenue, performs machine shop computer numerical control (CNC).
CEO/PRESIDENT/SENIOR PROJECT ENGINEER
Owner and operator performed extensive Project Management, Sales and Engineering of high-speed custom machine design to include: R&D, PPAP testing, product development, initial sales presentations, customer interface, testing, training, vendor relations, negotiations, operations and installations.

C & D Technologies, Inc., (Telecommunication Batteries) Leola, PA Contract 2000 - 2001
Delivers world-class power solutions, manufacturing and supporting innovative systems for the conversion and storage of electrical power for more than 100 years.
PROJECT ENGINEER/DESIGN ENGINEER/CONSULTANT
Fulfilled Project Management functions under a contractual basis for a $12.5 million dollar expansion. Role included driving capital equipment installation projects, automation, bid documentation, compliance to specifications and scheduling of contractors.

BBA Nonwovens, Inc., (Pulp and Paper) Lewisburg, PA Contract 1999 - 2000
Commercial manufacturers of spun bond nonwoven fabrics used in the production of dryer sheets, filters, carpet underlay and other products.
PROJECT ENGINEER/DESIGN ENGINEER
Performed Project Management under a contractual role to upgrade existing machinery and systems as a part of capital equipment installation projects.

M & M Mars, Inc. (Candy Bars) Elizabethtown, PA Contract 1998 - 1999
American multinational manufacturer of confectionery, pet food, and other food products and a provider of animal care services, with $40 billion in annual sales.
GENERAL MANAGER/PROJECT ENGINEER/DESIGN ENGINEER
Served as contractual Project Manager for a 21.4-million-dollar expansion project including high-speed capital equipment and structural steel design for new building additions. Performed bid documentation and specifications to include all drafting, sub-engineering, and contract management.

EDUCATION / CERTIFICATIONS

Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineering, Pennsylvania State University, University Park, State College, PA

Certified, National Board of Boiler and Pressure Vessel Inspectors
Certified, Hydraulic Theory, Goulds Pumps, Inc.
Certified, MicroCadam / Cadam, AutoCAD LT/R12/R13/R14/R2000/Inventor, SolidWorks, Virtual Gibbs CAD/CAM, Pennsylvania College of Technology

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS

Member, National Society of Professional Engineers
Member, Pennsylvania Society of Professional Engineers
Member, Pennsylvania State University Alumni Association
Member, American Society of Mechanical Engineers
Member, American Society of Materials
Member, American Welding Society
Member, Society of Manufacturing Engineers
Contact this candidate