SAULIUS KAMINSKAS
**** ******** **** ** ********: 865-***-****
Knoxville, TN 37932 ady6xq@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
Seeking a challenging position in mechanical engineering, sophisticated CAE projects, structural optimization, team leadership, consulting, CAE tools evaluation, development, and other duties with respect to education and wide experience.

CAREER SUMMARY
Senior Engineering Professional with Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering, Executive MBA, and experience in applying analytical techniques, scientific and engineering research, software development, industrial and manufacturing projects. A self-starter and team player with expertise in structural mechanics, optimization, electromagnetic analysis, and other engineering fields. Demonstrated interpersonal and leadership abilities, efficient problem solving, creativity and mentoring strengths. Excellent communication skills interacting with management at all levels. Citizen of USA.

SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Engineering: FEA with large deformation, plasticity & contact, dynamic response, transient phenomena, stability analysis, etc. Specialized in structural/stress, fatigue, thermal analysis, NVH, structural optimization and trade-off analysis, control systems analysis, control strategies development, electromagnetic field simulation, etc. Familiar with ASME Boiler Pressure Vessel Code Section VIII.
Simulation Tools/Software:
Currently used: Abaqus, Isight, Tosca, Fe-safe, Arrow fluid, CREO, ANSYS, Space Claim, Unix, Linux, Windows, MS Office, Windchill, Fortran, Python.
Used earlier: NASTRAN, LS-DYNA, HyperWorks, Adams, Patran, I-DEAS, Matlab & Simulink.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

OAK RIDGE NATIONAL LABORATORY 09/2010-11/2022
Engineering Analyst
Neutron Technologies Division, Oak Ridge, TN
Collaborated with team on neutron mercury target design development and optimization.
Performed and provided technical reports for thermal, modal, and proton pulse transient multi-physics analyses for various design concepts of target steel body.
Developed the optimal design search technology and software package for mercury target frequently hit by high power proton beam pulses.
Acquired Abaqus Fe-safe fatigue analysis technology and adopted for mercury target body and welds fatigue life calculations with static and dynamic aggregated loading cycles.
Completed linear, nonlinear, static, dynamic, fatigue analyses with optimization for variety of neutron instrument components including series of thin aluminum windows at vacuum passages for neutrons.
Adopted Abaqus electromagnetic analysis module and performed R&D with high power magnet field simulations to estimate and improve the shielding for neutron instrument sensors and components.

FORD MOTOR COMPANY 10/1997-07/2008
Technical Specialist, Product Creation Application Engineer (1/2001-07/2008)
Product Analysis and Verification Systems, IT, Dearborn, MI
Hands on advanced CAE analyses, FE models development, optimization, robust optimization, crash simulation, results review, interpretation, and presentation, etc.
Conducted dynamic analysis in time and frequency domain for full vehicle assembly and subsystems.
Provided training and CAE consultations for the company’s mechanical engineers and suppliers.
Evaluated engineering software applications, conducted benchmarking, supplied recommendations to upper management on cost, capability, and the quality of results.
Managed CAE software portfolio support, licensing, and supported relationships with vendors.
Developed engineering methods and software such as “Genetic algorithm application for the solution of V-8 engine design optimization and statistical trade-off problems” and implemented them into product improvement process up to the final release.
Product Design Engineer (10/1997-12/2000)
Automatic Transmission Engineering Office, Livonia, MI.
Completed various linear and non-linear finite element analyses (FEA) for powertrain systems, components and their dynamic interaction with vehicle body and chassis.
Performed dynamic simulation with load cases analysis, correlation with lab test results, design validation, and recommended design improvements for transmission manufacturing.
Conducted hydraulic and electro/hydraulic transmission control systems modeling and simulation.
Identified sets of control design parameters for optimal automatic transmission performance.
Participated in Powertrain Control Strategies development and fixing the problems at release stage.

ENGINEERING ANALYSIS SERVICES (EASi), Bingham Farms, MI 11/1993-10/1997
Senior Project Manager
Worked as consultant and supervised CAE projects (20-25 projects per year) for Automotive OEMs in durability, NVH, thermal, flow, optimization and other areas for quality and cost reduction purposes.
Mentored new employees. Prepared twenty-four university graduates for engineers’ jobs at Automotive OEMs.
EDUCATION

Ph.D. Mechanical Engineering, Moscow State University of Civil Engineering, Russian Federation
M.B.A. Executive Program, Purdue University, Lafayette, IN
M.S., B.S. Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Kaunas University of Technology, Lithuania

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Professional Simulation Engineer, international certification by NAFEMS, UK, (06/2017).
Employer Sponsored Training (Ford, EASi, ORNL), (11/1993-10/2022):
Corporate Professional Conduct, Diversity, Green Belt Analyst Training and Certification, DFMEA, DFSS, DOE, AR&R, Solution Delivery Methodology (SDM), ISO 9000 Awareness, Gear Design and Gear Noise, Project Management, Vacuum Systems Design, Various other work-related trainings.
Contact this candidate