(Curriculum Vitae)
Adil M. Alhawi (BSc. Civil Engineer)
Personal Data:
Name: Adil M. Alhawi
Date & place of Birth: June 04, 1964 -Iraq-Basra
Citizenship: Iraqi
Qualification: BSc. civil engineering-University of Basra-Iraq Gender: male
Marital status: Married
e-mail: ady6qv@r.postjobfree.com
ady6qv@r.postjobfree.com
Cell phone: Iraq: +964**********
Home: +964**********
Languages: Arabic (Mother tongue), English (Fluent) Educational summary
(1982-1986): BSc. Civil Engineering Basra University- College of engineering / Iraq 4 Construction, Materials Hydraulic Water Water Years Final . Quality year full Technology Constructions project time Survey, Control, study, in irrigation studies)Concrete Soil My studies BSc. Physics& . & Also Design, drainage such is about it as Mechanics, concerns Structure (system. Hydraulics, Civil Engineering the Hydrology, Design, Water Design Facilities Resources which of Fluid Hydraulic comprises Mechanics, Constructions which structures, comprises (Building Ground and,
(1979-1981): Baccalaureate exams grade A-A
Almarkaziyah High School, Basra-Iraq
Key responsibilities
I' am an enthusiastic, structural engineer with (BSc. ) in civil engineering self- motivated working with excellent communication and team-working skills at all levels with substantial experience in variety of project management and design of civil engineering, infrastructure, transportation, highways & traffic engineering, and housing. I' am looking for position as senior structural engineer with a respectable company can offer me new scope of thinking in our environment, I’ am cheerful, pleasant when working under pressure with clear vision of future objectives.
That Includes-
Had a single-point responsibility for all Civil & Structural engineering deliverable to ensure they are in line with the key project drivers, and that they conform to all applicable engineering codes and standards, customers’ policies and procedures,
& asset operational needs.
Manage & drive the Civil & Structural engineering and design team performance on the project in line with the Project Scope, the P6 Schedule, the CTR Man hour budgets, & the Master Deliverable List (MDR).
Trouble-shooting the design, identifying and resolving issues with engineering and/or fabricator by raising and resolution of Site/Technical Queries
Closely work with construction contractors’ site to ensure projects are executed as per deign packages
Provide direction & guidance on defining and resolution of all technical issues relating to Civil & Structural engineering. This is to be maintained on the Engineering Actions Register & discussed in engineering meeting.
Promote safe behavior & safety in design principles at all times.
Ensure a cooperative interdisciplinary approach to engineering design during all stages of design development, construction, per-commissioning, and start-up.
Plan and update project forecasts to completes, weekly & monthly reports, & attend progress meetings.
Plan discipline resource requirements to identify shortages or surplus resources.
Coach and mentor direct reports to a higher standard of performance.
Liaise with the customers Engineering, Operations and Maintenance representatives as required to ensure a consistent approach to project completion
Ensure that all work is completed without compromise to quality.
Project Scope Definition & confirmation with client
Production of discipline deliverable list (MDR) in line with project scope
Production of discipline actives list in line with project scope
Participation in interactive planning session with engineering manager, planner, and other disciplines to ensure each project discipline is aligned on the key project milestones and each disciplines dependence.
Production of a project needs list and raising Requests for information.
Production of Project Assumptions, Exclusions, & Qualifications list.
Produce project site survey plan & scope of work for discipline. Professional experience
Item
No.
Name of Company
Working
from
Working
to
Country
and city
of Work
Position
1- UNDP Jan, 2020 June, 2023 Iraq-Basra
Team leader Engineer,
Rehab. Of Basra water
& infrastructure
projects
2-
Hilal Al Basra Company for general
contracting, Sept. 2012 Dec, 2019 Iraq-Basra Project manager & Logistic Manager
3- JV of M a’a Al S a ma ’a & K.M.K.
international Companies Nov. 2011 August 2012 Iraq-Basra project manager, construction work
4- Schwob Building Company Ltd. May,2011 Oct. 2011 Iraq-Basra Consultant engineer, QA and Manager
5- International Projects Company
(I.P.C.) Oct.2010 April, 2011 Iraq-Basra project site Manager, construction work
6- Maraby Al- Iraq Al-Khadra Company Jan. 2010 Sept.2010 Iraq-Basra Operation manager,
QA, QC &, logistic
manager
7- United Construction Companies
(U.C.C.S.P) Jun. 2009 Dec. 2009 Iraq-Basra Project site Manager, construction work
8- Al Zaqura Group Company for General
Contracts Sep. 2007 May. 2009 Iraq-Basra operation manager, logistic work
9- UNOPS May. 2007 Aug. 2007 Iraq-Basra
constructional project
Engineer, construction
work
10- Al- Enma'a Steel Company Aug. 2006 April 2007 Iraq-Basra Senior constructional
Engineer, construction
work, QA and QC
manager
11- Azady telecom Company Jan. 2005 July 2006 Iraq-Basra Project construction
Engineer, & logistic
manager
12- Almarafe'e Engineering Co. Feb. 2003 Dec. 2004 Iraq-Basra Supervisor Engineer, construction work
13- Decorama Engineering Group Feb. 2000 Jan. 2003 Iraq-Basra Project manager, construction work
14- Alsa’ad Construction Company March.1999 Jan. 2000 Iraq-Basra Project manager. construction work
15- General Establishment of Iraqi Ports- March 1997 Feb. 1999 Iraq-Basra Project manager. construction works
16- Aljubury Company for General
Contracts
May 1996 Feb. 1997 Iraq-Basra Consultant engineer, construction work
17- Al Faw General Company for Irrigation
projects Nov.1993 Apr.1996 Iraq-Basra
Project site Engineer,
drainage and irrigation
work
18- Al Faw projects company- Southern
projects department. Jan.1991 Oct.1993 Iraq-Basra
Project manager,
earthwork and
construction work
Activities:
1- Member of Iraqi Engineering Union since July 1986. (Consultant engineer degree June 2012).
2- Has a Registration in the directorate of Labor and Social assurance y in Basra. 3- I have good experience in business which includes:
Issuing and organizing of final accounts and tax issues for the companies.
Organization of contracts for companies for various types of works.
Organizing commercial and technical proposals for various types of tenders
Participation in many courses for local and international oil and gas fairs.

4- Participating in many of oil and gas festivals like ADEPIC in UAE for the years 2013 & 2014 and the oil and gas festival in Basra –Iraq for the years 2013, 2014, 2015 & 2016.
--Key Skills
I have managed many difficult engineering projects that were successfully
Completed on target.
Operating Systems: Windows XP/VISTA/7/8, Internet Browsing & Emailing
Computer knowledge: MS Office (Word, Excel & Power point)
Excellent oral and written communication (English and Arabic)
Issuing the Contract documents and engineering drawings.
Working under various funding schemes.
Management of high-profile civil engineering projects, both in the office and
In situ, with contractors, consultants' clients, police and public authorities.
Site survey including topographical survey and data collection and monitoring.
Public consultation and participation.
Objective and techniques of infrastructure projects and techniques of multi- story buildings construction.
Experiences
I had been Supervised & implemented many of projects dealing with construction civil engineering works, including earthworks of roads, yards, embankments of the rivers, replacement of the weak soils with strong ones with high specifications for the foundations of buildings and constructors as well as the drilling work of the foundations of huge facilities, which sometimes exceeds 15 meters below the natural ground level especially in work sites of a soft and weak soil nature:- 1- Supervising and implementing many of projects for the construction works including concrete works and steel works for multi-use industrial and residential facilities.
19-
Al Nida’a Company -Construction of
Two Floors School in Al Hessian
Quarter in Basra City.
Jun. 1988 Dec.1990 Iraq-Basra Project manager.
construction work
2- Planning, Supervising and executing a number of projects of internal and urban & high way express roads and transportation work with the asphalt works. 3- Supervising and implementing a number of projects steel structures for multi- floor buildings such as schools, residential buildings and other multi-purpose and uses.
4- Supervising and implementing a number of projects including breaking new river beds or changing the old routes of rivers,, implementation of drainage systems, regulators along the river streams, implementation and installation of water pumps dealing with drainage water for those sites. 5- Planning, Supervising and implementing of a number of camps for companies operating in the oil sector in the oil fields.
6- Supervising and implementing of a number of projects for infrastructure works consisting of sewage water systems, water networks, roads, water purification plants and wastewater treatment plants.
7- Supervising and implementing a number of projects dealing with mechanical works of steel and concrete tanks for the storage of oil and water for industrial works and maintenance works of firefighting systems for oil tanks. 8- Supervising and implementing a number of electrical and mechanical projects in relation to lighting systems, pumps, cooling and heating systems. 9- Supervising and implementing a number of projects for construction, electrical and mechanical works in relation to the installation of communication towers for the mobile phone network.
10- Supervising and managing a number of contracts related to logistics and transportation for major companies operating in the oil sector.
Declaration
I hereby declare that all the above information is given by me are true to the best of my knowledge. In case if I am selected, I will assure you that, I will fulfill the expectation of your organization.
Contact this candidate