CAREER OBJECTIVE:To be associated with a progressive organization that encourages learning,
enhances my interpersonal skills and stimulates technical and career growth. PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
● Civil Engineer with over 13 + years of experience in High raised Residential Apartments, site execution works, finishing works, BBS Preparation, Client Billing and Contractor Billing in various project.
● Preparing activity plans towards the successful execution of Civil works of project.
● Attend the meetings of client and explain the work progress and our action plan for work completion according to the Mile Stone Chart.
● Coordinate with site staff by conducting weekly and monthly meetings.
● Maintaining the relationship among the different activities, to stream line critical paths and to increase the speed of the work execution with optimal utilization of resources.
● Doing cost analysis to the activity executed and for the future planned activity.
● Handling material procurement for site and coordination with store In-charge and Head Office.
● To prepare bills and coordinate with client for getting payments in time.
● Coordination with Officials, Contractors and Consultants for the completion of the projects at the earliest.
● Finalization of Civil work billing quantities and get approval from Client.
● Preparing Client and Subcontractor bills and get it certified.
● Maintaining Quality Control of work as per technical specification.
● Planning for execution of works according to milestone and completing it in time RAMAMOORTHI (Senior Engineer)
Mobile: +91-805*******
Email :ady7gq@r.postjobfree.com
JOB PROFILE & RESPONSIBILITIES:
COMPANY NAME : ASIA (Chennai) Engineering company pvt ltd. PROJECT NAME : Ambience Concept Park view.
TYPE OF WORK : (B3+G+22) Residential apartments (Structural and Finishing) CLIENT : Universal Realtor's Private Limited
PERIOD : June 2022 - till date
DESIGNATION : Senior Engineer.
LOCATION : Gachibowli, Hyderabad.
COMPANY NAME :
Project Name : JP NORTH CELESTE
Type of Work handled : (G+15) Residential apartments (Structural and Finishing) CLIENT : JP NORTH
PERIOD : JAN 2017– JUNE 2019
DESIGNATION : SITE ENGINEER
LOCATION : MIRA, Bhayandar, Mumbai, Maharashtra.
COMPANY NAME : Yashpal constructions pvt limited
Project Name : NMIMS UNIVERSITY
Type of Work handled : (G+7) University building (Structural and Finishing) CLIENT : SVKM
PERIOD : JUNE 2019-JUNE 2022
DESIGNATION : SENIOR SITE ENGINEER
LOCATION : Jadcherla, TELANGANA
COMPANY NAME : Colliers International India Property Services PVT.LTD Project Name : Ambience Park View(Residential and Commercial building area
(14,00,000 sft)
Cost of Project : 82,00,00,000 (only for-RCC,Block work and Plaster) Type of Work handled : (B3+G+21) Residential Building and
(B3+G+17) Commercial building (Structural and Finishing) CLIENT : Universal Realtor PVT LTD.
PERIOD : JUNE 2022 -TILL DATE
DESIGNATION : PROJECT ENGINEER
DEPARTMENT : Project Management.
LOCATION : Gachibowli, Hyderabad,TELANGANA
Roles & Responsibility:
● Execution of Civil works (Structural and Finishing) as per drawing approved by the Architect.
● Preparing Subcontractor bills and get it certified.
● Maintaining Checklist and Pour card as per the guidelines of Project Manager.
● Updating plan and progress report to the Project Manager.
● Planning for execution of works according to milestone and completing it in-time.
● Coordinate with Incharge for planning, execution & material requirement.
● Updating progress report and prepare weekly & monthly reports.
● Managing the planning and design stages of civil engineering projects.
● Performing due diligence on the impact and feasibility of new construction sites.
● Overseeing all project stages from preliminary layouts to final engineering designs.
● Surveying new construction sites and assessing existing structures for upgrades.
● Designing and recommending improvements to computer-aided design (CAD) software drawings and schematics.
● Performing cost estimations and preparing project budgets.
● Preparing work schedules and allocating resources, as well as supervising junior engineers, construction managers, workers, technicians, and contractors.
● Ensuring that civil engineering projects are completed on time and within budget.
● Inspecting completed projects for compliance with industry codes, specifications, and safety standards.
● Documenting processes and presenting project progress updates to senior managers and clients.
● Maintain and interpret site drawings, topographical drawings, construction drawings, re-bar drawing and re-bar schedules.
● Setting out from the contract drawings/information, carry out surveys as and when required.
● Be able to use robotic instruments, GPS instruments, lasers, levels etc.
● Ensure works are carried out as per the contract drawings and specification.
● Maintain records, site diary, quality assurance documentation, reports and records.
● Provide as built information.
● Ensure gangs are working correctly, implement and maintain permit to dig and other relevant permits
(if applicable). Assist/have responsibility for the Health and Safety matters on site
● Communicate with the site manager/rest of the site team and assist with the organising of site, this would include materials, forecasting materials / plant required and sub-contract management.
● Be able to attend meetings/deal with the client/inspectors if the site manager cannot attend.
● Be a point of contact for the clerk of works/client/gingers/sub-contractors to assist with the progression of works and carry out any inspections required with any required party.
● Assist with inputting information/duration's to programme of works EDUCATION CAREER:
● B.Tech in Civil Engineering from Sri Chaitanya Technical Campus Engg college (JNTUH), with an aggregate of 70% (2009-2013)
● Board of Intermediate from CV Raman Junior College, Wanaparthy (MBNR) with an aggregate of 60%. (2007-2009)
● SSC from Pragathi High School, Wanaparthy (MBNR) with an aggregate of 79%. (2006-2007) COMPUTER SKILLS:
● Operating System: Windows XP/Windows 7
● Office Tools : Microsoft Office Excel
● Application : AUTO CAD
ACHIEVEMENTS:
Successfully completed :
Residential building, Andheri (Mumbai): Successfully handed over to the client with in stipulated time.
Residential building (Staff Quarters) and Commercial Building(Gilrs Hostel) Jadcherla. Successfully handed over to the client.
PERSONAL SKILLS:
● Optimistic, Adaptive to any environment.
● Quick learner and hard working.
● Work effectively with diverse group of people.
● Ambitious, hardworking and committed to excellence.
● Having knowledge about Post Tension slab and Mivan shuttering. PERSONAL DETAILS:
Name : Kethavath Ravi
Father’s Name : Kethavath Sarya
Sex : Male
Language Known : Telugu, Hindi, English
Marital Status : Married
Nationality : Indian
Permanent Address: Appaipally (V), Wanaparthy (Md & Dist), Telangana - 509206 DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above details are fully true to best of my knowledge and belief. Place : KETHAVATH RAVI
Date :
Contact this candidate