Ahmed Khan Shahid

I started my professional career in the sphere of satellite communication as a broadcasting/transmission engineer in a span of 20 years with various tv channels & operated the various areas including studio (sound and vision), off-line, outside broadcast, transmission and master control operations. I built upon this broad broadcasting experience through working with a digital broadcasting equipment solutions provider, initially as a Field Support Engineer, Systems Specialist then as a MCR Manager.

The support role involved working with broadcasters around the world, fault-finding and solving 'real-world', often urgent, system integration problems. Other duties within this role included installations and upgrades, and providing training (both writing and presenting technical training for internees. Each of these roles gave me exposure to, and required a working understanding of, a significant number of the systems as used by all broadcasters, as well as account, project, and human resources management.
Personal Details
Age: 35 (with sound health)
Nationality: Pakistani
Marital Status: Single.
Languages: English (native), Urdu.
Experience
(2019-2020)
Home N Kitch SDN BHD, Malaysia.
Worked as an E-Commercial Entrepreneur.

IT Station PTE LTD, Singapore.
Marketing Manager for Online Marketing.

(2016-2019)
Heritage Foundation of Pakistan.
Producer for Heritage video documentaries.

(2015-2016)
Multi Carrier per Channel, UAE
Transnet communication PVT LTD.
Master Control Room Manager.

(2011-2015)
Media Times Limited.
Transmission Engineering Manager.
Business Plus Television and Zaiqa Television.

(2009-2011)
Dhoom television.
Broadcast Engineering Supervisor
Ensuring all technical areas and services are maintained to the highest engineering standards. Responsible for team and its outputs, reporting directly to the Transmission Engineering Manager.

(2007-2009)
Zam Television.
System Specialist
This work involved integration (system design, build, and configuration) of complex digital broadcast systems. NDS supplies various solutions for broadcast systems control, and 'secure delivery of content' (conditional access). It involved both lab and on-site work and was essentially a more in-depth expansion of the role I carried out in Field Service, with the added responsibilities of project management and initial installation.

(2003-2007)
Labbaik television.
Technical Operator / Engineer Wide range of engineering duties including:
VT engineering, dubbing, editing, vision engineering (live programmes, 5 remote controlled cameras), sound engineering (live programmes), sound assisting (pre-records), graphics, installations and maintenance,
MCR/Transmission operations (including vision mixing on local news bulletins), compliance and technical previewing.
Also, PC/network support and development (Unix, Mac and DOS/Windows, TCP/IP Ethernet), and telephone exchange maintenance.

Education
2002: Clifton Grammar School Clifton, Karachi, Pakistan.
“O” Level.
Area of Study: Graduated in the field of Science and Technology.

2003: British Council Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
Area of Study: Course in English Language.

2004: D. J. Sindh Govt. Science College
Board of Intermediate Karachi Sindh, Pakistan.
Area of Study: Computer Science.

2008: Sindh Multimedia Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
Area of Study: Certificate for Hardware and Information Technology.

Plot-19C, Suite-3,
Phase 5 Ext.
St # 1 Bader Comm. D.H.A. Karachi, Pakistan
0755.

033********/
032********

ady764@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate