Engr. Syed Tanveer

Cell: 033*-******* & 033*-*******
Address: ***-*- *******-***, ******. Pakistan
Email ID: adybv7@r.postjobfree.com

I want to expedite the opportunity with humble submission that considers my portfolio for progression to Director Operation. I was selected for the post of General Manager (Engineering & Projects) in Dec-18 at Security Papers Limited got through extensive recruitment process on merit.

An energetic individual looking to put up an important part of my professional experience & engineering knowledge to drive methodology lead to positive results. I am highly passionate looking forward for working with your organization in achieving par excellence outcomes.

Professional Experience
I have 25 years of Engineering Projects experience in diversified manufacturing process plant including Textiles, Petrochemical Plant, Leading Paint, Pulp Industry, Sugar Industry & Power Plants Projects.

I have been exhibiting executive role in organizations in attainment of strategic objective including goal-setting, analysis, strategy formation, strategy implementation and strategy monitoring, development and execution of Business Continuity Plan, Sustainability Objectives, Quality, Safety and environment management system

I have an expertise in Installations of Package Type Plants, Thermal Oil Heaters, HVAC System, Air Handling Units, Air Conditioning Plants, Generators, Steam Turbines, Compressors, R.O Plants, Water Softening Plants and Effluent Treatment Plants.

I possess command in Project Management including Evaluation, Monitoring, Supply Chain management, Logistics, Administration and Workforce selection. Detailed experience elaborated below.

General Manager (Engineering & Projects) Security Papers Limited Dec18-till Now(Continue)

I have been working in Security Papers Limited since Dec-18 almost four years as General Manager (Engineering & Projects) with high spirits and achieved various milestones including

i. Drastic minimization of paper machine down time by means of effective maintenance techniques adoption, conditioning and monitoring of equipments and spares management.
ii. Increased Paper Machine speed,
iii. reduction of maintenance cost w.r.t manufacturing cost
iv.Effective manpower Management
v.Reduction in overtime.

Detailed achievement report in SPL attached herewith Annexure-A

General Manager Works Bashir Pipe Industries Jan18-Nov18

I have been entitled the portfolio of to oversee the operations of the company including:

i. Streamline the production orders in accord with requirement of client
ii.Maintenance adopting state of the art maintenance standards to increase productivity and controlling of machine down time.
iii. Equipment Augmentation Projects to enhance the efficiency of plant machinery
iv.Optimize production to 8000 Metric Tons/ Month in compliance with quality assurance and quality controls standards.

Deputy General Manager Project Premier Industrial Chemicals Jan17-Dec17

I have executed smooth installation and commissioning of the projects listed below:

i.Expansions of 400Tons/day Ethanol Plant including Expansion in Distillery & Molasses Tanks,
ii.Erection of CO2 Plant 100m3/day.
iii.Installation /Erection of Power House STG 07MW along with Erection of High Pressure Boilers 38-68Bar.

Senior Project Manager Unique Engineering & Construction Dec11-Jan16

I have managed the projects of Industrial, Commercial & Residential Construction including Structural designing formulation and calculations, Planning, Drawings preparation, approval from consultant (LBDC Consultants & Client), Evaluation and execution, Projects are listed below:

i.Supervising Rehabilitation of Head Balloki Project BB/ICB-01 & BB/ICB-04
ii. Construction Of New Gated Spill Way, Rehabiltation Of LBDC & Existing B.S Link at Main Barrage Head Balloki.
iii.New B.S Link Canal at Main Barrage, Head Balloki.
iv.Shahbaz Air Base
v.Raas-Ul-Maktab
vi. Oriental Fruits (Pvt)Limited
vii.Dennis Schools
viii.Tayyab Paper Mills
ix. Khushab Coal Mines
x.Expansion of Ittehad Chemicals 200Ton/Day .
xi.Erection Of Oil Depot at DolatPur & Sarai Norang

Timely completion of project reflected saving of 420Millions PKR on account of effective supply chain management market exploration, material/equipment selection and reduction in deployment of resources as compared to stretched timeline

Chief Engineer JDW Group(Paper Pulp Division/FPM Feb11-Nov11

I have completed installation and commissioning of the projects listed below:

i. Steam Turbine 8MW, High Pressure Biomass & Chemical Recovery Boiler,
ii. Effluent Treatment Plant.
iii. Evaporation Plant
iv. Pulp Plant Machines along with back Process De-barker, Digesters and Washing Bleaching Plant.

Senior Manager/Manager Maintenance Berger Paints Pakistan Jan8-Jan11/May05-Dec7

I have actively carried out Preventive Maintenance including weekly, Monthly & annual shut down in compliance with scheduled timelines and quality standards with energy management system, Budgets estimation & cost allocation of all maintenance and projects activities.
Successfully installed and commissioned projects related to production enhancement listed below:
i. Flexo & Offset Ink Plant 150M Ton/Month.

ii.Vehicle Refinishes 30Ton/Month. Thinner Section 150Ton/Month
iii. Alkyd Resin Plant 0.8Million Metric Tons/Month
iv. Thermo Plastic and Chemical Plant 65 Metric Tons/Month, Storage Capacity 400 Metric Tons.
v.Expansion of Enamel & Emulsion Plant from 1000Gallons- 6000Gallons keeping Safety projects as per NFPA standards.

Down Time reduced to 0.67% with saving of Rs 2.8Million.
Timely completion of project reflected saving of Rs 9Millions on account of effective supply chain management market exploration, material, equipment selection, and reduction in deployment of resources as compared to stretched timeline

Safety Management System:
vi. Sprinkler system, Smoke & Photo Beam detectors, Fire Doors, Fire Hydrant System 1125Gpm with water Reservoir 150,000Gallons. Fire Walls, Conductive Flooring, Lighting arresters, Emergency Exits, Bunkers for Solvents.

Manager Maintenance Kohinoor Dyeing Mills(Maple Leaf Group) Aug03- May05

I have timely completed Plant Expansion from 2.0million to 4.0 million meterage side by side with complete Preventive maintenance including:

i.Planning, scheduling & their implementation,
ii.Man Power Management, Smooth availabilities of Utilities,
iii.Calculation Maintenance Cost with optimum reduction in overheads.

Mechanical Engineer Rupali Polyester (Polyester Yarn & Fiber manufacturers) Jan99-July03

Department executed routine maintenance activities including
i.Smooth operation of Utilities plants
ii. Preparation of Lubrication schedules and its timely execution
iii.Condition Monitoring of Plant Machinery and rectification of critical observation
iv. Documentation & completion of Maintenance History cards. Planning, Scheduling, Supervision & follow ups

Education:

B.Sc Mechanical Engineering U.E.T, Lahore Year 1995-99
B.Sc Double Maths/Physics P.U, Lahore Year 1991
F.Sc Pre-Engineering Govt Science CollegeLahore. Year 1989
Matric Sir Syed Cambridge School, Lahore Year 1986

Final Year Project:

Engine Friction analysis & Lubrication System:

The project includes study and recommendations pertain to optimization of engine efficiency, the scope of project listed below.

i.Reduction in friction to enhance metallurgy and lubrication qualities and techniques
ii.Transformation of chemical energy to kinectic energy with reduced losses
iii. Enhance lubrication system effectively supplied to application points between contacts surfaces.

Professional Trainings / Certifications:

Name of Institution
Venue
Period
Training Course

From
To

Chartered Accountants Rehan & Co
Ramada Hotel
March 9, 2022
March 9, 2022
Corporate Governance, Companies Act & Corporate Reporting
Centre of Excellence in Responsible Business
CERB Institute
October 7, 2020
October 7, 2020
Materiality and Stakeholder Engagement through SDG lens
APPANAGE
Marriot Hotel
April 1, 2021
April 2, 2021
Industrial Wastewater Treatment Principles & Practices
Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS)
PIMS Lahore
July 3, 2017
July 3, 2017
Principles of Good Management
LUMS Institute
LUMS University
March 15, 2015
March 15, 2015
IOSH and NEBOSH Safety Perspective
UET Lahore
UET Lahore
April 12, 2000
April 19, 2000
Microsoft Project & Primavera

Key Technical Skills
i.Project Scheduling using MS Project & Project Management
ii.Critical Path and Risk Analysis
iii.Resource development & its Utilization Monitoring
iv.Forecasting and Revision of Plans and Budget
v.Shutdown Maintenance Planning and Execution
vi.Reliability Centered Maintenance
vii.Communication Skills
Personal Details:
Date of birth : 24 Oct, 1971 Marital status : Married
Interests : Technical innovations, New Engineering Researches
References : Will be furnished if required
Contact this candidate