BRIAN TERBUSH
Chicago, IL • 415-***-**** • adyb79@r.postjobfree.com

TOP-PERFORMING DIRECTOR OF SOFTWARE ENGINEERING
Software Engineer • Engineering Manager • Software Developer • IT Project Manager
Agile Project Management • Software Engineering • Project Management • Mobile Applications
Increased Productivity • Created Mobile App • Optimized Processes • Reduced Costs

WORK EXPERIENCE
Sabbatical, Chicago, IL 2022 - 2023
●Received AWS Technical Essentials Certification
●Received React.js Essential Training Certification
●Received Swift Certification
●Received Node.js Essential Training Certification
●Received JIRA Overview
●Received Introduction to Conversational AI Certification
●Received Kubernetes Certification
●Received Generative AI for Business Certification

Allstate - Arity, Chicago, IL 2020 - 2022
Senior Software Engineering Manager
●Led 2 separate teams with up to 19 direct reports while building software roadmaps and strategies and collaborated with the product team for project planning and execution.
●Spearheaded the design and development of Native/ML and iOS/Android applications built on the cloud to monitor vehicular crashes using deep learning on the edge.
●Managed end-to-end tasks related to developing automotive telematics insurance software used for setting insurance premiums that achieved over 1M iOS (Swift) and Android (Java) downloads within the first 6 months of launch.
●Responsible for identifying project risks and develop mitigation strategies.
●Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams including product managers, designers, QA engineers, and operations.
●Provided hands-on guidance and mentoring to junior engineers while promoting a positive work environment that encourages collaboration and knowledge sharing among teams.
●Experience working with SDLC best practices including CI/CD and software test automation.
●Expert in Agile Software Development. Experience with Atlassian, especially Jira, Confluence.
●Experienced and innovative leader with a strong background in managing managers and is technically hands-on with their teams.
●Conducted 1-on-1 sessions with reports to share feedback regarding lifecycle management.
●Conduct interviews for candidates, and engage the team to do technical interviews.
●Create clear and well-thought-out technical design artifacts with careful considerations of system dependencies, failure states, maintainability, testability, and ease of support.
●Forecasted project needs and initiated hiring requests to ensure adequate staffing.
●Directed teams from the U.S., India, and Ireland, including directing and assigning work.
●Leveraged experience working with product leadership in an Agile environment.
●Develop and implement performance metrics to monitor and improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the team.


Self-Employed, San Francisco, CA 2016 - 2019
Independent Consultant
●Experience leading a scrum team.
●Conduct code reviews, and make technical contributions to product architecture as well as getting involved in delivering features and solving bugs.
●Boosted unit test percentage from 40% to 80% to maximize productivity and efficiency.
●Utilized extensive experience to provide strategy, Swift, Objective-C, Java, Spring Boot, distributed computing, Agile environment, and AWS architecture to build personally owned and developed software.
●Utilized agile methodologies and conducted regular code reviews.

Wanderful Media, Los Gatos, CA 2012 - 2015
Senior Mobile Software Staff, Manager
●Created the first mobile app, developed prototypes and contributed to the iOS Objective-C codebase, the app was featured by Apple and had millions of downloads following its release.
●Supported HR functions, including hiring, training, and leadership of a team of engineers.
●Provided day-to-day technical guidance to team members within an Agile environment.
●Championed the adoption of patterns to development to achieve uniformity in engineering tasks.

E*Trade Financial, Menlo Park, CA 2004 - 2012
Principal Engineer
●Experience leading a scrum team.
●Led the development of the active trading application offerings for both mobile and desktop.
●Partnered with technical delivery managers and product owners to maintain a roadmap.
●Developed E*TRADE Mobile Pro in Objective-C used by millions of users.
●Implemented new features for the flagship Java trading application for Mac and PC users.

EDUCATION
The University of Michigan, Master of Science, Computer Science
The University of Michigan, Bachelor of Science, Computer Science

TECHNOLOGIES & CERTIFICATIONS
Technologies: Swift, Java, React, Agile environment, Spring Boot, AWS architecture, Software Development, Engineering, Cloud Computing, Node.js, SDLC, Requirements Analysis, Agile Methodologies, Scrum, AI, TDD, REST, CI/CD, SQL, Git, Neural Networks, Mobile Development, KPIs, SQL, Jira, Objective-C, Javascript, Unix, Eclipse, JUnit, UML, JSON, XML, Linux, Xcode, Software Project Management, Jenkins

PATENTS
An AI Method using deep learning and apparatus for locating and exchanging clinical information WO 200-***-**** A3
A Method for modifying and publishing a web page US 200********. ABSTRACT: A method for Dynamically modifying static web pages is disclosed. The method identifies the type of data being altered.
Contact this candidate