VIJAY GAUTAM
Contact No:+917*********
E-Mail:adyll0@r.postjobfree.com.
Job Objective: Seeking assignments in leading organization in Site execution & Construction Management. Précis
A Seasoned Power and Infrastructure sector professional having more than 18+ Years of rich experience with core Competencies of:
- Business Development
- Construction and Construction Management
- Project Management and Engineering Management
- Contract Management and Cost Control
- Tendering, Negotiations & Awards
- General Management.
B.E. (Civil Engineering) from UNIVERSITY Of Pune, Maharashtra. INDIA Areas of Expertise
Project Planning & Management
Anchoring on-site construction activities to ensure completion of project within the time & cost parameters and effective resource utilization to maximize the output.
Liaison with external agencies, clients, architects & consultants for determining technical specifications, approvals for execution & obtaining on-time clearances.
Contract Administration & Management
Interpretation of contractual obligations & rights and evaluation of Technical/Contractual issues for Management reporting.
Monitoring & supervising the preparation of drawings/specifications & finalization of requirements, estimates. Site & Construction Management/Resource Planning
Supervising all construction activities including providing technical inputs for methodologies of construction & coordination with Site Management.
Supervision of a team of engineers and supervisors for various types of job and resolving bottlenecks.
Preparation and review of Method Statements, Work Specific Quality Control Plans, documents as per specifications of contract document.
Organizational Details
*Working as Project Manager with M/s Vastu Sadan Pvt. Ltd. 122A/12, Gautam Nagar New Delhi-110049 since 1st Sep 2022 in Building Projects at Gurugram NCR. New Delhi.
Past Experience:_
*Worked with Chaluen Sekong Energy Co., Ltd., CSE Building, Nongbone Road, Unit 08. Nongbone Village, Saysettha District, Vientaine Capital – Lao PDR. as Contract Engineer for various hydro power projects under constructions since 4th May 2021. To 30th Sep.2021.
*Worked with Chaluen Sekong Group Co, Ltd., South Road No. 13, Lomsaknue Village, Bachieng District, Champasak Province, Lao PDR. as Crushing Plant Manager for Namkong 3 Hydro Power Project in Attapue Provence LAO PDR since 20th Feb 2019 to 3rd May 2021.
*Worked as Project Partner with M/s Vastu Sadan Pvt. Ltd. 122A/12, Gautam Nagar New Delhi-110049 since Dec.2014 to Dec 2018. For Housing Projects in Greater Noida NCR. New Delhi.
*Worked with M/s Angelique International Ltd. 104-107,Hemkunt Tower, 1st floor,98,Nehru Palace, New Delhi-110019 India, since Oct 2009 to Dec 2013 for Nam Song Hydro Power Project in Vientiane Capital and Development of 6 Large Irrigation schemes in Champassak Province in LAO PDR as Site In-Charge.
(successfully completed construction and commissioning of 7.5 MW, Nam Song Hydro Electric Power Project in Vientiane Capital and 6 Large Irrigation schemes in Lao PDR)
Key Project Handled,
• Project Name:- Namsong Hydro Power Project. Lao PDR Client: Electricity Du Laos. Ministry of Energy and Mines. Govt. of Lao PDR. Duration: 2.4 years
Project Cost: EPC 13.2 Million USD
Designation: Manager ( Site In-charge ) for overall works related to project.
• Project Name:- Development of 06 Large Irrigation Schemes in Champassack Provience . Lao PDR Client: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry. Govt. of Lao PDR. Duration: 1.8years
Project Cost: EPC 10.50 Million USD
Designation: Manager ( Site In-charge ) for overall works related to project.
*August 2007 to September 2009 with Indo-Canadian Consultancy Services (LNJ Group). as Consultant Engineer for the construction of Sechi, Milan and Panvi Small Hydro Power Projects, Distt: Kinnaur/Shimla.Himachal Pradesh. Key Projects Handled,
Title: Construction of 03 Small Hydro Power Projects including HRT, TRT, De-silting Chamber, Power House etc. Client: DLI Power India Ltd.
Details: Planning, Scheduling, Construction of Head Race Tunnel, Dam & other infrastructural works.
*October 2004 to July 2007 with ITALIAN-THAI Development Public Company Ltd. as Assistant Manager. Key Projects Handled,
Title: Construction of KOLDAM Hydro-electric Project (800 MW). Client: National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC). Details: Construction of Drainage and Grouting galleries, mass concreting for spillway structure etc. November 2003 to September 2004 with Trident Power System Ltd. as Project Engineer. Key Projects Handled,
Title: Construction of Loweruhel Hydro Power Project (Small Hydro) Project Developer: Trident Power Systems Pvt. Ltd. Banjara Hill, Hyderabad. India Details: Liaison works with Government officials for obtaining NOC and clearances from different Govt.Departments at District as well as State level for establishing a small HPP, Coordinating with the Designer for preparation of construction drawings. Academic Credentials
Diploma In Civil Engineering from Govt. Polytechnic, Hamirpur (Himachal Pradesh). Yr 1999
B.E. (Civil Engineering) from University of Pune, Maharashtra. Yr 2003 Personal Details
Date of Birth : 10th April 1975
Phone : +91-701*******
Permanent Address : H.No. 52/7, P.O. Purana Bazaar, Sunder Nagar, Distt: Mandi, Himachal Pradesh.175019. Postal Address : As Above.
Current Annual CTC
Present annual CTC : Rs18 Lacs+ fringe benefits
Expected Annual CTC : Negotiable
Dated :- 24th March. 2023
Place:- Sunder Nagar
VIJAY GAUTAM
Contact this candidate