Shawn L. Huffman, PMP
Louisville, Kentucky
502-***-****
Email address: adyt99@r.postjobfree.com

Skills and Talents:
My management approach results in developing client relations that encourage flexibility and a positive high emotional quotient team win-win environment via project management of engineering/construction design build projects. I foster and manage a cohesive and pro-active team to produce quality, budget adherence, and schedule driven deliverables.

Experience

Bardex
Project Manager 2023 - Present
Leading Firm Engineering Design/Procurement and Manufacturing Team for Bar Latch Fairlead Mooring equipment and Chain Management System. Current project for Chevron Australia FCS (Floating Control Station) involves heavy hydraulics for 162mm chain system on new Off Shore Oil & Gas platform.

Amazon
Solutions Project Manager 2021- 2022
Leading Firm Engineering design teams for Automation/Material Handling equipment of new building installations.
Coordinating Lessons Learned from operating teams on 2021 designs to incorporate in 2022/23 construction, including update of standards and specifications.

New Cold USA, LLC
Project Director 2020-2021
Leading a global team of contractors, suppliers and cross functional departments for NewCold with headquarters in the Netherlands. Executing all stages from planning, preconstruction, construction, and commissioning for cutting-edge fully automated frozen food storage facilities/warehouses throughout the United States. Responsible for the entire project lifecycle from business development to site operation. Design aspects included robotic placement and retrieval systems, pre cast concrete structures, reduced oxygen fire prevention systems, automated load/unload rail and truck facilities.
Led the engineering design and managed installation, with special operations shutdown planning, for 900 hp air compressor, evaporative condensers, MCC harmonic filters to expand capacity throughput by 30% at existing frozen food storage plant.

Toyota/Randstad Engineering
Project Manager 2019-2020
Achieved 2000 metric ton CO2 and energy reduction at Toyota automotive manufacturing plant with a 2.8 MW Solar panel field design installation
Saved environmental 500 metric ton CO2 reduction via Air compressors with new controls and blowdown tanks
Improved Air Handling Systems for supply and exhaust of heat and cooling thru updated controls and balance

Control Touch Systems
Project Manager 2017-2018
Delivered 95% improvement of On Time Completion for Baggage and Luggage Handling conveyor system projects
Led manufacturing collaborative Team effort for design, PLC programming, installation and commission of material handling systems to support North American logistics facilities
Improved throughput rates of existing systems utilizing customized control logic programming developed as per Agile methodology process
Customers included TSA/Tri cities Airport/ Royal Caribbean cruise lines/ UPS /FedEX / XPO Logistics/ Amazon/ Ryder Logistics

Fives Intralogistics
Customer Service Project Manager 2014-2016
Led aftermarket upgrade projects at UPS in Chicago to improve throughput with singulation equipment for package handling logistics
Increased 20% capacity at Canpar in Toronto with dual level sortation chutes and cross belt sorters along with customized control logic programming developed as per Agile methodology process
Achieved increased measurement accuracy for billing with high speed scales at Purolator Courier in Vancouver
Replaced end of life power supply transformers at Canada Post facility in Toronto
Led onsite team at FedEX Dallas to improve reliability of shoe sortation primary and secondary systems
Created process to reduce time to deliver destination sortation changes at United O’Hare Cargo facility

Vogt Power Int.
Project Manager 2012-2013
Integrated engineering design and boiler fabrication to deliver greater capacity of Heat Recovery Steam Generators that were installed for Calpine/Shell Oil in Houston
Utilized South Korean and Vietnamese fabrication facilities to reduce delivery time of boiler tube equipment in support of Heat Recovery Steam Generators at domestic and international power plants.
Provided on time commission team effort for Calpine Co-Gen plant in Santa Clara, CA.
General Electric
Sr. Project Manager 2011-2012
Coordinated manufacturing of air filtration equipment for gas turbine installations at Monterrey MX. Facility
Made improvements to on time equipment delivery by 15% with coordinated engineering design process changes
Supported engineering design of sea and land based applications with stainless steel inlet air filtration
Gained insight of international fabrication and logistics coordination working in Monterrey MX.

C&I Engineering
Project Engineer 2001-2010
Delivered new product line for Jim Beam expansion in support of Food&Beverage division, including Clean in Place facilities, stainless steel vessels and piping, controls automation
Brought on line new Krispy Kreme plant, including facilities infrastructure
Delivered per the Utility Outage on time schedule, the final commission by managing construction and engineering at coal-fired power plant to upgrade ash system.
Integrated client performance requirements with equipment supplier to install 600 HP sluice pumps, 4KV cable, Variable Frequency Drive VFD, control logic instruments
Led piping design and structural support team to aid with construction
Developed new client relations within the confines of a 3rd party integrator at a Great Plains petrochemical oil refinery to aid in refinery strategic planning. Integrated engineering design for Heavy Crude Expansion Project. Effective use of Change Management procedures guided expectations over multi-year project. Process engineering design included hydraulic simulation. New equipment and facilities included 75,000 – 150,000 barrel floating roof storage tanks, pump and piping systems, substation power and distribution, distributed control systems, civil site modifications and structural support.
Achieved on time delivery of green field turn key project to create 1st U.S. based facility for Mitsubishi Gas Chemical in Richmond, VA. Engineering consisted of process flow design and equipment selection for pelletizing operations. Facilities included civil site/structural steel framing/ stainless steel piping/ electrical and distributed controls/ tank storage/ bag house filters and warehouse distribution
Responsible for design at Marathon Ashland facilities capital construction projects under $10MM. Projects included pumps/heat exchangers/ piping/ structural support/ electrical and controls

Louisville Gas & Electric
Mechanical Engineer 1988-2001
Developed and managed installation of real-time measurement system to integrate with utility SCADA for major industrial clients, General Electric/Ford/ DuPont/Fort Knox. Effort included energy analysis for customer with proposal for economic impact. A close working relationship with utility sales and marketing was crucial to success of each client project.
Managed design and construction of 5000 residential customer natural gas utility pipeline upgrade. Facilities included pipeline/measurement and regulation. Focus on customer coordination to achieve high satisfaction.
Saved 40% installation costs for natural gas pipeline facilities thru research to implement polyethylene in residential and commercial installations.
Developed training courses for utility and contractor personnel

Education
University of Louisville - Speed Scientific
Masters in Engineering Management, 2001

Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology. Terre Haute, IN
B.S. Mechanical Engineering, 1988

Professional Certification
Project Management Professional, PMP, 2003

Hey Shawn. Appreciate your kind words. It was a wonderful experience working with you. You always brought the personable and human element to all conversations. Loved everything u taught us about the world of horse racing. I am sad to see things didn't pan out fully as we hopped for your role at Amazon due to current market conditions. But you never know what future holds. No matter what, wish you the very best for all future endeavors. TC. adyt99@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate