Dennis Baughn Fremont, CA 510-***-****
adz6zw@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/dennis-baughn/
Accomplished Software Engineering Manager
Recognized for excellence across the soŌware engineering and development ﬁeld. Accomplished Senior SoŌware Engineering Manager with a proven track record of driving excellence in soŌware development organizaƟons. Demonstrated remarkable leadership skills in overseeing large, cross-funcƟonal engineering teams to deliver high- quality, innovaƟve soluƟons. Highly adept at fostering a culture of conƟnuous improvement, opƟmizing development processes, and aligning technology iniƟaƟves with strategic business goals. Commitment to mentoring and developing talent and an ability to translate complex technical concepts into clear, strategic direcƟves make them invaluable in delivering results and achieving organizaƟonal success. Extensive knowledge of Frontend Infrastructure, frameworks, and soŌware development. Experience collaboraƟng with a team of engineers to create visions and achieve long-term goals while coaching and providing mentorship. A well-versed manager who can supervise and lead cross-funcƟonal teams through various projects. Areas of ExperƟse
System Engineering SoŌware Development Agile & Scrum Methodologies
Project Management Cross-FuncƟonal Team Leadership Data Analysis
Business Process Improvement Strategic Leadership Stakeholder RelaƟonships
Web ApplicaƟons People Management Performance OpƟmizaƟon Professional Experience
RIVIAN, Palo Alto, CA
Manager, SoŌware Engineering, October 2021 - October 2022
Mentored and trained new hires to enter engineering roles of the outgoing team.
Oversaw a team of engineers, ensuring quality of work and deadlines were met.
PrioriƟzed conﬂicts, found eﬃcient soluƟons, and culƟvated producƟve bonding with Product Management, Back end
(separate team with more than one stakeholder), and engineers.
Collaborated with senior developers to analyze applicaƟon crashes and reported to stakeholders about ﬁndings. RIVIAN, Palo Alto, CA
Staﬀ SoŌware Engineer, September 2020 - October 2021
Led the development and introduced a Vehicle Intake Front End Federated Module, organizing Intake to be the ﬁrst integrated app.
Coached junior staﬀ while providing day-to-day supervision of the applicaƟons team.
Consulted with the Product Manager to architect and plan out major feature increases. SIRIUSXM AUTOMATIC, San Francisco, CA
Senior SoŌware Engineer, December 2018 - June 2020
Developed a new version of the AutomaƟc web and various mobile apps with React & React NaƟve.
Supported team members transferred from non-React/non-JavaScript backgrounds to ensure a quick, eﬃcient transiƟon.
Liaison with Expo Permissions, idenƟfying shortcomings and found creaƟve workarounds for them.
Collaborated and co-coded with junior front-end developers to ensure performance opƟmizaƟon. TEENSAFE, Oakland, CA
Senior SoŌware Engineer, May 2018 - December 2018
Managed the Front-End Lead of two oﬀshore teams.
Constructed React Web & Electron setup tool for placing iPhones into supervisor mode without having to back up or restore user's data in the process.
Analyzed and enforced standards for both React web and Electron or React apps to ensure compliance. conƟnued…
Dennis Baughn
Page 2
HEARST, San Francisco, CA
Senior Front-End Developer, September 2014 - May 2017
CraŌed SocialCards MVP app that allows users to generate and select their own memes.
Fabricated Hearst publicaƟon verƟcal called Green State (www.greenstate.com), which changes marijuana status in CA.
Major revamp of Hearst TV staƟons' website in 2016.
Major revamp of Hearst TV staƟons' mobile app (Android) in 2015. BRANCHOUT, San Francisco, CA
Senior SoŌware Engineer, May 2011 - September 2014
Operated on BranchOut as both a FB app and a stand-alone site using Javascript, jQuery, JsRender, Sass, JSP, and Java.
Assembled Facebook pages for company BranchOut sites.
Designed admin tools for company BranchOut sites.
Coded Google+ and FBConnect sign-in.
Conceptualized message posƟng web interfaces, including Facebook-style inline and associaƟve tagging and photo and other media uploads.
Additional Experience
Kodak Imaging Network, Emeryville, CA
Senior Web Developer
West Valley Engineering, San Jose, CA
Java/Web Developer
Doubletwist, Oakland, CA
Senior SoŌware Engineer
Education
Computer Programming InsƟtute for Business & Technology, Santa Clara, CA CerƟﬁcaƟons
SeƩer Sales Closer.io September 2022
Projects
Company Facebook BranhOut Pages November 2012 to Present
Created BranchOut Custom Company pages with full edit funcƟonality, customers include Starbucks. Technical Proﬁciencies
JavaScript HTML5 Android
JSX Backbone MicrosoŌ Oﬃce Suite
ES6 REACT Google Suite
CSS3 JQuery Typescript
Contact this candidate