PAUL JORDAN
**** ****** ****. **** **** Seminole, FL. 33776
727-***-**** • adzdf7@r.postjobfree.com
Engineering solutions-focused, Lean Certified, APICS CPIM Certified professional with proven success in project/operations management and continuous improvement strategy, seeking to contribute expertise toward supporting a progressive organization in optimizing performance. Calm demeanor in the face of difficulties, adept at quickly mastering new roles and responsibilities in high-pressure environments. Reputation for integrity, perseverance, and work ethic. Continuously pursues opportunities to learn and takes on challenges for further professional growth. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Civilian Experience:
Amazon (2019 – Present)
Engineering Program Manager
GESS Engineering Change Management team May 2022 – Present
Implement CI engineering initiatives to reduce processes across GESS.
Initiated & executed design/ construction enegineering packages for greenfield sites and retrofits within all building types in Amazon.
Designed, reviewed and implemented engineering changes up to $225M for Amazon’s strategic intiatives.
Led KPI’s, JDI’s and other metric based intiatives for value added improvements to numerous FC’s in NA.
Received Amazon’s Leadership Award for Customer Obsession in 2022. Operations Manager III
TPA4 Temple Terrace, FL. July 2021 – May 2022
Operations Manager for brand new launch site TPA4 OB department direct POC/Owner for Problem Solve and Pick to Rebin processes.
Developed white paper for Problem Solve department and devised training standards to set culture. Immediately ranked 43rd out of 77 sites in problem solve and over 3 months developed all 4 shifts to be currently ranked at 28th in network.
Developed white paper for Pick to Rebin process as 4th launch site in 2021 for this process. After first month, TPA4 has ranked #1 launch site for P2R process over first 4 months since launch.
TPA4 Regional Site Safety leader setting the bar in region A3 for safety.
SE Regional Manager spotlight in Janruary 2022.
TPA2 Lakeland, FL. August 2019 – July 2021
Operations POC for NS fulfillment center operations BHN’s.
Joined BHN’s team at 77% to OP and developed the shift exceeding OP at 103% consecutively for 4 straight months.
Manage direct reports supplying metrics and goals for exceeding site metrics.
Reduced Safety recordables from 12 to 7 over RIR by promoting safety awareness and involvement of AA’s.
Improved communication between shifts and departments that improved overall production process standards and quality metrics.
Rain Bird, Steele, AL. (2017-2019)
Production Manager
Directed production teams and supervisory elements for daily floor operations and established KPIs.
Improved Production and scrap in Q1 2018 from an average of 600k ft. per day to 1M ft. per day by Q4 2018 and scrap went from 22% in Q1 to 4% in Q4.
Built and developed a supervisor team from individual (had to supervise 2 shifts in the interim) to 4 supervisors by Q3 while simultaneously improving production metrics.
Developed SOPs, work instructions and training guides to improve and establish standard work practices.
Implemented numerous 5S and lean initiatives to improve daily production functions and reduce scrap.
Safety coordinator for Steele Plant to improve overall safety awareness and safety audit score from 38 in 2017 to 86 in Q1 2019. Reduced OSHA recordable from 9 in 2017/2018 to 0 in Q1 2019 of 12 month rolling.
Assessed and developed improvement process parameters for line OEE and reduction of unplanned downtime.
Responsible for 4 superviors, 4 Process Technicians and 89 production employees.
Conducted conversion of 3 traditional lines to high speed lines as well as the addition of 2 new high speed lines in 2018/2019.
Developed different material blends for better run stability and reduce materials over $200k in 2018.
Responsible for maintenance department under Production.
Filled in for Plant Manager.
GKN Aerospace (2015-2017)
Plant Operations Manager/ Program Manager
Directed daily plant objectives with IBR’s and rotatives with OEM suppliers on PW F135, GE F110, RR XWB, and PW1000 aerospace programs to meet delivery and quality targets.
Managed and directed quality metrics, engineering support and development, logistics support, and production teams to achieve forecasted deliveries in high-paced manufacturing environment.
Responsible for plant P&L, monthly department budgets, sales forecasting, raw material scheduling, customer service and program management, and overall facility direction.
Improved production efficiency by 37% in one year by revamping CNC programs and introducing new high-speed tooling.
Improved CMM inspection times from 24 hours to 17 with new upgraded software.
Maintained positive customer relationships, both new and current programs, to drive plant growth and met all customer milestones for development parts.
Safran USA (2013-2015)
Aerospace NPI Program Manager (2-year contract)
Developed supply chain planning for taking new development parts in casting structural and airfoils from engineering design to mass production stage involving all aspects of the supply chain process to ensure that production parts are on time for engine assembly.
Directed technical design specification, sourcing, and supplier development with continuous improvement efforts based on feedback from both internal and external supplier performance indicators.
Managed production milestones and completion schedules to track processes on Right-to-Left tracking plan.
Led program teams to review and approve cost initiatives, scheduling, capital requirements, process improvements, and process cost reduction factors. Exceeded all program aspects in development phase moving into serial mode to improve supplier performance.
DS Smith, Romeoville, IL (2007-2013)
Engineering Manager/ Maintenance Manager/ Safety Manager Maintained full accountability for handling all aspects of diverse projects in support of organizational goals. Applied strategic planning, prioritization, and project management skills toward consistently achieving critical deadlines while maintaining high quality standards. Proficiently managed the assembly and construction of new equipment and developed project scope and financial planning. Exhibited strong communication skills in facilitating negotiations with the outside vendors in support of time line. Trained, mentored, and supervised staff, with strong focus on optimizing productivity and performance.
Coordinated all modifications, additions, upgrades, and repair projects to brand new $220 MM facility in Concord, NC.
Supervised and directed the scheduling of hourly and salaried personnel over three shifts assigned to the maintenance and engineering labor functions of mechanical and electrical maintenance and repairs as well as operations and planning of production equipment.
Planned, developed, and implemented a three-line upgrade costing $900k to take on new business with McDonalds and increased overall efficiency.
Successfully implemented a cross-functional training program for all shift employees and established a safe and healthy environment throughout the facilities, always striving for zero accidents, and complying with OSHA and governmental regulations.
Saved the company over $184k yearly in reduced scrap and increased yield. Earned a stellar reputation and was awarded the “Environmental Stewardship Award” for directing one of many projects associated with reducing energy costs toward a “Green” initiative.
Proactively managed repair and maintenance programs and personnel, as well as delivering key presentations involving project fundamentals to senior-level executives.
Proficiently developed Capital Expenditure and budget reports, provided dynamic forecasting, trending, and result analysis tools vital to company's short- and long-term strategic business planning.
Played a key role as a Safety Manager for U.S. based operations to follow OSHA safety regulations for machine safety and Health and Safety requirements for all plant personnel.
Worked closely with senior level management to provide short-term and long-range business objectives. Military Experience:
U.S. NAVY (Active Duty 2000-2007)
Missile Technician aboard SSBN/ SSGN Submarine.
o Qualified Submariner with knowledge of missile targeting systems and nuclear weapon safety and security.
Naval Intelligence Officer.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering – Southern Illinois University, Carbondale, IL. 2002 CERTIFICATIONS
APICS Supply Chain Management
CPIM Certification,
Manufacturing in a Lean Environment
Lean 1
Lean 2
Risk analysis and Greenbelt Certification
Osha 30 hour Safety Certification
Construction Site Safety Certification.
Contact this candidate