Antonio Holguin Jr.
*** ********* **.
Las Cruces, NM 88007
575-***-****
adzdwl@r.postjobfree.com

To whom it may concern,
I suspect you will find very few candidates with experience such as mine. One I would like to put to work on your behalf.
As you will see on the enclosed resume, the depth of my experience in construction offers you the opportunity to hire a real pro that needs little or no training.
Moreover, having worked in construction in a variety of industries, I have the background to complete the tasks for your company in a timely manner. It is only due to the long-term economic failures (resulting in downsizing, layoffs, and business mergers) that I have held positions at numerous companies. However, it is this fact that now allows me the opportunity to provide your company with my many skills in your industry
I look forward to hearing from you so that we can schedule a meeting.
Sincerely,
Antonio Holguin Jr.

Experience:

Telecommunication Industry 11rs

Field Supervisor:
6 yrs with Triple S Towers
2 yrs with Enertech Resources

Construction Manager:
3 yrs with Enertech Resources
1 yr with Tilson

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Certified Competent Climber & Rigger Tower Rescue Certified, Aerial lift Certified, First Aid and CPR Certified, OSHA10 & 30 Anritzu trained, Pim trained, T-Mobile Capacity Upgrade Systems analyzation, Wireless communication installations, Equipment installation and maintenance, Analytical and Critical Thinking Flexible and Adaptable PPE Compliance, Routine inspections, First Aid/CPR Certified, Excellent Communication.

Field Supervisor:
Triple S Towers: 01/2012 to 04/2018
Enertech Resources: 04/2018 to 01/2020
Field Supervisor Duties:
NSB, site upgrades, Troubleshooting Team (Tiger Team). Trained new Techs on all aspects of troubleshooting a site from start to finish for multiple carriers. Installed RRUS, Antennas, mainlines, T-arm brackets, microwaves, coax jumpers, Squids, TMA, diplexers, A2 modules, combiners, microwaves, etc. Performed closeout packages for all carriers, labeling, picture taking, plumb and tilt readings with a smart level, photo logs etc. Assisted on maintaining a safe work environment with the daily use of safety sheets (JHA’s), emergency data sheets, tailgate meetings, inspecting and rigging tower with safety ropes. Accurately read, understood, and carried out written instructions on Construction Drawings, RFDs, Mops, Change orders, etc. Maintained and enforced compliance with companies' safety standards and zero tolerance rules. Familiarized and trained in utilizing pim gear, sweep gear, fiber light meter, compression gun, crimpers, Ret controller tool Accurately documented customers specific request on identifying any issues or alarms on site. Then provide corrective actions, resolution status and completed equipment installations. Used Construction Drawing, pre and post checks sent by remote support to prepare and evaluate network diagrams and or site configurations Worked with remote support to diagnose and resolve network and device problems clearing sites of multiple service affecting alarms. Site integrations for AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile. Configured my own templates for new techs to help them speed up the process of familiarizing equipment and site layouts. Maintained servers and systems to keep networks fully operational during peak periods.

Construction Manager:

Enertech Resources: 01/2020 to 04/2022

Tilson Tech: 04/2022 to 06/2023

Construction Manager Duties:

Assisted with new installations and inspected completed work. Calculate project costs and hire sufficient staff. Ensured adherence to security procedures. Prepared cost projections for various telecom facilities. Developed and implemented telephony systems according to project specifications. Trained and supervised team members. Evaluated staff performance and made salary increase recommendations. Ensured compliance with safety regulations and guidelines. Delegated responsibilities to various project managers especially for larger projects. Collaborated with other managers on new project designs. Prepare/update project status reports, update tracking reports and maintain files for due diligence and financials. Interact and negotiate with contractors and subcontractors. Coordinate activities of subcontractors and relocation of technical functions. Coordinate and track all Vendor RFP’s. Develop and write Phone System Scope of Work. Gather vendor quotes. Maintain accurate and consistent electronic files and documentation. Proactively manage telecom projects and related issues on account or assignment. Conduct and document all weekly meetings. Provide payload system engineering expertise support to bids. Analyse customer’s requirements and take responsibility for the design of a solution meeting these requirements. Support the workload estimate process for all RF system engineering work packages. Support customer negotiations. Support on-going projects from start to end. Provide payload system engineering expertise support to bids. Analyse customer’s requirements and take responsibility for the design of a solution meeting these requirements. Support the workload estimate process for all RF system engineering work packages. Support customer negotiations. Support on-going projects from start to end.

Personality Skills:

Strong interpersonal skills with an ability to interact with executive level external and internal clients. Highly organized with strong analytical skills. Ability to prepare and track budgets. Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite. Ability to multi-task and work both in a team and independently. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Detail oriented, organizational skills with the ability to identify and manage priorities. Familiarity with architectural drawings and furniture and space planning concepts.
Contact this candidate