Nour El Dien Yahia Mahmoud
**th of may City, elotostrad Road, Cairo
(010-********
adzr42@r.postjobfree.com
ObjECTIve
Seeking a challenging opportunity to develop career within a forward- thinking company where existing skills and experience can be used. EDUCATIon
B.SC in Mechatronics Engineering, 2018, Higher
Technology Institute, 10th of Ramadan City
Grade: Pass
Graduation Project: Production line controller
Project Grade: Excellent
ExPERIence
From June 2022 till now as facility Engineer at
the Arab Contractors for facility management
at The Ministry of Finance Towers,
From August 2020 till May 2022 as a project manager and installation engineer at Apex Group for light current projects, CCTV, fire alarm, access control, data systems, Pabx phone systems, sound systems, finger print systems .
MEP & low voltage sales engineer
Maintenance and technical support for finger print devices
CCTV and fire alarm design
From June 2018 till July 2020 as facility Engineer at Hilton Waterfalls Hotel Sharm El-Shiekh,
Responsibilities:
1. Daily recording of energy consumption
2. Solving and handling issues of Engineering
Department
3. Daily meeting with the upper management to report and discuss Engineering department needs and
solved issues
4. Daily tour for checking hotel operating machines
(Steam Boilers, Water Treatment Plant, Water
Desalination Plant, Electricity Distribution Plant and Generators, Chillers, Public Area and Laundry
Machines)
5. Responsible for Pools and landscape
6. Responsible for maintenance of small machines in Rooms, Kitchen and Bar
7. Following up the technicians and distributing tasks 8. Daily meeting with the Technicians Supervisors and receiving reports for their duties
9. Responsible for purchasing engineering department supplies and dealing with the suppliers
10. Handling of complains and issues from the guests regarding the Engineering Department
11. Responsible for reducing energy consumption
12. Cooperating with other departments for solving any issues interacting with Engineering Department
13. Taking the responsibility of Being Duty Manager 14. Participate in Blue Energy Code of Hilton for
Spreading positive energy for Stuff, Guests and Public 15. Replacing the Chief Engineer in Case of his absence.
Own Business: Designer Engineer for security systems and Surveillance Cameras
TRAININg COURSEs
Trainee in Egypt Air as maintenance Engineer
Trainee in Abou Ghaly as maintenance Engineer
Trainee in East Delta as maintenance Engineer
COURSes
HVAC Course
Fire Fighting Course
Plumbing Course
AutoCAD
Revit MEP
CNC Course (2017)
PLC Course (2017)
Micro Controller (2016)
Electrical Machine and Control (2016)
Self-Study: Designing for security systems and Surveillance Cameras SKILLs
- Language skills:
Arabic: Mother tongue.
English:
Writing: Excellent Speaking: Very Good
- Computer skills:
Excellent in dealing with Word, Excel and PowerPoint. Personal skills:
Excellent communication & presentation skills.
Self-motivated, hard worker& socially active.
Ability to set & achieve goals
Cooperative attitude
Handling Problems and issues
Creation and development
Leadership
Good Team Player
ADDITIONAl DATa
Date of birth
Marital Status
Military status
Nationality
: September 12th. 1991
: Married.
: Exempted.
: Egyptian.
References are ready upon request
Contact this candidate