Greg Camarena
Van Nuys, CA
Cell # 909-***-**** adzt5l@r.postjobfree.com

• Profile
Extensive background in Class-A office buildings, ability to troubleshoot equipment and take
corrective action on projects. Skills in prevention maintenance and mechanical inspections on
large high rise commercial buildings including parking structures. Coordinate job scheduling,
inventory control and contractor supervision, read and interpret blueprints of mechanical and
electrical schematics, specialized knowledge of HVAC and electrical systems. Perform
mechanical inspections and reports on HVAC retrofits on behalf of the ownership.

• Work Experience

Able Engineering
November 2018- February 2023
One Man Plant: Engineer

CBRE -Amazon SNA6
September 2016- November 2018
Building Engineer

ABM Engineering Services
September 2008 – October 2015
Certified one man Plant: Union Engineer
Maintained and repaired mechanical equipment, including central plant for entire campus, that
holds a
N+1 RAITING FOR SYMANTEC DATA CENTER, worked closely with building owners on TI
Construction, attended all weekly meetings and scheduled various test for the build out final
completion requirements. Coordinated all mechanical commissioning and inspections with city
inspectors and commissioning agency.

Able Engineering
January 2007 – September 2008
Chief operating Engineer: Union Engineer
Maintained and repaired all mechanical equipment including computerized energy management
system and chilled-water systems. Diagnosed and corrected problems accurately and promptly.
Worker with the property manager, engineering manager, equipment vendors, and construction
contractors. Used various tools proficiently, including digital voltmeters, air ratchets, AMP
probes, thermos-test probes, and dial caliper micrometers. Reviewed all mechanical punch lists
with ownership and made necessary required changes and or approvals for HVAC retrofit
projects.

Able Engineering
January 2005 – January 2007
One –man Plant Operator
Responsible for the completion of all PM’S and handle tenant service request, TI development,
and troubleshooting, and installation of VAV systems and pressure dependent constant volume
systems, air balancing. Inspected multi-zone and single zone air handling units upgrades, worked
hand and hand with mechanical commissioning agency to verify mechanical specs were being
met and being recorded for the building ownership. Assisted in analyzing measurement and
verification data on garage exhaust fan upgrade and variable speed drives installation.

Able Engineering
May 2002 – January 2005
Chief Engineer
Maintained and repaired all mechanical equipment including computerized energy management
system and chilled-water system. Diagnosed and corrected problems accurately and promptly.
Interacted with property manager, engineering manager, equipment vendors, construction
workers.

• Education

EPA 608 Certified Local 501
1992-1988
Contact this candidate