MARLA TATARIAN
Anaheim, CA ***** 714-***-****
adzy9j@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/marlatatarian Page 1 of 5
DESIGN ENGINEERING MANAGER
-Manager of Engineering-Virtual Design and Construction (VDC) Department The Raymond Group, 800 employees, award- winning union subcontractor and 85 years in operation. Dry wall contractor lath and plaster, thrives on keeping the construction process as smart and simple as possible by using Building Information Modeling (BIM). VDC visualize advanced wall and ceilings assemblies, coordinate trades with minimal interference, integrate prefabricated wall assemblies with MEP components. The Raymond Group gave me the opportunity to use my area of strong performance that I have, to work with diverse employees and made sure they worked as a team, One team One mission, and the responsibility to oversees all BIM/CAD and focuses on revamping the firm’s BIM/CAD initiatives as they relate to all functions in the company that become involved with process. These include involvement of the VDC department’s standards and processes, also reach out to the project management and field supervision groups in the company as they interface with the BIM IPD aspects. (See below the projects in charge).
-Director of Engineering at GrowthPoin Structures, Design Built Modular’s for multifamily solutions and Ultra Green Schools Net-Zero building in 90 days.
-Design & Engineering Manager at AMPAM Parks Mechanical, Design Built for the nation’s largest Plumbing piping design, engineering, and construction firm specializing in mixed-use, multi-family product types. Parks Mechanical increased my experience to provide our customers with the greatest possible value by leveraging the latest developments in technology, design, quality, and best practices, thought me in the term of Trade Partners. Results driven team leader who thrives under pressure and utilizes excellent business analytics, problem-solving, Manage through root-cause, team development, optimization that leads to growth and maximized profitability, deliver consistent and measurable, improve processes, within budget and time constraints, Effectiveness and efficiency metric management, KPI, Operations assessment, and verbal /written communication skills.
-Architectural Design Manger for West Region of Modular Space Corporation, Gave me an excellent management and design experience. Superb track record of commercial design, Primary roles have included responsibilities as Design Manager, Job Captain, Architectural Planner, Engineering Designer direct oversight and creation of internal architectural deliverables as well as coordination of externally developed construction documentation in the commercial modular industry.
-Instructor at MTI College, trained 3D AutoCAD architectural and mechanical drawings approximately 300 students. Proficient use of AutoCAD and BIM/Revit programs.
29 plus years CAD experience with a broad background in projects such as institutional, government, theme parks, hospitals, education, retail, commercial and housing projects. I had supported many projects in the architectural and construction field for companies such as Raymond Group, GrowthPoint Structures, AMPAM Parks Mechanical, ModSpace, GE General Electric, Parsons, Los Angeles County Office of Education, Disneyland Resort, Flour Daniel, RBB, Disneyland Hotel, City of Benicia, ESE Consulting Engineers and others. Notable projects were as the Architectural Planner on converting/renovating 42 House 2 Home retail stores.
KEY COMPETENCIES AND STRENGTHS INCLUDE:
Strong leadership in management
Decisive manage through root-cause problem solving team development and optimization that leads to growth and maximized profitability
Instills by example a culture of department continuous process improvement by the accomplishment of DMAIC “Data,
Measure, Analyze, Improve and Control” or “Plan, Do, Check, Act” on a daily basis
Melds and exemplary background across several industries with integrity and confidence to create and continuously improve processes and systems that consistently produce high quality results within budget and time constraints.
Process improvements and process documentation
Total quality management & Detail oriented
Operations and assessment
Effectiveness and efficiency metric management
Benchmarking and best practices
Key Performance Indicator (KPI)
People planning & development
Professional Customer Relation Skills
Verbal /written communication skills (effectively communicate across the organization)
Experienced delivering consistent and measurable increased value through business, financial, design, market development processes and strategies.
Willingness to perform in all levels and types of projects from intensely creative, to basic production tasks
Coordinate documents, consultants
Updated with code compliance changes
Extensive knowledge of complex interior commercial systems, plan development standards and construction details
Strong knowledge in space planning for various types of facilities
Full understanding of DD,SD,CD, Knowledge of Standard Architectural, Structural, Mechanical, Electrical, Plumbing and Fire Protection systems, Bill of Material/Routing concepts, and lean manufacturing methodology.
Sustainable and green design knowledge
Proficient in CAD systems and taking CAD to the next level
Use of BIM, Revit, AutoCAD, NavisWorks, BlueBeam, BIM 360 Glue, QML Point Lyaout, PlanGrid, Procore, Projectwise and BuzSaw, MicroStation TriForma and ProjectWise programs
Use of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Power Point)
Created blocks and templates to speed up the design process MARLA TATARIAN
Anaheim, CA 92807 714-***-****
adzy9j@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/marlatatarian Page 2 of 5
TECHNICAL CERTIFICATES:
Autodesk Revit /BIM Architecture Advanced ● AutoCAD for the Professional-Level 3
AutoCAD 3D Drawing and Rendering Applications ● AutoLisp, AutoMap, and Menu Design
AutoCAD 3D/3D Solids ● Architectural CAD-Softdesk S7 Core & Auto Architect
DSA Regulations & Procedures Part 1, 2, and 3 ● Plumbing (Water, Waste, Gas and Storm) Certificate
Construction Technology ● Education Institution as Instructor
How to Become a General Contractor ● Property Management
Softdesk Design, Earth Works, DTM, Survey, and Core/Cogo ● Accessibility Education Program (ADA Regulations & Standards) PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES:
THE RAYMOND GROUP, Orange, CA 9/2018-3/2020
Manager of Virtual Design & Construction (VDC) Engineering Department 800 employees, award-winning union subcontractor and 85 years in operation. Dry wall contractor lath and plaster, thrives on keeping the construction process as smart and simple as possible by using Building Information Modeling (BIM), Design Built primary market sectors casino, gaming, education, entertainment, attraction, healthcare, hospitality, institutional, civic, office, core and shell, parking structures, residential, multi-family housing, retail, tenant improvement, transportation. VDC visualize advanced wall and ceilings assemblies, coordinate trades with minimal interference, integrate prefabricated wall assemblies with MEP components.
-Accomplishments: These accomplishments directly related to my accountabilities and core responsibilities.
Lead entire VDC team approximately 11 people.
Oversees all BIM/CAD and focuses on revamping the firm’s BIM/CAD initiatives as they relate to all functions in the company that become involved with process.
Develop overall department scheduling in concert with Job Captains and Project Managers for meeting the project schedules.
Responsibility for meeting individual project budget as well as department budget goals (bring jobs in under budget).
Manage schedule of values, managing change orders and billings.
Staff the VDC Department including recruiting, reviewing, training and reassigning staff as necessary.
Complete quality while making the project managers, owner and GC satisfied.
Communicating with Operations project managers, field, VDC team and outside customers.
Involvement of the engineering VDC department’s standards and processes
Reach out to the project management and field supervision groups in the company as they interface with the BIM IPD aspects.
Facilitating projects through value engineering, providing complex Building Information Modeling (BIM) and proposing less expensive and more constructible alternatives.
Digital representation of the physical and functional characteristics of the project.
Collaboration and Clash detection different stakeholders on a shared model project.
Accurate solutions for complicated farming methods.
Perform field activities job site visits to learn construction farming methods.
Oversee shop drawings preparation, material quantity extraction, integration of prefabricated wall assemblies with MEP components, visualization of advanced wall and ceiling assemblies, trade coordination, time scheduling with 4D BIM, and cost estimations with 5D BIM, in house structural engineering advice for quick and accurate solutions for complicated methods.
-Use of BIM Technology: Revit Architecture, Revit Metal Wall Framing (MWF), AutoCAD, Navisworks Manage, BIM 360 Glue, Collaboration for Revit, BIM 360 team, Blue Beam, Plan Grid, Autodesk Point Layout, Procore, Robatic QML Layout.
Flexible and adaptable to change
Ability to work on multiple tasks and assignments Ensuring a high degree of accuracy
Commitment worked extended hours to deliver projects on time
Interpersonal skills that work well in a small, close, non- hierarchical work group and excel in collaborative design effort
Ability to forecast the needs of our team in regards to the documentation required for the projects, at the concept development phase
Trained over 50 individuals on MicroStaion, ProjectWise, 3D Home Architect and documentations, Educated 300 students on AutoCAD 3D
Quickly prepare design documents such as site, foundation, floor, reflected ceiling plans, elevations, sections, details, electrical, mechanical, plumbing, schedules, specifications, perspective, and 3 dimensional renderings
Understand the fleet modular building industry, this adds efficiency and effectiveness to the projects
Excellent and proven organizational optimization skills and practices
MARLA TATARIAN
Anaheim, CA 92807 714-***-****
adzy9j@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/marlatatarian Page 3 of 5
-Project Experience BIM 3D, 4D & 5D: Los Angeles Ram’s Stadium & Entertainment District (SoFi) CA$5 Billion dollar project, CSUSM Extended Learning San Marcos CA $3.9M, UC Davis West Village Housing CA $45M, Southwestern Community College Performing Arts San Diego $6.3, Facebook West Campus $7.1M, Mission Bay Build. 26A $2.3, One Paseo SD $5.2, Wework Headquarters San Francesco $4.5, 1066 Market St. SF $11.6M, 875 CA SF $8.5M, DGS Natural Resources Sacramento $9M, Varial Apartments Woodland Hills $22.2M, JW Marriott Hotel Anaheim $25M, Westin Anaheim $24M, Resort World NV $55M, UCSF Minnesota St. Housing, San Manuel Resort & Casino, Uber Mission Bay San Francisco, World Market Center NV, CIRCA NV, Performance Venue Los Angeles, Disney Golden State Expansion Anaheim, CSUDH Los Angeles, BMR N. CA, 2nd & PCH Long Beach, Landmark II Tower Los Angeles, and 120 Stockton N. CA. GROWTH POINT STRUCTURES, Carson, CA 6/2017-11/2017 Director of Design & Engineering - North & South California Design Built Modular’s, environmentally sustainable structures, solutions affordable housing, and disaster relief dwellings and Ultra Green Schools Net-Zero building in 90 days. Leading the Engineering team, Company employees size 1,000.
-Accomplishments: These accomplishments directly related to my accountabilities and core responsibilities.
Lead entire Design & Engineering team approximately 7 people.
Management decisions motivate and mentor the Engineering CAD team.
Identify key metrics / KPIs (Key Performance Indicator) to measure performance.
Developed processes for the department.
Lead Engineering team to design and support projects from construction documents, shop drawings through Production.
Coordinate with 3rd party sub-trades (Architects, Mechanical, Electrical, Plumbing, Civil, and Structural Engineers) and contractors on residential and commercial projects.
Take ownership on projects including schedules, quality, client coordination, review specifications, file organization & security.
Provide support to the fabrication team to deliver drawings from shipping containers to construction shop drawings.
-Convert the System: From SolidWorks to Revit Software.
-Projects in Charge: Lead San Carlos Charter Learning Center San Carlos, olden Permanent Supportive Housing Los Angeles, and Rocky Hill Affordable Housing Vacaville projects. AMPAM PARKS MECHANICAL, Carson, CA 6/2014-6/2017
Design & Engineering Manager - North & South California Leading Multi-family Plumbing subcontractor in Southern California. Provides design only, design build, value engineered plumbing solutions for the apartment and condominium markets (Los Angeles/Ventura 116 Properties 21,164 units, Orange County 140 Properties 36,351 units, San Diego/Inland Empire 99 Properties 25,801 units, Northern California 17 Properties 4,068 units. Projects are Podium, Slab On Grade.) Unit’s apartments complete. Also provides critical maintenance solutions and rehab solutions for existing projects. 35+ years, successfully completed more than 1000,000 units in multifamily, hospitality, high-rise residential, mixed-use, senior, student and affordable housing. Specialties are Design Build, Fabrication, Pre Fab., BIM, Revit, AutoCAD, Project Management, Lean Construction and Plumbing. Company size 1,000 employees.
-Accomplishments: These accomplishments directly related to my accountabilities and core responsibilities.
Manage entire Design & Engineering team approximately 30 people.
Manage Engineering team to design and support projects from planning through execution, also include service delivery, identifying future sales opportunities, negotiate and prepare proposals and contracts.
49 jobs & 22,000+ apartment units, 20 clients and 25+ consultants, 42+ direct reports.
Consistently provides day to day encouragement and feedback when necessary so others can work together effectively, and execute activities in relation to importance, with virtually no conflict.
Manage day to day Construction Engineers, Design Engineers, Design Technicians, Construction Engineers, and Administrative Coordinators by assigning work, answering questions and checking work for accuracy.
Provides daily work direction for internal project resources across multiple cross-functional groups including contractors and consultants. Provides coaching and mentoring for project leads and project team to set clear expectations and roles for project team members, monitor progress and review/report on results. Fosters and maintains relationships with clients, colleagues & team.
Developed and managed design processes to ensure company design standards, compliance with industry code, and client satisfaction.
Prepare, negotiate and recommend approval of contracts. Responsible on financial/budget management and control of project costs. Responsible to Engineering and IT department resource and budget planning, budget analysis, budget forecasts and MARLA TATARIAN
Anaheim, CA 92807 714-***-****
adzy9j@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/marlatatarian Page 4 of 5
performance evaluation. Design-only budgets about $1.9 million, Design to Build construction budget about 80+ million.
Conduct complex, strategic analyses of organizations, operating models, processes, applications and infrastructure and applied results, increasing productivity on an average of 30% based on cost and labor hours metrics.
Knowledgeable in consulting and construction practices to include plan/specifications, design/build and construction manager roles and responsibilities.
Understands and applies state and local and model codes as related to buildings and Plumbing design.
Works to meet design schedules and complete tasks on budget.
Managed design, engineering, and construction phases of the job to create budget by analyzing the scope of work and project characteristics, job production analysis by tracking deliverables and labor hours to calculate percent completes.
Approved Change order requests for the projects and coordination with the 3rd party to collect.
Assists in the review of shop drawing submittals as requested and posts modifications as needed.
Provides project information to manager and clients as requested through attendance at project meetings, e-mail, correspondence
Reviewed and approved Plumbing Construction drawings for submittal to clients and city plan checker.
Works to keep errors to a minimum by developing schedules, and identifying, reacting and communicating immediately to symptoms before they become larger problems.
Ensured direct client contact was met and client’s expectations were outstanding, fulfilling and satisfactory.
Assists in developing and maintaining Plumbing project schedules and budgets.
Assists in developing and maintaining project work plan and monitors own project progress.
-Use of Software’s: Revit, AutoCAD, Microsoft Office.
-Projects: Pacific City, Jefferson Stadium Park Anaheim, Parsons Pasadena, AVA Hollywood, Gateway Grand, One Paseo, 6th
& Bixel, Broadstone @ Market Quarter, The Village PA 18 Oxnard, Main & Jamboree, Park Place III, Santa Clara Square, RMV Sendero, Broad stone North Park SD, The District at Milpitas, Santa Barbara Square, NCA Escondido Latitude II, 1st & Alamitos, Uptown Village, Forbes Road, Vista Monterey, 11800 Santa Monica, Union South Bay, Pacific Beach, The Heritage 1,2&3, Central Park Village Brea, The Line Apartments, 330 S. 13th St. 26 stories tower, 3rd & Pacific, 4th & Linden, Fairfield Great Oaks, 1145 Market Place, 6th & Virgil, Parc Broadway, Jefferson Platinum Triangle, Gateway Grand, Rosewood Mannor Hotel Miramar Beach Resort, ect.
MODULAR SPACE CORPORATION, Fontana, CA 5/2003-10/2013 GENERAL ELECTRIC GE CAPITAL (Previously), Irvine, CA Design Manager – Western Region
Focusing primarily on commercial and heavy industrial projects. Provide and manage project design, construction drawings, including Architectural space planning and document management to the West Region Construction Service team, and Territory Sales Managers, organization to drive growth of project business while increasing customer satisfaction, Collaborate with IT and other stakeholders to develop CAD configurator, CAD training and technical support for field sales organization, support new products & service launches with CAD, and establish process standards with manufactures and field organization. Use of Autodesk Architecture Revit 2013, AutoCAD Architecture 2013 and MicroStation TriForma V8.
-Accomplishments: These accomplishments directly related to my accountabilities and core responsibilities.
Supported entire Western Region Construction Service team and Territory Sales Managers approximately 300 people by producing modular space drawing design, and managed CAD data.
Produced 500 conceptual drawing sets such as site, foundation, floor, reflected ceiling plans, elevations, sections, details, electrical, mechanical, and plumbing, schedules, specifications, perspective, and 3 dimensional renderings.
Developed a completed 50 BIM model representation of each of the stock units shown on the stock unit poster for the region. Complete BIM models will include correct structural properties (size of wall framing, columns, etc) interior and exterior finishes, Electrical and Mechanical information and standard exterior colors. Present information in high quality .pdf files based on the Standard developed.
Fabricated all work products to a level graphically consistent and materially accurate and equal to the standard developed for the stock double produced as a stock standard.
Oversaw coworkers and learned the process in obtaining city permits. I took this initiative to help the team in- order to expedite the work.
Managed & maintained maintenance agreement with Océ. Ensured that plotter and printing equipments are properly operating, created document filing standards, files are backed up in the correct filing system and fulfilled document-printing request.
Visited 100 + construction sites to increase knowledge and expertise in the construction means and methods for modular builds. MARLA TATARIAN
Anaheim, CA 92807 714-***-****
adzy9j@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/marlatatarian Page 5 of 5
Completed retrieving, collecting, and scanning from different manufacturers of modular buildings of approximately 1,400 drawings. This information is now electronically available in the ModSpace/GE network and can be accessed easily. This information can be obtained in half an hour otherwise would take 3 days.
Delivered all the documentation required for the Vineyard project sale of 3,730 DSA classroom units, at a value of $43, 470413, this included collecting 1,216 drawings, specifications, calculations and close of file certificates.
Invented blocks and in fleet templates to speed up the design process 85%.
Designed templates using the new branding standards. This was required when changed the transition of the business names from GE TIP and GE Modular Space, to fit within the new branding structure.
Trained over 50 individuals on MicroStation, ProjectWise and 3D Home Architect programs. Properly trained individuals will do their work more accurately and efficiently.
Built and published 200 Libraries and 50 forms for Tri-forma users. Sales and marketing people will be able to work faster.
Continued updating myself to support the company reorganization strategies, goals and objectives, included new growth target.
Improved my technical skills with the changes in the industry, building codes, CAD, and sales.
-Use of: Autodesk Architecture Revit 2013, AutoCAD Architecture 2013 and MicroStation TriForma V8.
-Projects: Souza Const Lemoore NAS medical Office, HDC High Desert Church Children’s Center Victorville, Taos Academy School, Naval Air Station Oxnard, Union Pacific Chapel, Allied Fuel school, Down Town Las Vegas Office, Central Subway Station Office, Bosch Wellness Center, Alamo Rent a Car Albuquerque, Aon Foundation Breast Care Center San Francisco, Carmel Partners Learning Center Westminster, Cheyenne WY Regional Airport Terminal, Fort-Bliss U.S. Army Base Fort TX, Holder Const. TX, Deer Valley UT, Lennar-US Homes Tucson AZ, Manchester Resorts SD, Naval Dental Facility SD, Pronghorn County Club OR, River Pointe Church Child Care classroom, Rock Wall Winery Alameda, Solix BioFuels Fort Collins CO, Taco Bell, Franchise Grundy VA, Toiyabe Indian Health Dialysis Clinic Bishop, West Way Recycling, Rose Bowl, Martin Luther King school, Clinton School, University of Washington WA, Scientology Center LA, Disney, LAX, ect. PARSONS CORPORATION, Pasadena, CA 1/2000-4/2003
Architectural Designer
Architectural Designer, Design and prepare architectural working drawings including simulation rooms. Accomplishments: These accomplishments directly related to my accountabilities and core responsibilities.
Produced approximately 2300 drawings of floor plans, elevations, sections, details and schedules.
Delivered requested design on time 99% of the time.
Improved the quality and accuracy on the construction documents 100%.
- Use of: AutoCAD Architectural Desktop.
-Projects: Worked on Northrop Grumman Ship Systems located at Avondale, Gulfport, and Ingalls, and FAA Federal Aviation Administration project located at the Atlantic, NJ. ADDITIONAL RELEVANT EXPERIENCES:
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE of EDUCATION,
Facilities Analyst
HOME BASE/ HOUSE 2 HOME,
Architectural Planner/Designer
ESE CONSULTING ENGINEERS,
Architectural Drafter
OLD TOWNE ELECTRONICS,
Computer Technician
DISNEYLAND RESORT,
Architectural field Engineer
DISNEYLAND HOTEL,
AutoCAD Manager
THE CITY OF BENICIA,
GIS & Architectural CAD Operator
YDEEN’S AND ASSOCIATES ARCHITECT,
Job Captain/AutoCAD Manager
RBB ARCHITECTS,
Architectural Designer
MTI COLLEGE,
Instructor for AutoCAD
Accomplishments: Accountabilities and core responsibilities will be provided upon request. MEMBER OF:
AGS (Alpha Gamma
Sigma Honor Society)
CSUF (CA State University
Fullerton Alumna)
ACIA (American Construction
Inspectors Association)
AUGI (AutoCAD User Group
International)
BIM (Building
Information Modeling)
MBI (Modular Building
Institute)
ASPE (American Society of
Professional Estimators)
SCRUG (South Coast Revit User
Group) & LARUG
Big BIM Theory (San
Diego)
BUGIE (BIM Users Group
Inland Empire)
AIA (American Institute of
Architects)
AACSC (Apartment Association CA
Southern Cities)
EDUCATION:
BA in Environmental Design (Architecture, Interior Design, and Landscaping) CSUF California State University of Fullerton.
Contact this candidate