George Petrescu, PhD c-832-***-**** v2wskt@r.postjobfree.com Frisco, TX
Engineering Director
Leading multimillion-dollar Engineering Departments
Technical & strategic leadership, systems management, multi-disciplinary organizational optimization
Engineering Leader with 27+ years of engineering experience at all levels. Directing the Engineering Department to deliver the P&L targets by driving product growth strategies via New Product Development, Engineering Design, and Testing & Validation. Defining product strategy, providing strategic guidance to cross-functional and multi-disciplinary groups, while capitalizing on revenue opportunities. Excellence in defining and implementing engineering best practices, strengthening cross-functional processes and controls, reducing operational costs to meet fluctuating business demands, and enforcing positive organizational change.
Key Strengths
Engineering Management & Systems Design Product Design New Product Introduction (NPI/NPD) Budgeting Capacity and Strategic Planning Resource Forecasting Leading Change Management Large Project Management Vendor Management & Negotiations Performance Analysis
Amphenol FSI Dallas, TX
Director of Product Development Jun 2021 – Aug 2023
Directed multi-disciplinary engineering groups (NPI, design, testing & validation) to deliver rugged fiber optics connectors and cable assemblies for intense communication industries (defense, aerospace, medical, Oil & Gas, etc.). Coordinated the delivery of projects with production, engineering, business development, sourcing, QC.
Responsible for ~$3MM budget (Capex, Opex), established and enforced the Stage-Gate process (ideation to delivery), cross-functional processes, and functional metrics that led to increased OTD and reduced errors.
Defined and implemented the 5 year strategic product plan, in collaboration with Customers, GM, Sales, Ops.
Led the launch of 5+ products to market, as generic products and also products specific to customers’ projects.
Implemented the Cost-Out function, saving ~1MM/yr (actions on Eng, Sourcing, Manufacturing, Finance, etc.)
Defined and operationalized KPIs and associated targets in engineering (FPY, OTD, Costs, etc.)
Responsible for IP activities (patents, NDAs), negotiated Collaboration Agreements with Customers, Suppliers.
Represented company’s interests to the development of industry standards sponsored by VITA, SOSA and SAE.
KLJ Engineering Houston, TX
Engineering Production Director - West Jun 2020 – Feb 2021
Led a team of ~100 technical personnel (10 Managers) to design and deliver products and services for the infrastructure of the Oil and Gas, Energy, and Public Works industries.
Responsible for ~$11MM+ budget (Capex & Opex), organization, process efficiencies, continuous improvement actions, inter-departmental functions, etc.
Operationalized the S&OP process to align capacity with demand and enable forecasting (within 2 months).
Transformed a team of ~400 Engineering professionals in ~20 US locations, from a divisional organization into a matrix organization (location x discipline) that improved the intra-departmental collaboration and increased the chargeability and employee engagement (within 5 months).
Engineering Consultant & Entrepreneur Jul 2019 – present, Houston, TX
Founder of TotalEngineer.org, and contributor for PDHengineer.com and linkedin.com. Provider of Managerial, Engineering and Continuous Improvement services and courses. Reviewer for the ASEM Handbook 5th Edition.
Baker Hughes - GE - Reciprocating Compressors Houston, TX
Sr. Manager Engineering Operations Aug 2015 – May 2019
Managed the $14M Engineering budget (Capex & Opex), established and implemented Engineering Department strategies, performance and ensured targets achievement, lead multi-departmental development programs.
Managed the Design Engineering operations: led the Product design reviews (GD&T, functions, FEA, etc.), defined and operationalized the Financial and Capacity Plans, KPIs (Safety, Quality, Timeliness, Productivity and Budget metrics), enforced project controls and spending, and delivered cross-functional projects. Increased Engineering efficiency by 20% in 8 months of ownership.
Managed cross-functional Continuous Improvement (CI) processes: based on Six Sigma and Shainin tools, led RCA execution to stamp out quality escapes and the implementation of CAPAs.
Managed the New Product Development/New Product Introduction (NPD/NPI) operations thru the Stage-Gate process, guiding projects to desired outcomes, delivering to specifications, on time and within budget. Applied TRIZ and SIT ideation techniques. The OTD increased from 66% to 90% within 6 months of taking ownership.
Engaged international Engineering suppliers (India, Mexico, Poland) and US Contractors to support peak Engineering demands, set-up Master Service Agreements (MSAs), within 1 year, re-negotiated 40% cost savings and increased deliverables via consistent work frames.
Launched a consistent and complete Change Management System that satisfied needs of the Engineering as well as downstream departments. Within 1 year reduced the Engineering Cost of Quality (NCRs, ECNs) by 30%.
Baker Hughes - GE (previously Cameron) – Reciprocating Compressors Houston, TX
Sr. Engineering Manager Aftermarket May 2012 – Aug 2015
Managed a $3.8M budget (Opex) by operationalizing KPIs, defining priorities, and establishing fluent processes between department heads of the Service, Procurement, R&D, Project Management and downstream functions.
Turned around the multi-disciplinary Aftermarket Engineering Department comprised of 6 managers and 32 team members, by using Engineering analysis, data synthesis and project controls. Led Project design reviews and Safety Engineering Projects. Brought several behind schedule Projects back on track for on-time delivery.
Increased Engineering Projects OTD by 15% after the 1st year by enforcing and optimizing project teams’ focus.
Reorganized the Engineering department by Project teams that increased productivity, managed peak demand by engaging Contractors, negotiating the addition of Engineering interns and re-engaging retirees by Contract.
Aggressively managed and successfully delivered the most important projects in the company, for Spectra and KMI, within 6 months, delivered the projects on time and ultimately regained the customer's trust.
Furmanite Worldwide Inc. Houston, TX
Design Engineering Manager / COE Director 2008 - 2012
Managed engineers, draftsmen and technicians, led the delivery of the technical specs, design, manufacturing, assembly, testing, and acceptance activities, Delphi analyses, delivered NPI projects through Stage-Gate processes.
Launched and matured a multi-disciplinary R&D Department (mechanical, electrical/controls) that developed a $2.1M on-site Laser-Guided Mill from concept to market readiness.
Successfully directed negotiations of Engineering contracts with international clients.
3 patents filed in the US and PTO - international, within one year of department launch.
Directed the successful execution of a $5M contract for PetroChina (48" Hot Tapping & Line Stopping) by US and UK cross-functional teams (Engineering, Manufacturing, Quality, Project Management, Legal, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable and Executive Management).
Director in the Center of Excellence (COE), defining the product technical strategy and issuing technical advice on mergers and acquisitions, within 9 months, implemented standardized training and certification programs for Techs.
Baker Hughes – Pipeline Inspection Group, PPS Houston, TX
Technical Manager of Operations 2006 - 2008
Managed a team of 4-20 technicians with various skills, seniorities, and cultural backgrounds.
Established the Maintenance & Inventory Department for Pipeline Inspection Tools (ILI MFL pigs), including the Training and Certification function for Field Techs.
Implemented the maintenance procedures and technical reporting processes that ensured on-time readiness of the inspection tools.
Forecasted operational and inventory needs, which became fully functional within 6 months.
Integrated the Engineering and Operations Departments: clarified and resolved the Operations’ technical challenges, facilitated the introduction of new technologies and products in US, Canada, and UK, the new products were run by operations with 30% fewer failures.
Successfully channeled new client business to the Sales/Marketing Department, counseled Senior Management on achieving outstanding operational KPIs, and authored the bi-monthly "Operations Technical Bulletin", broadcasting technical problems and solutions to Operations teams.
Baker Hughes – Pipeline Inspection Group, PPS Toronto, ON
Lead Project/Design Engineer 2003 - 2006
Managed $1.1MM+ Pipeline Inspection Tool projects from concept to market which included coordination of Engineering contractors and in-house design, scheduling, and budgeting.
Spearheaded the implementation of PDM and Revision Systems and Non-Linear FEA.
Designed various pipeline inspection tools (4"-48" MFL, Cal, Cleaning, etc) including Engineering analysis and design (conventional stress and non-linear FEA), manufacturing coordination, and testing.
Successfully completed an on-time release of organizations' most expensive project to date (48" Inspection Tool).
Other Career Highlights
Project / Design Engineer at Incertrans (1995-1997), Kloehn, Veracel, Promation (1999-2003) in auto industry (assembly lines), bio-tech industry (diaphragm valves, medical instruments) and transportation (bridge maintenance systems).
Education, Training & Publications
PhD (2005), MS (1999) Mechanical Engineering, University of Nevada, Las Vegas - Las Vegas, NV
Professional Engineer, Ontario, Canada, member - ASME, ASEM, ASNT, SAE, VITA
Publications (detailed list available upon request)
Author of 16 on-line Engineering courses for Engineers, Project Managers and Managers (2010-2020)
Authored and presented “Designing Inspection Tools for Safe Pipeline Passage” at the Baker Hughes - Pipeline Integrity Workshop (2007, 2008)
Author and co-author of 6 papers for international journals (1997-2005)
Industry Training Sessions
Innovation Facilitator – Xinova (2020)
Influential Leadership & Innovation - GE, Crotonville, NY (2016)
Managers Development Training (2013), Green Belt Training (2013), Value Engineering (2012) - Cameron, Houston, TX
Supervisor Cornerstone Program - Baker Hughes, Houston, TX (2007)
Contact this candidate