Mrs. Taylor Shields Smith
T: 678-***-****
E: acv2f9@r.postjobfree.com TSS
Experience McKesson Information Security Analyst (Contractor) Alpharetta, GA April 2016 CURRENT
Remote Position working with the 5 man Product Security and Assurance team with the scheduled analysis and auditing of software (both compiled binaries and source code) to ensure product security upon release. Began as a highly hands on position and developed into consultation.
● Utilized advanced scanning programs Veracode and Coverity, encrypted storage software Cyberark, and encryption software Encryption Wizard. Produced scripts in Windows Powershell and Java programs. Also performed basic tasks in Sharepoint, Sharepoint Designer, and Infopath.
● Produced formal documentation and schema for team functions and compliance structure. Frequently referenced OWASP Top Ten, HIPAA, and PCI standards.
● Communicated in a highly formal environment with sensitive topics between developers, managers, and team members.
Reason for Departure: Position become extremely “hands off” over time and more management focused as the company changed
RL Trac IT Manager, Systems Administrator
Dahlonega, GA September 2015 Present
Control and support of server systems, user databases, network, and office computers. Admin of all security protocol development and testing, as well as repair and IT support of mobile applications/website and user interfaces
● Provided IT support to customers and staff, maintaining a friendly interface while also establishing security and functionality of systems
● Established the company’s first security policy, applying to databases, websites, mobile applications, and company hardware. Began frequent network and system tests utilizing penetration testing techniques to harden systems.
● Managed Debian Linux server system, Windows primary network, and remote data system.
Reason for Departure: Graduation, left for improved opportunities PCG Molecular Developer, IT Manager, Security Administrator Dahlonega, GA August 2015 September 2015
Managed high risk network system containing patient documentation. Supported professional staff and medical personnel in the development of security protocol and framework referencing HIPAA standards.
● Managed a complex network single handedly utilizing open source tools for monitoring traffic and activity. Established a software based firewall and formulated a budget to assist in securing the network and attempting to bring the company into HIPAA compliance
● Managed the C and Linux based maintenance of systems Reason for Departure: Company Failure due to heavy fines brought by lack of HIPAA compliance
Innobots Developer, IT Assistant, System Administrator Gainesville, GA December 2014 2015
High variety job including programming, IT help and support, network management, hardware construction, and robotics. Specialization in law enforcement robotics and services.
● Direct support contact for software, programs, and robotics to users from backgrounds of military, law enforcement, and casual use.
● Constant adaption to new languages, programs, and systems
● Understanding of Java, C++, C#, Javascript, node.js/Grunt/Mocha, PHP, Arduino, and software associated with radio control, iOS, and Android systems.
Reason for Departure: Nearly two months work without payment North Georgia Zoo System Administrator, Lead Reptile Handler Cleveland, GA August 2013 May 2015
Lead Reptile Keeper and Educator, as well as public ambassador for Reptile presentation. Also in charge of all zoo networks, file management, computer maintenance, and security.
● Experience with guests and visitor service and education. Long hours in high stress environments working with people, animals, and fellow staff maintaining Level 5 animals (Crocodilians, Venomous Snakes, and Large Breed Snakes)
● Constructed the zoo’s entire network from the ground up, including establishment of security protocols, information structure and transfer, and communication lines with other zoos through secure channels.
● Performed file forensics on dated storage systems to retrieve long lost files
(first use and experimentation with The Sleuth Kit) Reason for Departure: Was not developing in my field, diminished animal care standards
Hamilton Dermatology and Vein Front Desk Assistant Alpharetta, GA May 2011 August 2013
Front desk assistant, paperwork and patient care management, phone operation, and minor IT responsibilities
● Understanding of customer service and communication via phone and in person. Maintaining professional demeanor while resolving issues
● Exposure to HIPAA
Reason for Departure: Left for university
Education
University of North Georgia
Bachelors in Computer Science (Cyber Security Focus)
Spring 2013 Summer 2016
Certifications Currently Pursuing:
CISSP To be obtained with the assistance of a grant before the end of 2016 CEH Planned for 2017
Security+ a nd Network+ As time permits and need demands Skills and Interests
Programming and Development:
● Fully Functional: Java, C++, C#, Python
● Partially Functional: Javascript, HTML, PHP, Assembly Penetration Testing:
● Recreational penetration testing since 2008
Kali Linux Suite of open source programs (Burpsuite, Snort, Wireshark, Hydra/John the Ripper, NMap/ZenMap, ZAP, etc.)
Windows SET (Social Engineering Toolkit), Windows 7 hacking experience
Active community participation on forums, Red Team Events, and Forensics Events (ie Black TShirt)
● Professional penetration testing between 2013 2015 Operating Systems and Scripting
● Linux:
Debian (desktop and server)
RedHat
Gentoo
● Windows: Vista, 7, 10, 2012 and younger server systems
● UNIX (Bash) and Windows Powershell
Languages
● Native English Speaker
● Elementary Russian (currently restoring language capabilities, rudimentary but developing)
Personal Projects
● Development of two custom Debian Linux operating systems, coding from the Kernel up
● Personal Malware studies and basic virus scripting (special focus in Ransomware and Worms)
Other Details
● Familiar with high risk and high stress situations and managing crises
● Professional communication skills with clients, customers, developers, and members of higher staff
● Experience with reporting, ticket management, logging, and formal documentation
● Optimistic, “always learning” perspective. Understanding of my own flaws and others flaws. Willing to research and work long hours to ensure a task is completed correctly
● Experience working independently and remotely, as well as on a team References Professional:
Lisa Calloway (Hamilton Dermatology and Vein)
770-***-****
Hope Bennett (North Georgia Zoo and Farm)
acv2f9@r.postjobfree.com
Carmi Peleg (innoBots)
acv2f9@r.postjobfree.com
Rhonda Hayes (Retail Lease Trac)
acv2f9@r.postjobfree.com
877-***-****
Joel Bearden (McKesson) *Please inform me before contacting* acv2f9@r.postjobfree.com
Personal:
Marquis Stephenson ( Friend of 11 years)
708-***-****
Serena Johnson ( Friend 12 years)
770-***-****
Miki Delap ( Friend of 12 years)
687-***-****
Contact this candidate