BRAXTON GRIFFIN
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY TECHNICIAN
CONTACT
803-***-****
ad2gdn@r.postjobfree.com
SKILLS
.NET
Analysis Skills
APIs
AWS
Azure
Bash
Blue Teaming
Cloud Hacking
Cloud Hosting
Cybersecurity
Databases
Database Administration
Data Collection
Data Protection
Ethical Hacking
IT and Data Assurance
Linux
Malware Analysis
MySQL
Networking
Network Security
Penetration Testing
PowerShell
Python
QuickBooks
Red Teaming
Scripting
SQL
System Administration
VMWare
Virtualization
Visual Basic
Web Services
PROFILE
Information Technology Technician with 4+ years'
experience in assisting with a variety of technical issues including software troubleshooting, hardware
troubleshooting, networking connectivity issues, and many more diverse and complex problems such as
mobile device repair and troubleshooting. I am currently studying for the A+ with a drive and passion to learn as much as I can in the world of technology.
Education
Piedmont Technical College
Associate degree in Cybersecurity
2020 – present
• I have taken many classes in Cybersecurity and
related fields including Networking, IT and Data
Assurance, Virtualization, and Network Security,
among others.
• My schooling has allowed for hands on labs in
various skills such as Python, Ethical Hacking,
Penetration Testing, Cloud Hacking, Cloud
Hosting, among many other hands-on labs.
• I have been in close contact with many
classmates to develop and deploy custom scripts
on many platforms for various projects throughout
my current college experience.
Extracurricular Activities
• Created my own lab on my personal computer to
practice several skills such as Malware Analysis,
Red Teaming, Blue Teaming, Virtualization, along
with many other skills.
• I created my own cloud-based database in
MySQL to assist in streamlining my business’ clients and transaction records.
• I have hosted many personal projects on the
cloud, one of which involved using BeEF to attack
my personal lab and other people’s computer
whom I got explicit permission to do so, to
experience attacking different operating systems
in a real-life simulation.
EXPERIENCE
Sole Proprietor – Griffin Computer Repair
Apr 2022 – present
• Established and currently operate a successful independent computer repair business, providing repair services for computers, mobile devices, printers, and more.
• Offered personalized, client-focused services, including house calls to address network, connectivity, security, and quality of life issues.
• Managed all business expenses and proactively sourced parts for repairs.
• Developed a custom database using MySQL to efficiently organize client contact information and transaction records, streamlining business operations. Advanced Repair Agent – Geek Squad
Jan 2021 - Feb 2022
• Collaborated with colleagues to troubleshoot and repair complex technical issues related to a wide range of devices, including laptops, desktops, mobile devices, and printers.
• Specialized in Client Data Protection and conducted backups and restorations for clients who subscribed to the service
• Quickly transitioned from a seasonal employee to a full-time position due to exceptional problem-solving skills, particularly in resolving network issues.
• Demonstrated a commitment to maintaining data integrity and client satisfaction.
Store Leader - GameStop Inc.
Mar 2018 – Dec 2020
• Delegated tasks, managed marketing efforts, and supervised a team of employees in a retail setting.
• Proficiently handled troubleshooting of various hardware issues and conducted store opening and closing procedures.
• Actively participated in region-wide conference calls and maintained responsibility for store financials, including counting money and making money runs.
• Created and managed employee schedules, ensuring efficient store operations.
• Maintained store conditions to ensure a welcoming environment for customers.
Contact this candidate