Mohammad SHARJEEL
347-***-**** East Brunswick, NJ adl92i@r.postjobfree.com Linkedin.com/in/mohammad-sharjeel1

PROFILE

Cybersecurity professional with a background in Linux engineering, experience with vulnerability testing and network security currently seeking position as a cyber security analyst.

EDUCATION

MedgarEvers College CUNY
Associates Degree in Information Technology

NexGenT Intensive 24-week military-grade engineering program
Full Stack Network Engineer Student September 2020 – March 2021
●480hrs of training, education, simulations, hands on experience and project management that includes a skills qualification check and required passing of written examinations
●280hrs of CCNA 200-301 exam preparation

HANDS-ON INDUSTRY PROJECTS
Completed during NexGenT’s accelerated training program September 2020 - March 2021

Full Stack Network Project
Designed and deployed a robust network infrastructure supporting a headquarters office, 2 branch offices, and hosting 55 LAN users.
●Worked on IT operations, architectures, network infrastructure design, configuration, and management to create a network solution with the specifications set by the client.
●Logged 80hrs of command line configurations on routers and switches that included VLANs, VTP, HSRP, BGP, QoS, DHCP, and STP to ensure proper functionality of the network.

Cisco ASA SSL VPN Project
Installed an ASA Firewall with SSL VPN Service to support the requirements of the Statement of Work.
●Brownfield deployment, added a Cisco ASA 5506-X Firewall to the existing FSN Project at the HQ location.
●Completed a HQ ASA 5506-X Deployment, HQ ASA 5506-X SSLVPN Configuration and Verification and Testing & Confirmation of Deliverables.
●Set up and configured Trusted Root CA, signed certificate and installed on the ASA used for SSL VPN users to authenticate against when using the SSL VPN.

Colocation Data Center Project
Deployed a robust network infrastructure in support of The Company headquarters and two branch office facilities.
●Brownfield deployment, added a colocation DC to provide off site high availability and resiliency to the FSN project.
●Identified potential risks, created a scope of exclusions, change additions and proposed billing terms to the company HQ.

EXPERIENCE

LINUX SYSTEMS ENGINEER/DEVOP (2019 - 2019)
Bloomberg Daytona, Nj

●Used Wireshark to sniff and analyze packets coming through to troubleshoot the firewall and run a scan for any vulnerabilities.
●Aided in Penetration Tests to check for open ports using tools such as Netstat and Nmap.
●Set up IDS(intrusion detection systems) alerts for snort to be notified of any threats or attacks on the network.
●Implementing, managing, real-time monitoring and upgrading security measures for the protection of the corporate data, systems and networks.
●Performed network security analysis and produced custom SIEM content including scheduled searches, reports, dashboards and documented it. Provided written analysis of findings to communicated potential risks and impact.
●Unified with the network team to configure proper DNS, firewall, IDS and IPS on the machine.
●Performed/rolled out quarterly patching and applied security patches on 1000 Linux and windows systems to keep the systems updated and secured.
●Accomplished daily system administration tasks such as maintaining servers, disk management, job scheduling, user/group management and packages installation on 60,000 Linux/Unix Systems such as Red Hat and Ubuntu.
●Performed daily monitoring, verifying the integrity & availability of all hardware, server resources, systems, and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of 300 scheduled jobs such as backups. Configure / add new services as necessary.
●Collaborated with different teams to find the root cause of recurring issues and provided solutions to avoid future occurrences.
●Administration and Engineering of CentOS/RHEL 6 and 7 and windows including installation, testing, tuning, upgrading, and troubleshooting over 100,000 physical and virtual server issues.
●Managed user permissions to ensure security of files and systems.
●Rewrote incident response and user documentation to mitigate risks and have manual for new users to refer to if need be.

CERTIFICATIONS

Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) IN PROGRESS
NexGenT Full Stack Network Professional (March/2021)
NexGenT Full Stack Network Associate (December/2020)

TECHNICAL STACK

SOFTWARE
Cisco IOS Command Line Interface (CLI)
Cisco network device configuration, PuTTy, Wireshark, packet sniffer, port scanner, Windows and Mac command line tools, domain lookup, ping, route tracing, netstat, looking glass sites, virtualization software, password managers, note takers, text editors, screen cap tools, text comparators, TFTP and FTP server/client and syslog servers, AWS, VMware, Azure, IOS, NIDS

SKILLS
IT and Network Architectures, Network Devices and Components, Network Topologies and Types, Full Stack Networking, Network Management, Kali Linux/Linux, Cable Making, Bits, Bytes, Ethernet and Media Access Control, Layer 2 and Layer 3, Switching, Virtual Local Area Networks(VLANs), WAN, Splunk, Spanning-Tree Protocol, Internet Protocol, Static Routing, Routing Protocols (EIGRP, OSPF, BGP), TCP and UDP Fundamenta, IP Addressing and Subnetting and Network Address Translation (NAT), SIEM, Cisco Packet Trace, Networking protocols such as ARP, ICMP, DHCP, FTP, Telnet and SSH, Wireless LANs, Voice over IP, Cisco IOS, Network Cables and Connectors, IOC(Indicators of compromise)
Contact this candidate