ROHAN BAJJURI
Binghamton, NY 607-***-**** ad02tm@r.postjobfree.com Rohan Bajjuri(My Portfolio) EXPERIENCE
Full Stack Developer, Kofax USA (12/2022-07/2023)
● Spearheaded the development and optimization of a highly responsive Single Page Application utilizing the React Frameworks, JavaScript, and Typescript. Resulted in an impressive 40% reduction in page load time, enhancing engagement .
● Pioneered the creation of modular React JS components adhering to the Redux Architecture & Implemented Redux Thunk middleware to manage asynchronous actions and enhance state management, ensuring seamless unidirectional data flow.
● Engineered performant web APIs using Node.js, strategically deploying them across load-balanced GraphQL instances to maximize performance and flexibility.
● Implemented best practices for coding, testing, and deployment of over 10 web applications, resulting in a 15% reduction in bugs reported by end-users.
Full Stack Developer, QuestionGuru (07/2022 -12/2022)
● Developed and maintained high-performance web applications using Next.js, a popular React framework for a startup company.
● Implemented Redux, an efficient state management library, to streamline data flow and enhance the scalability of the applications.
● Optimized web applications for search engines using SEO best practices, such as discoverability through Next.js's server side rendering
(SSR) capabilities. keyword research, on-page optimization including meta tag enhancements, and link building.
● Designed and Developed the UI and layout for multiple web pages across the application .
● Implemented tree-shaking techniques with Webpack to eliminate dead code and minimize bundle sizes, resulting in faster page load times.
● Used MVC design pattern for designing application, JSP as the view component.
● Collaborated with product managers and stakeholders to understand and meet business requirements and maintained graphic standards and branding throughout the product's interfaces.
Full Stack Developer, Magna Infotech (09/2018 - 07/2021)
● Involved in all the stages of Agile Software Development Life Cycle including Requirements, Analysis and Design, Implementation, Integration and Testing, Deployment and Maintenance with ecommerce application.
● Developed and deployed a microservices architecture on AWS utilizing a combination of services including EC2, S3, Lambda, RDS and Kubernetes clusters for a high-traffic e-commerce website, resulting in a 25% increase in page load speed and a 20% increase in overall site performance.
● Leveraged React.js to craft a responsive and engaging user interface, enhancing techniques such as Redux, Axios, JSX, HOC and react-router.
● Used Hibernate as ORM to map Java classes to database and integrated it with Spring and applied Spring MVC to consume REST APIs
● Engineered RESTful APIs and GraphQL to manipulate dynamic data using Node.js and Express for multiple Web Applications.
● Mastered the crafting of MySQL, MongoDB queries for diverse CRUD operations increasing performance and scalability.
● Used Git and GitHub to manage code changes and resolved conflicts maintaining a clean commit history. PROJECTS
Portfolio using React Framework, TailWind CSS, Figma https://rohan-bajjuri.vercel.app/ Room CHAT-APP with NodeJS Binghamton University
● Built a application on top of the Node.js and Express frameworks, with the real-time functionality enabled by the Socket.io library
● Utilized Node.js for real-time communication through WebSocket technology, enabling dynamic features in web applications. Tools: NodeJS, JavaScript, Express
Analyzing the job posting in reddit twitter and Glassdoor Binghamton University
● Applied Twitter and Reddit APIs to collect and analyze job posting data, resulting in the identification of key industry trends & companies Tools- Python, Streamlit, MongoDB
Vision based real time hand wash accuracy prediction
● Developed a deep learning model with transfer learning (VGG16) to check if 7 steps (Provided by WHO) are followed by an individual during their hand wash.
Tools- Python, Keras, TensorFlow, numpy, jupyter notebook TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages: C, Java, Python, HTML, JavaScript, TypeScript, XML Web tools and Frameworks: React.JS, AngularJS, NextJS, HTML5, NPM, CSS3,Flask, Node.JS, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Webpack, JUnit, JSP, Servlets, JQuery, WebGl, WordPress, Svelte
Software and OS: Eclipse, IntellIJ, Android Studio, Visual Studio Code, Google Colab Additional:AWS (EC2, S3, Lambda, RDS), Git, Github,Jenkins, Figma, Sketch, Docker,basic flask, basic PIG and HIVE EDUCATION
Binghamton University, State University of New York, Thomas J. Watson College of Engineering and Applied Science Masters of Science in Computer Science
Amrita School of Engineering, Coimbatore, India
Bachelors of Science in Computer Science
Contact this candidate