Khaja Mohammed
Sr. .Net Developer
ad0td6@r.postjobfree.com 872-***-****

Professional Summary:
Over 8+ years of experience in IT industry with sound experience in design, development, testing and maintenance of enterprise web applications using Microsoft .NET technologies.
Extensive experience in developing various applications using Visual Studio.NET 2017/2015/2013/2012/2010/2008/2005/2003 technologies like VB.NET, C# 4.5/4.0/3.0/2.0, ASP.NET 4.5/4.0/3.5/2.0/1.1, ASP, ADO.NET, XML, XSD XSLT, Web Services, WCF, and IIS 10.0/7.5/7.0/6.0/5.0.
Implemented ASP.Net Security features such as Form-based and Role based authentication.
Strong understanding and implementation of Object-Oriented Programming concepts.
Good working knowledge in implementing client-side JavaScript, JQuery proficient in HTML, DHTML, CSS.
Strong understanding of the System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) from investigation of initial requirements through analysis, design, programming, testing documentation and implementation.
Layouts for creating a common look and feel among all web pages in ASP.Net MVC Web Applications, including Kafka integration.
Strong experience in creating databases, tables, developing complex T-SQL stored procedures, views, cursors, scripts, triggers, and Kafka integration.
Good experience in designing and developing the Reusable User Controls using Partial Views and Layouts for creating a common look and feel among all web pages in ASP.Net MVC Web Applications, including Kafka integration.
Strong experience in developing reusable components like assemblies by implementing OOPS concepts and creating Class Libraries with Kafka integration.
Used Bootstrap and AngularJS for web design.
Experience in designing Web pages which more accessibility responsive.
Working experience with Accessibility testing tools “Axe Chrome Plugin” and “VoiceOver”.
Use Selenium to create quick bug reproduction script and to create robust, browser-based regression automation suites and tests.
Advance knowledge of the Loan IQ vendor loan agency and trading platform 4
Use Fiddler to debug web applications by capturing network traffic between test machine and internet.
Knowledge of different software development life cycle (SDLC) methodologies, including Waterfall and Agile, providing adaptability to project requirements.
Experience in designing databases, writing TSQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Views and Triggers.
Experienced in template-based web programming using Master Pages, Themes, Style Sheets and Skins.
Worked in developing code for the database applications to interact with the databases, using ADO.NET, ADO.
Experience in working with Microsoft Enterprise Library 6.0/5.0/4.0/4.1.
Extensive experience in working with LINQ to Objects, and LINQ to SQL.
Good understanding and working experience with ASP.NET Providers.
Experience in developing Web services, Web Parts, User Controls and Custom Server controls.
Experience in developing the API endpoints for the SOAP and REST web services that will be consumed by the application.
Experience on well-known Commercial Lending product Misys Loan IQ on all modules with expertise on Accounting.
Experience with working on AJAX controls with ASP.NET Web applications.
Familiar with Unit and Integration Testing using TFS Unit testing Framework and NUnit.
Designed the structure of the web services to be implemented. Used Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) methodology to implement the web services.
Experience in all phases of System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) from investigation of initial requirements through analysis, design, programming, testing documentation and implementation.
Recognized collateral.net loan documents and the key data, reviewed collateral documents for agency.
Experience with developing web applications by using MVC and Application Blocks.
Worked extensively in resolving the problem logs and bugs logged by testers and businesspeople in the .NET applications.
Experience in implementing health monitoring mechanism for web applications using ASP.NET Web Events provider.
Experience in interface design and development using WPF for Windows and web applications respectively by using Visual Studio.
Used JSON objects to communicate between AJAX request and response, pass as the parameters to the JavaScript functions.
Good knowledge on creating services with Angular 9/11 @injectable property, as to make the service available for dependency injection when creating components.
Extensive working experience in database design and development, for creating complex database queries, writing Constraints, Indexes, Views, and Stored Procedures and Functions using SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2012/2017.
Experience in using Visual Source Safe.
Ability to prioritize tasks/Multitask and execute them to perfection and able to work in a high-pressure environment and capable of working in a team and as an individual.
Involved in Project Management activities such as Estimation, design documents, technical documents, run books, prototypes and user manuals for various projects.
Implemented various client/server model applications using 3-tier architecture.
Extensively Worked on N-tier and ADO.NET for the development of web application project.
Use Octopus Deploy to move changes to QA environment.

Technical Skills:

. Net Technologies
ASP.NET 4.5/4.0/3.5, ASP, Web Services, Windows Forms, DO.NET, JAX, Js, OLE DB/ODBC, WCF, WPF, SOAP, Angular JS, Angular 2/4/5/6/8/9/11, React, D3.
GUIS
Servlets, JSP, Java Naming and Directory Interface (JNDI).
Languages
C#, VB.NET, C, Visual Basic 5.0/6.0(VB), Shell scripting, UML, SQL.
Web Technologies
XML, IIS 5.0/6.0/7.0, HTML5, DHTML, CSS3.
Scripting Languages
jQuery, VB Script, and JavaScript
Technology
.Net Framework 1.1/2.0/3.0/3.5/4.0/4.5/4.6.1
Databases
SQL Server-2000/2005/2008/2012/2017, ORACLE 10g/9i/8i, MS-Access
Tools
Crystal Report, Microsoft-Office 2000/03/07/10/13, Microsoft Visio, TeamCity, SourceTree, Jira, Kanban board
Development Tools
Visual Studio 2003/2005/2008/2010/2012/2013/2015/2017.
Versioning Tool
Visual Source Safe (VSS), Team Foundation Server (TFS), Bitbucket, SVN.
Cloud Technologies
Micro Soft Azure, Kubernetes, OpenShift, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Pivotal Cloud Foundry.
Build/Automation Tools
Puppet, Chef, Ansible, Ant, Build Master, Maven, Gradle, Jenkins
Web Server
Web API, WCF, Web Services.
Ticketing Tools
Cherwell, Rally, JIRA, Kbox.
Operating Systems

Windows NT/95/98/2000 and UNIX, MS-DOS, Win 2k3 Servers, Xp, Windows 7/8/10

Professional Experience:

Client: Charter Communications, St. Louis, MO Jan 2022 to till date
Role: Sr. Full Stack Net Developer
Description: It is a claim Integration application will be used by the home infusion business to check for pharmacy eligibility of patients and initiate a test claim and a reversal process.

Responsibilities:
Developed Razor views with strongly typed view models and helpers, and partial views using ASP.NET Core MVC 5, HTML5, CSS3, Angular 9/11, C#, and Telerik controls.
Developed modules using ASP.NET, C#.NET, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Master Pages, Ajax, Web Server Controls, and jQuery for client-side validations.
Developed and deployed applications on Azure Service Fabric, a microservices platform, to achieve scalability, high availability, and fault tolerance.
Developed business tire for the application in C#.
Used LINQ for Entity Framework querying in memory collection & database object.
Implemented Web Services used Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) methodology to implement the web services.
Involved designing in web pages using HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, React.js, Redux, Flex, Mongo DB.
Develop and maintain integration with third-party APIs and services using REST, SOAP, or GraphQL.
Developed REST and SOAP web services and REST web APIs which can be used by number of clients in getting useful data.
Experience with SVN and GIT for source repository.
Experience with Quick Build.
Implemented Angular service calls using Angular Factory, incorporating Kafka for event-driven communication and data synchronization.
Designed and implemented services using WCF SOAP/REST, integrating with Kafka for seamless data exchange between systems, and created REST services using ASP.NET Web API with Kafka integration.
Extensively Worked on MVC and Entity Framework 6 for the development of web application project.
Implemented authentication and authorization using OAuth and JWT in ASP.NET Web API for secure data access.
Developed custom directives and pipes in Angular 9/11 and implemented core functionality using ASP.NET MVC Framework (C#.NET).
Utilized Azure DevOps for version control, continuous integration, and continuous deployment of web applications.
Created and managed build pipelines in Azure DevOps to automate the build process and ensure code quality.
Designed and developed the application using agile methodology and followed Test Driven Development (TDD ), Scrum.
Led the development of multiple B2B e-commerce websites utilizing platforms such
as InsiteCommerce, Virto Commerce, and inRiver
Used AngularJS MVC framework in the development of the web application to bind the data/model that was retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view using scope.
Designed the complete solution using N-tier Architecture model and design patterns mainly Abstract Factory and Singleton.
Working with import and direct query, creating custom table in the Power BI.
By using Power BI desktop connected to various data sources, working with different visualizations.
Deployed and managed .NET applications on GCP using containerization technologies like Docker and Kubernetes.
Designed and developed Micro Services using MEAN Stack (Node.js, MongoDB, Angular, Elastic search) on Private Cloud OpenStack Platform with Express.js.
Developed and published reports and dashboards using Power BI and written effective DAX formulas and expressions.
Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, web services using AJAX, JSON, XML and AngularJS.
Created/updated the swagger files to configure the definition objects or parameters of service end points.
Developed all the page styles by using Bootstrap and SASS instead of SCSS to gain a better structure of the stylesheets for a maintain purpose.
Worked on swagger to markdown tool, where it parses the swagger to markdown pages and used these generated markdown pages to build a developer portal website using Jekyll which uses Ruby to parsethe markdown pages to a static website.
Managed product development/implementation using AWS cloud infrastructure.
Highly skilled Java developer with experience in J2EE, SpringBoot, Node, and TypeScript, and expertise in AWS Lambda, Step Functions, and S3.
Created and maintained various DevOps related tools for the team such as provisioning scripts, deployment tools, and development and staging environments on AWS like EC2, S3 buckets, RDS, Elastic Beanstalk, AWS Lambda, VPC, Elastic Container Service.
Used SSMS (SQL Server Management Studio) to fetch the data from the database.
Troubleshooting SQL Server including performance issue.
Created SQL Stored Procedure to implement complex business logics to improve performance.
Post-Release maintenance, bug fixing and adding new features, based on user requests.
Involved in the gathering requirements from various sources. Co-ordination with team members to discuss the scope of the project.
Developed test strategies, test plans and test cases and performed Unit Testing to identify and resolve integration, functional and usability issues before deployment.
Provided daily status updates on work completed and the progress.
Experience with Fiddler to debug web applications by capturing network traffic between test machine and internet.
Experience with developing the frontend/web applications using HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, XML, XSLT, XSL, Restful Web Services, jQuery, JSON and Angular JS.
Good Knowledge on Bootstrap to makes front-end web development faster and easier.
Hands on experience in ETL tool Scalable Architecture Financial Reporting(SAFR) an IBM tool.
Worked on creating Extract Views, Summary Views, Copy Input Views in SAFR ETL tool.
Developed Business layer components in C# as code behind files.
Collaborate with QA team to define test cases, metrics, and resolve questions about test result.
Prepare and dispense work assignments, provide guidance, and/or review the work of other team members.
Architect, implement and test the Golden topology for IBM SOA ESB for stateless services.
Routing messages to various protocol combinations including SOAP over HTTP, SOAP over JMS, MQ, Generic MQ, RESTful HTTP Web Service bindings - For assessing the transformation and routing.
Excellent trouble shooting, debugging and error trapping skills.
Developed reports to visually explore data and create an interactive report Excel and Power BI.

Environment: .NET framework 4.6.1, MVC, C#, VB.Net SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio 2017, Entity framework 6 (EF6), SSIS, SSRS, web API 2, REST, Angular JS, AJAX, JSON, Microsoft Azure, Team Foundation Server(TFS), Agile, Unit Testing, Bootstrap, AngularJS, LINQ, SOAP, IIS.

Client: Iris Powered By Generali, St. Louis, MO July 2019 to Dec 2021
Role: Sr Full Stack .Net Developer

Description: Benchmark Calculator which helps big endowments and investors to refine their investment strategy and which serves as financial advisory services.

Responsibilities:

Involved in Design, Development and Testing of Web Forms and Web Services using ASP.NET, MVC, XML, Ajax, AngularJS, Bootstrap, WCF, SQL server, C# and .Net Framework.
Developed Business layer components in C# as code behind files.
Developed business tire for the application in C#.
Data displaying, editing, sorting and adding new records using Data Grid.
Implemented Web Services used Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) methodology to implement the web services.
Configured release pipelines in Azure DevOps to deploy applications to Azure Service Fabric or other cloud services.
Utilized Azure DevOps for version control, continuous integration, and continuous deployment of web applications.
Configured release pipelines in Azure DevOps to deploy applications to Azure Service Fabric or other cloud services.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to manage work items, track progress, and streamline development processes using Azure Boards in Azure DevOps.
Leveraged Azure DevOps for monitoring and tracking application performance and errors through integration with Application Insights.
Developed REST and SOAP web services and REST web APIs which can be used by number of clients in getting useful data.
Extensively Worked on MVC and Entity Framework 6 for the development of web application project.
Implement security and access controls in applications using technologies such as OAuth, JWT or AWS IAM.
Implement security features such as SSL, OAuth2, or SAML.
Responsible for creating & Managing Docker ORM files for creating necessary base images used for automation of build & deployment environments.
Implement microservices architecture using Spring Boot and deploy them in containerized environments such as Docker and Kubernetes.
Set-up database in GCP using RDS, storage using S3 bucket and configuring instance backup to S3 bucket. Prototype CI/CD system with GitLab on GKE utilizing kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment for the CI/CD system to build and test and deploy.
Using Scrum (Agile) Model for N-tier architecture which includes UI, BLL and DAL in .NET.
Utilized Power Query in Power BI to Pivot and Un-pivot the data model for data cleansing and data massaging.
Created Power BI Reports using the Tabular SSAS models as source data in Power BI desktop and publish reports to service.
Designed and implemented application using HTML5, JavaScript, SCSS, Bootstrap, AJAX, LINQ, MVC, Entity Framework, JQuery and SQL Server.
Used various data visualizations with Power BI.
Used AngularJS MVC framework in the development of the web application to bind the data/model that was retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view using scope.
Extensively worked in Test Driven Development (TDD) framework using JUnit.
Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, web services using AJAX, JSON, XML and AngularJS.
Monitoring and tuning the SOA infrastructure for ample load.
Implement security and access controls in applications using technologies such as OAuth, JWT or AWS IAM.Building RESTful APIs and microservices using Java and AWS technologies such as API Gateway and Lambda.
Managed detailed work plans and mentored peers and junior staff in both design and development of ETL Architecture.
Interacting with client server admin team and educate the SOA functionality from configuration and maintenance point of view.
Performed validations on web forms using .NET Validation Controls and client-side validation using Angular 9, ensuring data consistency and integrity with Kafka-powered data pipelines.
Utilized React hooks for component lifecycle management, state management, and effects, integrating with Kafka for real-time data updates and event-driven workflows.
Used Highcharts and D3.js for creating graphs and charts based on JSON/raw data from clients, with Kafka as a data source for real-time visualization and analytics.
Developed and maintained automated tests for React components and .NET code using frameworks such as Cypress or NUnit, including testing Kafka integration for message reliability and data consistency.
Integrated automated testing frameworks (e.g., Cypress or NUnit) with Azure DevOps pipelines for test automation and regression testing.
Developed and maintained automated tests for React components and .NET code using frameworks such as Cypress or NUnit.
Creating SOA design principle and best practice guidelines for WSDL/Interface, XSD /Business Objects/Schema design, WS* standards, Service Identification and reusability, Service Granularity and Autonomic, etc
Used Bitbucket to share all the work, code, to sort out the exceptions raised during work.
Experience with Sourcetree to connect to Bitbucket.
Used SSMS (SQL Server Management Studio) to fetch the data from the database.
Created SQL Stored Procedure to implement complex business logics to improve performance.
Post-Release maintenance, bug fixing and adding new features, based on user requests.
Involved in the gathering requirements from various sources. Co-ordination with team members to discuss the scope of the project.
Experience on client-side JavaScript tests with Karma used Jasmine behavior driven development framework for testing JavaScript and Angular JS code.
Worked with Atlassian suite – Jira, Confluence, Slack, Bitbucket, TeamCity/Octopus
Developed Razor views with strongly typed view models and helpers, and partial views using ASP.NET Core MVC 5, HTML5, CSS3, Angular 9/11, C#, and Telerik controls.
Extensive experience in designing and developing front-end/user interface (UI) of web applications using HTML 4/5/6, CSS3, DOM, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular 9/11, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, and XML.
Experienced in writing Gradle, Maven, and ANT scripts for continuous build and integration of Java applications using Jenkins and deploy using uDeploy.
Implemented jQuery and JavaScript for developing rich user interfaces.
Developed test strategies, test plans and test cases and performed Unit Testing to identify and resolve integration, functional and usability issues before deployment.
Provided daily status updates on work completed and the progress.
Experience with TeamCity to automate build.
Used Kanban board to optimize the flow of work.
Prepare and dispense work assignments, provide guidance, and/or review the work of other team members.

Environment: .NET framework 4.6.1, MVC 5.0, C#, SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio 2017, Entity framework 6 (EF6), SSIS, SSRS, web API 2, REST, Angular JS, AJAX, JSON, Microsoft Azure, Team Foundation Server(TFS), Bitbucket, Agile, Unit Testing, Bootstrap, AngularJS, LINQ, SOAP, Jasmine, Node.js, npm, Karma, Fluent Migrator, TeamCity, IIS, Jira, Kanban board.

Client: Home Depot,Denville, NJ March 2018 to June 2019
Role: Sr. Full Stack .Net Developer

Description: Credit Risk Management Dashboard which interconnects 11 applications and 3 tools to assist the user in managing their portfolio. It provides a list of items requiring attention, across multiple applications within the CRM Dashboard platform .

Responsibilities:
Involved in developing application in ASP.NET MVC, RESTful services, Razor syntaxes and Razor view engines using Visual Studio 2015.
Involved in communicating with the clients, gathering requirements for the development of different applications.
Developed business tire for the application in C#.
Data displaying, editing, sorting and adding new records using Data Grid.
Implemented Web Services used Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) methodology to implement the web services.
Developed REST and SOAP web services and REST web APIs which can be used by number of clients in getting useful data.
Involved in creating database schemas consisting of tables, views, triggers, stored procedures and indexes.
Planning and identification of service opportunities in various projects, Architecting and Modeling solutions as part of SOA/Java COE Consulting.
Providing consulting to project team on SOA implementation like XSL Transformation, various protocols and retry scenario, dynamic endpoint look up using WSRR, WSRR Mediation policy resolution, Human Task customization, security role mapping using LDAP, WS-Security using LTPA token and User name password authentication.
Used .NET Framework XML classes to develop the data layer.
Extensively Worked on N-tier and ADO.NET for the development of web application project.
Extensively Worked on MVC and Entity Framework 6 for the development of web application project.
Created reports utilizing SSRS, Excel services, Power BI and deployed them on SharePoint Server as per business requirements.
Developed modern web applications using Angular 9/11, Node.js, Express.js, Vue.js, and MongoDB.
Developed modern web applications using Angular 9/11, Node.js, Express.js, Vue.js, and MongoDB.
Designed and developed Micro Services using MEAN Stack (Node.js, MongoDB, Angular, Elastic search) on Private Cloud OpenStack Platform with Express.js.
Designed and developed Micro Services using MEAN Stack (Node.js, MongoDB, Angular, Elastic search) on Private Cloud OpenStack Platform with Express.js.
Created Silverlight Web objects for an Interactive UI.
Extensively worked on handling Exceptions using log4net.
Used Bootstrap and AngularJS for web design.
Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, web services using AJAX, JSON, XML and AngularJS.
Designed and developed manage system using ASP.Net Web Forms, WCF service, JQuery, JavaScript, SCSS, HTML5 ADO.Net and SQL Server.
Designed and developed selling system using HTML5, MVC4, JavaScript, SCSS, bootstrap, AJAX, LINQ, Entity Framework, JQuery, SQL Server.
Used SSMS (SQL Server Management Studio) to fetch the data from the database.
Developed Business layer components in C# as code behind files.
Created SQL Stored Procedure to implement complex business logics to improve performance.
Post-Release maintenance, bug fixing and adding new features, based on user requests.
Involved in the gathering requirements from various sources. Co-ordination with team members to discuss the scope of the project.
Provided daily status updates on work completed and the progress.
Used TFS (Team Foundation Server) to share all the work, code, to sort out the exceptions raised during work.

Environment: .NET framework 4.6.1, MVC 5.0, C#, SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio 2015, Entity framework 6 (EF6), SSIS, SSRS, web API 2, REST, Angular JS, AJAX, JSON, Microsoft Azure, Team Foundation Server (TFS), Agile, Unit Testing, Bootstrap, AngularJS, LINQ, SOAP.

Client: TD Bank, Cherry Hill, NJ March 2016 to Feb 2018
Role: Sr. Full Stack.Net Developer

Description: Build and maintain systems around pre-production, processing, analysis, online testing, and electronic reporting of assessments. Develop and maintain the configuration manager and system admin applications that can help customize the settings for the applications of each client. Perform code development, software design and engineering.

Responsibilities:
Designed user interface for ASP.NET 4.5 applications in C# and VB.
Involved in communicating with the clients, gathering requirements for the development of different applications.
Responsible in delivering SOA platform with high customer satisfaction.
Gathered business and functional requirements for new batch and real time interfaces for the Global Loan Platform / Misys Loan IQ' conversion project.
Leading QA team, enable them with SOA testing tools to deliver high quality system.
System study to migrate the code to ASP.NET, ADO.NET and C#.
Developed business tire for the application in C#.
C# WinForms used to develop Client Server application modules.
Data displaying, editing, sorting and adding new records using Data Grid.
Implemented Web Services used Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) methodology to implement the web services.
Involved in creating database schemas consisting of tables, views, triggers, stored procedures and indexes.
Support Loan Operations by reviewing critical issues and breaks, utilizing Subject Matter Expertise in Loan IQ functionality to determine appropriate solutions based on current business practices. When appropriate, work with development and IT to coordinate challenges that require a more complex solution.
Used .NET Framework XML classes to develop the data layer.
Extensively Worked on N-tier and ADO.NET for the development of web application project.
Extensively Worked on MVC and Entity Framework 6 for the development of web application project.
Used Bootstrap and AngularJS for web design.
Extensively used ADO.NET to communicate with database.
Worked with Web API to provide services to HTTP requests.
Involved in writing SQL queries to generate the reports.
Developed Business layer components in C# as code behind files.
Created SQL Stored Procedure to implement complex business logics to improve performance.
Designing WPF Forms, Custom Controls and User Controls using XAML language for interactive UI
Involved in the gathering requirements from various sources. Co-ordination with team members to discuss the scope of the project.

Environment: Visual Studio 2015, MVC 5.0, ASP.NET, VB.Net 11.0, C#, .NET FRAMEWORK 4.5, ADO.NET, AJAX, JSON, JavaScript, HTML, XML/XSLT, CSS, jQuery, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Web services, WSDL, SOAP, NUnit, SQL Server 2008/2012(T-SQL), WPF, Nunit.

Client: Equifax (DC, Remote) Sep 2015 to Feb 2016 Role: .Net Developer

Description: Built an eFile system replaced the paper registration and reporting processes. Other functionality was added to the system during development such as online payment via MasterCard/Visa (American Express is not available), immediate availability of information on the public search engine, and automatic filling in of information to reduce data entry. Provided issue fixes and daily production support.

Responsibilities:
Undergone various phases like design, functional and technical specification, coding, unit testing and code reviews.
Developed 3-tier architecture application.
Developed business use cases, sequential, collaborative, activity and class diagrams for the enterprise presentation, and business and data access components of the system using UML.
Developed and Enhanced Master Pages, User Controls, Custom Controls, User Interface by using HTML, CSS, ASP.NET Controls, WPF along with Telerik Kendo UI and Telerik .NET UI Controls.
Involved in creation of Web Forms using ASP.NET (C# code behind).
Developed business logic components in C# and Data Access Layer components using ADO.Net and C# for Customer module and Order module.
Developed Custom Controls and User Controls.
Imported data into SQL Server 2012 from Oracle 11g data source and developed Stored Procedures, Triggers, and Views for accessing the database.
Consumed WCF Services for accessing the database.
Designed the sequential workflow process using WWF for the workflow process of the Office of Open Records
Worked on the agile methodologies throughout the project.
Used ADO.NET objects such as Data Adapter, Data Reader, and DataSet for consistent access to the data store.
Developed Client-side validations in ASP.Net pages using JavaScript, VBscript and ASP.NET Validation Controls.
Used WCF methodology to implement the SOAP web services.
Used knockout to create the observables and Data Binding.
Implemented tight security throughout the application using .Net Forms Authentication.
Developed Web Services for creating and consuming business components.
Used Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), Master Pages, Themes, and Skins for achieving uniformity through all the pages.
Used XML Document object to parse the XML document.
Used ADO.NET objects such as GridView and FormView.
Worked on Client-Side Manipulations with Ajax.
Used Controls like Web Parts, Site Navigation, Master Page, User Login Controls.
Developed web pages and Did Enhancement in Classic ASP (VBScript) used ADO for database connectivity.
Created Stored Procedures, Views and User Defined function to minimize the database calls.
Used ADO.NET and Microsoft application block for SQL to call stored
Contact this candidate