Naresh Kumar Bathini
ad14c1@r.postjobfree.com
+1-732-***-****
Java Full Stack Developer
Introduction:
Having 9+ years of experience in full stack development in all phases of Software Development Life Cycles like AGILE/Scrum and Waterfall methodologies. Participated in the Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation, Testing, and Deployment of various web-based, enterprise business applications using JAVA/J2EE technologies. Experience in capturing Business Process Requirements, Design, Development, Testing, and Implementation for various client server-based applications using Java and J2EE technologies.

Certifications: AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate

Summary:
Having good working experience in Core Java, DevOps, J2EE, JSP, Hibernate, Web Services (SOAP & REST), and MVC Framework (Struts, Spring).
Good knowledge of designing, deploying, and operating highly available, scalable, and fault-tolerant systems using Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Azure.
Strong front-end UI development skills using scripting languages like HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, Angular JS, DOM, JSP, and jQuery Plugins.
Experienced in the Development, Testing, and Deployment of enterprise applications on Windows, Linux, and UNIX platforms using IDEs such as Eclipse, STS, and IntelliJ 14. x/ 15.x.
Good knowledge of Angular 8/11 directives to create reusable elements and attributes, along with easy-to-test and maintain client-side interactivity in web applications.
Experience in developing Angular 11 advanced features such as interfaces, nested components, services, routing, and modules.
Hands-on experience with AWS cloud in various AWS servers such as Redshift, Cluster, and Route53 Domain Configuration.
Developed and executed software systems utilizing JavaScript, CI/CD, Mean Stack, Groovy, BOOTSTRAP 3, and Spring Boot.
Experience in various application servers like Apache Tomcat, WebLogic, WebSphere, JBoss, and JRun.
Experience in automating the build and deployment process using Grunt/Gulp and Bower for the front end and using Git, Maven, Jenkins, Team City, Stash, GitHub Open shift, and Open stack for the backend.
Experience in using JavaScript and Typescript with libraries such as Angular, React JS, Graph QL, and Bootstrap.
Hands-on experience using HTML5, CSS 3/4, and JSP with a focus on Cross-browser/Cross-platform compliance.
Developed core modules in large cross-platform applications using Node JS, JAVA, J2EE, Spring-Boot, Struts, JSF, Hibernate, JSP, Servlets, EJB, JDBC, Web Services (SOAP, REST), and Microservices.
Experience with design, code, and debug operations reporting data analysis and web applications utilizing Python.
Experience with Python frameworks like web apps and Flask.
Experience in building REST API (Micro Services) using NodeJS, Express JS, and Mongo DB.
Experienced in implementing Service Oriented Architecture and Web Services using SOAP, and REST.
Very strong experience writing APIs/ and web services in PHP and Python.
Skilled in leading frameworks such as React JS, to build high-quality, scalable, and reusable, components and front-end solutions.
Expertise in integrating enterprise applications using Spring with Kafka.
Proficient in using Amazon Web Services (AWS). Extensive experience with services like EC2, Elastic Beanstalk, CloudWatch, CloudFront, CloudFormation, IAM, S3, RDS, SNS, SQS, AMI, and Lambda.
Worked with AWS for Storage & content delivery and Application deployment services.
Developed and configured the AWS Simple Notification Service (SNS) and Secure Email Service (SES) architecture of the solution and worked with a client.
Resolving AWS issues related to AWS Storage, Configuration, networking, routing, etc.
Hands-on experience in using Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) to deploy and maintain Spring Boot applications.
Installed, Configured, and Managed Docker Containers, Docker Images for Web Servers, and Applications servers such as Apache Tomcat using Docker and Integrating with Angular, React, and Spring Boot.
Worked with Docker container snapshots, attaching to a running container and managing containers.
Strong experience with MongoDB development (reports, schema design, map reduce functions) and migrations from SQL relational databases to NoSQL databases like MongoDB, and Cassandra.
Composed and executed MongoDB scripts to insert and update the NoSQL database, automating data changes and reporting. Implemented CRUD operations with MongoDB (NoSQL) and managed all the details of the Customer.
Hands-on experience with build tools like Maven, Gradle, and Logging tools like Log4J2 and Splunk.
Experience with CI/CD-ANT, MAVEN, GRADLE, JENKINS, CVS, GIT, and GITHUB.
Experience in designing and developing Microservices, transforming Monolithic architectures into Microservices using open-source frameworks like Spring Boot, Pivotal Cloud Foundry, and Spring Cloud Netflix

Technical Skills:
Programming Languages
Java 8, Java/J2EE, DTD, JDBC, Design Patterns, SHELL SCRIPTS, PHP, JAVASCRIPT, SQL, PL/SQL.
Technologies
Servlets, JSP, JSTL, JMS, SWING, jQuery, AJAX, XML, XSLT, XHTML, DHTML, CSS, SASS, HTML 5, AngularJS, Angular 8/11, NodeJS, ReactJS.
Frameworks
Struts 2.x/1.x, Spring 3.x, Hibernate 4.x/3.x, JSF 1.2/2.0.
Application/web servers
Oracle WebLogic, IBM WebSphere, JBoss, Tomcat.
Database Server
Oracle 10g/11g, DB2, PostgreSQL DB, MongoDB, SQL server, MS Access and MySQL, Cassandra.
Cloud Environments
AWS, Azure, Netflix Eureka, Kubernetes.
IDE
Eclipse, IntelliJ14.x/15.x and Spring Tool suite2.x/3.x
Web Services
AXIS, SOAP, JAX-WS, WSDL, and Restful.
Build Automation
Maven 3. x, Jenkins 2. x, Gradle, ANT, Log4J2.
Version Control Tools
SVN, CVS, Git, GitLab, Bitbucket
Methodologies
Agile, waterfall, TDD (Test-Driven- Development), Scrum.
Operating Systems
Windows, Unix, Linux, and MAC.

Professional Experience:

Client: Fidelity Investments TX Remote Mar 2023 –Till Date
Role: Java Full Stack Developer

Project: 401k Retirement Plan
Description: The 401(k)-retirement plan is a tax-advantaged savings designed to help individuals save for retirement. Employers offer this benefit, allowing employees to contribute a portion of their pre-tax income to a dedicated account. These contributions can be invested in a variety of financial instruments, fostering long-term growth. Additionally, some employers match a percentage of the employee's contributions, enhancing the retirement savings potential. The 401(k) plan provides flexibility, portability, and a disciplined approach to building a financial cushion for retirement, making it a popular choice for retirement planning in the United States.

Responsibilities:
Migrated Waterfall to Agile methodology and effectively took part in Daily Scrum meetings to deliver the tasks and projects within the time
Designed and developed Single page applications with rich user interfaces by using AngularJS, JSP, Servlets, JS Tag Libraries, and Spring frameworks (AOP and IOC).
Used Angular 11 framework where data from the backend is stored in the model and populated to UI.
Worked on creating components, directives, services, and routing in Angular 11 for better component communication by sharing the code between the components.
Created routing (SPA), modules, and reusable components using Angular 11 and TypeScript.
Written and developed SQL queries for Database access using Squirrel SQL Client
Used JDBC for accessing a database to track all sessions of accounts, which include Quotes, financial details, Provider/Member Info with all selected criteria
Used Java 8 Lambda expressions for array operations, collections, Enhanced Concurrency methods, etc. throughout the application for well-defined programming. Used Java 8 Stream APIs and functional style of programming
Worked on Dimensional and Relational Data Modeling using Star and Snowflake Schemas, OLTP/OLAP system, and Conceptual, Logical, and Physical data modeling using Erwin.
Used Java Message Service (JMS) for reliable and asynchronous exchange of important information that consumes the message from Java Message Queue
Used Maven build tool for application development.
Used Web Services - WSDL, SOAP for client-side for exchange rate calculation and Restful JAX-RS to communicate over the network by using Spring Boot
Deploying Spring Boot-based Microservices Docker container using Amazon EC2 container services Used Spring Boot to create enhanced Microservices and implemented the security for the service layer.
Implementing Microservices to separate the tasks and not to have a dependency on other Parallel ongoing tasks of the same Application. Microservices were implemented using Spring Boot.
Developed entire web-based application by using Spring MVC Framework
Implemented Spring Transactions along with Spring ORM for Database transactions
Developed Hibernate DAO classes and with the spring framework manager classes retrieved and saved the data from the database
REST API's development with Spring Boot, configuration, and maintenance of Microservices with CXF.
Build React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.
Used React.js in components like JSX, creating React components, and Virtual.
Worked on Load testing on JMeter to improve the performance of newly developed code
Monitored error logs using Log4J to Debug and fix the problems
Developed the necessary business logic by implementing J2EE design patterns like Session Facade, Singleton, and Data Access Object.
Expertise in using NoSQL database like MongoDB to support the storage of JSON objects and provides storage for security-related information
Used Serena as a Distributed version control system and branching for creating a new feature and making bug fixes
Implemented Hibernate ORM in the persistence layer in conjunction with Spring Functionality
Deployed Spring Boot-based Microservices Docker container using Amazon EC2 container services and using AWS admin console.
Used Docker as a new level of simplicity to define and create applications or services by encapsulating them in containers.
Used Docker containers to eliminate a source of friction between development and operations.
Scheduled, deployed, and managed container replicas onto a node cluster using Kubernetes.
Implemented branch-based Kubernetes workflow for different environments.
Expert in managing Kubernetes charts using Helm. Created reproducible builds of the Kubernetes applications, templatized Kubernetes manifests, and provided a set of configuration parameters to customize the deployment.
Taken care of the complete Java multi-threading part in back-end components
Configured Jenkins for Meeting Service to check out the code from Serena, Built the Service War using Maven Scripts, and Deployed on Development and Integration Servers
Supported the code builds by integrating with the continuous integration tool (Jenkins) Written Maven scripts, Installed Jenkins, and wrote shell script for end-to-end build and deployment automation
Developed Java API to connect with AWS S3 Services for storing and retrieving data from S3 buckets
Co-ordinate with QA lead for the development of test plan, test cases, test code, and actual testing responsible for defects allocation and resolution of those defects
Spin up EC2 instances using different AMIs and Created EC2 instances in the Development and Test environment and deployed application
Involved in post-production support and maintenance of the application
Resolved production errors and deployed applications for end users
Environment: Java 8, Spring framework, NodeJS, Spring Boot, Restful Webservices, AWS Infrastructure, Cloud formation template, Kafka, Docker, Angular framework, Reacts, Bootstrap, REST API, Type script, HTML5, CSS3, JPA, GIT Hub, Jenkins, JSON, DB2, Gradle, JUnit, SonarQube, TDD, Mockito framework, Swagger, Postman, Jira, AWS, Terraform, CI/CD, Kubernetes, Kafka, Git, GitHub, Maven.

Client: Truist Bank GA Remote Dec 2020 –Dec 2022
Role: Java Full Stack Developer

Description: Truist Bank offers deposits and loans, investment banking, Credit cards, wealth management, and other financial services. As a Senior Java developer, I was a part of developing the initialization of the loan module where I was involved in creating and maintaining the front-end and back-end services of the application and deploying it to the cloud.

Responsibilities:

Responsible for the development of Web pages using HTML5, JavaScript, jQuery, React.js, CSS, SASS/SCSS including Ajax controls and JSON.
Extensive hands-on experience designing and implementing event-driven architecture using Java, fostering efficient communication between decoupled components.
Analyses, Design, Implementation, and Support. Developing back-end services using Spring Boot.
Worked in React JS for creating interactive UI using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, and React concepts.
Performed Web services testing between third-party applications using SOAP UI and performance functional testing of REST APIs using JMeter.
Used Angular 4 Reactive forms to implement complex forms and performed the validations using form builders.
Help DevOps teams configure servers by building cookbooks to install and configure Tomcat.
Creating various server APIs to collect and transmit data to various existing Health Care Systems.
Implemented React router for building the single-page application.
Consumed RESTFUL web services using the Angular HTTP module and transferred the response using RXJS operators.
Escalation callbacks from theater lead from level 1.
Developed REST API in Node JS using express service.
The controller uses XML mappings in struts to map the request to the server-side functionality.
Developed Merge jobs in Python to extract and load data into MySQL database.
Worked with modules like MongoDB (NoSQL) for database persistence using Node JS to interact with Mongo DB.
Used Docker, Spring Boot, JBoss, and Cassandra.
Created new microservices for the customers to enroll and get reward points.
Used to deploy a portal application in the WebLogic portal server using the workshop.
Actively working on production IRs assigned in the Jira tool.
Involved in migrating microservices from PCF to the Kubernetes environment.
Used Jenkins to build and deploy the application and GitHub for code repository and version control.
Written and executed several stored procedures, triggers, packages, views, and functions using the SQL Developer tool.
Used Postman to test the API workflow on the JSON files.
Used Kibana, Grafana, and Splunk to monitor the logs and maintain the reports.
Created and injected Spring services, Spring controllers, and DAOs to achieve dependency injection and wire objects of business classes.
Worked extensively on developing controllers, Interfaces, and implementation classes using Spring MVC framework and used a Microservice architecture with Spring Boot-based service through REST.
Involved in Migrating existing applications into REST-based Microservices to provide all the CRUD capabilities using Spring Boot.
Implemented and designed AWS virtual servers by Ansible roles to ensure deployment of web applications.
Developed, debugged, integrated, and deployed applications using Eclipse (IDE) and used GIT as Version Control.
Scaled the component interactions and generalized the interfaces using Restful web service.
Worked on automation and Deployment using Configuration Management tools like Chef to provision Amazon AWS.

Environment: Java 1.8, STS, Eclipse, Gitlab 7.0, Oracle 12c, SQL, JMS, Angular 5/6, High charts, Webpack, Angular-CLI, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Restful, JSON, XML, JUnit 4.9, REST API, Spring 4.2, Microservices, Spring Boot, Spring AOP, Spring JPA, Jira, Tomcat, Protractor, Jenkins, Gradle, Apache, AWS

Client: Anthem CT Jan 2019 –Nov 2020
Role: Java Full Stack Developer

Project: Online Bill Pay Services (OBPS)
Description: OBPS is a web-based application developed for handling bill payments of its clients. This application helps the organization in the Reception, Imaging, Sorting, and Archival of various bills received. This helps the clients by providing a facility to pay bills, view account activity, make transfers, send wires, and use a wide variety of self-service options. This application also provides a high degree of customization to the clients by allowing them to define different levels of approval required to pay bills.

Responsibilities:

Actively involved in the development, testing, and maintenance phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Developed Database access components using Spring DAO integrated with Hibernate for accessing the data.
Designed dynamic and browser-compatible pages using HTML5, CSS3 JavaScript, and Angular JS.
Integrate the dynamic pages with Angular JS to make the pages dynamic.
Involved in designing and developing web pages using HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, React JS, Redux, Flex, Node JS, Mongo DB.
Experience using Spring Boot which is radically faster in building cloud Microservices and developing a spring-based application with very little configuration.
Consumed RESTFUL web services using Angular 2 HTTP Module and transformed the response using RXJS operators.
Developed Custom Tags and JSTL to support custom user interfaces.
Used the Java API to load the data into Cassandra Clusters.
Making the application responsive using bootstrap media queries.
Developed certain features of the application functionality i.e., CRUD (Create, read, update, delete) features using Express JS, Node JS, and Firebase.
Used CSS3 style sheets for presenting data from XML documents and data from databases to render on HTML5 webpages.
Used Spring MVC framework at the Web tier level to isolate each layer of the application so that the complexity of integration will be reduced, and maintenance will be very easy.
Web designing & development using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React JS, and Ajax.
Used JavaScript for server-side validations.
Experience with Apache, Tomcat, WebLogic /WebSphere, JDBC, and Oracle Database
Server instances are created on AWS and worked on the Code pipeline with Tomcat, Swagger is installed and used for deploying Microservices.
Developed React JS pages, Web services calls, and AJAX calls for the application.
Developed user interface by using React JS, and Flux for SPA development.
Used Spring Core annotations for Spring Dependency Injection, Spring MVC for Rest APIs, and Spring Boot for Microservices.
Implemented Design Patterns like MVC, Front Controller, Singleton, Factory, etc.
Used Spring Framework for integrating Hibernate for dependency injection.
Used React JS in the development of the web application to bind the data/model that is being retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view using scope.
Implemented Kafka Stream to retry error topic records.
Used the Hibernate ORM tool in the data access layer to map the object view of data into the database and to provide access and update information in the database.
Developed a fully functional prototype application using JavaScript jQuery Backbone.js and Bootstrap, connecting to a REST-full server on a different domain.
Utilized Java programming language to integrate Mongo DB into Java-based applications.
Improved performance of the tables through load testing using the Cassandra stress tool.
Involved in developing the Spring boot app in STS with GIT as a repository. Used Atlassian tools like Bitbucket, Bamboo, and Jira for the build and Maintenance of the project.
Implemented Kafka log compaction mechanism for restoring state in case of system failure.
Design and Modeling: Designed and modeled Mongo DB databases to ensure efficient data storage and retrieval, taking advantage of Mongo DB's document-oriented structure.
Involved in developing scripts for build, deployment, maintenance, and related tasks using Jenkins, and Docker.
Designed various Services and factories by using AngularJS, Bootstrap, and React components.
Developed Microservices using Spring Boot and deployed Microservices into the AWS cloud using Jenkins.
Used Spring Boot at the backend which helps to develop applications with ease.
Experienced with building Kafka Connector for publishing and consuming Kafka messages.
Developed server-side applications to interact with the database using Spring Boot and Hibernate.
Used SOAP Web Services for getting credit card information from third parties and SAX and DOM XML parsers for data retrieval.
Writing validation packages using PL/SQL package.
Use of tools such as Jenkins, and Sonar to ensure the continuous integration of the project.
Extensively used Eclipse for writing code.
With the concept of React JS Worked on usage metrics and end-to-end events tracing for analysis purposes.
Used Maven as a build tool and deployed on WebSphere Application Server.
Developed test cases on JUnit.
Used Log4J for logging and tracing the messages.

Environment: Java 8, Spring, MVC, Spring Boot, Hibernate, Micro Services, REST, Bootstrap, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JSP, Microservices, Angular.JS, React JS, Node JS, Kafka, Docker, Jenkins, GIT, EJB, Log4j, JUnit, XML, SOAP, Mongo DB, Cassandra, SQL, Agile and Windows.

Client: Kroger Boca Raton FL Sep 2016 – Dec 2018
Role: Java Developer

Description: The Online Grocery Ordering System is a comprehensive Java-based application designed specifically for Kroger Retail, a leading supermarket chain. The primary objective of this project is to create a user-friendly online platform that allows customers to conveniently order groceries and enhances their overall shopping experience.

Responsibilities:

Responsible for requirements analysis, technical design, implementation, testing, and documentation.
Involved in the design of application framework using J2EE guidelines and different J2EE design patterns and Object-Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD) methodologies.
Implemented Spring MVC to achieve Model View Controller design pattern. Configured Spring to manage actions as beans and set their dependencies in a Spring context file and integrated middle tire with Spring web layer.
Built Rich Prototypes and Applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap.
Involved in designing and implementing multi-tier applications using web-based technologies like Spring Boot.
Used Spring Boot at the back end which helps to develop applications with ease.
Experience with Front-end JavaScript frameworks like Angular JS, and Node JS. And with the creation of RESTful Web service.
Build Spring Boot microservices for the delivery of software products across the enterprise.
Experience in Message Oriented Middleware implementation using JMS and Apache Kafka.
Used Spring Boot Actuator to externalize the application's configuration properties for different environments.
Involved in the upgradation and maintenance of Confidential Online to the new layout using the Grid orientation model Bootstrap framework.
Added dynamic functionality to the application by implementing jQuery, and Node JS.
Worked on the development of Hibernate, including mapping files, configuration files, and classes to interact with the database.
Used Hibernate as an Object Relational mapping tool for data persistence.
Developed the front end of the application using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.
Implemented routing logic and login functionality on the client side using AngularJS.
JMS was used to send/receive asynchronous data from various modules in the application.
Involved in handling transactions using session beans using EJB.
Apache Kafka is used to send message objects to client queues and topics.
Developing Restful APIs using JSON, performing code management using GIT, and resolving code conflicts.
Implemented Completable Future using Java 8 for parallel calls for the microservices.
Used Log4j to print logging, debugging, and warning information.
Developed JUnit test cases for testing the business services and carried out bug fixing by rigorous testing using JUnit.
Constructed REST and SOAP web service work as an interface to collect verification information from external systems like user data using JAX-RS.
Designed database and created tables, written the complex SQL Queries, and stored procedures as per the requirements.
Involved in Agile Scrum Methodology and Test-Driven Development (TDD) for the software development process to produce high-quality applications.
Capable of delivering well-documented applications, adhering to quality standards and delivery dates.

Environment: Angular4, JavaScript, Typescript, HTML5, CSS, SDLC, JVM, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, AngularJS, Restful Web API, Kafka, Spring Boot, Microservices, J2EE, Java, AWS, Git, XML, Bootstrap.

Client: Value Labs Sep 2014 – Jul 2016
Role: Java Developer

Responsibilities:

Involved in the design and development of the entire application.
Created UML diagrams (use case, class, sequence, and collaboration) based on the business requirements.
Used JavaScript for client-side validation and Struts Validator Framework for form validations.
Implemented PL/SQL queries and used Oracle stored procedures, and built-in functions to retrieve and update data from the databases.
Used Hibernate Framework for object-relational mapping and persistence.
Interfaced with the Oracle back-end using Hibernate Framework and XML config files.
Used Eclipse for the development environment.
Wrote JUnit test cases to test the functionality of each method in the DAO layer.
Used CVS for version control.
Configured and deployed the web application using WebSphere Application Server
Used Rational Clear Quest.
Prepared technical reports and documentation manuals for efficient program development.

Environment: JSP, Servlets, Struts Framework, Struts 1.2, Struts Validator Framework, JavaScript, XML, Hibernate, HQL, Oracle9i, PL/SQL, WebSphere Application Server, Eclipse, JBoss Application Server, JUnit, CVS, Rational ClearQuest, Unix.

Education:
Bachelor of Technology- Electronics and Communication Engineering-2012-Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad.
Contact this candidate