Divesh Jadhav
Summary:
●Experienced Java Programmer with excellent design and coding skills with experience in developing software applications and possessing a record in successfully delivering crucial applications.
●Having experience in different SDLC Methodologies using Agile/ SCRUM, Behaviour Driven Development (BDD), and Test-Driven Development (TDD).
●Hands-on experience in developing Front End applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, Angular 14+, and TypeScript.
●Hands-on experience in using Angular 14+, and TypeScript to create Directives, Components, Services, and Pipes.
●Good knowledge of Java 8 and implementing Streams API with Lambdas, and new Java 8 features like Functional Interfaces, and Date-Time API, etc.
●Hands-on experience in Core Java with Multithreading, Concurrency, Exception, Generics, Collections, Java Virtual Machine, and Garbage Collection.
●Experience in developing enterprise applications using Model View Controller (MVC), Spring, and Hibernate frameworks.
●Hands-on experience in working with Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, Spring Web, Spring MVC, Spring Data JPA, Hibernate, and Spring Security.
●Extensive experience in Azure Cloud technologies like Data Factory, Database, Storage, App Service, and App Insights.
●Experience in Spring Security Framework for User Access Management and involved LDAP configuration for Authentication and Authorization.
●Experience in developing JPA Entity classes involving relationships such as One-to-One, One-to-Many, Many-to-One, and Many-to-Many.
●Hands-on experience in working with servers such as Apache Tomcat.
●Experience in working with Amazon Web Services (AWS) - EC2, and S3.
●Strong experience in RDBMS implementation and development using SQL Server, and MYSQL, and experience in working with SQL programming languages.
●Experience in working with IBM Db2 database.
●Hands-on experience with Integrated Development Environments (IDE) tools like IntelliJ, and Visual Studio.
●Experience in using build tools like MAVEN for the development of build artifacts on the source code. Experience in Unit testing on Angular applications using tools like Karma, and Jasmine.
●Experience in working with Test Driven Environment (TDD), and Behavior Driven Environment (BDD).
●Experience in using Postman for API development and testing.
●Excellent critical and analytical thinking, written and verbal communication skills, quick learning, rigid attention to detail, and ability to work independently as well within a team environment.

Technical Skills:
Programming Languages
Java/ J2EE, JavaScript
UI Technologies
Angular, TypeScript, Angular CLI, AG-Grid, Angular Material, Ajax, XML, Bootstrap, JSON, HTML5, CSS3
Server-Side Technologies
Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Spring Security, Spring Data JPA, Spring Cloud, Eureka, Ribbon, Feign Client, Hystrix, Hibernate, JDBC, RESTful, J2EE
Database
MS-SQL, MySQL, Oracle, IBM DB2
Debugging and Testing
JUnit, Mockito, Postman, Karma, Jasmine
Tools
Apache Maven, Jenkins, GitHub, Git, IntelliJ, JIRA, Azure DevOps, Automic, Pulumi
Cloud
AWS - EC2, S3, Azure cloud services

Experience:

Vizient Inc, Irving, Texas May 2023 – Till Date
Role: Java Full Stack Developer
Vizient is a corporation that serves over 5,000 not-for-profit health system members and their affiliates, including 1,360 acute care hospitals. The organization is working in clinical, financial, and operational management. The enterprise's supply chain management product serves the non-acute market as well as government, education, and business sectors. The 'Product Enrichment Platform' is used by Vizient analysts to enrich the master data with Attribution, UNSPSC, and PSC information. The enrichment process is necessary to effectively organize and identify products so that downstream applications can generate analytics to guide Members with purchasing and usage. The project is to build a backend application that receives data from upstream applications and processes it and a frontend application that allows the users to work on it.

Responsibilities:
●Involved in daily stand-up, refinement, sprint planning, retrospective, and review meetings as part of SDLC - Agile/ Scrum Methodology.
●Involved in the development and maintenance of the website using HTML5, CSS, Ajax, Angular 14+, TypeScript, Ag-Grid, and JavaScript.
●Worked on some of the features of Angular like form validators and filters.
●Worked with Angular CLI to create Pipes, Components, Services, and Directives.
●Improved the JSON responses from the REST APIs to improve error handling.
●Worked with Advanced Java 8 features like Lambda, filters, and Predicates for adding functionality processing capability and Stream API to facilitate pipeline processing and method to eliminate elements based on the criteria.
●Implemented Excel output file creation logic using Excel Workbook libraries.
●Worked in maintaining maven dependencies and configurations of the Spring Boot application involving Spring Web Service, Spring Security, Spring Cloud, Spring JPA, etc.
●Worked on Azure Cloud services utilizing App service for running the instance of the backend, Data factory for ETL & ELT, Load balancer for managing the load on the instances, SQL database instance, Azure Storage for working with blob services and file services.
●Managed the infrastructure on Azure using Typescript with Pulumi templates.
●Developed Automic Events & Jobs for scheduling execution of ETLs.
●Used Integrated Development Environment (IDE) such as IntelliJ, and VS Code.
●Developed different Entity classes and mapped them to corresponding tables in MS SQL by using Hibernate.
●Used Maven as a build tool and wrote the dependencies for the jars that need to be migrated.
●Created Azure CI/CD pipelines and used the Octopus Deploy tool for deploying applications in different environments like (Dev, Test, Stage, & Prod).
●Used Git for software version control.
●Worked with Unit Testing of applications using Jasmine, and Karma.
●Used Postman to test the functionality of REST API.
●Written unit test cases and integration test cases using JUnit and Mockito.
●Worked in an Agile Software Development environment, involved in sprint meetings to ensure delivery of high-quality work, and used Azure DevOps for project tracking.

Environment: Agile, Scrum, Java17, HTML5, CSS3, Ajax, JavaScript, Angular 14+, Angular CLI, TypeScript, Ag-Grid, Spring Security, Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, Spring Web Service, Azure, Hibernate, MS-SQL, Maven, SQL, Git, Postman, IntelliJ, Jenkins, JUnit, Mockito, Jasmine, Karma, Azure DevOps.

Tabula Rasa HealthCare, Moorestown, NJ Jan 2022 – April 2023
Role: Java Full Stack Developer
The Tabula Rasa HealthCare family of companies provides new beginnings for our clients, through innovative service models and fresh approaches to healthcare technology. Tabula Rasa HealthCare deals with healthcare, technology, and medication risk mitigation. The project is to build an online platform for health where the users create profiles and connect with doctors through the application including managing appointments and messaging.

Responsibilities:
●Involved in daily stand-up and weekly development review meetings as part of SDLC - Agile/ Scrum Methodology.
●Mainly involved in developing and maintaining the website using HTML5, CSS, Ajax, Angular 10+, TypeScript, Angular Material, and JavaScript.
●Used Bootstrap and CSS Media Queries to make the responsive web design.
●Worked on some of the new features of Angular like new if-else syntax, ng-templates, and form validators.
●Worked with Angular CLI to create Pipes, Components, Services, and Directives.
●Applied Lazy Loading that reduces the number of HTTP requests to enhance system performance.
●Created custom Pipes to format the data before displaying it to the user.
●Developed an application to assess JSON and XML from Restful web service from the consumer side using JavaScript and Angular 10+.
●Worked with Advanced Java 8 features like Lambda, filters, and Predicates for adding functionality processing capability and Stream API to facilitate pipeline processing and method to eliminate elements based on the criteria.
●Worked in maintaining maven dependencies and configurations of the Spring Boot application involving Spring Web Service, Spring Security, Spring Cloud, Spring JPA, etc.
●Decoupled existing monolithic services into multiple Microservices using Spring Boot and Spring Cloud, and managed them with Netflix OSS components (Eureka, Hystrix).
●Managed AWS EC2 instances utilizing Auto Scaling, and Elastic Load Balancing for our QA.
●Used Integrated Development Environment (IDE) such as IntelliJ.
●Developed different Entity classes and mapped them to corresponding tables in MySQL by using Hibernate.
●Used Maven as a build tool and wrote the dependencies for the jars that need to be migrated.
●Created Jenkins CI/CD pipelines for deploying applications in different environments like (Dev, QA, & Prod).
●Used Git for software version control.
●Worked with Unit Testing of applications using Jasmine, and Karma.
●Used Postman to test the functionality of REST API.
●Written unit test cases and integration test cases using JUnit and Mockito.
●Worked in an Agile Software Development environment, involved in sprint meetings to ensure delivery of high-quality work, and used JIRA for project tracking.

Environment: Agile, Scrum, Java8, HTML5, CSS3, Ajax, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Angular 10+, Angular CLI, TypeScript, Angular Material, Spring Security, Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, Hystrix, Circuit Breaker, Feign Client, Spring Web Service, AWS, S3, EC2, Auto Scaling, ELB, Hibernate, MYSQL, Maven, SQL, Git, Postman, IntelliJ, Jenkins, JUnit, Mockito, Jira.

JTB Business Travel, Jersey City, NJ Jan 2021 - Dec 2021
Role: Java Full Stack Developer
The JTB Business Travel global brand is part of JTB, a worldwide leader in travel with a network of 508 locations in 143 cities and 39 countries. Its dedicated Business Travel Advisors, paired with our best-in-class technology partners, provide an end-to-end, single trusted source for Business Travel Management that is never outdated and always able to respond to client needs. Embracing new technologies and offering innovative services creates superior travel experiences for Business Travelers, Travel Managers, and Executives. The project is to build a travel company website so that users can create their accounts and start planning their trips according to the recommendations from the website.

Responsibilities:
●Gathered system requirements for the application and worked with the business team to review the requirements and went through the Software Requirement Specification document and Architecture document.
●Involved in the Analysis, Design, Development, and Testing phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Agile/ Scrum development methodology.
●Developed the User Interface-UI using JavaScript, HTML5, AJAX, CSS3, Angular, Angular Material, Angular CLI, and TypeScript.
●Worked on some of the new features of Angular like new if-else syntax, ng-templates, and form validators.
●Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST APIs using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 6+.
●Used Java 8 features like Streams, and developed service classes with Collections, and Lambda Expressions to express instances of functional interfaces.
●Designed and implemented a Microservices-based solution using Spring Boot.
●Extensively used Core Java concepts and implemented Collections, I/O, Exception Handling, and Generics in logic design, and development.
●Implemented Microservices with Spring Cloud library services like Netflix Eureka Naming Server, Ribbon, Hystrix, and Feign Client as a Rest client to map the response to the client bean.
●Responsible for securing Rest APIs with JSON Web Tokens (JWT) to authenticate users of the application with Spring Security.
●Used EC2, and S3 in Amazon Web Service (AWS) for deploying frontend and backend applications.
●Generated persistence mappings according to the well-designed database on MySQL by applying Hibernate mapping.
●Used Maven as a dependencies management tool: Spring Web, Spring Security, and Spring JPA.
●Extensively used Git for version control and source code management.
●Used Jenkins for CI/ CD and GIT for version control systems and source code management.
●Involved in writing Test Suites and Test Cases for unit testing and implemented unit testing using JUnit.
●Used Postman to test the functionality of REST API.
●Maintain JIRA with proper tasks for each user story in the current sprint and prepare a detailed level of plan for upcoming sprints.
Environment: SDLC, Agile, Scrum, HTML5, CSS3, Ajax, JavaScript, Bootstrap 4+, Angular 6+, TypeScript, Angular CLI, Angular Material, Java 8, Spring Boot, Spring Security, Spring Cloud, Netflix Eureka Naming Server, Ribbon, Hystrix, Feign Client, AWS, Lambda, EC2, S3, Git, Jenkins, Maven, Postman, JUnit, Jira.

Tata Consultancy Services – Ultimatix Payroll, India Apr 2018 - Nov 2020
Role: Java Full Stack Developer
Ultimatix Payroll is a payroll solution provider to the Financial HRs at Tata Consultancy Services. Ultimatix payroll works to provide comprehensive hiring, settlement, and payroll processing solutions. This project is a Payroll Manager portal application that provides the users the feasibility to check the details of every employee, update the details based on management rules and decisions, process salary, and provide reports related to the same.

Responsibilities:
●Developed the software project in a systematic and disciplined manner following the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) – Agile/ Scrum process.
●Designing the server-side components using UML Class Diagrams and J2EE design patterns like Singleton, Factory, and DAO.
●Followed Scrum/ Agile Methodology during the software development life cycle.
●Developed User Interface by Using HTML5, Bootstrap 4+, JavaScript, CSS3, and Angular.
●Worked extensively with Angular CLI for creating Components, Services, Pipes, Directives, Templates, and Dependency Injection.
●Applied Angular Services to share the data with components based on Dependency Injection.
●Implemented Java 8 features to develop applications like Lambda Expressions, Streams, and Functional Interfaces.
●Created application on Spring framework, and Multithreading to improve performance.
●Developed the backend with the Spring Framework using Spring MVC as the web framework.
●Maintained the existing code base developed in Spring and Hibernate framework by incorporating new features and fixing bugs.
●Worked with method declaration in Spring Data repository using JPA Repository and with method definition in Service implementation.
●Implemented Microservices architecture using containers and Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform.
●Effectively worked with Jenkins Integration Server is used to perform Continuous Integration and Continuous Development.
●Worked with GIT as a version control tool and Maven Build tool in the project.
●Extensively used PL/ SQL for writing queries and stored procedures in Oracle/ SQL Databases.
●Administered and deployed applications into WebSphere Application Server.
●Developed SQL queries with JDBC API to create, retrieve, and update data.
●Created an up-to-date foundation for developer-side testing by using test frameworks: JUnit, and Mockito.
●Used JIRA for tracking the Project Stories in AGILE Methodology.

Environment: SDLC, Agile, Scrum, MVC, Java 8, J2EE, Hibernate, HTML5, JavaScript, Ajax, Angular, Angular CLI, CSS3, Spring Security, Spring MVC, Hibernate, AWS, Tomcat, PL/SQL, Oracle, SQL, JDBC, Maven, Jenkins, Git, JUnit, Mockito, Jira.

Tata Consultancy Services – Ultimatix Compensation, India Aug 2015 - Mar 2018
Role: Java Developer
Ultimatix Compensation is the experienced, trusted provider of products designed with HRs, our customers, in mind. With Ultimatix Compensation, you can perform day-to-day HR responsibilities and manage it all safely and securely. The project is to develop a web application, that enables Managers to manage employee performance submission, and the HR department can use it for the management of salary, employee benefits, health insurance, etc.

Responsibilities:
●Developed the software project in a systematic and disciplined manner following the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process.
●Worked in an Agile/ Scrum environment and was involved in Daily stand-up, Sprint planning, Sprint refinement, Sprint Review, and Sprint retrospective meetings.
●Developed UI with HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript.
●Developed the Application Framework using Java, Spring, and Hibernate.
●Implemented Core Java concepts like Multi-Threading, Exception Handling, Collections, and Concurrent APIs.
●Designing the server-side components using UML Class Diagrams, and J2EE design patterns.
●Used Spring Inversion of Control (IoC) for injecting the beans reduced the coupling between the classes and implemented the Model View Controller using Spring MVC.
●Developed the persistence layer using Hibernate (ORM) Framework, created the POJO objects, and mapped using Hibernate (ORM) annotations.
●Developed the code builds by integrating with the Continuous Integration (CI) tool (Jenkins) and writing Ant scripts.
●Effectively worked with Jenkins Integration Server is used to perform Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Development (CD).
●Used GitHub version control across common source code used by developers.
●Wrote SQL queries for accessing, manipulating, and updating the Db2 database.
●Maintain JIRA with proper tasks for each user story in the current sprint and prepare a detailed level of plan for upcoming sprints.

Environment: Agile, Scrum, UML, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Java, J2EE, Spring, Servlets, JavaBeans, Spring JDBC, Spring MVC, Hibernate, SQL, Ant, GitHub, Jenkins, IBM Db2, Jira.

Education:
●Master of Science in Software Engineering, New Jersey Institute of Technology, Newark, NJ.
Contact this candidate