Sai Pavan
ad22so@r.postjobfree.com
Contact: +1-469-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
** ***** ** ** ********** as DotNet Full Stack Developer in designing, developing, testing, and implementing client/server applications in Software Development Life Cycle(SDLC) in Banking and Brokerage and Security and Payments, Insurance, Health Care Domains on web-based applications.
Experience in technologies like ASP.NET, .Net Core, .Net 6, Web Services, Angular JS & 8+, XML, SOAP, Micro service, Visual Basics (VB.NET), SQL Server, SSRS and SSIS.
Developing in building Web User Interface (UI) using Typescript, HTML, CSS, jQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX, SASS, Bootstrap, Kubernetes, XML, JSON, SOAP, REST API's.
Experience in client scripting language and server-side scripting languages like JavaScript, Typescript, Node JS and NGRX platform.
Experience of designing and developing of software applications with the Object-Oriented Design Principles, Parallel Programming, Multi-Threading, Dependency Injection.
Experience in developing micro services using a combination of Command Query Responsibility Segregation (CQRS) on DDD (Domain-Driven Design) using Container based application.
Good understanding and practical experience of Model, View, and Controller concept that separates the concern to better organize the project.
Developed IoT applications using .NET framework and languages like C# and VB.NET.
Experience in performing Strategic Planning for executives, forming SO governance policy and life cycle design, enterprise application architecture design and development using Service-Oriented Architecture.
Experience and implementing and managing Single Sign-On solutions, OAuth, OpenID Connect), identity and access management (IAM), LDAP, Active Directory, multi-factor authentication (MFA), and encryption techniques.
Extensive knowledge and hands on experience in developing Node JS applications using MVC frameworks and installation of client-side dependencies using Bower.
Experience working among technologies such as Xamarin iOS and Xamarin Cross-Platform applications.
Hands on Experience in implementing and consuming Confidential WEB API, used HTTP methods (verbs-GET, PUT, POST, PATCH, DELETE) to do CRUD operations, supporting JSON.
knowledge on HL7 standards through FHIR(Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources), HIPAA(Health Information Portability and Accountability Act).
Developed Single Page Applications i.e. web applications using Typescript Such as Angular 14 from starch, also developed web pages for different device like Mobile, Desktop using Responsive Web Design and Bootstrap.
Proficient in writing Unit Test Cases for business logic and Web Services, performed Unit Testing using NUnit. Also worked on jasmine and Karma, JUnit testing Framework.
Experience in Database design and writing Stored Procedures, Tables, Indexes, Functions, Triggers, Views, Joins, performing Query Optimization and Performance Tuning in SQL Server2017/19 and Cosmos DB Databases.
Experience in working in Data migration using SQL Server Reporting Services.
Hands-on experience in using message brokers such as RabbitMQ.
Setup datadog monitoring across different servers and aws services. Created datadog dashboards for various applications and monitored real-time and historical metrics.
Strong experience in building Azure Cloud solutions with IaaS, PaaS & LaaS models.
Experience in deploying applications with Cloud Services by creating a simple Cloud Service with Visual Studio, testing it locally, deploying to a live Microsoft Azure Cloud, Azure DevOps environment and Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Solid proficiency with distributed version control tools such as GIT, GitHub, SVN and Bitbucket, Kubernetes.
Expert knowledge of versioning tools like TFS (Team Foundation Server), VSS (Visual Source Safe) and JIRA.
Involved in all phases of SDLC like Requirement Analysis, Implementation, Maintenance, and extensive experience with Agile, SCRUM and sprint planning cycles.
Devops tools like Terraform, Terraform Cloud, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes.
Worked closely with the project management and marketing team to completely define specifications to help ensure project acceptance. Involved in Understanding functional specifications and developing creative solutions to meet business requirements.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

.Net Technologies
.NET Framework 4.0/4.5, C#, ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET WEB API, .Net Core, ADO.NET / Entity Framework, Microsoft SQL Server.
Front-End \ Web Technologies
Angular 7/8, HTML4/5, CSS2/3, XHTML, JavaScript, Typescript, jQuery, AJAX, SASS, LESS, SVG, Bootstrap, XML, JSON, SOAP, REST API's
Database
SQL Server 2017/2019, Oracle 11g, Mongo DB, COSMOS DB
Development Tools
Visual Studio 2017/2019, SQL Server Management Studio 2017/19, Visual Studio Code, IntelliJ
Front - End Build Tools
NPM, Bower, Gulp, Grunt, Webpack, Node
Operating Systems
Windows XP/ Vista/ 7, Windows 2008/2003 server, Windows 8/10, Mac OS, Linux
Unit Test
MS Visual Studio Test edition, NUnit, Junit, Mocha, Karma

EDUCATION:

Bachelor’s in Computer Science and Engineering, JNTUH 2012, India.
Master’s in Information Technology, Southern Arkansas University 2016 Magnolia, US

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

New York City Department of Education Dec 2020- Present
Role: Full stack Developer
Location: Dallas, Texas
Involved in the complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Analysis, Design, Implementation, Testing and Maintenance with Agile Methodology. Collaborating with team to design and develop user interface for various projects using VB.NET and C#
Extensively involved in developing .NET Application using Web technologies like .NET 6
Development of all modules which requires expertise in all programming languages and technologies C#, VB.NET, .Net Core 3.0, .NET 6, Web API 2, RESTFUL Services, Windows Services and Web Services. User Interface using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and Angular 12/14.
This project is related to the student database including food/nutrition services and attendance for students
under the NYC Department of Education.
Working with a team including 10 members in handling 6 projects out of 50 ongoing projects in the Department
of Education including reporting projects specifically for reporting databases to consolidate various applications
in a single platform to make it more user-friendly
Developed .NET Core Web API based on departmental requirements and specifications.
Worked on Migrating Legacy Application into a Micro Services based on Containerized web application.
Used Docker for containerizing and Mass Transit with Rabbit MQ for Integration Event Handling between Micro Services.
Implemented convention-based CRUD actions like GET, POST, PUT and DELETE.
Developed REST/WCF Web services, ASP.NET WEB APIs and involved in pre-testing using POSTMAN.
Tested several SOAP and REST API based internal tools to enhance quality and performance of existing code base.
Analyzed and repaired of existing VB and VB.NET applications.
Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 12/14.
Building the new application from scratch and involved in migrating the application from Angular 2.0 to Angular 12/14 and .Net 6.
Created database tables, reference data tables, stored procedures, and other scripts to handle project datausing SQL Server 17/19.
Wrote queries to produce reports using SQL Server 2015/17 Analysis Services (SSAS) and Reporting service (SSRS).
Experienced in developing web applications using the MVC architectural pattern in .NET framework.
Worked on MVC design pattern and its separation of concerns.
Experience in developing scalable applications using ASP.NET MVC framework.
Set up and configuration of various instruments on AWS direct connect to create DEV/IT, Stagging and Production environment for short-term internal projects.
Building cloud native applications on Azure. Analysis, preparing technical specs, developing and implementation of changes and testing on the programs given by onshore.
Experience working with different CLoud Deployment Models such as IaaS, PaaS, LaaS, For IaaS worked on deploying applications on Azure VMS, For PaaS deploying applications on Azure App Services, For LaaS deploying applications on Azure Functions.
Analysis, preparing technical specs, developing and implementation of changes and testing on the programs given by onshore.
Monitoring and tuning the SOA infrastructure for ample load.
Gather customer defects on regular basis and Perform root cause analysis on customer defects to identify areas of improvement for the project.
Working as a DevOps Engineer for multiple development teams, system analysis team to establish a build schedule, provide a guideline for deployment in higher environments and with troubleshooting build system failures.
Worked extensively in user and production support. (Stagging) before deploying application to production to reduce the impact and error in production.
Demo the final product to the team and ensure everything is built in accordance to the requirements and deploy the application to the production environment for User acceptance testing.
Participate in scrum meetings and coordinate with Business Analysts to understand the business needs and implement the same into a functional design.
Involved in debugging the UI using fribug to fix issues across many browser.
Meet with team to provide the daily status report and discuss with Team regarding any issues and seeking his advice for the solution and explaining the solution we are thinking off.

Environment: C# (6.0/4.5), VB.Net, Angular JS, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, .NET Framework (4.5/4.0), Heidi SQL Server and Integrate web application using REST/SOAP Web services and API's, GitLab, PowerShell.

Dell Technologies, TX June 2019- Nov 2020
Role: UI (Angular) / .Net Developer (Full Stack Developer)
Location: Austin, Texas

Design, develop and implement software applications, create system procedures and ensure that the developed applications function normally.
Extensively involved in developing .NET Application using Web technologies like .NET Framework 4.0, Web Services, IIS 5/6, C#, SOAP, REST, Typescript, JavaScript, SQL Server, Kubernetes
Developed REST Web services, ASP.NET WEB APIs and involved in pre-testing using POSTMAN.
Created Angular service and integration with RESTful APIs. Used Angular HTTP Client to send GET/POST request to fetch data from server.
Migrated the current application from Angular JS to Angular 7/8, To utilize latest features available on components and services to present effective web design.
Developed various pages in the applications in front end technologies TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3-SASS, JSON, Angular 7/8, Angular JS, RXJS, and NGRX platform.
Created user interfaces according to the Design Document and Interact with the team to find a solution to any persisting issues.
Developed and performed test uses using jasmine and Karma in the unit test, and used the protractor and Http-server for the End2End testing.
Created database tables, reference data tables, stored procedures, and other scripts to handle project data using SQL Server 17/19 and having experience using Mongo DB.
Performed Unit testing using NUnit, Integration Testing, Performance Testing and System Testing.
Manage daily support and maintenance of internal Web application and conduct long-term improvement operations to ensure compatibility with evolving mention requirements. Created automation scripts in SOAP UI for web services testing.
Performed strong debugging and troubleshooting skills to identify and resolve issues in MVC applications.
Used third-party APIs and services into MVC applications.
Consistent learning and implementing with the latest trends and advancements in MVC and .NET development.
Interacting with client server admin team and educate the SOA functionality from configuration and maintenance point of view.
Experienced in working on DevOps /Agile operations process and tools area (Code review, unit test automation, Build & Release automation Environment, Incident and Change Management) including various tools.
Check in the code in the TFS after the code review and verify the changes after deployment in the lower environment.
Working as a DevOps Engineer for multiple development teams, system analysis team to establish a build schedule, provide a guideline for deployment in higher environments and with troubleshooting build system failures.
Hands-on experience in using message brokers such as RabbitMQ.
Demo the final product to the team and ensure everything is built in accordance to the requirements and deploy the application to the production environment for User acceptance testing.
Experience in design and developing Application leveraging MongoDB.
Managed Servers on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform instances using Puppetconfiguration management.
Integrated services like GitHub, AWS CodePipeline, Jenkins and AWS Elastic Beanstalk to create a deployment pipeline.
Terraform cloud will consist of a gradual rollout for teams seeking to leverage the platform. In this project we intend for the platform to be completely self-service (guard railed with sentinel) self service automation
Deployment of self service modules/policies through Terraform cloud.
Developed environments of different applications on AWS by provisioning on EC2 instances using Docker, Bash and Terraform.
Involved to understand and migrate it to a new one, we use DDD design and also micro services architecture along with MediatR patterns
Participate in scrum meetings and coordinate with Business Analysts to understand the business needs and implement the same into a functional design.
Meet with team to provide the daily status report and discuss with Team regarding any issues and seeking his advice for the solution and explaining the solution we are thinking off.

Nordstrom, WA Oct 2018-May 2019
Role: Dotnet Full Stack Developer
Location: Seattle, Washington

Involved in the complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Analysis, Design, Implementation, Testing and Maintenance. Demonstrated the specific modules and participated in weekly meetings as per the SCRUM.
Implemented New Webpages like Wishlist, Shopping bag and Checkout pages in Angular 6. And maintained, Enhanced Old pages which is in React 15/16.
Developing integrated n-layered .Netweb application using technologies likeASP.Net, C#, SQL Server, SOAP, REST, WEB.API in .NET Framework.
Analyzed and repaired of existing VB and VB.NET applications.
Performed various duties, including designing, development, testing and deployment of VB.NET applications as required
Designed and developed .Net Framework 2.0 Code-First approach with Repository-Pattern based backend and used RESTful and Web API as transaction and communication technology to the client-side.
Developed Web Forms using ASP.NET controls, C#, CSS, TypeScript, JSON, Ajax, and HTML to facilitate the registered users.
Led build of full stack, real-time micro service in manufacturing domain with Angular Material and ASP.NET Web API.
Experience in creating user interface using Android SDK, iOS SDK and also in using Xamarin. Forms for designing Ul using framework APIs and XAML with different available layouts and controls. Responsible for building Mobile applications using Xamarin Studio.
Developed IOS Application using C#, with Xamarin
Involved in implementing .NET Security features like Authentication and Authorization using Form-based and Window-based authentication, Authorizing Users, Roles and User Account Impersonation, tracing.
Designed and developed the login portal using React 15/16, Ionic 2 framework along with HTML5, CSS3 and Typescript. Created individual pages using HTML, CSS, TypeScript,and Bootstrap, Angular Material (for making it responsive).
Maintained and development of a well responsive single page application using React 15/16, Node JS framework, JavaScript, RXJS, and NGRX platform in conjunction with HTML5, CSS3 andwith front-end UI.
Implemented NGRX store to maintain the state of the application. NGRX store was used to store results after angular injector observable retrieved the data from backend.
Added logic to dispatch the action to NGRX store, this was done to update the store and to update components subscribed to that store.
Wrote queries to produce reports using SQL Server 2015/17 Analysis Services (SSAS) and Reporting service (SSRS).
Providing consulting to project team on SOA implementation like XSL Transformation, various protocols and retry scenario, dynamic endpoint look up using WSRR, WSR Mediation policy resolution. Human Task customization, security role mapping using LDAP, WS-Security using LTPA token and User name password authentication.
Responsible of web application deployments over cloud services (web and worker roles) on AWS, using VS.
Experienced in managing Virtual Machines, Storage, network,and applications using Windows AWSportal.
Involved in migrating SQL Server databases to SQLDatabase using SQL Migration Wizard and then Deployed application to AWSCloud.
Integrated services like GitHub, AWS CodePipeline, Jenkins and AWS Elastic Beanstalk to create a deployment pipeline.
Expertise in Development Testing of Automation Tools, Bluetooth tools. Working with Project members having ownership of Bluetooth connectivity module.
Development of Android application for notifications, Bluetooth Test, Automation tool.
Experience with automated live streaming using Azure Media Services and data streaming real-time solution.
Involved in coding data base design and test cases design unit testing for the large streaming media data files. Also implemented common java script functions style sheets.
Analyze production issues to determine root cause and provides fix recommendations to the development team.
Create Cosmos scripts which pulls data from upstream structured streams and include business logic &
transformations to meet the requirements.
Contribute to the design and implementation of monitoring solutions in Terraform, Docker, and Jenkins.
Setup AWS infrastructure monitoring through Datadog and application performance monitoring through App
Dynamics.
Automate Datadog Integrations through Ansible Scripts for QA, Regression and Prod environments and also created dashboards with the stack through Terraform Scripts
Support applications in production. Note interruptions or bugs in operation and perform problem solving exercise to determine problem and ensure continued use of the application.
Good exposure to the JIRA - project tracking tool and Agile. Using JIRA and Rally which updates the work status, with the team and interacts with the other teammates across geography.
Review and approved requests for work/tasks on systems and deployments inside the classified domains
Providing 24/7 support for on-call on Production support and Performance issues.
Microsoft, WA Mar2018-Oct 2018
Role: .Net Developer (Full Stack Developer)
Location: Redmond, Washington

Responsibilities:

Involved in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) which includes requirement Gathering, Design, Coding, and Testing.
Developed user interface for application using C#, JavaScript, CSHTML, HTML, CSS, ASP.NET WEB API 2.0, SQL Server DB, Microsoft Azure and implemented business logic using C#, .NET.
Developed responsive single page application using React, Angular 2/4 and Typescript in conjunction with HTML5, CSS3 standards.
Developed single-page application using React Js, Angular 2/4 with Web API's using .NET.
Designed and developed the login portal using React Js, Angular 2/4 along with Type Script by adding new features based on new business requirements.
Designed and Developed Microservice's for the business components using .NET framework and WebApi's for Microservice's.
Worked on Webservice, XML and JSON parsing included in the project. Developed HTML prototypes and UI deliverables, such as wireframes, screen mock-ups, and interface design.
Design and development of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions, client-side validations using JavaScript.
Involved in migrating huge database from all SQL Server versions based on application compatibility and fixing the users.
Imported data from flat files to SQL Server, LINQ database using SSIS Also used Azure for Scaling and checking the reliability of the applications which were developed during the project.
Working as Cloud Administrator on Microsoft Azure, involved in configuring virtual machines, storage accounts, resource groups and used Log Analytics service in Azure OMS to monitor cloud environment to maintain their availability and performance.
Experience on Azure App Services, Function Apps, Logic Apps, Azure BLOB Storages, Azure Service Bus, Azure Event/IoT Hubs.
Implemented IoT solutions to connect devices and sensors using protocols such as MQTT, CoAP, and HTTP.
Integrated IoT devices with backend systems and databases using technologies like Azure Functions and Azure Cosmos DB.
Implemented real-time data processing and analytics for IoT applications using Azure Stream Analytics or similar frameworks.
Experience with Microservices architectures with Docker, Kubernetes.
Experience in creating CI/ CD deployment pipelines using Azure Devops with Yaml.
Experience in JSON based Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates for deployments. Hands on experience on Backup and restore Azure services. Interacted with multiple teams who are responsible for Azure Platform to fix the Azure Platform Bugs.
Acted as build and release engineer, deployed the services by VSTS (Azure DevOps) pipeline and Team Foundation Source Control (TFS). Created and Maintained pipelines to manage the IAC for all the applications.

Galaxe Solutions, MI (Net Health, Health Care Domain) March 16 – March 18
Role: .Net/ UI(Angular) Developer (Full Stack Developer)
Location: Detroit, Michigan

Responsibilities:
Participate in Agile Development & Testing (Daily Scrum Meetings, Sprint Planning and Retrospective and Sprint Reviews).
Developed user interface for application using WEB API, Typescript, Angular 4, Bootstrap, PrimeNG, HTML, CSS, and implemented business logic using C#.
Developed responsive single page application using Angular 4 and Typescript in conjunction with HTML5, CSS3 standards.
Configured routing in the application for various components using Angular router and used Angular HTTP clientto make WEB API callsand used ng-redux to manage application state on the UI for Uni directional data flows.
used Angular CLI to generate code coverage reports in the application.
Analyzed and repaired of existing VB and VB.NET applications
Performed various duties, including designing, development, testing and deployment of VB.NET applications as required
Coordinated with the team to use established development tools, guidelines, and conventions, including VB.NET, SQL Server, HTML, CSS and JavaScript to build quality web application
Involved in creating packages, Stored procedures, Cursors, Joins and Complex queries in SQL Server 2012.
Created RESTFUL services using ASP.NET Web API and took part in requirement gathering, analysis and development of assigned modules.
Hands on design, configuration and maintenance of Governance Enablement Profile in WebSphere Service Registry and Repository for effective customized SOA Governance Lifecycle
Developed and implemented FHIR (Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources).
Developing Clinical Decisions Support Platform FHIR application integrated with clinical pathways support, prior authorizations and referrals. And Performing research on FHIR and DUO data mappings.
Perform full-stack development (Angular, ASP.NET HAPI FHIR & FHIR), architecture (UI/UX, Wireframes Design, Neo], and DevOps (Jenkins, Terraform, both RHOS and MS-Azure/AKS) implementing entire stack utilizing laC (Infrastructure-as-Code).
Utilized AWS CLI to automate backups of ephemeral data-stores to S3 buckets and EBS. Involved in writing Java API for Amazon Lambda to manage some of the AWS services.
Configured AWS CLI and performed necessary actions on the AWS services using shell scripting.
Day to day we follow the water fall methodology, Team Foundation Source Control (TFS)

Thomson Reuters, MI Oct 13- Dec 14
Role: .Net/ UI Developer (Full Stack Developer)
Location: Portage, Michigan

Responsibilities:
Involved in gathering the requirements, analysis, design & development of the project.
Analyzing software requirements and designing and developing software products.
Developed Single Page Application using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, and Bootstrap.
Created Angular Http interceptors to handle errors and for token authentication and authorization.
Worked with various Angular inbuilt directives such as ng-model, ng-bind, ng-controller etc.
Leveraged Angular form validation and states to validate form fields in the application.
Implemented CSS3 features like, multi-column layout, gradients and web fonts, and AngularJS application to follow strict MVC patterns for improved source code maintenance.
Used Angular dependency injection to inject dependencies in the application controllers.
Used AngularJSframework to interact with Restful to retrieve data using JSON and for various validations and DOM (Data Object Module) expressions.
Created AngularJS Controllers, Scope, Model, view, Services, Factory etc., which Isolate scopes perform operations in UI.
Worked with AngularJS controllers, directives, components, factory and service resources, routings and events
Leveraged AngularJS resources for all data access, encapsulating URLs and standardizing data access interfaces. Created custom directives for re-usable components.
Perform installation, configuration and of Oracle databases on Solaris, Linux, HP-UX and VMware.
Determined and implemented best practices for Oracle Setup, Installation, Configuration, Monitoring, Sizing, Capacity Planning, Backup and Recovery strategiesWorked on a POC to deploy the application on AWS cloud and tested the application.
Configured and Tested Backups for Oracle Databases by restoration and recovery.
Worked on CSS Preprocessors like LESS and SASS along with JavaScript task runners like Grunts.
Created and consumed ASP.NET Web services and implemented REST full Web API for service layer, created Action filters and Exception filters to Sort & log the data in REST API.
Working with Team Foundation Source Control (TFS) as the source for version control and project / issue management.
Involved in code review and unit testing using NUNIT and in the creation and deployment of the reports using SSRS.
Created AWS S3 buckets, performed folder management in each bucket, managed cloud trail logs and objects within each bucket.
Configured AWS Identity Access Management (IAM) Group and users for improved login authentication.
Developed various stored procedures for the data retrieval from the database and generating several types of reports using SQL reporting services (SSRS).
Created SSIS package to migrate data from Dev Server source to Demo Server Destination.
Strong trouble shooting and Problem-solving skills in finding defects and resolving the issues. Day to day we follow the water fall methodology

Kairos Technologies, Hyd, India June’12- Sep’13
Role: System Analysts
Location: Hyd, India

Responsibilities:

Responsible for designing, developing and testing the multi-tier architecture involving the presentation layer, Business component layer and database layer.
Designed & developed web user interface using ASP.NET, C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Server Controls and AJAX Control Toolkit, and developed customized Web User Controls.
Experienced in developing and consuming Web Services and n-tier web applications using ASP.NET, C# and ADO.NET.
Used controls like Update Panel, Accordion control, Calendar Control, Collapsible panel in AJAX control toolkit to provide a rich and interactive web experience.
Used Java Script for client-side validations and displaying messages.
Used Cascading Style Sheets(CSS) for a unified look and feel of the application.
Wrote Stored Procedures, Functions and T-SQL Statements to access and manipulate data from SQL Server Database 2008.
Experience in working with Team Foundation Server 2010.
Extensively used ADO.NET and data objects such as Data Adapter, Data Reader, Data Set, Data Table, Data view to access data from SQL Data sources to Business Objects and updating the changes accordingly to SQL data sources.
Implemented web WCF services to passing data to multiple platforms.
Used Data Contract as the standard mechanism in the WCF for serializing .NET object types into XML.
nstalled, configured and maintained oracle databases on Linux and Solaris environment.
Migrated and upgraded Oracle database from 9 to 10g on Veritas Cluster environment.
Used Import/Export and SQL * Loader utilities to move data and objects Configured and Tested Backups for Oracle Databases by restoration and recovery
Day to day we follow the water fall methodology
Contact this candidate