JEEVAN REDDY SURAPU REDDY
774-***-**** • ad23j2@r.postjobfree.com • linkedin.com/in/jeevan-surapu-reddy SUMMARY
Result-oriented developer with around 5 years of experience in java full-stack development, object-oriented programming, and microservices deployed in the cloud. Led the team of 5 to develop complex web applications from analysis to production, ensuring high performance, scalability, and security working in agile teams. EDUCATION
M.S. Information Technology 12/2023
Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 4.00/4.00
B.Tech. Computer Science & Engineering 05/2018
Sree Vidyanikethan Engineering College, Tirupati, India 7.67/10.00 TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages: Java, J2EE, JavaScript, Python, SQL
J2EE Technologies: JSP, Servlets, JDBC, JPA, JAXB
Front-End: HTML5, CSS3, Angular, Bootstrap,
Tools & Databases: Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, Git, Hibernate, Data Bricks, Data Modeling, SonarQube, Kafka, Jenkins Frameworks: Spring, Spring Boot, Junit, Mockito, Easy Mock, Microservices, Restful Webservices Certifications: AWS Certified Developer Associate, Azure Data Fundamentals, Azure Data Engineer Associate PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Document Management System (Volunteer) 02/2023 – 08/2023 Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ
● Worked on splitting a monolith application into different microservices and handled a microservice for document management system.
● Enabled Hystrix with fallback options to isolate the point of access different microservices.
● Integrated Apache Kafka for queuing the messages for downstream applications to consume.
● Created a UI using Angular 8 and with the Spring boot backend and hosted the same on EC2.
● Crafted and implemented a resilient architecture to store documents in AWS S3.
● Configured Amazon Route 53 to manage domain's DNS and directed requests to an Elastic Load Balancer (ELB) in AWS.
● Utilized AWS RDS with Oracle as the database engine for the database layer within the architecture.
● Enabled AWS Cloud watch to monitor the applications and get data with actionable insights for improved mean time resolution.
Deloitte USI, Hyderabad, India: Java Full Stack Developer Client: Kroger Pharmacy 01/2021 – 12/2022
● Modernized legacy applications by integrating new features, developing utility tools, and creating plugins to eliminate redundant code, resulting in a 30% reduction in application crashes and improved performance metrics.
● Led the transformation of a legacy application by architecting and implementing 3 microservices for enhanced scalability and maintainability.
● Implemented Apache Kafka as a robust data-sharing solution between microservices, enhancing communication efficiency and ensuring seamless data flow within the distributed system.
● Used SonarQube Analysis for code quality to detect bugs, code smells and security vulnerabilities.
● Worked extensively with authentication like Okta and OAuth for 3 web applications.
● Integrated Audit logging functionality to store exceptionally large files of logs on Azure Data Lake.
● Added multiple functionalities to the client defined libraries for use across various applications.
● Modeled the data into multiple tables using dimensional and Data Vault modeling using Pyspark in data bricks.
● Led migration of 60 stored procedures to Azure Synapse views and built ADF and Synapse pipelines for reports generation. Wipro Technologies, Hyderabad, India: Project Engineer Client: FedEx 07/2018 – 01/2021
● Developed solutions to build robust applications for hassle-free flow of shipment. Role included requirements assessments, planning, solutions, testing, and deployment in agile teams.
● Implemented updates to middleware applications using Spring Boot framework, enabling efficient data processing from upstream applications to different topics for downstream applications using JMS.
● Monitored the applications in production for health, memory and CPU utilization using App Dynamics and Splunk.
● Evaluated the new features added using Junit and Mockito frameworks and accomplished maximum code coverage.
● Developed a web application to streamline database updates for support engineers, enabling simultaneous editing of multiple records successfully, deployed the application in PCF, reducing data entry time by 70%.
● Developed RESTful Web Services with JAX-RS using Spring Boot and Micro Services Architecture and enabled the Swagger UI for REST endpoints for smooth and enhanced testing. WORK EXPERIENCE
Exploratory Data Analysis and modelling on Crop Yield Prediction 10/2023 – 11/2023
● Gathering, cleaning, processed the data from different files and put it together.
● Checked correlation matrix for how columns are correlated, applied linear regression and decision tree classifier over the data and compared the results of two models.
Website hosting using AWS 07/2023 – 08/2023
● Implemented Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) with separate public and private subnets across distinct availability zones with secured bastion host in public subnet for secure access using SSH.
● Deployed MySQL RDS instance in the private subnet and created IAM user for secured entry into database.
Contact this candidate