MOHAMMED RAHEEM
Highly Skilled Full Stack Developer HTML/CSS/JS/React/Angular/TypeScript/ .Net/ EF Core/ SQL Experienced in Responsive Design Proficient in Git & Figma Award-Winning Hackathon Participant Available for New Opportunities
Sugar Land, Houston, United States
+1-239-***-**** ad25ai@r.postjobfree.com
WEBSITE AND SOCIAL LINKS
Linkedin, Github, Portfolio, Landing Page Project
PROFILE
With over 5 years of experience as a Full Stack Developer, I offer an experienced perspective to the sector. Currently serving as a Mid-Senior Full Stack Developer at Focused Software, Ispecialize in crafting efficient websites using the latest Angular Framework, specifcally Angular 16 for the front end, and C# .NET EF Core with the MediatR Pattern for the back end. With these robust skills, I excel in developing best-in-practice web applications. My experience is in end-to-end web development, which includes both the front and back ends. This signifcant expertise enables me to provide high-quality solutions that meet and exceed expectations.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
HTML5
CSS3
JavaScript
jQuery
Angular 16
TypeScript 4.x
Ngrx
React.js
Rxjs
Node.js
C#
.Net EF Core 7
SQL [Create tables, and manage DBs]
MongoDB
Git
Figma
WORK EXPERIENCE
Mid-Senior Full Stack Developer, Focused Software May 2023 — Present Sugar Land, Texas
• Led a Full Stack team to create dynamic healthcare SaaS web pages, resulting in a 23% increase in user engagement.
• Crafted responsive interfaces, emphasizing clean code, performance optimization, and timely solutions.
• Emphasized clean code, performance optimization, and timely, budget-friendly high-quality solutions.
• Contributed to robust API development in .NET Core using MediatR, conducting code reviews, and fostering a culture of improvement within the team. Associate Developer, Premiere Digital Services Dec 2021 — Dec 2022 Hyderabad, India
• Developed and maintained responsive web applications (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Angular, TypeScript).
• Collaborated with the back-end team for seamless integration.
• Implemented responsive design for cross-device compatibility.
• Utilized Figma for layout design and development.
• Participated in code reviews to enhance codebase quality. Jr. Front-End Developer, Round Square Mar 2017 — Nov 2021 Hyderabad, India
• Assisted in developing responsive web pages using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
• Collaborated with the team to troubleshoot code issues and enhance web interfaces.
• Gained experience with version control systems like Git and actively participated in code reviews to improve quality.
EDUCATION
Trine University Jan 2023 — Mar 2024
Master's in Information Sciences Detroit, Michigan Osmania University Jun 2016 — Dec 2021
Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology Hyderabad, India ACHIEVEMENTS
SHRM Hackathon: Driving Workplace Change May 2019
Hyderabad, India
• Recipient of a national-level award at the SHRM hackathon for designing and implementing an innovative hiring process automation solution. Developed a web application using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Angular,
.NET, and SQL, showcasing proficiency in front-end and back-end technologies to streamline recruitment processes.
Contact this candidate