SUMMARY
SKILLS
EDUCATION PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
+1-424-***-****
ad26s0@r.postjobfree.com
Lemoli Ave Hawthorne, CA
MASOOD AHMED
Senior Full Stack Developer
Diligent Senior Full Stack Developer with over 8+ years of expertise in Python, AI/ML, React, Vue, Next.Js, Typescript, and Node.Js. Proven track record in commercial application and software development. Seeking an opportunity to contribute my skills and innovation to a dynamic company with a global clientele. I'm a problem- solver who thrives on overcoming challenges, having resolved a major process bottleneck, resulting in a remarkable 35% boost in coding efficiency. Proficient across all phases of the development cycle and well- versed in cutting-edge technologies. Ready to take your business solutions to the next levels. Master’s Degree in Computer Science 2013 – 2015
Proficient in Python, AI/ML, React, Node.js,
Next.js, Vue.js, Redux, Typescript
JavaScript, databases like Postgres and
MySQL, cloud Platforms such as AWS and
Heroku
Containerization with Docker, search
engines like ElasticSearch and Solr, caching
with Redis
Message queues like Sidekiq and RabbitMQ,
and container orchestration using
Kubernetes
JSP, JSON, XML, Figma, Sketch, Photoshop
MySQL, Postgres, MongoDB
(noSQL), MS SQL
AWS, Digital Ocean, Vultr, Linux
Nginx, Puma, Apache
In pursuit of scalability and availability for IoT microservices, I specialized in crafting high-performance backend APIs, delivering data in JSON format to our web dashboard. My responsibilities extended to maintaining code quality and test coverage.
The most critical challenge involved handling extensive backend data while ensuring real-time dashboard reporting efficiency. To address this, I employed microservices architecture, optimizing scalability, and implemented Elasticsearch for accelerated data retrieval.
As a Python Software Engineer, I oversaw the tracking of competitors' sales data and orchestrated the seamless integration of a Python backend with Retool and PowerBL dashboards. I achieved this by creating overnight ETL scripts for data processing and analytics, empowering business stakeholders with real-time insights.
My pivotal challenge was optimizing the backend to efficiently manage extensive data while ensuring rapid dashboard reporting. To tackle this, I architected a microservices solution for data distribution and leveraged Elasticsearch for lightning- fast data retrieval.
My role encompassed design, architecture, and translating feature requests into technical specifications. I also ensured the platform's availability and scalability through effective DevOps practices.
I led the development of core features for a SaaS platform, including quizzes, lecture streaming, course enrollment, and Salesforce integration.
LUMS
Software Engineer
Tenna 2015 - 2018
Senior Software Engineer
GeniusU 2018 - 2021
Senior Full Stack Engineer
Modded Euros 2021 - Present
PROJECTS
1- https://www.moddedeuros.com/
Modded Euros is a high tech eCommerce company
that works in aftermarket Auto Spare Parts for Audi, BMW and Volkswagen cars.
2- https://demyst.com/
Demyst started in 2010 which is a platform that
helps organizations to access and make sense of
their data for better decision-making. They
provide data integration and analytic solutions.
3- https://www.geniusu.com/
GeniusU is an entrepreneur education system.
They offers various courses, resources, events and summits aimed for enterpreneurs and individuals
looking to start or grow their businesses.
Contact this candidate