Contact
605-***-**** (Mobile)
ad2bzx@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/andrekaan
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Spring Boot
Nexus
Sonarqube
Languages
Dutch
English
Sign Languages (Full Professional)
Certifications
Sun Certified Programmer
André Kaan
Software Developer Advisor at FedEx Services
Bushnell, Florida, United States
Summary
OBJECTIVE:
To utilize my expertise as a Web/Software Developer in an innovative and challenging environment.
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS:
· Top-notch Deveolper, Engineer and Architect with over 25 years of experience.
· Extensive practical hands-on experience in developing, designing, maintaining and refactoring object oriented applications and distributed systems.
· Productive and creative both as a software developer and architect with a unique combination of expertise in B2B logistics and finance.
· Effective working alone or as a cooperative team member.
· Embracing new technology and developments in creating quality products for customers.
· Proficient at defining the architecture for stand-alone, distributed, two tier, three tier or multi tier applications.
Specialties: Transportation (Trucking/Maritime), Banking, Education. Experience
FedEx Services
14 years 5 months
Enterprise Solutions Specialist - Document Management FedEx April 2021 - Present (2 years 9 months)
Florida, United States
Page 1 of 8
Lead in Enterprise Document Management group to modernize current legacy stacks on a Spring Boot / Micro Services architecture on Google Cloud Platform.
Keywords: Spring Boot, Micro Services, Spring Framework, OKTA, S3, DataStax DSE, Oracle, MaaS, Google Cloud Platform (Storage) and capacity planning.
Skills: Spring Boot · DevSecOps · Technical Project Leadership · Leading Development Teams · Data Centers · Operations Management · Java · Architecture
Senior Technical Advisor
December 2019 - May 2022 (2 years 6 months)
Colorado Springs, Colorado Area
Enterprise Dev Sec Ops lead for large scale micro service infrastructure on enterprise platform. Lead a team of 4 contractors. Complex deployments, maintenance of Corporate tools, support Global Development groups. Gitlab management on prem tools for version control. Jenkins management with several masters and a pool of various types of build nodes.Nexus Repository Management. Cloudbees CD workflow implementation of delivery pipelines. Corporate pipeline plugins and steps management and development. Received multiple awards for development support in CD CD. Skills: Nexus · Sonarqube · DevSecOps · Gradle · Technical Project Leadership · Python (Programming Language) · Leading Development Teams
· Technical Consultation · Jenkins · Docker Products · Analytical Skills · Data Centers · Operations Management · Maven
Advisory Software Engineer
July 2018 - December 2019 (1 year 6 months)
Colorado Springs, Colorado Area
Architect / Advisor on DevSecOps processes with focus on Micro Services design, build, deploy and release management. CICD pipeline life cycle management from development to production. Skills: DevSecOps · Gradle · Technical Project Leadership · Python (Programming Language) · Leading Development Teams · Java · Maven · Software Design Skills: DevSecOps · Gradle · Technical Project Leadership · Python
(Programming Language) · Leading Development Teams · Java · Maven · Software Design
Page 2 of 8
Sr Technical Support Advisor / Integration Engineer August 2009 - December 2019 (10 years 5 months)
Systems integration of Enterprise Applications and Web Services. Covering planning and implementation of corporate application network infrastructure, disaster recovery, failover, application design review, build integration, SCM production support and System Team process advisor. Senior Java Consultant and technical subject matter expert for Application Development on large scale Agile Train(s). TIBCO BW/BE/SilverFabric, WebLogic and WebSphere platform services for over 500 projects. Project, build and deploy integration into the SCM process. Performing application review and reporting. Supporting J2EE, .NET, C++ applications.
Keywords: JDK1.2-1.9, LAMP,JSF/JSP, Icefaces 3.x, Angularjs1/2, ExtJS, JMS (Tibco), Spring, Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, Hibernate, JPA, TopLink, REST, WebLogic 8.1-12.2, WebSphere 6.x-7.x, Tomcat, Oracle 8-11, Eclipse 3.x/4.x, Maven 2.x-3.x, Ant, Visual Studio 2005/8, SVN, git, CVS, StarTeam, Linux RH, Solaris, HP-UX, AIX, IBM-I, Cisco CCS, Apache WebServer, gcc, Gnome, C++, C#, Perl, Perl Dancer, python, mysql, sqlite, TIBCO Business Works, TIBCO Business Events and TIBCO SIlver Fabric PAAS, IBM uDeploy, AppDynamics, GITLab/Hub, Pivotal Cloud Foundry PAAS. Free IT Vermont
Independent IT Consultant
January 2014 - January 2018 (4 years 1 month)
Burlington, Vermont Area
Independent Consultant and Developer for any IT problem. Ranging from infrastructure, application architecture, native development and web development.
Completed Linux Transparent Screensaver for Cornell University under GPL2: https://bitbucket.org/akaan/tlock
FedEx Ground Package Inc
Java Systems Designer
March 2002 - August 2009 (7 years 6 months)
Systems engineering and re-engineering on Java Enterprise platforms. WebLogic and WebSphere administration and automation for over 200 projects. Project, build and deploy integration into the SCM process. Performing application review and reporting. Supporting J2EE, .NET applications.
Page 3 of 8
Keywords: JDK1.2-1.6, JSF/JSP, Swing, JMS (Tibco), Spring IOC, Hibernate, TopLink, WebLogic 7.0-10.3, WebSphere 6.x, Tomcat, Oracle 8i-10g (PLSQL/ SQLPLUS), Sybase, Eclipse 3.x, Maven 2.x, Ant, Visual Studio 2005/8, SVN, CVS, PVCS, StarTeam, Linux RH, Solaris, HP-UX, AIX, IBM-I, Cisco CCS, Apache WebServer.
Blattner Brunner
Independent Developer
2007 - 2008 (1 year)
Interactive Website Development for DeVry based on J2EE framework, Oracle 10g Database, Oracle OC4j, Spring Framework and Eclipse. Application and database design and implementation of middle tier and back end. FreeIt
Independant Java Consultant
March 2001 - February 2002 (1 year)
Backoffice Financial Transaction Process
ABN AMRO
Senior Developer
2001 - 2002 (1 year)
Refactoring of an existing application that handles high volume and high value international direct debit (IDD) batches represented by EDI transactions. Planning and developing implementation of a new messaging communication channel to different platforms (AS400/AIX/HP-UX/ WindowsNT/IMS) and to the offices of European countries based on IBM MQ Series and JNI. Improving the performance of the XML part of the application OO redesign using UML
(TogetherSoft) and introducing Java PL/SQL routines. Improving the stability of communications to the billing systems by solving multi-threading issues. Improving the quality of the software by means of designing automated Unit tests (JUnit) and handle production problems for major customers for the bank.
Managing the pilot for further performance enhancements based on redesign of the database (Oracle Designer) and introduction of Java PL/SQL routines in the Java framework. Along with these central activities, responsible for implementing the validation rules for specific countries in the legacy portal in C. The product and platforms are: HP-UX 11.x, Windows NT, Visual Age for Java 3.02/3.5.3 Enterprise Edition, Oracle Designer 6.0, TOAD, Oracle DB Page 4 of 8
8.1.7, Oracle PL/SQL, JDK 1.2.2/1.3.0, IBM MQ-Series, JNI, JUnit, OptimizeIT, TogetherJ, VAJ WebSphere Test Environment (J2EE), JRun 2.0, JBuilder 4.0. Port of Rotterdam
Systems Developer
March 2000 - March 2001 (1 year 1 month)
Java Developer, Researcher Internet and EDI Research and Development Department Municipal Port Authority of Rotterdam, Rotterdam, The Netherlands
Developed a B2B internet application that creates and processes EDI messages for notification of ship movements, dangerous goods notifications and port declarations to legacy systems. The application consists a 100% Java client (JavaWebStart), RMI application server as middleware (Sun Solaris) and database server (Oracle). Completed the project as a Java architect and technical designer aimed to design this mission critical application. The project skills required were: OO Modelling in UML (TogetherSoft), database design (Oracle), directory schema design (LDAP), directory replication (iPlanet), database replication (Oracle), multi–tiered software architecture, solving concurrency issues, creating fail-over mechanisms, defining object persistence layer (TOPLink) and extensive JFC Swing UI programming. As a technical member involved with setting up a network architecture together with network administration handling issues as firewall, procmail, fail-over and security.
The project was implemented with Visual Age for Java 3.0 Enterprise Edition in the JDK 1.2.2 version, RMI, JNDI, JFC Swing 1.1.1, JDK1.2.2, JDK1.3, Sun Java-Plugin 1.3, Java WebStart 1.0, Oracle 8.1.7, iPlanet Enterprise Server 4.0, iPlanet Directory Server 4.1, Sun Solaris 8.x, SCO Unix, TOPLink object persistence layer, TogetherJ and OptimizeIT.
Quality Pro
Java Developer, Researcher and Staff member Internet and EDI Research and Development Department
1997 - 2001 (4 years)
Java Developer, Researcher and Staff member
Internet and EDI Research and Development Department Municipal Port Authority of Rotterdam, Rotterdam, The Netherlands
Page 5 of 8
Developed and deployed the meteorology and hydrology Java application for Traffic Control and third party end users. As the team developer, worked closely with end-users using DSDM for analysis, design, rapid prototyping, testing and implementation of the product. Besides delivering the product our secondary goal was to establish guidelines for embedding Java applications in the mainstream
software development tracks of the Rotterdam Port Authority. The software design includes parallel processing, visual composition, bean design, design complex SQL statements and model view controller architecture.
Developed and deployed web-application for the public and port officials to show arrivals and departures of sea ships in the Rotterdam harbour. Developed, designed and programmed the Server side-JavaScript program based on command pattern with multi lingual capabilities. The process of designing is now serving as standard future applications written in SSJS or any other basic web scripting language.
Developed, designed and implemented the EDI information intranet application which is used by traffic control to verify received EDI messages sent by customers
in a real-time environment. The application consists of three parts. The first part is
the front-end imports extracted meta information of electronic ship notifications from the EDI server into Oracle by means of SQLLoader. The second part consists of the database triggers and PL/SQL routines that generate statistics. And the last part
is the user interface which displays the generated statistic. Developed a sea ship tracking applet prototype for tracking ship movements in the Rotterdam harbor. This Java 1.1 application draws the ship on a map based on real-time radar information and can be traced in the AWT GUI. Quality PRO BV
1 year 11 months
Web Developer For Corporate Library Municipal Port Authority of Rotterdam
September 1997 - June 1998 (10 months)
Page 6 of 8
The technical lead of the POrt Information NeT (POINT) as a web portal for document retrieval in the library of the Municipal Port Authority Rotterdam Port Authority. Created and implemented the document search and a document retrieval application by means of the Verity search engine. Installation and maintenance of web servers on the HP-UX systems. Rapid web application development in cooperation with the user group.
Involved in the port 'old' Verity client server document retrieval application into a Java application.
The platforms and products used were HP-UX 9.x, HP-UX 10.x, Netscape Enterprise Server 3.5.1, Verity Information Server, Server Side JavaScript, JSDK, JDK 1.1.
Internet Engineer
May 1997 - October 1997 (6 months)
Performed an internal task of setting up the first website and test environment for web services under the domain www.qualitypro.nl. The platforms and products used were Linux / Windows NT and C programming for CGI on Apache webserver.
Technical project leader of the next generation of web services for qualitypro.nl. Involved a total solution of mail- and internet- and extranet-web services.
Challenges were installing Netscape Enterprise Server (3.5.1) and hosting the internet website, setting up Netscape Mail Server (3.5) in connection with directory driven user administration in Netscape Directory Server (3.1). Installing ColdFusion Application Server 4.5 and write the user administration application in ColdFusion for managing Extranet users. Setting up firewall solution for the corporate office of Quality Pro BV. Internet Consultant and Integrator - Busak+Shamban in Hoofddorp, The Netherlands
October 1996 - May 1997 (8 months)
Connected the main office of Busak+Shamban to the internet, provide basic Internet email service and provide a strategy for connection all their European offices to the Internet. This included upgrading the infrastructure, providing ISP, leased lines and upgrading the Novell network to Novel IntraNetware. To provide a strategy I performed a survey for the multinational amongst most Page 7 of 8
European service providers and presented these outcomes. The platforms and products used where Novel IntraNetware and Windows95 Unix C-Programmer - Merck, Sharp & Dohme, Haarlem, The Netherlands
August 1996 - September 1996 (2 months)
As a Unix C-programmer I fulfilled the task of creating a simple tool for the helpdesk to perform simple system administration duties (password change, printer spooling, adding users, etc). The program was written in combination C and shell scripting on the HP-UX platform.
Education
Canadian Institute of English
Certificate, Teaching English · (2008 - 2008)
Sun Microsystems BV
Sun Certified Java Programmer, Sun Certified Java
Programmer · (1998 - 1998)
CEBIT
Bachelor of Science (BSc), Object Oriented Thinking · (1997 - 1997) HZ University of Applied Sciences
Post Grad, Commercial Engineer · (1993 - 1994)
HZ University of Applied Sciences
Bachelors, Electronical · (1990 - 1993)
Page 8 of 8
Contact this candidate