Career Objective
** ***** ** ** ********** and extensively worked through all phases of Software development life cycle from Requirements capturing to implementation and gained strong experience in important areas like Web based application on J2EE, GUI interface, Struts, Spring, JSF, Hibernate, Oracle, Providing Technical Assessments, Designing, Implementing and Testing.
Professional Summary
Extensive experience in Java and J2EE, J2ME technologies with solid conceptual vision of Object-Oriented Programming (OOPS).
Experience of developing applications in Financial, Telecom, B2C, B2B, Healthcare, Insurance, Banking domains.
Expertise in Java/J2EE, Web services (SOAP/Restful), Struts, JSF, Spring MVC, Spring Core, Spring AOP, Spring Security, Spring Boot, JMX, JMS, JPA, Hibernate, Toplink10g, iBatis, AJAX, JSP JSTL, EJB, Servlets, JDBC and Mongo DB.
Expertise in developing web-based GUIs using Applets, Servlets, JSP, Tapestry, HTML, JavaScript, JSON, CSS and Java Swings.
Proficient in working with wide variety of applications servers such as IBM Web sphere, Tomcat, JBoss, Tomcat and Web logic.
Developed XML applications using DOM, SAX, XML, and XSD.
Used Message Driven Beans that allows J2EE applications to process messages asynchronously.
Experienced in GUI/IDE Tool using Eclipse, Eclipse RCP, WSAD 5.1, RAD/RSA, IntelliJ and Net Beans.
Strong Knowledge in JAAS, JMS, MQ Series, LDAP server, JTS JNDI.
Worked with Enterprise Service Bus software architectures such as Fuse ESB, Camel, and Web Sphere Message Broker and MQ Messaging systems to integrate the applications at enterprise level.
Working knowledge of SQL, Oracle Toad, DB2 and PostgreSQL
Implemented EJB design patterns like Session Facade and Business Delegate.
Implemented Singleton, Abstract Factory and Concrete Factory patterns.
Education
Master of Computer Applications from Vel Sri Ranga Sanku College, Madras University, Tamilnadu, India.
B.Sc Computer Science from Kakatiya University. Andhra Pradesh, India.

Certification
Public Trust Clearances – completed.
SCJP- Sun Certified Java Programmer for Java 2 Platform 1.4.
AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate – completed.
Skill Set
Java Technologies and Automation Tools
J2EE, J2ME, Servlets, JSP, Struts, JMX, Swings, Tag Libraries, JDBC, CSS, Web Services, Spring, JSF, Selenium Web driver, Cucumber, Appium, Junit.
Software Engineering Methodologies
Agile (SCRUM), RUP & Traditional SDLC.
Object Persistence, ORM Technologies
Hibernate.
Cloud Stack
Amazon Web Services (Certified Professional Solution Architect) EC2, S3, Lambda, ELB, VPC, SG, IAM, API gateway, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, etc.,
Internet Technologies
HTML, HTML5, CSS3, DHTML, Java Script, JSON, PHP, jQuery, Site Analytics (Google Analytics) and Bootstrap.
Web Servers
Apache Web Server, Tomcat.
Enterprise Servers
BEA's WEB Logic, Web Sphere and JBoss.
Databases
Oracle, MS SQL Server, MS-Access, MySQL, Sybase, DB2, Toad, Mongo DB and Cassandra DB.
IDE
Eclipse, Net Beans, IntelliJ
Operating Systems
Windows, Linux, Python, Unix shell scripting (bash and korn) AIX, SOLARIS.
Concepts
Object Oriented Software Analysis and Design and UML
Middle ware
JMS, MQ Series, Microsoft Transaction Server (MTS), Microsoft Message Queue Server (MMQS).
Version Control Systems
CVS, Clear Case, Subversion, Serena Change Man DS, Serena PVCS, IBM Rational Clear Quest.

Projects Handling

Client: BNYM, Pittsburgh, PA. 03/2020 to till date.
Full Stack Java Developer.

Project description:
BNYM is the world’s largest custodian bank, global investments company and securities service company.
BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments, and safeguards nearly one-fifth of the world's financial assets.
BNY Mellon remains one of the safest, most trusted and admired companies.

Roles & Responsibilities:
•Involved in understanding system requirements, application design and functional specifications and verify test strategies against the requirements.
•Implemented the Project in AGILE based development Environment and participated in Daily standups, Backlog refinement, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review meeting and Retrospective meetings.
•Perform peer review with team member's and implement review suggestions.
•Created spring boot application by using maven.
•Integrated Angular with Spring Boot to render rich user interface.
•Developed REST architecture-based web services to facilitate communication between client and servers, called REST web services through Angular services to get JSON Object and modified the response object to display in UI.
•Deploy spring boot application on AWS ECS cluster, implement IAM, write services for storage objects, storage object versioning.
•Used Spring Boot, Gradle, AWS to create the microservices, and utilized the new CI/CD pipeline for build and deploy to cloud.
•Write JUNIT test cases for the new code using Mockito. Increase code coverage to meet 80% and deliver quality code by analysing sonar reports.
•Worked in an agile environment with 2 weeks sprints and utilized the JIRA board for project tracking and sprint planning.
•Meet with stakeholders and product managers, Business Analysts for requirements gathering and product demos, after every sprint completion.
•Participated in design discussions with fellow developers and Architects for planning the new java microservices.
•Used Amazon cloud watch to monitor AWS services and to monitor Amazon cloud watch logs to monitor application, also worked with security policies and group changes in AWS.
•Implemented Angular JS Controllers to maintain each view data.
•Implemented Angular Service calls using Angular Factory.
•Migrate Angular Js application to Angular 14 version.
•Implemented components, services calling using Angular.
•Create and manage different AWS components as per the application requirements, create AWS Lambdas and configure them to be triggered with the java applications upon updates to the feed data.
•Developed REST architecture-based web services to facilitate communication between client and servers, called REST web services through Angular services to get JSON Object and modified the response object to display in UI.
•Created karma test cases for RIC application.

Environment: JDK 1.8, Java, Spring boot, Angular Js, Aws, Angular 14, node.js, Grunt, Jenkins, IntelliJ, Unix, Eclipse, Web Services (Restful, Soap), Junit, Karma test cases, Cucumber, Oracle SQL and Cassandra DB.

Client: JPMC, Columbus, OH. 05/2017 to 03/2020.
Sr Java Developer.

Project description:
JPMorgan Chase & Co is a leading Global Financial Services firm and one of the largest banks in United States.
JPMorgan Chase offers mortgages, auto loan, business banking, multi type customer accounts, credits. Application support maintenance of customer data, record history, create account, restrict fraud account.
The Quick pay payments and The One Chase services.
The One Chase Services (OCS) program aligns policies, procedures and terminology for specific servicing functions across consumer lines of business (Card, Retail, Auto and Mortgage service centers). The alignment enables Servicing Specialists to see all aspects of a customer’s relationship with Chase in one place using a common system (OCS- General Inquiry, Card Replacement, Travel Notification).
Roles & Responsibilities:
• Involved in understanding system requirements, application design and functional specifications and verify test strategies against the requirements.
• Implemented the Project in AGILE based development Environment and participated in Daily standups, Backlog refinement, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review meeting and Retrospective meetings.
• Perform peer review with team member's and implement review suggestions.
• Designed test cases strategies and written test cases using cucumber/Java Junit for all the functional specifications for various projects/modules like quick pay payment and E-Gift modules for chase.com.
• Developed test cases for services, transaction managements and integrations like connect to backend services, testing to batch jobs, rest services and soap services.
• Implemented Business Logic using Java, spring, spring boot and DB.
• I am flexible to take up any task, earlier I have worked in various Java, J2EE Projects and I am fast learner.
• Used Spring framework for implementing Dependency Injection, AOP, Spring ORM.
• Consumed the Web Services to retrieve data from different modules using spring with RESTful web service.
• ORM tool Hibernate to represent entities and fetching strategies for optimization.
• Configured Hibernate’ s mapping files and configuration files to achieve persistence with RDBMS. Integrated the application with Spring Quartz Scheduler framework for triggering Offline Processing jobs.
• Developed Web services for sending and receiving data from different services and modules using RESTful web service with JAX-RS using jersey.
• Responsible for implementing the transaction management in the application by applying Spring AOP methodology.
• Involved in building Jenkins CI/CD pipelines for executing test cases and sending E-Mail notifications.

Environment: JDK 1.8, Java, UDF F/W, CQO F/W, Spring Boot application, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Java, IOS, node.js, GIT, Maven, Jenkins, IntelliJ, Unix, Web Services (Restful), Junit, SQL and Cassandra DB.

GSA, Herndon, VA. 04/2015 to 05/2017.
Full Stack Java Developer.

Project description:

The Business Services Platform (BSP) provides various services/capabilities to GSA tenants with services that fulfill their business needs.

Roles & Responsibilities:

Understanding and analyzing the project requirements.
Involved in developing the project as per Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Angular JS, Selenium Web Driver and Mongo DB.
Created spring boot application by using maven.
Integrated Angular JS with Spring Boot to render rich user interface.
Used Angular JS services, controllers and directives for front end UI and consumed REST web service API.
Developed REST architecture-based web services to facilitate communication between client and servers, called REST web services through AngularJS services to get JSON Object and modified the response object to display in UI.
Implemented Angular JS Controllers to maintain each view data. Implemented Angular Service calls using Angular Factory.
Used YAML to maintain properties in the application to change dynamically based on the environment we use.
Implemented Directives like ng-Click, ng-Bind, ng-Class by using AngularJS to achieve UI actions.
Responsible for running build Jobs using Jenkins.
Worked on GIT for controlling branches.
Involved in running Selenium automation scripts and updating the scripts according to enhanced requirements using selenium WebDriver and Java.
Experience in creating and updating Java test scripts using Selenium IDE and Selenium Web-driver.
Implemented automation using Selenium Web Driver, Cucumber, and JAVA.
Build feature files for Cucumber steps using ATDD framework in Selenium.
Write the step definitions for feature files in java in ATDD framework.
Created test scripts in Selenium and enhanced those scripts using Java API and Junit.
Implemented continuous deployment system with Jenkins, AWS: Code Deploy and Ops Works for deployment of Java Applications.
Implemented Business Logic using Java, spring, spring boot and Mongo DB.
Strong Experience in Mongo Query, writing complex mongo query using Aggregation Framework.
Created Custom Directives in Angular.JS, making use of Modules and Filters objects according to the application requirement.
Used Mongo Java driver to convert java to Mongo query in the application.
Install configure mongo db and access mongo db objects using JavaScript shell.
Developed views using Bootstrap components, Angular-UI and involved in configuring routing for various modules using angular UI router.
Developed business service layer and data access layer using spring and Mongo-DB (Spring Mongo-Template).
Environment: Java, J2EE, Spring Boot, Spring MVC, CSS, Log4j, Angular JS, Node.JS, Bower, GIT, Maven, Jenkins, Gulp, Eclipse, Unix, Amazon Web Services Cloud Services, Microservices, Red Hat Fuse ESB, Web Services (Restful), HTML5, CSS3, JQuery3, Junit, Selenium Web Driver, Cucumber, GIT, and Mongo DB.

GSA, Herndon, VA.
Full Stack Java Developer.

Project description:

Advantage application is GSA’s shopping cart portal that enables the federal users shop items under
Federal rules and regulations. Advantage portal allows vendors to update their items and federal users
to shop around office use items. Advantage portal has front end integrated with several EJB and web services.
Roles & Responsibilities:

Understanding and analyzing the project requirements.
Create class diagrams based on logical data model architecture.
Responsible for developing Use case diagrams, Class diagrams, Sequence diagrams and process flow diagrams for the modules using UML.
Involved in front-end development utilizing Java Script frameworks such as Angular.JS and jQuery as well as front-end technologies HTML5, CSS3, Ajax, JSP.
Wrote Angular JS directives, Controllers, filters and routers.
Integrated Angular JS with Spring MVC to render rich user interface.
Used Angular JS to call rest CRUD API’s and created a view and then perform CRUD operations on the basis of button clicks.
Write, and configure data sources, write DAO to access Database.
Designed and updated REST API calls to create, read, update and delete objects for (customers, users, teams, etc.) using JSON messages.
Implemented automation using Selenium Web Driver, Cucumber, and JAVA.
Build feature files for Cucumber steps using ATDD framework in Selenium.
Write the step definitions for feature files in java in ATDD framework.
Implemented spring-based authentication for user login authentication.
Wrote EJB based services and exposed them to front end.
Implemented object/relational persistence (Hibernate) for the domain model.
Used spring framework for configuring the application, and spring MVC to create controllers, views.
Deploying advantage applications into Cloud platforms.
Migrated GSA Advantage application from Java 1.7 to Java 1.8.
Designed secure cloud solutions for major organizations such as GSA.
Migrated GSA Advantage application to spring 4.x from spring 3.x using the spring annotations for REST Components, Services, JSON Transformers and DAOs.
Managed migration of GSA Advantage application from Jboss 5.x to Jboss 6.x servers.
Wrote stored procedures and pl/sql procedures for frequent database calls.
Used Ant, Jenkins as build tools for Continuous Integration tools.
Implemented the Service, Controller and Security layers of the Spring IOC and Spring Security.
Build Spring restful web services using rest template.
Used JAX-RS to consume rest web services and parse the JSON data obtained after calling the service.

Environment: Java, J2EE, Spring 3.x, Spring 4.x, Spring MVC, Spring AOP, Spring IOC, CSS, Log4j, Angular JS, Subversion, JBoss, Maven, Jenkins, Eclipse, Unix, Hibernate Spatial 1.x,Amazon Web Services Cloud Services, Web Services (SOAP/Restful), HTML5, CSS3, Toad, JQuery3, Junit, Hibernate3.x/4.x/5.x, Shell Scripting, Selenium Web Driver, Cucumber, MYSQL and Oracle 11.2.0..

FedEx Services, Pittsburgh, PA. 1/2014 to 4/2015.
Java Developer.

Project description:

FedEx is a world largest shipping company. I have worked with FedEx Intranet applications. FedEx Intranet application name is called VMS. The Vehicle Management System (VMS) is a repository, which stores all the information/data about the different vehicles used by the TMS system for the transportation purpose. Vehicle Management System (VMS) is used to maintain the vehicle information for Line haul operations in FedEx Ground. VMS is used for adding, deleting the vehicles and renewal of the vehicle contract. VMS tracks its entire vehicle’s maintenance status via the MMR (Monthly Maintenance Record) report.
Vehicles are the integral part of the VMS application. VMS keeps track on the vehicle’s maintenance & inspection. In VMS there are four types of vehicles. Those are Tractors, Trailers, Dollies and Vans.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Understanding and analyzing the project requirements.
Involved in developing the project as per MVC Standards.
Development for Application using Java and Python.
Implemented MVC using JSF2.X, & worked with ICE Faces, Facelets.
Implemented Validators, Convertors.
Worked with ICE Faces UI components, Data Grids and Panel Grids.
Implemented client-side data validations using JavaScript and Server-side data validations using JSF validators.
Implemented views using XHTML and implemented Managed Beans.
Configured navigation rules navigation cases.
Configured spring to manage Actions as beans and set their dependencies in a spring context file and integrated middle tier with JSF web layer.
Implemented new pages for Vehicle Purchasing, Vehicle Maintenance, Vehicle Registration, Vehicle Comments, Field Function, Vehicle Workflow Request and Base Plate Election screens.
Create large collections, documents, structure document-oriented data, Write queries and aggregations.
Generated property list for every application dynamically using python.
Implement an interface for processing the document generation requests and connect to the third-party vendors and systems using SOAP and REST web services.
Involved in implementation of MVC pattern using JSF and Spring Controller.
Implemented the Service, Controller and Security layers of the Spring IOC and Spring Security.
Designed and updated REST API calls to create, read, update and delete objects for (customers, users, teams, etc.) using JSON messages, implemented Spring Boot caching for objects.
Developed Unit test cases using JUnit.

Environment: Java, J2EE, JSF 2.x, Python 2.7, Spring 2.0, Spring Boot, Spring AOP, Spring IOC, CSS, Log4j, Subversion, WebLogic Application Server10.3.5, Maven, Eclipse, Web services (SOAP/Restful), Shell Script, Toad, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, Junit, MongoDB and PostgreSQL 9.3.1.

Eli Lilly, Indianapolis, IN. 04/2013 to 1/2014.
Sr.Java Developer.
Project description:

Eli Lilly Company is a pharmaceutical company that does extensive research on finding new drugs.
I was responsible for enhancing the existing Adaptive Program Simulation Tool that allows biostatisticians to create their own clinical trial designs in Visio and run statistical simulations against the clinical trials data.
The Adaptive Program Simulator Tool shall enable the user to add/insert Adaptive Program objects (shapes) into the GUI workspace.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Understanding and analyzing the project requirements.
Involved in developing the project as per Spring MVC Standards.
Responsible for adding new functionality by developing new pages and controller classes in the existing spring MVC application.
Designed and developed the front-end using Html, CSS, Jsp, JavaScript, JQuery and Angular JS and Bootstrap.
Used maven 3.x for the build and deployment of the application.
Used Sub version for the versioning of the code.
Developed Unit test cases using Spring MVC Testing framework.
Used spring security ldap authentication.
Implemented the persistence layer with Hibernate using Hibernate.
Reviewed the Adaptive Program reports and improved page optimization to decrease the page load time.
Extensively used TWITTER Bootstrap for creating responsive web design for varying screen sizes and devices.
Implemented changes and updates to website using HTML, CSS, PHP, and Oracle.
Created designs by establishing uniform feel for web and print, using typography,
Graphics, color, layout, etc.
Used JAXB for marshalling and un-marshalling.
Processed the XML based data using SAX Parser.
Used SAX parser to validate the schema before marshalling or un-marshalling the data.

Environment: Java, J2EE, Spring 3.x, XML Jsp’s, Servlets, CSS, Log4j, Subversion, Tomcat Server, Maven, Eclipse, Web services (Restful), Html, jQuery, Java Script, PHP, JUnit 4.11, Hibernate, Spring Test 3.2.3 and Oracle 11.2.0

FedEx Services, Collierville, TN. 08/2012 to 04/2013.
Sr.Java Developer.

Project description:
FedEx is a world largest shipping company. I have worked with FedEx Intranet applications. FedEx Intranet application name is called UCSSP. The Unified Communications and Collaborations Portal is an application to manage for the various web services associated with communication tools. The Unified communications and collaborations (UC&C) portal is a one stop place for enabling, disabling and performing several other tasks employees need to perform related with the communication tools used within the Enterprise. These communications tools include tools like Email, Lync, SharePoint, Blackberry, BYOD, Video etc.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Understanding and analyzing the project requirements.
Involved in developing the project as per MVC Standards.
Implemented MVC using JSF2.X, & worked with ICE Faces, Facelets.
Implemented Validators, Convertors.
Worked with ICE Faces UI components, Data Grids and Panel Grids.
Implemented client-side data validations using JavaScript and Server-side data validations using JSF validators.
Implemented views using XHTML and implemented Managed Beans.
Configured navigation rules navigation cases.
Implemented new pages for email services, Lync Services, Blackberry Services and Video Services in JSF framework.
Implement an interface for processing the document generation requests and connect to the third-party vendors and systems using SOAP and REST web services.
Extensively involved in redesigning the entire site with CSS styles for consistent look and feel across all browsers and all pages.
Involved in front-end development utilizing Java Script frameworks such as Angular.JS and jQuery as well as front end technologies HTML5, CSS3, Ajax.
Developed additional UI Components using JSF and implemented an asynchronous, AJAX (jQuery) based rich client to improve customer experience. Designed the User interface using JavaScript Libraries framework like Angular.JS Framework
Design and develop user interface using HTML5 tags, AJAX, Angular JS, jQuery, JSF and Bootstrap.
Use JS framework such as AngularJS (for data driven apps) and Backbone.js (for heavy DOM manipulation).
Involved in implementation of MVC pattern using Angular JS, JSF and Spring Controller.

Environment: Java, J2EE, XMI, SQL, JSF, Angular JS, Node.js, Spring, CSS, Log4j, Subversion, Web services (SOAP/Restful), HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, Junit and PostgreSQL 9.x.

Wells Fargo, Urbandale, Iowa. 2/2012 to 8/2012.
Sr.Java Developer.

Description: Wells Fargo Home Mortgage is a retail mortgage lender, which provides home mortgage solutions. It offers construction and renovation financing, home buying, and refinancing solutions, as well as jumbo, adjustable-rate, and reverse mortgages. The company serves homeowners and homebuyers.
Specialties: Construction Financing, Renovation Financing, 1st Time Buyers, FHA, VA, Manufactured Homes.
Core Project Description:
The CORE Program – Common Opportunities, Results and Experience – focuses on innovation in processes and technology to reduce cost and complexity, better leverage our skill and scale, and enable a better response to market and volume changes. CORE will drive needed improvements in our end-to-end approach to real estate-secured lending, improve the overall customer experience and achieve our vision to satisfy all of our customers’ financial needs.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Create standalone java application using JMS API as a supporting CORE project for consuming and publishing the payloads as per the dynamically configured topic.
Create standalone application to identify the queue depth that helps in analyzing the queue while SIT and UAT.
Queue maintenance using IBM WebSphere MQ explorer.
Created UI and business layer to help the testers search for the EDN/EPR’s, JMS TOPICS and help analyze the requested EDN/EPR’s and Topics.
Used maven 2.0 for the build and deployment of the application.
Used Sub version for the versioning of the code.
Performed application level logging using log4j for debugging purpose.
Processed the XML based data using DOM Parser.
Developed Unit test cases using JUnit.
Used oracle 11.2.0 for the database configuration.
Involved in writing SQL/PLSQL queries for production support.
Developed & deployed the application in Web sphere and JBoss Application Server.

Environment: Java, J2EE, XMI, EMF, Hibernate, SQL, Spring 2.0, Teamwork’s 6.0, CSS, Log4j, Subversion, IBM Rational ClearQuest, Web sphere Application Server, JBoss Application Server, Maven, Eclipse, JQuery, Web services (SOAP/Restful), JIRA and Oracle 11.2.0.

FedEx Services, Collierville, TN. 05/2011 to 02/2012.
Sr.Java Developer

Project description:
FedEx is a world largest shipping company. I have worked with FedEx HR Application to modify the modules in the application as they are moving their data center to another location with their upgraded application.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Understanding and analyzing the project requirements.
Developed front-end using CSS, Html, JSP, Struts, Java Script and Tag libs.
Implemented JSTL tag libraries using Core, Format, Sql libraries.
Moving the code from Control Version (CVS) to Sub Version (SVN).
Converting all the SQL’s to Prepared Statements.
Migrating from NON-GMT Database to a GMT Database.
Performed application-level logging using log4j for debugging purpose.
Used Control Version (CVS), Sub Version (SVN) for source code version control.
Developed Unit test cases using JUnit.
Implemented the persistence layer with Hibernate using Hibernate.
Developed logic to send the Object as well as text messages on the JMS Queues.
Implemented Message Driven Bean for listening on to JMS.

Environment: Core Java, Java 5.0, Servlets 2.4, JSP 1.2(JSTL), EJB 3.0(Session Beans), JSF 2.x, CSS3, Web Services, Soap, HTML5, Hibernate 3.0, JSON, Ext JS, jQuery, Spring, JMS, log4j, Web logic Application Server 10.3.2, XSL, Web services(SOAP/Restful), Ant/maven and AIX flavor of UNIX and Oracle TOAD.

Navy Federal Credit Union, Pittsburgh, PA 09/2010 to 05/2011.
Java Developer

Project description:
Electronic Fund Transfer System (EFTS) is the project name for the Fed wire Automation Re-write ("Fed wire"). The current Fed wire Automation system is a Lotus Notes Application that processes share withdrawal checks, Western Unions, Federal Reserve wires, and Treasury Operations related transfers. It is used by a variety of user groups, including Contact Centers, Branches, and Treasury Operations related transfers. It is used by a variety of user Groups, including Contact Centers, Branches, Treasury Operations, Mortgage, and Consumer Lending. Fed wire processes two distinct types of transactions:

'Share withdrawals' where money is transferred out of a member's deposit account using Wire, Check, or Western-Union.
'Non-Share withdrawals' where funds are transferred out of Navy Federal GL accounts using wire or security transfer.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Understanding and analyzing the project requirements.
Involved in developing the project as per MVC Standards.
Implemented MVC using JSF2.X & worked with Facelets.
Implemented Validators, Convertors (Currency convertors).
Worked with ICE Faces UI components, Data Grids and Panel Grids.
Implemented client-side data validations using JavaScript and Server-side data validations using JSF validators.
Implemented views using XHTML and implemented Managed Beans.
Configured navigation rules navigation cases.
Created XML Schema, XML template and XSL.
Involved in the design and development of XML presentation using CSS & XSLT.
Processed the XML based data using JAXB, JAXP, SAX Parser & DOM Parser.
Developed Unit test cases using JUnit.
Integrated web services under Service Oriented Architecture, SOA.
XML messages are used to communicate b/w web services that are written using SOAP and WSDL.
Implemented the persistence layer with Hibernate using Hibernate.
Developed logic to send the Object as well as text messages on the JMS Queues.
Implemented Message Driven Bean for listening on to JMS.
Wired the spring View’s, BO’s, Controller’s & Validation logic into Spring Configuration files.
Implemented Views for JSP based view using Spring Tags.
Implemented Business logic as Spring BO’s.
Implemented the DAO’s and integrated with Hibernate using Hibernate templates.
Performed application-level logging using log4j for debugging purpose.
Used Serena Dimensions and GIT for source code version control.
Environment: Core Java, Servlets, JSP JSF2.X Frame work,Spring MVC, RAD/RSA 7.5.5,EJB 3.0(Session Beans), Hibernate, log4j, JMS,MDB, JUnit4.0,Web Sphere Application Server7.0, XML, XSLT, JAXP,JAXB, Web Services, SOAP, WSDL, JAX-WS, JMS, RESTFUL, Serena Dimensions, IBM Rational Clear Quest, GIT, XHtml, CSS, JavaScript, Ext JS, Ant/maven and AIX flavor of Unix shell scripting(bash shell)
Database: DB2 9.X.

IBM India Pvt Ltd. 12/2007 to 07/2009.
Java Developer

Project description:
Upgrading the existing Darty.com site by adding new features. Translating existing Jsp’s to free marker template language. This project mainly focuses on the Business users easy to browse the site and how efficiently business users can search for any desired product.
Darty.com is one of the top online shopping sites in France. The site provides a feature of buying products of Darty online and even viewing its wide variety of products. It also have the facility
Contact this candidate