Anishka Ramesh
408-***-****
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/anishka-p-b546b21b6/
Bachelors’ in Computer Science, GTU, India
ad2oj6@r.postjobfree.com

Professional summary:

●Around 10 Years of experience in design, development and implementation of software applications using Java, J2EE, technologies. Having good experience in the Information Technology Industry and also healthy participation in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including analysis, design, coding.
●Experience in Pair Programming, Test Driven Development, Waterfall model and Agile methodologies like SCRUM.
●Expertise experience in estimations, analysis, design, development, testing, maintenance, performance tuning and deployment of internet, e-commerce and client-server applications using Java, Servlets, JSP, JavaBeans, JDBC, Spring, Hibernate, AJAX, JavaScript.
●Experience with different IDE’s like Eclipse, NetBeans, Intellij.
●Good knowledge and experience in Core and J2EE design patterns like Singleton, Abstract Factory, Builder, MVC2, Business Delegate, DAO etc.
●Expertise in various open source frameworks like Angular JS, Node JS, Struts 2.0/1.2, Spring 2.5/3.0, Spring MVC, IoC, Web and ORM Technology like Hibernate 3.0, JPA, EJB3.0,IBatis, Mybatis, JQuery.
●Expertise in Distributed and Web environments, focused in JAVA Technologies –Java collections, Threads, J2SE, JDBC, Struts, Spring, Hibernate Framework.
●Expertise in Web-Development technologies like Servlets, JSP,JSTL, HTML5, JSON, JavaScript, CSS3, XML, XSL/XSLT, AJAX, JQuery.
●Good OOAD skills and data modeling using UML (Use-cases, Class diagrams, Sequence diagrams etc.). Used UML tools like STARUML.
●Code management experience with GitHub.
●Hands on experience in creating components using React.js
●Good experience in creating components documentation using react.js
●Utilized Java 8 features like Lambda expressions and Stream API for Bulk data operations on Collections which would increase the performance of the Application.
●Extensive knowledge of XML-based standards and protocols (such as WSDL and SOAP), Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), development of XSD schemas and implementing both SOAP and REST web services.
●Extensively experienced in Middle Tier Development using Servlets, JSPs, and EJB(3.0).
●Experience in using DOM4J, JAXB, JAXP parsing and XML Bean to process, validate, parse and extract data from XML files.
●Experience in Continuous Integration tools such Jenkins and Bamboo.
●Experienced in testing Angular, Angular 2 applications using Jasmine, Mocha, Karma, and Angular Test Bed.
●Good knowledge and experience with multiple Servers like IBM Web Sphere,IBM Web Sphere ESB (Enterprise Service Bus), Web Logic server, Apache Tomcat, JBoss.
●Extensive experience in working IDE tools like Eclipse, Net Beans, RAD, WID (Web Sphere Integration Designer).
●Experienced in Paymentech SDK, Groovy and Grails, Apache SOLR 8, Lucene, SOA and ADF 11g.
●RDBMS experience includes Oracle, SQL Server, database programming and connectivity using JDBC, ODBC, SQL, PL/SQL, Stored Procedures, triggers, Queries etc.
●Experienced in generating logging by Log4j to identify the errors in production test environment and experienced in Ant, Maven and Gradle tools.
●Strong experience in UNIX and Shell scripting.
●Worked with various Application servers like JBOSS7, Webshpere, GlassFish3 and Tomcat7 Webserver.
●Good experience in working with team members from vendors and internal departments to coordinate activities across multiple applications.
●Ability to manage multiple project tasks and deadlines along with troubleshooting skills to facilitate effective and efficient resolution of problems.

Technical Skills:

LANGUAGES
JAVA 8.0/7.0/6.0/5.0/1.4/1.2,SQL, Python, PL/SQL, UML, C, C++
WEB TECHNOLOGIES
JSP, Servlets, JNDI, JDBC, JMS, JPA, EJB(3.0), Web Services, SOAP, WSDL, JSF(2.0), AX-RS, JSX-WS, HTML5, DHTML, Java Beans, JavaScript, Angular JS,, Angular2,Angular 6-11,React.js, Node.js, AJAX, CSS3.
XML TECHNOLOGIES
XML, XSL, XSLT, SAX, DOM, AXIS, Castor, XML Beans and JAXB
WEB/APP. SERVERS
Apache Tomcat 4.0/5.0/6.0, Web Logic 8.1/9.1, Web sphere, JBoss. IIS

IDES
Eclipse, Net Beans, Red Hat Developer Studio, WSAD.
TOOLS
TOAD, XmlSpy, Ant, MAVEN, PL/SQL Developer, JUnit, I Report, JIRA
DATABASES
Oracle 8 / 9i / 10g, HSQL, My Sql, MS SQL Server 7.0, Sybase, MS-Access.
FRAMEWORKS
Struts, Spring (Dependency Injection, Spring MVC, Spring Core, Spring Context, Spring AOP, Spring DAO, Spring IOC, Spring JDBC, Spring with Hibernate), Hibernate, DWR, Log4j, JSF, JPA.
VERSION CONTROL
CM Synergy, Rational Clear Case, CVS, VSS, SVN, Git.
ALGORITHMS/ DATA STRUCTURES
Big O, Sorted, Tree, Stack, Queue, Linked List, Heap, Graph.
DEVELOPMENT METHODOLOGIES
Waterfall, Agile, Extreme Programming and Scrum
SERVICES
SOA architecture, RESTFUL/SOAP, Microservices, Axis 2, Apache CXF
SERVERS
JBOSS, Weblogic 10g, 11g, IBM Websphere, Apache Tomcat
INTEGRATION TOOLS
Hudson, Ivy, Jenkins
OPERATING SYSTEMS
Windows, UNIX, Linux, Sun Solaris

Professional Experience:

Client: United Parcel Service, Louisville, KY Jan 2021 to Present
Role: Sr. Java Full Stack Developer

Roles & Responsibilities:
●Engineered a comprehensive full-stack feature enabling the seamless transfer and intelligent filtering of Official Airline Guide files to the Jeppesen Crew Planning application.
●Integrated Apache Camel for powerful and flexible routing and mediation capabilities in the application, streamlining the processing of data between various Microservices.
●Implemented Kafka for efficient and scalable messaging in the Microservices architecture, ensuring seamless communication between components.
●Designed and developed Microservices using the Spring Boot framework, ensuring modularity, scalability, and ease of maintenance.
●Orchestrated the deployment and scaling of Microservices using Kubernetes, ensuring efficient resource management and scalability.
●Integrated ActiveMQ for reliable and asynchronous communication between different Microservices, ensuring message reliability and delivery.
●Leveraged SQL databases to store and retrieve data efficiently, optimizing the overall performance and responsiveness of the Microservices.
●Utilized FTP (File Transfer Protocol) for secure and efficient file transfer between Microservices, enhancing data exchange capabilities.
●Implemented SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol) for reliable and secure email communication within the Microservices architecture, ensuring effective notifications and alerts.
●Elevated the UPS Encryption Client by integrating HashiCorp Vault functionality.
●Implemented upgrades using Java, REST, Spring Boot, and Spring Vault, enhancing the security infrastructure and ensuring compliance with the latest encryption standards.
● Designed and implemented a user-friendly interface, enhancing the overall user experience and efficiency.
● Collaborated closely with UX/UI designers to translate design mockups into responsive and visually appealing front-end components.
●Utilized Angular and TypeScript for the front-end development, creating an intuitive user interface.
●Played a pivotal role in securing sensitive data and maintaining the integrity of confidential information during transit.
●Worked collaboratively with product owners, stakeholders, and development teams to refine and prioritize the product backlog.
●Employed Agile methodologies to enhance project visibility, streamline development processes, and ensure the timely delivery of high-quality features.
●Facilitated effective communication and alignment between cross-functional teams, resulting in a 20% reduction in feature delivery time.
●Mentored junior developers and assisted them in onboarding the complex crew systems.
Environment: Core Java, J2EE, JSP, HTML, MVC, FTP, SFTP,Angular, Spring Boot, Apache Camel, Kafka, ActiveMQ, Jenkins, JFrog, JMS, JUnit, PL/SQL, DAO, Web Logic Server, SOAP, Openshift, Kubernetes, Docker, Cucumber, Junit, SQL,Eclipse, GIT, Jenkins, Maven, Log4j,Agile.

Client: Cathay Bank, Los Angeles, CA Jun 2019 to Dec 2020
Role: Sr. Java Full Stack Developer

Roles & Responsibilities:

●Responsible for developing UI pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, JSON, jQuery, Angular 11, Angular 4, Node JS, AJAX, with an emphasis on responsive design, mobile-first, and adaptive design principles.
●Adoption of new principles such as responsive design, mobile-first, and adaptive design using Angular 7 libraries using Typescript.
●Implemented MVC architecture using JSF framework with JSPs for GUI development and DB modeling using NOSQL.
●Developed a Single Page Application (SPA) project using Angular 9.0/10.0/11.0 and Typescript for the frontend, Node JS, and Postgres for the backend.
●Followed the Extreme Programming methodology, sending regular updates in the scrum meeting.
●Designed and coded customized Angular 7 services to interact with the backend API and serve components.
●Worked with Angular 7 forms, modules, DOM, events, expressions, controllers, filters, and HTTP Request.
●Used HTTP Request to read data from web servers and process JSON data for rendering in the UI.
●Connected Web API to Angular using HTTP calls and designed GET, POST, PUT, DELETE for Web API.
●Implemented REST Microservices using Spring Boot, generating metrics with method-level granularity and persistence using Spring AOP and Spring Actuator.
●Transformed an existing Maven Java project to a Scala project, implementing Java interfaces and extending Java classes in Scala.
●Utilized Spring Config Server for centralized configuration and Kafka for centralized logging.
●Used Concourse and Jenkins for Microservices deployment.
●Leveraged Docker for containerization and Kubernetes for orchestration, ensuring scalable and efficient deployment.
●Apache Maven was used as a build tool to automate the build process for the entire application.
●Expert in HTML5/CSS3 development, with experience in React.js, Angular.js, and responsive design.
●Utilized Java 8 features like streams and lambda expressions.
●Maintained interface compatibility and concurrency in the project using Java 8 new features like default and static methods, and Concurrency API.
●Used Java 8 Method References feature and functional interfaces.
●Handled response data from RESTful web services using XML, JSON, and JQuery to update UI, interacting with Java controllers (JQuery, Ajax, and JSON).
●Coded and tested reusable JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5 widgets/libraries for complex UI controls, and responsible for JavaScript/AJAX UI upgrades and improvements.
●Experience with Angular Directives, Dependency Injection, Services, Routing, pipes, Animations, Forms, AOT, Lazy Loading, RXJS.
●Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST APIs using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 7.
●Implemented Ng-2-smart table with various features like sorting, filtering, pagination in the project.
●Developed the application using the MEAN stack: MongoDB, Angular 7.0, and Node.js.
●Used Angular 7 as a framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) and created various components.
●Performed a lot of DOM operations for loading and manipulating dynamic content on web pages.
●Front-end prototype and theming with Bootstrap, Angular 7, jQuery.
●Developed asynchronous means of retrieval of data from the Server and Database using AJAX features as well as JavaScript, and utilized Node.js applications to write in JavaScript.
●Made enhancements to existing CSS and DIV tags using the box model.
●Used Jasmine framework to write unit test cases for the web module and utilized different developer tools respective to the browser to debug the code.
●Worked with Agile software lifecycle methodology and involved in daily SCRUM meetings for reporting, planning, and expectation purposes.

Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Angular, Node JS, ReactJs, Docker, Kubernetes,JavaScript, Type Script, JQuery, AJAX, Maven, Micro services, Bootstrap framework, Jasmine, Git Bitbucket,Kafka.

Client: PacSun, Anaheim, CA Jan 2018 to May 2019
Role: Lead Full Stack Developer

Roles & Responsibilities:

●Developed java modules implementing business rules and workflows using Spring MVC, IoC, Web Framework.
●Had experience in performance tuning J2EE apps, performance testing, analysis, and tuning.
●Developed the Product Builder UI screens using Angular-JS, Node JS, HTML5, CSS, Javascript and Bootstrap.
●Worked on development of Hibernate, including mapping files, configuration file and classes to interact with thedatabase.
●Designed the responsive front-end screens using Angular 6, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, jQuery and Bootstrap.
●Used Angular 6 Http services for asynchronous validations for the input fields of the forms with the data existed in the database.
●Took part in setting up the routing configuration using Angular 6 UI router for various views and sub views and Angular CLI with Web Pack to perform builds and creating production ready code for deployment.
●Involves in Sprint planning for the estimation of efforts for user stories and bugs.
●Performed code reviews and provided guidelines for best practices of software management, Coding Standards and Code Commenting for better understandability.
●Implemented UNIX utilities using shell script for data validation, manual job submission, restarting failed jobs, etc.
●Expertise in working with build tools like Maven, Gradle, ANT
●Used Spring Boot which is radically faster in building cloud Micro-services and develop Spring based application with very less configuration.
●Developed stored procedures, functions, SQL, NOSQL queries.
●Actively involved in deployment Application war files in Weblogic Application server.
●Migration of current search process from Database to SOLR 7 & 8 search engine and Angular migration.
●Designed and developed the REST based Microservices using the Spring Boot, Spring Data with JPA.
●Actively involved in deploying application war files in Weblogic Application server.
●Utilized Docker for containerization and Kubernetes for orchestration.
●Maintained and expanded AWS infrastructure using AWS (EC2/EBS) and utilized AWS SNS/SQS for messaging.
●Incorporated Kafka for robust server-side messaging.
●Refactored the code for JVM Optimization and performance of application.
●Involved in Maven based build process and continuous integration of the project using Bamboo and Jenkins.
●Implemented SOA architecture with Web Services using SOAP, WSDL and XML to integrate other legacy systems.
●Unit testing of developed product features using Junit and Mockito frameworks as part of development cycle.
●Wrote build and deployed scripts usingShelland ANT scripts and involved in performance analysis of the application and fixed problems/suggest solutions.
●Used SOAP based Web services and RESTful Web services for transferring data between applications.
●Designed and developed various Oracle database Simple and Complex Queries, PL/SQL procedures, Stored Procedures, Trigger and Functions.
●Developed UI using AngularJS, HTML, JavaScript and developed Business Logic and Interfacing components using Business Objects, XML, and JDBC.
●Responsible to finish Jira Tickets assigned on time and update their status on regular basis.
●Used SVN for source code control.
●Used service clouds for data based systems and salesforce technologies.
●Develop detailed program design for application changes and/or major bugs.
●Involved in writing program documentation and technical specification documents.

Environment: Java, J2EE, Spring v3.x, Spring MVC, Hibernate v3.0, Oracle DB, Angular-JS, Angular 2, Node JS, Bootstrap, CSS, HTML5, Javascript, jQuery, AJAX,GIT, IntelliJ, AWS SNS/SQS, DbVisualizer, service clouds, Tomcat, JBoss, SVN, Maven, JIRA, SOAP/Restful Web Services, Redhat Linux, Jenkins, WSDL, Spring Based MicroServices, Agile, cucumber, Bamboo CI.

Client: Real Networks, Inc., Seattle, WA Jul 2016 to Dec 2017
Role: Java/J2ee Developer

Roles & Responsibilities:

●Followed Agile methodology and involved in daily SCRUM meetings, sprint planning, showcases and retrospective and used JIRA as a tracking tool for the sprints.
●Designed the front-end screens using AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap and Spring Boot.
●Developed Angular controllers, services, filters and developed HTML templates with various Angular directives such as ng- app, ng-controller, ng-repeat, ng-if,ng-show, ng-hide,ng-change, ng-blur etc..
●Took part in setting up the routing configuration using Angular UI router for various views and sub views.
●Configured Gulp to perform various UI build and test related tasks and used NodeJS NPM and Bower to manage the dependencies.
●Developed Angular services making use of resource service to perform REST API calls to the backend.
●Developed unit test cases using Jasmine and Karma and performed end to end testing using Protractor and Selenium
●Developed REST controllers using Spring Data REST to serve the UI with required JSON data.
●Used complete annotation driven approach to develop the application using Spring Boot and was also involved in setting up the Spring bean profiling.
●Used spring config server for centralized configuration and Kafka for centralized logging. Used Concourse and Jenkins for Microservices deployment.
●Consumed SOAP/ JAX-WS based web services using spring framework and used SOAP UI for testing these services.
●Used REST Client and POSTMAN to test the rest based services and used Junit and Mockito to test the middleware services.
●Worked with Middleware using Message driven by POJO (MDP) after creating QCF, Queue on WebSphere server, and using JMS template for asynchronous functionality for multiple users.
●Used Hibernate in the persistence layer and implemented DAO’s to access data from database.
●Used Node.js to run Grunt tasks and build properly the project (compile, minify, concat etc.) and Implement modules into Node JS to integrate with designs and requirements. Used GruntJS, BowerJS, Express from NodeJS.
●Involved in enhancing existing MEAN (MongoDB, Express, Angular and Node) stack applications and provided the required support.
●Build REST web service by building Node.js Server in the back-end to handle requests sent from the front end jQuery Ajaxcalls.
●Created various MongoDB collections and wrote services to store and retrieve user data from for the application on devices and used Mongoose API in order to access the MongoDB from NodeJS.
●Used GIT as version control system, to keep track of all the work &amp, all changes, allowing several developers to collaborate and used Maven as build and configuration tool and Jenkins for continuous integration tool.
●Involved in configuration and usage of Apache Log4J for logging and debugging purposes. Used RAD as IDE tool to develop the application.
●Prepared Documentation for Unit Test Plan and Unit Test Results for the QA purpose. Participated in the release night shakeouts/over night deliveries and QA Support.
●Used Veracode for application security scanning and remediated the flaws that were identified in the code.
●Took part in setting up the application with Jenkins and AWS and is involved in builds and deployments to Tomcat server.

Environment: STS, Tomcat 7, Gulp, Spring Tool Suite, Spring, Spring Boot, Hibernate, MongoDB, RESTful Web Service, Oracle, HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, AngularJS, Node Js, Express, JavaScript, GIT, JMS, Jenkins, Agile, JIRA tool, Selenium, Log4j, Maven,AWS.

Client: Pacific Global Bank, Chicago, IL Nov 2014 to Jun 2016
Role: Java Developer

Roles & Responsibilities:

●Converting business requirements into technical design and developed the system as per the technical specifications.
●Following agile methodology, an iterative development for the project and participating in code reviews.
●Developed various DOA’s in the applications using Spring JDBC support and fetch, insert, update and deleted data into the database table.
●Developed User-friendly Interfaces using React, Redux, Bootstrap, JQuery, Gulp, HTML5, CSS3 and ES6.
●Developed React components to implement various feature specific modules in the application and worked with a team to move existing web apps to React with ES6 Features.
●Developed drag and drop document editing using React JS-dnd and React JS-motion.
●Worked with AWS Cloud management and Chef Automation.
●Developed various API’s to communicate with Solr search engine and integrated Solr 5 search engine in Web store.
●Implemented MVC architecture using JSF framework using JSPs as GUI development and DB Modeling using Oracle 10g.
●Used MyBatis & IBatis persistence framework to provide support for custom SQL, stored procedures and mappings..
●Worked on converting the PSD to a pixel perfect XHTML page using CSS3 and HTML5.
●Developed tools using Python, Shell scripting, XML to automate some of the menial tasks.
●Implemented the application specific SOAP based Web services to transfer data in real-time between EXPERE document engine, Teamwork’s BPM tool and other legacy systems by utilizing WSDL, SOAP, Axis and JMS technologies.
●Experience in developing web based GUIs using Angular JS and JSP, HTML, and JavaScript.
●Developed stored procedures, functions, SQL, NOSQL queries and backend programs using Oracle database and tools such as TOAD and SQL developer.
●Used Stash code versioning system for code maintenance and used Log4j to generate logs used for maintenance and bug tracking
●Developed EJB Components, which encapsulate business logic and build up the model for the system.
●Implemented various J2EE design patterns like DAO pattern, Business Delegate, Value Object.
●Developed Java Helper classes for updating Customer Accounts and Customer information.
●Configured and deployed the application inIBM WebSphere application server.
●Build, Merged, Configured and deployed the code in Weblogic Server of DEV Environment, TI and Staging Environment.
●Logged issues and bugs with Jira, created and participated in code reviews using Crucible 2.0/3.0
●Experienced best practices for integrating microservices into an existing system architecture.
●Deployed J2EE Web and EJB modules using WebLogic Command Line Deploy tool and WebLogic Admin Console.
●Tuned TCP/IP, JVMs, JVM heap size, garbage collections and Native thread’s.
●Developed presentation layer using HTML, CSS and Javascript.
●Worked with a variety of issues involving multi-threading, server connectivity and user interface.

Environment: Java, J2EE, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, JSP, Angular JS, React JS, Servlets, Spring, Struts, Jasper Report, Hibernate, Web services, SQL, BPM, Oracle, Golang, GWT, Stash, AWS, bamboo, cucumber, Microservices, Eclipse, GIT, Jenkins, Maven, Log4j, JUnit, WebLogic 10.X, IBM WebSphere Application Server, JIRA, Clearcase.

Client: SN Technologies, India Jul 2013 to Oct 2014
Role: Java Developer

Roles & Responsibilities:

●Working on application architecture and re-design of different parts of the application.
●Working with Requirement leads and Project managers to translate business Requirements into technical specifications.
●Developed database persistence layer components for mapping an object-oriented domain model to the relational database using ORM framework such as Spring JDBC Support, Hibernate and JPA.
●Worked in Agile mode and interacted closely with the product owner and business team.
●Setup a new clear case project and ANT scripts and owned the deploy process.
●Built Single page application (SOA) using AngularJS as per the requirement.
●Optimize the cost of application development and maintenance by using economies of scale under a SLA governed process.
●Worked with Apache Lucene and SOLR 4 for searching the person and business details.
●Using SpringBoot which is radically faster in building MicroServices and develop Spring based application with very less configuration.
●Written Stored Procedures, functions, SQL queries and backend programming using Oracle, SQL.
●Developed presentation tier web components using JSF framework and deployed the application in web server.
●Expertise in application development using JSP, Servlets, JDBC, JNDI, spring, Hibernate, Ibatis, Mybatis, JSF, EJB, XML, Web Services- SOAP, WSDL.
●Implemented MVC architecture using JSF framework using JSPs as GUI development and DB Modeling using NOSQL and Oracle 10g.
●Built workflow based applications using JBPM workflow engine and designed workflow in JBPM editor, use provided api's in JBPM engine to run business functions.
●Implemented various J2EE design patterns like DAO pattern, Business Delegate, Value Object.
●Developed Business components and Services using EJB3.0, JPA and JAX-WS and deployed them in Business tier application server.
●Developed various Land registry office user interfaces, Model Beans and DAO using JSF Framework.
●Have written Unit Test Cases and Integration Test Cases using Junit framework.

Environment: Core Java, J2EE JSP, Servlets, JDBC, Collections, Generics, JUnit, Solr, Lucene, Struts, Spring, AWS, JBPM, Hibernate, Microservices, Eclipse, WebLogic Application Server 5.0, UML, SQL, NOSQL, Oracle 10g, Agile, Maven, SVN, Clear Quest.
Contact this candidate