Safiullah Shakoor
Senior Full-Stack Developer
Email: ad3koc@r.postjobfree.com Phone: +1-929-***-**** Technical Skills:
Programming Languages: C#, C++, Typescript, JS,, JS, XAML, XML, SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL, HTML, CSS, XAML, XML
.NET: Clean Architecture and Repository Design Patterns, ASP.NET CORE, ASP.NET MVC, Entity Framework, ORM, Nhibernate, Dependency Injection, WebForms, ADO.NET, Web Services,LINQ, SharePoint, RDBMS, (Data Structure & Algorithm), UML Design Patterns
Web Technologies: JavaScript, Angular JS, Bootstrap, ChatGPT, DevExpress Tools: MS Visual Studio 2022, SQL Server Management Studio, Git, GitHub, Bitbucket Database: SQL Server, Oracle
Testing: xUnit Testing (Mock Testing),Functional Testing Education: Software Engineering (2012 – 2016)
Summary of Skills and Experience
With over 8 years of professional experience as a .NET Developer, I have a strong background in the analysis, design, and implementation of various client-server applications using Microsoft Technologies. My expertise includes working with C#, VB, Classic ASP, ASP.NET CORE, ADO.NET, WinForms, MVC, Web Forms, SQL Server, Oracle, Web Services, VMWARE, Windows Services, LLM’s(Chat GPT) and Reports.
My expertise extends to creating Web Forms, WinForms, User Controls, and Custom Controls. I have also played a key role in the design and development of solutions related to EDI processes. This includes collaborating with other departments and data stewards to prioritize needs and develop effective EDI solutions, demonstrating knowledge of Healthcare EDI standards. In terms of technical proficiency, I specialize in Microsoft Technologies such as .Net Framework, ASP.Net CORE,, ASP.NET MVC, VB.Net, C#, AJAX, Entity Framework, LINQ, ADO.NET, XML. I have experience in Identity provider, Service Provider and their communication with Rest Apis for authentication and authorization purpose ( Single Sign on)
I have extensive experience in designing and developing Web Applications using ASP.NET, LINQ, Entity Framework4, nHibernate, WCF, Share Point, C#, ADO.NET, XML, Web Services, AJAX, JavaScript, HTML, DHTML, and CSS. Furthermore, I have experience with Microservices architecture, utilizing REST and using .Net Core 3.1. I have designed and implemented applications using MicroServices Architecture, leveraging its advantages such as loose coupling and design patterns.
I have experience in Excellent experience in Web Page Design by creating Data Access Component, Binding Data Grid View to display the contents of the data source using Telerik Grid Throughout my career, I have demonstrated proficiency in Software Design Lifecycle (SDLC), including phases like Analysis, Design, Implementation, Testing, and Deployment, with a focus on Domain Driven Development (DDD). I am experienced in Software Design Models such as Agile (Scrum) and Waterfall, accompanied by Use Cases and UML diagrams. I’ve also designed and implemented API endpoints using .NET Core, used Microsoft Visio to construct UML diagrams, and possess expertise in search engine optimization (SEO) and web traffic analysis. My skills extend to developing MVVM (Model-View-View Model pattern) to utilize the strong separation of display from state and behavior in aspects of look-less control model and data templates.
And Mule flows and DevExpress using various connectors like Salesforce, AMQP, PayPal, Azure, FTP, SFTP, and JMS. I am well-versed in Object Oriented Design/Development (OOD), Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD), Model View Control (MVC) design pattern, and Test-Driven Development (TDD). I have effectively utilized Model View Controller (MVC) pattern in presentation layer development, and employed ReSharper tools for code refactoring. I'm well-versed in cloud services, including Microsoft Azure Cloud Service, and have worked in agile and test-driven development (TDD) environment. I have Worked and developed RDBMSs such as MS SQL Server, Oracle, and MS Access and developing SQL server using T-SQL and using PostgreSQL. I possess extensive knowledge of Microsoft cloud services, such as Azure Cloud Service As a productive team member with strong technical, interpersonal, and communication abilities, I am driven to meet deadlines and produce full, high-quality products with little oversight. Employment History:
IronDevs (Jan2022 –Current)
Senior Full-Stack Developer
Used AGILE methodology and Led development team of 8 members ( 5 backend 2 Front end 1 QA)
Worked on integration of LLMs such as Chat GPT, custom generative AI solutions with Prompt engineering, Chat roles, Fine tuning based on the models to suggest diet plans and recipes based on user preference and BMI.
Developing the App using .Net Core Clean Architecture Benchmarking Functions Safiullah Shakoor
Senior Full-Stack Developer
Email: ad3koc@r.postjobfree.com Phone: +1-929-***-****
Implemented Parallel Processing Concept (using Parallel.ForEach), Getting client's servers credentials from ControlDb, dividing into the batches based on cores of server, and giving each thread the batch to process the data
Implemented Polly Retries Method on Catching Different Exceptions, i.e. Network Error.
Implemented Repository Pattern to get repository on T based. Background Worker Service
Implemented Options Pattern to bind configurations
FHIR Certification
Providing Entities Data in Standard Format to FHIR Server
Promoting Interoperability
Third Party Apps Integration
Involved in the whole Software Development Life Cycle including Analysis, Design, Implementation, Testing and Maintenance.
Worked with ASP.NET Web Forms, Web Services, and State Management, caching features, configuring optimizations, and securing the web application.
Developed Web forms in ASP.NET and Winforms applications in C where the presentation layer was designed in ASP.NET and business layer in C.
Created .NET services using WPF and used AJAX for consuming the Services remotely.
Implemented asynchronous update able ASP.NET Core view components.
Used Mediator pattern for Cloud console and cloud Listener applications.
Designed container based Microservices architecture and local Docker management infrastructure. Implemented scalable message queue based transaction flow
Designed and Developed Microservices for the business components using .NET framework.
Extensively used Mule components that includes File, SMTP, FTP, SFTP, JDBC Connector, and Transaction Manager.
Configuration and Customization of Microsoft Dynamic CRM 2016/2015 online.
Responsible for developing UI pages using Angular JS, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and JSON.
Created User Interface pages with Razor views and partial views.
Use Angular JS for sophisticated Single-Page Applications when used in combination with modern tooling and supporting libraries.
Developed SPA’s using Angular JS
Performed unit testing and system integration testing (SIT).
Using confluence in detail for storing and sharing documents, to maintain different versions of documents.
To guarantee functionality, completeness, and quality, engaged in unit testing, created test plans, and took part in code testing.
Maintained the builds, the necessary documentation, and the source code version control using GITHUB 8bit Solutions (October 2018 – Dec 2021)
Senior .NET Developer
Contributed to the development of an .NET CORE application utilizing JQuery, JqueryUI, HTML 5, Razor, and other relevant technologies. Specifically focused on Views and controllers, addressing areas related to validations and Dependency Injection, resolving identified bugs. Implemented Html Helpers to streamline and minimize the laborious task of typing HTML tags.
Participated in the whole software development life cycle (SDLC), from the design to the implementation, testing, deployment, and maintenance phases of the programme
Consumed the API’s client side using Angular JS.
Used Angular JS as framework to create Single Page Applications which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.
Worked on .NET Security features such as Forms-based Authentication and Role-based Authorization
created the application with .NET CORE and MVC Model View Control Architecture, which encourages a distinct division of the tiers responsible for data access, business logic, and presentation.
Took part in daily scrums with the entire team to talk about the development of the application, issues that needed to be fixed, and issues that had previously been finished.
involved in analyzing existing architecture on premise datacenters and designed to migrate complex Network architectures to Azure
Designed Graphical User Interface GUI using Layout Pages, HTML JQuery, CSS classes and Custom Controls
Extensively worked on MVC and converting some old views aspx to razor views and some areas of validations and Depending Injection, fixing some production bugs. Developed Data Model Classes with Entity Framework and business rules that are implemented within model layer.
Web development like building the UI pages, User controls using Telerik controls for ASP.NET and AJAX, creating and consuming WCF services, jQuery, Entity Framework 5, LINQ, etc.
Performed successful application development.
Migration of Existing Application to Azure
Analyzed business requirement to translate functional requirements into technical requirements and developed web application using .NET stack.
Developed stored procedures, views and triggers for data manipulation, ensuring set up relations includes indexing, constraints, and foreign keys.
Created proof-of-concept using responsive web design and .NET and Angular Technologies
Used services to read data from remote server using Angular.JS.
Performed Unit Testing with Xunit
Designed, implemented, ran and reported the consolidated results of End User (UAT) testing.
Worked on Microsoft Team Foundation Server for version control, individual task status and Database server project. Safiullah Shakoor
Senior Full-Stack Developer
Email: ad3koc@r.postjobfree.com Phone: +1-929-***-**** Abersoft (May 2016 – September 2018)
Software Developer
Developed Application using .NET Framework, Object Oriented Principles (OOP), and n-Tier Architecture.
Development of enterprise reports by pulling data from various sources and presenting in SQL Server Reporting Services
(SSRS).
Developed application using C#, MVC, .Net framework using Visual Studio and MSSQL.
Used Entity Framework to communicate with database. Used the database first approach of the entity framework.
Implemented a Microservices REST APIs using .NET Core 3.1
Developed UI pages using Angular JS, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, and JSON.
Developed several SOAP and REST API based internal tools
Played a key role on the design, development and implementation of a completely redesigned of legacy ERP in Microsoft Technologies.
Created WebApi (REST), WCF web services and OData services for implementing business logic in an n-tier architecture
Utilized Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment of the CI/CD system to build, test deploy.
Validated user input in Web forms using validation controls like compare, range, regular expression, and custom validation controls.
Wrote Complex nested queries, stored procedures, Triggers, Functions, and Indexes to improve the throughput of application using optimized queries in SQL server
Created Tables, Stored Procedures, Views, Index’s and involved in designing of Database tables.
Implemented JWT Token based authentication to secure the ASP.NET Core Web API and provide authorization to different users
Used GITHUB extensively for version control of the source code along with the maintenance of the builds and the relevant documents of the same.
Implemented object-oriented programming (OOP) principles in C# to design scalable and modular code.
Utilized C# and the ASP.NET Core framework for building robust and scalable web applications.
Integrated with SQL Server database using C# to store and retrieve data efficiently.
Integrated third-party libraries and NuGet packages with .NET Core to enhance functionality and streamline development processes.
Optimized application performance by analyzing and improving code efficiency and database queries within .NET Core.
Developed and deployed .NET applications on Azure App Service, leveraging the scalability and reliability of the platform.
Implemented microservices architecture using .NET Core, allowing for scalability and modular development.
Contact this candidate