ADEOYE STEPHEN
FULL STACK DEVELOPER
Ontario, Canada 548-***-**** ad3yhl@r.postjobfree.com
CAREER SUMMARY:
Versatile Full Stack Developer passionate about crafting elegant and efficient solutions. Adept at collaborating and working with functional and agile teams in delivering high-quality code and solving complex problems. Proven track record with over 6 years of experience in delivering high- quality projects on time, passionate about code quality, collaboration, and continuous improvement.
Leadient Technologies
FRONT-END DEVELOPER Jan. 2017 - Dec. 2019 Maharashtra, IN Debugged and tested code to ensure that it was functioning as intended Collaborated with UX/UI designers to implement responsive and user-friendly interfaces, using HTML, CSS and JavaScript increasing user engagement Developed a dynamic and interactive dashboard for the management system, enhancing its usability and functionality for all levels of the company workers. WORK EXPERIENCE:
FULL STACK DEVELOPER Apr. 2020 - Dec. 2023 Brantford, CA Developed, maintained and improved the performance, security, and usability of web applications using React, CSS and more.
Conducted code reviews and actively participated in knowledge sharing through detailed code documentation.
Participated in architectural discussions, proposing and implementing solutions to improve system scalability and performance.
Collaborated with other developers to update the website and create new features. BCLOUD Technology
Front-end and web development technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, React, Angular and Bootstrap)
Database (MySQL, SQL Server)
Software Methodologies and Code structure and architecture (Agile, Scrum, Kanban, RESTful API)
Programming languages (Java, Python, C#, .Net Core and other relevant technologies) Multitasking and prioritization skills in a fast-paced environment Familiar with OWASP's top 10 Web Application Security Risks Excellent problem-solving, communication, time management and decision-making skills Working knowledge of the fintech industry.
SKILLS:
Remedy Portal
FULL STACK DEVELOPER Mar. 2013 - Aug. 2016 Lagos, NG Fixed bugs and errors, ensuring the websites and applications runs smoothly and reliably, providing a positive user experience.
Assisted in agile scrum processes, sprint planning and backlog refinement. Collaborated with other designers to ensure the quality and consistency of the code and the design.
Developed and tested API functionalities for a data management platform, contributing to improved data accessibility.
EDUCATION:
Software Quality Assurance and Test Engineering - (Post-Graduate) Relevant coursework: Networking Fundamentals, System Administration, Database Management and IT Security.
Graduated with a GPA of 2.87/4.0.
Conestoga College Institute of Technology and Advanced Learning Ontario, CA Business Administration in Information Technology - (Bsc) Graduated with honours.
Completed courses in computer hardware, software, networking, programming, web development, etc.
Symbiosis International University Maharashtra, IN International Journal of Innovative Science and Research Technology(IJISRT) The present study deals with the futuristic Work Opportunities and Skills of 2030. The upcoming future roles that will be applicable in 2030 and the Skills in the IT and technology industry to achieve have to be researched and collected. PREDICTING THE WORK OPPORTUNITIES WITH PROPOSED MODEL : HR FUTURE OF WORK 2030 2021
RELEVANT PROJECTS:
International Journal of Scientific Research and Engineering Development (IJSRED) Electronic Voice of Customer: A study of Product Reviews on Consumer Opinion Websites 2022
CERTIFICATES
- Udemy
The Complete Javascript Course: From Zero To Expert
- Udemy
Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH)
Diploma in Software Engineering
- NIIT
Contact this candidate