Fernand-Charles Patrick Gandolfo
Metairie LA, ***01
323-***-****
ad41wc@r.postjobfree.com
EXPERIENCE
DXC Technology, New Orleans, LA— Associate Software Engineer
JANUARY 2022 - DECEMBER 2023
Directly involved in the development of insurance enterprise applications, fostering seamless communication between front-end and back-end microservices to enhance user experiences using Java Spring Boot, Angular, and Rabbit.
Created mobile friendly client/csr dashboards for annuity insurance clients with Angular. Features included call center dashboard for client application status and self-service portal for complex application information changes.
Collaborated closely with senior engineers in the strategic planning and execution of key features and bug fixes via Jira, contributing to enhanced system performance and client satisfaction.
Effectively coordinated and communicated with offshore agile teams to facilitate progression and team synchronization.
Led the mentorship and training of project interns. Trained essential skills in Angular and Spring Boot, thereby fostering their professional growth and significantly contributing to the team’s overall productivity.

IBM, Baton Rouge, LA— Junior Application Developer
MARCH 2020 - DECEMBER 2021
Collaborated with senior developers in developing microservices, enhancing system efficiency and scalability.
Responsible for the creation of a Kafka-based notification system for communication between bank microservices.
Conducted QA and created views utilizing Postgres and Hive. Tested API’s with Postman.
Achieved AWS Certified Developer Associate credentials, demonstrating knowledge in cloud-based solutions and services.

EDUCATION
Southeastern Louisiana University, B.S Computer Science
JULY 2019

SOFT SKILLS
Effective Communication
Problem Solving
Teamwork
Adaptability
Creativity
Attention to Detail
Time Management

SOFTWARE & TOOLS EXPOSURE
Eclipse
VS Code
Jenkins
Jira
Postman
Gradle
Maven
Amazon Web Services
Docker
Kubernetes
Rabbit/Kafka

FRAMEWORKS & LIBRARIES
Spring Boot
Spring Data JPA
Spring MVC
Angular
Materials UI
Bootstrap
Junit

LANGUAGES
Java- 3 years
Postgres- 3 years
MySQL- 3 years
TypeScript- 2 years
JavaScript- 2 years
HTML/CSS- 2 years
Contact this candidate