BHARGAV CHINDAM
Java Full Stack Developer
Phone: +1-216-***-****
Email ID: ad43q4@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/bhargav-c-b1009a298

ABOUT ME
Looking for an opportunity to join an esteemed organization as a Java Developer, utilizing my technical skills and expertise in software development. Adept at collaborating with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality software applications that meet business objectives.
SUMMARY
6+ years of professional experience as a full stack developer, experienced in implementing and developing complex applications. Involved in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) which embraces Design, Development, Implementation and Testing of enterprise business applications using Java.
Experienced in using Spring Data JPA with Hibernate to integration MySQL, or SQL Server into back-end web applications and performing CRUD and aggregation operations on a database.
Spring Boot Microservices were developed with Microservices architecture using REST and Apache Kafka.
Developing websites using DXP (Digital Experience Platform), HTML 4.0/5.0, XHTML, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax and JSON. Experience in Jenkins integration service for software development.
Experience in writing test automation scripts using java, Selenium WebDriver and TestNG which performed sanity testing on every deployment performed in QA environment. Strong experience on Agile (SCRUM) and Waterfall SDLC.
Proficient in using Amazon Web Services (AWS). Extensive experience in focusing on services like EC2, AWS Lambda, VPC, Cloud Watch, Cloud Front, IAM, S3, Amazon RDS, Elastic Cache, SNS, SQS.
Experience with Version Control tools like GIT, GitHub, CVS, SVN and build tools like MAVEN and Gradle with Integrated Development Environments like Eclipse and IntelliJ and STS.
Strong knowledge and hands on experience of deploying applications using Kubernetes, cloud native application development, pivotal cloud foundry, JavaScript, Kendo UI, Java/J2EE technologies & RDBMS.
Used Core Java 6, Java 8, J2EE, JSP, JDBC, RDBMS, Java Script, JQuery, Ajax, XML and Chordiant 5.6, using Oracle 11g as database J2EE platforms on Windows, UNIX.
Experience with complete Spring framework- Spring Boot, AOP, Transactions, Security, Auto wiring, ORM, MVC, Spring Data, Spring Hystrix, Hateos, Webflow and Spring integration with AWS.
Java/J2EE with EJB's, Java Servlets, JSP and the Grails framework. The embedded application was also implemented in Scala and built with the Akka framework. Experience in Web services using AXIS, REST FUL API.
Used Maven to build and deploy the application and used Jenkins as Continuous Integration platform (CI/CD) to setup the automated builds. Expertise in using Angular2 components, Forms, Events, Router, and Pipes.
Implemented end-to-end testing strategies by utilizing Cucumber and Selenium frameworks, ensuring the reliability and functionality of full-stack applications.
Developed feature-rich and maintainable Cucumber scenarios in Gherkin language, translating business requirements into executable test scenarios that served as living documentation.
Experience developing and integrating with microservices, webapps, RESTful API's. Good experience developing enterprise applications using Spring, Hibernate, JavaBeans, Servlets, Struts, XML Mapping, Ant, Ivy, Kotlin and Maven.
Good knowledge on Oracle and MySQL performance related features such as Query Optimizer, Execution Plans, and Indexes. Strong knowledge in core Java concepts like collections, Multithreading, design patterns, serialization.
EDUCATION
Master of Information Systems from Cleveland State University
Bachelor of Computer Science Engineering from Mahindra Ecole Centrale

SKILLS

J2EE Technologies: Java, J2EE, Servlets, JSP, JSTL, JSF, JIRA, Angular JS, JDBC, MVC, OOP, Grails, Hibernate, spring.
Web Technologies: JavaScript, CSS, AWS, Mule ESB, HTML5, DHTML, XML, DTD, HTTP, HTTPS, Jquery1.8, jQuery UI, Angular JS.
Spring framework: Bean Factory, Application Context, Dependency Injection/IOC, MVC, Struts, Data Binding, AOP, JDBC, ORM, JMS, Security, batch jobs, schedulers (Quartz).
Distributed computing: SOAP WS, RESTful WS, JMS API, WSDL, JAXP, JAXB, JNDI and XML.
IDE Tools: RSA, RAD, WSAD, Eclipse, NetBeans.
Web services: JMS, MQ Series, SOAP, Rest, WSDL, JAX-RS and JAX-WS.
Databases: Oracle, MySQL, PL/SQL, MS SQL Server, MS Access, PostgreSQL.
Design Methodologies: UML, Rational Rose, Agile, SCRUM, TDD, XP
Version control Tools: SVN, CVS, Clear Case, Git.
Operating Systems: UNIX (Solaris, Ubuntu, Linux, and OSX), Windows 9x/XP/Vista/7/8.
Testing Tools: JUnit, SOAP UI.
Application Servers: Web sphere Application Server, BEA Web logic, Apache Tomcat, JBoss 4.2.x, 5.X, JBoss 6.1 EAP.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Client: Merit Insurance of Tennessee, Old Hickory, TN, U.S (Dec 2022 - Present)
Role: Java Full Stack Developer
Description: Merit Insurance of Tennessee is an Independent Insurance Agency. It offers all types of Personal Insurance coverage to the clients including Auto, Homeowners, Renters, Life, Boat, and Motorcycle Insurance. It also offers Commercial insurance overages.
Responsibilities:
Used Angular controllers to update entity models, and Angular custom filters to provide better search experience and used Angular service for Rest API calls. Unit testing and E2E testing frameworks are used.
The views are programmed using JSP pages with the struts tag library, Model is the combination of EJB’s and Java classes and web implementation controllers and Servlets.
Developed frontend applications using Angular framework with TypeScript.
Implemented the online application by using Core Java, Multithreading, JDBC, JSP, Servlets, and Webservices.
Experience working in Agile development following SCRUM process, Sprint, and daily stand-up meetings.
Implemented data-driven testing approaches in Cucumber, allowing for efficient testing of multiple scenarios with different input data.
Employed Selenium for browser automation and UI testing, validating the correctness of user interfaces and user interactions.
Collaborated closely with QA engineers and product owners to define acceptance criteria, refining, and expanding Gherkin scenarios to cover various use cases and edge cases.
Played a key role in the transition to a microservices architecture, utilizing Kotlin to build microservices that seamlessly integrated with existing Java components.
Worked on Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure with automation and configuration management tools such as Chef and Puppet. Used GIT as version management, Jira for defect management system.
Implemented RESTful Web Services in Spring Boot for consuming, producing JSON/XML Data from Endpoints.
Exposed Survey API to other applications in DOE using Apache Axis2.
Expertise in design and development of various web and enterprise applications using Type safe technologies like Scala, Akka. Strong programming skills of SQL and stored procedures, preferably Oracle and Sybase.
To meet scale and availability requirements, we selected Apache Cassandra for Cassandra's master less architecture, ability to scale horizontally easily and quickly to meet their growing data store needs.
Used JMS for the asynchronous exchange of critical business data and events among J2EE components and legacy system. Used various jQuery and Bootstrap plug-in like date picker, Bootstrap selectors.
Deployed our application on Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) which is used to reduce the development overhead by providing a ready to use platform. Experienced in React Js framework and working with React Flux Architecture.
Extensive expertise in Kubernetes, orchestrating containerized applications for efficient deployment, scaling, and management. Done with Unit testing using JUnit and Mockito.
Experienced in developing CI/CD systems with Jenkins on Kubernetes environment, utilizing Azure DevOps for the runtime environment. Skilled in configuring pipelines to automate building, testing, and deployment processes.
Implemented high availability with Azure Classic and Azure Resource Manager deployment models.
Developed Angular 7/6 material responsive web application pages using Angular 8 -Material services, controllers and directives for front end UI and consumed RESTful web service API.
Utilized AWS Lambda to optimize Backend processes and improve application performance.

Environment: Java 1.8, Spring Boot, Micro Services, Node JS, Angular 8, TypeScript, Spring Cloud, Struts, Azure, Dynamo DB, Code Commit, Code Pipeline, Kubernetes, Docker, Jenkins, AWS, Spring Tool Suite(STS), Oracle, Log4j, Agile, JIRA, Maven
Client: Nisolo, Nashville, Tennessee, United States (Oct 2021 – Nov 2022)
Role: Java Full Stack Developer
Description: Nisolo provides handmade leather products through e-Commerce platform intended to push the fashion industry in a more sustainable direction. Its leather products and accessories include shoes, belts, bags, and bracelets.
Responsibilities:
Utilized AWS Lambda to optimize Backend processes and improve application performance. Developed Servlets for server-side transactions and made use of AJAX for server-side processing without refreshing JSP page.
Used Eclipse based Spring Tool Suite (STS) for development and debugging Spring Boot applications, Microservices and deployed into OpenShift cloud platform.
Involved in various phases of SDLC as requirement gathering, modeling, analysis, architecture design and development and the project was developed using Agile Methodologies. Modified existing Shell scripts in Unix to call daily sub routines.
Implemented TypeScript for enhanced type safety and better code organization in large-scale projects.
Designed and developed robust backend services using Spring Boot in conjunction with Kotlin.
Implemented interactive and responsive user interfaces, showcasing the adaptability of Kotlin across the entire development stack.
Implemented the data persistence functionality of the application by using Hibernate to persist java objects to the relational database. Experience with high-speed messaging frameworks and streaming (Kafka, Akka, reactive).
Behaviour Driven Development (BDD) implementation with Cucumber gherkin and Jenkins for continuous integration and continuous delivery.
Strong development skills in designing and developing Microservices along with Spring Boot and Coherence cache implementation. Worked with NoSQL databases such as Cassandra, Mongo DB, and Risk.
Used EC2 for deploying and testing the lower environments such as Dev, INT and Test and also used cloud watch for monitoring. Experience with Java 8.0 features such as lambda expressions, Parallel operations on collections and for effective sorting mechanisms and new Date Time API.
Proficient in using Azure DevOps as a source control repository tool for maintaining project versions, supporting applications through debugging, fixing, and maintenance releases.
Write unit tests using JUnit, Mockito or other testing frameworks to ensure code quality and test coverage.
Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap, AngularJS, TypeScript, EXTJS, NodeJS, Agile(SCRUM), SpringBoot, Hibernate, DynamoDB, Docker, Terraform, Nginx, GIT, JUnit, Maven, Restful, JAX-RS, Log4J, AWS, Swagger, Microservices, JIRA, Jenkins.
Client: DCB Bank, Mumbai, India (May 2019 - Jul 2021)
Role: Java Full Stack Developer
Description: DCB Bank Limited is a private sector scheduled commercial bank in India.It includes Retail, micro-SME, SME, mid-Corporate, Agriculture, Commodities, Government, Public Sector, Indian Banks, Co-operative Banks and Non Banking Finance Companies.
Responsibilities:
Developed the UI Screens using HTML5, DHTML, XML, Java Scripts, JQuery Custom-tags, JSTL DOM Layout and CSS3.
OAUTH 2.0 authentication framework is used to provide security to RESTful web services by generating access tokens in order to access protected resources. Extensive use of Struts Framework for Controller components and view components.
Implemented core java Multithreading, Collections, Exception Handling, and OOP's concepts.
Utilized TypeScript to create reusable components and improve code maintainability.
Worked on the modernization of a legacy and outsourced UI technologies used were Angular 2/4, Angular Materials 2, CSS, Node JS, Express JS and AWS (Amazon Web Services).
Implemented configured JIRA issue tracking software with Agile plug-in across all the company functions.
Integrated the application with Spring Framework for implementing dependency injection provide abstraction between presentation and persistence layer. Use Swagger for API documentation and testing.
Implemented Spark using Scala and Spark SQL for faster testing and processing of data.
Implemented J2EE components using Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring Transactions and Spring Security modules.
Used HTML, XHTML, DHTML, Java Script, AJAX, and Angular 1.x/2, JQUERY, XML, XPATH, JSP and Tag Libraries to develop view pages in portal. Involved in designing, capacity planning and implementing multi-rack Cassandra cluster.
Extensively Used Jenkins as Continuous Integration tool to deploy Spring Boot Microservices to Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) using build pack. Followed Agile Scrum methodology for application development and deliverables.
Conducted research and kept up-to-date with the latest advancements in Java and Kubernetes technologies, incorporating them into development processes. Developed test cases using JUnit to validate several business rules in the application.
Implemented Model View Controller (MVC-2) Architecture using Jakarta Struts framework at presentation tier.
Used Oracle as database and involved in the development of PL/SQL backend implementation.
Implementing CI/CD pipeline as code using Jenkins 2.60.3 and Developed build and deployment scripts using MAVEN as build tool, and Integrated Selenium in Jenkins 2.60.3 to perform the automated integration test.
Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular JS 2/4, Express JS, Node JS, TypeScript, Angular Materials 2, Responsive Design, DOM, XML, XSLT, JSON, IntelliJ, Chrome, SOAP, agile and Mac OS Sierra, Jira, Kanban board.
Client: Vodafone Idea Limited, Mumbai, India (Aug 2017 - Apr 2019)
Role: Java Developer
Description: Vodafone Idea Ltd (VI) is a provider of telecommunication services. The company provides mobile services, broadband and passive infrastructure services. I worked for enterprise services, digital services, content services, and IoT solutions to the public sector and government.
Responsibilities:
Involved in the creation of interface to manage user menu and Bulk update of Attributes using Node.JS and jQuery.
Used GitHub version controlling tools to maintain project versions supporting the applications through debugging, fixing and maintenance releases. Used Azure DevOps tool as source control repository.
Implementation of the design wireframe using Angular 8.0 and exposing backend services which runs on Spring Boot. Here we also have another layer that makes use of NodeJS mainly used for authentication, authorization, and session maintenance. Involved in coding, building java applications using Core java, Multithreading, JSP and Servlet.
Used AWS Lambda to manage the servers and run the code in the AWS and Automation of various administrative tasks.
Developed CI/CD system with Jenkins on Kubernetes environment, utilized Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment for the CI/CD system to build, test. Deploy.
Developed frontend applications using Angular framework with TypeScript.
Developed the REST Microservices using Java JDK 1.8, Scala, on IntelliJ platform by gathering the knowledge of previous phase resources and integration with Oracle. Designed and developed java backend batch jobs to update the product offer details.
Participated in all phases of SDLC includes areas of requirement gathering, analysis, estimation, design, coding, testing and documentation. Designing & development of entire validation service to perform data validations on the test cases built on the extracted, transformed, loaded data & working on Linux platform.
Used Hibernate Transaction Management, Spring/Hibernate Batch Transactions, and Hibernate cache concepts.
Used Jenkins to run the deployment process. Used JIRA to view the tasks and requirements.
Building cloud Microservices and implemented back-end using Spring Boot. And Authored application using Spring Cloud services (spring version of Netflix OSS-Eureka that helps in routing, Circuit Breaker and Ribbon for client-side load balancing). Streamlined the server Implementation by moving to JSON and MongoDB as the backend data model.
Building ETL tool for the migration of data & validating the test cases after the extraction, transformation & load of data
Developed test cases for each component in different panels using JUnit, reported and deployed using Jenkins.
Implemented a metrics collection mechanism for the server by utilizing Apache Kafka to stream server-side events.
Involved in designing the user interfaces using Struts Tiles Framework, HTML, and JSP. Designed the Front-end screens using JSF, HTML, and CSS.
Environment: Java 1.6, J2EE, Servlets, JSP, Spring-MVC, TypeScript, IOC, AOP, Multithreading, Hibernate, Eclipse, Angular-JS, NodeJS, CSS3, HTML5, Web logic Server, WSDL, SOAP, JAX-WS,, Tomcat, Oracle 11g, Oracle SQL Developer, Linux, PaaS, GIT, JIRA.
Contact this candidate