VAMSHI M Java Full Stack Developer
Email Id: ad43ox@r.postjobfree.com
Linkedin- http://www.linkedin.com/in/vamshi-m7
Phone: +1-937-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Around 6 years of professional experience in Java Full Stack Development, Enterprise Client-Server applications development and design using Object-Oriented, multithreaded and micro services oriented applications.
Excellent programming, analytical, problem solving and interpersonal skills with a keen understanding of business applications and a proven ability to adapt to new areas.
Experience working in environments like Agile (SCRUM) and Test-Driven development (TDD) methodologies.
Expertise in java 8 features such as Lambdas, Parallel Streams, filters & functional interfaces.
Having strong exposure and work experience on java concepts like collection API, Stream API, Parallel Streams, exception handling, Multithreading, modularity, executor service, fork and join frameworks.
Designed and developed J2EE MVC applications using Struts, Spring MVC and Spring Boot.
Strong experience in Spring modules Spring MVC, IOC, AOP, JDBC, IO, Spring Boot, Spring cloud, Spring REST, Spring Eureka, Spring Ribbon, Spring Netflix.
Strong experience on Restful APIs & SOAP web services.
Expertise in Hibernate, Spring, EJB (Entity Session Message Driven Bean), Ajax, Java Beans, JMS, Java Mail, XML, Sockets using IDE's like Intellij.
Expertise in Programming with JDBC, EJB, JNDI, JMS, Servlets, JSP and Custom tags using Struts framework.
Skilled in developing User Interfaces using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Ajax, AngularJS, Angular, ReactJS, NodeJS framework.
Experience in database development and implementation using different RDBMS such as Microsoft SQL Server, ORACLE, MySQL, PostgreSQL and DB2 and NoSQL databases such as MongoDB, Cassandra.
Experience in JMS over messaging to exchange the information in more reliable and asynchronous way in enterprise Applications.
Integrated React.js frontend with Java backend services, utilizing RESTful APIs for efficient data exchange and maintaining system cohesion.
Implemented Redux (React.js) and NgRx (Angular) for complex state management.
Used Confluent Kafka, Apache Active MQ, Rabbit MQ, AMQP as JMS provider.
Solid experience in Linux/Unix and Shell Scripting & Python Scripting.
Experienced in writing unit test cases using JUnit, Mockito, Cucumber for functional, integration and end to end testing suites.
Containerized the microservices using Docker & Kubernates Auto Scaled Neo4J database and implemented stack, storages with docker swarm Implemented monitoring.
Extensively worked on AWS Cloud components like EC2, S3, EKS, ECR, AWS RDS, Lamdas, Key vaults and API gateways.
Worked on various testing frameworks for front end/user interface like Karma, Jasmine, Selenium.
Experience in working with Jenkins pipelines to build, generate articats and deploy in AWS EKS to achive CICD.
Proficient in using Amazon Web Services AWS. Extensive experience in focusing on services like EC2, VPC, Cloud Watch, Cloud Front, IAM, S3, Amazon RDS, Elastic Cache, SNS, SQS.
Extensivly used kubectl command for intracting with PODs and Deployments.
Extensive experience in developing web applications using modern JavaScript frameworks and libraries that leverage ECMA-Script standards.
Created dashboards and reports in Splunk to monitor applications health and statuses.
Good Knowledge on working with OAUTH2.0 for providing authentication and authorization to Rest services by exchanging Access tokens.
Delivered architecture designs and solutions for private, public and hybrid cloud platforms.
Strong experience on various version control systems like Git, SVN.
Developed and integrated APIs using Python,facilitating seamless communication between different services and components within a web application.
Implemented and maintained containerized applications using technologies like Kubernetes within the cloud ecosystem, enhancing deployment flexibility and resource utilization.
Proficient in setting up and configuring Jenkins for continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipelines.
In-depth knowledge of Azure SQL Database and Cosmos DB for handling relational and NoSQL data in Java applications.
Experience with browser testing, knowledge of cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility.
Managed and maintained an organized product backlog, regularly grooming and prioritizing user stories based on business value and strategic goals.
Involved in writing test cases using java and executed it through cucumber.
Used Cucumber for services automation and created the Feature Files for Cucumber Automation.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Languages
Java 11/8/7, PL/SQL, SQL, PHP
Java/J2EE Technologies
Core Java, JSP,JDBC,Servlets, JMS, Java Beans, Java Multithreading, Generics and Collections, EJB, Tiles
Web Technologies
HTML5, XML, DOM, JSON, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, Angular12/10/8/6, Angular.js, Node.JS,JSP
Web Frameworks
Spring, Spring Boot, Hibernate
Design & GUI Tools
Eclipse, IBM RAD
App servers
IBM Web Sphere, Apache Tomcat, BEA Web Logic
Databases/Tools
Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, MongoDB
Methodologies
Agile, Waterfall, UML
Operating Systems
Windows, Linux, UNIX

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Client: Verizon,Irving,TX Jan 2023 - Present
Role: Full Stack Developer
Description:
We develop, deploy, and maintain REST micro services using Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, Spring Config, and RabbitMQ
for streaming messages to import various carrier pricing and efficiency data. This data is utilized to calculate the least-cost
routes from source to destination numbers. We deploy these applications on AWS EKS using Jenkins for CI/CD. Additionally, we utilize Splunk for logs monitoring and alerts.

Responsibilities:
Involved in Requirements gathering, Analysis, Design, Development and Testing of application using AGILE methodology (SCRUM) in a test-driven development (TDD) approach.
Analyzed design and determines coding, programming, and integration activities based on general objectives and overall architecture of product or solution using Java 11.
Worked on reading and writing to/from the files by using newly introduced methods in Java 11.
Migrated existing Monolithic architecture to full-fledged Microservices architecture using Spring Boot & Spring Cloud in multiple stages.
Developed multiple enterprise applications using Spring Boot, Hibernate framework, Spring IOC, Spring MVC, Spring JDBC, Spring Annotations, Spring Security, Spring Integration, frameworks, Restful web services.
Utilized Spring MVC annotations and XML configuration for Dependency Injection.
Implemented the application using Spring Framework to write and consume Restful services.
Designed and developed micro services business components using Spring Boot.
Involved in developing backed API using Spring Boot Framework.
Developed application using spring boot and AJAX on the presentation layer. The business layer is built using spring and the persistent layer uses Hibernate.
Developed spring boot application with microservices and deployed it into AWS using EC2 instances.
Implemented different validation controls on the webpages using Angular.JS and developing a cross platform JavaScript based solution using Angular.JS.
Used Angular 12 framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with the server.
Developed a robust backed infrastructure using Node.js, ensuring optimal performance and scalability for high-traffic web applications.
Designed frontend components using Python Django framework and worked on Flask microframework.
Assisted in working with some of the Machine Learning Algorithms and worked on python automation scripts.
Implemented authentication and authorization for the application using Spring Security and Oauth2.0.
Implemented Restful web services which produces both XML and JSON files to perform tasks, Restful web service using Jersey for JAX-RS implementation, which leveraged both web & mobile applications.
Worked on Swagger API and auto-generated documentation for all REST apis.
Involved in maintaining and updating the procedure for ETL process.
Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Angular 12 and Node JS.
Gather Raw Data from various data sources and store the Raw Data in NoSQL database like MongoDB.
Involved in writing stored procedures in SQL databases like Oracle for database side validations, as well as functions and queries in postgressql database.
Develop an application to interact with MongoDB database using JDBC to retrieve data.
Build REST web service by building Node.js Server in the back-end to handle requests sent from the front-end jQuery Ajax calls.
Changing the AWS infrastructure Elastic Beanstalk to Docker with Kubernetes.
Involved in deploying systems on Amazon Web Services (AWS) Infrastructure services EC2. And Utilized most of the AWS services like S3 as a data store for storing the files that falls into the bucket, IAM roles, Elastic Bean Stalk, generated Lambda Functions to trigger an event that occurs in S3, Code Commit as a Version control service, AWS Cloud Watch.
Used Docker for creating Docker images for launching containers on AWS EC2.
Created and managed Kubernetes Deployments, Services, and Pods to deploy containerized applications.
Experience in Integrating Apache Kafka with and created Kafka pipelines for real time processing. Knowledge about unifying data platforms using Kafka producers.
Implemented unit tests for testing Angular components with frameworks using Karma and Jasmine.
Used JUnit for test cases and Power mock for unit testing.
Setup CI/CD pipeline process for the application using the Jenkins.
Triggered the automation jobs using Jenkins to get the cucumber JSON reports
Apache Maven tool has been used for the build and deployment of the application.
Monitored the Error logs using Log4j and fixed the problems.
Deploy and configure daily iterative builds of Java SE11 applications into Tomcat server environments for multiple feature deployment teams.

Environment: Angular 12, Java 8/11, Spring, Spring batch, Spring Boot, Kafka, JMS, Hibernate, Angular js, NodeJS, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, Eclipse, MongoDB, NoSQL, AWS, Swagger UI, Log4j, JIRA, Pure XML, Web Services, Microservices, REST UI, Docker, Kubernetes, Cucumber, Junit, JSON, Jenkins.

Client: Black Board, Phoenix, AZ Feb 2022 – Dec 2022
Role: Java Full Stack Developer
Responsibilities:
Designed Prototype and project layout skeletons using Angular, jQuery and CSS and HTML5.
Designed and developed using the Java collection API with Java 8 features and other java processes to fulfill business case requirement, such clients account statements and clients running balance based on each transaction.
Implemented the application using Spring MVC Framework and handled the authentication, authorization, and access-control features by using Spring Security.
Used MVC based spring framework to develop the multi-tier web application presentation layer components.
Designed and developed Micro Services to divide application into business components using Spring Boot.
Configured spring security for REST API’s in Spring Boot.
Designed and developed Micro services using REST framework and Spring Boot and used Bootstrap along with Angular.js in creating the Application.
Implemented Micro services architecture using Spring Boot for making application smaller and independent.
Used Hibernate framework for backed development and spring dependency injection for middle layer development.
Developed the presentation layer using JSP, HTML5, JSON, HTML, CSS3 and client validations using JavaScript.
Implemented real-time communication features in a web application using Node.js, enhancing user interactivity and engagement.
Integrated NestJS with microservices architecture, enhancing system scalability and facilitating seamless inter-service communication.
Enhanced application security and efficiency by implementing middleware and authentication strategies using Express.js.
Integrated TypeScript with Node.js and Angular environments, improving development efficiency and code reliability.
Developed REST based services using Spring REST API and Apache CXF.
Involved in the development and management of the Maven project files.
Implemented various pages in the application using AngularJS MVC framework and lodash JavaScript utility library.
Involved in developing components in Angular 8 with TypeScript and used Angular 8 to build single page applications.
Used Selectors, Events, AJAX, and DOM Manipulation using components in Angular 8 for updating content on DOM nodes.
Implemented Unit testing for API using Mockito. Developed JUnit test cases for DAO and Service Layer methods.
Implemented user authentication and authorization features in Angular, ensuring secure access to course materials and assessments.
Used Java Mailing or Messaging Service (JMS) API’s for mailing detailed notifications depending upon the success and failure once the backend process is complete and also for mailing administrator of any system related problems.
Implemented a Continuous Delivery pipeline with Docker, Jenkins and GitHub and AWS AMI's.
Worked on creation of Docker container images, tagging, pushing images, integrating Spring Boot, created the Docker containers and Docker consoles for managing the application life cycle.
Built Lambda functions to save data snapshots into AWS S3 buckets using Node JS.
Database development required creation of new tables PL/SQL stored procedures, functions, views, indexes and constraints, triggers and required SQL tuning to reduce the response time in the application.
Log4J was used to monitor the error logs and used GIT as version control tool.
Used the Atlassian products JIRA, Confluence and Bamboo in the business process.
Followed Agile engineering approach using SCRUM, XP and Test to Design.
Developed Python scripts for automation of various tasks, such as data scraping, system administration, and file processing.
Checked the health and utilization of AWS resources using AWS Cloud Watch.
Design and developed the presentation layer using JSPs and jQuery.
Engaged in agile development methodologies, participating in regular sprints, stand-ups, and code reviews to ensure project milestones were met.

Environment: Java 8, Spring Framework, Spring Boot, Hibernate, Web logic, Oracle 11g, HTML5, CSS3, Reactjs, NodeJS, JavaScript, Web Services, Spring Boot, REST, XML, Log4j, Groovy, ECM, Elastic search, Mockito, SOA, Kafka, Web Logic Server, Mongo DB, PL/SQL, SOAP, Python, AWS, Docker, Jenkins, GitHub, Microservices.

Client: Providence Health Plan [Worked Offshore] Nov 2019 – July 2021
Role: Full Stack Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in Design, Development and Support phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Designing, developing, and maintaining complex SQL queries for data analysis and data extraction as per client requirements.
Designed and developed “product definition”, “product validation” and “product transformation” Micro services in Spring Boot.
Engaged in Java development skills with core Java 8, JDBC, Hibernate and solid experience in MVC architecture, using Spring, Spring MVC.
Development of cloud hosted web applications and REST APIs using Spring Boot with embedded Tomcat.
Implemented persistence layer using Hibernate that uses the POJOs (which do not have the business processes) to represent the persistence database tuples.
Implemented redux to resolve the application's global state management, especially for user login status.
Optimized existing Node.js applications for performance, leading to a significant reduction in server response times and resource consumption.
Used Spring Boot for developing micro services and used REST to retrieve data from client-side using Microservice architecture.
Used React.js as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.
Mentored junior developers in adopting TypeScript, enhancing team capabilities in building robust, error-resistant applications.
Implemented and maintained a responsive and dynamic user interface using React.js, enhancing the overall user experience for a healthcare management application.
Implemented CI/CD pipelines using Azure DevOps for seamless integration and deployment of Java code changes.
Used RESTFUL client to interact with the services by providing the RESTFUL URL mapping.
Developed a user-friendly and responsive patient dashboard using React.js, allowing healthcare professionals to efficiently manage patient information and treatment plans.
Implemented security measures using Azure Active Directory for authentication and authorization in Java applications.
Utilized Azure SQL Database for handling sensitive healthcare data, ensuring reliability and performance.
Built MAVEN scripts for automated deployment and for the build operation of the entire application.
Implemented scripting with and XML to dynamically refresh the page contents.
Involved with bug fixing on functionality, performance and designing issues with JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3 and React.js.
Developed core Java programs for all business rules and workflows using spring framework.
Designed and developed Restful service using Spring MVC to the underlying customer event API. Involved in building Restful Web services using JAX-RSAPI.
Used Log4j Logger for all logging purposes and JUnit for integrated test runs, XML for building data structures required for Web Services and JMS for sending a-sync messaging using the Event based Framework.
Created custom Plugins, templates, and functions tailored for integration into React.js applications.
Implemented Hibernate for data persistence and management.
Implemented integration tests using JUnit to validate the seamless interaction between different modules and services within the Java application.
Engaged in continuous learning to stay informed about the evolving landscape of Big Data technologies and best practices.
Followed Agile Scrum methodology and used TDD for writing test cases.

Environment: Java 8, J2EE, Spring Framework, Hibernate, React js, AJAX, Oracle 11g, Web Services, Azure, Agile, REST, XML, Micro services, Mongo DB, WebSphere, JavaScript, NodeJS, Bootstrap, jQuery, JBOSS, JUnit, GitHub, SQL, JMS, HTML5, JSP, CSS3, Maven and SVN.

Client: Xircom Technologies, India Feb 2018 – Oct 2019
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Development, enhancement and testing of the Web Methods flow services and Java services.
Implemented Micro Services using Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, and Spring Micro Services.
Developed the Application making use Java 8's new Streams API and parallel Streams to partition the streams.
Used micro service architecture, with Spring Boot-based services interacting through a combination of REST and Apache Kafka, Spring message broker.
Extensively applied other Hibernate and database management technologies like Sessions, transactions, criteria query, Hibernate Query Language (HQL), Native SQL, Cache, Batch Processing, and Interceptors, to interact with the database.
Extensively developed stored procedures, triggers, functions and packages in OracleSQL, NOSQL,PL/SQL.
Implemented Front controller using Spring MVC framework.
Involved in modifying Hibernate configuration file for mapping resources.
Involved in developing Java APIs, which communicate with the Java Beans.
Used XML, XSL for Data presentation, Report generation and customer feedback documents.
Worked with Core Java technologies Collections, Serialization, Generics, Annotations and Exception Handling to implement Back-End Business Logic including Entity Beans and Session Beans.
Developed Message Driven Bean for asynchronous sending Messages using JMS.
Used JUnit Framework for the unit testing of all the java classes.
Used log4j logger system to maintain application logs.
Responsible for requirement analysis, designing, planning, tracking and execution of the application.
Attended daily stand-up meetings and provided progress reports.
Utilized diverse development methodologies throughout the SDLC, including test-driven development, SCRUM.
Participated in the discussion with the business experts to understand the Business requirements and translate them into technical requirements towards development.

Environment:J2EE, Java8/7, XML, JMS, AWS, JavaScript, JIRA, Spring Boot,Micro services, Junit, Jenkins, Log4j, SQL, MongoDB.

EDUCATIONAL DETAILS:
UNIVERSITY: University of Dayton.
Stream: Masters in Computer Science.
Contact this candidate