Pradeep Udukuru
.Net Full Stack Developer
LinkedIn: pradeepudukuru Email: ad44fj@r.postjobfree.com Phone: +91-880******* Professional Summary
Dedicated and skilled .NET Full Stack Developer with 2 years of experience, proficient in troubleshooting and resolving real-time issues to ensure high-quality deliverables. Enhanced skills in DevOps to streamline development processes and improve project efficiency. Technical Skills
Backend Development: C#, .NET Core, .NET Framework, ASP.NET MVC, Web API, RESTful API Development, ADO.NET, Entity Framework.
Frontend Development: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, TypeScript, jQuery, Angular Database: SQL Server
Version Control System: Git
Cloud Technology: Azure
Development Tools: Docker
CI/CD: Azure DevOps, ArgoCd
Work Experience
Ample Logic, Hyderabad — .NET Full Stack Developer 10/2021 – 09/2023
Worked on Annual Product Quality Review (APQR) Application, used by the pharmaceutical companies to track their product details and generate reports for specific time periods: Used Dot net, Angular and SQL Server.
Collaborated with pharmaceutical clients in sprint meetings to gather requirements and plan features.
Actively participated in the architecture and design discussions, contributing to the overall improvement of the platform.
Developed a controller using the Angular framework to enable drag-and-drop functionality, resulting in a 30% reduction in form field creation time and increased flexibility in form design.
Implemented customizations to form controllers to access data upon creation or value changes, resulting in a 40% increase in user interaction.
Leveraged Syncfusion .NET Library to generate customizable APQR reports.
Integrated R language for enhanced data visualization, resulting in a 60% increase in visual data representation and analysis capabilities.
Proficient in implementing concepts such OOPS, Solid Principles and Design Patterns.
Proficient in Angular, including experience with components, directives, services, modules, data binding, dependency injection, and routing.
Impact: Implemented RESTful API for schedulers instead of SQL Server, resulting in a 50% increase in data integration efficiency.
Led end-to-end deployment of .NET applications on IIS servers for multiple clients. DevOps:
Experience in working with Version Control Tools like GIT.
Hands-on experience in Containerizing the application using Docker, creating Docker files and Docker Compose files.
Proficient in implementing Azure services such as Virtual Machines, Azure Kubernetes services, Network Security Groups, Firewall, Storage Accounts. EDUCATION
Aurora’s Technological and Research Institute — Bachelor of Technology 08/2016 – 09/2020
Computer Science and Engineering
ACHIEVEMENTS
Led agile development efforts, resulting in a 20% increase in project delivery efficiency.
Successfully delivered client deployments within tight deadlines, ensuring project milestones and client satisfaction.
Mentored and trained trainee associates, improving team efficiency and knowledge sharing within the organization.
CERTIFICATIONS
Joy of Computing Using Python – NPTEL
Software Project Management – NPTEL
Social Networks – NPTEL
Contact this candidate