Resume
Technical Niche
Software Development Life Cycle
SQL Server Master Data Services
Version Control Tools
Test Driven Environment
Agile methodologies
Model-View-Controller
N-tier Architecture
Devops environment
Design Patterns
Competencies
Network Infrastructure
Data Modeling
Process Optimization
Client Relationship
Business Solutions
Data Analytics
Key Impact Areas Profile Summary
430-***-****
ad46z2@r.postjobfree.com
Sahithi Vinjamaram
Senior Full stack / Java Developer
Cloud Platforms: Azure, Amazon Web Services: EC2, S3 etc., OpenShift Languages: Java 11, 8, 1.6/1.5, PL/SQL, YML, UML, XML, XSL, XSLT, C, C++, Python J2EE Technologies: JSR-286 Portlets, JDBC, JPA Servlets, JSP, JMS,RMI, Apache Axis2 Frameworks: Angular JS, Node.JS, JSF, Struts, Spring Cloud, MVC, EJB, IBM HATS Persistence layer: Hibernate 3/4, JPA
IDEs/tools: Eclipse, IntelliJ, MyEclipse, Net-Beans, JBoss, WSAD/RAD, IBM Model Design Modeling: OOA/OOD, AOP, UML
Web Tools: Typescript, AJAX, DOJO, CSS, JavaScript, Flex, XML, HTML, XHTML, SOAP Version control: Git, Gitbash, Harvest, SVN
Databases: IBM DB2, Cassandra, Oracle12g, Postgres, MS SQL Server, MySQL, NO SQL Documentation Tools: MS Office 2016, Visio, O365, MS SharePoint, Confluence Web/Application Servers: Docker, IBM Web Sphere, Web Logic, Apache Tomcat Methodologies: Agile, SCRUM, TDD, Waterfall
Operating Systems: Windows (Major), Linux
Others: ANT, Maven, Gradle, Rational Software, Open Make, Log4J, Junit Over 10+ years of experience in Delivering Enterprise Solutions in multiple domains. Expertise in conceptualizing, designing, and coding technical solutions using JAVA/J2EE and UI technology stacks to satisfy complex business problem statements. Expertise in leading teams to innovate, design, execute and implement successful initiatives to solution that align business and IT objectives and deliver rapid results. Well-versed with Project Estimation and Management. Have been a key developer and provided technical leadership in the successful implementation of multiple enhancements in critical projects. Adept in exhibiting commendable skills in documentation and implementation of complex business scenarios. Excels at taking on extreme challenges, navigating organizational dynamics, and forecasting and dismantling roadblocks to success. Counted on to manage challenging clients and does so through a positive approach, consistent encouragement, and a focus on helping others.
Client: Peraton, Virginia (Federal Experience) Jul’ 21 to Present Role: Full stack developer Project: IAE development Customer-Oriented website for U.S Govt. - Maintenance of contract opportunities owned by sam. Gov Environment: Java 8, Spring, Hibernate, Spring Boot, Python, JMS, ActiveMQ, AWS, Micro Services, Docker, JavaScript, AngularJS 10, NodeJS, Neo4j, HTML, Junit, Eclipse, IBM Liberty Portal, Passport.js, MySQL, Solr, Ajax, Jenkins, GIT, JIRA
Key Deliverables
Hands on Experience in creating the continuous integration framework from the scratch using Selenium, Selenium Grid, Maven and Jenkins. Developed web applications based on different Design Patterns such as Model-View Controller (MVC), Data Access, Object (DA), Singleton Pi
Creating custom, general use modules and components which extend the elements and modules of core Node.JS. Worked on Node Package Manager (NPM) to manage the modules and to install tools such as Grunt, Express, underscore.js, require.js, crypto.js, passport.js, and mongoose
Implemented the function to send and receive AMQP messages on RabbitMQ synchronously and asynchronously and send JMS message to Apache ActiveMQ on the edge device
Developed RESTful webservices with JAX-RS using Spring Boot, AWS Elastic Search and Micro Services Architecture. Proficient in Test Driven Development (TDD) using Java Unit and Mockito API
Applied Spring Boot Wrapper to create Micro Services and developed Spring based application with very less configuration. Deployed Spring Boot Micro Services Docker container using Amazon EC2 container services
Used Java 8 parallel streams to change the sequential stream flow of threads while session establishment and used Java 8 Lambda expressions for collection evaluation Client: BPS health care, Colleyville, Arkansas Feb 2021 to July’2021 Role: Java/UI developer Project – Immunization
Worked on three HIPAA projects, developed multiple microservices of Sales Portal helping an employer to choose the health insurance plan for their employees, & Broker Portal (Enrollments EPIC, Member Maintenance EPIC, CONVERSIONS EPIC)
Environment: Java 1.8, Spring, Hibernate, Spring Boot, JMS, Splunk, APIGEE, Rest, ETL, ActiveMQ, AWS, Micro Services, Angular JS 7/8/9, Solr, Docker, Splunk, APIGEE, Rest Assured, IntelliJ, Postgres, MongoDB, Elastic Cache (Kibana), Jenkins, Bit bucket, JIRA
Actively participated in analysis, detail design, development, bug fixing and enhancement in agile methodology. Documented the technical requirements, reviewed them with architects and BSAs
Developed Rest architecture-based web services to facilitate communication between client and servers via backend system using NodeJS. Used AWS (amazon web services) for email, integrated with JavaScript code
Implemented generating the verification hash code using crypto package on Node.JS. Developed server-side services using Spring MVC, Spring core/IOC, Spring Security
Used Java Message Service (JMS) for reliable and asynchronous exchange of important information for status report and worked on the JMS connection pool, Java 8 parallel streams to change the sequential stream flow of threads while session establishment and used Java 8 Lambda expressions for collection evaluation
Utilized Splunk and Amazon cloud watch to analyze over health, performance of APIs via logs Work Experience
Client: Blue Cross blue shield, Detroit, Michigan Nov’2019 to Dec’2020 Application developer -Java production support Project – Group setup integration Environment: Java 1.7, React JS, Redux, Node JS, Type script, Web pack, ECMA6, Karma and jasmine, Spring 4.x, Spring Boot, Spring cloud like Ribbon, Netflix ZUUL, Micro services architecture, Docker, Cassandra DB, OAUTH, Apache Kafka, Splunk, Apache SOLR
Used React.js/Redux to build User Interface, created responsive design and developed a single responsive website that could be served to desktop, Tablets and mobile users using ReactJS
Implemented platform modules through spring Java micro and Node.js services by employing Hapi.js, as well as front-end React JS. Worked on Docker hub, NoSQL database like Cassandra
Designed, configured, and deployed Amazon Web Services (AWS) for a multitude of applications utilizing the AWS stack (Including EC2, S3). Used Splunk to create charts and analyse log data to know customer expectations
Implemented a metrics collection mechanism for the server by utilizing Apache Kafka to stream server-side events.
Developed single page applications using Angular 4/5, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap4
Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 4/5.
Designed and developed the End Points, Business Layer, DAO Layer using Hibernate and Spring IOC (Dependency Injection). Extensively used MVC, Factory, Delegate and Singleton design patterns
Developed micro services architecture using Rest APIs, spring boot and pivotal cloud foundry
Spring security is used for authentication and authorization and to provide protection against attacks like session fixation, clickjacking, and cross site request forgery. Client: American International Group (AIG), San Francisco, CA Dec’18 to Oct’19 Role: Sr. Java Developer Project: Electronic Order Entry Environment: Java/J2ee, Angular JS, Underscore JS, Handlebar JS, Java Server Faces, Spring IOC, Spring AOP, SOAP, Apache-CXF, JAX-WS, WADL, PL/SQL, Oracle DB, Hibernate, Maven, JBoss, Junit, Selenium, SOLR.
Developed applications using Angular2, Java8 and new features of java (lambda expressions) and screens using HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, jQuery, and AJAX.
Developed UI components using Angular 2 dependency Injection, Models, data binding and controllers. Experience with Responsive Web Design, Bootstrap and Play grid framework.
Heavily used Spring Inheritance, Auto-wiring, Core Container, Security, AOP, Spring Quartz for scheduling tasks to generate reports and emails to clients
Implemented Spring MVC flow to interact with different modules & used Spring AOP, Dependency injection during various modules of project
Developed with Spring Eureka to retrieve API routes for the entire cluster. Using this strategy each spring service in a cluster can be load balanced and exposed through one API gateway
Used Micro service architecture with Spring Boot based services interacting through a combination of REST and Apache Kafka message brokers
Handled Amazon Web Services (AWS) like EC2, S3, cloud watch and Elastic Bean Stalk for code deployment Client: Anthem, Chicago, IL Aug 2016 to Nov’2018
Role: Full Stack/Java Developer Project: Anthem Inc (Healthcare insurance company) Environment: HTML5, CSS3, React JS, Babel, Spring Boot, Spring AOP, Spring IOC, Hibernate, Redux, Axios, Node JS, DB2,JSON, Pivotal Cloud Foundry, Jenkins, GIT,GIT Labs, Docker, Drools, Nexus, Mongoose, MongoDB, Webpack, Mocha, Selenium, Apache Kafka, EC2, AWS, Apache SOLR
Created responsive UI modules using Angular JS with hard coded dependency of Underscore JS with Handlebar JS for templating. Used Spring AOP Module to implement logging in the app to know the application status.
Used Spring IOC configured Application Context files and performed database object mapping using Hibernate annotations. Developed SOAP web services using Apache-CXF to be available for other local OSGi bundles.
Solr documents were created and updated at regular intervals using SOLR J and DIH
Involved in creating unit testing of various layers using JUnit and created automated test scripts for integration testing using Selenium. Developed Web API using Node JS and hosted on multiple load balanced API instances.
Used loosely coupled architecture Spring Boot. Developed Micro Services in the application by using Spring Boot.
Development of cloud hosted web applications and REST APIs using Spring Boot with embedded Tomcat.
Extensively Used Jenkins as Continuous Integration tools to deploy the Spring Boot Microservices to Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) using build pack. Executed MongoDB scripts & queries to test data from NoSQL databases
Used CI/CD tools Jenkins, Git and Docker registry for configuration and automation using Ansible. Experienced in working with Babel and Webpack in application build and deployment processes Client: SineSoft, Hyderabad, India Jun’2013 to Feb’2016 Role: Jr. Java Developer Project: Real Estate Software Environment: Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSP, Servlets, JDBC, MVC Design pattern, PL/SQL, Log4J, Apache Tomcat server, My SQL, Eclipse IDE, CVS, ANT, Log4J
Developed web application using JSP, Servlets, Java beans that uses MVC design patterns. Created user-friendly GUI interface and Web pages using HTML, CSS and JSP
Wrote JavaScript for Client-side validation. Used Java Fundamentals and OOPS concepts like inheritance, polymorphism, abstraction to develop the code. Wrote Python scripts to parse XML documents & load the data
Implemented core java concepts like Multithreading, Exception Handling and Collection wherever necessary. Used Eclipse as IDE tool for creating Servlets, JSP, and XML
The Application was deployed on Apache Tomcat Server. Complete code base conversion to React Native with feature parity. Used Configuration Management Tools for version control which is built on CVS
Experience in building web applications using Angular, ASP.NET MVC and Entity Framework, bug fixing and Production Support
Contact this candidate