940-***-**** ad48xz@r.postjobfree.com
EDUCATION
TECHNICAL SKILLS
PROFILE SUMMARY
A Technocrat 8 years of IT experience in the areas of Analysis, Design, Development, Production Support and Deployment of Web based applications using Object Oriented Concepts, Java and J2EE, Web Services (SOAP, RESTful, WSDL), JavaScript, AWS, JDBC, Servlets, Struts, Jenkins, AJAX, HTML and XML, JMS.
Java/J2EE development experience working within frameworks such as Spring, Hibernate or Struts.
Expertise with employment of Spring Kafka and Zookeeper apart from JMS as messaging service.
Experience with web services, Groovy/Grails, EXTJS, XML/XSLT, Struts, log4j, Maven, Spring (Core, Spring Boot, Spring Data), and Angular.
Expertise in using Angular2 components, Forms, Events, Router, and Pipes.
Knowledge on various Docker components like Docker Engine, Hub, Ma- chine, Compose and Dockers Registry.
Worked on packages like socket, SOAP, REST API, OAuth 2.0, Django.
Created and triggered automated builds and continuous deployments using Jenkins/looper and OneOps cloud.
Experience working with various SDLC methodologies like Agile Scrum, RUP and Waterfall model.
Experience in Designing and developing interactive Front- end applications using HTML5, CSS3 and AJAX.
Expertise in Core Java Such as OOPs, Collections, Exceptions Handling, In- put/output (I/O) System, Swing, Annotations, Enums, Concurrency, Multi- Threading, Lambda and Generics.
Proficient in using Amazon Web Services (AWS). Extensive experience in focusing on services like EC2, AWS Lambda, VPC, Cloud Watch, Cloud Front, IAM, S3, Amazon RDS, Elastic Cache, SNS, SQS.
Hands-on experience in version control tools like Git, GitHub, SVN and CVS.
Well versed with J2EE Design Patterns like DAO, Service Locator, Value Ob- ject, Business Delegate Pattern, Front Controller Pattern, Singleton, MVC, Session facade etc.
Strong in databases like Oracle, SQL Server, DB2, MySQL.
Experienced in Java Application Development, Object Oriented Concepts, Object Oriented Design (OOD), Object Oriented Analysis (OOA), Object Oriented Programming (OOP) and its implementations.
Used Maven to build and deploy the application and used Jenkins as Continuous Integration platform (CI/CD) to setup the automated builds.
Experienced in writing unit test cases using JUnit, Testing, Mockito and Wrote JUnit Test Cases for challenging environments.
Strong hands-on experience with Spring IO and Spring Boot.
Involved in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) in large scale enterprise software using Object Oriented Analysis and Design.
Good knowledge of Stateful /Stateless Session EJBs and Entity EJBs. Technologies: J2EE,
Servlets, JSP, JSTL, JSF, JIRA, An-
gular JS, JDBC, MVC, OOP, Grails,
Hibernate, spring.
Web Technologies: JavaScript,
CSS, AWS, Mule ESB, HTML5,
DHTML, XML, DTD, HTTP, HTTPS,
Jquery1.8, jQuery UI
Spring framework: Bean Fac-
tory, Application Context, De-
pendency Injection/IOC, MVC,
Struts, Data Binding, AOP, ORM,
JMS, Security, batch jobs,
schedulers (Quartz).
Distributed computing: SOAP
IDE Tools: RSA, RAD, WSAD,
Eclipse, NetBeans.
Web services: MQ Series, SOAP,
Rest, WSDL, JAX-RS and JAX-WS.
Databases: Oracle, MySQL, MS
SQL Server, MS Access, Post-
greSQL, PL/SQL.
Design Methodologies: UML,
Rational Rose, Agile, SCRUM,
TDD, XP
Clear Case, Git.
Operating Systems: UNIX (So-
laris, Ubuntu, Linux, and OSX),
Windows 9x/XP/Vista/7/8.
Testing Tools: JUnit, SOAP UI.
Application Servers: Web
sphere Application Server, BEA
Master’s in computer science
from University of North Texas,
USA
Praneetha
Java Full Stack Developer
WORK EXPERIENCE
Client: Frost Bank, San Antonio, USA (July 2023 - Present) Role: Java Full Stack Developer
Description: Frost offers banking, investments, and insurance. As a Java Full Stack Developer, I am playing a pivotal role in developing and maintaining our e-commerce platform, ensuring its reliability, scalability, and performance. Responsibilities:
Used Spring framework and MVC design patterns to complete several projects on complex areas of development including user interface design, batch processing, stored procedure development, XML, data exchange and integration.
Used Angular controllers to update entity models, and Angular custom filters to provide better search experience and used Angular service for Rest API calls.
Used JMS (Java Mailing Service) API and Kafka to mail notifications upon success or failure when the backend processes are completed and to send mail notifications regarding any system related problems.
Building/Maintaining Docker container clusters managed by Kubernetes Linux, Bash, GIT, Docker, on AWS. Used Jenkins as Continuous Integration. Utilized Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment of the CI/CD system to build, test and deploy.
Used JUnit, Mockito for Unit testing the code, and SL4J for logging errors. Likewise worked on Karma, Jasmine in Angu- lar App unit Testing and Protractor for automation. GIT for version control.
Developed UI application initially using Angular 6.0 and made use of customized components.
Designed dynamic and multi-browser compatible pages using HTML, CSS, jQuery, JavaScript and Angular 7.
Extensively involved in Unit testing and coordinated with the testing team and fixing Bugs at various stages of the application development. Involved in writing Java API for Amazon Lambda to manage some of the AWS services.
Developed JASPER report to show the result after validations are performed on the test cases and maintaining several data accuracy. Involved in writing the microservices in spring boot application with spring annotations.
Configured backup, alert systems, repairs, and monitoring for Cassandra clusters using OpsCenter.
Expertise in Microservices developing SOA (Service Oriented Architecture) and J2EE Web Services based on SOAP, WSDL, UDDI, JAX-WS, JAXB, JAX-RPC using tools like Apache Axis.
Used various jQuery and Bootstrap plug-in like date picker, Bootstrap selectors.
Created computing and data resources on AWS using EC2. Installed Pivotal Cloud Foundry on EC2 to manage the containers created by Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF). Created Angular 5 service and integration with RESTful APIs.
Involved in building and deploying AWS components like EC2 and setting up AWS S3 storage Objects.
Utilized AWS Lambda to optimize Backend processes and improve application performance.
Expert in Core Java with in-depth knowledge of Core Java concepts such as Multithreading, Synchronization, Collections and Event/Exception handling.
Experience in developing Web applications like Blog Maintenance, Social Networking, Mobile Apps and Single page Ap- plications related to Client Authentication using JS Frameworks and libraries like React/Redux.js, NodeJs, Responsive designs by using Bootstrap.js. Familiar with creating Custom reusable React component library.
Using the existing old spring MVC application developed a new application with Spring Data JPA Rest.
Implemented high availability with Azure Classic and Azure Resource Manager deployment models.
Expertise in coding optimized SQL queries on databases like Oracle.
Used IntelliJ IDEA IDE tool for application development.
Participated in all phases of SDLC includes areas of requirement gathering, analysis, estimation, design, coding, testing and documentation. Wrote many shell scripts in Unix to call routines.
Generated Hibernate Objects and used Hibernate ORM for SOTI Publisher application. Environment: Java, J2EE, Spring framework, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Junit, JSP, CSS, Servlets, JDBC, AJAX, Web services, REST, SOAP, XML, jQuery, JavaScript, Oracle, Web Sphere, SQL, Windows. Client: American Income Life Insurance Company, Waco, Texas, USA (May 2022 - June 2023) Role: Java Full Stack Developer
Description: American Income Life Insurance Company, often referred to as AIL, is a leading provider of supplemental life insurance and other financial protection products for individuals and families. I collaborate with cross-functional teams to design and implement innovative solutions that enhance the overall user experience. Responsibilities:
Created Low Level Design Documents for services and web application. Deployed static websites and several supporting APIs (Node.js) following a server less architecture in AWS (API Gateway, AWS Lambda & Lambda @Edge, Cloud Front, Dynamo DB, S3, and more). Good knowledge of Web Services with protocols SOAP and REST.
Worked on associated REST tools such as Swagger, Postman and SOAP UI testing HTTP Requests and response.
Experience in building pipelines using build/deploy tools such as Jenkins, Docker and OpenShift for Continuous Integration & Deployment for Microservices. Developed Mockito and JUnit test cases to improve code coverage.
Developed mapping spread sheets for (ETL) team with source to target data mapping with data modelling naming standards.
Utilized Java 8 features like Lambda expressions and Stream API for Bulk data operations on Collections which would increase the performance of the Application. Golden Gate Kafka adapters are used to write data to Kafka clusters.
Involved in coding, building java applications using Core java, Multithreading, JSP and Servlet.
Experience working in Agile development following SCRUM process, Sprint, and daily stand-up meetings.
Implemented Struts Framework and performed SIT, UAT. Use Swagger for API documentation and testing.
Consumed Web Services by implementing Spring REST support is to make the development of RESTful Web services.
Configured JMS server setup, DB connection setup & deployed Returned items in Web Sphere Server.
Worked closely with DevOps teams to streamline the deployment process and implement CI/CD pipelines using Kuber- netes.
Handling the project with GIT version control. Used Spring Integration to communicate with different web Services.
Implemented Reacts Axioms Http Request to read data from web server and process JSON data to render in UI.
Design and developed the UI using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, j Query, AJAX. Environment: Java, JFC Swing, J2EE, Java Script, JSP, JDBC, AJAX, XML, JUnit, Servlets, Spring, Hibernat, Tomcat Web Server, Oracle, Web logic Server, Xpath, UNIX, Windows. Client: OCBC Bank, Hyderabad, India (Aug 2018 - Aug 2021) Role: Java Full Stack Developer
Description: FAMOUS (Financial Advisory Made Outstanding, Useful, and simple) Envisaged to transform the current Auto ROME (AR) FNA module beyond compliance tool to an advisory tool and to re-define the end-to-end sales journey. Responsibilities:
Designing & development of entire validation service to perform data validations on the test cases built on the extracted, transformed, loaded data & working on Linux platform.
Developed Business objects using POJOs and data access layer using Hibernate framework.
Implemented Spring IOC for inter connection between modules in our application. Used React.JS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and data with server.
Implemented Spring IOC for Dependency Injection and to make the code loosely coupled and Spring AOP for logging purposes. Designed and developed microservices with Spring Boot 2.0 and Spring REST.
Written Test cases using JUnit to validate the application flows in different scenarios in the standalone application.
Changing the AWS infrastructure Elastic Beanstalk to Docker with Kubernetes.
Create a new JAVA console application to extract, transform and load (ETL) JSON file data into legacy and new SQL Server tables. Worked on Java 8 Lambda expressions and Pipelines, Streams.
Experience in handling messaging services using Apache Kafka implemented Micro services architecture to make ap- plication smaller and independent REST web services using Jersey with the enabled OAUTH.
Used Java Servlets, JSPs, AJAX, XML, HTML and CSS for developing the Web component of the application.
Developed the functionalities using Agile Methodology. Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery AJAX, Bootstrap, AngularJS, EXTJS, Nodejs, Agile(SCRUM), Spring Boot, Hibernate, DynamoDB, Docker, Terraform, Nginx, GIT, JUnit, Maven, Restful, JAX-RS, Log4J, AWS, Swagger, Microservices, JIRA, Jenkins.
Client: Hallmark Services Corporation, Hyderabad, India (Jun 2015 - Aug 2018) Role: Java Developer
Description: Hallmark Cards are retail chain with a focus on gifts for all occasions, ornaments, and greeting cards. Worked and developed web pages to show the sales and items on the Management application. Responsibilities:
Involved in designing the user interfaces using Struts Tiles Framework, HTML, and JSP. Designed the Front-end screens using JSF, HTML, CSS. Involved in implementing jQuery for providing interactive user interfaces.
Used Web services, Web Processing Service (WPS), BPEL, and REST extensively for Operations module, technologies SOA, SOAP, MTOM, TCPIP, TLS, PKI, WSDL, SAML, XSD, Xpath, JMS, and MDB are also used.
Worked in integrating JMS with SPRING BOOT by providing an instance which is embedded with Active MQ.
Implemented access control, Authorization and Oauth2 authentication using Spring Security.
Developed Single page application with Angular 8, DXP local component, HTML, CSS5, and Typescript.
Expertise with unit testing & Test-Driven Development. Responsible for Spark streaming configuration based on type of Input Source Developing business logic using Scala. Developing traits and case classes etc.in Scala.
To meet scale and availability requirements, we selected Apache Cassandra for Cassandra's master less architecture, ability to scale horizontally easily and quickly to meet their growing data store needs.
Developed the application under J2EE Architecture using Spring, Struts, Hibernate, Servlets, Web logic and JSP.
Used jQuery to build accordion style content, drag and drop functionality, calendar, popup and modal windows. Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular JS 2/4, Express JS, Node JS, Angular Materials 2, Responsive Design, DOM, XML, XSLT, JSON, IntelliJ, Chrome, SOAP, agile and Mac OS Sierra, Jira, Kanban board.
Contact this candidate