ABHILASH KOLASANI Full Stack Developer
+1-217-***-**** ad4k4w@r.postjobfree.com Linkedin Denver, CO
SUMMARY
Full Stack Developer with six years of practical experience, specialized in implementing RESTful web services within a microservice architecture. Skillset encompasses utilizing Java, Spring Boot, Angular, and Oracle technologies to create solutions. Excellence lies in ensuring smooth execution of projects within Agile environments, facilitating seamless delivery.

Foundational knowledge of Python and Flask framework and Large Language Models like LangChain.
Good understanding of Graph databases like Neo4J and retrieving data using Cypher Query Language.

EXPERIENCE

Senior Analyst Denver, CO
Apps Consultants Inc April, 2023

Engineered a cutting-edge financial data management application to streamline General Ledger and Sub Ledger data, resulting in 40% faster data retrieval and processing times for 200+ users.
Constructed a modular application framework by integrating Spring Boot, and Spring Security to fortify security, enhance modularity, and ensure long-term maintainability.
With an intuitive and responsive user interface built leveraging Angular 12, decreased the bounce rate by 40% and a 25% increase in user engagement metrics.
For reliable message queuing and to ensure seamless communication used ActiveMQ and Master-Slave topology for high availability.
Ensured consistent deployment across different environments by making use of Docker.
Implemented CI/CD pipelines in Bamboo, orchestrating automated build, test, and deployment processes to accelerate software delivery.

Senior Analyst San Antonio, TX
EY March, 2021 – March, 2023

A sophisticated UI for files and folder storage application for uploading, organizing and sharing for over 5000 users which resulted in 40% increase in user retention and a 25% decrease in storage errors.
Created batch jobs with Spring Batch, defining steps, readers, processors, writers and chunk-oriented processing, resulting in 40% increase in data processing.
Employed Spring Cloud Gateway for routing, Spring Eureka for service discovery and registration and Spring Config Server for centralized configuration management.
Simplified application security with the help of token-based authentication mechanisms such as JWT.
Integrated Kafka to enable real-time notifications for document sharing activities and reducing notification latency by 60%.
Eliminated majority of the vulnerabilities and conducted code quality analysis to reduce code duplication by 40% and improve code coverage by 20% using SonarQube and Checkmarx.
Conceptualized Docker for containerizing the application, ensuring consistency and portability across PCF environments and deploying on Cloud Foundry.

Java Developer Iselin, NJ
ReqHire April, 2020 – February, 2021

Leveraged Spring Boot capabilities in developing a web application and Swagger for API documentation.
Implemented Spring AOP and Spring Actuator to enhance application stability and performance, resulting in a 20% reduction in error rates along with monitoring capabilities.
Incorporated Spring Data JPA in conjunction with Hibernate for streamlined database access and entity mapping, simplifying data manipulation and retrieval.
Addressed code reliability and easier debugging with Test-Driven Development (TDD) principles by writing comprehensive unit tests in Mockito, resulting in 25% decrease in bug reports.
Increased performance and responsiveness through asynchronous programming by offloading time-consuming tasks to background processes using ActiveMQ.
Hands-on experience with writing stored procedures to provide real-time financial data visualization, analysis, and reporting capabilities to end-users, enhancing data processing speed by 40%.
Launched the application on AWS EC2 instances, capitalizing on the scalability and flexibility of cloud infrastructure while reducing expenses by 30% through the use of AWS reserved instances.

Java Developer Hyderabad, INDIA
GlobalLogic May, 2013 – December, 2015

Performed CRUD operations on RESTful web services using JAX-RS, providing a standardized approach for interacting with data.
Wrote JUnit tests to validate code functionality and leading to a 20% increase in software quality.
Developed an interactive user interface with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript that seamlessly integrated with backend systems, leading to a 30% improvement in site navigation and a 20% boost in user retention.
Orchestrated successful integration with Oracle database, developing database schemas and enhancing SQL queries, accelerated data processing by 30%, leading to better system efficiency and elevated user satisfaction.
Minimized network overhead by 40% and encapsulated business logic with stored procedures.
Automated builds, tests, and deployments in Jenkins for faster release cycles and managed deployment processes, monitored application health for optimal system performance.

EDUCATION
Masters in Information Technology Management
Campbellsville University March, 2019 – February, 2020

SKILLS
Client-Side: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular, Bootstrap
Server-Side: Java, JEE, Spring Boot, Hibernate, JWT, ActiveMQ, Kafka, Maven, Gradle, JUnit, Mockito, SQL, Oracle, MySQL, Noe4J
Tools & Platforms: Git, GitLab, Azure Repos, Bamboo, Jenkins, SonarQube, Checkmarx, Apache Tomcat, Docker, AWS EC2, Cloud Foundry, IntelliJ, VSCode, SQL Developer, Postman
Contact this candidate