Sowmya Namala
ad4nwo@r.postjobfree.com 945-***-**** https://www.linkedin.com/in/sowmya-namala-4a5519139/ Software development professional with 2.5 years of experience and currently pursuing a master’s in computer science at the University of North Texas. Proficient in various programming languages and technologies, eager to contribute to innovative projects. Seeking a role that requires expertise in .NET development, SQL databases, web applications, and client/server applications.
Education
University of North Texas Denton, TX
Master of Computer Science Jan 2023 - Aug 2024
Coursework: Software Engineering, Machine Learning, NLP, Algorithms, FDB, Information Retrieval. National Institute of Technology, Warangal Warangal, India Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science & Engineering Aug 2016 - May 2020 Coursework: Database Management, Algorithms, Object Oriented Programming, Data Structures, Operating Systems. Skills
Programming: C#, Java Script, Python, Angular, C, C++, Java, HTML5, CSS, MVC, MS SQL, React Software: MVC, SoapUI, Postman, Git, REST API, Visual Studio, Jmeter, Junit, Jenkins, SQL Server Operating Systems: windows, unix, linux
Experience
SOFTWARE ENGINEER Hyderabad, India
JP Morgan Chase Aug 2020 - Jan 2023
Tech: Javascript/CSS, C# .NET CORE, Java, JQuery, Spring boot, WPF, WCF, SQL Databases, WebAPI
Spearheaded improvements in telemetry and automation of branch devices across Chase branches, ensuring successful dispatching to vendors and tracking responses.
Developed a robust alert reporting and tracking system to monitor and address health check issues and crash incidents in the production environment.
Led the development of Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline scripts to ensure code quality and facilitate continuous delivery of software.
Managed the migration of various jobs, and PowerShell scripts, and stored procedures from SQL Databases to Java, aligning with the company’s transition to public cloud infrastructure in AWS (Amazon Web Services).
SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT INTERN Hyderabad, India
Chronus Software May 2019 - July 2019
Incorporated agile methodologies and utilized the Ruby on Rails technology stack to seamlessly integrate Mentor Recommendation enhancements.
Developed a Proof of Concept (POC) project focused on implementing Formality Classification of Data using advanced Deep Learning algorithms.
Projects
Image Captioning Python, CNN, RNN, Keras, Tensorflow
Implemented an Image Captioning project involving the utilization of Convolutional Neural Networks
(CNNs) and Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) with Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) models. The innovative project entailed feature extraction using CNNs and text generation using LSTMs. This combination of deep learning models allowed for the generation of descriptive captions for images. Multi Label Classification of Tweets using CNN Python, Keras, CNN, NLP
Developed a machine learning model for multilabel tweet classification using advanced word embeddings and optimized accuracy and efficiency through Binary Particle Swarm Optimization
(BPSO) on a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture. Online Exam Registration Website PHP, HTML, CSS
Developed an online portal for exam registration as part of a Software Engineering Course project, responsible for backend development using PHP and frontend design with HTML.
Contact this candidate