Aravind
Full Stack .Net Developer Contact: 334-***-**** Email: ad5139@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Around 8 years of experience in NET frameworks (6.0/5.0/4.0/3.5/2.0/1.0) ASP.NET (4.0/3.5/3.0/2.0/1.0), MVC 2, 3, 4.5&5, XML, SQL database Server (2008/2005/2000), C#, VB.net, HTML5, MongoDB, Web Services, CSS3, Oracle SQL developer, JSON and XSL.
Experience upgrading classic ASP and .NET 1.1 applications, developing e-commerce applications,
Followed Agile Methodology for software development.
Building and updating websites using Kendo UI /Telerik, ASP.NET and VB.NET.
Experienced in utilizing the new integrated features of ASP.NET versions like Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) and silver light extensively and developed new multimedia pages.
Worked on Text, HTML, Articles, Links, and Forms Module of DOT NET Nuke
Used HTML, JavaScript, Angular JS, and CSS in developing user interface.
Hands on experience in creating Stored Procedure, Views, Triggers, User Defined Functions, DTS, Transaction Management, T-SQL, Code optimization and performance.
Have knowledge in SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL server integration services (SSIS) and
SQL server analysis services (SSAS)
Have ample experience in developing Crystal Reports for report generation and integrating into .NET
applications.
Good experience in Continuous integration used to check code in the source control server.
Expert in designing reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and Excel Pivot table based on
OLAP cubes.
Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using AJAX, JavaScript, and AngularJS
Developed custom SharePoint sites with custom Telerik MVC components to meet client's needs. Used Windows form to write rich client applications for Pc &etc.,
Expertise Multithreading techniques for creating high performance applications.
Used RESTful API's, the angular component makes an AJAX call to these API’s.
Designed dynamic and multi-browser compatible pages using HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, JavaScript, Angular Js, Require Js and UI.
Worked closely with network team on load balancing EDI transaction processing and giving
suggestions on creating diﬀerent hosts and clustered environment.
Analyze content and quality of EDI databases, Perform basic database administration during development. Used Biz talk tools to map the Schemas, configure the ports. Developed over all System architecture and Message ﬂow using BizTalk and ESB.
Extensive experience in SQL Server databases
Extensive experience in the design and development of N-tier Client Server application architecture WPF. Experience with TEAM FOUNDATION SERVER to add solutions and projects to a team project, Using C#, ASP.NET, Silverlight (5.0/4.0), XML.

Diverse experience in all phases of software development life cycle (SDLC) especially in Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Deploying of applications.
Expertise knowledge on Object Oriented Programming (OOPS) Concepts including Inheritance,
Abstraction, Encapsulation and Polymorphism.
Developed Internet/Intranet based applications with ASP.NET, XML/HTML, JavaScript, CSS, MongoDB, XSL Stack (XSLT, XPATH, and XSLT-FO), and Master pages, JQuery, Knockout JS and Angular Js, Experience in a fast-paced Agile / Scrum environment, Integrated Kendo framework controls to support HTML5 Controls.
Extensively used the telerik controls (UI) for user interface components and interactions.
Design, configure and manage the Microsoft Dynamics CRM Application.
Proficient in building Web Services using SOAP Protocol and Expertise in consuming and publishing Web Services & Web Server Controls, Proficiency with developing Restful API
Worked with test driven development for testing modules that are built into this continuous
integration development model. Hands on Web API, WPF, Azure/Cloud, Silverlight and Microsoft Dynamics CRM.
Proficient in implementing connected and disconnected architectures of ADO.NET by using classes
like Data Adapter, Dataset, and Data Reader etc.
Developed a hierarchy of controllers, with generic interfaces, and default implementations, exposed as RESTful Web services, with Chart Specific parameters passed as query string.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

.NET Technologies:

Visual C#.NET, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, Web Services, .NET Framework 1.1/2.0/3.0/3.5/4.0, ADO.NET, LINQ, WPF, WCF, MVC (3.0,4.0)
Practices:
Test Driven Development, UML, OOPS and SCRUM

Web & Scripting Technologies:
ASP.NET, Web Services, Web Forms, Win Forms, AJAX, AJAX toolkit, HTML/ DHTML, XHTML, XML, XSLT, XAML, JavaScript, CSS, IIS 5.0/6.0/7,
Expression Blend 3.0/4.0
Database:
SQL Server 2005/2008/2008/2016 R2, MySQL, Oracle, SQL

Tools:
MS Visio, MS Project Management, MS Office, Macromedia Dreamweaver, SSIS, SSRS, Crystal reports, N-Unit, Re Sharper.

Software / IDE:
Visual Studio 6.0, Microsoft Visual Studio.NET 2005/2008/2010, 2013,1015,2022
OS/Methodologies:
Windows 2000/2003/NT/XP/Vista/98, UNIX, MS DOS

EDUCATION:

Master in Information Systems Auburn university Fall 2017

Bachelor’s in computer science JNTUH, INDIA, 2013

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Client: Fiserv, Omaha, NE Sep 2022- Till date
Role: C#.NET Developer
Responsibilities: Involved in full SDLC followed by Agile methodologies to produce high quality software model using CQRS architecture.
Designed and implemented Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) as a standard build and release process for all new .NET Core services. This process was built through Microsoft Azure DevOps, utilizing YAML Infrastructure as Code in three separate pipelines. One pipeline was created for running respective tasks for Pull Request builds, ran Unit tests, Integration tests, published testing reports, and pushed to package feeds such as NuGet and MyGet. One pipeline was created for releasing build artifacts to Azure App Services. One pipeline was created for releasing DACPAC artifacts to an Elastic Pool hosted in Azure SQL
Designed and created a C# .NET Core MicroService template to be utilized by other developers in
building new MicroServices. Created a service install process utilizing Nuke, PowerShell and Chocolatey to facilitate local installations of MicroServices. Implemented Trunk Based Development using Git for source control. Ensured that new packages created from build pipelines are published to My Get and NuGet feeds for other developers in the department to utilize. Implemented developer quality of life tools including logging through Azure Application Insight, Swagger for API endpoint testing and NSwag for automatic generation of client interfaces for calling the API. Integrated reverse engineering tools to automatically generate domain models utilized by Entity Framework Core for interacting with the database.
Solving problems, debugging, and optimizing code to ensure optimum performance and security.
Exceptional knowledge of the Microsoft development stack: .Net core, C#, .Net Framework 4.5+, T-SQL, JSON, MVC.
Created several applications using CQRS design pattern and Microservices architecture.
Developed function apps to generate next number service.
Provided detailed input to R&D team members regarding the technical feasibility of proposed designs, technical risks and potential mitigation strategies.
Delivered solutions in support of full life-cycle implementation of software products and systems
utilizing a structured, documented software development process.
Managing code internal quality and ensuring appropriate unit test coverage.
Determine optimal solutions for architecture, efficiency, maintainability and scalability in cooperation with developers and architects.
Performing full life cycle development, including researching available technical options for new
features.
Design and implementation for Authorization/Authentication services including standards such as OAuth.

Developed Data Service classes to connect and manipulate data using ADO.NET and C#.

Environment: .NET Framework 6.0, C#, ASP.NET MVC 3.0 Framework, WCF, Entity Framework 4.0, LINQ, jQuery, MongoDB, AJAX, HTML, CSS, XML, IIS 7.0, SQL Server 2008, Visual Studio 2022, Azure Devops

Client : Metropolitan Utilities District, Omaha, NE Mar’21-Sep’22 Role : .Net Developer
Project Description: Comerica Bank provides a wide range of services that can make banking easier and more convenient than other finance-related services for its customers. The online banking system development helps customers in accessing their accounts and provides online transaction services. The system allows users to trace account history, pay bills and apply for loans. Customers can also change their personal information and order checks online through this service.
Responsibilities:

•Involved in designing and documenting online banking UI module using UML tools.
•Used waterfall model to develop the whole application.
•Experience In using Kendo UI/ telerik and boot strap framework to build responsive web pages, involved in writing application level code to interact with Web API.
•Cloud Architect responsible for Software-as-a-Service (SAAS) and Platform-as-a-Service (PAAS)solution design, Using JIRA get the data from JSON Library, Used MVC architecture for client server interaction.
•Developed and consumed Web Services to extract information from the database and other services, Used AngularJS for Web Applications.
•Created various Web forms for user login, account summary, loan applications and history pages using ASP.Net, Worked with MVC/MVVM Pattern.
•Used various advanced Server Controls and developed Custom Controls.
•Implemented form-based authentication and maintained Session State information throughout the web transaction.
•Used WEB SECURITY for Authentication as well authorization. Implemented server-side business logic using C#, Implemented Client and Server-side validations using JavaScript and ASP.Net validation control, XML, XSLT, Worked with Oracle ADF 11g Architecture, JDeveloper, Microsoft Dynamics CRM & Oracle ADF Development Web Services
•Used TFS server for source code management, Configured the WebConﬁg file for Session Management and trace, Used HTML, DHTML and CSS for developing Web Pages, Designed CSS aiming for a rich personalization of server-side controls.
•Provided database connectivity using ADO.Net and created procedures, Indexes and Triggers using MS SQL Server 2008, Used T-SQL to examine the database information, Used Data Adapters and Datasets of ADO.Net to manipulate data in the SQL server database, extensively used Data grids and Data lists to display account summary, loan history and other information on the web pages, Performed functional testing on various developed modules.
•Involved in generating and exporting SSRS reports, Used for the source & document version control.

Environment: .Net Framework 4.0, Visual Studio 2008, ASP.Net, C#, Web services, ADO.Net, MVC, XML, HTML, DHTML, JavaScript, MongoDB, Webforms, SQL Server 2008, T-SQL, WPF, CSS, UML, IIS, Visual Source Safe, LINQ

Client: MAXUM specialty insurance, Alpharetta, GA Jan 20-Feb 21 Role: .NET Web Application Developer
Project Description: This is a web-based application for managing the employees of the organization. It also has the meeting feature which helps in announcing the meetings and seminars. This application also allows discussion online regarding the project status.
Responsibilities:

•Involved in Design, Development and Testing of Web Forms and Web Services using IIS 7.0, ASP.NET, XML, and ADO.NET.
•C#.NET is used to program business logic including Code-behind files and Classes in the middle tier, GUI of both modules is developed using HTML, .NET Controls and C#.
•Extensively worked on Creating, Transmitting and ConsumingWCFand Web Services.
•Implemented DAL using ADO .Net components like Data Set, Data Provider, and Data Reader to store and retrieve database information.
•Performed database operations on SQL Server 2008 to create and maintain customer’s information by creating SQL queries, stored procedures, functions, and views.
•Developed the company’s key service modules in ASP.NET using .NET Framework 4.0, Extensively used AJAX control toolkit in creating efficient and responsive banking application, Used JavaScript and .NET Validation Controls for performing client-side validations.
•Designed aMaster Page and used CSS to provide a consistent look and feel of inherited web pages, State Management Techniques are used to maintain state at control level using View State and at application level using Sessions.
•Implemented Banking Security Features using ASP.NET Login Controls, Personalization, Membership, Authentication and Authorization.
•Used SMTP mail classes of .NET to enable customers in receiving mails with suggestions, alerts from the bank, confirmation, and notifications.
•Used AJAX to control the Post back event, thus enhancing the web server performance.
•Created documentation to verify that it meets the requirement of the design documents. Environment: .NET Framework 4.0, Visual Studio .Net 2008, IIS 6.0, C#, .NET, ASP.NET ADO .NET, HTML, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript, WCF, Web Services, SQL Server 2008, SSRS, XML.

Client: State of Florida, FL jan18-Dec 19

Role: .Net Developer

Project Description: This is a web application which manages all the inventory of a pharmaceutical company and has an additional advantage of listing the most purchased medicines and can give that data to any health care center to analyze the frequently occurring cases and use that data in research process.
Responsibilities:

•Used N-tier architecture for presentation, business and data layers.
•Used ASP.NET login controls like Create user wizard, login, change password, etc.
•Extensively used ASP.NET controls for developing the UI, Used C#.NET in writing Business classes
and Data Access layer methods.
•Developed Web services for implementing the business logic, Designed Class and use case diagrams using MS Visio. A Web service is published as per the business requirements.
•Involved in using MVC pattern for the UI development, Attended the code review sessions and have given presentations, involved in writing stored procedures using SQL Server 2008, Used the ADO.NET SQL Client Objects like SQL Connection, SQL Command, Sql Data Reader and Sql Data Adapter and Dataset object in the Data Access Layer to fetch the data from the SQL Server 2008 database.
•Involved in creating Views, Stored Procedures and Triggers and calling them from the Data Access Layer, Designed ER diagrams for the application, performed unit testing and functional testing and fixed the issues occurred during testing process.
•Involved in designing, updating the application as required, Deployed the application on test and production servers, involved in support and maintenance, Developed code documents and user document.

Environment: .NET Framework 3.5, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, C#, Web Services, SQL Server 2008, MS Visio, UML, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, jQuery

Client: Ranbaxy, Hyderabad Jan 14-Sep 15

Role: .Net Developer

Project Description: Ranbaxy Laboratories Limited (Ranbaxy), India's largest pharmaceutical company, is an integrated, research based, international pharmaceutical company, producing a wide range of quality, aﬀordable generic medicines, trusted by healthcare professionals and patients across geographies. Ranbaxy today has a presence in 23 of the top 25 pharmaceutical markets of the world.

Responsibilities:

•Involved in design and development of user interfaces using ASP.NET, AJAX, HTML and CSS, implemented role-based security model to control user access to the application, Designed and developed custom web controls for data binding to client applications via XML and the .NET Datasets.
•Designed and developed Web forms using ASP.NET Server Controls, Data Grids, user controls for reusability. Used ASP.Net Validation control for validating user inputs at server side, Created Views, stored Procedures, SQL queries and implemented ADO.NET to insert, update, delete and select data from database.
•Involved in testing, debugging and implementation, involved in development and documentation of the project using Waterfall methodology.
•Designed and developed web pages using ASP.Net, JavaScript, HTML and CSS.

•Assigned permission and roles based on the hierarchical position of user using ASP.Net authorization, created dynamic web pages for generating dynamic tables. Created Authenticated logins and validated permissions.
•Used Data Grid, Data List to populate data from database. Involved in Debugging and Testing of the application.
.
Environment: Visual Studio 2005, ASP.NET, Microsoft .NET Framework 3.0, Web Services, ADO.NET, JavaScript, AJAX, SQL server 2005, Windows XP Pro, IIS, CSS, XML, VSS.
Contact this candidate