David Gilden MCSD
Microsoft Certified Professional ID: 3230509
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidgilden/

SUMMARY

Experienced software developer with over fifteen years of web related industry experience.
Extensive experience in C#, ASP.Net (Webforms & MVC), VB.NET, T-SQL (Microsoft SQL Server),
HTML5, CSS3, User Interface/Visual Design. Adept at translating design requirements into
functional products (development, testing and deployment). Proficient with web site and
application design and development using a wide range of software on both Macintosh
and Windows platforms. Proven ability to demonstrate advanced technical abilities,
strong work ethic and effective communication skills.

PROFESSIONAL TRAINING & CERTIFICATIONS

Microsoft Certified Solution Developer (MCSD)
·Analyzing Requirements and Defining Microsoft .Net Solution Architectures (70-300), 2005
·C# .Net (7 0-315 ASP.Net Web Applications), 2005
·VB.Net (70-310 XML / Web Services), 2005
·VB.Net (70-306 Windows apps), 2004
·SQL Server 2000 (70-229 Implementing SQL Server 2000), 2004

Professional Training: MUMPS Programming Language
ESI Technology Corporation, 2003

Certification in Web Programming
University of Illinois, 2002

COMPUTER Languages
Microsoft C#, VB.NET, LINQ, Entity Framework, ADO, WCF, WPF, ASP .Net (WebFoms) / MVC / Classic,
T-SQL, PLSQL, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, PHP, PERL, XML, XLST, Regular Expressions, Splunk

Development Software
Visual Studio 2003 - 2019, Visual Studio Team System 2005 / 2008 / 2012, VS Code
Fiddler, Telerik RadControls, Infragistics .Net Advantage, JetBrains Dot Net Peak,
ReSharper Dev Express Code Rush, IBM iNavigator, Postman, Splunk

Database
Microsoft SQL Server 2000 - 2014, SQL Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Red Gate tools (SQL Prompt), Oracle (Toad), MySQL, DB2

Professional Work Experience

BNSF Railway January 2, 2024 - March 1, 2024
VB.Net/ Webforms Developer - contract
oRescued existing project after previous employee was terminated.
oResearched existing source code and assorted backups folders to determine
what was deployed to the Production Web Server.
oCreated GIT Repo for codebase.
oResolved bugs and updated existing code to meet business requirements.
oProvided cross-training so that code could be maintained.
oContract ended to budgetary constraints.

Geographic Solutions April 17, 2023 - July 15, 2023
.Net/SQL Developer - contract
oModified exiting SSRS reports,
oRefactored dynamic SQL queries in legacy stored procedures.
oUpdated existing stored procedures to meet new business requirements.
oWrote new C# .Net code to include a disclaimer message in PDF and Excel data export.
oRefactored C# code used by internal application notification system.
oParticipated in weekly code review and mentoring sessions.

Bank Of America September 9 2022 - January 1, 2023
.Net Developer - contract
oAnalyze existing ASP classic code and database queries.
oWork with end users to determine business requirements.
oCreate new Razor pages using ASP .Net MVC and Bootstrap.
oMigrate inline queries to Web API utilizing C# and Toad / DB2.
oParticipated in daily Scrum meetings and code reviews.

Brinks Inc. March 7 2022 - September 1, 2022
.Net Developer - full-time
oMember of iTrack support team.
oArchitected and coded new iTrack audit modules using C# and T-SQL.
oCreated SQL Server stored procedures that were used by audit project
oAdding logging for audit modules application.
oDesigned SSIS ETL Data Sync Process
oParticipated in application deployment.

JP Morgan Chase February 22, 2021 - March 2022
Full-Stack .Net Developer - full-time
oMember of ETF support team.
oAdded new functionally to internal ETF applications.
oAdding logging for legacy application.
oParticipated in application testing.

National Bankruptcy Services February 17, 2020 - March 20, 2020
Full-Stack .Net Developer - contract
oMember of an agile project team that supported internal business units
oAnalyzed CSV and other data formats from external financial partners
oWrote code to parse these flat files in a variety text formats.
oMentored development team on using Regular Expressions.
oContract suspended prematurely due to Covid-19

NCR April 8, 2019 – July 10 2019
Full-Stack .Net / Splunk Developer - contract
·Member of Connected Payment Team
oConfigured Aloha POS to run on locally on Windows 10.
oResearched log files for Aloha POS system.
oWorked with Splunk to analyze log files.
oFixed bug by adding guard clauses using C# in Aloha POS Open EPS module.

Talus Pay October 2018 - January 18 2019
Full-Stack .Net/SQL Developer - contract
·Automated Business Processes
oResearched a cost effective scheduled FTP solution. Installed, configured and documented business requirement that VanDyke Secure FX FTP software meet.
oCreated new DTS / SSIS packages to send CSV files via email to senior staff and managers.
oAutomated ‘month end’ financial process using SQL Server Agent Jobs and stored procedures to run a DTS / SSIS package on the first five business days of each month.
oCreated DTS / SSIS package with new stored procedures to pull data for daily import integration with HubSpot.

·Application Maintenance
oAdded CVS Export functionally to an existing classic ASP web page.

Cornerstone Health Group May 2018 - June 2018
Full-Stack .Net Developer - contract
·Analyzed pharmacy web application, looked for ways to speed up application response time.
oCreated stored procedures in DB2 Mainframe based off the original dynamic queries
in SQL Server.
oUpdated the HTML and CSS as needed.
oRefactored C# code time and fix bugs and overall poor architecture

·Capital Expense Request
oUpdated the code repository, files were missing from the last developer’s code check in.
oActively fixing poorly implemented ASP MVC project.
oIdentified and resolved issues with invalid data in SQL Server.

BNSF Railway May 2017 - October 2017
.Net Application Developer PTC Group - contract
·Developed Data Acquisition Web Application with Visual Studio 2017
oCreated a desktop like user experience leveraging Javascript and jQuery
with Telerik RadControls.
oDesigned Information architecture using advanced CSS and HTML
oMulti-Tier design (in C#) utilized WCF Web Service layer to isolate the front end
presentation layer from the database.
oWCF Ajax with jQuery allowed front end to connect the WCF Web Service layer to
return data from SQL server and Active Directory.
oCreated database schema and objects in SQL Server 2014.

·Refactored Data Analysis WinForm Application with Visual Studio 2017
oTook a 7 thousand line block of code in a Button Click Event
and broke it out in multiple methods and classes.
Facilitating code testability, maintainability, intelligibility and reuse.
oWindows Service was able to use the classes as a result of the refactoring.
oWrote Code to replace SQL server ‘Bulk Insert’ method with application code and TVP
oCreated stand along WinForm to test Regular Expressions in C#.

Daryl Flood Inc. May 2016 – March 2017
.Net Business Developer - full-time
·Rewrote Calendar Web Application using Visual Studio 2015
oWrote Javascript code and incorporated jQuery UI widgets
oFix bugs and added new features.
oRefactored SQL Server stored procedures and UDFs.
·Rewrote Warehouse Inventory Webform Application using Visual Studio 2015
oConverted VB.Net code 2.0 to C# 4.5.
oReplaced ADO with LINQ & Entity Framework 6.0 (for all CRUD data operations)
·Wrote ASP.Net solution that creates dynamic PDFs with embedded barcodes.
oBarcodes are truly dynamic and database data driven.
·Designed Financial Aging Report using Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
oCreated SQL Server stored procedures to aggregate data.
oBuilt report to create multiple workbooks when exported to Excel.
·Migrated Crystal Reports to SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)

Y Soft (North America) May 2014 – February 2016
.Net Application Developer - full-time
·Architected two distinct applications for an internal invoice report project.
oDeveloped Windows Service using Exchange web services to receive reports.
oUtilized RSA cryptography to verify report’s digital signature.
oImplemented database schema in SQL Server 2012.
oCreated stored procedures, user defined functions and other database objects.
oBuilt ASP.Net 4.5 webform application to track invoices and provide user administration.
oDesigned a ‘Single Page Application’ user experience using jQuery and JavaScript.
oConstructed a XSLT transform for report export from web page.
·Migrated legacy C# winform applications from .Net 2.0 to 4.5 using Visual Studio 2012
oFixed bugs and revised SQL queries and database access code to use ‘best practices’.
oResearched Installer options (InstallShield, WIX)

IT Consultant Contract(s) February 2006-May 2014

Indico Corporation
.Net Web Application Developer
·Upgraded existing record management applications using Visual Studio 2012.
oWrote new C# code and implemented new functionally for Document Upload module.
oAdded new JavaScript code and refectories existing code to use ‘best practices’.
oRevised HTML and CSS.
·Created Unit and Coded UI Test plans utilizing Team Foundation Server 2012
·Developed Windows Service and custom DLL to create data driven XML files.
oWrote WPF application to control this service and display Event Log messages.

Crosstex Energy
.Net Web Application Developer
·Gathered business requirements for a truck driver scheduling and management web application:
oCreated process diagrams in Visio.
oCreated documentation for application workflow.
oIdentify points of failure in existing code base where new code would be added.

Fidelity Investments
Team Lead / .Net Developer
·Was an integral part of a team of four webforms developers.
oMigrated two existing ASP.Net ‘web forms’ written in .Net 2.0 to .Net 4.0
oResolve complier warnings and errors. Refactored code to use new namespaces as required.
oDocumented application deployment issues for the client's server admin group.

Cash America
.Net Web Application Developer
·As part of the Cashlinx maintenance team:
oResearched business rules and integrated with the Q&A group to recreate and resolved software bugs as part of webform based applications.
oAssisted colleagues in working through complex use cases.
oUpdated Oracle database packages using Toad.
oWrote C# code for bug fixes and new requirements with Visual Studio 2010.
oDocumented work and testing done for migration to the Q&A group.
oLearned and used GitHub for version control.

McKesson
.Net Web Application Developer
·Managed several concurrent Webforms projects.
·Rewrote ASP.Net web applications incorporating ‘best practices’
·Upgraded web projects to Visual Studio 2010 VB.Net 3.5 and Telerik RAD Controls
·Replaced basic ‘drag & drop’ data source objects with programmatic versions.
·Added UI & back end data validation with error handling.
·Created and corrected T-SQL queries and database tables in SQL 2005
·Updated client side JavaScript with jQuery.

Range online Media
.Net Web Application Developer
·Built several User Controls in C#, ASP.NET
·Created framework for intraNet dashboard
oIncorporated LINQ & jQuery
oDynamically Loaded User Controls (.ascx)

BNSF Railway
VB.Net Web Application Developer

·Responsibilities ranged from code maintenance to new development for internal business units.
·Visual Studio Team System 2005 / 2008 VB.Net 2.0, ASP.NET
oBuilt apps using Microsoft XSD and ADO Datasets
oCoded requested enhancements and resolved bugs quickly in VB code
and at the database level (T-SQL)
·Infragistics .Net Advantage web controls 2008 V2
oWell versed with the use of the Webgrid control and AJAX Warp panel
oResearched Infragistics forums and worked with their support staff to maximize
projects under development.
oUpgraded older projects from 7.1 to 8.2
oResolved and documented bugs with Infragistics
·SQL Server 2005 (Database design / created queries and created stored procedures)
·SSIS 2005/2008 (DTS) SQL Server Integration Services
oCreated ETL packages to import and data from Excel into SQL Server
oLearned SSIS tool set on the job as needed and was able to provide timely turnaround when business end user emailed Excel data that needed to be imported
·Red Gate SQL Tool Set
oUsed for data migration and database schema synchronization.
·SQL 2005 Reporting Services
oCreated Reports using embedded sub-reports
oSupported and built (new) ASPX pages that used the .Net Report Viewer control utilizing a XSD as the data layer tied to SQL Server backend (wrote both ad-hoc queries and stored procedures)

Galactic LTD
ASP.Net Web Application Developer
·Web development and design for Galactic Meetings & Incentives.
oBuilt web sites using ASP.Net for both external clients and internal use.
·Web Dashboard for business and sales tracking
oCode written in C# .Net 2.0 with SQL Server 2005 database.
oProject used Telerik RadControls for ASP.Net 2.0
·Used Classic ASP for internal data conversion between SQL Server and office subsystems
·Created Flash Animation for client project.
·Created reports using SQL 2005 Reporting Services

PNM Resources
ASP.Net Web Application Developer
·Code maintenance, documentation and new web development for Texas New Mexico Power and
First Choice Power.
·Wrote custom code in C#, VB.Net 1.1 and ASP/.Net using Visual Studio 2003.
·ASP Classic bug fixes and changes as requested by business units.
·Wrote Web Services C# used by the TNMP marketing group.
·Wrote new modules in ASP VB.NET. As needed, existing modules were rewritten using correct syntax and best practices.
·SQL database scripts, created new database objects, data changes and other related data manipulation work. Work was done using Toad for Oracle and or SQL Plus.
·Incorporated CSS and JavaScript to provide new functionally and to resolve outstanding issues.
Contact this candidate