NIKHITHA KOMANDLA
ad56zm@r.postjobfree.com 315-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Java Full Stack Developer with 10+ Years of professional IT experience in Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, Optimization and Performance Tuning of Client/Server and web enabled business applications using OOPS, Core Java, J2EE technologies.
Experienced in building applications using Java, J2EE, JDBC, JUNIT, JNDI, JMS, Servlets, JSP, Java Beans, Spring MVC, JSF, JQuery, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, MYSQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, Hibernate, Adobe Flex 3.0/4.0, Action Script 3.0 and MXML.
Experience in working with AGILE, Waterfall Model methodologies, DevSecOps toolsets such as Jira, bitbucket and Jenkins.
Extensive work experience through all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) starting with project initiation, requirement gathering, requirement analysis, functional design, detail design, development and implementation of multi - tier enterprise, web based and distributed applications.
Good experience in developing web services using SOAP & RESTful web services using JSON as the data format and developing XSD schemas for XML (parsing, processing and design).
Proficient in application development using spring modules Spring-Core, Spring-MVC and Spring-Web.
Designed and developed J2EE MVC applications using Struts, Spring MVC and Spring Boot.
Hands-on experience in AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) such as creating users, groups, organizing IAM users to groups and assigning roles to groups.
Familiar working with Amazon web services like EC2, S3, IAM, Amazon Elastic Load Balancing, AWS Lambda, Cloud Watch and Route 53.
Experience with CI/CD tools such as Jenkins, GIT.
Experience in interacting with users, analyzing client business processes, documenting business requirements, performing design analysis and developing design specifications.
Configuring xml files for Hibernate and applied its Object Relational Mapping ORM to enable the data transactions between POJO and Oracle Database.
Expertise in development and deployment of multi-tiered web-based enterprise applications using J2EE technologies like Servlets, JSP, Hibernate, Spring, JDBC, JNDI, and Web services (SOAP and REST).
Troubleshoot various software issues using debugging process and coding techniques.
Good knowledge of RDBMS concepts and extensively worked with MYSQL, Oracle 11g/10g and PL/SQL.
Experienced in Version Control Systems such as GIT, SVN and used tracking tool JIRA.
Excellent communication, analytical and interpersonal skills and highly motivated team player with ability to work independently.
Possess excellent analytical and logical skills to solve technical issues.
Ability to handle multiple projects and assignments simultaneously and effectively in a cross-functional team environment
Capable of learning new technologies and adapt to a new environment quickly.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Programming Languages
JAVA, JavaScript, SQL, PL/SQL, XML.
Java APIs
JAVA, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, EJB, JNDI, JPA, ANT, JDBC, JMS, JAXB, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Spring AOP, Spring DAO, Spring Security, Spring Boot, Log4j.
Scripting Languages
Jython, JavaScript, TypeScript, jQuery
Web Technologies
HTML/HTML5, XML, CSS/CSS3, Bootstrap, JSP, Ajax, Angular 7
Web/App Servers
Glassfish 3.1.2, Apache Tomcat 5.x, JBoss 7.3.x
XML Technologies
XML, DOM Parser, XML Schema, XSL, HTML, XHTML, XSLT.

IDE
Eclipse, NetBeans, IntelliJ
Java Support Tools/API
Maven, Log4j, Jenkins, J-Unit, SOAP UI.
Version Management
SVN,Tortoise SVN, GitHub.
Databases
Oracle 10g/11g, PostgreSQL, MYSQL
Operating Systems
Windows, Unix, Linux (Red Hat).

ACADEMIC PROFILE:
Masters in Applied Computer Science Jan 2012-Aug 2013 Northwest Missouri State University GPA: 3.6 Graduation Date Aug 2013
Bachelors in Electronics and Communication May 2007-April 2011 Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University GPA: 3.67 Graduation Date April 2011

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:
Octo Group/IBM (Reston, VA)
Java Application Developer June 2020-Till date

Utilized object-oriented programming and Java for creating business logic along working with front-end of web application using HTML/CSS and JavaScript.
Experience in creating scripts using Jython to automate the generation of static content in web pages.
Enhanced application functionality by integrating new technologies and migrating data from legacy systems, optimized web application performance and extended the existing application solutions by incorporating new features to make end-users experience more reliable.
Responsible in designing and development of REST based API endpoints.
Designed and developed API with CRUD capabilities using SOAP.
Worked with Bootstrap migration on eOffer website from version 4 to version 5.
Supported delivery of multiple software releases to ensure on-time releases between business and technical teams.
Implemented the web-based application following the MVC architecture using Struts Framework and Spring Web MVC framework.
Experience working on web service environments, languages and formats such as RESTful APIs, SOAP, FTP/SFTP, HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, XML and JSON.
Developed Application under Agile Methodology which includes supporting both short and long-term planning, cross-functional support and demonstrating working software.
Worked with CI/CD pipelines including technologies such as Jenkins and GitHub.
Designed, configured and managed public/private cloud infrastructure utilizing AWS services including EC2, Elastic Container service(Docker container), S3, Amazon Simple DB, Amazon Elastic Load balancing, AWS Identity and access.
Successfully deployed and managed applications across AWS maximizing performance and scalability with cloud-specific services.
Integrated Amazon AWS (EC2/S3/EBS) for prototyping and evaluations.
Set up monitoring and alerting using AWS CloudWatch, configuring custom metrics, alarms and dashboards to resource utilization, application performance, system health and trigger automated responses to incidents.
Prepared builds, Deployed Software and Co-ordinated with the release management team to ensure that the proper process is followed during the release.
Reviewed pull requests and made contributions to ensure that clean code principles were properly followed.
Work on sprint teams using agile, rapid development in environment using Continuous integration and deployment techniques.
Strong relational database skills with Oracle, post and MySQL.

Environment: Java 1.7/1.8, SOAP, JavaScript, Spring MVC Framework, JBoss EAP 7.3.5, Apache Ant, Maven, Log4j, Jenkins, GitHub, SVN, JSF 2.0/2.3, Struts Framework, JAXB, jQuery, JSP, XML, HTML, HTML5, PostgreSQL, MYSQL, AWS, JUNIT, Jython, XML/XSLT, Linux, JDBC, Web-Services, Jenkins, Jira, JUnit framework, Eclipse IDE, SOAP UI, JDK 8.
CSSI Inc. (Washington, DC)
Software Developer Feb 2018- June 2020
Actively participated in development, testing, and documentation of software used to implement and support the FAA’s Voluntary Safety Action Programs (VSRPs) and other safety provider programs.
Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs.
Developed web pages using JSF, PrimeFaces, JavaScript and CSS.
Involved in deployment process of the application on the Glassfish.
Created views using components of PrimeFaces in XHTML files and configured JSF framework.
Involved in design and development of web interfaces and business logic using JSP, AJAX, JavaScript, HTML and XML Technologies.
Creating Hibernate DTO with DB (MySQL) mappings.
Used JavaScript, JQuery and Ajax API for intensive user operations and client-side validations.
Creating JQuery based AJAX implementation and client and server side validations.
Participated in code reviews with peers and managers to ensure that each increment comply with original vision as described in the user stories and architecture patterns as appropriate.
Used JAX-B parser for marshaling and un-marshaling.
Used Hibernate as Persistence framework mapping the ORM objects to table using Hibernate annotations.
Good Knowledge of professional software engineering practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.
Exceptional skills in Agile Development and Test Driven Development (TDD).
Good Experience in application of Object Oriented Design, analysis/design engineering functions and behavior-driven testing techniques.
Involved in creation of an automated build environment for application using Jenkins, SVN, Maven, and deployed JAR, WAR, EAR files.
Implemented the Project in AGILE based development Environment and participated in Daily standup meetings.
Used JIRA to assign, track, report and audit the issues in the application and developed the pom.xml using Maven for compiling the dependencies.
Ability to work within small collaborative teams of engineers, product managers, and QA testers.
Environment: Java 1.7, JavaScript, JSF 2.0/2.3, JAXB, JQuery 3.3.1, Spring Framework, Hibernate 5.3.1, Maven 3.1, Servlet 2.4, Glassfish 3.1.2, Richfaces, Prime Faces 3.3, CSS, JSON, SVN, JSP, XML, HTML, HTML5, MYSQL 8, Oracle 10.2, Linux, JDBC, Web-Services, Jenkins 2, SVN, JUnit framework, Eclipse IDE, SOAP UI, JDK 8.

Catapult International (KC, Kansas)
Java/J2EE Developer Nov 2013-Feb 2018
Actively participating in all the phases of the System Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Application was developed in SOA Architecture, MVC architecture using spring framework.
Used Spring Framework for Dependency injection and integrated with the Hibernate framework for interacting with the Oracle database.
Hibernate 3.0 was used for Object Relational Mapping. Hibernate Query language and the Hibernate Criteria Queries were used in the DAO layer.
Design and Implemented WSDL/SOAP Web Services to provide the interface to the various clients running on both Java and Non-Java applications.
Built UI for Admin module to modify customer accounts with JavaScript, AngularJS, HTML and CSS.
Identifying and implementation of different J2EE design patterns like Service Locator, Business Delegate, and Dao etc.
Participating to Assess and develop in both High-level and low-level system design requirements for project and communicate in writing or in meetings with the development team.
Preparation of the technical design documents including class diagrams, sequence diagrams, flow charts and process flow diagrams.
Used SOAP UI to test the Web services.
Developing UI pages using JSP, spring, Ajax, HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
Used various Java and J2EE APIs including JDBC, Servlets, JSP and XML
Performed Unit testing for modules using JUnit and prepared code documentation for future reference and upgrades.
Used Log4J components for logging. Perform daily monitoring of log files and resolve issues.
Developed SQL queries in Oracle to examine data on the database and to send reports to clients on the requested information.
Participated in developing Stored Procedures, Functions, and Packages using SQL.
Created and Modified existing functions and procedures based on business requirements.
Worked on Flex, Action Script for building Rich Internet Applications (RIA's) with Item Renderers, Menus, Tab Navigators, Form Controls and also Flex Styling.
Involved in production support, monitoring server and error logs and Foreseeing the Potential Issues, and escalating to the higher levels.
Worked in Agile environment with active scrum participation.
Environment: Core Java, Java beans, Spring Framework 2.5, Hibernate, Servlet 2.4, Adobe Flex Builder 3, Flex Unit 4.0, Flex Profiler, Flex 3.0/4.0, Action Script 3, CSS, JSON, SVN, JSP, XML, HTML, JQuery, PostgreSQL, Java Script, Oracle 10g, JDBC, Web-Services, JIRA, JUnit framework, Eclipse IDE, Hudson, SOAP UI, JDK 1.6/1.7.

Catapult International (KC, Kansas)
Software Developer Sep 2013 – Nov 2013
Assisted in maintaining and updating existing applications and modules.
Involved in preparing technical documentation for development of code.
Involved in mapping Java objects to database tables using JDBC, Hibernate and Java annotations.
Triaged defects after thorough analysis and investigation during system integration testing, quality analysis and user acceptance testing.
Involved in development of new command Objects and enhancement of existing command objects using Servlets and Core java.
Wrote and executed test cases based on written design, as well as based on product knowledge that resulted in greatly improving the software.
Researched and documented software bugs and created and implemented fix.
Extensively used DOM Parser to Parse the XML document.
Involved in entire life cycle development of the application through OOPS, Class, Multi-threading, Collections concepts.
Used Spring Framework, CL, and Glass Fish for development and deployment.
Developed APIs using SQL to interact with the oracle database.
Worked on web-based reporting system with HTML, JavaScript and JSP.
Wrote Python scripts to parse JSON documents and load the data in database.
Involved in gathering and analyzing system requirements.
Provide high-level customer support to remote clients using a support e-ticketing system.
Communicated all the required project needs to client and internal employer personnel to ensure quality and timely.
Evaluated and solved trouble tickets by coordinating with DBAs, Help Desk and my junior Java team.
Worked in Agile environment with active scrum participation.
Involved in Code reviews for other modules developed by peers.
Enhancing application performance through development and implementation of new features in the existing applications.
Performed technical tasks using both standard and nonstandard analysis, design, and programming methods and techniques.
Participated in weekly project meetings, updates and Provided Estimates for the assigned Tasks.
Environment: Java 1.6/1.7, Adobe Flex Builder 3, Flex Unit 4.0, Flex Profiler, Flex 3.0/4.0, Action Script 3, CSS, JSON, SVN, JUnit, Python 3.3, PostgreSQL, JavaScript, Eclipse 3.4, NetBeans 7.0/7.4 Restful Web Services.

Northwest Missouri State University
Lab-Assistant May 2012-Aug 2013
Provided tutoring opportunities to help students learn current material or teach new and useful concepts that are beyond the scope of the course.
Dispatched technological issues in the classroom, as well as assist students and faculty with technological issues as they arose.
Installed new software and/or new computers in classrooms while classes were not in session.
Graded various lab and homework assignments and provided valuable feedback to students.
Perform a variety of administrative tasks including preparation of Power Point presentations, data entry and analysis, web site development, collating marketing materials and presentations.
Provide assistance with event planning including supervision of undergraduate student workers.
Support departmental processes related student recruitment including contacting prospective students, creation of marketing materials, peer advising/mentoring, conducting campus tours and orientation activities, and delivery of presentations.
Facilitate projects in an office with other students, serve on short-term college project teams.
Supervise computer laboratory.
Helped students with computer hardware/software questions.
Maintained the computers, printers, and network in the labs.
Contact this candidate