StevenGlover
Las Vegas,Nevada,UnitedStates ad59cv@r.postjobfree.com 314-***-**** linkedin.com/in/steven062 SUMMARY
- - - - - Experienced dynamic, Possesses Experienced Proficient Adept at mentoring user-in strong cloud in Full friendly backend skills Stack technologies, junior in web Developer development frontend developers interfaces particularly technologies with with and and 11 fostering excelling a years AWS, robust such of Azure, in command collaborative expertise, as backend HTML, and Google of CSS, specializing architecture .NET efforts JavaScript, Cloud technologies to deliver Platform. in and backend and implementation. high-frameworks including development quality C# solutions like and React, .NET with across Core. Angular, .Net and the and full frontend development Vue.js. development. stack. Skilled in crafting SKILLS
.Typescript Google No-Bitbucket XML Python Microservices NET SQL Core Cloud Databases Platform ASP.Github Azure Material-Agile Angular Vue.GraphQL js NET Development UI MVC React Blazor DevOps Tailwind Scrum Restful Node.Jira js API CSS Javascript AWS SQL Docker VB.Kubernetes Apache Jenkins NET Databases Kafka CERTIFICATES
Software Engineer Certificate
HackerRank, Frontend Developer January 2024 (React) Certificate hackerrank.com/certificates/948c030bffda HackerRank, JavaScript January Certificate 2024 hackerrank.com/certificates/1070b0417da0 HackerRank, Python Certificate January 2024 hackerrank.com/certificates/24b45e0f2793 HackerRank, January 2024 hackerrank.com/certificates/9624e3dc1706 EXPERIENCE
Full Stack Developer
ALLSTARSIT - - - - - - - Led Collaborated Implemented Leveraged Mentored Proactively Developed backend junior cloud backend addressed development closely API developers services integrations APIs with critical using such frontend efforts, in production and as .Node.NET AWS leveraging optimized developers, backend js and and issues Azure Python development .system NET utilizing to for to ensure for scalable performance architect specific React, system best and Angular functionalities. robust practices. reliable reliability to enhance and and application scalable Tailwind and user December stability. systems. experiences. CSS deployment. to 2022 craft intuitive Present, and San visually Francisco, appealing California, interfaces. United States Full Stack Developer
Innowise - - - - - - - Spearheaded Designed Led Provided Contributed Implemented Utilized the Group development AWS guidance and to frontend and backend implemented the Google adoption and of services APIs support both Cloud dynamic using of frontend modern development, Platform to Python junior interfaces and frontend (developers, with GCP) backend focusing Flask/for to development improve scalable development fostering Django. on UI/user and UX practices their reliable engagement enhancements. progress. growth application and and tools and October development. satisfaction. for hosting. streamlined 2018 December workflows. 2022, St Petersburg, Florida, United States Full Stack Developer
BairesDev - - - - - - - Implemented Developed Leveraged Collaborated Actively Played Leveraged a participated key Material AWS polished role with backend and in backend UI delivering frontend Azure in to APIs code create for teams using reviews interfaces scalable frontend seamless .to NET ensure and and and solutions with and contributed reliable Python. smooth a visually focus aligned application integration on appealing to user-the with improvement centric project deployment. and user functionality design experiences. requirements of and development June usability. of frontend and 2014 client processes. October components. expectations. 2018, San Francisco, California, United States EDUCATION
Bachelor ComputerScience Florida Atlantic University 2014
Contact this candidate