David M. Gostin **** Gates Rd. Jamesville, NY ****8
315-***-****
ad5eig@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Full-Stack Web Application Developer with 25+ years of professional experience. Strength in backend technologies including: Database development and optimization using Oracle, MySQL, and PostgreSQL. Extensive experience with API and SQL development using PHP, Laravel and other MVC frameworks. Skilled with git/github and CI/CD. Good understanding of performance optimization from the server and OS level up to the application and database level. Skilled with Linux setup, configuration, networking and command line. Frontend skills including: JavaScript, jQuery, React and Bootstrap CSS. Skilled with Amazon EC2, RDS and S3.
SKILLS
PHP, Laravel, VsCode, Linux, Apache, Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, SSH, git, APIs, XML, JSON, Docker, HTML, Bash, CSS, SASS, Javascript, JQuery, React, Ajax, GIMP, AWS, Wordpress, Responsive Web Design
WORK EXPERIENCE
Full Stack Developer at Estound
August 2023 - December 2023
● Wordpress development on WPEngine. Mainly used Elementor along with shortcodes to implement functionality. Refactored existing codebase and added new features to the website. Developed API to interface with Recurly subscription service and to retrieve dental provider information. Skills utilized: ACF, Gravity Forms, PHP, MySQL, Javascript/jQuery and CSS. Full Stack Developer at Stream Companies
August 2022 - August 2023
● Maintain and upgrade marketing based applications used internally and externally. Using Laravel to rebuild the internal ERP system. Extensive use of Query Builder and Eloquent for data handling. API development to integrate with Netsuite, Workfront and Salesforce. Using AWS Codepipeline for CI/CD deployments. Environment includes Xampp, VsCode, Windows, WSL, PHP/Laravel, MySQL, Postgres, Ubuntu and git/github.
● Support AWS services including EC2, RDS, Route 53, S3, CodeBuild, Guard Duty and CloudWatch.
Full Stack Developer at IntuitSolutions
December 2021 - July 2022
● Supported Full Stack development of custom BigCommerce checkout applications (Ebizio and Chargify). General environment: Windows, WSL, Docker and VsCode. Front-end technologies: React, JSX, Typescript, Material UI and npm. Backend technologies: PHP
(Laravel based MVC framework), MySQL and JSON APIs. Using git and GitLab for source control.
Web Support Developer at I-tul
February 2021 - May 2021
● Supported websites for company clients. Added and updated content. Installed and configured plugins. Utilized a variety of both frontend and backend technologies to implement solutions. Worked with Wordpress and a variety of backend content management plugins. Worked with MVC based frameworks. Integrated with various third party services such as Paypal, Google and Facebook. Utilized skills in PHP, MySQL, Javascript/jQuery, CSS and Bootstrap. Ensured responsive website behavior.
Web Developer Contractor at Cybercoders (for Mower) January 2020 - August 2020
● Developed and maintained Wordpress based websites for a variety of customers. Gained experience in theme and plugin development, PHP, MySQL, jQuery, CSS, Sass, Responsive design, SVN, Git and Google Analytics.
Web Developer at Cornell Law School
November 2015 - May 2016
● Using the Drupal framework, helped maintain and upgrade the Cornell e-Rulemaking Initiative
(CeRI) online participation platform. Gained experience in Drupal, PhpStorm, Git / Bitbucket, Drush, SASS and JQuery.
IT Administrator at Critical Link LLC
June 2008 - August 2009
● Developed Web Applications for Intranet, Administered Company Email, Maintained File Servers/Routers, Installed and Maintained Desktop PCs, Administered Phone System. Web Support Developer at McClatchy Interactive (contractor) December 2007 - March 2008
● In an online news environment, utilized proprietary templating system to support customers with HTML, Javascript, CSS, Ajax, jQuery, JSON and XML. Web Application Developer at Cisco (contractor)
August 2006 - October 2006
● Developed web applications for lab users, admins and executives within the Cisco intranet using Apache, PHP, HTML, CSS and Oracle. These applications helped automate workflow within the lab environment.
Web/Database Application Developer at Sensis Corporation April 2004 - June 2006
● Developed numerous web applications for company intranet using Apache, PHP and Oracle. Optimized SQL queries and Oracle Databases. These applications helped automate operations within the business.
IT Consultant at Syranix LLC
February 2003 - April 2004
● Designed and installed networks, Developed web applications using PHP and MySQL, Supported users of Windows 98,2000 and XP Pro, Installed and configured Linux file servers, Installed and configured Apache web services for intranet use Network Administrator at Sensis Corporation
February 1991 - January 2003
● Installed network cables, hubs and switches, Built and repaired PCs, Supported PC users, Developed web applications, Developed databases, Designed Ethernet Networks, Administered Novell Netware (v3.12-v5.1) servers, Administered Unix (Linux and Solaris) servers.
Contact this candidate