Created with
Joseph Segbefia
ad658e@r.postjobfree.com +491********** LinkedIn Portfolio GitHub
Previous role Full Stack Developer at Hubtel
Technologies React, MongoDB, CSS, HTML, Node.js,
Postgres, REST API, JavaScript
Right now I'm learning...
Java and SpringBoot on Udemy with this course, Master Java, Spring 6 and Spring Boot 3 with JDBC, JPA,
Security, Docker and Microservices with Telusko and Codecademy
• Implemented efficient UI components that improved page load times by 15%, enhancing overall user experience.
• Designed and implemented RESTful APIs using Node.js and Express.js, resulting in a 30% decrease in API response times.
• Optimized database queries in MongoDB, reducing query execution time by 25% and enhancing application performance.
• Identified and resolved critical bugs in both frontend and backend code, resulting in a 40% decrease in production downtime.
• Defined technical requirements and project milestones by working closely with product managers and stakeholders to ensure alignment with business goals and customer needs.
• Collaborated with cross-functional teams, including UX/UI designers, QA engineers, and product owners, to deliver top-quality software solutions that meet user requirements and exceed performance expectations. Work experience
Full Stack Developer, Hubtel Oct 2023 - Feb 2024 (4m) React MongoDB CSS HTML Node.js Postgres REST API
• Designed and implemented RESTful APIs and microservices with Node.js, NoSQL (MongoDB), and Express.js for seamless integration with external systems.
Junior Full Stack Developer, getINNOtized Jun 2020 - Jun 2021 (1y) React MongoDB CSS HTML JavaScript Node.js Postgres REST API
• Developed and maintained responsive user interfaces for web applications using React.js, resulting in a 20% increase in user engagement metrics.
Education
Le Wagon Oct 2023 - Dec 2023 (2m)
Bootcamp Full Stack Web Development
• Gained proficiency with Ruby and Ruby on Rails, JavaScript Created with
IronHack Berlin May 2023 - Jul 2023 (2m)
Bootcamp Full Stack Web Development
• Gained hands-on experience with the MongoDB, ExpressJS, ReactJS, NodeJS JavaScript, HTML, CSS University Of Law, GISMA Business School Campus Oct 2020 - Dec 2021 (1y 2m) Post Graduate (81/100) Business Intelligence and Analytics
• Covered topics such as data-mining, data visualization, predictive analytics, and business Intelligence tools and technologies.
Snippets
Webweavrr www.webweavrr.com
Seamlessly create personalized portfolios, showcasing your projects, education, experience, and more. Stay organized by managing job applications with attached CVs and cover letter. Excitingly, AI integration is on the horizon, promising automated CV and cover letter creation. Start shaping your career journey effortlessly today.
TimeApp jtimeapp.netlify.app
This is a simple web application built with ReactJS, ExpressJS, NodeJS, & MongoDB to help you keep track of how much time you spend on an activity. Styled with semantic-ui.
Created with
In 3-5 years I want to be...
Over the next few years, I strive to become an integral part of a developer team, adept at mentoring new members and junior developers while also embracing leadership
opportunities.
Right now I'm learning...
Java and SpringBoot on Udemy with this course, Master Java, Spring 6 and Spring Boot 3 with JDBC, JPA, Security, Docker and Microservices with Telusko and Codecademy Interests
User Experience and User Interface Design, Data Science and Machine Learning
More about me
Contact this candidate