Danny Barajas
Full-Stack Developer
Work Authorization: U.S. Permanent Resident
AWS Developer Certified
Santa Ana, CA, USA
+1-657-***-****
ad66jq@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/danny-barajas
https://www.dannybarajas.com
Full-Stack Web Developer with 10+ years of experience in the whole software development life cycle providing IT solutions for private and public organizations, developing web applications using Python, Django, PHP, Laravel, JavaScript, ReactJS, PostgreSQL, HTML5, CSS, Docker, API, Microservices, Linux, Cloud Services
(AWS), Tests and excellent soft skills.
I developed more than 5+ big projects with thousands of happy users and a focus on process’ improvement and automation, building useful and innovative web applications. I consider myself a self-taught enthusiast, there have never been excuses when learning something new and I am in constant professional and intellectual development to continue growing with the evolutionary rhythm of my profession. I am always ready to give my best effort, as well as to take on new challenges. EXPERIENCE
Geophysics GPR International, Full Stack Developer — July, 2022 - Present
● Developing frontend website architecture.
● Designing user interactions on web pages.
● Developing back-end website applications.
● Designing and developing APIs.
● Meeting both technical and consumer needs.
● Seeing through a project from conception to finished product.
● Carrying out functional tests and unit tests.
● Administration and development of the Website.
● Deploy in Amazon Web Services (AWS) EC2, RDS.
● Lead the programming team.
Tech Stack: Python, Django, PostgreSQL, React.js, Nuxt.js, JavaScript, AWS, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, PHP, Laravel, Linux, Docker, Redis, MySQL, GIT, GitHub, Devops, Leadership. PRESIK Smart Technologies, Python Developer — January, 2022 - May, 2022
● Design and development of modules for the Tryton international software.
● Design and development of Websites using React.js
● Analysis and gathering of requirements.
● Database and server administration
Tech Stack: Python, PostgreSQL, ReactJS, FastAPI, HTML5, Bootstrap, CSS, JavaScript, Linux, GIT, Bitbucket.
NELIZ Engineering, Full Stack Developer — April, 2021 - June, 2022
● Development from scratch of a system for monitoring and managing the Development Plan of the Government of Santander (https://sigid.santander.gov.co )
● Teamwork and map management
● Design and implementation of the database in PostgreSQL
● Training and user support.
● Deploy to AWS Lightsail
Tech Stack: Django, Python, DJango Rest Framework, Open Street Map, GeoJSON, JavaScript, Leafet.js, AWS, PostgreSQL, Linux, API-REST, HTML5, GIT, GitHub. INVISBU, Full Stack Developer — June, 2016 - June, 2022
● Design and development of software solutions to meet the needs of users (citizens) and the company.
● Systematization of procedures creating the SIGAPI platform (www.sigapi.invisbu.gov.co)
● Carrying out functional tests and unit tests.
● Administration and development of the Website.
● Lead technology projects and purchases
● Technical support to employees and users.
● Management of Social Networks and Digital Marketing Tech Stack: Python, Django, PostgreSQL, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, PHP, Laravel, Wordpress, Linux, Windows Server, SQL Server, Wordpress, Joomla, MySQL, GIT, GitHub, Devops. Industrial University of Santander (UIS), Web Developer — November, 2011 - April 2016
● Development from scratch of a system to manage the reception and qualification of grade thesis at IPRED
(UIS) (https://ead.uis.edu.co)
● Administration and development of the Website.
● Design and implementation of the database in MySQL
● 50% reduction in response times in the degree thesis process
● Assembly and follow-up of courses in moodle.
Tech Stack: PHP, Laravel, Codeigniter, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, MySQL, Moodle. PROJECTS
- The world’s first and only Cloud-Based machine learning assisted MASW processing platform. https://masw.ai/
- HRH Workforce is a platform designed for human resources management and to offer employment opportunities to qualified professionals in the engineering and related fields who are interested in immigrating to Canada. https://www.hrhworkforce.com
- Quickrefrac1D :: Cloud-Based Platform for Geophysicists and Geoscientists https://quickrefrac.maia-geo.com/
- Streamlining of Procedures for Citizens of the city of Bucaramanga at the Institute of Social Interest Housing and Urban Reform of the Municipality of Bucaramanga (INVISBU). The ability to request the Certificate of Existence and Legal Representation entirely through a virtual platform, human resources management for the organization, Citizen Service Record (RAC), integrated quality management system, and MIPG (Public Management and Performance Evaluation Model) implementation. https://www.sigapi.invisbu.gov.co/
- Personal Website and Portafolio: https://dannybarajas.co/
- Personal Entrepreneurship: Tecnuly is an online store specializing in fruits, vegetables, and healthy products. https://tecnuly.com/
- Development of a system for tracking and managing the Development Plan of the Santander Governorate. https://sigid.santander.gov.co
- Platform for the management of students' Final Degree Projects at IPRED-UIS. It has been operational for over 8 years to date. Developed in CodeIgniter (PHP), JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and MySQL. https://ead.uis.edu.co
SKILLS
Programming Languages: Advanced: Python, HTML5, CSS, Intermediate: PHP, JavaScript, Frameworks and Tools: Advanced: Django, Django Rest Framework, Linux, Intermediate: Django Rest Framework, Laravel, ReactJS, Leafet.js, Wordpress, API-REST, Basic: Codeigniter, Joomla, Vue.js. Data Base: Advanced: PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite, Intermediate: SQLServer, Basic: MongoDB, Oracle. Agile: Scrum
Languages: Fluent: English (B2), Native: Spanish.
EDUCATION
Santander Technological Units (UTS) – Bucaramanga, Colombia. Software Engineering Santander Technological Units (UTS)– Colombia. Technologist In Development Of Software Industrial University of Santander (UIS) – Bucaramanga, Colombia. Computer Engineering National Learning Service (SENA) – Bucaramanga, Colombia. Bachelor of Technology, 2009 CERTIFICATIONS
AWS Certified Developer Associate. Amazon Web Services. 2024 AWS Cloud Practicioner. Amazon Web Services. 2023
Mision TIC 2022 - Sergio Arboleda University / MinTic. 600 Hours, 2022 Data Science for All– Correlation One / University of Rosario / EAFIT / MinTic / University of the North / University of Cartagena. 375 Hours, 2020.
Specialization Python for Everybody – University of Michigan, 2020. Django, Javascript, API REST, Git & GitHub, Docker courses. Platzi. 2022 Information Systems Interoperability through X-Road - National University / 120 hours, 2020 TIC Competencies Diploma in the thematic line of usable and accessible web design – Google Activate, 2018.
TIC Competencies Diploma in the thematic line of Management of Local Information Systems – Google Activate, 2015.
Contact this candidate