SUMMARY:
Over all * years of experience in designing, developing, and testing n - Tier Client/Server Web-based Applications using Microsoft .NET Framework and SQL Server with Agile and Waterfall Development Methodology.
Outstanding .NET Full-Stack Developer with proven expertise in all phases of SDLC.
Expert in Microsoft Technologies like C#, ASP.NET 5.0/4.5/4.0, MVC 5.0/4.0, Entity Framework 6.0/5.0/4.0, ADO.NET, SQL Server 2014/2012/2008 R2, WCF 4.5/4.0, Web API RESTful Services, IIS 7.0/6.0.
Expert in developing data layer using Entity Framework, ADO.NET, and LINQ.
Strong experience in creating and consuming RESTful and SOAP Web Services.
Strong experience in developing SQL queries, functions, stored procedures, triggers, and views.
Expert in RDBMS include SQL Server 2014/2012/2008 R2 and Oracle 11g.
Proficient in storing and exchanging data using XML and JSON formats.
Experience in designing and implementing Single Page Application with Angular.
Extensive experience in developing UI screens using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript.
Strong ability in Responsive Web Design using jQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap.
Experienced in ReactJS framework to develop the SPA.
Experienced in ReactJS and working with React Flux architecture.
Experience in using ReactJS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, and Flux concept.
Experience working with ES6 (ECMAScript 6).
Proven ability in reports development and business intelligence solution using SSRS and SSIS.
Excellent experience in OOPS and Design Patterns like Singleton, Factory, etc. & UML.
Experience in creating loosely coupled classes using Dependency Injection.
Experienced in MVC and MVVM design pattern.
Experience working with Azure console (Functions, App Service, Event Grids, AppInsights, SQL, CosmoDB, Azure Cache Redis, Key Vault, APIM, Storage Accounts, Resource Groups) and Azure DevOps (Boards, Repos, Pipelines, ARM Templates).
Strong experience in Test-driven development using MS Unit Testing and NUnit.
Knowledge of deploying and implementing Cloud solutions using Microsoft Azure.
Knowledge of using Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment (CI-CD) tools as Jenkins.
Experience in version control with Git & TFS 2015/2013/2012.
Experience in bug tracking, issue tracking using Jira.
Self-motivated team player with a passion for solving analytical problems and thirst for new technologies.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Programming Languages and .NET Technologies
C#, Web Forms, Win Forms, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, .Net Framework 1.1/2.0/3.0/3.5/4.0, SSIS, Silverlight, WPF, Web & WCF Services, Ajax, XML, XSLT HTML, DOM, FrontPage, XAML
Mark-up/Scripting Lang
JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, VBScript, HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, XML and XSLT
Packages
MS Office 2003/2007 & Visio, MS FrontPage, Dreamweaver, IIS 4.0/5.0/5.1/6.0/7.0
Database
Microsoft SQL Server 2017/ 2016/ 2014/ 2012/ 2010/ 2008/ 2005/ 2000, DB Vista, Microsoft Access, SSIS, DTS, Oracle.
Data Access/Middle Tier
ADO.NET, LINQ and EDM
Methodologies
SOA, Agile, Waterfall, OOPS, OOAD
Reporting Tools
Crystal Reports, Far Point Spread, ProEssentials GigaSoft Charts
IDE
Visual Studio 2017/ 2015/ 2013/ 2010/ 2008/ 2005.
Operating System
Windows9x/ XP/ Vista/ 2010/ 2008/ 2003/ 2000, Windows Server 2003

Education: Masters in cyber security and bachelors in computer science Mewar University

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH SERVICES, AZ – Jan 2022 to Till Date
Full Stack .NET Developer
Responsibilities:
Worked in Agile Scrum methodology and delivered accepted functionality in each sprint.
Played key role in feature implementation and enhancement, code refactoring and defect fixing.
Designed and developed Hybrid-Single Page Application using C# 5.0, .NET Framework 4.5, ASP.NET MVC 5, and AngularJS 16.
Consumed SOAP APIs from enterprise customer system and RESTful APIs provided by other applications in the portfolio, also created W&C RESTful APIs.
JavaScript knowledge, Agile/Scrum development, DevOps experience, Postman, Snap logic,
Experience working on AWS components like S3, SQS, Lambda etc.
Ability to write complex SQL queries
Create unit, integration tests for the implementation and support UAT by business teams Conduct unit testing Bring in automation across the lifecycle using the DevOps toolchain.
Bring in hands on experience from full stack development perspective on Microsoft Technologies
Experience working with business users to gather requirements and translate to technical specs
Participated in UI design with Master Pages in MVC 5 and improved layout with HTML5, Bootstrap, and CSS3.
Used AngularJS, JavaScript to develop templates, controllers, and directives.
Used Requires JavaScript library to dynamically load ASP.NET bundles.
Coordinate with dev manager and lead, test, release, operations and business teams through the lifecycle of implementation supporting agile/Devops/waterfall methodology and best practices
Developed web application using Angular MVC 6.0 Web API.
Widen the application reach to a global scale by designing, implementing and integrating a RESTful Service that interacted with API’s.
Used Math.net library to implement methods and algorithms for numerical computations.
Provided database connectivity using Entity Framework 6.0, LINQ, designed stored procedures and views at the back end.
Develop and maintenance AWS Lambda functions, SQS, S3, Redshift, DynamoDB, and RDS (SQL Server).
Using AWS Cognito to handle users for application access.
Contributed in data migration from Oracle DB to SQL Server using PL/SQL and T/SQL.
Generated data migration and transformation using SSIS, and built reports with SSRS.
Used OWIN interface to decouple server and application.
Used JSON web token to do user authentication and secure information exchange.
Using the Ninject for Dependency Injection to build a loosely coupled system.
Used Dapper for Object relational mapping (ORM).
Using a centralized internal API to handle data access into database between internal applications and handle external APIs outside network.
Created worker jobs to run automated processes in the background.
Used Repository and Factory design pattern to develop reusable code.
Designed unit testing module with NUnit to test the application performance and availability
Heavily involved in code review, build and deployment with GIT, Jenkins.
Environment: .NET Framework 4.5, Visual Studio 2015, C# 5.0, ASP.NET 4.5, MVC 5.0, Entity Framework 6.0, Web API 2, SQL Server 2014, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular 16, AJAX, IIS 7, LINQ, SSIS, SSRS, Git, Agile, Jenkins, NUnit

FIS, Princeton, NJ – Jul 2020 – Dec 2021
Full Stack .NET Developer
Responsibilities:
Developed Business Tier using C# 5.0 to implement classes and methods for business logic.
Designed, developed, and enhanced the application using .NET Framework 4.0 and MVC 4 .
Developed Razor views with strongly typed view models, helpers and partial views using ASP.NET MVC 4 to display required news and data on Dow-Sync’s Display section.
Develop AWS Lambda Functions using .net6.
Learn Dynatrace SDK to provide end to end traces, metrics, and logs between AWS Lambda Function and .Net Core applications.
Increased Security by using Data Annotation and Action Filters for Client-side and Server-side validations, authentication and authorization.
Developed a website by using ASP.NET MVC 6.0 Framework.
Used LINQ and Lambda Expressions to filter data received from the different API Calls.
Developed and consumed WCF Web Service to access data layer components.
Implemented and used Repository Pattern to decouple data access and business logic.
Used Dependency Injection to introduce a loosely coupled architecture and make the application more testable.
Used SignalR and JavaScript to manage real-time data and enhance real-time chat function for Messaging section
Worked on UI layer using Angular 13/14 HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap to build rich, flexible and user interactive web pages.
Consumed Web API RESTful for building Service-Oriented Application hosted by IIS 7.0.
Created WCF service using HTTP and SOAP protocol and maintained existing web services.
Used SQL Server 2014 as data repository, used LINQ to SQL together with Entity Framework 6.0 writing data access classes, stored procedures, triggers, views to capture and modify data.
Used Dow-Chat as prototype, designed and implemented functions of Messaging section.
Published and deployed Dow-Sync and services through Azure.
Use MSTest to design and develop phases of Test-Driven Development.
Worked based on Agile SDLC.
Used Git for version control across common source code used by developers.
Environment: .NET Framework 4.0, Visual Studio 2015, C# 5, ASP.NET 4.0, MVC 4, SignalR 2, ADO.NET, Entity Framework 6.0, SQL Server 2014, Oracle 11g, LINQ, RESTful API, WCF 4.0, HTML5, CSS3, Angular 13/14, AJAX, JQuery, Bootstrap, IIS 7.0, JSON, MSTest, Azure, Agile, Jenkins, TFS and Git

State of NY, New York, NY– Sep 2018 – Jun 2020
Full Stack.NET Developer
Responsibilities:
Coordinated with other technical teams, laboratory researchers, and biostatisticians to ensure compatibility with modules and applications.
Architected and implemented numerous backend web services using C#.NET.
Developed controllers and action methods for user interaction logic using C#.NET.
Design and implement cloud-based solutions using Azure services such as Azure Functions, App Services, Event Grids, AppInsights, SQL, Cosmo DB, Azure Cache Redis, Key Vault, APIM, Storage Accounts, Resource Groups.
Automated cloud-based deployments using Azure DevOps.
Used ASP.NET Forms Authentication and Role based Authorization to implement application security.
Designed and developed UI using XHTML, CSS2, JQuery and Razor Views.
Implemented form validation using JavaScript.
Invoked WCF REST Services using JQuery AJAX.
Developed and consumed web services developed by middle tier team.
Developed a business logic layer by implementing Object Oriented Programming languages (OOPS) concepts such as abstraction, encapsulation, inheritance, polymorphism in C#.
Used SQL queries to develop Views, Functions, Triggers, and Indexes using SQL Server 2012.
Created several database objects such as Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions, Triggers and Views in SQL Server database.
Responsible for developing WCF Services hosted on Windows Azure to exchange data between Desktop and
Used ADO.NET Entity Framework 5 for database access, query and manipulation.
Used Repository Pattern and Factory pattern for reusability of Data Access Logic for all modules.
Generated data migration and transformation using SSIS.
Environment: .NET Framework 4.0, Visual Studio 2010, C#, ASP.NET MVC4, SQL Server 2012, Entity Framework 4.0, XHTML, CSS2, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, SSIS, SSRS, TFS, IIS7

Microsoft, Seattle – Feb 2016 to Aug 2018
Dot Net Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in requirements gathering, analysis, design, and code review and development stages.
Designed and developed an integrated n-tier web application using C#, ASP.NET 4 and ADO.NET.
Designed web UI using ASP.NET, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Web Forms and AJAX controls.
Used .Net framework 4.0, N-tier architecture, Object Oriented Methodologies for application development.
Extensively used ASP.NET controls for developing the UI.
Effectively used ASP.NET security infrastructure for authenticating and authorizing user access as well as performing other security related tasks using C#.NET.
Created event driven Web Forms using ASP.NET and implemented form validation using Validation controls using both Custom validation and jQuery was written for Client-side validations.
Used ASP.NET web form controls such as Grid View, Data List, Details view, Repeaters, Dataset Classes for data manipulation.
Created and maintained database objects like complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Cursors, and Tables, Views and SQL Joins.
Worked Extensively with Query Optimization Techniques to Fetch Data with better Performance Tuning.
Involved in development of MVC patterns for client server interaction.
Improved the user experience of Webpages by using Ajax.
Involved in implementing the logic using C# and oops concept.
Used front-end web development tools like CSS, JavaScript, HTML, and jQuery.
Involved in developing WCF Web Service using SOAP/HTTP to communicate with legacy systems.
Used ASP.NET MVC Page Controller pattern to add functionality to individual pages such that to accept input from the page request, invoke the requested actions on the mode.
Responsible for designing the ASP.NET application authentication using .NET Framework, Model View Controller (MVC) and IIS security model.
Responsible for maintaining versions of source code using Team Foundation Server 2010.
Provided support and involved in maintenance process.

Environment: VisualStudio2010, C#, ASP.NET MVC 4.0, WCF, Entity Framework 4.0, Java Script, jQuery, TFS 2010, WCF, IIS 7.0, Ajax, ADO.NET, LINQ, XML, SQL Server 2008 R2, Windows XP, Windows Server 2003, Windows Server 2008 R2/2008.

Zenqa – India – Aug 2012 to Jun 2015
Dot Net Developer
Responsibilities:
Rebuild site features and develop creative solutions for en.360buy.com base on the 3-Tire architecture and framework of JD.com.
Implemented the presentation layer in ASP.NET and JavaScript.
Created components to maintain business logic layer using C#. Net used ADO.NET to create the Data Access layer.
Designed the Process flow structure and standards for web application development.
Development of component classes and interfaces in C# encapsulating the business logic with strict adherence to Object Oriented Paradigms.
Created Document Management User Controls and Custom Controls for common purpose in the whole application.
Developed and Designed applications in HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
Responsible for implementing and deployment of WCF Services.
Designed and developed the complete front-end application using ASP.NET with C# as code behind for the internal processing.
Developed and hosting WCF Services on IIS by following Service Oriented Architecture (SOA).
Implemented the functionality to render data using XML files and format them using XSLT.
Involved in Database diagram design and Tables design in SQL Server.
Created Stored Procedures, Views, Triggers and Complex SQL queries in SQL Server for storing, retrieving and managing documents.
Involved in the development and execution of unit test cases.
Created and deployed the Windows Service for Emailing the PDF documents by utility using windows service.

Environment: ASP.NET, C#, ADO.NET, JavaScript, HTML, jQuery SQL Server 2005, VS-2008
Contact this candidate