Manikanta Varma Nadimpally
Mount Juliet,TN,*****
605-***-**** ad6e2o@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/manikanta-varmanadimpally/ SUMMARY
Experienced Java Full Stack Developer with nearly 5 years of experience, having proven expertise in object-oriented designing and development to solve complex business problems and deliver software solutions, specializing in Java, Angular, and SQL. Proficient in Agile methodologies, adept at collaborating across diverse teams to achieve project goals through effective communication and teamwork.
EDUCATION
University of South Dakota Vermillion SD Master of Science in Computer Science Jan 2023 – May 2024 TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages: Java, Python, JavaScript.
Front End: HTML, CSS, Angular, TypeScript.
Back End: Spring Framework(Spring Core, Spring MVC, Spring Security, Spring AOP), Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, API Gateway, Eureka Service Discovery, Microservices, RestFul Web Services, OAuth2, JPA, Hibernate, Tomcat, Maven, JUnit, Mockito, Apache Kafka, JSON, XML, Swagger.
Database: MySQL, MS SQL, PostgreSQL, and Oracle.
CI/CD: Linux(Shell Scripting), Jenkins, Docker, Git. Others: AWS, SDLC, Postman, Sonarqube,Jira, IntelliJ, Eclipse, Agile, Scrum, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Deep Learning.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Infosys Technology Analyst Telangana, India Jun 2021 – Dec 2022
● Daily contribute features to the back-end restful API’s and new components to frontend applications using Angular, and Spring Boot.
● Independently led the application migration from Java 8 to Java 11, resulting in a seamless transition with zero system downtime and achieving 100% compatibility with existing framework and dependencies.
● Utilized JUnit and Mockito frameworks to build unit tests, achieving a code coverage rate of 85%.
● Collaborated closely with cross-functional teams to optimize the parent framework, leading to a 25% improvement in system efficiency.
● Ensured high-quality code deployment for critical releases through collaborative peer code reviews and thorough production code management, resulting in a 50% decrease in post-deployment issues.
● Actively participated in sprint grooming, planning, Scrum, and retrospective meetings within an Agile team environment, contributing to exceptional project efficiency and a 70% increase in meeting project deadlines. I-RAY IT SOLUTIONS Information Technology Engineer Telangana, India Nov 2019 – Jun 2021
● Engaged in architectural design and project planning for microservices, ensuring optimal structuring and organization within a microservice architecture.
● Implemented service discovery integration to enhance system scalability, fault tolerance, and inter-service communication within a microservice architecture, resulting in a 60% increase in overall system reliability.
● Engineered a user management system facilitating authentication and authorization, resulting in a 25% increase in user satisfaction.
● Optimized SQL Server stored procedures for the application dashboard, resulting in a 20% reduction in query response time, bringing the average dashboard load time from 13 seconds to 7 seconds.
● Guided and mentored junior developers as a Senior Developer, contributing to a 30% increase in on-time deliveries through effective task coordination and prioritization.
● Led the full software development lifecycle from requirements gathering to deployment, conducted 90% of client demos, and cultivated strong customer relationships through consistent and effective communication.
● Performed root cause analysis, troubleshot, and debugged over 10 issues to identify and fix bugs, deploying solutions to production within 24 hours.
IkonicIT Solutions Java Software Developer Telangana, India Aug 2018 – Oct 2019
● Migrated and optimized a Spring MVC application by transitioning from JDBC to Hibernate ORM, achieving a 50% reduction in development time for new modules.
● Designed and implemented a robust database schema for a School website, optimizing user access control and data management.
● Architected and developed the recursive pagination logic for the Okta connector, resulting in a 40% reduction in data fetching time.
PROJECTS
Brain Tumor Detection Using Deep Learning Academic Project
● Developed image classifiers using Q-Learning and Deep Q-Network (DQN) to classify brain tumors based on MRI images. After extensive experimentation and tuning, achieved a classification accuracy of 87% using DQN.
SOFT SKILLS
Interpersonal Skills: Teamwork, Communication, Customer Service, Strong Analytical skills. Leadership Skills: Conflict Management, Decisiveness, Organization, Planning, Problem Solving.
Contact this candidate