Anita M
ad6h8r@r.postjobfree.com
+1-816-***-****
USC
Kansas City, Kansas, 66103

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Full Stack Java Developer with 5+ years of IT experience in all phases of SDLC in designing and developing web services and web applications using JAVA, J2EE (Servlets, JSP, EJB), MVC Framework, spring, struts, Java Swing, JDBC, JavaScript, Ajax, CSS3 and HTML5 and object - oriented methodologies.
Experienced in working various domains such as Healthcare and Insurance.
Experienced in Core Java, demonstrating expertise in key components including Collections, Generics, Polymorphism, Multithreading, Concurrency, File Handling I/O, Data Structures, and Exception Handling to deliver efficient and reliable software solutions.
Good Knowledge on writing API's/ and Web Services in PHP and in Python.
Experience in Developing User Interface (UI) Rich Web Applications using Front End/User Interface (UI) Technologies using HTML5, DHTML, CSS3 (Saas, LESS) frameworks, Bootstrap, Java script (ES5 & ES6), jQuery, AJAX by managing all facets and pipelines of application.
Good Knowledge on Object Oriented Programming OOP, Analysis and Design OOAD Concepts and designing experience using StarUML, Rational rose to develop UML or design artifacts like Class diagrams, Sequence diagrams and Use case realization.
Hands-on experience in creating Full-Stack web application using MongoDB, Express, Angular10/9/8/7/6 and Node.JS (MEAN stack).
Proficient in using Java/J2EE Design Patterns including singleton, command, object pool, session façade, Model View Controller (MVC), Data Access Object (DAO). Well versed with core Java concepts like collections, multithreading, serialization and Java beans.
Experience in Object Relational Mapping (ORM) like Hibernate and MyBatis using Java Persistence API (JPA) standard.
Passionate about AWS and moving a company to the cloud. Excellent working experience in Web services (SOAP and REST). Strong knowledge of IDE’s like Eclipse, Maven, Spring Tool Suite, IntelliJ, VS Code, NetBeans, Web Logic Workshop, WSAD/RAD and RSA application Developers.
Experience in XML related technologies including XML, XPath, XSLT and XSD (DOM, SAX, and DOM), DTD, JAXP, JAXB, XML-RPC and XML Beans.
Using Jenkins for continuous integrations and builds, source code management (GitHub), automation and containerization using Docker, Kubernetes.
Good experience on DevOps tools such as Chef, Vagrant, Virtual Box, Puppet, Ansible, Jenkins, Maven, ANT, SVN, GIT, and Docker.
Diverse experience utilizing tools in N-tier and Microservices architecture applications using Spring Boot, AWS, Kafka, Cassandra, My SQL, Restful.
Experienced with Multi-Tier/Three-Tier Client-Server Applications using popular J2EE Web / Application Servers (Tomcat and JBoss), BEA WebLogic and IBM WebSphere.
Have experience in software Development Processes like SDLC, Waterfall, Test Driven Development (TDD), Iterative and Agile Methodologies.
Hands-on experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) like EC2, Lambda, S3 Bucket, DynamoDB, API Gateway, CloudFront, RDS, Elastic Beanstalk.
Used Jasper for reporting, Splunk for log monitoring and experience with JIRA, HP Quality Center for bug and issue tracking.
Extensively worked with testing tools like JUnit, Selenium Web Driver, and SOAPUI etc. Implemented Frame work for Selenium scripts using Java.
Background with traditional databases such as Oracle, SQL Server, DB2 and ETL tools / processes.
Extensive experience in testing on multiple operating systems including Linux, Unix, Sun Solaris, and Window.
Strong background, experience with open-source technologies, cloud platforms and all tiers of distributed-system development.
Ability to learn and adapt quickly to the emerging new technologies and paradigms.
Excellent communication, interpersonal and analytical skills and a highly motivated team player with the ability to work independently.
EDUCATION:
Bachelors from Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra University.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Languages
C, C++, Java 5/6/7/8/9/10/11+, J2EE, JavaScript, SQL, PL/SQL, UML2.5
Java/J2EE Technologies
Core Java, JSP, Servlets/Applets, JDBC, JMS, Java Beans, Java Multithreading, Generics and Collections, EJB, Tiles, Microservices, Agile
Web Technologies
HTML5, XML, XSLT, DOM, JSON, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular 10/9/8/7/6/5 XPath, AJAX, ExtJS, DOJO, ReactJS, Node.js, Selenium, Bootstrap, Lambda
Web Frameworks
Spring Boot, Spring JDBC, Hibernate, Spring Core, Docker, Kubernetes, Kafka, Redis, Jenkins, Mockito, Swagger, Jira, Maven, SOAP and Restful Webservices
Bug Tracking Tools
Rational Clear Quest, Bugzilla,
Design & GUI Tools
Eclipse, IBM RAD, Eclipse, Spring Tool Suite, IntelliJ, VS Code, NetBeans, Web Logic Workshop, WSAD/RAD and RSA
App servers
IBM Web Sphere, Apache Tomcat, BEA Web Logic
Databases/Tools
Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, MySQL, MongoDB
Operating Systems
Windows, Mac, Linux, Unix
Version Control
JUnit, Log4j, Postman/Git, SVN
Cloud Technologies
Amazon EC2, S3, simple DB, Elastic Load Balancing, SQS, EBS, cloud front, EKS and PCF, AWS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Client : CareSource, Dayton, OH Duration : Aug 2022 - PRESENT
Role : Java Full Stack Developer
Responsibilities:
Implemented validation on the JSP fields using Struts Validation framework which included writing validation.xml and validation-rules.xml files.
Used Streams and Lambda expressions available as part of Java 8 to store and process the data.
Involved in design and development of UI component, using frameworks JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap.
Designed and integrated the full scale Hibernate / spring.
Responsible for the overall layout design, color scheme of the web site using HTML 5, Angular 9/8, XHTML and CSS3 and Responsible for creating detailed wire frames and process flows.
Built Angular 8 components, UI services to consume rest services using Component based architecture provided by Angular 8.
Used Spring Core Annotations for Dependency Injection, Spring DI and Spring MVC for REST API, and Spring Boot for Micro-Services.
Involved in developing application using Java Technologies include Core Java, OOPs, Java Server Pages (JSP), Custom Tags Library, XML, JDBC, JMS, Java Beans, Model View Controller (MVC), Spring framework, Hibernate and Web services.
Created various Angular 7 library components and made them reusable across different applications. Used Angular 7 to validate the input at UI level rather than validating the data at backend.
Designed and developed the REST based Microservices using the Spring Boot.
Implemented AWS solutions using E2C, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto scaling groups, Optimized volumes and EC2 instances and created monitors, alarms and notifications for EC2 hosts using Cloud Watch.
Build highly available content distribution sites by using CI/CD tools like Chef, Ansible, Docker, Maven, Jenkins, Jira, Kubernetes etc.
Implemented new features and enhancements utilizing the latest features and improvements introduced in Java 17.
Performed CRUD operations like Update, Insert and Delete data in NoSQL database like MongoDB.
Used Spring IOC and spring's Hibernate Support, transaction management.
Involved in all phases of the project from analysis and requirement phase to delivering the project. Designed the project using MVC, Session Façade, and Service Locator and Business Delegate patterns.
Followed agile methodology, interacted with the client, provide/take feedback on the features, suggest/implement optimal solutions and tailored application to customer needs.
Implemented Business Logic using Java, Spring, Struts, and Hibernate.
Used Log4j as a logging framework for the application and handled error, debug, warn messages.
Supported all the UNIX requests for various applications and Developed ANT script to build .war and. ear files for the application.
Developed Spring Restful/Microservices and implemented Spring Eureka as part of Services Discovery.
Involved in preparing High- & low-level design docs with UML diagrams using Rational Rose tool.
Used X fire to read the XML response coming from the web service.
Created JUnit test cases, and Development of JUnit classes.
Exposed various capabilities such as Web Services using Soap and WSDL.
Used MVC architecture, Business Delegate, Session facade, Data Access Object, Value Object and Singleton patterns.
Implemented an automation framework using Selenium WebDriver to execute test cases across various browsers and platforms, ensuring comprehensive test coverage and robust software quality assurance.
Implemented all DAO's using Spring Framework. Implemented SOA using Web Services (SOA over WESB and SOAP over JMS) on ESB utilizing WebSphere Integration Developer (WID).
Used Hibernate ORM framework as persistence engine, configured O/R mapping and wrote hibernate queries. Developing traits and case classes etc in scala.
Involved in designing front-end screens using Java script, JSP, AJAX, HTML5 and DHTML.
Integrated the application with Spring Framework for implementing Dependency Injection and provide abstraction between presentation layer and persistence layer.

Environment: Java 9/10/11/17, J2EE, Angular 9/8/7, AWS, Kubernetes, Hibernate, Struts, EJB, Spring Boot, JPA, Rest Maven, Eclipse, JUnit, Microservices, JavaScript, WebLogic, jQuery, JSP, MVC, HTML5, CSS3, XML, UML, SVN, Web services, MongoDB, Windows.

Client : Cisco Systems Inc., San Jose, CA Duration : Jul 2020 – Jul 2022
Role : Java Full Stack Developer
Responsibilities:
Responsible for gathering business and functional requirements and preparing the design and proof of concept.
Involved in the Complete Software development life cycle (SDLC) to develop the application.
Created Java Lambda that watches an AWS S3 bucket, load the data to the Redshift and send a message using RESTful webservices if the file has errors
Developed using new features of Java annotations, Generics, enhanced for loop and Enums, Lambda expressions for array operations, collections throughout the application for well-defined programming.
Involved in design and development of server-side layer using XML, JSP, JDBC, JNDI, EJB and DAO patterns using Eclipse IDE.
Used Angular 7/6 component-based architecture to integrate services to consume RESTful API's.
Created REST API in Express and returned logic through Angular data binding.
Built dynamically generated dropdown lists using Ajax, JQuery and Angular.
Implemented EJBs Session beans for business logic.
Developed Spring JMS message listeners to consume messages from queue and developed spring scheduling components to perform batch operations.
Using Spring-AOP module implemented features like logging, user session validation.
Developed Action class and Action Form for business logic with support of spring framework and Presentation tier.
Used springBoot to implement the MVC design pattern.
Developed the REST web service using SpringBoot to provide user a way to run the job and generate daily status report on loans
Designed and developed used XSLT transformation components to convert data from XML to HTML5 used XML DOM API for parsing XML.
Developed Spring Framework based Restful Web services for handling and persisting of requests and Spring MVC for returning response to presentation tier.
Developed mockups and prototypes using HTML5 and CSS3.
Proficient in implementing MongoDB write concerns to ensure data integrity and prevent data loss during system failures.
Developed cross browser and multi browser compatible web pages using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.
Implemented the service layer using spring with transaction and logging interceptors.
Used spring framework in the development of a business bean and to interact with the Hibernate ORM tool.
Developed virtual warehouse sizing for Snowflake for different type of workloads.
Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript, codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.
Participated in Agile Scrum methodology for application development and involved in analysis, design, coding, and unit testing of business applications in a fast-paced environment.
Extensive use of Angular Material framework to achieve RWD, i.e., make the portal compatible for various screen resolutions which are trending in the market today.
Development carried out under Eclipse Integrated Development Environment (IDE).
Integrated Spring DAO for data access using Hibernate, used HQL and SQL for querying databases.
Wrote Hibernate configuration and mappings xml files for database access.
Version control through CVS and Git.
Performed comprehensive analysis of source systems and contributed to the design and implementation of ETL processes for optimized data extraction, transformation, and loading.
Designed various tables required for the project in Oracle database and used the Stored Procedures in the application.
Actively participated and provided feedback in a constructive and insightful manner during weekly Iterative review meetings to track the progress for each iterative cycle and figure out the issues.

Environment: Java, J2EE, Spring Suit, Hibernate, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular 8/7/6, AWS, Angular Material, JavaBeans, JSP, Web Logic, XML, XSLT, DOM, EJB, Eclipse, GIT, SQL, Snowflake, ETL, Oracle, Windows, MongoDB

Client : Dignity Health, San Francisco, CA
Duration : Nov 2018 – Jun 2020
Role : Java Full Stack Developer
Responsibilities:
Participated in Agile methodology and involved in Design, development, Implementation, and testing of the enterprise applications.
Involved in web application development for backend system using Angular, Webpack, HTML, TypeScript and CSS.
Used Core Java concepts such as OOP Concepts, Collections Framework, and Exception Handling, I/O System, Multi-Threading, JDBC, Generics.
Implemented comprehensive form validation with Angular and regular expressions, guaranteeing robust data validation at both client and server ends for seamless user interactions. Used Angular Reactive forms to implement complex forms and performed the validations using Form Builder.
Used various Bootstrap components such as calendars, masks, uploaders, sliders, alerts, and modal dialogs for developing the UI.
Consumed RESTFUL web services using Angular HTTP Module and transformed the response using RXJS operators. Involved in writing Java API for Amazon Lambda to manage some of the AWS services.
Designed and implemented Kubernetes cluster pipelines to streamline cluster creation and management. Automated scaling processes to dynamically adjust cluster capacity based on resource usage, ensuring optimal performance and resource utilization.
Deploying and maintaining production environment using AWS EC2 instances and ECS with Docker.
Testing, Evaluation and troubleshooting of different NoSQL database systems and cluster configurations to ensure high-availability in various Crash Scenarios.
Experience in upgrading and migrating various versions of Mongo database on different platforms. Designed and developed custom Mongo applications specific to clients' needs.
Used Hibernate, Object/relational mapping (ORM) solution, the technique of mapping data representation from MVC model to Oracle relational data model with a SQL-based schema.
Created and injected spring services, spring controllers, and DAOs to achieve dependency injection and to wire objects of business classes.
Worked extensively on developing controllers, Interfaces and implementation classes using Spring MVC framework & used Micro service architecture with Spring Boot based service through REST.
Extensively worked on Spring bean wiring, Spring DAO a spring AOP modules and implemented Spring AOP in exception handling, which it reduces the development time to handle the exceptions.
Worked on relational database design and writing SQL queries, stored procedures, views, and functions with Oracle.
Implemented business process, database retrievals, access of information and User Interface using Java, Struts, and Planet Interact Framework.
Developed, debugged, integrated and deployed applications using Eclipse (IDE) and used GIT as a Version Control.
Used Apache camel to integrate the different applications using protocols like HTTP and JMS.
Scaled the component interactions and generalized the interfaces using Restful web service.
Worked on JMS for developing messaging services and implemented message listeners for message processing and delivery.
Developed and deployed a robust Behavior-Driven Development (BDD) automation testing framework utilizing Java, Cucumber, and Selenium WebDriver, facilitating seamless test execution and fostering efficient collaboration within the development lifecycle.
Extensively worked on ETL mappings, analysis and documentation of OLAP reports requirements. Solid understanding of OLAP concepts and challenges, especially with large data sets.
Performed Real time event processing of data from multiple servers in the organization using Apache Storm by integrating with Apache Kafka.
Used Log4j for tracking errors and debugging the code and Resolved bugs and Change Requests to already existing code.
Wrote test cases using JUnit as the Unit testing framework and Protractor as automation testing for the developed Java applications.

Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Core Java, Hibernate, Kubernetes, AWS, Lambda, EJB, JMS, Struts, Spring Suit, Spring Boot, Angular7/6, Node.js, Backbone.js, Restful, Selenium, JSON, XML, JUnit, Log4j, Gitlab, Kafka, Tomcat, Jenkins, SQL, Oracle, Windows.

LINKEDIN
http://www.linkedin.com/in/anita-mishra-7a095b300
Contact this candidate