RAVI
Email: ad6ioa@r.postjobfree.com PH: 937-***-****
Sr Java Full Stack Developer
Professional Summary
8+ years of experience in all stages of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) such as Application Specifications, Design, Development, Testing, Debugging and Maintenance.
Developed UI modules using Angular 8/9/11, Node.JS, Java Script, jQuery, Ajax, validations using Ajax in Node.JS, AngularJS, Angular2 and dash board's reports using Backbone.js.
Experience in Angular 9 along with Bootstrap, CSS3 to create reusable components for RWD apps.
Experience in implementing Component life cycle architecture, store actions, using socket.io in React-Redux app to handle real time data, installing React Router, Thunk Redux for API calls in React JS.
Experience with HTML5, XML, XHTML, DHTML, CSS3, Tiles, Tag Libraries and JSON.
Proficient in applying design patterns like MVC, Singleton, Adapter, Bridge, Session Facade, Service Locator, Visitor, Observer, Decorator, Front Controller, Data Access Object.
Proficient in implementation of frameworks like Spring (Spring MVC, IOC, JDBC, Spring Boot, Spring REST, Spring Micro services), AJAX frameworks (Rich Faces, My Faces) and ORM frameworks like Hibernate, Spring DAO, Java Data Objects and Enterprise Java Beans Entity Beans.
Expertise in Micro services developing SOA (Service Oriented Architecture) and J2EE Web Services based on SOAP, WSDL, UDDI, JAX-WS, JAXB, JAX-RPC using tools like Apache Axis.
Proficient in React-Router, Redux, Redux-Promise, Redux Form, React HOC and React Hooks
Deep knowledge in React Lifecycle method
Working knowledge of Web protocols and standards.
Expertise in React Js and working with React Flux architecture, created Custom Reusable React Components Libraries.
Experience in Virtualization using VMWare, Vagrant and container services like Docker, Kubernetes.
Created Micro Services using Spring Boot and deployed on AWS instances like EC2.
Having good implementation experience with installation and configuration of Kubernetes, clustering them and managed local deployments in Kubernetes, provided consistent environment using Kubernetes for deployment scaling and load balancing to the application from development through production.
Expertise with employment of Spring Kafka and Zookeeper apart from JMS as Messaging Service.
Experienced in designing and developing Enterprise and Web-based applications using Java 7/8, Servlets 3, JSP, JDBC, JNDI, JSF, JPA, JAX-WS, Struts, EJB, Spring 4.3, Hibernate 4.0, SOAP, REST, AWS, JMS, XML, JUnit.
Expertise in XML technologies such as XSL, XSLT, XML Schemas, XPath, XForms and XSL-FO.
Knowledge on Spark and Hadoop Architecture and various components such as Mesos, HDFS, YARN: Resource Manager, Node Manager, Name Node, Data Node and MapReduce concepts.
Experience in creating Docker images, containers, push/pull and integrating with Spring Boot, Deployed Spring Boot based Microservices, Docker container using Amazon EC2 container services and using AWS console.
Expertise in implementing Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) with XML based Web Services (SOAP/REST).
Experienced in databases like Oracle 10g/11g, SQL Server, DB2 11.1, MySQL 5/7, MongoDB, and Cassandra.
Experienced in WebSphere 7.0, WebLogic, JBoss, Oracle Application Server and Tomcat Web Server 8.5.
Proficient in using Amazon Web Services (AWS) like SQS, Lambda, Kinesis, EC2, Elastic Beanstalk, Cloud Watch, Cloud Front, Cloud Formation, IAM, S3, RDS, Elastic Cache, SNS, AMI.
Used Native Script in angular and JavaScript and knowing that where is specifically using.
Used PL/SQL to write business logics in functions and procedures in databases for Oracle Applications.
Implemented distributed memory caching systems like Redis, Memcached for dynamic database driven websites.
Experienced in Development, testing, and deployment of enterprise applications on Windows & UNIX platforms using IDEs such as Eclipse, NetBeans, WebStorm, Spring Tool Suite, IntelliJ.
Experienced in methodologies like Agile, Waterfall, Scrum, and Test-driven development (TDD).
Expertise in unit testing with Junit with Mockito and TestNG frameworks and integration testing and automation with Selenium, CUCUMBER and experienced with Splunk tool for production support.
Experienced in JIRA for bug tracking, implemented on build tools ANT 1.10, Maven 3.3.9, Gradle 3.4.1 and logging tool Apache Log4j and CICD tools JENKINS, HUDSON.
Implemented Software Configuration Management using Version Control Software such as SVN, CVS and GIT.
EDUCATION
Bachelor in Computer Science, B.V. Raju Institute of Technology(2015).
Professional Experience
Full Stack Java Angular/React Developer
Bank Of America, Tampa, Florida January 2023 to Present
Responsibilities:
Coordinated and attended user meetings to understand and capture requirements.
Participated in Requirements Analysis, Design and Development phases of the project and worked in Scrum Methodology.
Used Core java for development of different components.
Developed the application using Core Java, Multi-Threading, Collections, Spring Boot, JDBC transaction and Batch.
As a developer, created a script to validate the efficiency and fall back of new Cloud database using Jenkins tools.
Extensively used Spring Framework modules like MVC, DI (IOC), Auto Wiring, Spring Boot and AOP.
Used spring’s test framework to create integration tests for various spring boot and spring batch applications.
Implemented MicroServices architecture using Spring Boot for making application smaller and independent.
Involved in writing the microservices in Spring Boot application with Spring annotations.
Converted a monolithic app to microservices architecture using Spring Boot using 12 factor app methodology. Deployed, Scaled, Configured, wrote manifest file for various Microservices in PCF.
Extensively worked with spring frameworks and hibernate. Written Spring beans Hibernate mapping files.
Used JMS to exchange information over reliable channel in an asynchronous way by using ActiveMQ as a message queue.
Used XML technologies like XPath, XSLT and JAXB for data exchange and presentation.
Involved in Business Process and Decision Management Design using JBoss Drools Rules Engine.
Experience working in and building Continuous Integration (CI) and Continues Deployment (CD) by building custom build and deployments jobs in Jenkins.
Expertise in React JS framework to develop the SPA.
Performed minor changes in micro services in Spring Boot to support changes in Angular 13.
Used HQL (Hibernate Query Language) to write static and complex queries while communicating with Oracle database.
Used React JS to create views to hook up models to the DOM and synchronize data with server as a Single Page Application (SPA).
Developed user interface by using the React JS, Redux for SPA development.
Developed REST API’s using Spring MVC and Spring boot, hosted all micro services on PCF.
Good knowledge in creating and maintaining various DevOps related tools for the team such as provisioning scripts, deployment tools and staged virtual environments using Docker.
Build server deployment on Cloud (EC2) servers with help of Devops tools like Puppet.
Worked on creation of custom Docker container images, tagging, pushing images, integration of Spring boot.
Created the Docker containers and Docker consoles for managing the application life cycle.
Experience in React.js for creating interactive UI’s using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.
Prepare High level and low-level design documents which are helpful for the development of the application.
Extensively worked on SQL server including storage and retrieving data using Hibernate.
Handled response data from RESTFUL web services using XML, SOAP and JSON to update UI.
Created RESTful web services for keyword search, advanced search and autosuggestions.
Mapped (one-to-many, one-to-one, many-to-one relations) DTOs to Oracle Database tables and Java data types to SQL data types by creating Hibernate mapping XML files Oracle database was used, wrote stored procedures for common SQL queries.
Used Splunk to monitor the system logs as well as notify the incident management system upon exceeding thresholds.
Experience with messaging systems like Kafka, Kafka event sourcing.
Expertise with employment of Spring Kafka apart from JMS as messaging service.
Used Jersey to implement Restful Web Service and used XML and JSON format to transfer the data.
Consumed RESTful Web Services using JAX-RS API and Web Services Annotations.
Involved in Unit Testing and Bug-Fixing and achieved the maximum code coverage using JUNIT test cases.
Environment: Java 1. 8, J2EE, XML, Core Java, AWS, Spring boot, Type Script, GitHub, Hibernate, PL/SQL, JUnit, Maven, Oracle 1 1 g, Eclipse, Spring 3.x/4.x, Angular, Splunk, WebSphere Application Server, Web services, ReactJS, SOAP, W SDL, Linux, PCF, Spring Core, Jenkins, Micro services, Spring IOC Container, PCF, Design Patterns, Sonar, SQL Joins, Servlets, JSON, Kafka, Docker, Devops, RESTful Web services, Agile, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, Maven.
Sr Java Full Stack Developer
Citi Bank, Tampa, Florida July 2020 to December 2022
Responsibilities:
Following Agile (Scrum) Methodology for developing application development.
Developed modules using Core Java APIs, Collections, Java 1.8 (Streams), Jordan API(Dates), Multi-threading, Exception Handling, Generics, Enums, Java I/O and object-oriented designs patterns.
Developed business components by using Spring Boot, Spring IOC, Spring AOP, Spring Annotations, Spring Cloud &Persistence layer by using Hibernate/JPA along with Web Services (RESTful).
Implemented customized authentication in Spring Security to verify user-role and secure the user pages.
Used JAX-RS for creating Restful web service and implemented authentication by using OAuth2 Security Framework.
Implementation of Hystrix circuit breaker to avoid loss of messages during handling of messages at consumer level.
Implementation of Zuul Proxy as the API gateway.
Implemented Hibernate Template to great extent making use of HQL, Named Parameters, Named Queries, and interfaces such as Expression, Query, and Criteria.
Used Hibernate Transaction Management, Hibernate Batch Transactions and Hibernate Cache Concepts.
Design complex SQL Queries, stored procedures & triggers on SQL Server database.
Used Stored Procedures for applications that needed to execute as part of a scheduling mechanisms.
Developed UI using Angular 12, Bootstrap, TypeScript, for interactive cross browser functionality and complex user interface.
Developed powerful Single Page Application and dynamic responsive Web Application with Angular 12.
Worked with Angular 12 Controllers, Directives, Services, Pipes, Guards, and Angular Routing.
Deployed Spring Boot based Microservices Docker container using Amazon EC2 container services and using AWS admin console.
Planning, deploying, monitoring, and maintaining Amazon AWS GCP infrastructure consisting of multiple EC2 nodes and VMWare VM's as required in the environment.
Utilized AWS Lambda platform to upload data into AWS S3 buckets and to trigger other Lambda functions.
Created computing and data resources on AWS using EC2.
Configure Jenkins build Jobs for (CI) and (CD)and writing Python scripts on top of it.
Used JavaScript, HTML, and CSS for front-end development and enhancing user interface.
Developed the application using J2EE, Spring MVC, JAX-RS, and implemented Dependency Injection (DI) using Spring Framework.
Developed user interface using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript for a rich user experience.
Administered and deployed applications into WebSphere Application Server.
Developed Test Cases and performed unit test using JUnit with Mockito Framework.
Developed and performed test cases using Jasmine and Karma for front end unit testing.
Tested REST API using REST Assured framework.
Design Shell scripts to filter and transform the huge amount of data in troubleshooting the issues.
Created JSON request and validated the response using postman Interceptor and Swagger UI.
Used Log4j for logging and tracing the messages.
Used GIT for version control and involved in writing the build scripts using Maven.
Used JIRA for defect management and to keep track of bugs and issues.
Prepared documentation for some of the recurring defects and resolutions and business comments for those defects.
Environment: Java 8.0, Spring 4, Hibernate 4.2, Spring batch, Spring Boot, JPA, JMS, Angular 12, HTML5, CSS3, Eclipse, SQL Server, Swagger UI, Log4j, JIRA, Pure XML, Web Services, Kafka, Microservices, REST UI.
Java Full Stack Developer
Cigna Health, Bloomfield, Connecticut August 2019 to June 2020
Responsibilities:
Addressing heavy traffic situation and migrating user-specific data off service instances and into a shared by using Microservices.
All the functionalities are implemented using Spring IO / Spring Boot and Spring JDBC.
Designed REST and SOAP services.
Designed and developed the RESTful web services using the JAX-RS API to communicate over the network.
Designed, developed, and tested HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery and React.JS that meets accessibility and web browser standards for website.
Implemented Java EE components using Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring transactions and Spring security modules.
Developed user interface by using the React JS, Flux for SPA development.
Implemented React JS code to handle cross browser compatibility issues in Mozella, IE 7, 8, 9, Safari and FF.
Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application.
Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.
Worked on Swagger API and auto-generated documentation for all REST calls.
Implemented persistence layer using Spring JDBC template to store the data in Oracle database.
Involved in maintaining and updating the procedure for ETL process.
Used Oracle as database and Involved in the development of PL/SQL backend implementation and using SQL created Select, Update and Delete statements.
Involved in writing complex SQL queries using correlated subqueries, joins, and recursive queries, PL/SQL stored procedures.
Changing the AWS infrastructure Elastic Beanstalk to Docker with Kubernetes.
Moving existing monolithic architecture to microservices and migrating them to AWS cloud.
Experienced in writing real-time processing and core jobs using Spark Streaming with Kafka as a data pipe-line system.
Implemented Spring boot microservices to process the messages into the Kafka cluster setup.
Developed Mockito and JUnit test cases to improve code coverage.
Implemented unit tests for testing Angular components with frameworks using Karma and Jasmine.
Created JSON request and validated the response using postman Interceptor and Swagger UI.
Setup CI/CD pipeline process for the application using the Jenkins.
Involved in developing the UI components using HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.
Apache Maven tool has been used for the build and deployment of the application.
Monitored the Error logs using Log4j and fixed the problems.
Involved in understanding SDLC using Agile methodology.
Environment: Java 8.0, Spring 4, Hibernate 4.2, Spring batch, Spring Boot, JPA, JMS, ReactJS, HTML5, CSS3, Eclipse, Oracle 10g, Swagger UI, Log4j, JIRA, Pure XML, Web Services, Kafka, Microservices, REST UI.
Java Full Stack Developer
Lowes, Charlotte, North Carolina January 2018 to July 2019
Responsibilities:
Involved in Agile stand-up meetings with team members on regular basis and tracked the update on projects using JIRA and HP ALM.
Actively participated in the Analysis, Design, Development and Testing phases of various applications.
Developed server-side application to interact with database using Spring MVC and Hibernate.
Developed RESTful web services using JAX-RS API and produced JSON data.
Developed the DAO layer for the existing applications using Spring, Hibernate and developed various business logic and reports using HQL and Hibernate Criteria.
Created various Advices (before, after) methods as required using Spring AOP for Logging.
Used Spring Security for authorizing and authenticating the user to applications.
Used MySQL RDBMS database and created Data Models.
Developed Single Page Applications (SPA) using Angular 2, TypeScript, HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap 3.
Performed form validations using reactive forms from Angular 2 framework.
Worked with different lifecycle hooks from Angular 2 like ngOnInit, ngOnDestroy, ngDoCheck, ngAfterViewInit etc.,
Implemented Router to enable navigation from one component to another.
Created Services to consume REST API's and to communicate between components using Dependency Injection provided by Angular 2.
Invoked HTTP requests and used RxJS Observable library to handle multiple values over time.
Developed real time chat application using Node.js (socket.io based on socket technology, Express JS framework)
Developed UI components using HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.
Implemented Spring JMS message listeners to consume JMS messages from queues and used Spring transaction management to manage the transactions in the application.
Created various unit test cases and integration tests for the DAO, Service, and Controller components using JUnit classes, and Mockito.
Used Jasmine and Karma for unit testing and automated Angular applications using Protractor.
Used Git repository for version control, Maven, Node for building the application and Jenkins for continuous integration.
Installed application on AWS EC2 instances and configured the storage on S3 buckets.
Extensively used Log4j for logging throughout the application.
Environment: Agile, JIRA, HP ALM, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, Ajax, jQuery, JSON, JDBC, Bootstrap 3, Angular 2, XML, JAXP, SAX, DOM, Spring, Hibernate, LINUX/UNIX, Node.js, Express, MySQL, HQL, JMS, JBoss, Apache Tomcat, Junit, Spring Web Flow Tests, Protractor, Jasmine, Karma, Git, Ant, Jenkins, Log4j.
Java Developer
Grape soft Solutions Hyderabad, India November 2015 to September 2017
Responsibilities:
Involved in web designing using HTML, XHTML, CSS, JQuery, AngularJs, JavaScript extensively used Table-Less Design in CSS for positioning.
Using Angular JS created Responsive Web Design (RWD) and did data manipulations to display data in company standard format in UI.
Used Express JS which is fast, assertive, essential and moderate web framework of Node JS that helps manage a sever and routes.
Developed reusable modules/library using python.
Developed Web API using Node JS and hosted on multiple load balanced API instances.
Design and developed the REST based Microservices using the Spring Boot, Spring Data with JPA.
Created JAX-RS RESTful web services for GET, POST, PUT and DELETE requests. Used POSTMAN Rest client for chrome to test all the services.
Customized RESTful Web Service using Spring RESTful API, sending JSON format data packets between front-end and middle-tier controller.
Working on backend Java REST API services which support retail logistics related applications and retail EDI transaction sets.
Successfully handled JSON/XML data and carried out JSON/XML parsing for form submissions and DOM manipulation.
Responsible for design and developing Persistence classes using Hibernate and Spring JDBC Template frameworks to save data in database tables.
Used Hibernate, object/relational-mapping (ORM) solution, technique of mapping data representation from MVC model to Oracle Relational data model with a SQL-based schema.
Worked on PostgreSQL, MongoDB like interacting with Database, writing stored procedures and debug and fix the issues as well.
Build mail and messaging applications using Java Mail API and used Jenkins and ANT scripts to build the application.
Involved in working, updating and closing the tasks created in GIT. Used Git/Github for source management.
Set up Jenkins server and build jobs to provide continuous automated builds based on polling the GIT source control system.
Environment: JDK 1.6, Spring 3.0, Hibernate, D3js, AngularJS, Kafka, ExpressJs, Node.Js JavaScript, Apache Tomcat, PostgreSQL, Oracle, Jdbc, Rest, Eclipse, Bootstrap, Agile, Log4j.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages: Java, J2EE, Bash, C++, PL/SQL, Groovy
JAVA Technologies: Microservices 32w(Netflix stack), J2EE, Hibernate, Spring, SpringBoot, JSP, JSTL, Servlets, JDBC, JNDI, JMS
Web Technologies: HTML, XML, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, Angular, Bootstrap
Application Monitoring: Dynatrace AppMon
Web Services: Web Services (SOAP and REST)
Database: Graph Database, Cassandra, Oracle (version -11g, 10g, 9i), My SQL
Frameworks: Spring, Spring Boot, Hibernate
ORM: Hibernate, JPA
Version Control Tools: GIT, SVN, CVS
SQL Tools: TOAD, SQL Developer, MySQL Workbench
Other tools: Chef, Jenkins, Docker, Splunk, Nagios
Contact this candidate