Swetha Bichal
E-Mail: ad6jsu@r.postjobfree.com
Contact : +1-531-***-****
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/swetha-b-45735990

Professional Summary:
Full Stack Developer with over 17 years of IT experience in requirement analysis, design, development, debugging & unit testing using Microsoft Technologies and Azure & AWS cloud. Extensive experience in Telecom, Insurance, mortgage, Retail & Banking domains.

Capable individual contributor, Team Lead and team player who works well with people at all levels maintaining multiple applications end to end.
Public Cloud development experience of more than 3 years (AWS & Azure)
Extensive experience in Web Service, WCF, Web API design and development.
Good experience working in JavaScript, jQuery, Angular, Nodejs, React, LINQ, VBScript, HTML, XML, CSS, C#, ASP.Net and MVC
Front end programming areas include designing Web pages, user controls, Server Controls.
Good Exposure in Databases design, maintenance, and programming – RDBMS like SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, PL-SQL, Teradata.
Skilled in PL-SQL, writing stored procedures, functions, triggers, CTEs and temp tables.
Proficient in understanding client requirements and articulating database architecture.
Good understanding on star and snowflake design patterns.
Extensive experience in backend development using C#
Knowledge of programming languages like C++, VB.Net, Java & Python.
Worked on UI layer using AngularJS 1.3/1.4 HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap to build rich, flexible and user interactive web pages.
Consumed Web API RESTful for building Service-Oriented Application hosted by IIS 7.0.
Created WCF service using HTTP and SOAP protocol and maintained existing web services.
Used SQL Server 2014 as data repository, used LINQ to SQL together with Entity Framework 6.0 writing data access classes, stored procedures, triggers, views to capture and modify data.
Highly knowledgeable in deploying web applications and desktop applications, IIS configuration and hosting applications on AWS
Strong Experience with OOPS, Design Patterns, AWS Services EC2, S2, RDS Sql Server, SNS, VPN, CloudWatch, Route53, EKS, lamda.
Hands on experience using VSS, ClearCase, TFS, Bit Bucket and GIT
Imported data from flat files and other data sources like Oracle, Teradata DB to SQL Server database and data conversions and migrations using SSIS.
Hands on experience in reports development using SSRS and Crystal Reports
Improved existing programs by refining to assist enhanced capabilities.
Used ccontinuous Integration / Continuous Deployment (CI-CD) tools as Jenkins.
Expertise in all phases of SDLC and worked on waterfall & AGILE methodology, with exceptional analytical and problem-solving skills.

Software Exposure:
Programming Languages
C#, C++, VB.net, LINQ and AJAX
Scripting languages
JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, Bootstrap, CSS
Web Technologies
ASP.Net, ASP.Net Core, Web Services, WCF, MVC, Angular JS, Node JS, React, ADO.NET, WebAPI
Cloud Technology
Azure, AWS, Terraform
ETL, Reporting Tools
SSIS, SSRS, Cognos, Control M
RDBMS
SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata, My SQL, PostgreSQL
Version Control & Agile
VSS, TFS, Bit Bucket, Tortoise SVN, JIRA
DEVOPS / CICD
AZURE Devops, Jules & Jenkins, CICD, YAML, JIRA
Testing
Postman, NUnit, MSTest

Academic Credentials:
MBA TM (Finance) from Osmania University Hyderabad, graduated in 2019.
B. Tech (Electrical and Electronics Engineering) from JNTU, Hyderabad, graduated in 2006.
AWS Practitioner & AWS Developer Associate Certifications

Project Profile:

Project Title : SARK IT (Inhouse)
Role : Sr. Software developer (Current)
Technologies : C#, ASP.NET, SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS, JIRA, Jenkins, Bitbucket
Responsibilities
Requirement analysis for enhancements and discussions with product owner to document HLD and LLD
Develop and build new features, run CICD pipeline for automated deployment
Working on performance tuning of SQL queries.

Project Title : Card Services (JPMorgan & Chase)
Role (Duration) : Senior Software Developer (Feb 2020 to May 2024)
Technologies : C#, asp. Net, SQL Server, oracle, SSIS, SSRS, React, Web API, AWS, Terraform, Postman, Jenkins, Jules, swagger, bitbucket, visual studio, Jira
Responsibilities:
Successfully migrated legacy applications to AWS cloud rewriting them using React, REST API, RDS, .net Core and deployed to AWS cloud.
Implemented security best practices for AWS services such as IAM, KMS. Deployed application on IIS in EC2/ ASG instance with SSL enabled.
Created Infrastructure EC2, RDS SQL Server, VPN, SGs, NLB, etc using terraform. Integrated application with ASP.NET identity, Single Sign-On and Active Directory
Implemented necessary logging using log4net framework.
Developed Unit Test Scenarios and tested Test Scenarios using NUnit for legacy code.
Worked on planning, design, build, deployment and support.
Managed code base branching strategy to ensure seamless code merge and performed code reviews.
Involved in agile methodologies such as SCRUM meetings. Work starts with splitting into small tasks, design, development, unit test, bug fixing.
Configured jobs in Control M to execute SSIS packages & SQL script.
Implemented data migration from on prem to AWS RDS database along with designing and modelling databases using PL/SQL
Proficiency with tools such as SSMS, Azure Data studio and Oracle SQL developer.

Project Title : OTC – Convey HS
Organization (Client) : ATMECS (Convey Health), Developer (Sep 2017 to Sep 2019)
Technologies : C#, asp. Net MVC, angular, Node JS, SQL server, Web API, JQuery, bootstrap, TFS, Unity, AR, VR
Responsibilities:
Requirement analysis and discussions with BA for new enhancements.
Manually deployed application on IIS and configured dependencies on servers.
Created DB objects, Relationships, Stored Procedures, and functions with complex T-SQL queries, desktop applications maintenance and deployments, Scrum process.
Deployed multitenant application as independent application on new data centre.
Worked on updating websites accessible to people with vision disabilities adhering to ADA.
Implemented security in existing application to white list user inputs in the application code and stored procedures.
Worked on enhancements in web application with Angular, Web API and Sql Server.

Project Title : System Admin, FARM
Organization : BKFS (In House), Sr. Application Developer / IC (Sep 2016-Sep 2017)
Technologies : C#, asp. Net, CSI, SSRS, SSIS, Visual Studio, Framework 4.5, SQL server 2016, WPF, Web API, Windows 10, VSTF
Responsibilities:
Worked on Unit Test project for existing application using NUnit framework.
Built .NET Core REST API service layer that calls the mainframe XML service that hits the database.
Worked on windows application enhancements, production issue fix and deployment.
Involved in PBR, Sprint planning and implemented development tasks for the product enhancement.
Designed and developed SSIS packages to fetch data from multiple sources and dump into application database in batches.
Worked DAL using Entity Framework ORM, LINQ to Entities and Lambda Expressions

Project Title : Quality of Care and Service
Organization : UHG / OPTUM Developer / Individual Contributor (Sep ’12’ to May 2016)
Technologies : Visual Studio, JQuery, SQL server, MVC, WCF, Web Services, Entity Framework, SSRS and SSIS, Tortoise SVN, DB2
Responsibilities:
Worked as individual contributor for QCare product for issue fixes and enhancements. Managing branching in SVN and deploying application to UAT and PROD environments.
Worked on developing multiple small applications from scratch coordinating with product team and deployed them to production environment.
Designed and developed Archive tool that takes source and destination path for file/ folder archival for authorized users.
Integrated Web services to pull patient data into Qcare application and pushed data to warehouse from Qcare for reports generation using SSIS and deployed job on SQL Agent.

Project Title : Integrated Campaign
Organization : TCS (Microsoft Client), Developer, Lead (May 2011 to Aug 2012)
Technology : C#, ASP.Net, SQL Server, JS, CSS, LINQ to Entity, TFS, Azure
Responsibilities:
Successfully led a team of four developers and Co-ordinated the development team efforts as tech lead.
Worked on re design of frontend and database and proposed latest technology stack with estimation. Created HLD, LLD, technology specifications and User run book documents
Application rewrite (ASP to ASP.Net and deployment to azure
Created WCF Windows service for regular database updates on user login.

Project Title : Contract Online Routing Tool
Organization : TCS (Microsoft Client), Developer (June 2011 to April 2012)
Tech stack : ASP.Net, VB.Net, SQL Server, JQuery, LINQ, VSTF
Responsibilities:
Created application from scratch. Involved in Business requirement discussion, application and database design and implementation, Application build and development.
Unit testing, functional and technical specification documentation, deployment, post production support and transition of the application to new team for PROD support.
Integrated application with ASP.NET identity, passport authentication and Active Directory
Reviewed the C#.NET, JavaScript / jQuery code to identify potential code fixes / enhancements required.
Implemented vulnerability scans and fixes for the reported issues.
Consumed WCF service for integrating other systems for data retrieval.

Project Title : SMB Authorized Educational Reseller
Organization : TCS (Microsoft Client), Developer (Jan 2011 to May 2011)
Tech Stack : ASP.Net, SQL Server 2005, Excel, VSTF, Visual studio, C#
Responsibilities:
Requirement analysis, interaction with stake holders, Application design, Development, Technical Specifications documentation, deployment and Knowledge transfer to the support and maintenance teams.
Implementing change requests in future phases of the project.
Worked on creating excel pivot reports rewriting legacy reports.
Continuously worked on development and integration testing for biweekly deployments.

Project Title : Sales and Management Process (SMP)
Organization : TCS (XEROX Client), Developer (Jan 2010 to Jun 2010)
Tech stack : C#.Net, VB .Net, SQL Server, SVN, VSS for source control, SSIS, SSRS, DTS
Responsibilities:
Analyzing the existing DTS packages and other modules of the application and migrating DTS packages to SSIS packages. Creating new SSIS packages. Documenting the requirements.
Worked on writing stored procedures for new SSRS reports and reports maintenance.
Maintenance of website having both C# and VB code and its performance improvement.

Project Title : CoordCom (Ericsson)
Organization : TCS (Ericsson Client, Sweden), Developer (Nov 2008 to Dec2009)
Technology : ASP.Net, C#, AJAX, SQL Server, Oracle, WCF, VS, IBM Clear case
Responsibilities:
Requirement analysis, Client interaction, Change requests development, Unit testing, production bug fixing and documentation.
Writing backend logic using C# based on business requirement.
Developed stored procedures, sql queries, functions and views.

Project Title : Price and Quality Reporting (PQR)
Organization : TCS (The Global Fund (TGF) Client, Switzerland), Developer (July 2007 to Oct2008)
Languages : ASP.NET 2.0, C#, SQL Server, VS, VSS, SSIS, SSRS
Responsibilities:
Requirement Analysis, Application Design, Implementation, Testing and Documentation.
Created technical documentation, technical specification, functional document, user runbook
Created webpages using asp.net and worked on backed logic using C# and developed new Stored procedures in Sql Server database for each feature.

Project Title : Rapid Application Services for Partner Program (RASPP)
Organization : TCS (British Telecom Client, United Kingdom), Developer (Jan 2007 to Jun 2007)
Languages : ASP.NET 2.0, C#, SQL Server, VS, VSS
Responsibilities:
Developing the Web Pages, bug fixing, testing and support documentation.
The project (Rapid Application Services for Partner Program) is to build a partner program for the ISV (Independent Software vendors) to collaborate and integrate services in BT.
Worked on unit test cases for individual methods.
Worked as tester documenting test cases and manually executed tests and reported bugs to dev team.
Contact this candidate