Sudhakar Yeddla
.Net Full Stack Developer
ad6l66@r.postjobfree.com +1-469-***-****
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sudhakar-yeddla-21b05455/

Professional Summary:
As a .NET Full stack lead developer with 12 years of experience in development of web-based, client/server, n-tier distributed and object-oriented applications using Microsoft technologies.

Successful in meeting new technical challenges and finding solutions to meet the business needs by interacting with the client.
Experienced with Agile SCRUM methodology used for new product development.
Soft Skills: Leadership, Team Management, Project Planning, Communication, Presentation
Led the development of customer-facing software solutions, overseeing project planning, execution, and successful delivery of key features.
Managed engineering teams of 5 or more direct reports, fostering collaboration and ensuring high-quality deliverables.
Good Experience with Unified Modeling Language (UML) standards and documentation and experience in preparing Use Case Diagrams, Class Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams and Activity Diagrams using design tools such as Microsoft Visio.
Strong experience in developing applications using .NET Core, Micro services, C#.NET, ASP.NET, MVC, ADO.NET, Entity Framework, AJAX, JavaScript, JQuery, WCF, XML Web Services, LINQ and WebApi.
Experience in development of responsive web applications using Angular14.
Experience in design and development of WCF and XML Web Services, including understanding of XML schema, SOAP and WSDL.
Experience with Web Service, WCF (Windows Communication Foundation) and ASP.NET Web API.
Used Azure Express Route to establish connections to Microsoft cloud services such as Microsoft Azure, Office 365, and Dynamic 365.
Experience in AngularJS structural framework for dynamic web apps.
Performance improvements using transactions may incur some performance overhead due to coordination and synchronization required between the producer and Kafka brokers.
Proper configuration of Kafka brokers and producers is crucial to leveraging transactions effectively.
Development of monitoring system designed for Network Security and Data Centers.
Experienced in writing complex No SQL queries using Inner, Outer and Cross Joins.
Extensively used Grid View, List View, Details View, Repeater and other ASP.NET Server controls for state management in .NET.
Ability to create responsive and adaptive UI layouts using Fluent UI, ensuring consistency across different devices and screen sizes.
Implemented client-side Interface using React JS. Build stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages. Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application
Developed the application in ASP.NET Core, C#, Web Services, Ajax, ADO.NET and SQL Server.
Good knowledge on Micro services, AZURE web services.
Experienced in .NET security features such as Authentication (Windows-based Authentication, Forms-based Authentication) and Authorization (Authorizing Users and Roles).
Security Testing, Understanding of various types of security testing such as static analysis, dynamic analysis, and software composition analysis.
Experience with security testing tools like Veracode, as well as other tools used in the software development lifecycle.
Experience in performance tuning of the PLSQL packages and SQL queries on 11g and 12c database.
Good Knowledge and concepts in Relational Database Management Systems (RDMS) like ORACLE and SQL Server.
Developed React Js pages, Web services calls and AJAX calls for the application.
Good knowledge and experience in Database Modeling Concepts, Query Building, Tuning, Query Optimization and Running Database.
Knowledge in Microsoft’s Data Warehousing Tool SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services) and SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services).
Excellent analytical and programming abilities in using technology to create flexible and maintainable solutions for complex development problems.
Good experience with version control tools such as VSS, SVN, TFS and GIT.

Education:
Bachelors in Engineering (Specializing in Information Technology) JNTU KAKINADA, India with distinction.

Technical Skills:

Languages
C#,T-SQL, PL-SQL
Web Technologies
ASP.NET Core, ASP.NET 2.0/3.0/3.5/4.0,MVC 3.0/4.0/5.0/6.0/Vnext, Angular JS, Angular 8, 9,15, .Net Core 2.1/3.3/6.0,ADO.NET, Azure, Entity Framework, WCF, XML Web Services, React Js, FluentUI, Bootstrap, AWS, AJAX,HTML5, HTML, JQuery, XHTML, DHTML, CSS, XML, XSLT, IIS5.0/ 6.0/7.0/9.0
Application Design/IDE
Microsoft Visual Studio 2013/2012/2010/2008/2013/2015/2017/2019/2022, GIT, TFS, SVN, Visual Source Safe
Scripting Languages
JavaScript, JQuery, JQuery UI, JQuery mobile, font Awesome, Telerik, RAD controls
Operating Systems
Windows Vista/XP, Windows Server 2008/2003, Windows NT 2000 Professional, Windows 8, Window 10, Window 11
Databases
SQL Server 2019/2016/2012/2008R2/2008/2005,2017 MS Access 2007,MongoDB,NoSQL,mySQL

Reporting Tools and others
SQL Server 2012/2008/2005 Reporting Services (SSRS)2017, SSIS, Veracode, Swagger, 2011,2013,2015, AJAX Control Toolkit, Telerik, NUnit, Microsoft Visio,Kafka, RabitMQ

Professional Experience:

North Texas Tolling Authority (NTTA) – Plano, Texas Oct 2019- Present
.Net Lead Full Stack Developer (Full Stack)
NTTA (North Texas Tollway Authority) operates toll roads in the North Texas area and uses ViaPlus Toll Back office system for processing its toll transactions. Worked as a team lead for this project. Within this role, my team and I maintained and improved the system, ensuring it met the needs of the business and its customers on a daily basis. We conducted regular monitoring during hyper care periods to uphold system integrity. Additionally, we implemented upgrades and enhancements to optimize operational efficiency and enhance customer service. Engaging with various partners, vendors, and third parties such as Veracode, Kafka, Toll perks, Lonestar, AM Signal, Flutter Google Firebase, Integer teams, I participated in discussions throughout the project lifecycle, from requirements gathering to project deliverables. This involved tasks such as estimates, design, development, code reviews, team mentoring, managing teams, and quality assurance through unit test cases. As a team lead for Customer portal, Payments, Finance and Mobile App modules, I took on multiple roles to ensure successful project outcomes.

Responsibilities:
Designing, implementing and testing web application involving new features and
Functionality from functional requirements.
Chase payment gateway integration and Financial reconciliation
Migrated the VB application to .Net Core 6.0
Maintenance, support, design, development and implementation existing web applications.
Database designing in SQL server
Job scheduler with time line based jobs using JS7
Performed validations on Web Forms using .NET Validation Controls and Client Side Validation using Angular14.
Manage various AWS/AZURE environment for provisioning of Linux servers and services implemented by the providers.
Risk Management, Ability to assess and prioritize security risks and implement appropriate mitigation strategies.
Threat Modeling, Skills in identifying potential threats and vulnerabilities in software systems.
Designing and developing custom solutions and enhancements using ASP.NET core, Micro services and Fabric services.
Designing and coding web application, POC, Mockups for both responsive and mobile websites/web applications, Establishing and guiding the website/web application architecture.
Implemented Angular Service calls using REST micro services
Created a RESTful Web API service using ASP.NET Web API to generate data for the EMS which was then consumed in the front-end by Angular14.
Expertise in Azure infrastructure management (Azure Web Roles, Worker Roles, SQL Azure).
Used Micro service architecture, based services interacting through a combination of REST and leveraging AWS to build, test and deploy Identity Micro services.
Involved in complete application stack in Amazon Web Services (AWS) like EC2, S3 Bucket.
Implemented and maintained the monitoring and alerting of production and corporate servers/storage using AWS Cloud Watch.
Used Postman, fiddler and Firebug to test Web API functionality.
Ensuring high-performance and availability, and managing all technical aspects of the project.
Help maintain code quality, CI (Continuous integration), versioning with reusable and reliable code.
Problem solving, sophisticated design and quality product deliverable.
Created Single Page Application with the help of Angular14 Router Module.
Integrate new Entity Framework Project into existing back office system .net core solution.
Used .Net framework 4.0, 4.5 n-tier architecture & Object-Oriented Methodologies for application development.
Designed interactive ASP.NETMVC views using jQuery, HTML, CSS, Angular JS, React Js, Bootstrap, FluentUI and AJAX to provide excellent user experience.
Responsible for designing the ASP.NET core application authentication using .NET Framework, C#.NET, Model View Controller (MVC).
Working Experience in Reporting Services(SSRS)2017

Technologies and tools used: ASP.NET Core 6.0/MVC /Micro services, Entity Framework 6 with Repository, Dependency Injection patterns, C#, Azure, J Query, React Js, Angular 14.0/15, Ajax with JSON, Bootstrap, ASP.NET Web API, Restful Web Services, SQL Server 2019 and 2008 R2,2017, T-SQL, SSRS 2017,Visual Studio 2022

GESTAMP North America, ITC Infotech, Bangalore Dec 2016- Sep 2019
Technical Lead consultant
Projects Handled:
1.Gestamp is an international group dedicated to the design, development and manufacture of metal automotive components from North America.
2.Santander Bank UK – Provides banking financial services

Responsibilities:
Involved in various phases of SDLC like requirement analysis and preparing technical specifications.
Responsible for designing the ASP.NET application authentication using .NET Framework, C#.NET, Model View Controller (MVC).
Followed Scrum &Test-Driven Development Methods in Agile Scrum Methodology to produce high Quality software.
Web designing & development using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React Js and Ajax.
Implementation of design and development of web application using ASP.NET MVC 5, Entity Framework 6.0 with Repository, Dependency Injection patterns and Razor View Engine.
Worked on designing BizTalk Artifacts including Orchestrations, Maps, Schemas, Adapters, Ports and Pipelines.
Experienced in Service designing in WCF and developing using ADO.NET technology.
Created new API interfaces using WCF and document all the API's.
Created new API interfaces using WCF and document all the API's.
Designed desktop (WinForms) software to be used specifically in the field and then to automatically upload to server when connected. Used SQLite database in field and uploaded to SQL Server when connected.
Using Global Cache & Entity Framework to retrieve data & stored in cache and retrieve wherever require.
Worked with Agile development model
Using various types of Filters and Attributes of MVC to write crisp and clean code.
Used .Net framework 4.0, 4.5 n-tier architecture &Object-Oriented Methodologies for application development.
Angular 7.0, Node Js AJAX and heavy J Query, HTML 5 for front-end development, worked intensely on the user interface using ASP.NET.
Implemented CRUD operations using $http service to call Web API methods.
Used jQuery to bring dynamic behavior to the web page, and for AJAX calls to the MVC controller to output JSON result.
Application was to be ported over from ASP.NET Web Forms to ASP.NET MVC.
Worked on SharePoint 2010, central admin and OSS search.
RESTful web services were built using existing Web API to interact with ASP.NET MVC modules as well implemented Knockout.js functionalities for a stand-alone Dynamic portal.
Used angular Js 1.4 for web service calls, callbacks. Worked on new $cookie service, promises etc.
Used Oracle back end with Hibernate web API to pull data from the back end to the front end.
Worked on Win forms project using ADO.NET.
Experience writing and deploying AWS Lambda Functions.
Hosting applications with the AWS Cloud.
Wrote Vagrant Scripts to spin up servers on the Developer workstations and in AWS.
Hands on experience in importing data from oracle 11g to SQL server 2012 using SSIS.
Surveyed information to develop Win Form application with significant business logic.
Lead client data conversation using Oracle SQL scripts to bring on a new client into our systems.
Worked on Microsoft Azure for running applications and keeping data on the cloud.
Implemented various screens for front end using ReactJS and used various pre-defined components from NPM and Redux library.
Migrated On-Premise databases to Azure SQL Server and Configured Azure SQL Server Firewall for Performance Tuning.
Developed Angular / .NET web application using JavaScript, ASP.NET MVC 5, C#, Visual Studio.
Used ANGULAR 2+ to 8.3, JQuery, JSON, HTML, XML, JavaScript, AJAX and CSS, SCSS, ag-Grid, React JS,BOOTSTRAP 3,4, Ngx-Bootstrap on the front end.
Replaced the existing filter and save view logic in Web form and MVC pages using angular.
Worked on all the major NoSQL-skills like Aggregates, Views, Database objects, stored procedures
Created XML files and XSL/XSLT/XPATH for presentation and transferring data to HTML Page.
Designed and developed a modular accounting application using WPF, Unity, Prism and MVVM.
Worked on .Net framework 3.5 and above for WPF applications.
Good knowledge of Mongo Db, Node JS.
Develop core backend Oracle PLSQL packages that read the data from the database and used by Java program to display data on the dashboard.
Wrote server side components to encapsulate the business logic in VB.Net.
Configured and implemented service broker in SQL server.
Used Angular JS 4.0 framework for client side java scripting.
Used WCF for developing services to integrate with third party applications and systems.
Used Master pages, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), themes and skins for page layout consistency and to enhance the presentation layer for user interface.
Worked on Test driven development (TDD).
User Interface modules is developed using ASP.net 2.0, ADO.Net, VB.NET and JavaScript.
Extensively worked with Windows Azure specifically on Blob, File storage and Hosted DB.
Responsible for designing and developing the GUI for the user interface with various controls (Component Art Grid View, Data List, Textbox, Calendar, List Controls, Dropdown, Validation Controls etc.).
Implemented ASP.NET MVC, Angular JS web solutions, n-unit testing with industry best practices & design patterns.
Followed TDD and Agile methodologies
Good working Knowledge of MVC, MVP and MVVM design patterns.
Working on creating Services using ASP.NET Web API and C#
Used AJAX to improve the performance of the web pages & to display the data on frequently visited pages. Utilized AJAX controls to reduce the client server round-trip time & enhancing the performance of the application.
Used Ext JS JavaScript frameworks for creating rich web apps suitable for mobile devices.
Modeled data, design and implemented relation databases in SQL Server 2012.
Involved in replacement of legacy systems with ASP.NET single page web applications (SPAs) and relational databases using latest ASP.NET MVC, Entity Framework, and Web API server-side technologies, and Angular JS and AJAX client-side technologies.

Technologies and tools used: ASP.NET MVC 5/4.5 with Repository pattern, Entity Framework 6 with Repository, Dependency Injection patterns, C#, J Query, Telerik, Angular JS 4.0,aws, Ajax with JSON, VB.Net, Azure,Bootstrap, ASP.NET Web API, Restful Web Services, SQL Server 2012 and 2008 R2, T-SQL, Visual Studio 2013/2012, TFS

Datamatics Ltd, Bangalore May 2015- June 2016
Sr .Net full stack Developer
Projects:
1.HEALTH-GEN, USA – Health Information system.
2.Betp Information System, Rexroth Bosch (USA)

Responsibilities:
Worked closely with business analysts and other team members to build a high-quality web application.
Effectively used ASP.NET MVC for developing the web application by creating multiple views/partial views.
Cost center budget estimates based on Financial status of each cost center
Involved in architectural design for redesigning the Webform and MVC pages to implement in angular.
Effectively used Ajax techniques to pull dynamic data and improved the performance of existing web pages.
Effectively used jQuery/jQuery UI to improve the look and feel of the web application.
Effectively created layout views and incorporated them into the ASP.NET MVC application.
Involved in writing the front-end code for the application using Angular 2.0.
Effectively used ViewBag/ViewData to pass data from Controller into the view.
Effectively created models and used them on multiple views using MongoDB.
Support and Maintain WIF.
Followed Agile and TDD
Designed and Built AWS fail-overs, fault tolerance website with auto-scaling and load testing with multiple EC2 instances
Migration of data from Excel source to CRM using SSIS.
Set up and configuration of various instruments on AWS direct connect to create DEV/IT, UAT and Production environment for short-term internal projects.
Set up preconfigured RHEL5.x and 6.x on local and in the cloud on AWS EC2.
Defined AWS Security Groups which acted as virtual firewalls that controlled the traffic allowed to reach one or more AWS EC2 instances.
Working with React JSRouter 4 for developing Single Page Applications SPAs.
Fetch the services API call from backend and map in front using React JS.
Experienced in developing web-based applications using Python, Django, XML, HTML,
JavaScript and Jquery.
Implemented Security in Web Applications using Azure and deployed Web Applications to Azure.
Effectively used Razor Engine Html helper methods for creating controls on the views.
Providing solution on migrating the PLSQL program that resides on different database.
Created style sheets and layout pages to preserve consistent look and feel of the application.
Effectively used JSON format for passing data between server and the client browser.
Migrated the application from Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) to Platform as a Service (PaaS) by converting existing solution to Windows Azure Worker Role.
Designed and developed SSIS Packages for loading data from text files, CSV files to NoSQL Server databases using SSIS.
Implementation of network security infrastructure for customers using IPS/ IDS, firewalls, VPNs and
Web auditing.
Effectively used FileNet system for managing the documents.
Effectively used ASP.NET MVC bundling and minification techniques to improve the performance of the application.
Effectively created custom routes and added them to ASP.NET MVC routes collection.
Extensively used MVC Is Required, MaxLength etc. attributes on the Model properties for validation purposes.
Extensively used jQuery/JavaScript for creating user rich UI’s and used Razor engine for creating multiple views.
Effectively used C#.NET for coding the business logic and to develop N-tier services.
Effectively used constructor dependency injection using C#/VB.NET.
Experience in consuming Restful services using Angular and Angular JS 2.0.
Effectively coded in C#.NET using .NET 4.0/3.5 techniques like lazy loading, reflection etc.
Effectively used C#.NET to deal with exception handling using try/catch/finally statements.
Involved in designing and development of SOA services using Web Services/ WCF using C#.NET.
Used Entity framework code first for creating data base.
Creating Entity framework migration to tackle with model changes.
Effectively used LINQ to pull data from the database.
Wrote stored procedures, stored functions using SQL Server 2008 database.
Created tables, views, triggers using SQL Server 2008 database.
Created sequences using SQL Server 2008 database.
Deployed and maintained ASP.NET applications running at IIS 7.0.
Participated in Scrum activities and effectively communicated with team members.
Responsible for maintaining versions of source code using Team Foundation Server 2008.
Implemented test cases for Unit testing in Business, Presenter, and Data Access Layers using N-Unit.

Technologies and tools used: VisualStudio2012, C#.NET, ASP.NET MVC, jQuery, JavaScript, Entity Framework, CSS, WCF,
XML Web Services, IIS 7.0, AJAX, WSDL,SOAP,React Js,Azure, Agile, LINQ, .NET Framework 4.0/3.5, XML, Angular js 2.0,NUNIT,SQL Server 2008, UML, TFS..

EMWARE Solutions India Pvt Ltd, India Apr 2013- May 2015
Sr .NET full stack developer

Responsibilities:
Used Scrum Agile methodology and utilized Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS) for software development lifecycle.
Responsible for developing and maintaining C# windows based application which uses WPF (Windows Presentation Foundation).
Application contains different WCF Services which will be consumed up on different phases.
Experience in SSIS packages for ETL purpose.
Experience in SSRS, Power BI reports for reporting purpose.
Developed WPF Custom Controls to reduce the Complexity in User Interface Coding and provide better look and feel.
Experience of .NET security features such as Authentication, Windows-based Authentication, Forms-based Authentication and Authorization (Authorizing Users and Roles) which helped in creating user Authentication along with sessions.
Conversion of Crystal Reports to SSRS reports using MVVM model.
Implemented new Change Requests as per customer guidelines in C#.Net.
Involved in unit testing, bug fixing and code deployment.
Developed class/modules to display backend data using ADO.NET.
Developed Web supporting Application Tools of the using Asp.Net MVC
Experienced in MVVM model (Model View View Model) for converting Crystal Reports into SSRS Platform on Windows application.
Responsible for interaction with the client in collecting the requirements.
Responsible for preparing and sending Weekly and Monthly Status reports to Client.
Involved in Unit and functional testing. Well-coordinated with testing department.
Maintain project deliverables on time and team member’s work status.
Used Tortoise SVN and GIT Hub for version control and maintenance of the builds and the relevant documents of the same.

Technologies and tools used: VS 13/15, .NET Framework4.5, ASP.NET MVC, C#,ADO, Entity Framework, SOA, WCF, AngularJS, NodeJS, HTML 5, Bootstrap, CSS 3, Telerik, SQL Server 2012, SSIS,SSRS, Power BI, SVN, GIT Hub

Trans-Domain Solutions India Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad, India Nov 2011 – Jan 2013
.NET Application Developer

Responsibilities:
Using Infragistics UI Control, XSLT & dataset for displaying data.
Used XML Web Services (WSDL, and SOAP).
Parsing multi-node XML document using XPath Navigator from banking application and displaying information.
Designing and Developing the Assemblies to be deployed as DLL.
Involved in designing and developing Web forms using ASP.Net 3.5 and C# 6.0.
Developing the middle tier using C#.
Extensive use of abstract classes, interfaces, delegates and attributes.
Developed User controls for reuse in the project.
Used ADO.NET for database connectivity, executing queries & stored procedures.
Wrote Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views and queries optimization.
Troubleshooting and production support.

Technologies and tools used: ASP.NET 2.0, C#, SQL Server 2005,Visual Studio 2005, ADO.NET, IIS 6.0, DTS, VSS, Win 2003.
Contact this candidate