Name: RAVI REDDY
Phone: 602-***-**** Mail: ad6mjh@r.postjobfree.com

SENIOR JAVA FULL STACK DEVELOPER

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

●Over 14 years of IT involvement in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), such as Analysis, Design, Implementation, Testing, and Maintenance of various Web Based applications using JAVA/J2EE technologies, Python, GoLang, Scala and Integration Technologies.
●Extensively followed Agile Development methodologies like including Scrum dealing with Sprints and traditional models.
●Extensive experience in Web application development using JDBC, Servlets, JSP, JSTL, Java Beans, MVC, Struts, JMS, SOAP, Spring, Hibernate, RESTful, JavaScript, AngularJS, AJAX, XML and HTML.
●Great Knowledge in Cloud (AWS) incompatible with Micro services.
●Extensive Knowledge in Release management including the CI/CD pipeline.
●Perform initial log analysis and troubleshooting to identify the cause of application issues/Root Cause Analysis.
●Involving in design calls and understanding the functional requirements creating the design Document.
●Experienced in implementing REST Micro services using Spring and spring boot. Generated Metrics with Spring Actuator.
●Good Knowledge in Java/J2EE/MVC design patterns worked on singleton and MVC Design Patterns.
●Extensive Experience in Microsoft Azure Cloud Platform like Azure Data Lake, Azure Synapse, Analytics, Azure Data Factory, Service Bus, Logic Apps, Data Bricks, Python.
●Experience in Writing the Junit Test cases and specific to the Layer level (Business Objects and Data Access Layer Level).
●Experience in writing the PL/SQL and writing the SQL queries and Creating the Indexes and Triggers and Views and Functions.
●Great Knowledge of using IDE Tools like Eclipse, NetBeans, Rational Application Developer (RAD) for Java/J2EE application development.
●Experience in Application servers like Tomcat and WebSphere and JBoss and WebLogic.
●Extensive experience in UNIX, Linux commands, and Deployment of Applications in the Server and the ability to work effectively on Windows platforms.
●Extensive knowledge on Oracle, MYSQL, DB2, No-SQL as Mongo DB, and Cassandra.
●Experience in Configuration Management tools like SVN, CVS, and Git.
●Experience in Web Apps - ReactJS, Redux, GraphQL.
●Skilled in setting up Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipelines to automate the software delivery process, ensuring rapid and reliable releases.
●Experience in designing and developing multi-tier enterprise applications using Java 1.7/1.8/11/17, JEE & related technologies such as Servlets, Struts, Spring, JDBC, Hibernate, JPA, JMS, XML, JSP, HTML, and Web services.
●Extensive Knowledge in Continuous and Integration and Continuous Deployment with Jenkins and Docker and Kubernetes.
●Have good knowledge in the partition of Kafka messages and setting up the replication factors in Kafka Cluster.
●Work experience of different programming paradigms like Declarative, Imperative & Functional programming using Scala, Python, GoLang, C++.
●Great experience in working with various web technologies such as HTML, CSS, jQuery, XML.
●Worked with Python to access the functions defined in Python in Java / J2EE Applications and to create AWS cloud formation template.
●Functional Experience with ACH, FedWires, RTP, FedNow, CHIPS and Swift Messaging to process the real time payments.
● Extensive experience in implementing micro services architecture to ensure modularity and scalability of applications.
●Proficient in using KubeCTL and Helm for managing Kubernetes clusters and deploying applications with ease.
●Experience in developing Python-based tools and utilities to streamline development workflows.
●Exposure in cloud service-related databases like PostgreSQL and MongoDB.
●Good experience in working with various AWS services such as EC2, Elastic Beanstalk, S3, and CloudWatch.
●Troubleshooting the performance related issues on Postgres instance using performance query plan management (QPM)
●Experience with build automation tools like Gradle, ANT and Maven for builds and deployments to different environments.
●Implemented Unit Testing using JUnit and Integration testing using Jacoco during the projects.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Programming Languages
Java, C, C++, SQL, PL/SQL, Python, Golang, Scala
J2EE Technologies
JSP, Servlets, JDBC, JMS, JNDI, Spring, Hibernate, Spring Boot, Spring Security, Spring Batch, Spring JPA, Kafka
Web Technologies
HTML, CSS, AJAX, jQuery, JavaScript, Angular, React, NodeJS
Web Services
SOAP, REST
Design Methodologies
OOAD, SDLC, Agile Scrum, Iterative Waterfall
Testing Frameworks
Junit, Mockito, Cucumber, TestNg, Selenium, Sonarqube, Jacoco, JMeter
Version Control System
GitHub, CVS, SVN
Databases
Oracle, MS SQL Server, DB2, MongoDB, Cassandra, Dynamo DB
Servers
WebLogic, JBOSS, Apache Tomcat, IBM WebSphere
Build Tools
Gradle, ANT and Maven
IDE’s
Eclipse, IntelliJ, STS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Med Impact Sr. Java Full Stack Developer
SanDiego, CA Aug 2020 - Till date

Responsibilities:
●Involved in Design calls and Understanding the Functional Requirements based upon the functional requirements creating the technical design documents.
●Implementation of the Layer Level Architecture in the development of services.
●Load Balancing the micro services Application by using the Kubernetes.
●Testing the API by using the POSTMAN and Swagger.
●Design and develop new database using as relational database management system PostgreSQL.
●Used issue tracking tool JIRA and version control tool GIT Hub.
●Focused on Test Driven Development thereby creating detailed JUnit tests for every single piece of functionality before writing the functionality.
●Developed customized solutions within the Salesforce CRM platform, with design, code, and implemented Salesforce applications in Apex, Java 17 and JavaScript.
●Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React.js, Redux, and Bootstrap.
●Implemented routing logic and navigation from screen to screen and login functionality on the client side in Angular JS.
●Developed Business Logic using Python on Django Web Framework.
●Successfully migrated the Django database from SQLite to MySQL with complete date integrity.
●Worked on Kotlin for building the backend components and API resources, and Json API for creating multiple API's.
●Created a functional and vibrant tasks app with Kotlin multiplatform and Ktor.
●Created the design Views in-house and cloud implementation.
●Worked in using ReactJS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations, and Flux concept.
●Development of Microservices and deployment in cloud ENV.
●Involved in Security configurations and authentication of service using API Gateway, JWT, OAUTH.
●GIT is used as a distributed revision control system for code. File vault in conjunction with GIT helps to pull or push the code to developer's machine from AEM.
●Closely worked with Kafka Admin Team to set up Kafka Cluster set up on the QA and Production environments.
●Implemented Spring boot-micro services to process the messages into the Kafka cluster setup.
●Configured Swagger-UI registered Micro service with Eureka server to monitor service health check from Spring Boot admin console.
●Used ReactJS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.
●Worked in Amazon Web Services AWS - S3, IAM, RDS, Glacier, EC2, VPC, SNS, SQS.
●Worked with Kafka Cluster and Kafka Producer based Rest API to collect sensor events and send to Spark Streaming.
●Involved in converting Hive/SQL queries into Spark transformations using Spark Data-Frames using PySpark to process Hadoop data.
●Developed Spark Applications by using Scala, Java and implemented Apache Spark Data processing project to handle data from various RDBMS and Streaming Sources.
●Working on migrating existing legacy code to web services (SOAP &amp, RESTful).
●Used Spring Boot which is radically faster in building cloud microservices and develop Spring-based applications with very less configuration.
●Used Node JS in the development of the web application to bind the data/model that is being retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view using the scope.
●Developed Gateway Service using Netflix Zuul with Eureka Service Registry to redirect service calls and created Spring Cloud Config Server Using Spring Boot to configure the application.
●Used Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) to deploy Kubernetes cluster in Azure. Created an AKS cluster in the Azure portal, with the Azure CLI and used template driven deployment options such as Resource Manager-Templates and Terraform.
●Create team-specific Agile process flow in JIRA to move tasks from one activity to another.
●Development of a Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) infrastructure using Agile development methodologies for large-scale JAVA 11 and C++ applications.
●Deployed applications on JBoss Server on IntelliJ and Eclipse platforms.
●Used extensively OOPS, Core Java, (J2EE, Collections, multithreading, and exception handling), Servlets.
●Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using HTML, CSS, RESTful API Services, JavaScript, Git, and JSON.
●Developed Splunk reports that provide a high-level overview of the Application Health.
●Used Amazon Cloud Watch to monitor AWS services and Amazon Cloud Watch logs to monitor applications.
●Developed service layer application by using REST API, SPRING BOOT, and JAVA 1.8, MAVEN and GRADLE build tool, and application server Tomcat.
●Strong understanding of micro services Design patterns –Hystrix, DTD, Aggregator, and Proxy Chaining.
●While the Development of services writing the JUNIT, test cases.
●Followed Agile methodology for project development.
●Used Docker for creating Docker images for launching containers on AWS EC2.
●Used HIBERNATE as an ORM software to make a connection between java application and database including performed database operations.
●Develop AWS Lambda based micro services interacting with Dynamo DB & SNS/SQS using AWS SDK.
●Used Cucumber along with Selenium for performing automation and acceptance testing.
●Involved in the creation of exhaustive JUnit Unit Test Cases for each java class that is being developed for this application using a mocking framework Mockito using Test Driven Development Technique.
●Responsible for creating End-to-End test cases using Jasmine testing framework, knowledge on Cypress, Jest.
●Worked with AWS Fleet, Glue, S3, EC2, IAM, RDS, Lambdas, Step functions, cloud watch and Elastic Beanstalk.
●Worked on AWS resources with Python boto3.
●Developed Rest Api to process the data from DB to another Rest Service, AWS Lambda and S3 using GoLang.
●Wrote services to get and persist the data to elastic search.
●Following Agile practices to develop and deliver the requirements.
●Experience in analysis, design using UML.
●Since the Hello.Java Program is a very simple one involving any input or output variables, it doesn’t contain any data members.
●It contains only one method, namely the main{ }, which must be present in every java stand-alone application. Since this method is not expected to return any value, the return type of this method is indicated in the above program as void.
●You can Develop the Java Program or any Computer System and the execution of that program is possible or any other computer system loaded with JVM.

Environment: Agile methodology, Java 1.8, Python, GoLang, SalesForce, Scala, AWS, Azure, J2EE, Kotlin, Ktor, Hibernate, JPA, Spring framework modules, Oracle, Tableau, Maven, JAX-RS, Log4J, WEBLOGIC 12C, Spring Boot, Micro services, Elastic search, STS, GIT, Kafka
DTN Java Full Stack Developer
Omaha, NE Jun 2016 – Jul 2020

Responsibilities:
●Project executed in Agile Development used to rally for the execution of the User stories including the bugs resolving.
●Used Angular JS to create views to hook up models to the DOM and synchronize data with the server as a Single Page Applications.
●Worked with Angular JS and jQuery for DOM manipulation and two-way binding. Implemented Angular controllers to update entity models.
●Developed reusable and interoperable Web service modules based on SOA architecture using SOAP and RESTful Services.
●Experience in developing RESTful web service that usually defines a URI (Uniform Resource Identifier), which is a service that provides resource representation such as JSON and a set of HTTP Methods.
●Build and maintain code repositories and code migrations using CI/CD strategies (GIT, SVN, CSV, and Jenkins).
●Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations, and Flux concept.
●Requirement gathering to update existing service with new changes and provide the implementation.
●Worked on designing API’s for providing web service and provide server-side and local Implementation.
●Involved in setting up project structure and design guidelines using design patterns, Maven, etc.
●Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.
●Designed some caching mechanism in one of the projects.
●Involved in user testing, deployment of the application on various environments.
●Follow scrum /agile methodologies for the project with 3 weeks of the sprint cycle.
●Developed the presentation layer for UI using JSP, HTML, CSS, and client validations using JavaScript, Ajax, and jQuery.
●Implemented Spring MVC following the Spring AOP, Dependency Injection (DI), and Inversion of Control (IOC) principles.
●Used GitHub and configured Jenkins CI/CD for project build and deployment.
●Experience in writing test cases using the JUnit testing framework and configured applications on Apache Tomcat Server.
●Developed Oracle PL/SQL packages and stored procedures for a data warehouse that consolidated loan information from disparate systems and platforms.
●Used Hibernate for connecting to the database and mapping the entities by using hibernate annotations.
●Performing unit Testing utilizing JUnit and configured Log4j for adding the debugging information in the codebase.
●Created various services in AWS for the application hosted on Amazon Cloud.
●Worked with Rabbit MQ as the Message broker for sending and receiving messages between Producers and Consumers.
●Used Amazon Cloud Watch to monitor AWS services and Amazon Cloud Watch logs to monitor applications.
●Java is a true Object-Oriented language, which provides a platform to develop an effective and efficient application and program real life Complexities. Most of the Object-oriented concepts in java are inherited from C++ which makes it easy for traditional programmers to understand it.

Environment: Java8, J2EE, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular, AWS, Oracle, Spring Boot, React, Microservices, Hibernate, Splunk, ELK, Junit, Mockito, Cucumber, Kafka, Selenium, JMeter, Solace JMS, REST, Git, Maven, AWS, GCP.

Verizon Wireless Java Full Stack Developer
Alpharetta, GA Jan 2015 – May 2016

Responsibilities:
●Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) such as requirement gathering, data modeling, analysis, architecture design and development for the project.
●Implemented business layer using Core java, Spring Beans using dependency injection, Spring annotations.
●Implemented Microservices using Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, Spring Microservices and enabled discovery using Netflix Eureka Server.
●Replaced the Java Messaging Service (JMS) calls with AWS SQS and used AWS SDK to connect with Amazon SQS for bulk email processing.
●Used Microservice architecture, with Spring Boot-based services interacting through a combination of REST and MQ and leveraging AWS to build, test and deploy micro services.
●Implemented agent-server messaging dialog using JMS (Rabbit MQ implementation).
●Consumed REST based micro services with Rest Template based on RESTful APIs.
●Configured Swagger-UI registered Micro service with Eureka server to monitor service health check from Spring Boot admin console.
●Implement user authorities' management with Spring Security.
●Created AWS EC2 Linux instances and bash scripts to run post processing. Used Jenkins to run the deployment process.
●Used S3 buckets to manage document management and RDS to host database.
●Created customized AMIs based on already existing AWS EC2 instances by using create image functionality, hence using this snapshot for disaster recovery.
●Used Rabbit MQ queues for implementation of multi-threaded synchronization processes using JMS queues for consumption requests.
●Involved in implementation of enterprise integration with Web Services and Legacy Systems using SOAP and REST and added security to SOAP through WS Security.
●Responsible for Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) process implementation using Jenkins along with LINUX Shell scripts to automate routine jobs.
●Used MAVEN building tool for creating EAR file to be deployed in the application servers, it is also used for Dependency management of code in the application.
●Used Cassandra for achieving denormalization through features like collections.
●Write SQL queries in Dev Center to query Cassandra for data validation.
●Used JBOSS application server for deploying applications.
●Used JIRA for bug tracking issue tracking and project management.
●Involved in writing the test cases for the application using JUnit.
●Used GIT as source control management giving a huge speed advantage on centralized systems that must communicate with a server.
●Implemented Log4j along with SLF4j for logging various levels of information like error, info, debug into the log files.
●Development of Microservices and deployment in cloud ENV.

Environment: Java, J2EE, Servlet/filters, JSP, JSTL, Spring boot, Microservices, Spring Security, Angular, JavaScript, HTML, CSS and Bootstrap, AWS, EC2, S3, Rabbit MQ, SOAP, RESTful, Cassandra, MAVEN, JUnit, JBOSS, Jenkins, Log4j, SLF4j, JIRA, Git, Swagger-UI, LINUX, Eclipse.

Broadcom Java/J2EE Developer
Irvine, CA Jan 2010 – Dec 2014

Responsibilities:
●Involved in complete Software development life cycle (SDLC) to develop the application.
●Used Agile methodology for developing the application.
●Involved in developing the user interface using JSP, JSF, JSTL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
●Designed the front-end using Java Applets, Swing, JSP JSTL, AJAX and Display Tag libraries.
●Used Restful web services to consume the data from external Vendors.
●Used Hibernate following JPA Specifications to retrieve the data from database and integrate with Spring MVC to interact with back-end persistence system.
●Used Oracle as backend database and involved in writing SQL queries, stored procedures, Triggers, views etc.
●Implemented the application using Spring MVC Framework, Spring AOP, Spring Batch, and handled the security using Spring Security.
●Utilized core J2EE design patterns such as DTO (Data Transfer Object) and DAO (Data Access Object) in the implementation of the services.
●Maintained high-quality of RESTful services and implemented REST web Services using Spring MVC, JAX-RS.
●Involved in development of SOAP based web services using WSDL, SOAP and JAX-WS.
●Used SAX and DOM parser to parse the XML documents and XSLT for transformations.
●Extensively performed User Interface validations on client-side using JavaScript.
●Used Maven for building the application and deployed to WebLogic Application Server and resolved numerous server deployment related issues.
●Developed and modified UNIX Shell scripts.
●Used GIT for maintaining the component and for release and version management.
●Used JUNIT for unit testing and check API performance.
●Used log4j for application & error logging.

Environment: Java, JSP, JSF, Servlets, Spring, Hibernate, Applets, JPA, Swing, SOAP and RESTFUL Web Services, jQuery, XML, XSLT, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, Log4j, JSON, WebLogic, Maven, Oracle, GIT, Junit, Unix Shell Scripts, Eclipse.

EDUCATION :

●Bachelor’s in computer science & engineering, JPNCE, India.
Contact this candidate