VASISTA MEDIPALLI
JAVADEVELOPER
+1-214-***-**** ad6sf7@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Professional experience in the IT industry with 6+ years' experience as a java developer
Worked with complete SDLC (software development cycle) design, development, testing, deployment, and implementation.
Experience in handling big modules in national projects.
Expertise with different versions of eclipse.
Experience in handling Core Java, Advance Java, Struts and Spring.
Worked as technical graduate assistant in Southern university.
Familiar with Database Scripts.
Built applications using HTML, CSS, BOOTSTRAP, and JAVA SCRIPT.
Hands on experience with NODE JS, Angular and React.
Expertise with Redmine Tool.
Worked on AWS, Microsoft Azure Cloud Services.
Experienced in LINUX Operating System
CERTIFICATIONS

Certified AWS certified cloud practitioner
Certified IBM cloud enterprise
Certified AWS academy graduate
Certified IBM starting enterprise data science.
Certified IBM data science foundation’s level 1.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Programming Languages: Core Java (1.7,1.8), Python 3
Java/J2EEE Technologies: JDBC-4.2, JNDI, Connection Pooling, Servlet-3.1, JSP-2.2, JSTL
J2EE Frameworks: JMS and Web Services, Spring, Spring Boot, Micro Services, AWS, Kafka.
Spring Cloud Technologies: Spring boot (Eureka, Zip kin)
Cloud Technologies: AWS, Microsoft Azure, IBM Cloud technologies.
Web Technologies: HTML, DHTML, CSS, Node JS, Angular, Bootstrap, JSON, jQuery, Ajax
IDE Tools: Eclipse (Helios, Indigo & JUNO), NetBeans 6.x
Build Tools: Maven, Gradle
SCM Tools: GIT, SVN
Servers: Apache, Tomcat
Database: Oracle 11 G (SQL, PL/SQL), MySQL, SQL Server, PostgreSQL.

EXPERIENCE
Software Associate Delta Airlines Atlanta, GA Full Stack Java Developer May 2022 till date

Project Description:
The project mainly handled all the REST API related operation of Fly Delta and Virgin Atlantic airlines mobile applications where customers can have access to shop, check-in, tracking the flights and baggage etc. There are different teams working for different segments.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) such as requirements gathering, modeling, analysis, design, development, and testing.
Responsible for creating efficient design and developing user interaction screens using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax for service calls on pages to interact with the server.
Involved in migration of project from spring boot to AWS using AWS CloudWatch, AWS Direct Connect, AWS storage gateways etc.
Worked in different areas of the project while working with different defects in the projects.
Worked with NODE.JS for while working with AWS CDK for calling AWS Endpoints.
Hands on experience with AWS Quarks for application layer connectivity.
Developed the monolithic application and involved in migrating existing monolithic application into Micro Service Architecture based RESTful Service and deployments were done on AWS.
Worked within three different teams and achieved many milestones by completing different stories within sprit planning time with great coordination.
Used AWS Cloud Watch to monitor the application and to store the logging information.
Re-design and implement CI build system using Jenkins.
Focused on Test Driven Development by creating detailed JUnit tests for every single piece of functionality before writing the functionality.
Developed a co-branding banner of American Express card holders in Delta Airlines market for fly Delta application of both Android and IOS.
Interacting and participating in meetings along with product owner and clients to understand their needs and propose design to the team to implement the requirement.
Used GIT to maintain the version of the files and took the responsibility to do the code merges from branch to trunk and create new branch when new feature implementation starts.
Worked in Agile TDD environment using SDLC tools like GIT, Jira, Jenkins, and Maven for build packaging and deployments of the application components.
Implemented core features of Angular 13 framework such as Dependency Injection, Databinding, Filters, Directives, Templates, Services and Deep Linking Designing.

Graduate Research and Technical Assistant Southern University and A&M College, Baton Rouge, LA Jan 2021 – May 2022
Project Description: This project is completely related to the payroll department in Southern University based out of Baton Rouge (LA). As a team we would maintain the entire track of people who were working under university payroll. This entire project was under the guidance of our professor.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Worked on java to build this project. Created three different users for this project.
Worked on all phases of SDLC.
I have created different login UI using HTML, CSS and BOOTSTRAP.
Created database using MYSQL and used for storage of information of students.
Built logical modules using STRUTS.
Data flow between modules using JSON, ANGULAR
Worked on payments as well as the total number of hours worked by the total number of hours worked by a student
Java Developer NIC Hyderabad Jan 2018 - Dec 2020
Project Description: A government project which deals with the 23 states Government issued license. This project is majorly deals with any kind of issues that they may experience, majorly was working on Road Transport Department. A portal was created to log the issues which is Sarathi.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Worked majorly with database IDE of the project.
Indulged in developing by coding modules of the project.
Handled the coding and development of complete modules from scratch independently.
Proficient in bulk scripting for multiple datasets
Used MySQL and Postgres SQL scripts to update, Delete, Add, and Rename different elements in different schemas.
I used to insert images and signatures with my scripts.
Database scripts ae used to solve the tickets, every script will modify the Database of the entire whole project.
Post deployment I was individually handling the bugs raised and making the necessary changes on the code which made the product user friendly. These challenges made coding more interesting.
Knowledge on testing during coding as it is part of flow of coding. Where I was dealing with the bugs raised by our QA team.
The entire team was dealing with 23 states out of which I have been assigned 2 states. Where I need to solve every issue either with respect to frontend, backend and issues regarding database.
Worked with tools like Redmine and SVN during this project.

PROJECT EXPERIENCE

•I did my masters project on educational certificate authenticator using ava as main programing language. I wrote the logic using spring. I have used Junit for writing test cases. I worked with different databases like Oracle and MYSQL.I have also developed student payroll portal using Angular and JavaScript. In the payroll project I have mainly dealt with Front End UI part of the project.
•Completed both my Mini and Major projects on Cloud Computing in association with RedHat during my under-graduation. My mini-project was “Cloud-Based Student Chat-Bot” where we designed a virtual assistant that can be used via a third-party mobile application that provided information about college events, career fairs, Scholarships, etc. to students. I have worked on writing business logic for this project using advance Java and Hibernate using ORM relationship. We have used the MYSQL Database for storing the data. During the functionality of project, we have integrated with cloud.
•Both my bachelor’s projects were team projects, and I was the project leader of my team. My Major project was a Web Application that helped E-learning by generating automatic question papers for exams for Institutions from already stored question banks where the questions can be added by professors and students, who can prepare for the exams from the question bank that was already present preventing out of syllabus questions.
Contact this candidate