Radha Nayakanti
Ph no: +1-470-***-**** Email ID: ad6wnj@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/radha-nayakanti-837049128/
Java Full Stack Developer

Professional Summary

●Full Stack Java Developer with over 6+ years of experience in analysis, development, testing, implementing Web based, Client/Server Applications along with Enterprise and Distributed applications across the entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Java and J2EE Technologies.
●Experience in building web application using various Spring Framework features like Spring IOC, Spring MVC, Spring AOP, Spring Batch, Spring Boot and Spring Security.
●Experience in using Hibernate for the Object Relational Mapping (ORM) to transfer and connect the database and used Hibernate/JPA for mapping Java classes with database using HQL.
●Experience in using J2EE applications on different IDE’s like Eclipse and NetBeans.
●Experience in using various extensible Markup Languages (XML) technologies like XPath, XQuery, XSLT, XSD, SAX, DOM and JAXB.
●Strong experience in using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to design and develop client’s business requirements by fully using HTML5, CSS3, Java17, Java 19, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, SASS, Angular 10/11/17, ReactJS, Bootstrap with web page cross browser compatibility and responsive web design and Server scripting language like Node JS.
●Experience in Core Java Such as OOPs, Collections, Exceptions Handling, Input/output (I/O) System, Swing, Annotations, Multi-Threading, Lambda Expressions and Generics.
●Experience working on Swagger Code gen, an open source to build server stubs and client SDKs directly from a Swagger defined RESTful API.
●Experience in Docker Engine and Docker Machine environment, to deploy the micro services-oriented environments for scalable application.
●Experience in Amazon Web Services (Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon Simple DB, Amazon RDS, Amazon Elastic Load Balancing, Amazon SQS, AWS Identity and access management, AWS Cloud Watch, Amazon EBS and Amazon Cloud Front).
●Experience in developing both SOAP and REST based web services using Jersey, spring and CXF. Extensive experience in JSON, JAXB, JAXP and hands on experience creating Web Services based on REST framework.
●Experience in working with NoSQL Database like MongoDB to manage extremely large data sets.
●Experience in SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL, Views, Functions, Stored Procedures and Triggers.
●Experience working with Agile SCRUM methodology and working in pairs.
●Excellent communication, interpersonal and analytical skills and a highly motivated team player with the ability to work independently.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages
Java, SQL, PL/SQL, Python, Swift
Web Technologies
Angular, Typescript, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, ReactJS, React Native, HTML5, CSS3, XML, DOM, Servlets
Methodologies
Agile, Scrum
Spring Frameworks
Spring, Spring Boot, Hibernate
IDE/Scripting
Eclipse, Angular 10/8, Angular.JS, Node.js, JavaScript, Bootstrap
App servers
Apache Tomcat
Databases/Tools
Oracle, SQL Server, DB2, My-SQL, PL/SQL Developer, MongoDB
Design/Version Control
SVN, GIT
Operating Systems
Windows, Linux, UNIX
IDE & Build Tools
Eclipse, IntelliJ, NetBeans, Ant, Gradle, Maven

Education
Master’s in Computer Science
College/University Name: Northwest Missouri State University, Maryville.
Year of graduation-2022.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

American Airlines, Remote Jan 2024 to Till Date
Software Engineer

Responsibilities:

Developed SPAs using Angular, NodeJS to provide users with dynamic content loading features and better performance.
Design and development of User Interface using Angular JS, HTML5, TypeScript, JQuery and JSON.
Maintained and updated a GraphQL layer to allow retrieval and updates of user interactions with MongoDB database.
Implementing the next-gen API using GraphQL.
Designed and implemented the MongoDB schema and wrote services to store and retrieve product data from the MongoDB.
Integrated GraphQL and REST APIs in the product module, allowing for a hybrid approach that optimized data delivery depending on context.
Used Git, GitHub to do code review and code management.
Involved in client requirement gathering, analysis & application design.

Environment: Java, Spring Boot, Micro Services, HTML5, JavaScript, Node.JS, MongoDB, JUnit, Agile.

Amazon, Pittsburgh Sep 2022 to Dec 2023
Software Development Engineer

Responsibilities:
Involved in Design, Development and Support phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Used the fundamentals of Java 11 like parallel streams and filters through lambda expressions to handle the searching.
Maintained Interface compatibility and concurrency in the project using Java 11 new features like default, static methods and Concurrency API.
Developed the monolithic architecture using Spring MVC framework.
Involved in writing the action classes and from beans for different modules using Spring MVC.
Used Micro service architecture, with Spring Boot based services interacting through a combination of REST and Apache Kafka message brokers.
Building cloud Micro services and implemented back-end using Spring Boot.
Designed, developed, and maintained RESTful services using Spring Boot, enabling seamless communication between frontend and backend systems.
Leveraged Spring Data JPA for efficient and scalable data access, ensuring optimal performance in database operations.
Developed micro services with spring and tested the application using Spring Boot.
Worked with Micro service architecture using Spring Boot to modularized code and implemented Rest API’s using Spring Rest.
Developed the front-end featuring rich web interface implemented using HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap for responsive design.
Developed UI for web platform using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery and Bootstrap.
Developed Node.JS Readable and Writable streams to process the data from the external source of the application.
Worked on Java Messaging Services (JMS) for developing messaging services.
Worked on Docker hub, creating Docker images and handling multiple images primarily for middleware installations and domain configurations.
Architected and implemented a microservices-based architecture for our application, utilizing Docker containers for seamless deployment and scalability.
Orchestrated multi-container deployments using Docker Compose to define and manage the composition of microservices, facilitating easy local development setups and testing environments.
Involved in designing and deploying multitude applications utilizing almost the entire AWS stack (Including EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, SNS, SQS, IAM) focusing on high-availability, fault tolerance, and auto-scaling in AWSCloudFormation.
Worked on running integrated testing using JUNIT for building the data structures required for the Web Service.
Implemented and maintained Gradle-based build scripts for multiple projects, ensuring consistent and efficient build processes across the development team.
Consumed SOAP and REST Web Services to retrieve the information from the back end.
Used AGILE methodology and participated in SCRUM meetings.
Performed thorough unit testing and resolved several data related issues before migration to production.

Environment: Java 11, spring, MVC, Spring Boot, Micro Services, Hibernate, Docker, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Node.JS, XML, JMS, REST, AWS, SOAP, EJB, Log4j, JUnit, Jenkins, DynamoDB, S3, IAM, Agile.

Northwest Missouri State University, MO Jan 2022 to May 2022
Site Developer

Responsibilities:
Development of a SPA involving data manipulations fetched from REST APIs using Java 1.7 and Spring-MVC.
Designed and developed the application using Angular 17 framework along with HTML5, CSS3, Typescript.
Develop and consume RESTFUL Web Services using Node JS and JAVA as backend.
Updated the applications with new features of Angular.
Used Spring Framework for Dependency Injection and integrated with Hibernate DAOs as part of SPA application mainly used by Business.
Adhered to coding standards by covering Java Junit and Angular Unit Test Coverage to industry standard using Power Mock, Mockito respectively.
Analysis of Health reports using SonarQube and thereby working on improvements as needed.
Developed REST APIs to be exposed to dependent service teams. Also, consumed same from internal teams.
Played a key role in automating test cases to improve software quality and reduce manual testing efforts.
Worked in a DevSecOps environment, ensuring automated testing is an integral part of the development process.
Used Mongo Chef and Mongo Client for Data insertion, fetch, and update operations in MongoDB through NodeJS.
Ensured vulnerable free code by handling vulnerabilities efficiently and pushed vulnerable free code into production.
SPA is using Angular10 and Angular 11 as UI with Lazy load implementation.

Environment: Java 8, spring, MVC, Spring Boot, Micro Services, Eclipse, Hibernate, RESTful, DAO, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular 8, Node.JS, XML, JMS, JUnit, MongoDB, SQL.

TCS, India July 2017 to Aug 2021
Software Developer

Responsibilities:
Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like Requirement gathering, Design, Analysis and Code development.
Used features like concurrency, Stream’s, Filters API and Lambda functions and Functional interface java 8 programming.
Developed using new features of Java 1.8 annotations, Generics, enhanced for loop and Enums.
Used Java JDK 1.8 features like Lambda expressions and functional interfaces, wherever possible.
Used Spring MVC framework for developing the web application to isolate the application layers.
Developed modules using Spring Framework for Dependency injection through configuration files and ease the integration of different frameworks.
Development of cloud hosted web applications and REST APIs using Spring Boot with embedded Tomcat.
Developed the application as a Spring Boot App to get a range of non-functional features.
Designed and developed Micro Services business components using Spring Boot and deployed in the cloud.
Worked on creation of custom Docker container images, tagging, pushing images, integration of Spring Boot.
Used Swagger Framework, actualizing the RESTful API and Swagger gives the rich UI to test API.
Developed Node.JS Readable and Writable streams to process the data from the external source of the application.
Designed and implemented the user interface using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Node.js, NPM and Angular.JS.
Designed and developed web interface using Angular 8 to generate and run the hive query to analyze the data and view the results.
Created Angular.JS controllers, directives, models for different modules in the front end.
Worked with Node.JS framework including authoring complex directives, services, controllers and filters.
Developed of XML files, Schema’s and parsing them by using both SAX and DOM parser’s.
Implemented different types of messaging prototypes using JMS.
Worked on creation of Docker container images, tagging, pushing images, integrating Spring Boot, created the Docker containers and Docker consoles for managing the application life cycle.
Managed Amazon Web Services (AWS) like EC2, S3 bucket, ELB, Auto-Scaling, SNS, SQS, AMI, IAM, Dynamo DB, Elastic search, Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) through AWS Console and API Integration.
Developed business layer components using enterprise java beans (EJB).
Used Log4j for logging various levels of information like error, info, and debug into the log files.
JUnit is used to develop and run our test cases.
Jenkins is used for continuous deployment and Continuous integration process.
Developed web services SOAP, WSDL and web services clients using JAXB and XML, implemented SOA architecture.
Used MongoDB as a NoSQL for storing JSON data.
Written SQL queries PL SQL Stored procedures, functions, triggers, cursors, sequences, and indexes, which are going to be invoked by Batch processes.
Actively participated and provided feedback in a constructive and insightful manner during weekly Iterative review meetings to track the progress for each iterative cycle and figure out the issues.

Environment: Java 8, spring, MVC, Spring Boot. Micro Services, Eclipse, Hibernate, RESTful, DAO, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular 8, Node.JS, XML, JMS, Docker, EJB, Log4j, JUnit, Jenkins, SOAP, MongoDB, SQL, Agile and Windows.

TCS, India Jan 2017 – April 2017
Software Developer Intern

Responsibilities:
Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like
Used Java JDK 1.8 features like Lambda expressions and functional interfaces, wherever possible.
Used Spring MVC framework for developing the web application to isolate the application layers.
Developed modules using Spring Framework for Dependency injection through configuration files and ease the integration of different frameworks.
Development of cloud hosted web applications and REST APIs using Spring Boot with embedded Tomcat.
Developed the application as a Spring Boot App to get a range of non-functional features.
Designed and developed Micro Services business components using Spring Boot and deployed in the cloud.
Used Swagger Framework, actualizing the RESTful API and Swagger gives the rich UI to test API.
Designed and implemented the user interface using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and Angular.JS.
Designed and developed web interface using Angular 8 to generate and run the hive query to analyze the data and view the results.
JUnit is used to develop and run our test cases.
Involved in Creating MongoDB topics, partitions, writing custom practitioner classes.

Environment: Java 8, spring, MVC, Spring Boot. Micro Services, Eclipse, Hibernate, RESTful, DAO, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular 8, Node.JS, XML, JMS, Docker, EJB, Log4j, JUnit, SOAP, MongoDB, SQL, Agile and Windows.
Contact this candidate