Sai.M
Email: ad6y2h@r.postjobfree.com Ph:
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

● Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 11 Developer with 8+ years of IT experience as a Full Stack Java developer in Analysis, Object oriented design, development, implementation, and maintenance of software applications using Java/J2EE technologies using methodologies like Agile/Scrum and Waterfall.
●Strong programming experience using Java, Servlets, JSP, Java Script, JDBC, JSF, XML, EJB, Struts, Spring MVC, Ajax, Hibernate, JDBC, HTML, DHTML, CSS and Web Services.
●Experience in working with Angular 6/8 modules, services, templates, directives, services and dependency injection to create a Single page Applications.
●Experience in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Flux concept.
●Experience in core Java concepts like Multithreading, Data Structures such as Queue, Linked lists and Sorting Algorithms, Collections, generics, and Exception Handling concepts.
●Experience with Java 8 features like Date Time API, Optional, Streams API, parallel streams and filters
through lambda expressions.
●Good knowledge on Amazon AWS Cloud, EC2, S3, VPC, ELB, AMI, SNS, RDS, IAM, Lambda, Route 53, Auto Scaling, cloud front, cloud watch, cloud trail, cloud formation, OPS work, Security Groups.
●Extensively worked on various design patterns such as Factory, Singleton, Session Facade, Prototype,
Adapter and Abstract Factory in the development of Multi-Tier distributed Enterprise Applications.
●Worked extensively with API Management product of Apigee edge in consuming the Apis in implementing customer use cases.
●Extensive experience in design, development, and implementation of Model - View-Controller frame works using Struts and Spring MVC.
●Excellent knowledge on Spring Core features such as Dependency Injection, Annotations and XML based Configurations.
●Hands-on experience with Spring AOP using Advice, Aspects and AOP Processor, Spring AOP and JPA.
●Extensive experience in development and implementation of ORM framework Hibernate/ Hibernate with Spring Data Access.
●Good knowledge on Object Oriented Programming (OOP), Analysis and Design (OOAD) concepts.
●Experience in Web Services Technologies like SOAP and REST with spring and implemented SOA architecture with web services.
●Strong programming skills in designing and implementation of multi-tier applications using web-based technologies like Spring MVC and Spring Boot.
●Great experience in using Spring Boot to develop REST APIs using Microservices architecture.
●Well Acquainted with RDBMS like Oracle 9i/10g/11g/12c, MySQL, DB2, PostgreSQL, MySQL and Teradata Databases and proficient in developing Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, and Packages besides writing DDL, DML and Transaction queries with development tools like TOAD and Rapid SQL.
●Proficient in using NoSQL databases like MongoDB, Cassandra to support the storage of JSON objects.
●Implemented unit testing by writing Test plans, Test cases and performed Junit testing for server-side code.
●Experience in testing tools like Mockito, automated Power Mockito, cucumber, Jenkins, Selenium, Jasmine
●Experience in working with application server technologies like IBM WebSphere 9/10.x, WebLogic,
Apache Tomcat and JBoss 5/4.
●Experience with CI/CD pipelines to integrate the Java code with DevOps practices and deploy micro services.
on docker containers.
●Experience in working with projects utilizing test-driven development (TDD), BDD and Acceptance Test-driven
development (ATDD) methodologies.
●Hands on experience with build and deployment tools including Ant /Jenkins/ Maven/Gradle, logging and Debugging using Slf4J and Log4J.
●Experience with Use-Case design, Class and Sequence diagrams using UML.
●Good working knowledge on version control softwares such as TFS, GIT and Bitbucket.
●Good working experience in application development using IDEs like Eclipse and NetBeans, IntelliJ.
●Worked with a team consisting of different levels of officials with proven experiences and in coordination with clients and offshore teams. Additionally, given KT (Knowledge transfer) is given to the application developers.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Programming Languages
C, C++, Java, Kotlin, SQL, PL/SQL.
J2EE Technologies
Servlets, JSP, JSTL, EJB, JMS, JDBC.
Web Technologies
HTML5, CSS3, XML, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Angular 2/4, Node.js, Bootstrap, React.js
Java Frameworks
Struts, Spring Boot, Rest API, Spring Core, Spring Integration, Spring Security Spring MVC, AOP, Spring Security.
IDE’s
Eclipse, IntelliJ, Spring Tool Suite, Visual Studio Code
UML Tools
MS Visio, Rational Rose Enterprise.
Cloud
AWS -EC2, S3, CLI, Cloud Watch, ELB, EBS, RDS, SNS, VPC,SDK, Lambda
Azure - Azure Functions, Azure Portal
Servers
Oracle Web logic, IBM Web Sphere, JBoss and Apache Tomcat 9.0/8.0/7.0.
Logging Tools
Log4j, SLF4J, Splunk, Kibana
Databases

Oracle 8i/9i/10g/11g/12c, DB2, SQL Server 2000/2008/2012, MySQL, MS Access, PostgreSQL, MongoDB
Build Tools
Maven, ANT, Gradle.

Web Services
REST, SOAP, JAX-RS, JAX-WS.
Messaging Technologies
JMS, IBM MQ SERIES, KAFKA, RabbitMQ
Operating Systems
Windows, Unix/Linux, iOS.
Testing
Junit, Mockito, Selenium, Cucumber
Bug Tracking Tools
JIRA, Rally
Web Services and Tools
REST, SOAP, Postman, Swagger, SoapUI
Version Control
TFS, BITBUCKET, GIT.

CERTIFICATIONS:

●Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 11 Developer. (Click here to view badge).

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Sr.Developer
Client: Evernorth Health Services (Cigna), Morris Plains, NJ Jan 2023 - Present

Description: Userpermission Clientrules
The Clientrules application is a robust security solution that validates user access within specific enrollment plan hierarchies, offering support for three distinct security models: Racf, HC360, and Evernorth. Additionally, it offers services for viewing active enrollments linked to individual users, enhancing overall security and access management.

Responsibilities:
●Involve in meetings with the Business team and Product owners to gather the requirements from Business users.
●Analyze and understand the requirements and create respective user stories and define appropriate acceptance criteria.
●Develop REST Apis for ClientRules Golang version whose Kotlin Spring Boot version is in production.
●Creating Redis Enterprise Instances to help cache the data while moving applications from PCF to OpenShift.
●Do code reviews of teammates and provide necessary feedback to maintain code readability and improved performance.
●Actively participating in migration of application from PCF to OpenShift which involves OCP namespace creation, pod creations, allocation of memory resources of namespace.
●I have actively contributed to orchestration in project workflows, optimizing processes and enhancing automation for efficient project management.
●Proficiently modeled request and response body changes for an existing service, utilizing Objectmapper for serialization and deserialization to optimize data processing capability.
●Work with Quality Analyst to make sure all the test cases are satisfied, and code goes live bug free.
●Debug the reported bugs and provide a fix to it.
●I actively participated in mitigating vulnerabilities within projects, implementing strategies to remove known security risks and enhance overall project resilience.
●Use Jenkins as Continuous Integration tool to deploy ClientRules application by implementing the CI/CD
methodologies.
●Involve in cutting the release branch of application and participate in release activities.
●Monitor the application metrics using New Relic/Dynatrace to ensure good application health with no downtime.

Environment: Java 8, Kotlin, Golang, Spring, Spring Boot, Microservices, JFrog Artifactory, Dynatrace, postman, Swagger, REST, Maven, Git, JUnit, Mockito, PostgreSQL, NewRelic, Splunk, SumoLogic, DataBricks, ArgoCD, OpenShift, PCF, AppExpress, Redis Insight, Redis Enterprise.

Sr. Java Full Stack Developer
Client: Kroger Co., Cincinnati, OH Sep 2021 - Jan 2023

Description: Personalized Nutrition
The main objective and goal of the project is to develop a product offering which consists of insurance plans or government institutions ordering Dietitian-curated Product Assortments and having them mailed out on the Kroger Ship framework either directly to patients/customers or to distribution centers who ship them.
Insurance companies and government institutions like Anthem, State of Washington sends down a excel file consisting of orders including the Name, address, Member Id of their respective patients/customers every month for us to process these files and validate their addresses and submit these orders to either distribution centers to ship these orders out to the customers or ship them directly. Each order is an Assortment box containing a different set of food items based on our dietitian for every month. The Personalized Nutrition team receives these files and processes them and ships them out every month.

Responsibilities:
●Work with back-end services using Java 11, Spring, Spring boot, Microservices.
●Involve in migration of Java 8 to Java 11.
●Develop the server-side code using Kotlin and Database repositories with Golang.
●Work and develop Azure functions with JavaScript and Node as runtime environment for Processing and submitting orders to the fulfillment centers.
●Maintain and develop existing MYSQL databases.
●Work with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and React Js for the UI development and enhancements.
●Use React Js, React query, react-redux for the Dashboard of the application.
●Involve in migration of our current code bases from High security PCF to Kubernetes K8s.
●Work with Docker to dockerize our current projects to build a Docker image and deploy to Kubernetes K8s.
●Develop Azure functions for sending out reports to internal business teams and Vendors using Java 11.
●Involve in support and addressing issues that Customer service representatives (CSR) raise.
●Experience with Echo, Dynatrace and Azure portal to monitor and logging alerts of the application.
●Use Git as Version control to collaborate and contribute to the code repositories.
●Experience with Maven, Gradle as build tools to build the projects.
●Experience with JFrog Artifactory to build the projects and upload the artifacts to Artifactory SAAS and Artifactory Edge.
●Utilized Vertx framework to develop and deploy a high-performance microservice, leveraging its event-driven architecture to ensure scalability and responsiveness in a distributed system.
●Use GitHub actions to build and deploy to Dev, test, stage and Production.
●Write unit test and Integration test cases using JUnit, Mockito, React-Testing library and Jest frameworks to test the functionality and to ensure a bug free code.
●Participate in Weekly Mobbing sessions, pair programming to collectively discuss and code.
●Participate in code reviews.

Environment: Java 11, Java 8, Kotlin, JavaScript, Golang, React, HTML, CSS, Node.js, Spring, Spring boot, Vertx microservices, JFrog Artifactory, Echo, Dynatrace, postman, swagger, REST, Maven, Gradle, Git, Azure functions, JUnit, Mockito, MYSQL, React-testing-library, Jest.

Sr Java Full Stack Developer
Client: Blue Cross Blue Shield, Birmingham, AL Apr 2020 - Aug 2021

Description:
Blue Cross Blue Shield is a healthcare company which offers health insurance services. We worked on creating a portal for providers where they can submit claims and authorization requests. Requests are handled by a set of business rules on our end, if the business rules are not able to provide the response to the authorization requests, provider relations teams will get a notification of the same on a provider relations portal where they go through the requests manually and authorize them.

Responsibilities:
●Worked in an Agile environment for designing and coding applications where we have bi-weekly sprint with Sprint planning, daily scrums, sprint retrospective meetings and backlog refinement meetings.
● Followed Test-Driven Development (TDD) where we write test cases prior to development and have the code developed to have the test cases passed.
● Created and Developed User Interface designs using HTML5 for high flexibility and efficiency, CSS3 for styling purposes.
●Developed Single Page Applications using Angular 7 to improve user experience and for better network utilization.
●Created various Modules/Controllers/Components/Directives for the application using Angular 7 framework to load the content dynamically and to interact with servers on the analytics dashboard of the SOA services. Configured routing in the application for the components using Angular Router Module.
●Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component.
based architecture provided by Angular 7.
●Worked on the Object-Oriented design methodology and Core Java concepts such as multi- threading, exception handling, generics, annotations, Collections and I/O.
●Used Java 8 features like Java Time API to streamline the process of working with time and Java stream API for bulk data operations on collections and lambda expressions for callbacks and event listeners.
●Used Spring JDBC Template for object-to-relational mapping from the database and creating POJOs.
●Worked on Spring MVC architecture which follows the Model-View-Controller design pattern which implements all features of spring framework like Inversion of Control, Dependency Injection, Aspect Oriented Programming (AOP).
●Employed Spring Boot to initialize and bootstrap the build configuration for the web applications.
●Developed Microservices RESTful APIs using Spring Boot that provides fast and efficient data
exchange against NoSQL Databases.
●Configured Kafka to read, write messages from external programs and to handle data coming from back end services.
●Implemented Kafka producer and consumer applications on Kafka cluster setup with help of Zookeeper.
●Utilized Apache camel for micro services orchestrations to reduce the network load from Client-Side Applications.
●Involved in configuring Hibernate mapping files/annotations and POJO objects.
●Worked on WSO2 API manager by writing microservices and have them exposed on from API manager where all the front-end applications would consume from.
●Used Hibernate, JPA to interact with persistence layer and make the business transactions satisfy ACID properties.
using JTA spec (CMT) and BMT.
●Worked on Cassandra database concepts such as locking, transactions, indexes, Shading, replication, schema design. Created multiple databases with shared collections and choosing shard key based on the requirements. Experience in managing Cassandra environment from availability, performance and scalability perspectives.
●Worked on Swagger UI to generate interactive API documentation and to try out the API calls directly in the browser.
●Tested the JavaScript files using MOCHA framework, to test both synchronous and asynchronous code.
●Used JUnit/Mockito/Selenium to perform unit testing of applications. Created test conditions/test data.
●Utilized API testing tools like SOAP UI and POSTMAN for testing Restful Web Services.
●Worked with Git for configuration management and version control.
●Used Maven for dependency management and for building the applications and used JFrog as the antifactory repository.
●Used Log4j for logging Errors and publishing logging information to various preferred destinations.
●Used Jenkins as Continuous Integration tool to deploy Spring Boot Microservices by implementing the CI/CD methodologies.
●Involved in setting up EC2 instances and installed required configurations and deployed applications on it.
●Created S3 buckets for storing object level data into it and used static website features and deployed static website application content into S3. Configured AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) Groups and Users for Improved Login authentication.
●Used to work in DevOps workflow and automated the deployments life cycles by using testing frameworks such as Junit, Spock to AWS cloud using Jenkins CI/CD pipelines and leveraged AWS orchestration tools such as Elastic Bean Stalk and ECS and achieved monitoring using cloud watch integrations.
●Used JFrog repository for storing artifacts.
●Worked with Agile Scrum team to resolve issues, perform code correction to defects and redeploy code to QA branch, review with QA for retesting fixed bugs and close defects.

Environment: J2EE, Java8, HTML5, CSS3, Angular 7, TypeScript, Bootstrap, Design Patterns, Spring MVC, Spring Boot, JSON, XML, Micro services, Restful, WSO2 API manager, Swagger, Mocha, SQL, Log4j, MongoDB, GIT, GitHub, Jira, Jenkins, Gradle, Amazon EC2, IAM, Amazon S3, Junit, Selenium, Mockito, Postman, SoapUI, JFrog.

Java Full Stack Developer
Client: KinderCare Learning Companies, Portland, OR Feb 2019- Mar 2020

Description:
KinderCare Learning Centers is an American operator of for-profit child care and early childhood education facilities founded in 1969 and currently owned by KinderCare Education. The company provides educational programs for children from six weeks to 12 years old. Some 200,000 children are enrolled in more than 1,600 early childhood education community centers, over 600 before-and-after school programs, and over 100 employer-sponsored centers in 39 states and the District of Columbia.

Responsibilities:
●Involved in the entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the project like Requirement gathering, Conceptual design, Analysis, Detail design, Development, System Testing, and User Acceptance.
●Worked in Agile software development, attended daily scrum meetings, sprint planning meeting and sprint retrospective and tracked the progress on Rally and defect tracking.
●Actively participated in user story discussions and planning to analyze the level of effort on project specifications. Also involved in development and grooming of Project Backlog stories with business and technology partners.
●Designed the front-end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, XHTML, CSS3, BOOTSTRAP.
●Worked in using React JS components for reusable UI elements, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.
●Implemented React components and one-way data binding to achieve composition, stability.
and inter-operability in the application.
●Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application and Implemented drag and drop functionality using React-Draggable.
●Used java SE8 features like stream, lambda expressions, and functional interface and type annotations and also worked with core java concepts like Multithreading, Transaction Management, and Exception Handling.
●Owned and maintained smooth transition from legacy products to newer version of Apigee Edge and some of the customers who were using competition products are migrated successfully.
●Developed web services using Spring Framework (Dependency Injection, Auto wiring, Caching, Database Connectivity, SOAP Client API) which communicates with various service layers and configuring the spring xml files.
●Used Spring JDBC Template and its provided methods to connect to the database and execute SQL queries.
●Made use of Spring Dependency Injection (DI) to enable loose coupling between the components.
●Integrated Spring Security and spring OAUTH2 for application security and API security.
●Responsible for migrating existing modules in IBM MQ to Apache Kafka and worked on creating Kafka adaptors for decoupling the application dependency.
●Designed Database schema, created complex SQL queries for CRUD (creating, reading, updating and deleting) operations in database and wrote stored procedures for retrieving data.
●Substantially acquainted with SOA (Service Oriented Architecture) and developed Web services using Apache CXF to achieve flexibility when deploying the applications.
●Used SonarQube to measure code coverage, code standard compliance and unit test results.
●Utilized Junit, Mockito, Selenium framework for unit test coverage of the code and Used Swagger for documenting test Restful web services.
●Configured and deployed web applications using web servers like Apache Tomcat.
●Tested Restful API’S sand Soap Web services Using SOAPUI and POSTMAN.
●Setup and Configured Jenkins for Continuous Integration and Deployment process.
●Used Log4J to be logging, debugging, and providing warning and info on the server console.
●Worked with Git for configuration management and version control. Utilized NGINX HTTPS Load balancer to setup inverse proxy server.
●Contributes to an atmosphere of cross-functional teamwork within the organization's agile project lifecycle.
Environment: AWS, J2EE, Java 8, Tomcat, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Angular 2, Spring, Swagger, Multithreading, JDBC, Web Services, REST, SOAP UI, Teradata SQL Assistant, Maven, JUnit, Mockito, Jenkins, GIT, Sonar.

Java Developer
Client: Ericom Software, Closter, NJ Nov 2017- Jan 2019

Description: Ericom Blaze
The application is used for compression and network-based data schemes for accessing and accelerating data transfer through Remote Desktop Protocols. This application also accelerates the access through the VMWare View Connection Broker. The application has also been known to improve display and graphic rich content over a Wide Area Network (WAN).

Responsibilities:
●Actively involved in analysis, detail design, development, bug fixing and enhancement in Agile methodology Involve in daily SCRUM and sprint planning meetings.
●Designed and developed the application using AngularJS framework along with HTML5, CSS3, Java Script, Bootstrap, Node.js, NPM.
●Moved existing AngularJS controllers and services to AngularJS components for more responsive and less dependency.
●Developed single page applications and Enhanced legacy applications by building new components in Angular JS and JavaScript.
●Utilized AngularJS dependency injection to inject custom services and created custom directives
for reusable components.
●Developed Angular-JS components such as controllers, Services, filters, models.
●Worked with JSON web tokens for authentication and authorization security configurations using Node.js.
●Worked with npm commands and using package.json for managing dependencies and dev-dependencies of Node js applications.
●Used core Java concepts like Collections, Generics, Exception handling, multithreading, IO, Singleton Concurrency to develop business logic. Involved in using Data Structures such as Queue, Linked lists, and Sorting Algorithms.
●Design and develop application codes using Java/JEE patterns, XML, SOAP, REST, Spring Framework, and Hibernate Framework and used Singleton as the Design pattern.
●Utilized working knowledge of J2EE/Java and Spring, and Hibernate to troubleshoot technical issues, error messages, bugs with the software and availability.
●Connected to SQL database using Hibernate to perform CRUD (Create, Retrieve, Update, Delete) operations.
●Developed SOAP based web Services as API using spring and deployed on Jetty/Tomcat containers.
●Developed back-end interfaces using embedded MySQL, PL/SQL packages, stored procedures, Functions, Procedures, Exceptions Handling in PL/SQL programs, Triggers.
●Involved in agile software methodologies using TEST DRIVEN DEVELOPMENT (TDD).
●Used JIRA to keep track of sprint user stories across the board, increase productivity, and Communication.
●Configured and created application log files using slf4j required to trace messages.
●Used SOAPUI and Postman for local testing of SOAP and Restful webservices.
●Involved in Requirements gathering and Designed Application flows and developed UML diagrams.
●Utilized Bamboo Continuous Integration and delivery tool (CI/CD) to automate builds and tests in a single workflow.
●Involved in fixing bugs and unit testing with test cases using Junit and Mockito framework.
●Used TFS as Distributed version control system and branching for creating features and making bug fixes.

Environment:HTML5,CSS3, Javascript,JQuery,NodeJS,ExpressJS,JSON,XML,Hibernate,SpringFramework, Ajax, ORM, SQL, MySQL, TFS,Junit,Mockito,SoapUI,slf4j,Bamboo CI/CD tool.

Jr Java Developer
Client: Canon EMEA, Mumbai, India Jan 2016- Oct 2017

Description:
Canon is a leading provider of consumer, business-to-business, and industrial digital imaging solutions company. Our work was to do the enhancements and fix bugs in an already existing E-commerce site of both B2C and B2B modules. We also need to make sure that end-to-end user journey is smooth, and users have good shopping experience and develop a sustainable system to take good amount of traffic during peak sale period.

Responsibilities:
●Used Waterfall Model for designing, implementing and developing the Application and started to utilize Agile development methodologies.
●Used HTML and CSS to generate static pages and to enable styling for the front-end of application.
●Programmed JavaScript data capture and event handling methods via the DOM model and performed UI validations using JavaScript.
●Implemented Core Java concepts like Polymorphism, Inheritance, Abstraction (Object Oriented Programming Concepts), Multithreading and worked extensively with Java Collection classes like List, Set, Map etc.
●Involved in developing various reusable Helper and Utility classes using Java, which are being used across all the modules of the application.
●Generated POJO (Plain Old Java Objects) classes to map to the database table.
●Wrote SQL queries to retrieve data from the database using JDBC.
●Designed and developed web-based modules using Java Servlets which are used as controllers to delegate requests to various JSPs.
● Used Kibana for reading logs.
●Designed database schema and created complex SQL queries for creating, reading, updating and deleting data in Oracle 10g database.
●Developed JUnit test cases for testing back-end logic written in Java.
Environment: Waterfall, Agile, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, Java OOPS, Java Multithreading, Java Collection, SQL, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, Singleton Design Pattern, Oracle 10g, Struts, POJO, Junit.
Contact this candidate