Sri Harsha Kandala
ad73x7@r.postjobfree.com
484-***-****

Summary
oJava Developer with 6+ years of experience in the full SDLC creating dynamic web applications. Updates functionality based on customer requirements to ensure excellent user experience.
oExperience in developing the application with Agile Methodology, Waterfall Methodology and Test-Driven Development.
oDeveloped UI using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Reactjs.
oWorked on Redux-thunk and Redux-Saga, Axios, Webpack’s, React Hooks.
oWorked on Reactjs lifecycle methods like componentDidMount, componentWillUnmount.
oWorked on React-Redux store for holding the state of the application.
oManaged Amazon Web Services (AWS) like EC2, S3 bucket.
oExperience in deploying the Microservices in Amazon ECS cluster.
oUsed API Gateway which is integrated with AWS lambda functions.
oProficient in developing J2EE enterprise applications in Micro Service Architecture.
oUse of APIGEE for API management for certain operations.
oGood working knowledge with Java 1.8 and implemented its features like Lambda Expressions, Streams, functional interfaces, Collectors, default methods, foreach.
oProficient in developing J2EE enterprise applications in Micro Service Architecture.
oDeveloped applications in Java using OOPS, Multithreading, Collections Framework, Exception Handling, Generics, Database connections and TDD.
oHands on Experience in developing web applications using Spring framework modules like Spring AOP, Spring Boot, Spring Batch.
oHaving experience with Cloud Computing environment like Amazon Web Services (AWS)
oExperience in JMS over messaging to exchange the information in more reliable and asynchronously for enterprise applications using RabbitMQ, Kafka.
oProficient with build automation tools like Maven builds and deployments to different environments.
oExperience on different IDEs such as Eclipse, Spring Tool Suite, IntelliJ, and deployment using Application Servers like Apache Tomcat.
oExperience with JUnit, Mockito, Log4j in developing test cases and determining application functionality.
oDecent Experience in using code repository tools GIT.
oStrong communication and analytical skills and a demonstrated ability to handle multiple tasks as well as work independently or in a team.

Technical Skills
oProgramming Languages: Java/J2EE, SQL
oFrameworks/Web Services: Spring Boot, Hibernate and REST
oAPI Management: Apigee
oMessaging Brokers: RabbitMQ
oUI Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Reactjs
oIDE’s/Version Control: Eclipse, STS, IntelliJ, Git
oUnit Testing: Junit and Mockito

Work Experience

Guidehouse, Java Full Stack Developer Feb 2021 – Till Date
Client Location: Rockville, Maryland

Description: Guidehouse brings a unique combination of deep domain expertise and advanced technologies experience to deliver solutions that are the “best fit” for the customers. The primary objective of the project is to design a web- application that contains a machine learning component which predicts the likelihood of audit findings for an organization. This User interface also returns aggregate data from SAM.gov, USASpending.gov, Form 990 from IRS, Federal Audit Clearinghouse.
Roles and Responsibilities:
oAnalysis, design, development, and testing of java applications.
oWorked on High level and low-level system design, planning, estimation and implementation.
oTaking part in code reviews for efficient code development and support formal testing to resolve defects.
oWorked on Java 1.8 features such as Lambda Expressions for making anonymous inline function calls by using Functional Interfaces which makes code readable and concise.
oCreate and configured the continuous delivery pipelines for deploying Microservices into PCF cloud.
oUsed React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.
oWorked on Webpack for build and webpack-dev-server a server.
oWorked on Redux-thunk, Redux-Saga, Axios, Webpack’s, React Hooks.
oWorked on Reactjs lifecycle methods like componentDidMount, componentWillUnmount.
oWorked on React-Redux store for holding the state of the application.
oWorked on Java 1.8 features such as Streams, functional interfaces, Lambda Expressions for making anonymous inline function calls by using Functional Interfaces which makes code readable and concise.
oExperience in deploying the Microservices in Amazon ECS cluster.
oUsed API Gateway which is integrated with AWS lambda functions.
oManaged Amazon Web Services (AWS) S3 bucket to store the pdfs and API Integration for fetching the stored pdf.
oDeveloped the application with various Spring Framework modules like Spring AOP, Spring Boot
oImplemented Batch jobs to deal with large number of chunks using Spring Batch Framework to execute similar jobs simultaneously.
oDebugging the application using Splunk for API related issues.
oExperience with container-based deployments using Jenkins CI/CD, Docker, Amazon EKS.
oDeployed Spring Boot based microservices Docker containers using Amazon EC2 container services and using AWS console.
oInvolved in using JPA (Java Persistence API) frameworks.
oUse of APIGEE for API management.
oDeveloped Micro Service to provide RESTful API utilizing Spring Boot.
oDeveloped a RESTful based service for data retrieval to make it independent of the current application.
oInvolved in development of Restful web services using Spring Boot in a Spring based project.
oWorked on XML and JSON for transferring and retrieving data between different applications.
oWorked on XSLT and XSD for the transformation and translation of XML.
oIntegrated Jenkin CI/CD into the development process, enhancing team efficiency by automating build and deployment processes.
oUse of APIGEE for API Management.
oUse of SonarQube for code quality.
oGood Understanding in databases such as SQL Server to manage tables, views, indexes, sequences, stored procedures.
oExperience in using JUnit and build tools such as MAVEN.
oCollaborated with testers and developers and prepared test plans for producing high quality software applications
oWorked on Log4j for logging errors, messages, and performance logs

Environment: Java 1.8, J2EE, HTML5, Java Script, CSS3, Spring Boot, OAuth, XML, GIT, JUnit, Maven, Spring Restful, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Jenkins CI/CD, Micro Services, Log4J, MS SQL Server, POSTGRES, JIRA and Spring Tool Suite, Eclipse IDE.

AIG, Java/Spring Boot Developer/UI Developer Oct 2018 – Jan 2021
Client Location: Houston, Texas

Description: AIG (American International Group) provides a range of insurance products to support clients in business and in life, including general property/casualty, life insurance, and retirement and financial services through General Insurance, Life and Retirement and Investments business units. This project mainly deals with life insurance domain where it provides a wide range of policies based on customers choice.
Roles and Responsibilities:
oAnalysis, design, development and testing of java applications.
oActively taking part in application Design, Discussion, and grooming in Agile Process.
oTaking part in code reviews for efficient code development and support formal testing to resolve defects.
oManaging delivery to support both functional and nonfunctional requirements including performance, scalability, reliability, and security.
oWorked on High level and low-level system design, planning, estimation and implementation.
oDeveloped UI using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Reactjs.
oGood Experience in Reactjs for creating interactive UI's using Virtual DOM, JSX concepts.
oUsed React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.
oExperienced in developing React components. Used Axios with Reactjs for making AJAX Calls.
oUsed webpack, babel and gulp for transpilation(compilation) configuration for typescript to be converted to JavaScript.
oWorked on Webpack for build and webpack-dev-server a server.
oFamiliar with creating Custom Reusable React Components Library.
oWorked on Redux-thunk, Redux-Saga, Axios, Webpack’s, React Hooks.
oWorked on Reactjs lifecycle methods like componentDidMount, componentWillUnmount.
oWorked on React-Redux store for holding the state of the application.
oWorked with ECMA Script 6 features. For build of JSX and ES2015(ES6) used Babel, webpack.
oManaged Amazon Web Services (AWS) like S3 bucket to store the ACORD standard XML’s.
oExperience on working with Custom Directives, Controllers, Services, filters modules of AngularJS.
oWorked on Java 1.8 features such as Streams, functional interfaces, Lambda Expressions for making anonymous inline function calls by using Functional Interfaces which makes code readable and concise.
oManaged Amazon Web Services (AWS) like EC2, S3 bucket and API Integration. Excellent in deploying the applications in AWS as EC2 instances and create snapshots for the data that must be stored in AWS S3.
oCreate and configured the continuous delivery pipelines for deploying Micro Services into PCF cloud.
oDeveloped the application with various Spring Framework modules like Spring AOP, Spring Boot, Spring Batch.
oUsed Spring AOP for solving crosscutting concerns like keeping customer log data and transactions details etc.
oExpertise in back end/server-side java technologies such as: Web services, Java persistence API (JPA), Java Messaging Service (JMS).
oExpertise in J2EE Technology- Spring, JDBC, JPA, Hibernate.
oWorked with design and development of robust and highly scalable Web Service platforms and API’s based on REST for enterprise applications.
oExpertise in XML technologies such as XSLT, XML schemas, XPath, and parsers.
oUse of RabbitMQ, Kafka for the Event messaging between the microservices.
oImplemented Spring boot microservices to process the messages into the Kafka cluster setup.
oImplementing microservices with spring boot, RESTful Web Services.
oUse of Splunk to debug API related issues.
oImplemented a robust CI/CD pipeline using Docker and Kubernetes, reducing the time to deliver software updates, and boosting revenue.
oUse of APIGEE for API Management.
oUse of SonarQube for code quality.
oGood Understanding in databases such as Oracle, SQL Server, POSTGRES databases to manage tables, views, indexes, sequences, stored procedures.
oImplementing the SQL queries in the application to get and insert the data into the Amazon RDS.
oUsed XSLT and XSD for the transformation and translation of xml.
oUse of JPA, Hibernate for Database Activities.
oExperience on different IDEs such as Eclipse, Spring Tool Suite, IntelliJ.
oDeveloping the Unit testing for the developed microservices using Junit and Mockito.
oJUNIT test cases for code coverage is utilized for debugging and performance tuning.
oCreated build and deployment scripts using Maven and used the SonarQube for the code quality.
oUse of GIT for the version control.

Environment: Java 8, J2EE, Spring framework, Spring JPA, Hibernate, Amazon RDS, Rest Web services, JSON, XML, Jira, Jenkins, Linux, Eclipse, IntelliJ, Maven, SQL Server, POSTGRES, Apigee, PCF

INative Tech Solutions Pvt Ltd, Java Developer July 2015 – Jan 2016
Location: Hyderabad, India

Description: Aims at innovating and providing the best software solutions to the needs of our customers that are not being efficiently met by traditional firms or by pure software and technology development companies.

Roles and Responsibilities:
oInvolved in Requirement Analysis, Design, Development and Testing of the risk workflow system.
oInvolved in the implementation of design using vital phases of the Software development life cycle (SDLC) that includes Development, Testing, Implementation and Maintenance Support in WATERFALL methodology.
oCreated user-friendly GUI interface and Web pages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
oAchieved synchronization of multiple threads through Multithreading and Exception Handling.
oExtensively used JSON to parse the data from server side to satisfy the business requirement.
oInvolved in developing Web Services to send XML/JSON request and reading the response.
oUsed various Core Java concepts such as Multi-Threading, Exception Handling, Collection APIs, Garbage collections for dynamic memory allocation to implement various features and enhancements.
oDeveloped the application with various Spring Framework modules like Spring Boot, Spring MVC.
oConsumed Web Services to interact with other external interfaces to exchange the data in different forms by using Restful service.
oImplementing the SQL queries in the application to get and insert the data into the Amazon RDS using POSTGRES.
oEstablished Database Connectivity using JDBC for MS SQL Server.
oUsed Log4J for application logging and notification tracing mechanisms.
oAnalysis and Bug fixing of the production problems and defects along with enhancements.
oImplemented JUNIT test cases for unit testing and Suites for end to end testing.
oUsed JIRA for tracking the Project Stories and bug fixing.
oUsed GIT to check-in and check-out and co-ordinate among team members for Version Controlling.

Environment: Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, XML, JDBC, Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Web Services, MS SQL server, POSTGRES, Restful, HQL, SQL, GIT, Eclipse IDE, JIRA.
Contact this candidate