PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
PRANEETHA RAVI
Albany, New York ad7hr2@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn Portfolio
● Full Stack Developer with 3+ years of hands-on experience designing, developing, and testing applications and solutions using a range of technologies and programming languages. Seek to leverage practical experience, and hands-on technical expertise and increase customer value by the role of the full stack developer. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming: C, C#, Java, JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, Solidity Frameworks & Libraries: Node.js, ASP.NET, REST API, Spring, Hibernate, Junit, Nunit, AR Core, Jasmine, Karma, Selenium Software/Platforms: Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, Visual Studio, Postman, Git, Azure Devops, Blockchain Workbench, AWS, Swagger Database: Mongo DB, MySQL, Oracle, SQLite, Postgre SQL, No SQL Web Development: Angular, React, HTML, CSS, PHP, Bootstrap, JQuery AI: GPT-4 Vision, Google Gemini, and Amazon Code Whisperer, Microsoft Copilot EDUCATION
Masters in computer science (University of New York, Albany) Dec 2021 – Dec 2023 Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science (VR Siddhartha Engineering College) Aug 2016 - May 2020 WORK EXPERIENCE
Full Stack Software Developer ValueLabs Oct 2019 – Nov 2021
● Developed web application for IT asset management application utilizing Angular, ASP.NET Web APIs with Entity Framework, resulting in marked improvements in supply chain management and operational efficiency, while addressing over 100 bugs and executing more than 50 user stories over a 24-month tenure at Ingram Micro.
● Solved problems in customer and admin interfaces collaborated with stakeholders with effective communication using Angular, surpassing performance benchmarks, and leveraging expertise in Azure DevOps for version control and deployment efficiency.
● Developed a .NET Core-based Web API for Facebook's workplace, leading to a 40% increase in API response time and a 20% decrease in error rates, optimizing user experience and performance. Software Engineer Intern Varna LED Apr 2019 - Sep 2019
● Researched, Designed and Developed an innovative user centric restaurant star-rating web application using HTML, CSS, and PHP to enhance user experience at company kiosks, integrated instant feedback functionalities and content delivery and implemented ORM techniques, leading to a 40% surge in customer satisfaction and a 25% rise in repeat customer visits.
● Devised a robust back-end system to capture user ratings and generate analytical weekly reports, delivering actionable insights for restaurant owners to drive ongoing enhancements and operational excellence and reliability through selenium testing. Software Engineer Intern Indian Servers Oct 2018- Mar 2019
● Implemented an AR mobile app for interactive restaurant menus, employing Android SDK for seamless functionality, which contributed to a projected 5% uplift in dining sales.
● Directed the seamless integration of UI/UX design elements into the app and implemented extensive NUnit testing, which led to a 30% decrease in bounce rates and a 20% increase in average session duration, thereby enhancing the overall user experience. ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Learn Tracker (Mar 2024) (Angular, Java Spring boot, Eclipse, Mongo DB) Web Application Project
● Architected 'Learn Tracker' app, integrating discussion boards, teacher Q&As, and achievement tracking tools, facilitated personalized learning for diverse users, leading to a 20% increase in student performance metrics and engagement levels.
● Engineered with Angular for the front end and Spring Boot for the back end, ensuring a responsive, robust, and scalable application. Student Project Portal(Dec 2023) (React, Node.JS, Mongo Db, AWS). Web Application Project
● Created a web application used by over 100 students for uploading and showcasing projects, which also supported feedback and ratings from over 20 professors.
● Pioneered the integration of a user review mechanism and Git collaboration into the system, resulting in a 30% increase in development efficiency and a 20% improvement in project delivery timelines. Park Away (May 2023) (Angular, Java Spring Boot, Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, Azure DevOps) Web Application Project
● Designed 'Park Away', a user centric web application for finding available parking slots via a custom API, built with Spring Boot, enhancing user experience.
● As Scrum Master, doubled team efficiency by astutely allocating high-priority tasks to members based on expertise. Restaurant Menu (Dec 2018) (Unity, AR Core, Android SDK) AR app development Project
● Engineered an immersive AR mobile application for restaurants, leveraging Android SDK and cutting-edge AR tech to transform menu browsing into an interactive culinary journey, boosted customer engagement by 40%. ACHIEVEMENTS & CERTIFICATIONS
● Co-founded an innovation club at college where students from different majors come together to share ideas and work on projects, growing the group to over 100 members.
Contact this candidate