Donald Thumim
Boulder, Colorado, United States

ad7jpd@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/donald-thumim-453730137
Summary
Experienced C# full-stack developer looking to expand skills in the web stack, using Microsoft and other technologies.
Experience
Full-Stack Developer II
Goldbelt, Incorporated
Feb 2024 - Present (5 months)
Development position using C#, SQL Server, ASP.NET, Razor, Telerik controls

Senior Software Engineer
Chenega Corporation
Jul 2023 - Feb 2024 (8 months)
Bridge contract from Technik - C#, SQL Server, TypeScript/Angular for United States Agency for International Development.

Senior Software Engineer
Technik, Inc
May 2018 - Jul 2023 (5 years 3 months)
For the United States Agency for International Development, used C#, .NET Core (4, 5, 6), Angular/ TypeScript, and SQL Server 2016 and later on application that tracks and monitors how foreign aid is allocated and spent.

Software Engineer
USDA Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS)
May 2017 - May 2018 (1 year 1 month)
Used C#, TypeScript, Aurelia, PostgreSQL, and Javascript to enhance existing software and add new features to applications of the following types:

WPF MVVM application deployed on tablets for use by veterinarians and APHIS personnel investigating animal disease outbreaks at farms, livestock processing facilities, etc.

Web-based application using TypeScript and MVC/MVVM to produce application tracking the process of obtaining permits for personnel to move diseased animals and carcasses to disposal sites.

Software Developer/Architect
LFP Broadcasting LLC
Jun 2014 - Oct 2016 (2 years 5 months)

Used Visual Studio 2013, ComponentOne controls, and SQL Server 2008 R2 to convert to C# .NET WinForms and rewrite internal VB6 application used by multiple departments to process video content for broadcast around the world.
•The application is used internally by more than 100 employees. It consists of over 30 separate modules whose functions range from customized data display, application-wide searches, and various types of quality control and compliance functions.
•The original iteration of the rewritten application included asynchronous server-side processing using Windows services running on Windows Communication Foundation (WCF).
•The application is structured using a standard desktop client-server architecture with a data-access layer that interacts with database entities generated by an in-house ORM.

Software Developer
Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies
May 2012 - Apr 2014 (2 years)
Used Visual Studio 2010 and 2012 (C# .NET 3.5-4.5), Eclipse (C++), Oracle 11g, and SQL Server 2008 R2 for maintenance and development of Windows- and Linux-based applications to allow associates and field personnel to analyze data from blood collection devices and to service these devices in the field.

Information Technology Contractor
Various
Mar 2011 - May 2012 (1 year 3 months)
Clients: Amadeus Consulting, Environmental Research Associates, Lockheed Martin Space Systems, BI, Syncroness, Terumo BCT
Used Visual Studio 2005, 2008 and 2010 (C# 3.5, 4.0, ASP.NET 4.0, XSLT, VB.NET), Eclipse, and Ubuntu as well as SQL Server 2008, for the following projects:
Windows- and Linux-based applications for multinational manufacturer of blood collection devices. Windows Forms application for multinational manufacturer of medical and scientific devices.
Windows Forms, WPF, and WCF applications for internal engineering quality control. Reporting service for client-facing application, developed requirements for improving one of the company’s core business processes.

ASP.NET 4.0 application for client serving worker’s compensation agencies in Georgia and Louisiana. Tasks included design of database and architecture of application according to application requirements.
Enhancements for desktop and web application for major publisher of directories for attorneys and other insurance specialists.

Software Developer
Product Development Corporation
Jun 2007 - Feb 2011 (3 years 9 months)
Used C# and CSLA to rewrite ASP Classic web applications and perform other programming tasks. Developed table-driven rendering engine to create KML files for distributor quality control.
Developed numerous console applications for import of customer and client data from a large number of sources.
Developed MapXtreme-based web application to display delivery areas for a client.

Developed console ETL application that standardizes data from various sources for import into a database.
Developed desktop map generation application using MapInfo MapXtreme tools that allows users to create maps for delivery routes.

Information Technology Contractor
Quality Education Data
Nov 2006 - Jun 2007 (8 months)
Converted management reports from Brio to SQL Server Reporting Services for annual updates. Developed web-based interface for asynchronous processing of reports using C# and ASP.NET 2.0. Developed real-time monitor to gather information and statistics on message queues and present summary and graphical reports on current state of message queue processing and number and type of messages processed. Application is an ASP.NET 2.0 website interacting with SQL Server 2005 and SQL Server Reporting Services.
Developed console-based data resynchronization application and user interface in .NET 2.0 to automate batch updating of data to be supplied to corporate headquarters.
Developed web interface for import application (described below) using ASP.NET.
Enhanced messaging routines used to transmit data to and from QED’s databases to corporate headquarters using a desktop (console) application to gather and validate data from SQL Server databases.

Software Developer
AlphaTRAC
Jun 2005 - Oct 2006 (1 year 5 months)
Provided software design and development services using Visual Basic 6 and C#. Projects included an Access-based Visual Basic application that stores and presents information relating to areas affected by a hazardous event on the property of customer’s client as well as application written in C# Windows Forms using unsafe image processing, threading, and complex geodetic algorithms that permit the user to map areas affected by events at specific sites containing potential environmental hazards. Additional functionality to C# application includes fuzzy search algorithms and algorithms to convert between Cartesian (X-Y) coordinate system and various map projections and back again.

Instructor
University of Phoenix
Dec 2001 - Mar 2006 (4 years 4 months)
Provided instruction to adult students in various programs. Courses taught included art history, US history, and critical thinking and professional skills.

Information Technology Contractor
Various
Oct 2002 - Mar 2005 (2 years 6 months)
Clients: Pulte Mortgage LLC, StarGuide, LionBridge, MOPS, Executive Management Group Roles included development and testing using requirements-based testing (RBT), C# (1.0), Visual
Basic 6, Delphi (5, 6, 7) for the following projects. Provided test analysis and design for POS mortgage application.

Provided new development and maintenance of Windows Forms desktop applications to interact with Centura (Gupta) database and Zebra label printers to generate product labels and certificates of compliance that are shipped with customers’ orders.
Provided testing and development services for I18N (internationalization) of popular Delphi-based front- end user interface for Oracle database.
Provided programming and testing services for database applications and consultant marketing tool.

Report Analyst, Tester, Delphi Developer
ING Security Life
Jan 1999 - Jan 2002 (3 years 1 month)
•Implemented new features and enhancements based on user requirements for industry-best life insurance marketing software using ADO, Delphi 5, and Visual Basic 6.
•Automated testing of GUI and output of several marketing software systems using Rational (SQA) Robot.
•Created SQL-based management reports from a DB2 database using requirements of managers in Customer Service and Administration departments.

Instructor
Denver Technical College
May 2000 - Aug 2000 (4 months)
Instructed adult students in database design and programming using Oracle

Instructor
Catapult
Sep 1998 - Dec 1998 (4 months)
Provided instruction to various business clients of this IBM subsidiary in Visual FoxPro, database design, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access, Microsoft PowerPoint, and Windows 98.

Education
Harvard University
Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.), European History

Brown University
Bachelor’s Degree, Independent Study/Russian Studies

Harvard University
Master’s Degree, Soviet Studies

Skills
Databases • Software Development • Unit Testing • Microsoft Azure • Language Integrated Query (LINQ) • Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) • Git • C# • .NET Framework • WinForms
Contact this candidate