Summary
Senior Full-Stack developer with ** years of experience delivering innovative solutions that drive business growth.
Highly skilled in React,Angular and Vue.js.
Experience
Senior Full Stack Engineer
Straight Edge Technology, Inc. • San Antonio, TX 02/2018 - 08/2024 Managed IT & Cybersecurity provider of choice in South Texas Implemented full-stack web applications which processed, analyzed, and rendered data visually. Developed and implemented a new React-based dashboard for a client, resulting in a 25% increase in user engagement and a 20% increase in customer satisfaction. Developed and implemented backend API services using Java, Spring, and Hibernate. Designed and developed web services and RESTful API's using Java, Spring Boot, and React. Developed high-performance backend APIs using FastAPI. Collaborated with frontend developers to integrate userfacing elements with server side logic Mid-level Full Stack Developer
Full Stack • Los Angeles, CA 04/2015 - 01/2018
United States Leadership and excellence in delivering quality healthcare services. Developed lots of backend project with SpringBoot and NodeJS. Done many database architecture with Oracle, MySQL Ability to collaborate with other software engineers and machine learning.
engineers to deliver projects Handsome experience with developing microservices and deploying them in the cloud.
Expertise in Spring boot, Hibernate, JPA, REST, SOAP services and SOA. Proficient in using version control systems such as Git and SVN. Designed and developed a custom React module for a client, resulting in a 40% reduction in development time and a 25% increase in team productivity.
Created configuration, build, and test scripts for Continuous Integration environments, reducing deployment time by 50% and minimizing production issues by 30%. Collaborated with the graphic designer and HTML coder to ensure a clear dependency chain, resulting in a 20% reduction in development time and a 10% increase in overall code quality. Junior Web Developer
KBR, Inc • Fairfield, CA 10/2012 - 02/2015
United States Delivering Solutions, Changing the World Created multiple responsive websites for mobile and desktop devices using HTML and CSS, as well as third-party libraries such as jQuery, React.
Developed 35+ backend projects using SpringBoot, ExpressJS. Monitored and maintained application performance and security. Excellent problem solving and debugging skills with the ability to quickly identify, analyze, and resolve. Ability to collaborate with other software engineers and machine learning engineers to deliver projects Skills
Steven Clark
ad7zty@r.postjobfree.com
+1-217-***-****
Fairfield, CA
React.js, Java, Javascript, Typescript, Node.JS, SpringBoot, Django, Flask, ASP.NET, RESTful API, FastAPI, Azure, JPA, Agile, AWS, Docker, Scrum, Jenkins, CI/CD, Client-side Hibernate, Kafka, Cloud React.JS, Angular.JS, Next.JS, Redux, Vue.JS, Tailwind.CSS, React Native, Flutter, Android, Sass Education
Applied Computer Science
Austin Community College • Austin 12/2012
Contact this candidate