BISHO SILWAL
Fairfield, Iowa ***** +1-641-***-**** ad81fl@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/bisho-silwal/

FULLSTACK RUBY ON RAILS DEVELOPER

Full-stack developer with over 5 years of experience specializing in Ruby on Rails. Demonstrated success in developing and maintaining robust web applications with a strong focus on code quality and performance. Aims to harness technology to craft innovative and impactful software solutions, enhance user experiences, and drive business success. Committed to addressing real-world challenges and opportunities while fostering continuous improvement and adaptability in dynamic environments. Proficient and have a strong grip on Ruby on Rails, MySQL, PostgreSQL, ReactJs, Angular, Node, MongoDB, Tailwind CSS, Elasticsearch, Redis

System Architecture SDLC Object Oriented Programming (OOP) SOLID CI/CD SaaS
MVP development Single Page Applications Database Design Docker Containerization Cloud

Languages: Ruby, Javascript, Java
Web: HTML, CSS3, SAAS, Tailwindcss, ReactJS, StimulusJS, Typescript, Redux, Gatsby
Web Services: REST, GraphQL, XML, JSON, HTTP/HTTPS
Web/App Servers: Puma, Apache, Nginx, Tomcat, Node.js, Postfix MTA
Frameworks: Ruby on Rails, Sinatra, Grape, Java, Spring Boot, Angular JS, Express JS, RSpec, Capybara
Databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Redis, GraphQL
Design Patterns: Singleton, Builder, Adapter, Factory, Proxy, Observer
SDLC: Agile, Scrum, Waterfall
Tools: Bundler, npm, maven, git, node, Selenium, DigitalOcean, AWS ECS, github copilot, Elasticsearch, Jira,
Platforms: Linux, MacOS, Windows

EXPERIENCE

CAREER NOTE: Completed on-campus studies and currently taking distance education courses to complete a Master’s Degree in Computer Science (Available for full-time, W-2 employment).

SSL Corp. Houston, TX, USA 08/2022 – 12/2023
Provider of digital trust services, digital identity, certificates, signatures, and brand protection solutions.

Ruby on Rails Developer (Remote)
Feature development, bug fixes, testing, and code quality enhancement.
Implemented EVSA and EVRF form signing and admin approval steps for EV certificates only in the middle of the checkout process, enabling buying EV certificates more digital, and automated, and improving the process.
Developed a new 2FA SMS Authentication system to access the ESigner cloud signing credentials, thus boosting security for crucial user data and information.
Developed an Email Interceptor module that restricts outgoing emails to whitelisted addresses, ensuring that only specific features send emails to approved recipients.
Monkey Patched the ActiveJob, so that I can able to set the session’s user data before queuing and use it around the job.
Created Cloud Signature Consortium API services and allowed users to see the certificate's log at different times improving the trust between users and the platform.
Technologies Used: Ruby, JavaScript, MySQL, Jira, Redis, Background Job, Jumio API, Twilio API

Bitwire Solution Pvt ltd, Rupanedhi, Nepal 03/2021 – 07/2022
IT staffing company
IEXPERIENCE NEPAL, Kathamandu, Nepal 01/2022 – 07/2022
Search, participate, and experience various activities inside Nepal.
Co-Founder and Developer
Developed the entire website for iexperiencenepal.com using Ruby on Rails and deployed it on DigitalOcean, creating a scalable and high-quality platform.
Technologies Used: ReactJS, CSS, SCSS, Redux, Tailwind CSS, HTML

EVERYBOOKING.COM, CANADA 03/2021 – 12/2021
Custom End-To-End Booking Funnel For Venues
Full-stack Ruby on Rails Developer(Remote)
Implement feature using Rails, TailwindCSS and StimulusJS
I implemented Stimulus Reflex over WebSocket to enhance real-time user interactions and developed a custom calendar for everybooking.com
Additionally, I worked on a custom drag-and-drop webpage builder using the grapeJs library, enabling users to create dynamic multi-form pages and seamlessly funnel data into the system.
Technologies Used: Ruby, PostgreSQL, SCSS, Redis, Mail, StimulusJS, GrapeJS

DANPHE SOFTWARE LABS, Kathmandu, Nepal 06/2019 – 02/2021
IT consultancy that outsources IT professionals as well as builds software products.

Ruby on Rails developer
Full-time full-stack developer to build software components, write test cases, fix security vulnerabilities, review code.
Implemented HSTS headers, reCAPTCHA, and input validation which improved security measurements.
Wrote unit, feature, and integration test cases using RSpec, Capybara, and Selenium, ensuring robust testing.
Integrated the Recognize app's pages with SharePoint and MS Teams, enhancing team collaboration and making the app accessible inside those platforms.
Implemented SSO with OneLogin, streamlining user authentication across multiple platforms thus making the application easier to use.
Added filtering and infinite scrolling on the user's home page where streams of recognition were rendered by using the infinite-scroll js library resulting in a better user experience.
Technologies Used: Ruby, React, Elasticsearch, MySQL, JavaScript, Twilio, ReCAPTCHA, SSO, GitHub Actions

CODYSSEY WEB NEPAL, Kathmandu, Nepal 07/2018 – 02/2019
IT consultancy that outsources IT professionals as well as builds software products.

Software Engineer
Built components in leavelogic using Ruby on Rails as well as ReactJS.
Developed cloning of company settings and configuration to the child company feature for Leavelogic, thus supporting adding a new child company with default parent's company settings.
Worked on the Email service which sends the billing details with invoice pdf to the users using background jobs and email MTA making the billing process automated and easy to access the invoice.
Technologies Used: Ruby, React, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Git, Elasticsearch, Redis

INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE

ENLIV TECHNOLOGY, Kathmandu, Nepal 12/2017 – 07/2018
Blockchain and AI based IT consultancy.
Junior Software Engineer
Built Web Application
Created a website for TedxJawalakhel using various web technologies, supporting event promotion and information dissemination.
Technologies Used: Ruby, ReactJS, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Git

RELEVANT PROJECTS

Mailet (2020) I developed a comprehensive temporary email address generator using Rails with Action Mailbox and Postfix MTA, providing full email functionalities and robust email management capabilities.
https://github.com/bishosilwal/mailet

Imagekit-ruby SDK (Dec 6, 2021) I enhanced the imagekit-ruby SDK gem by adding support for ActiveStorage. In the process, I restructured the codebase to improve flexibility and make it more configurable, allowing for easier integration of future methods beyond just ActiveStorage and CarrierWave.
https://github.com/imagekit-developer/imagekit-ruby/pull/35

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Computer science
(started in 02/2024 and still in progress via distance education, expected completion 10/2026)
Maharishi International University, Fairfield, Iowa
Key Courses: DBMS, Enterprise Architecture, Web Application Programming, Modern Web Application

Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology
Nepal College of information Technology, Kathmandu, Nepal
Contact this candidate