RAVI GAJA REDDY
Full stack UI React developer
ad86qc@r.postjobfree.com +1-910-***-**** linkedin.com/in/ravi-reddy-60b069209

Professional Summary:
10+ years of experience in front-end development and Web application development.
Experience in requirement analysis, design, development and testing of the front-end components.
Experience in developing scalable and robust applications.
Good experience in Software methodologies like Agile and Kanban.
Worked as a User Interface/Front End Developer in developing applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, Angular 13/15, ReactJS, Redux, Angular, JSON web token (JWT), Webpack, Material-UI, Rest APIs, Responsive web design.
Expertise in developing backend using NodeJS, Express.JS, Micro services, Java, Spring, Hibernate, Rest APIs and databases including SQL, PostgreSQL and MongoDB.
Experience in implementing Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipelines using tools like Jenkins, SonarQube, Docker, and Kubernetes, which enhances development efficiency and accelerates release cycles.
Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS), including services like EC2, S3, Lambda, API Gateway, RDS, DynamoDB, IAM, ECR and EKS, to build and manage cloud-based applications and infrastructure.
Skilled in developing reusable components, forms, events and React router.
Experience in using CSS frameworks like Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap and Material UI. Implemented Responsive designs using Media queries.
Experience in writing unit tests using Jest, React testing library (RTL).
Experience in profiling and improving front-end performance
Experience in Server-side rendering and Experience in different code versioning tools like Git.
Familiar with SEO principles to enhance website visibility.
Expertise in using Angular directives, Controllers, Filters, Services, Templates, Events and Injectors.
Optimized application using React Lazy loading, useMemo and useCallback.
Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation, the JavaScript object model, Object-Oriented concepts, design patterns, coding standards, and performance improvements.
Strong analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities. Strong written and oral communication and presentation skills.
Highly Self-motivated a team player and can contribute to the team with individual skills.
Experience in developing code conforming to W3C, internal and ADA coding standards.
Developing and maintaining pipelines for code deployments.
Working knowledge of GIT, merging, and branching techniques.
Involved in code reviews and architecture review with other team members.
Participated in Agile methodology and SCRUM processes such as Sprint Planning, Backlog grooming, Daily Standups and Retrospectives with the team
Experience in designing and presenting multiple concepts and iterations around user interaction models, workflows, wireframes, screen flows, mockups and prototypes
Good understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM functions.
Hands on experience in Agile methodologies and SDLC.
Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software.
Experience with financial services.
Strong problem solving, Analytical skills and Good written and Communication skills.

Education Details: Bachelor’s in computer science from JNTU, Hyderabad, India

Technical Skill Matrix:

Web Technologies: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, XML, JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular 13/15, ReactJS, Redux, Webpack, Material-UI, Responsive Web Design (RWD), JSON, SASS and LESS.
Backend Technologies: NodeJS, Express JS, Java, Spring, Hibernate, Rest APIs.
Methodologies: Agile/Scrum, SDLC, TDD
Development IDEs: Visual Studio code, IntelliJ
Database Access: SQL, MongoDB
Version Control: Git, Bitbucket
Application Tools: Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes
JavaScript testing framework: React testing library (RTL), Jest, Mocha.
Cloud Technology: AWS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Client: JP Morgan Chase, NY Duration: Mar 2022- June 2024
Role: Senior Software Developer

Project Name: Story by JP Morgan
Description:
Story by J.P. Morgan is a digital platform for renters and small and midsize property owners to manage rent payments and streamline operations. The platform is designed to help property owners save costs, grow their business, and provide residents with secure rent payment options.
Responsibilities:
Worked on My Team and Entitlements module.
Created web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular 15, Material-UI, Styled Components and SDS.
Developed services using NodeJS, Express.JS, Micro services, and SQL.
Developed Reusable Components and optimized application using React Lazy loading and useMemo and useCallback.
Followed Test driven development (TDD).
Followed WCAG 2.2 guidelines and resolved ADA issues.
Converted Figma designs into fully functional, high-performance web applications.
Participated in day-to-day meetings, status meetings, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager and peers as part of Agile scrum methodology.
Ensure that the web pages work for different devices like Mobile, Tablet and Desktop using RWD.
Written Unit test cases in UI using React testing library and Jest, Cypress, in Backend using Mocha and Chai, and maintaining the code coverage more than 80 percent.
Fixed Vulnerability issues which were found in Ravan scan and SonarQube.
Deployed the application into AWS cloud using Docker, Jenkins, Kubernetes.
Involved in complete development of Agile Development methodology / SCRUM and tested the application in each iteration.

Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular, Material-UI, Styled Components, SDS, NodeJS, Express.JS, SQL, Git, Bitbucket, NPM, AWS, Docker, Jenkins, Kubernetes, SonarQube, JSON, Agile Methodologies, TDD, Jest, Scrum and Confluence.

Client: Finsol, India Duration: June 2016 – Feb 2022
Role: Software Developer

Project Name: QT-Backoffice
Description:
QT-BackOffice is a web application designed to show all the cumulative and live trades done by QT users from QT desktop application. QT-BackOffice is connected to Express.JS backend through Rest API's and Web sockets. Express.JS backend will receive all the trades through RabbitMQ from OMS (Console Application which manages all the orders) and forwards all the live trades to QT-BackOffice Application through Web sockets.
Responsibilities:
Created web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular 13, Bootstrap.
Developed services using NodeJS, Express.JS, Micro services and SQL.
Followed WCAG 2.1 guidelines and resolved ADA issues.
Converted Figma designs into fully functional, high-performance web applications.
Participated in day-to-day meetings, status meetings, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager and peers as part of Agile scrum methodology.
Ensure that the web pages work for different devices like Mobile, Tablet and Desktop using RWD.
Written Unit test cases in UI using React testing library and Jest, in Backend using Mocha and Chai, and maintaining the code coverage more than 75 percent.
Worked on React hooks and Improved performance using code splitting and memoization techniques.
Developed CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins.
Fixed Vulnerability issues which were found in Ravan scan and SonarQube.
Deployed the application into AWS cloud.
Involved in complete development of Agile Development methodology / SCRUM and tested the application in each iteration.

Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular, Bootstrap, NodeJS, Express.JS, SQL, AWS, Git, Bitbucket, NPM, Docker, Jenkins, Kubernetes, SonarQube, JSON, Agile Methodologies, Scrum.

Project Name: Collab App
Project Description:
Collab App is a web application designed to help teams to communicate and work together more effectively. Team members will be assigned tasks by Admin/Team lead. Team members can upload files and comment on their specific task. Team members can do a One-One chat. Task related event alerts will be sent through email automatically.

Responsibilities:
Created web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular.
Developed services using NodeJS, Express.JS, MongoDB and Mongoose.
Expertise in Web Accessibility incorporating (WCAG 2.0 guidelines) for websites.
Developed Reusable components.
Converted Wireframe designs into fully functional web application.
Worked closely with Performance Test team for UI performance and validated enhancements using various JavaScript Profilers.
Developed CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins.
Performed Test Driven Development using testing frameworks like Jest, and Mocha
Worked closely with the User Experience (UX) team in determining the Content and Wireframes
Used Jenkins tools for Continuous Integration (CI) & Continuous Deployment (CD).
Analyze and fix critical bugs according to their priority. Utilize AWS instances to deploy web application
Worked on Agile (Scrum) Development to deliver regular updates to business team and project managers.

Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, Angular, NodeJS, Express JS, MongoDB, Mongoose, JSON, Git hub, Restful API, NPM, Node.JS, AWS, ES6/ES7, Webpack, Jest, and Agile.

Project Name: Process Monitor
Project Description:
Process Monitor is a Web Application which is used by Finsol for internal use. Admin/Support can add/update/delete/disable Account, User, CTCL, Exchange. Admin/Support can map Exchange to CTCL, CTCL to Account and Accounts to Users. Admin/Support can add/update/delete Limits and map to User/Account/CTCL. User can use Account and CTCL to trade in Exchanges.

Responsibilities:
Developed frontend web applications by using web technologies such as React, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, SASS, Typescript and JSON web token (JWT).
Developed backend in Java, Spring 4, Hibernate and SQL.
Developed the pages that are complaint to W3C and ADA standards
Developed Interactive Prototypes from Photoshop designs using HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, Bootstrap & Media Queries.
Experience in using ECMAScript (ES6) with existing JavaScript modules.

Environment: Java, Spring 4, Hibernate, React, JavaScript, SASS, HTML5, CSS3, Bitbucket, Wireframes, JSON, Windows, JSON web token (JWT) and Agile SCRUM Methodology

Company: NXT Vision Technologies, India Duration: June 2014 - May 2016
Role: Software Developer

Project Name: Satya Super specialty hospital website
Description:
The website shows all the services offered by the hospital and all Doctor’s information and their specialization.
Responsibilities:
Developed frontend web applications by using web technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React, SASS.
Worked as an intern.
Used latest ES6 features such as arrow functions, let, const, web storage to implement business logic in the application.
Performed manual testing.
Participated in Scrum meetings which were held every morning to define daily goals and tract team progress.
Given Production support after deployment.

Environment: JavaScript, React, SASS, HTML5, CSS3, PostgreSQL, Bitbucket, GIT, JSON, Windows, and Agile SCRUM Methodology.
Contact this candidate