RESHMA MAHJABEEN
ad8lm9@r.postjobfree.com
Java Full Stack Developer

SUMMARY
8+ years of Java full stack development, worked with different architectures like Micro-Services including Event Driven Architecture, Monolithic and Service Oriented Architecture with all phases of Software Development Life Cycle which includes Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, Implementation and Maintenance using environments using Agile and Waterfall methodologies.
Highly skilled Java Developer with extensive experience in Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) and Node.js.
Strong foundation in Core Java, web development (HTML5, CSS, JS, ReactJS), and SDLC phases. Problem solver dedicated to meeting tight schedules and high coding standards.
Experience with Java 1.8 features such as lambdas, Streams and Parallel Streams, Functional Interfaces, Optional, Completable Future, Date Time API.
Proficient in a wide range of AWS services for designing, deploying, and managing cloud infrastructure.
Having good RDBMS concepts knowledge and have worked with MySQL, Oracle, MS SQL Server.
SKILLS

CERTIFICATIONS:
AWS Certified – Solutions Architect Associate.
Oracle Cloud Data Management Foundations Associate.
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Foundation Associate
EXPERIENCE
Client: KKU-KSA August 2021 - 2023
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Collaborated with 4 teams to manage the Claims project using Agile methodologies such as Scrum and was involved in all phases of the SDLC.
Participated in web design for 3 portals, utilizing the Spring framework along with HTML, CSS, ReactJS, and Angular to create responsive front-end components.
Deployed comprehensive monitoring and alerting systems using Prometheus and Grafana, defined and maintained Service Level Objectives (SLOs) and Service Level Indicators (SLIs), and implemented incident response procedures to minimize downtime and ensure high availability.
Utilized Unix/Linux commands and shell scripting to automate routine tasks and enhance productivity.
Worked with MySQL and PostgreSQL databases to store and retrieve application data.
Conducted performance tuning and optimization of Java applications and SQL queries.
Implemented CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins and GitHub Actions, enabling automated testing, building, and deployment, significantly reducing deployment times and errors.
Prepared pipelines to deploy Docker containers and Kubernetes pods, which produced in a 100% stable application environment.
Developed serverless applications by using AWS lambda integrating with Amazon database services like Amazon S3, Dynamo DB and Amazon RDS with API Gateway. And deployed applications on Amazon EC2 instances and Elastic Beanstalk.
Automated repetitive claims validation tasks, integrating with third-party APIs and reducing manual intervention.
Conducted functional validations using Postman for APIs, and automated test JUnits for each implementation, resulting in 90% improvement of bug detection.
Client: KKU-KSA Oct 2012– Jan 2020
Role: System’s Engineer
Responsibilities:
Played a vital role as a Java Developer at PNB, developed PNB Retail web app and introduced the recent Credit Card for FD feature.
Designed and developed various modules of the application with J2EE design architecture, Spring MVC architecture using IOC, AOP concepts.
Conducted performance tuning and optimization of Java applications running on Unix/Linux servers.
Wrote and maintained SQL queries for data manipulation and retrieval from databases.
Created and managed database schemas, tables, and indexes to support application requirements.
Analyzed and implemented Model View Controller architecture by applying AngularJS framework.
Partnered with DevOps team to improve availability by deploying gateways using Jenkins and Apache Tomcat servers.
Worked on Hibernate JPA and its integration with Spring Boot for data persistence.
Implemented RESTful web services and created HTML templates for each tile on the dashboard and used Bootstrap framework.
Implemented continuous integration and delivery pipelines using CodePipeline, CodeBuild, and CodeDeploy, facilitating automated build, test, and deployment processes.
Addressed and prepared Junit and Mockito to achieve Test-Driven Development (TDD).
Client: Infosys, India Jan 2010– May 2012
Role: System Engineer – Intern
Responsibilities:
Completed Java Full Stack Developer Training with a focus on the React framework. Developed a demo web app titled "Holiday Package Booking," collaborating with engineers to evaluate interfaces.
Created new user-facing features using React.JS and Node.JS, which resulted in a 40% increase in user engagement and web site traffic using Azure for the cloud application.
Launched RESTful, SOAP, AJAX calls to retrieve data asynchronous from the back end.
Client: Netline Technologies, India Jan 2005- Dec 2009
Software Developer
Responsibilities:
Experience in Developing GUIs using Eclipse RCP/SWT and Core java Design Patterns.
Used XML HTTP Request Object to provide asynchronous communication as a part of AJAX implementation and also developed ORM mapping using Hibernate annotations and established data integrity among all tables sitting on Oracle Database. Conducted CI/CD using Maven and Jenkins.
Knowledge of asynchronous programming and event-driven architecture in Node.js.
Development of database interaction code to JDBC API making use of SQL Query and advanced prepared statement.
Utilized Unix/Linux tools for system monitoring, log analysis, and troubleshooting.
Attended workshops on advanced Unix/Linux system administration and automation.
EDUCATION
Master of Computer Science OSMANIA UN IVERSITY- May 2005
Bachelor of Computer Science OSMANIA – May 2003

Methodologies: SDLC, Agile, Waterfall, Kanban, Scrum
Programing Languages: Java, Node.js, Javascript, SQL, Python, C++
SRE Tools: Prometheus, Grafana, PagerDuty, Chaos Monkey, Dynatrace
Java Technologies: JDBC, JavaBeans, Servlets, JSP, JDK, Mockito
Frameworks: Spring MVC, Spring Boot, Bootstrap, Express.js, Flask, Spring Security, React.js, Hibernate,JPA, Microservices, Node.JS, Angular, Svelte, MQTT, AMQP, RabbitMQ, Kafka
Containers and Orchestration Tools: Docker, Kubernetes, JBoss, OpenShift, RedHat, Helm
CI/CD: Jenkins, GitHub Actions, AWS CodePipeline, AWS CodeDeploy, GitLab CI, Bamboo
Logging and Monitoring: ELK stack (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana), New Relic, Dynatrace, AWS CloudWatch
Infrastructure as Code: Terraform, CloudFormation, Ansible
Version Control: Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, Jira
Cloud Technologies: AWS (EC2, S3, RDS, DynamoDB, Lambda, VPC, ELB/ALB, CloudFormation, CloudWatch, CodePipeline, CodeDeploy, EKS)
Application Server: Apache Tomcat, Elasticsearch, Apache Kafka, Splunk
Web Technologies: HTML, XML, CSS, JSON, Ajax, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, TypeScript
Databases: MongoDB, MySQL
CI-CD/Build Tools: Ant, Maven, Jenkins, JUnit
Contact this candidate