MANISH ANANTHULA
Sr Java Full Stack Developer
Mobile: 281-***-****
Email: ad8lml@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY:
Overall, 10+ years of experience in developing quality software applications using Java, J2EE.
Oracle, SQL Server, Struts, Spring Framework, Java Script, WebLogic Application Server, WebSphere Application Server, UML on Windows, and UNIX environments and well experienced in doing Object Oriented Analysis and Design.
Experience in all stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), from business requirements analysis to system development and implementation.
Experienced in using tools for UML design like Builder, Rational Rose for UML.
Strong experience in Java, J2EE, JSP, Java Beans, Struts, Tag Library, Servlets, EJB, JDBC, JMS, Java Mail, Java Script, Design Patterns, XML, SAX & DOM Parsers, HTML, DHTML, CSS, ANT scripts, SQL, PL/SQL, Spring, Hibernate, SOAP, RESTful Web Services and JavaScript.
Good understanding and experience in Functional and Reactive Programming. Re-designed, re-architected and built the existing application using Java 8, Spring Boot, Spring Reactive Stack (Web Flux), GCP, PostgreSQL and Maven.
Experience of the design patterns and best practices with Golang (and more) to start with design and get to deployable production systems including scale monitoring and instrumentation platform.
Golan and Java were used as a backend REST service while Angular was used for the user interface.
Having work experience in developing workflow applications using FileNet workflow services and having knowledge of JBPM, Drools
Experience in implementing messaging systems using JMS API. Designed and developed in both point-to-point and publish-subscribe methodologies.
Experienced in using IDEs such as Builder, WSAD, Eclipse and IntelliJ.
Experienced in installation, developing, and deploying application servers such as WebLogic,
WebSphere Application Server and experienced in creating ANT scripts to control the software build process.
Designed proof of concepts and pilot applications using AEM.
Involved in design and development of applications for high-profile customers, deliver timely and quality solutions, and received appreciations for the same.
Experienced in Content Authoring, Administration, and Integration with AEM.
Experience in developing Web and Mobile Application Development using Ext’s & Dojo and JavaScript libraries.
Experience in Microservices development using spring boot and deployment in Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF).
Kotlin support in Android Jetpack and other libraries, such as coroutines, extension functions, lambdas, and named parameters, to existing Android libraries.
Hands on experience in implementing and designing Enterprise applications with Java/Java EE design patterns/best practices/coding practices/coding standards including IOC (Inversion of Control), AOP (Aspect Oriented Programming), MVC, Business Delegate, Service Locator, Session Façade, DTO, DAO, Front Controller, Factory and Singleton.
Demonstrated ability to work independently, and the flexibility to adapt in an ever-changing business environment, extremely quick learner with very less ramp up time for a new technology.
Facilitated Root Cause Analysis (RCA) on Incidents, Identified and Investigated problems on Known errors.
Experienced in pre/postproduction L3 support, Identification/resolution of production issues.
Experienced on claim management system, CMS is based on IBM Curam which is J2EE based System.
Troubleshooting complex customer issues, technical support.
Expertise in Agile development of J2EE-based solutions through iterations and releases, develop software, perform unit testing, and create documentation.

Education:

Bachelors in Computer Science engineering from LPU, India.
Masters in Computer Science from Northwest State University Missouri.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
SKILLS FEATURES
Programming Languages
Java, C, SQL.
Software Methodologies
Agile, Scrum, SDLC Waterfall.
J2EE Technologies
Java Beans XSD, JAX-RS, JAX-WS, SOAP, WSDL.
Web Technologies
HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, Bootstrap, JSON, Angular, React JS, Kubernetes.
Web service Frameworks
Spring 4.3, Hibernate 4.3, Struts (2.5/2.3), Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring Boot, Spring AOP, Kafka
Web Services
SOAP,
Testing Tools/Others
Junit, Mockito, Log4J, Postman.
Technologies/Tools
AWS, EC2, Azure, Docker, JIRA
Build Tools
Maven 3.3.9, Ant 1.10, Grade 3.4.1, Jenkins
Version Control Tools
GIT, GITHUB 2.12.0, SVN, Bit Bucket.
Application/Web Servers
Web Logic Server 12c, Apache Tomcat (8.5/8.0), Apache HTTP Server, Joss.
IDE Tools
Spring Tool Suite 3.8.3, Eclipse, IntelliJ IDEA 2017.1, Net Beans
Operating Systems
Windows, Linux, Unix, Mac OS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Eworldes, Hawaii Jan 2022 – Present
Sr Java Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities

Collaborated with various team & management to understand the requirement & design the complete system
Upgrading the servers like Tomcat from 8.5 to Tomcat 9 in the project before migration.
Setup the required setup in the Local, Dev, Test and Prod environments.
Experience in guiding the classification, plan, implementation, growth, adoption and compliance to enterprise architecture strategies, processes, and standards.
Involved in Daily Scrum (Agile) meetings, Sprint planning and estimation of the tasks for the user stories, participated in retrospective and presenting Demo at end of the sprint.
Used Spring MVC and Dependency Injection for handling presentation and business logic.
To maintain loose coupling between layers published the business layer as services and injected necessary dependent components using Spring IOC and published cross cutting concerns like Logging, User Interface exceptions, Transactions using Spring AOP
Integrated Spring DAO for data access using Hibernate.
Analyzed and resolved multithreading issues like deadlocks, thread starvation, and live locks.
Used Spring Security for Authentication and Authorization of the application.
Developed exception handling mechanisms using python exception handling.
Created and Configure Micro Services architecture and integrated with Angular JS applications
Implemented RESTful Web services to retrieve data from the client side and made REST API calls from Angular 5 and parsed the data to project to the client and handled the security and Authorization using Spring Security and OAuth.
To maintain loose coupling between layers published the business layer as services and injected necessary dependent components using Spring IOC and published cross cutting concerns like Logging, User Interface exceptions, Transactions using Spring AOP.
Managed Amazon Web Services (AWS) like EC2, S3 bucket, ELB, Auto-Scaling, SNS, SQS, AMI, IAM, Dynamo DB, Elastic search, Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) through AWS Console and API Integration.
Designed and developed highly scalable and available systems.
Worked with services like EC2, Lambda, SES, SNS, VPC, CloudFront, CloudFormation etc.
Demonstrated expertise in creating architecture blueprints and detailed documentation. Created bill of materials, including required Cloud Services (such as EC2, S3 etc.) and tools.
Involved in the end-to-end deployment process.
Building the AWS Infrastructure using VPC, EC2, S3, Route 53, EBS, Security Group, Auto Scaling, and RDS in Cloud Formation.
Created AWS Security Groups for deploying and configuring AWS EC2 instances.
Configured S3 to host static web content, Elastic Load Balancers with EC2Autoscaling groups and deployed Cloud Stack using AWS Ropeworks.
Created computing and data resources on AWS using EC2.
Deployed Spring Boot based microservices in Docker and Amazon EC2 container using AWS.
Developed scripts for build, deployment, maintenance, and related tasks using Jenkins, Docker, and Bash.
Worked with AWS API Gateway for implementing the Micro service architecture and the utilized ECS to deploy the Docker containers onto the servers.
Developed an AWS lambda function to send a request for internal service end points through API Gateway using Apache Http Client
Worked on AWS multi factor authentication (MFA) related to security groups including rest security.
Configured and tuned the AWS EC2 and worked on ELB, Route53 for high availability.
Developed API for using AWS Lambda to manage the servers and run the code in AWS.
Implemented and maintained the monitoring and alerting of production using AWS Cloud Watch.
Worked with the team in writing Python functions to create AWS Lambda function events.
Built python framework to transform Datasets and Data tables into HTTP-serializable JSON strings.
Developed scripts to read and dump data to MySQL database.
Created TOPICS for publishing and subscribing using SNS (Simple Notification Service), SQS (Simple Queue Service).
Implemented SonarQube to measure code coverage, code standard compliance, code duplication, and unit test results.
Designed and developed custom Splunk dashboards and visualizations to provide real-time insights and monitoring for various application performance metrics and security events.
Created complex Splunk searches using SPL (Search Processing Language) and developed scheduled reports to automate data analysis and alerting.
Optimized Splunk infrastructure and queries for performance, ensuring efficient use of resources and faster query execution times.
Created and managed spaces and pages in Confluence for different teams and projects, ensuring organized and accessible documentation.
Integrated Confluence with JIRA to provide seamless linking of documentation with project management tasks, enabling better traceability and collaboration.
Developed and maintained CloudFormation templates to define and provision infrastructure as code, enabling repeatable and consistent environment setups.
Configured a wide range of AWS resources using CloudFormation, such as VPCs, EC2 instances, RDS databases, S3 buckets, and IAM roles, to support application requirements.
Git as application repository and for deploying to AWS using code commit.
Implemented Continuous Integration using Jenkins and GIT.
Involved in Unit Testing of various modules by generating the Test Cases.
Performed deployment of applications on JBOSS.
Written LINUX shell scripts to identify user login information.
Involved in day-to-day handling of JIRA issues (production issues at time) that involved data inconsistencies that required to be solved in very less time.
Implemented multithreaded solutions to optimize performance and resource utilization.
Involved in Bug fixing of various modules that were raised by the testing teams in the application during the Integration testing phase.
Participated in Code Reviews of other modules, documents, test cases.
Environment: Java, J2EE, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, JSP, JSTL, Spring, Hibernate, Jenkins, JIRA, Maven, GIT, ANT, AWS, Python, SOAP UI, Web Services, Micro Services, Restful, DB2, JBOSS, Cassandra, Eclipse IDE, Web logic, JIRA, Agile Methodology, Linux, Shell/Perl Scripts, Cloud Watch.

Wells Fargo, Charlotte, NC Jan 2021 – Dec 2021
Sr Java Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities
Configured to source data (from Imagine system and its source systems) into new system using existing yam & Java8.
Used AGILE methodology and participated in SCRUM meetings.
Worked on Curam Workflow API for the Enactment of task.
Designed and implemented the user interface and interactive web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and Angular.
Extensive usage of React Emotion for style as a function of state for maintaining the flexibility of CSS-in-JS throughout the application for great developer, performance experience with heavy caching in production.
Designed the responsive front-end screens using Angular, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript and Bootstrap.
Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.
Developed a tool to retrieve and send data to third party service provider this feature was implemented using REST.
Converted a monolithic app to microservices architecture using Spring Boot using 12-factor app methodology. Deployed, Scaled, Configured, wrote manifest file for various Microservices in PCF.
Created internal diagnostic tools using Golang and Angular in order to assist with customer issues.
Implemented reactive Angular components using RXJS.
Designing, developing, and maintaining complex SQL queries for data analysis and data extraction as per client requirements
Validated forms using Angular and regular expressions there by providing client-side validation and server validation.
Knowledgeable in Kubernetes architecture, including the Kubernetes API, kubelet, and other components.
Utilized Kafka's publish-subscribe model to decouple data producers and consumers, resulting in improved scalability and fault tolerance.
Used Node.js frameworks like Rectify to mock a restful API.
Used IBM FileNet Content Manager to store organize and retrieve the content in a centralized repository for features like version control, access control and search capabilities.
Developed Spark scripts by using Scala shell commands as per the requirement.
Proficient in using Red Hat Wild Fly application server to build scalable and secure web applications.
Processing schema oriented and non-schema-oriented data using Scala.
Ability to integrate tools such as JIRA, or GitHub with Azure DevOps.
Used Kafka to implement asynchronous communication between microservices, allowing for decoupling and scalability.
Implemented Docker container service, build pipeline like Jenkins, Bamboo and Go CD for Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment that can run on the cloud or on-premises.
Used Java 11 features like var keyword for lambda expressions, a new HTTP client API, the ZGC garbage collector, and improved security features, among others.
Experienced in designing, deploying, and managing Kubernetes clusters for production-grade applications.
Worked on Cloud implementation by installing, building, and deploying applications using Cloud Foundry and using AWS.
Integrated Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) with the existing systems to provide a seamless content management and delivery platform for web applications.
Developed custom AEM components and templates to meet specific project requirements, ensuring consistency and flexibility in content presentation.
Utilized AEM's content targeting and personalization features to deliver personalized experiences to users based on their behavior, preferences, and demographics.
Implemented AEM workflows and DAM (Digital Asset Management) workflows to streamline content creation, review, approval, and publishing processes, improving collaboration and efficiency within the organization.
Used Redis to store frequently accessed data in memory, which can improve the performance of web applications and reduce the load on back-end databases.
Hands-on experience in designing and implementing Azure DevOps pipelines for Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD).
Used Kafka to design to run in a cluster, which provides both scalability and high availability.
Used Open API 3.0 for describing the Restful API and also used the features like reusability and Schema validation.
Used Flask for creating python web frameworks.
Created Buckets in AWS and stored files. Enabled Versioning and security for files stored.
Used RESTFUL client to interact with the services by providing the RESTFUL URL mapping.
Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 8.
Built MAVEN scripts for automated deployment and for the build operation of the entire application.
Environment: Java, J2EE, Oracle 11g, Web Services, AWS, Agile, Hadoop, Hive, Base, REST, XML, Microservices, Mongo DB, SOA, Spring Framework 4.0, Hibernate, Angular, AJAX, WebSphere, Scala, Bootstrap, jQuery, JBOSS, JUnit, Grunt, GitHub, SQL, JMS, HTML5, JSP, CVS, CSS3, MVC, Maven and SVN.

Everge, NY Jul 2019 – Dec 2020
Sr Java Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities
Used Scrum Agile methodology with regular 3-week Sprint cycles working on planned/groomed user stories. Daily Scrum, Sprint cycle Reviews, Retro, and planning meetings in the presence of Product Owner, Scrum Master.
Used Jobs and Tomcat as application deployment servers.
Involved in building pure React-Redox applications from scratch that involves stable, Reusable stateless and tasteful React components.
Private Cloud Environment - Leveraging AWS and Puppet to rapidly provision internal computer systems for various clients.
Wrote scripts to manage AWS resources from API calls using BOTO SDK and worked with AWS CLI.
Experience in designing and developing applications in Spark using Scala to compare the performance of Spark with Hive and SQL/Oracle.
Designed and developed Kafka producers to send data from various sources to Kafka topics and implemented Kafka consumers to process the incoming data in real-time.
In depth Knowledge of AWS, cloud service like Compute, Network, Storage and Identity & access management.
Responsible for implementation of modules like Initialization, Authorization and Controller request flows and Save Transaction to Database modules.
Worked on Spring-WS framework for SOAP web services for all LC 6.7 operations.
Implemented Junit test cases in Curam framework.
Designed and implemented a microservices architecture for an online retail platform, breaking down the monolithic application into smaller, independent services.
Used an open-source container orchestration platform that automates the deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications
Middleware development experience with platforms like IBM web spheres and also Database middleware to access and manage the data stored.
Created real time data pipeline DB.
Used Kafka to integrate data from different sources, such as databases, message queues, and external systems.
Utilized Kafka's publish-subscribe model to decouple data producers and consumers, resulting in improved scalability and fault tolerance.
Used Ionic pre-built UI components, such as buttons, forms, tabs, and modals, making it easier to design and develop engaging user interfaces.
Utilized AWS services, such as Amazon RDS, Amazon S3, and Amazon EC2, to provide a spark
Knowledge of version control systems, specifically Git and its integration with Azure DevOps.
Experienced in implementing Organization DevOps strategy in various operating environments of Linux and windows servers along with cloud strategies of Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Developed Hibernate mapping files using different mapping strategies such as table per class hierarchy and used Hibernate Persistence Strategy to interact with database.
Validated forms using Angular and regular expressions there by providing client-side validation and server validation.
Used AWS and Red hat open Shift for providing a highly scalable and secure solution for organizations looking to develop and deploy applications in the cloud.
Used Scala collection framework to store and process complex consumer information.
Used Scala functional programming concepts to develop business logic.
Developed cross-browser/platform HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript to match design specs for complex page layouts while adhering to code standards.
Used Kubernetes, deploy and manage containerized applications with ease, and take advantage of features such as automatic load balancing, self-healing, rolling updates, and more.
Used PostgreSQL for querying and manipulating data.
Used Snowflake for data query, data governance, data security to write and to query the data of specific time and multiple users can use the unique architecture at the same time.
Created Angular directives, Controllers, Modules, Pipes in Typescript.
Created RFP (Request for Proposal) micro service to provide Restful API utilizing Spring Boot with Spring MVC.
Implemented Spring MVC framework in the presentation tier for all the essential control flow, business level validations and for communicating with the business layer.
Implemented real-time data streaming using Apache Kafka in a large-scale, distributed system.
Used Cassandra No SQL database to handle large amount of data for providing high availability with no single point failure.
Developed code using Design Patterns like DAO, Factory Pattern, Singleton and Value Objects, Decorator, State, Strategy.
knowledge of security practices in Azure DevOps, including role-based access control, secure storage of secrets, and protection against common attacks.
Used spring as the MVC model. Used Spring AOP for common cross cutting concerns like security and interception.
Implemented Docker container service, build pipeline like Jenkins, Bamboo and Go CD for Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment that can run on the cloud or on-premises.
Used SS7( Signaling System 7) signaling protocol to set up and tear down telephone calls.
Worked on Code builds and code changes are made in JavaScript, Python and Shell scripts.
Created Views, Sequences in the oracle database and modified the existing PL/SQL stored procedures.
Worked on Load testing on Meter to improve the performance of newly developed code.
Designed and prepared Unit test cases using JUnit and Log4j and removed the maximum bugs before passing onto the application to the QA team.
Used Diameter to carry Authentication, Authorization and Accounting information between network elements.
Using Chef deployed and configured Elastic search for log analytics, full text search, application monitoring in integration with AWS Lambda and Cloud Watch.
Environment: JDK 1.8, Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Angular, Spring AOP, Hibernate 4.0, JAX-RS Web services, JAX-WS Web services, Micro services, Apache CXF, AJAX, UML, MS Visio, JSTL, Scala, Oracle 11g, NoSQL, Docker, Jobs, Selenium, GIT, Bamboo CI, Cucumber, Chef, MongoDB, Snowflake, Meter, Apache Camel, Karma, AWS, Jasmine.

Guild Mortgage - Houston, TX Feb 2018 – Jun 2019
Java Developer

Responsibilities
Worked in big data ingestion using streaming tools like Flume, Sloop, Kafka, and Storm.
Handled importing of data from various data sources, performed transformations using PIG, Map Reduce, loaded data into HDFS and extracted data from MySQL into HDFS using SQOOP.
Worked on streaming the analyzed data to the existing relational databases using SQOOP by making it available for visualization and report generation to the BI team.
Involved in loading and transforming large sets of Structured, Semi-Structured and Unstructured data and analyzed them by running Hive queries and Pig scripts.
Worked on various use cases in development using Struts and testing the functionalities.
Involved in preparing the High Level and Detail level design of the system using J2EE.
Created struts form beans, action classes, JSPs following Struts framework standards.
Implemented the database connectivity using JDBC with Oracle 9i database as backend.
Involved in the development of model, library, struts and form classes (MVC).
Used display tag libraries for decoration & used display table for reports and grid designs.
Worked on core java, using file operations to read system file to present on JSP.
Worked with supply chain domain for creation and delivery of a product service and also for providing logistics and customer service.
Involved in the development of underwriting process, which involves communications without side systems using IBM MQ and JMS.
Involved in the design and estimation of the various templates, components that were developed using Day CMS (Communique).
Used Java 8 version for enhancements, lambda expression, date and Time API.
Worked in key supply chain domains like sourcing, procurement and logistics.
The CMS and Server-side interaction was developed using Web services and exposed to the CMS using JSON and JQuery.
Used PL/SQL stored procedures for applications that needed to execute as part of a scheduling mechanisms.
Designed and developed Application based on Struts Framework using MVC design pattern.
Developed Struts Action classes using Struts controller component.
Used SAX XML API to parse the XML and populate the values for a bean.
Used Jasper to generate rich content reports.
Provided troubleshooting and error handling support in multiple projects.
Environment: Flex, EJB, spring, JSP1.2, Servlets2.1, Jasper reports, JMS, Scala, IBM MQ, XML, SOAP, Apache Tomcat, Clear Case, Log4J, ANT, Hadoop, Scala, Hive, Kafka, JUnit, Eclipse, UDDI, WSDL, Angular, AWS, JDBC, JNDI, Rational Rose 98, Oracle 10g, XSLT, XML, UML, HTML.

Wellington Management - Boston, MA Sep 2016 – Jan 2018
Java Developer
Responsibilities
Implemented data maintenance UI screens to maintain Default Settlement Cycle for Equity, Fixed
Income type securities using Trading Data Maintenance application.
Fixed various defects raised for maintenance of Client account specific settlement cycle for various security types.
Involved in code build and deployment activities to Test and Stage environments.
Involved in preparation of DB scripts to deploy DB components.
Implemented Snowflake for data query, data governance, and data security to write and query the data of a certain period, and numerous users can utilize the distinctive architecture simultaneously.
Supported and participated in test cycles for 'Trading Data Maintenance' application UI.
Participated in code merge activities for trading data maintenance application release to Prod and Non-Prod environment.
Participated with BA to analyze existing data &business process logic related to validation of given Trade Date and Settlement Date combinations for different asset class & security types that is present in existing database stored procedure and participated documenting the same.
Implemented and improved existing business process logic (modified existing database procedure) to validate given Trade Date and Settlement Dates as per client account criteria.
Implemented test harness tool to automate scenario-testing process for testing of Trade Date and Settlement Date validation logic present in database-stored procedure.
Used Couchbase NoSQL to store the data in JSON format.
Participated and supported test cycles to capture various business test scenario for the automated test harness tool.
Participated in creating required support documents for Trade Date and Settlement Date validation logic.
Environment: Tomcat, Groovy/Grails, Java1.5, JSP2.0, Servlets2.4, EJB2.0, Struts1.2, Spring 2.0.3, JDBC3.0, Design patterns, Html, XML, NoSQL, CSS, Log4j, Ant, SOAP, Web services, RAD6.0, IBM WebSphere server6.1, IBM DB2.0java, VSS, Accurev, Junit, Maven.

Tire Hub - Dunwoody, GA Jan 2013 – Aug 2016
Java Developer
Responsibilities
Involved in Analysis, Design, and Implementation/translation of Business User requirements.
Design and development of data enrichment business process objects using Rete based in-house rule engine framework
Integrated the application with custom in-house GEMS and Netting frameworks
Design and development of various levels (MI hierarchy levels) netting calculation business process objects using in-house netting engine framework for various asset categories like loans, deposits, inventory, Repo, SLB and Derivatives
Involved in analyzing the application requirement along with BA and produced required technical specifications
Used Reference Data cache to load frequently used data into memory to avoid redundant database reads.
Design and development of Template Remediation for regulatory reporting.
Design and development of DAO's using Hibernate, JDBC, SQL and PL/SQL
Design and development of operational data validation reports using JSP, Struts, HTML, JavaScript, AJAX
Used design patterns like DAO, DTO, Singleton and Business Delegate, Chain of responsibility.
Used in-house control framework of GEMS to enable multithreaded processing, resume on failure and tracking of batch job progress.
Used Slot id-based table partitioning for partition strategy of high-volume data tables.
Involved in writing SQL queries, stored procedures, and invoking them from Components.
Design and Implemented development of ARTS balance sheet and MIS Drill Down Reports
Involved in the unit testing the application using JUnit. Unit tested the changes and performed the code review.
Performed joint system testing the application that involved other downstream systems.
Environment: Linux, Java 1.4, Oracle 10g, WebLogic 10.1, Eclipse, Apache POI, Log4j, Core Java, JDBC, JNDI, J2EE, Java Beans, Servlets, Multithreading, JUnit, DOM, XML, HTML, Query Analyzer, SQL, PL/SQL, Hibernate 2.0, vi, SVN, Windows-XP, HP QC, Weblogic10.0.3, SVN, Unix Batch Client, Control-M, HP QC, Ant, Shell scripts, Java Script.
Contact this candidate