Jalal Syed
ad8p89@r.postjobfree.com
925-***-****
Sr. Full Stack Java Developer

Experienced Java/J2ee full-stack developer with around 9 years of comprehensive experience in pivotal roles within elite technical teams, specializing in the development of enterprise software solutions for healthcare and banking sectors. Demonstrated adaptability and problem-solving capabilities, coupled with exceptional proficiency in Java, Spring, Spring Boot, Hibernate, JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular, Node, Express, React, MongoDB, microservices, and Agile/Scrum methodologies. Possesses a robust blend of technical expertise and business-oriented UI design acumen. Proven track record of effective collaboration within diverse cross-functional teams.
Professional Summary:
Experience including Strong Development experience using and Java/J2EE and Web Technologies and experience in Integrations using Mulesoft ESB.
Proficient with Software development methodologies like Agile Methodologies, Scrum, Waterfall and Kabana.
Expertise in coding business components using various API’s of Java like Multithreading, Collections.
Worked on Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) such as Apache Axis web services which use SOAP, WSDL. Exposure to JAXB&JAX-WS.
Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, and NPM.
Hands on Experience with Docker with OpenShift for the run time environment of the CI/CD system to build, test and deploy in an open-source platform and Splunk data flow, components, features and product capability.
Extensive in-depth experience in Java, J2EE, SOA, RMI, Servlets, JDBC, JSP, JSF, Swing, XML, C, C++, JavaScript, JavaBeans, EJB, JMS, JNDI, JNI, Hibernate, Java/J2EE and SOA Design patterns, ORACLE 9i/10g, NOSQL, PostgreSQL, Drools.
Proficient in programming with Java/J2EE and strong experience in technologies such as JSP Servlets, Struts, spring (IOC&AOP), Hibernate, ATG Commerce, EJBs, MDBs, Session Beans, JDBC and JNDI.
Extensive experience in developing the SOA middleware based out of Fuse ESB and Mule ESB.
Experienced in implementing presentation layer using JSF, JSP, HTML, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript, AngularJS, Angular, Ext JS, Node JS, JSON and Servlets.
Utilized Mulesoft features like data weave, API designer and various connectors to ensure robust and loosely coupled integration layer every time.
Exposure to XML, DTD, SCHEMA.
Designed and implemented the server side logic using EJB.
Expertise in n-tier and three-tier Client/Server development architecture and Distributed Computing Architecture.
Experience working with SOLR for searching functionality.
End-to-end architecture and implementation of client-server systems using Scala, Akka, Java, JavaScript and related, Linux
Good work experience on RDBMS like Oracle and MySQL. Creating SQL statements &Sub queries.
Efficient in packaging & deploying J2EE applications using ANT, Maven & Cruise Control on WebLogic, WebSphere &JBoss. Worked on the performance & load test related tools like JProfiler and JMeter.
Actively involved in the Devops streamlining process through Jenkins CI and CA Release Automation.
Experience using Fuse/Apache Service Mix as integration platform and Apache Active MQ/Kafka platform.
Expert level skills in designing and developing the Mule Flow's
Involved into 3rd API integration used for Mortgage Valuation. Integration of Amazon Cloud Services (AWS and S3)
Helped in Coding various UI screens for application, using Vaadin, Java, Spring dependency injection, hibernate data object integration.

Java/JavaScript Programming • Web Application Development • Software Development Lifecycle Software Engineering • User Interface Design • Algorithms • Requirements Management

Languages: Java, Groovy
Web: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, AJAX, Typescript, jQuery, Angular, React
Web Services: Restful, JSON, Micro-services, AWS
Web and Application Servers: JBoss, Apache Tomcat, AWS (EC2, RDS, S3, CodeCommit, CloudWatch, Code Build) Frameworks: Angular, Node, Express, Spring (Boot, MVC, Data, Security, AOP, IOC-dependency Injection, Cloud),
Hibernate (JPA), Grails
Databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, Oracle PL/SQL, MongoDB
Design Patterns: Facade, Singleton, Prototype, Strategy, Template Method, Chain of responsibility, Observer, Builder,
Factory, Adapter, Decorator, Proxy, Composite
SDLC: Agile/Scrum, Waterfall
Tools: Git, Atlassian Jira, Eclipse, IntelliJ IDEA, NetBeans, Spring Tool Suite, Maven, Gradle, Postman, Visual Studio Code, Star UML, Docker, Kubernetes, Rio, Spinnaker, SonarQube, Grafana, SCA, SAST, DAST, Jenkins (CI/CD)
Platforms: Windows, Linux, Unix
Interest: Microservice architecture, Security & OAuth2, Concurrency & Multi-threading, DevOps & Cloud technology
Testing: Junit, Jasmine, Karma, Protractor, Selenium, Cucumber, Karate

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
TD Bank - New York City, NY Apr 2022 - Present
Sr. Java Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities:
Involved extensively in Test Driven Development (TDD) and wrote unit tests for all features using JUnit and the TestNG framework, with at least 80% of the code covered.
Created Angular 11 Directives, Components, Pipes, Injectable across the whole system, such as to build the custom filter.
Worked with cross-functional teams to deliver high-performance, dependable solutions within the timeframes set.
Created Server instances on AWS Tomcat, Swagger and hawtio are installed and used for deploying Microservices.
Developed, configured, and maintained a new GraphQL service using Spring Boot, Spring WebFlux, Reactor that was responsible for communicating with the SOAP/REST endpoints in our existing Microservices to fetch the required data.
Designed, configured and deployed Amazon Web Services (AWS) for a multitude of applications utilizing the Amazon Web Services focusing on high-availability, fault tolerance and auto-scaling.
Worked for the Fixed Income on the Benchmark Loader application. This application is responsible for loading daily and monthly securities and indexes into the application from different vendors.
Automated the sap applications deployment using Ansible and terraform.
Implemented REDUX architecture with Angular using angular-redux for uni-directional data flows.
Create and configured the continuous delivery pipelines for deploying Micro Services and Lambda functions using Jenkins CI server. Implemented a highly-scalable, performance efficient Drools architecture
Implemented HTTP REST API using NodeJS and ExpressJS and extensively tested RESTful services using POSTMAN.
Configured Spark streaming to receive real time data from the Kafka and store the stream data to HDFS using Scala. Utilized React.js life cycles and getintialProps in Next.js to adjust different behaviors.
Extensive experience in Amazon Web Services (Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon Simple DB, Amazon RDS, Amazon SQS, AWS Identity and access management, AWS Cloud Watch, Amazon EBS and Amazon).
Developed Terraform scripts to create the AWS resources such as EC2, Auto Scaling Groups, ELB, Route53, S3, SNS and Cloud Watch Alarms
Experience in building isomorphic applications using React.js and Redux with GraphQL on server side.
Experience deploying applications on Apache Tomcat 6 Web Server, BEA WebLogic 8/9/10, WebSphere 5.0/6.0 application server environments.
Used datatypes like Mono and Flux from Spring WebFlux to create a non-blocking asynchronous reactive API.
Experience in migrating data from Oracle database using Spring JDBC to Apache Cassandra (Datastax) NoSQL Database.
Worked on the development of Confidential Fixed Income analytical tool using Java, Spring and Hibernate.
Worked with NoSQL database to store JSON like dynamic connections data.
Implemented an express-GraphQL library to mount a GraphQL API server on the user-configured HTTP endpoint.
Converted a monolithic app to Microservices architecture using Spring Boot using 12-factor app methodology. Deployed, Scaled, Configured, wrote manifest file for various Microservices in PCF.
Implemented REST Microservices using spring boot. Generated Metrics with method level granularity and Persistence using Spring AOP and Spring Actuator.
Involved in developing UI using Spring MVC framework, JSP, JSTL, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX and Angular 11.
Used JIRA extensively for Defect tracking and reporting, made use of Confluence for document management.
Design Cucumber framework for web/service-virtualization, perform manual and Cucumber testing of a web based application
Used design patterns such as façade, singleton, strategy, template method, observer, builder, factory, adapter, and so on.
Did a POC on reactive programming. Especially, the project reactor which is spring implementation of the reactive specification and it specifically favored by the spring web flux module.
Involved in using JPA (Java Persistence API) frameworks and APIs as JDO and Hibernate.
Utilized SonarQube for code quality analysis and Oracle for database management.
Worked in container-based technologies like Docker, Kubernetes.
Installed the application on AWS EC2 instances and configured the storage on S3 buckets.
Implemented Regression and Smoke tests execution as separate step of deployment process.
Performed CI/CD using Rio and Spinnaker, leading to faster and more efficient deployments.
Utilized the producer and consumer APIs in Kafka to consume and produce Kafka events to multiple applications.
Participated in code reviews.
Developed the CI/CD pipeline in GITLAB for various stages like build, deploy and review.
Automated the uploading the unit and functional test cases to GITLAB and Q test.
Integrated Swagger2 for easy API documentation.
Used Grafana for distributed monitoring.
Worked on complete Agile Development, story grooming, estimations, retrospectives, and sprint planning.
Used Radar for issue/bug tracking, and task monitoring.
Technologies Used: Java 11, Spring Boot, Gradle, Kafka, Oracle, Rio, Jira, JPA, Cucumber, terraform, NoSQL, web flux, Angular 11, GraphQL, JavaScript, Spinnaker, Git, SonarQube, Grafana, Smoke, JFrog, Docker, Kubernetes, TDD, JUnit, TestNG, Mockito, AWS, Apache Tomcat, Swagger.
Cardinal Health – Dublin, OH Jan 2019 to Mar 2022
Sr. Java Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities:
Responsible for all stages of design, development, and deployment of applications. Active role in Test Driven Development termed as TDD apart from Agile Software Development.
Implemented security measures within Apigee, including OAuth, API key validation, and custom security policies, to protect APIs from unauthorized access.
Involved in writing the front-end code for the application using ReactJS.
Conducted tests for applications developed in Angular JS using Jasmine and Angular test beds and ran those test cases on Karma (Unit test runner) platform.
Developed and maintained full-stack applications using Java and Spring Boot for backend services and React with Redux for the frontend.
Created User Controls and simple animations using Java Script and Python.
Implemented fail safe and circuit breaker patterns in Spring Boot Micro Service applications using Hystrix and monitored the services using Hystrix Dashboard.
Used Spring Security for session fixation, click jacking, cross site request forgery.
Implementing or exposing the Microservice architecture with Spring Boot based services interacting through a combination of REST and Apache Kafka message brokers.
Used J2EE design patterns like Value Object Pattern, Session facade, Singleton, Factory and DAO.
Conducted simultaneously queries and retrievals using java multithreading techniques.
Developed code in HTML5, CSS3, Typescript, Javascript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, Angular JS, Redux and Bootstrap with MySQL database as the backend.
Multithreading is used to process data in chunks to improve performance.
Developed a dashboard based on Ajax calls with Business Customers Count, Flags, Real-time graphs for Analytical Reporting using Angular.
Extensive testing of Java applications on SUN Solaris to ensure compatibility and stability across different versions of the operating system.
Enhanced, fixed functional and performance related bugs in core product written in GO (Golang)
Development of code using JSP code, HTML, CSS, JavaScript libraries such as JavaScript, Vue.js, jQuery, Prototype plus relevant coding standards.
Involved in developing and exposing web services and consumption of web services like SOAP, RESTFUL Web services/ REST API.
Took part in creating Docker images for deployment to AWS ECS environment with Jenkins.
Developed and Consumed Enterprise wide web services with Restful API using NodeJS to receive data from device and store in NoSQL database MongoDB.
Developed Automation Framework for Acceptance Testing using Cucumber BDD and JUnit.
Worked on Vue.js events distribution and parent chain for parent-child component communication.
Manipulated DOM, handled events and applied animation effects with Vue.js.
Tested services using JUnit with Mockito framework and for integration testing used Spring with JUnit.
Involved on migrating SQL Server databases to SQL Azure Database using SQL Azure Migration Wizard and deployed the application to Azure cloud.
Worked with Amazon S3 to store the audit data to overcome the size constraint issue.
Wrote JUnit test for the components and to increase the test coverage.
Technologies Used: Java 11/1.8, Javascript, SpringBoot, Kafka, Dremio, S3, MongoDb, XML, XHTML, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, React, XSL, MySQL, Oracle, SQL Developer, Cucumber, AWS, Microservices, Kubernetes, Drools, Spring Web Flux, React, Azure, Splunk, Redux, JSF, Vue.js, AWS, JPA, Apache Tomcat, NoSQL, Swagger, Golang.

STRYKER CORPORATION., Kalamazoo, MI Aug 2015 to Dec 2018
Java Developer

Responsibilities:
Developed and automated core internal product and components.
Designed and developed microservices for File Mapper Engine integrating RESTful APIs, API Gateway, and Spring Security (OAuth2 & JWT), currently used by over 500 healthcare organizations.
Developed RESTful service interfaces using Spring Boot and Grails to the underlying agent services.
Developed user interface with HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JSON, AJAX, Angular 9 and Typescript.
Launch various AWS EC2 instances to deploy the various application and maintained production servers.
Played key role in redesigning File Mapper Engine UI using Angular Material UI and implemented lazy loading.
Mentored junior developers and consulted with the design team regarding new feature design.
Introduced intuitive dashboard and TDD approach for unit testing.
Designed, developed and tested Java back-end web application software to implement a new module to perform fraud analysis using the Spring AOP and Spring Web flux.
Performed browser automation testing using Selenium WebDriver.
Managed servers on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform instances using Chef Configuration management.
Scaled Microservices, distributed systems and serverless applications using Simple Queue Service (SQS).
Used Elastic Search in Spring Boot for searching DSD file and prepared DSL queries.
Created custom dashboard in Kibana such as memory usage, storage, network traffic, and some other custom data visualization such as number of DSD, number of DSD processed per day etc.
Used Apache Kafka for building real-time streaming data pipelines for asynchronous exchange of information between multiple business applications.
Prepared Technical Design Document based on Software Requirement Specification (SRS) and participated in design review.
Worked in pair programming technique, participated in code reviews, ensured high code quality based on reusability, modularity, and extensibility.
Setup CI/CD pipeline process for the application using Jenkins and used SonarQube for code analysis.
Examined security vulnerabilities using Software Composition Analysis (SCA), Static Application Security Testing (SAST) and Dynamic Application Security Testing (DAST) and took appropriate measures to address them.
Technologies Used: Java 8, Spring Boot, Groovy (Grails), MySQL, Angular 9, TypeScript, Spring Security OAuth2, JWT, TDD, Selenium, JUnit, HTML5 / CSS3, AWS, Jira, MySQL, Tomcat, Jenkins, Swagger, Kafka, Service Discovery, Hystrix, SonarQube, Spring Cloud Gateway, Cloud Config Server, Grafana, ELK, Linux.

PSI Data Systems - India Jan 2014 to July 2015
Jr. Java Developer

Responsibilities:
Developed and tested new APIs conducted technical troubleshooting.
Developed and optimized complete anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing application and services for largest commercial banks.
Consulted with bank leaders regarding policy/procedure development, risk modeling, API development, and optimization.
Created RESTful web services for KYC using Spring and Spring Boot.
Used Spring JDBC Template, JPA and Spring Data MongoDB to work on database operation.
Created batch files and scheduler to sync customer data between two different data sources.
Implemented security for API using JWT and Spring Security OAuth2.
Created user defined functional interfaces, and custom annotations using reflection API.
Performed unit tests using Junit & Mockito with TDD principle and BDD tests using cucumber.
Implemented design patterns like façade, singleton, strategy, template method, chain of responsibility, observer, builder, factory, adapter, proxy.
Developed UI with HTML5, CSS3, SAAS, Bootstrap, JSON, AJAX, Angular, and Typescript.
Performed browser automation testing using Selenium WebDriver.
Participated in code reviews.
Technologies Used: Spring, Spring Boot, Hibernate, PostgreSQL, PL/SQL, MongoDB, JBoss Server, JavaScript, Angular JS, Selenium, TDD, JUnit, Mockito, JPA, JMS, TypeScript, ActiveMQ, Git, JSON, HTML5 / CSS3, SAAS, Atlassian Jira, Linux.

EDUCATION: Bachelor in Technology from JNTU
Contact this candidate