Yao Li

226-***-**** ad8sh3@r.postjobfree.com
HIGHLIGHTS OF QUALIFICATIONS
● Proficient in full stack development with a strong commitment to continuous professional growth. Experienced in using Java with Springboot, JavaScript/TypeScript, React, and Node.js. Adept in managing databases with MongoDB, MySQL, and Oracle.
● Analytical and flexible problem-solver, able to quickly identify and troubleshoot technical challenges, providing customers with the most suitable solutions.
● Business mindset - able to understand business needs and interpret into systematic implementation,
● Communication and team player - excellent communicator and team member skilled in collaborating to achieve common objectives.
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Software Engineer
A&L Canada Laboratories Inc. London, Ontario 2022.01-Present
● Full-stack development: Java with Spring Boot, Javascript/ Typescript on with React, Node.js.
● Development with Mysql, MongoDB management.
● Product design and requirement analysis, Database modeling/design. Senior Database Administrator
Digital China Ltd. Beijing, China 2013.04-2014.10
● Oracle/SQL Server/Mysql database and AIX/Linux management, shell and pl/sql development. Database Administrator and Software Developer
Shandong Green Continent Service, Ltd. Jinan, China 2012.04-2013.04 Software Development and Implementation
Shandong Hicoscom Info Tech. Ltd Jinan, China 2010.03-2012.04 Software Development and Implementation
Shandong Computer Centre Jinan, China 2006.06-2010.03 PROJECTS
Soil Sample Information Online Submitting System Migration, migrated the sample submission feature between two systems.
Soil Sample Fast Receiving System, a new system which supports getting data from more than 12 different endpoints by barcode scanning and manually inputting, and other customized features
Agricultural products Online Shopping Store, React, Node.js and Mongodb, with Moneris payment.
Seminar Online Register/Payment System, JQuery, PHP, with Moneris payment. Mysql stored procedure performance optimizing, reducing 90% running time. Provide the Online Store Fault Tolerance Solution, setup Mongodb Replication. Develop and deploy a website with React, Node.js and Mongodb on GCP. CERTIFICATIONS
● OCP Java SE 11 Developer
● OCP Database 10g Administrator
● MCSA SQL Server 2012/2014
● AIX 6.1 Administrator
EDUCATION
Computer Systems Technology Diploma 2020
Fanshawe College London, Canada
● Including Powershell, Cisco Network, Microsoft Windows Server 2012/SQL Server classes. Computer Programming and Analysis In Progressing
Fanshawe College London, Canada
● Complete the first 3 terms full-time, then start part-time. Master of Engineering Degree 2011
Shandong University Jinan, China
● Evaluated by World Education Service (WES) as equivalent to a Master of Engineering degree at a Canadian University
Bachelor of Computer Science Degree 2006
Shandong Jianzhu University Jinan, China
Contact this candidate