Viet Ho
+1-408-***-**** • ad8toe@r.postjobfree.com
Saint Paul, MN 55103
Professional Summary
Full-stack developer with experience in enterprise level web applications from production to deployment. Collaborated in Agile teams developing micro services deployed on Amazon Web Services. Leveraged Git for version control, Maven and Node Package Manager for package management. Created dynamic front-end applications using Angular, TypeScript, JavaScript. Built REST repositories and back end applications using Java EE, Spring, and Spring Boot. Managed Oracle, SQLite databases and integrated databases with Java using Hibernate and JPA.
Extensive experience with HTML, CSS, TypeScript, JavaScript, Angular, Java, Shell Scripting, Spring, Spring Boot, Python, Flask, AHK, and SQL.
Experienced in core Java-Multithreading, Collections, Servlets and JDBC.
Implemented Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) using Hibernate to integrate Java and SQL. • Experience in designing Test Cases/Test Conditions for the Unit Testing, verifying and validating Web based enterprise applications.
Proficient in SQL Queries, Stored Procedures and SQL programs.
Involved in various stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) implementing Waterfall, Agile, Iteration, and Scrum methodologies.
Developed full-stack web applications as Microservices, implemented with Netflix OSS technologies: Eureka and Zuul.
Worked in Requirement Gathering, Technical Specifications, Business Analysis, QA, Documentation, Test Plans,Test Strategy, Test Cases, Integration, Regression and Performance Testing. Technical Skill Summary
Web Technologies: Angular, JavaScript/TypeScript, HTML, AJAX, JSON, Bootstrap, Flask. Database Layer: MySQL, SQLite, Hibernate, JDBC, Oracle SQL, Spring Data. Languages & OS: Java, Python, JavaScript/TypeScript, SQL, HTML & Unix, Linux. Java Web: REST, Spring MVC, Spring, Servlet API, SOAP. Microservices: Netflix OSS Eureka, Netflix OSS Zuul, Spring Cloud, Docker, Spring Boot. DevOps: Maven, Amazon Web Services, Jenkins, Github, Git. Professional Experiences
Multi-Tech System – Manufacturing Programmer – Mounds View, MN 10/2019 – CURRENT
Develops and maintains programs, fixtures, feeders and SMD machine systems. Recognizes and informs manager of problems due to design of PCB.
Develop work instructions and process for automated manufacturing.
Analyzes and corrects problems with fixtures, programs, feeders or machines encountered by machine operators during daily operation.
Supplies training and support to machine operators.
Revises or updates existing programs or fixtures to accommodate ECOs.
Performance of tasks requires judgment and use of technical training. Performs maintenance of machine hardware and software including loading new releases of software.
Produce high quality products to exceed customer expectations
Perform other duties as assigned
Revature – Full-Stack Developer – Reston, VA 04/2019 – 10/2019
Design, build, or maintain web sites, using authoring or scripting languages, content creation tools, management tools.
Utilized Angular modules, controllers, directives, and filters to deploy the entire business logic to build single page applications while modularizing features.
Develop databases that support web applications and web sites.
Evaluate code to ensure that it is valid, is properly structured, meets industry standards and is compatible with browsers, devices, or operating systems.
Performing design reviews to make sure that the implementation aligns with architectural plans and roadmaps. Education
Saint Paul College • AAS in Computer Programming • Saint Paul, MN • 2015 - 2018
Contact this candidate