Nithya Hampson
Missouri City, TX *****
ad8zvt@r.postjobfree.com
248-***-****
US Citizen
Education
Professional Certificate in Full Stack Software Development: Building Scalable Cloud Applications
The University of Texas at Austin, McCombs School of Business
(Jul 2023 to May 2024)
Master degree in Electronics Engineering (Applied Electronics) Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, INDIA
July 2009 to June 2011
Bachelor degree in Electronics and Communication Engineering Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, INDIA
July 2005 to June 2009
Work Experience
Engineering Lecturer
Tamil Nadu College of Engineering - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, INDIA September 2011 to December 2014
Responsibilities:
1. Teach the program curriculum, delivering effective learning for students, particularly in Electronics & Communication
2. Plan and create up-to-date content to deliver high-quality teaching 3. Develop and share resources for the course/subject 4. Deliver enrichment and enhancement activities
5. Complete required assessment duties in relation to student assignments 6. Maintain comprehensive, up-to-date, records and provide information as requested using College systems to track and communicate student progress 7. Be responsible for the appropriate administration of exam entries and liaise with external awarding bodies, as appropriate
8. Ensure close liaison and good communication with colleagues and managers across academic departments
9. Value and support students to achieve their full potential and support class targets 10. Manage the Electronics Lab at the academic institution 2
11. Engage in curriculum development and planning activities, individually and as a team 12. Participate in standardization/verification and moderation, as required 13. Ensure provision is aligned with best practices nationally and internationally 14. Responsible for achieving the section’s targets in retention, attendance, achievements, high grades, added value, and student satisfaction 15. Represent the academic institution both internally and externally at all times positively Skills Summary
• Electrical Engineering
• Applied Electronics
• Laboratory Experience
• Tutoring
• Mentoring
• Curriculum Development
• Classroom Management
• Laboratory Management
• Research & Development
Awards
TVS Scholarship Recipient
Received full scholarship for academic excellence in High School Publications
Nithyajeevi, M., Kumar, R., & Raj, S. (2011). Built in Self Test Architecture Using Orthogonal Code Convolution for Device under Test. Digital Signal Processing, 3(5), 239-242. Retrieved from http://ciitresearch.org/dl/index.php/dsp/article/view/DSP062011011
Contact this candidate