EXPERIENCE SUMMARY
AWS Certified Solutions Architect. Sun Certified Programmer for Java 2 Platform. Rational Unified Process certified. Security+ CE certified. Full-stack developer with more than 33 years experience in applications and systems development in the Linux, UNIX and Windows environment. Twenty-seven years of Java development experience, client and server side including OOA, OOD and architecture.

LANGUAGES
Java JavaScript Angular Typescript HTML UML XML SQL C Python
Bourne Shell C Shell Perl Korn Shell Awk Bash PL/SQL JQuery

DATABASES
Oracle PostgreSQL SQL Server Sybase DB2 Ingres Informix Access K Mongo Accumulo MySQL

DEVELOPMENT TOOLS
Rational Application Developer JBoss Eclipse Apache Weblogic WebSphere Livelink JRun Idea Tomcat WebSphere Portal Spring MVC Hadoop Swagger Jira Confluence Git Argo

EXPERIENCE

Company: CACI ( December 2023 – Present)
Position: Product Architect
Responsibilities: In an AWS cloud environment architected micro-services-based applications. The applications use Angular 18 and Syncfusion on the fronted and Java-based Spring Boot on the backend. As the Product Architect, I was involved in the software design, database design, business analysis, requirements gathering and mentoring of full-stack developers.

Company: DSG ( August 2018 – December 2023)
Position: Software Developer/Architect
Responsibilities: In a JEE environment, designed developed and implemented a Java application
utilizing Java 17, Spring Boot and Angular 13. We redesigned and improved an existing production system written
in ColdFusion and stored on an Oracle database. The resulting system will be deployed to an AWS cloud environment using Docker.

Company: Masego (January 2018 – August 2018)
Position: Senior Java Developer
Responsibilities: Member of design team tasked to replace a web-enabled COTS-based application using the MEAN stack and Microservices. In a JEE environment, designed developed and implemented a Java application
utilizing Java 1.8 and deployed in an AWS cloud environment.

Company: Data Interfuse (November 2015 – January 2018)
Position: Senior Java Developer
Responsibilities: In a JEE environment designed, developed and implemented a Java RESTful application utilizing Jersey.
The RESTful application takes JSON as input and populates an Accumulo database. Maintained and added functionality to a Java application that populates an Accumulo database by consuming features from ESRI REST services. Modified both applications to populate a Mongo database. Learned the MEAN(Mongo, Express, Angular, Node) stack. Learned to administer a Cloudera cluster with Accumulo. The resulting data is available via OGC services through GeoServer. In a JEE environment designed and developed and maintained features of a Java web application utilizing a Tomcat server with AngularJS on the front end and MySql for the data store. All applications were deployed to the AWS cloud.

Company: KEYW (March 2013 – November 2015)
Position: Senior Java Developer
Responsibilities: In a JEE environment designed, developed and implemented Java web-enabled applications utilizing JQuery, DOJO and ExtJS on the front end. The backend has an Oracle database accessed using JPA 2.0. The applications use ESRI services and maps, including SOE.

Company: Sotera Defense Solutions (June 2012 – February 2013)
Position: Senior Java Developer
Responsibilities: In a J2EE environment architected, designed and developed an advanced search application using Apache SOLR. the front end uses Spring MVC and JQuery. In a J2EE environment designed, developed and implemented parts a web-enabled application using Spring beans, Struts and Toplink on the backend with an Oracle database.

Company: Agilex Technologies (March 2011 – June 2012)
Position: Senior Java Developer
Responsibilities: In a JEE 5.0 environment designed, developed and implemented parts of the Veterans Administration GI Bill project (Chapter 33). Chapter 33 is a web-enabled application using EJB 3, Spring MVC, Spring Integration, JPA and JWS. Individual development efforts include implementing web services using JWS, writing DAO’s using JPA and writing JSP’s using Javascript and JQuery.

Company: CRGT (September 2008 – March 2011)
Position: Software Engineer II
Responsibilities: In a J2EE environment designed and developed the Army Knowledge Online (AKO) project. AKO is the U.S. Army’s web based portal for all soldiers. AKO uses Java, JSP, Struts, Spring security and Oracle and K databases on the back end. Responsible for designing new features as well as performing maintenance on existing code.

Company: Stanley Associates (September 2006 – September 2008)
Position: Senior Software Engineer
Responsibilities: In a JEE 5.0 environment architected, designed and implemented the Credit Programs Portfolio Management System (CPPMS). Researched the latest technologies to integrate COTS products with in-house custom Java code. CPPMS is web-enabled using JSF and AJAX on the front end, JBoss Seam as middleware and EJB3 on the back end with an Oracle database.

Company: Raytheon (October 2005 – September 2006)
Position: Principal Software Engineer
Responsibilities: In a J2EE environment designed and implemented a Data Access Object (DAO) persistence layer for the Persistent Surveillance and Dissemination System of Systems (PSDS2) using Hibernate, SQL Server 2005 and JBoss. Also, created 3D Models of the area of interest utilizing CIB and DTED imagery. Performed install and configuration for all of the systems for the Eagle Eye variant of PSDS2.

Company: Number Six Software (January 2004 – October 2005)
Position: Java Architect
Responsibilities: In a J2EE environment architected, designed and developed a portal-based application using WebSphere Portal, Struts and Hibernate. The application allows agents to input, track and create reports for criminal investigations. Duties also include hands-on consulting and mentoring in the RUP, OO modeling, and expert implementation techniques. Also responsible for application of OO principles to ensure the success of internally developed and externally developed and supported applications.

Company: Carefirst Blue Cross/Blue Shield (September 2003 – December 2003)
Position: Independent Consultant
Responsibilities: In a J2EE environment designed and developed a web-based application using Java and Struts. The application allows users to view and edit files that were processed by a batch processor. Individual development efforts include using JDBC, JSP and Struts on WebSphere. Other duties include being a mentor for less experienced team members.

Company: Momentum Systems, Inc (October 2002 – August 2003)
Position: Sr. Software Engineer
Responsibilities: In a J2EE environment architected, designed and developed a web-based application called the Assignment and Correspondence Tracking System (ACT). ACT is a Knowledge Management system that provides a standard process to assign tasks, respond to inquiries and share correspondence internally. Individual design efforts include OO analysis and design of the application. Individual development efforts include writing the Data Access layer for the application using JDBC and EJB’s as well as Struts, JSP and Web Services development. Other duties include being the project DBA as well as Solaris system administration.

EDUCATION

East Carolina University, Greenville, North Carolina
Computer Science, Bachelor of Arts 1988

CLEARANCE

Public Trust (DHS) TS/SCI (DOD)
Contact this candidate