Rediet Desta
Email: adj01l@r.postjobfree.com
Contact: 469-***-****

Summary:
8+ years of experience in complete Full Stack Development and Agile (SCRUM) methodologies.
Designed and programmed industry websites for large scale businesses using
experience in developing enterprise applications using Microsoft .NET technologies.
Hands on development experience in .Net developing Web-based design, Distributed application and programming using Visual studio, ASP.NET, Visual Basic, C#, SQL Server.
Experienced in Microsoft Technologies such as .NET Framework, ASP.Net, C#.NET, Web Services, WCF, MVC, XML, HTML, CSS, Visual Studio, AJAX, WPF, SSIS, SSRS packages and ADO.NET.
Hands on experience on creating UML Diagrams and experience in technical design documentations using UML modeling, agile methodologies, and design patterns.
Worked with various versions of Visual Studio 2005, 2008, 2010, 2012, 2013.
Experience working with Enterprise level Large Scale Applications.
Good working experience in performing Unit Testing in all .Net Applications developed.
Extensive use of technologies like XML, HTML, .NET and Visual basic.
Strong communication, analytical and time management skills.
Experience in full software development life cycle (SDLC) phases like Requirements Gathering, analyzing, designing, coding, Testing, and maintaining computer software applications.
Good knowledge in using Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS) and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Excellent Analytical, Problem solving ability, capable of leading teams, work independently or as part of a team.
Have good interpersonal communications, ability to work collaboratively and commitment to achieving corporate goals
HTML/HTML5, CSS3/CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Typescript, React, Redux, AngularJS, Angular 2, Express JS, Node.js, Microsoft .NET Web API, .NET MVC 5 and Microsoft SQL Server

Education: Electrical Engineering in Princeton University, Princeton, NJ
Technical Skills:
.Net Technologies
.Net Framework 1.0, 1.1, 2.0, 3.0, 3.5,4.0, ASP.Net, C#, VB.Net, ADO.Net, Web Forms, Win Forms, Web Services.
Languages:
C#. Net, OOP, SQL.
Web Technologies:
ASP.NET, MVC, .NET 4.0/4.5, ADO.NET, WCF
Web Services:
ASP.NET AJAX, CSS, XML, HTML, Bootstrap, MVVM
Web Servers:
Internet Information Services (IIS)
Database:
SQL Server 2016/14/12, SSMS, MS Access
Scripting Languages:
Java Script, jQuery
Framework
Angular, N-unit
Development Tools:
MS Visual Studio 2015/17/12
Reporting Tools:
SQL Reporting Services (SSRS)
Testing Tools
Selenium
Cloud Technologies
Microsoft Azure,
Professional Experience:
Premier, Pittsburgh, PA March 2018 – Present
Role: Full Stack Senior Software Developer (React, .NET Web APIs)
Description: Developing a platform using ASP.NET4.5+ to be used by Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) as part of their Partnership for Patients initiative which aims at making HealthCare safer and preventing complications during transitions from one healthcare provider to another. Developing a web application that runs on the previously mentioned platform. This web application enables Health practices around the United States electronically submit the health checkup reports of patients who are deemed to be at risk of a having a heart attack. Developing a second web application, which enables health practices around the United States that specialize in Cancer diagnosis and treatment to electronically submit a health checkup report of patients at risk of developing Cancer.
Responsibilities:
Extensively working with HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AngularJS framework and React to design beautiful and responsive user interfaces for both web applications.
Deeply involved in the process of converting the second web application from an AngularJS front end application to a React application which involved at the initial and middle phases of the process, maintaining some parts of the application in React and others in AngularJS.
Utilizing ASP.NET4.5+ to build a highly modularized platform that provides access to its resources using ASP.NET Web API. A major component of my work involves the handling in C# code, the uploading and downloading of resources in various document formats.
Designing, creating and updating databases, and implementing a secure transaction of data between the front end and the databases by constructing stored procedures, dynamic SQL, functions and views by using SQL Server Management Studio 2016.
Extensively involved in developing a fully accessible web application for users who cannot see fully or partially using best practices in the industry.
Writing out rigorous automated UI testing of the application using Spec Flow and Selenium in collaboration with the Quality Assurance team to ensure that both web applications and the platform are meeting the requirements and standards of our clients and the industry.

Environment: C#, Microsoft .NET Web API, HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, React, Redux, Angular JS, Bootstrap, Node JS, Microsoft Visual Studio, SQL, Microsoft Visual Code, Agile Methodology
CVS Pharmacy, Philadelphia, PA February 2017 -January 2018
Role: Full Stack Developer (React, .NET Web APIs)
Description: CVS Pharmacy is currently the largest pharmacy chain in the United States by number of locations and total prescription revenue. The application we built for CVS pharmacy was able to simplify the organizational process of prescription drugs transactions that occur at multiple locations called hubs scattered all over the United States. I worked on the transactions processing module, which was a feature used by the hubs to process incoming and outgoing, items. I also created a “Google-like” search capability so that the company could be able to perform real-time analysis of various relationships within the company. Moreover, I implemented multiple visualization tools including graphs and charts to help visualize various relationships amongst sellers and buyers.
Responsibilities:
●Utilized React as a Front-end Framework and .NET Web APIs as a Back-end framework for this application.
●Worked with React and Redux concepts like building the Components, Life Cycle Hooks, Virtual DOM, State Management, Central Store, Pure Components and Functions, Redux forms, Refs, and many more to create a durable application.
●Implemented Axios services to connect the web application to backend APIs to perform CRUD operations on the data used in the application.
●Implemented OAuth 2.0/ token authentication provider mechanism to protect resources.
●Created Higher Order Components to filter relevant components according to search input.
●Implemented React Router including children routes to enable navigation from one view to the next as employee performs application tasks.
●Created various types of charts to highlight various relationships and trends using Chart.js
●Used .NET Web API framework to create a RESTful APIs and Dapper to fetch data from our database.
●Operated under Agile project development cycle with Bi-weekly sprints, daily stand up, retrospective sessions and sprint planning.
●Used GIT and SourceTree for source control and JIRA for project task tracking purposes.

Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, React, Redux, Typescript, Express, Node.js, Bootstrap, Jasmine, Karma, JSHint, npm, Agile methodology, Git, Rxjs, REST API's, Chart.Js, Sublime, SourceTree

T-Mobile – Plainsboro, NJ May 2015 – January 2017
Role: Full Stack Developer (Angular 2, Node JS)
Project Description: T-Mobile is the largest multinational telecommunications company in the United States. My T-Mobile is a web application developed for the customers to access and modify customer data and other account information like previous bills, personal data etc. This application is used to manage T-Mobile service and user account. The application enables customers to make changes in their account, explore their bill, make bill payments online, start or stop services, check the order, request status and check or reschedule the customer center appointment. I was mainly involved in implementing the Customer Info, Customer Plans, Order and Order status modules of the application.

Responsibilities:

●Utilized Angular 2 as a Front-end Framework and Node.JS as a Back-end framework for this application.
●Worked with Angular 2 concepts like building the Components, Directives, Data binding, String Interpolation, Property Binding, and Event Binding to create a durable application.
●Implemented Angular 2 services to connect the web application to backend APIs to perform CRUD operations on the data used in the application.
●Implemented HTTP requests using Rxjs Observable library to handle values over time.
●Implemented OAuth 2.0/ token authentication provider mechanism to protect resources.
●Created Custom pipes to filter relevant components according to search input.
●Implemented Caching using Rxjs Observables which boosted overall performance
●Implemented Angular Router including children routes to enable navigation from one view to the next as employee performs application tasks.
●Created various types of charts to highlight various relationships and trends using Chart.js
●Used Node.js frameworks like Express to create a RESTful APIs and Mongoose to fetch data from our database.
●Involved in writing test cases using Jasmine and Karma to ensure 100% code coverage.
●Operated under Agile project development cycle with Bi-weekly sprints, daily stand up, retrospective sessions and sprint planning.
●Used GIT and SourceTree for source control and JIRA for project task tracking purposes.

Environment: ASP.NET, C#.NET, MS Visual Studio 2010, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, Angular 2, Typescript, .NET Web APIs, Bootstrap, Jasmine, Karma, JSHint, npm, Agile methodology, Git, Rxjs, REST API’s, Chart.Js, Sublime, SourceTree

Anthem Inc.- Lowell, MA January 2014-April 2015 Role: .Net MVC Developer
Description: Anthem Inc. is an American largest for-profit managed health care insurance company in the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association. The project was an Internal Application from which the employees can give a customer Insurance Catalog and the employees can access Customer information and update the customer information on various types of insurance policies provided by the company based on the customer’s financial flexibility. Employees can process claims and authorize payments for the customers, provides various functionalities such as generating different types of quotes based on medical history of customers. I worked on features where the user can enter their information and identify approximate costs of insurance along with their respective insurance provider.

Responsibilities:
●Designed and implemented an application with .Net MVC Framework, Microsoft SQL Server and jQuery Library.
●Utilized html helper methods inside the application’s razor views.
●Created a Custom Route Config file to control how routes are managed in the application
●Implemented efficient and scalable Action Methods inside Controllers that directly received input from the user interface processed the request and returned appropriate data.
●Implemented ASP.Net identity for user authentication and authorization including login using Facebook and Gmail.
●Factorized the views codebase by using partial views as reusable components.
●Used JIRA for issues and project tracking throughout development
●Designed beautiful and responsive user interfaces using Bootstrap
●Used Sql queries to create and update databases relevant to the project.
●Used Entity framework to connect our Database to the application
●Implemented Database first approach to connect our application to our database.
●Used Team Foundation Server to update, access and version control my team’s workflow.
Environment: .Net MVC Framework, Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, Microsoft SQL Server, jQuery Library, ChartJS, Bootstrap, Team Foundation Server, CSS, HTML, Entity Framework
More Bank, Philadelphia, PA November 2012-December 2013
Role: Web Forms Developer
Description: More Bank is a division of The Bank of Princeton located in Philadelphia which provides regular banking and credit services. The More Bank Attendance Management System (MBAs) is a web application tool, which provides services to management team to record employees’ daily/weekly attendance, vacations leave and leaving comments for a request. It also allows authorized managers to approve/reject requests and filter requests by date and time for each employee's request history. MBAs reduces the redundant paperwork and makes the Philadelphia branch works more efficiently by allowing managers and HR retrieve employees’ information much easier and adjust accordingly.

Responsibilities:
●Designed and implemented a 3-Tier (n-tier) Application including the Presentation, Business and Data Access Layer and TFS.
●The Presentation Layer is implemented in ASP.Net with GUI, HTML, Cascading Style Sheets and Web Controls. The Web Forms are developed utilizing the C#.
●Implemented Business Layer for the application using C#
●Developed Windows forms using C# .NET for the purpose of high degree of interactivity.
●Involved in development of Custom Controls and User Controls to support shared functionality of displaying customer details common to all pages.
●Developed ASP.NET Server controls, HTML Controls, Custom Controls, Styles, Data Templates Commands, and related features to craft a compelling user experience.
●Used Ajax Controls to reduce the client server turnaround time, hence enhancing the performance of the application.
●Implemented a Data Access Layer for the Application using ADO.NET for data input, query, retrieve and management.
●Implemented Stored Procedures and triggers (T SQL) for the data access using SQL Scripts and tested SQL Server 2008.
●Maintained the view state and session state management for application.
●Used TFS Services as Source Control and Work Item Tracking and Project Portal.
●Involved in Agile software development methodologies.

Environment: ASP.NET, C#.NET, MS Visual Studio 2010, ADO.NET, SQL Server 2008/2012, Win forms, Web Services-Unit, WCF, TFS, AJAX, LINQ, JavaScript, Windows XP.
Contact this candidate