Applications were built via (x* Team Members) in a sprint. The
projects range from social media platforms too travel guides. Group projects aimed at mastering CRUD and group dynamics/workflow via Github.
C#
.NET (ASP.NET/MVC)
SQL
React.js/ React Native
JavaScript-ES6
HTML/ CSS / SASS
Node.js/ npm
Firebase
Postman
Cloudinary (React SDK)
ReactStrap, BootStrap
Materialize, Styled Comp.
Scrum Experience
T R I G G S U M M S
F U L L S T A C K S O F T W A R E D E V E L O P E R WHO I AM
I'm a Full Stack Developer and recent graduate from Nashville Software School (Cohort 41, Nov 2020). I have always enjoyed investigating new systems, exploring their tools and unlocking their capabilities. I hope to hone my programming abilities and advance my career, and currently, I am searching for the right opportunity. If these values align with your mission, please reach out. OS: (Microsoft)
Win7/Win8/Win10 as well as VISTA/XP
(Apple) OS X 10.5 to 10.13
Microsoft Suite, Google Enterprise/Drive
Deepfreeze & Parallels
Sales force, SolarWinds, ElevenOS, AEM
Various printer eservices
Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Light room,
Premiere, InDesign
ZOOM, TeamViewer, LogMeIn/Rescue, etc.
Certification 12/2020:
AWS Cloud Practitioner Essentials
NSS's intensive full time web development program trains students in full stack programming. Instruction leads students through individual and group based projects producing an assortment of web applications. Several team based applications were utilized while working remotley. Nashville Software School May 2020 - Nov 2020
is a single page web application geared towards assisting the average "forgetful" plant enthusiast. The application represents a means of journaling and cataloging a users overgrown houseplant collection. The user can create and customize their plant cards with key survival variables, needed for the current and seasons to come.
BEFORE ENROLLING AT NSS... After two years at Uniguest, I decided to travel to Asia. I spent 5 months learning Chinese and Japanese culture and toured the beaches of Thailand. My return from this enriching experience led to a change in careers. For 15 months, I worked as a chef, but ultimately, I decided to return to computer science through online courses and my enrollment in Nashville Software School. The rest is history, I'm excited to apply my previous experience to my passion for Computer Programming.
Managed client-focused projects and directed the companies Associate Technicians Worked heavily with hardware vendors to resolve issues involving: Repair/ Maintenance/ Recovery
Worked with Network Engineers/NOC (level2/3) to resolve issues related to: ISP/NMC transfers/maintenance, Port tracing/Isolation Issues, Cable tracing, PMS integrations, Privatizing network groups (NAT/VPN), warranty processes Investigated root software issues in the platforms and worked towards timely and effective solutions.
Structured a triweekly culmination of performance and achievement based statistical data that would be surveyed with executives, in order for the UCrew fulfillment to be better met
Executed tasks involving OSx, iOS, Windows OS, advanced network-based solutions within hotels/hospitality groups, integration of PMS (Nomadix) systems Daily Contact with Director of IT/Operations, GM, NMC, ISP Operated as a Lead in the companies acquired software acquisition named
“Eleven Wireless” (A Business Center platform utilizing proprietary security software) PPU vs FTG, focusing on (Parallels/Deepfreeze, etc.) Analyst & IT Support May 2016 - June 2017
ACADEMIC BACKGROUND TECH STACK & SKILLS
Nashville, TN
https://triggsumms.github.io/
github.com/TriggSumms
adj1zv@r.postjobfree.com
@/in/triggsumms
NASHVILLE SOFTWARE SCHOOL
Graduated : Nov 2020
Curriculum: FULL Stack: (Focus: C# and .Net)
SEWANEE-UNIVERSITY OF THE SOUTH
Bachelor of Arts in Fine Art, May 2015
Design Focus:(Portfolio on Request)
Honor: DuPont Library Infrastructure Member
ACADEMIC TECHNOLOGY SERVICES TECHNICIAN
Student Technology Assistant 2012-2015
DuPont IT Technician Summer 2012 & 2013
Media and Event Coordinator Summer 2014
Holiday Road API Project, Nutshell I, Nutshell II (FrontEnd Single-Pg Apps) Front-End Capstone React.js / Boot&ReactStrap/ Materilize/ Cloudinary A Few Other Project HighLights:
Plant & Track
Heist & Dr. Teeth's (Console Apps), Tabloid Oysters/Crop Circle (Full Stack Apps) Applications were built via (x4 Team Members) in a sprint. The projects range from console application games to full stack social media platforms. group Projects aimed at mastering the backend and group workflow. is a full stack application aimed at improving the customer experience. The app has two users. Businesses willing to take the leap and create transparency between the customer/operator and Consumers willing to "review" the experience or service due to intrigue with public opinion or even compensation from the business.
Back-End Capstone C#/ .Net / React.js/ Boot&ReactStrap/ etc. Experience Right
PROJECTS WORK EXPERIENCE
UNIGUEST, INC. 2016- 2018
is the global leader in providing highly secure, fully managed customer-facing technology solutions on an outsourced basis to the hospitality, senior living, specialty retail, education, and corporate sectors.
Senior Technical Support Analyst June 2017 - April 2018
Contact this candidate