Summary

Microsoft Technology Specialist with * years of IT experience in developing n-Tier, Client-Server Web-based business applications using Microsoft .NET technology
Proficient in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle using Waterfall and Agile methodologies.
Good understanding of Object-Oriented Design and Development (OODD) concepts.
Experienced in analysis of business and system requirements, data modeling, documentation, development, deployment, and testing.
Extensive experience in developing web pages using ASP.NET (4.0/3.5/3.0/ CORE), MVC 4.0/3.0, C#, Entity Framework, Web API, HTML/HTML5, XML, CSS, TypeScript, JavaScript, Backbone.js, React JS, Redux, jQuery, JSON, Node.js, Ajax & Bootstrap.
Experience in Node environment using Node.js, NPM. Strong in using the Node.js and MVC Frameworks in the development of the web application.
Stay updated on the latest JavaScript practices following Typescript & ES6
Expertise in React JS framework to develop the SPA.
Experienced in React JS and working with React Hooks architecture.
Experienced in working with Redux architecture using complex Object-Oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites.
Experience in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Flux concept.
Good Experience in React.js for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.
Familiar with creating Custom Reusable React Components Library.
Experience in using Language-Integrated Query [LINQ] (LINQ to SQL, LINQ to objects and LINQ to Entities).
Experience in securing web applications using ASP.NET authentication (Forms-based Authentication) and authorization mechanisms like authorizing Users, Roles and User Account Impersonation.
Expertise in designing and developing complex SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Indexes, User Defined Functions, using MS SQL Server 2017.
Experience in transforming complex business logic into Database design and maintaining it by using SQL tools like Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions, Views, TSQL Scripting, DTS and Jobs.
Extensively worked in SQL server Reporting services (SSRS) to create reports that draw content from a variety of data source.
Experience in Data Modeling (logical modeling and physical modeling), Entity relationship diagram (ERD) development/normalization and physical database schema design using MS Visio.
Experience in using GIT, Team Foundation Server, SVN & Microsoft Visual SourceSafe.
Used Amazon Cloud Watch to monitor AWS services and Amazon Cloud Watch logs to monitor application.
Integration of Amazon Web Services (AWS) with other applications infrastructure.
Strong proficiency in supporting Production Cloud environments (AWS, VMWare) as well as traditional managed hosted environments.
Worked on AWS Cloud platform and its features which include EC2, VPC, AMI, RDS, SES, S3, Route 53, IAM, LDAP, Cloud Formation, Cloud Front, and Cloud Watch.
Creating automation and deployment templates for relational and NOSQL databases (standalone and RDS), including MSSQL, MYSQL, in AWS.
Work experience on Windows Azure, Azure Active Directory, SQL azure, creating resource groups, subscriptions, build definitions and release definitions.
Azure Cloud and DevOps consultant with concentrations on Azure IAAS / PAAS and SAAS.
Experience using NoSQL technologies - Azure Table Storage, Blob Storage, Queue, Document DB
Strong expertise on DevOps concepts like Continuous Integration (CI), Continuous delivery (CD) and Infrastructure as Code (IaaS), Cloud Computing etc.
Knowledge in Reporting Services using Power BI.

Technical Skills

Programming Languages

C#, T-SQL, PL/SQL.
Scripting Languages
JavaScript, TypeScript, jQuery, Angular 4.0, React.js & Redux, Node JS
Web Technologies
.Net Core,ASP.NET 4.0/3.5/3.0/2.0, ASP.NET MVC 4.0/3.0, ADO.NET, CSS, AJAX, HTML, HTML 5, XML, WCF, ASMX, LINQ, Web API
Cloud Technologies
AWS (Amazon Dynamo DB, Amazon Cloud Watch, Amazon Lambda), Microsoft Azure
Operating Systems
Windows 8/Win 7/Vista/, Windows Server2008/2003
Databases
SQL Server 2017, MongoDB
Application Design/IDE
Visual Studio 2019, Visual Studio Code
Tools
AJAX Control Tool Kit, Telerik, Infragistics, Microsoft Visio.

Education

Master’s in mechanical engineering, University of Texas at Arlington.
Bachelors in Aeronautical Engineering, JNTU, INDIA.

Certifications

Team Foundation Server from Social Interest Solutions.

Awards & Achievements

Above & Beyond Award (Social Interest Solutions)
Received this award for improving the performance of the overall HealthCare application by archiving 480 Million rows of data from a table which internally saved around 100 GB (approx) in space without effective any functionally of the application.

Core value Award (Social Interest Solutions)
This award was presented for being a good team player, good quality developer for writing clean code improving the performance of the overall application & always delivering the assigned SR’s & BRD’s on time with proper unit testing.

Professional Experience

Client : DEPARTMENT OF RESOURCES RECYCLING AND RECOVERY (CalRecycle)
Location : Sacramento, CA
Duration : March 2020 – Till Date
Role : Senior Full Stack Developer
Project : SWIS

Responsibilities:
Work in the Microsoft Team Foundation Server / Visual Studio development environment to develop software utilizing the Microsoft.Net Framework.
Develop the code for the application using existing internal and external standards and specifications and execute detailed test plans, test scripts, and test execution checklists.
Design and Develop User interface with ADA compliance and responsive to support Large, medium and small devices like Monitors, tablets and cell phone.
Develop and Troubleshoot SSIS Packages for data Migration Incremental and full extracts to stage from other relational databases to load normalized data store updates and history tracking.
Understand and Implement internal R3Core frameworks.
Development and deployment of web services to a shared web service infrastructure, based on Service Oriented Architecture principles and concepts.
Work on defect fixes and Enhancements. Coordinate with Project Management team on defect resolution, deployment and support.
Developed the presentation layer by using Telerik Kendo UI components
Assist project teams to create new and modify existing reports, charts, etc. using Telerik Kendo UI components, Telerik Reporting, Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services, Aspose.Word for .NET, Spire.NET, client-side ESRI/Google/MapBox mapping libraries, and other technologies as needed.
Prepare Architecture Design Document (ADD) and present it to Enterprise architecture review board for approval before implementing the design.
Responsible for managing AWS resources in cloud and maintain Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment pipeline for fast paced robust application development environment.
Participate in development of use cases, E-R diagrams and technical design documentation.
Design and create database logical and physical data models, re-usable components, Class and application interaction diagrams
Work with Project Managers, Business users, Subject Mater Experts to understand functional requirements and collaborate with other cross-functional teams.
Participate in high-level project estimation, system design, modeling, and solution design reviews.
Interfaces, system integration, deployments, and assisting with the development of GUI interfaces.
Perform Unit & Regression Testing on the components being developed.
Provide Weekly Status Reports to Project Manager.

Environment:
Microsoft .Net Core Framework, Azure, ASP.NET MVC, AWS, Visual Studio, Telerik UI, Bootstrap, Visio ERD Tools, RDMS, SSMS, SSRS, XML, XSLT, Web services, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, SOA, TAP, APM

Client : Alluma / Social Interest Solutions
Location : Sacramento, CA
Duration : July 2013 – Feb 2020
Role : .Net Developer
Project : Health-E-Arizona Health Care

Description: Applying for health, social services and other support can be a cumbersome process for individuals and families. Social Interest Solutions (SIS) uses technology to help streamline the application process for families and program administrators by providing one electronic application (One-E-App) that collects and stores information, screens and delivers data electronically, and helps families enroll in a range of public and private programs. One-E-App technology connects low income families to programs and services ranging from Medicaid, SCHIP, and Food Stamps (SNAP) to income tax credits, energy subsidies and more.

Responsibilities:
Involved in Software development life cycle (SDLC) of application in design, implementation, testing, deployment and maintenance phases.
Worked closely with business partners and staff to understand desired system requirements.
Provided on Call support for production issues.
Involved in a team which was focused on migrating our old application to a new framework using React.js with Redux & .Net CORE.
Developed the Front-End and User Interface of ARWorks applications using Typescript, ES6, React, and Redux.
Developed Single Page Applications (SPAs) using React-Router and to enable navigation from one view to the next as clients performs application tasks.
Involved writing modules using React as a view engine to build component-based application.
Created reusable React components and managed application state with Redux.
Applied redux middleware using redux-promise, redux-thunk and redux-saga.
Used axios calls and requesting JSON information through RESTful APIs to fetch data and secure client’s information from server asynchronously. Worked with Spring/Hibernate framework.
Selecting the appropriate AWS service based on compute, data, or security requirements.
Integration of Amazon Web Services( AWS) with other applications infrastructure.
Experience working with Docker to improve our (CD) Continuous Delivery framework to streamline releases
Updated databasescripts to accommodate changes due to UI overhaul (for both Oracle and MongoDB).
Monitoring the performance of the whole web application & database using a tool “New Relic” & reporting/identifying issues before receiving any calls from the client or helpdesk.
Participated in daily scrums and weekly meetings with the project sponsors to meet expectations and deadlines.
Used C#.Net with Visual Studio 2019 for Web based applications.
Used WCF to access Business Components.
Designed and developed a N-tier architecture that included Presentation, Business and Data Access Layers using C#.Net, ASP.NET 3.0/2.0 and SQL Server 2005.
Implemented Presentation Layer in ASP.NET 3.0 using Web Forms, User Control, Web Controls, HTML, and Cascading Style Sheets.
Developed classes for business entities in the business layer.
Implemented the Data Access Layer using ADO.NET and was involved in writing and maintaining complex SQL Queries and the required Stored Procedures, Triggers and Functions.
Worked on developing stored procedures, functions, triggers & views. Improved the performance of bad performing procedures by removing the while loops and cursors.
Worked extensively on web forms and data binding controls like data grid, data list and drop-down boxes and Mapping page fields to the database fields.
Implemented Web Services using C# that act as a Business Component for the Dynamic Rendering Engine.
Participated in Design reviews and code reviews.

Environment: React.js, Redux, Node Js ES6, AWS (Amazon Cloud Watch, Amazon Lambda), AJAX, MongoDB, C#, .Net Core, LINQ, MS SQL Server 2010, XML, jQuery, TypeScript, JavaScript, Microsoft Visual Code, GIT.

Client : University of Texas
Location : Arlington, TX
Duration : April 2012 – May 2013
Role : Web Developer
Project : Network-Based Engineering Computational Utilities

Description: HTML & JavaScript was used to develop a code which would obtain solutions for simple engineering problems. Code was developed to get the solution for Maximum deflection & deflections at any distance on a Cantilever beam with point load, Uniformly Distributed Load and simply supported beam with Uniformly Distributed Load.

Responsibilities:
Maintenance of Classic ASP Applications.
Creating Tables, Views, Triggers and Stored Procedures in SQL Server 2012.
Creating Reports in SQL Server Reporting Services.
Development of Ms Access Applications.
Converted the static HTML design markup to fully functional components by writing the custom directives in Angular JS.
Developed single page applications using AngularJS.
Working with Visual Studio 2012.
Development of Web Applications using HTML, JavaScript and CSS
Maintaining and using IIS 7.0 for Intranet and Internet Web Sites.
Experience implementing third party API in Web Pages.
Design and Development of .Net assemblies in ASP.Net.
Using Git for Development Source Control.

Environment: ASP.NET 3.5, C# 3.5, ADO.NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, DHTML, Visual Studio 2005, SQL Server 2005, IIS 6.0, Web Services, SOAP, WSDL, XML, AJAX, MS Visual SourceSafe 6.0, .NET Framework, WCF, XAML, XHTML, XSLT, N-Unit Testing Tool.

Client : Telesis
Location : Hyderabad, India
Duration : Jan 2010 – Feb 2011
Role : Web Developer
Project : TouchPoint

Description: TouchPoint is a web-based solution, which enables users to go through the compliance-information for mutual funds. Features include real time compliance envelope of all documents, Prospectus, Annual Report, Semi Annual Reports and Statement of Additional Information of mutual funds. The process involves collection of data feed from SEC (Securities & Exchange Commission) in pgp format, decrypt the data files, parse the data into the database. This data is supplied to the clients in web format and also in xml format, which will be used in their applications. Depending on the administration levels users can control the data like combining multiple compliances, reports and more.

Responsibilities:

Involved in the design and implementation of new enhancements to the system.
Used Microsoft Visio for creating Database diagrams and dataflow diagrams.
Used CSS Style Sheets for web pages.
Implemented business logic using C#.
Developed web pages for the application using C# Asp.Net, JQuery, Angular JS, CSS, HTML5, JavaScript and AJAX.
Created SQL stored procedures to interact with the database.
Used ADO.NET to access and manipulate relational data in SQL 2005.
Designed user controls and custom controls.
Performed front end validations using JavaScript and ASP.NET validation control.
Handled troubleshooting and maintenance of already existing applications.
Used VSS as a Version control tool and for synchronizing work with other developers in the team.
Developed ASMX Web Services using C#, ASP.NET for an Image application which publishes the image and retrieves the images.
Involved in Unit and Integration testing of the application.
Used ADO.Net Entity Framework, LINQ to XML to pull the data into web services.
Developed data access layer using ADO.NET for database connection and executing database queries to interact with database
Created tables and Stored Procedures in SQL Server 2012 and used LINQ for querying objects.

Environment: C#, ASP.NET 2.0, IIS 6.0, ADO.NET, MS SQL Server 2005, Visual Studio 2008, Windows Server 2003, Microsoft Visio 2.0, Microsoft Visual Source Safe.
Contact this candidate