Safna Banu Noorhul Rafic
SOFTWARE ENGINEER IN ST. LOUIS, MO
PHONE 415-***-**** EMAIL adk4po@r.postjobfree.com
GITHUB https://github.com/SafnaRafic LINKEDIN https://www.linkedin.com/in/safnabanu/ Master’s in computer science (89%) and Bachelor’s in applied science. Goal oriented, determined and focused with a keen eye for details. Full Stack Developer, Knowledge of JavaScript, AngularJS, Java, and Spring Boot. Excellent documentation and organizational skills. Analytical and technical bent of mind. Eager to contribute to all phases of the developmental cycle. LANGUAGES
• Java • J a v a S c r i p t
• C++ • HTML/CSS
FRAMEWORKS
• Angular • SpringBoot
DATABASES
• MySQL
• T-SQL
WORK EXPERIENCE
Tech Leadership Fellow (Full Stack – Java/Java Script), LaunchCode, St. Louis, MO, August 2020 - Present
● Mentor a group of students as their principal education and support point of contact throughout LaunchCode LC101 program.
● Team leadership with people management, and group facilitation skills.
● Delivering course content to assigned group of students
● Administering the course, including grading and attendance
● Works one-on-one with every student in the class to ensure optimal support and learning
● Help students in Programming in a variety of languages, including object-oriented, dynamically- and statically-typed, compiled and interpreted
● Presenting programming concepts in both verbal and written settings
● Staying up to date on current programming trends and practices
● Strong desire to work with driven individuals and help them succeed
● An outcome-oriented work ethic
● Facilitate development of coding skills for students with a wide range of experience.
● Guide students to complete projects in an array of languages by the required deadline.
● Help Students expand knowledge in JavaScript, Java, Angular, Springboot, Thymeleaf, and MySQL.
● Manage student progress report
● Create and implement teaching strategies.
● Serve as a bridge between student development and administrative teams.
● Coach students through difficulties, helping to bolster their confidence and growth. PROJECT EXPERIENCE
Emergency Disaster Assistance (EDA): Emerge, Contribute & Rejuvenate
● Emergency Disaster - all in one information for Donor, Volunteer, In-need, and emergencytips
● Designed Blood Donor page for easy Registration and to search blood donor
● Volunteer page for getting volunteer availability information with an option to search volunteers in each area.
● Special In-need page for anyone who needs items during disaster. Donors can directly help from in- need page items instead of waiting for other aids. Technology Stack: Java, Spring Boot, MVC, MySQL
Thesis, Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation TNSTC, Coimbatore, Jan 2011 – May 2011
● Implement, test, and deploy ‘Coimbatore Metro Concessional Transit’ utility which includes free transit, Employee concession, Discounted Transit and other discounted tickets system for school and college students.
● Legacy systems mostly relied upon manual processing including applications received by mail from schools and colleges, printing and distributing of concessional transit cards, maintaining records, and producing manual reports.
● Transit concession utility helped cutting processing time and waiting times for customers. Improved customer satisfaction by making all application processes online for schools and colleges. No need of mailing in or every month tiring visit to transit offices for renewal of their transit cards. EDUCATION
Launch code, LC101 Full Stack Developer Program and LiftOff— 2019/2020 Batch Scrum Foundation, Scrum Foundation Professional Certificate - Agile Scrum Master Course Software Testing, Software Quality Assurance Testing Training Program Anna University, Coimbatore India, Master of Computer Applications— 2011 (89%)
Contact this candidate