Name: Hemanth Email: adk6nr@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: +1-778-***-****

Professional Summary:

Overall 5+ years of experience in all phases of software development life cycle (SDLC), which includes User Interaction, Business Analysis/Modelling, Design/Architecture, Development, Implementation, Integration, Documentation, Testing, and Deployment of desktop, Enterprise and Web based applications using Java, J2EE technologies. Knowledge on Java features like lambda expressions and Java Stream API.
Strong application development experience in using Agile and SAFe Agile Software Development methodologies like Scrum, Sprint and Traditional software models like Waterfall and TDD.
Expertise in developing web pages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, Angular 6, ReactJS, Bootstrap with webpage cross browser compatibility and responsive web design and Server scripting language like Node JS.
Hands on expertise with Angular 6 components, Parent-Child framework along with typescript and Angular CLI and also proficient with Karma and Jasmine for test cases.
Proficient in implementation of frameworks like Spring (Spring MVC, Spring Web Flow, Spring IOC, Spring AOP, Spring Security, Spring Boot, Spring Data, Spring Batch, Spring TX), JSF, AJAX frameworks (Rich Faces, MyFaces) and ORM frameworks like Hibernate/JPA.
Developed web-based enterprise applications using core Java, J2EE, Servlets, JSP, EJB, JMS, JDBC, Hibernate, Web Services (SOAP and REST), MVC framework (Struts, Spring MVC), SQL and Object-Oriented Programming techniques. Expertise XML technologies like DTD, XSD, XSLT and various parsers like DOM, SAX and JAXB.
Involved in various Data Model Design, Schema and Table design as per client requirements to speed up the systems.
Proficient in core java concepts like Collection Framework, Multi-threading, Generics, Annotations, Serialization, Thread pools, JavaBeans, Externalization.
Extensive experience working with RDBMS such as MySQL, MS SQL Server, Teradata, DB2, Oracle.
Experience in working with the NoSQL Database like MongoDB to manage extremely large data sets.
Expertise in Creating Hibernate configuration file, Hibernate Mapping files and defined persistence classes to persist the data into Oracle Database. Expertise at JDBC API for connection and access to databases.
Proficient in developing Web Services, related technologies &frame works: WSDL, SOAP, REST, JAX-WS, JAXB, JAX-RPC, AXIS and Jersey, SOAP UI and generating client's client using Eclipse for Web Services consumption.
Hands on experience in creation, Configuration and management of MQ series objects like Queue Managers.
Worked on deployment, installation, configuration and issues with Application servers like Apache Tomcat, IBM Web Sphere, BEA WebLogic and JBoss Enterprise Application Server.
Experience in implementing Design Patterns like Singleton, Factory, MVC, Data Access Object and Business Delegate. Experienced in developing UML diagrams with Star UML, Rational Rose.
Actively involved in the DevOps streamlining process through Crucible, Jenkins, Bamboo, TeamCity CI and CD Release Automation.
Develop automation solutions leveraging shell script and Java Scripts to increase the operational efficiency of applications.
Extensively worked on Pivotal Tracker and JIRA tools for tracking stories in a Project in a different methodology of Software Development Life Cycle. Hands on experience in building tools like Maven, Gradle.
Configured and created application log files using Log4J to trace required application messages.
Having Experience on UNIX, Linux commands and Deployment of Applications in Server and ability to work effectively on Windows platforms. Subversion SVN, CVS, GIT and Visual Source Safe as versioning software tools.
Ability to work effectively in cross-functional team environments and experience of providing training to business user. Experience on different IDEs such as RAD, Eclipse, Spring Tool Suite, and IntelliJ.
Good understanding of Business workflow, Business logic and Business methods for further implementation of user requirement in a distributed application environment.

Technical Skills:

Languages
C, C++, Java, J2EE, SQL
Enterprise Java
Java, J2EE, RMI, Sockets, JDBC, Servlets, Swing, JSP, JMS, Java Beans, JSTL, JSF, Struts, EJB, Spring, JTA, JNDI and JPA
Web/XML Technologies
HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular 6, XML, XSD, XSL/XSLT, SAX/DOM, AJAX, JSON, NodeJS.
Tools & Frameworks
Struts, Hibernate, Spring MVC, Spring Web Flow, Spring IOC, Spring AOP, JMS, JSF, Log4J, SOA, Jasper reports, SOAP UI, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Spring Security, Apache Kafka, Spring Data.
Web services
SOAP, RESTful, UDDI, WSDL, JAX-RPC, JAX-RS JAX-WS, JAX-B, Apache Axis2, Apache CFX, JMS, MQ, AWS
Web/App Servers
Web Sphere, Apache, Tomcat, JBoss, EAP, WebLogic
Database
Oracle, SQL-Server, MySQL server, MS SQL, IBM DB2, MongoDB and NoSQL
Development Tools
Eclipse, RAD, Spring Tool Suite (STS), IntelliJ
O-R mapping
Hibernate, JPA, JTA
Testing Tools/ Others
JUnit, PowerMock, Mokito, Cucumber, RTC, LoadUI, JIRA
Version Control: GIT, CVS, SVN
Platforms
Windows, LINUX, Sun Solaris, UNIX

Professional Experience:

Client: Element AI, Montreal, QC Date: Jan 2020 – Till Date
Role: Fullstack Java Developer

Responsibilities:

Involved in analysis, specification, design, and implementation and testing phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and used agile methodology (SCRUM) for developing application using new generation apps and continuous support and maintenance of Legacy Production.
Expertise in Front-End Development using MVC frameworks such as Spring, JSF and pure UI frameworks like Angular 6 using typescript and Validations using HTML, XHTML, CSS, Java Script, JSP.
Created Test Automation Framework with Cucumber and implemented business driven development using Given, When and Then.
Assist with design of core scripts to automate SPLUNK maintenance dashboard and alerting tasks along with providing assistance and debugging with SPLUNK logs on various platforms.
Implemented dashboards using Tableau to display data results for different Point-Of-View’s for monthly, quarterly and annual data feed.
Designed and implemented a database migration to centralize multiple local MySQL database instances.
Worked on databases with MySQL and DB2 for new generation applications and production legacy applications respectively.
Excellent analytical skills with the ability to quickly understand complex Unix based programming and application issues as well as devise effective technical solutions.
Good experience in development of different types of Swing customized components and proficient with Java Swing with event handling and listeners.
Developed diagrams for Data Structure Entity Relationship and Data Flow, performed capacity planning for database growth and load-balancing of MySQL database.
Ensured availability and security for database in a production environment.
Configured and maintained MySQL database servers.
Designed websites, interfaces, and layouts to fit client’s desires including developing responsive layouts using JavaScript, HTML5/XHTML, CSS, jQuery, Bootstrap, Angular and supporting legacy applications built in Angular6 framework.
Hands on experience in developing enterprise grade API integration layer, web application using J2EE technologies with java, SQL Server/Oracle MySQL DB and DB2.
Experience with API/Micro-services/streaming architecture.
Implemented Micro Service Architecture with Spring Boot based RESTful services and consumed RESTful based Web Services.
Designed and developed Micro Services based business components and RESTful service endpoints using Spring boot.
Implemented shell script to automate the production run, dry run, metadata run and full staging data across various application and environments and automation of batch process.
Worked extensively with continuous integration and continuous deployment using Jenkins, Bamboo, TeamCity and Crucible.
Implemented successfully business driven development (BDD) and testing driven development (TDD) working and validating with business requirement.
Used Maven as build automation tool for deploying the project on Web Sphere Application Server and used Jenkins to perform continuous Integration and Used JIRA as issue tracking tool.
Used GIT for version control tool and Spring Tool Suite (STS) for IDE.

Client: Capital one, Montreal, QC Date: Jan 2019- Dec 2019
Role: Fullstack Developer

Responsibilities:

Involved in analysis, specification, design, and implementation and testing phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and used SAFe agile methodology (SCRUM) for developing application.
Application is implemented using SAFe agile methodology where there is a daily SCRUM meeting to understand the status and resolve any issues.
Designed and developed user interactive screens using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, with Angular 6 Framework.
Built components based as per user requirements in Parent-Child Component structure based on Angular framework.
Write data load scripts to pull the data from multiple data sources like SQL Server database, MySQL database to maintain ACID properties and perform CRUD operations.
Develop stored procedure to support database operations of application and generate Confidential complex reports.
Used Spring Kafka API calls to process the messages smoothly on Kafka Cluster setup.
Work effectively with the large Technology Organization and Architecture teams to ensure architecture and engineering alignment in regard to our API Technology strategy
Build strong relationships with our Product and Sales team, coach, evangelize and market internally and externally our API product.
Have knowledge on partition of Kafka messages and setting up the replication factors in Kafka Cluster.
Implemented Spring boot microservices to process the messages into the Kafka cluster setup.
Created, published and consumed Angular Modules in various components and centralized reusable components to be injected and imported in required components.
Hands on experience with Karma and Jasmine.
Consumed Rest based services from Angular 6 using HTTP services.
Implemented and developed application using spring Boot, Hibernate, REST and SOAP based Web Services.
Used Angular Dependency Injection in components to inject different services.
Implemented the authentication, authorization and access-control features by using Spring Security and OAuth.
Created and maintained several Micro Services serving various functions in the cloud-service layer as well as the web layer.
Develop automation solutions leveraging shell scripting and Java Scripts to increase the operational efficiency of applications.
Implemented Shell scripting to run the batch process and also automate the integration and end-to-end test suites of various application on different environments.
Discussed Database Modal for two microservices using messaging service/tradition service structure.
Developed RESTful Services with JAX-RS using Spring Boot and Micro Services Architecture.
Created and Configure Micro Services architecture for Directory project and integrated with Angular6 components.
Experience with various MVC Java frameworks like Angular5/6, Node.JS, EmberJS, BootstrapJS, AngularJS, etc. Responsible for developing the partner Homepages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React JS, Node JS and jQuery.
Worked with JSON web tokens for authentication and authorization security configurations using Node.js applications.
Worked with npm commands and using package.json for managing dependencies and dev-dependencies of node is applications.
Comfortable working with MEAN (MongoDB, Express, Angular, NodeJS) stack.
Designed and developed persistence layer using Spring and Hibernate.
Implemented persistence layer using Hibernate for batch processing and to persist the data to the database.
Written SQL Queries and stored procedures to interact with Oracle.
Developed JUnit test cases for unit testing the integration layer.
Used GIT to maintain the version of files and took the responsibility to do the code merges from branch to trunk and creating new branch when new feature implementation starts.
Used Maven as build automation tool for deploying the project on Web Sphere Application Server and used Jenkins to perform continuous Integration and Used JIRA as issue tracking tool.
Used GIT for version control tool and Spring Tool Suite (STS) for IDE.

Environment: Java 1.8, J2EE, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Angular 6, Spring MVC, Spring Boot, Spring Security, OAuth, Spring Batch, REST, SOAP, Hibernate, LINUX, Microservices Architecture, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, JUnit, Shell Script, Maven, TeamCity, JIRA, GIT, STS, Linux, Safe Agile Methodology and IntelliJ.

Client: Magnus Information Services, India. Date: Apr 2017 – Dec 2018
Role: Java Developer

Responsibilities:

Involved in requirements gathering and analysis from the existing system. Captured requirements using Use Cases and Sequence Diagrams. Wrote Test Cases using JUNIT as a framework.
Developed the application using Servlets and JSP for the presentation layer along with JavaScript for the client-side validations. Developed and used JSP custom tags in the web tier to dynamically generate web pages.
Worked with Struts (MVC Paradigm) components such as Action Mapping, Action class, Dispatch action class, Action Form bean. Implemented spring service layer with dependency wiring, transaction, DAO and annotations.
Designed and developed the Java bean components and O/R Mapping using Hibernate.
Extensively worked on Spring Bean Wiring, Spring DAO and Spring AOP modules.
Implemented Spring AOP in exception handling, which it reduces the development time to handle the exceptions. Used PL/SQL, Stored Procedures for handling Oracle database.
Developed a code for Web services using XML, SOAP and used SOAP UI tool for testing the services.
Proficient in testing Web Pages functionalities and raising defects.
Participated in Code Reviews for better quality assurance and Debugged the application Module.
Deployed the application on Tomcat server. Used ANT for compilation and building the project.
Involved in planning process of iterations under the Agile Scrum methodology.
Used CVS for version control system. Used Log4J for logging the user events.

Environment: Java, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, JMS, Hibernate, Spring DI & AOP, Web Services, UML, HTML, DHTML, PL/SQL, JavaScript, Struts, CSS, XML, Tomcat, Log4j, CVS, Oracle, SQL server, JUnit, JNDI, Eclipse, SOAP.

Client: IBM, India Date: Apr 2015 to Mar 2017
Role: Cognos BI Developer

Responsibilities:

Worked in the IBM Business Intelligence project – Development of reports, feasibility check on data & report design, and developing web application consisting of analyzing and forecasting data using software tools like Cognos BI, SQL, HTML5, JavaScript and AngularJS.
Worked on Gap Analysis reports, Trend charts, Pipeline Reports, Key Deals Reports, Roadmap Analysis, Drill down, Drill through, Cascading prompts, Conditional formatting etc.
Worked on relational and dimensional package databases.
Know Cognos architecture & concepts.
Development of active reports using Cubes-Cognos.
Perform feasibility check for the designs and discuss with Business Analyst on the design.
Developed the design simple, understandable to team members.
Entering the DB2 database's data after daily Sales data load and updating reports, including pictorial representations.

Education:
Vardhaman College of Engineering – JNTUH, Hyderabad, India.
Contact this candidate