Tapas Kawari
Full stack web developer
Email: adkd0t@r.postjobfree.com
Github:
https://github.com/Kawaritapas
Contact: 702-***-****
Website:https://tapaskawari.ne
tlify.app/
Summary
I have been working with web development since 2019, the period during which I have worked on different projects. I am a self-motivated and self-taught professional who likes to solve problems.
I merge a passion for usability and user experience with technical knowledge to create cool digital experiences. My repertoire includes programming languages and tools such as ReactJS, MySQL,MongoDB,Javascript,Node.js,Express.js,jQuery, and more. Education
KLE Technological University— E&C
2017- 2020
Bachelor of engineering in electronics and communication KLE Polytechnic Hubli—E&C
2014- 2017
Diploma in electronics and communication
Experience
SP Robotic Works - Backend developer (NCRC)
● Implemented NCRC contest registration page
● Created api’s in backend
● Worked closely with the marketing team to gather requirements and ensure project quality
● Implemented frontend using vue.js Framework
● Implemented payment gateway in backend
Projects
SCREAMS social media app using React.js and Firebase Cloudstore A full stack, fully-featured social media application using React, Firebase, Redux, Express, and Material-UI
Camper Social Media web application(Github)
Social media network web application where users can create profile and post pictures, videos, text about the place they are visiting and sharing their experiences, users can do a LIve stream and that live stream can be watched by other signed in user,people can start chatting my entering rooms(socket.io), users can also do Video conferencing with other users,users can follow other users on platform and get notifications when the people who they follow create a post or comment on others post Streamify live stream web app(RTMP protocol)(Github) This is a video streaming app similar like twitch tv where user can login and create his own channel/stream and start streaming and many other users can view his broadcast Youtube clone (React.js)(Github)
Accepts user input in the form of text then makes a request to Youtube api to acquire data based on user input (Axios) and have used semantic UI for the user interface design and grids system, used three event handlers for the user input and has an inbuilt YouTube player to play the clicked video
Wallpaper searching React app(Unsplash API)(Github) Accepts user input in the form of text and using different event handling techniques to update the state and then to fetch the data based on user input from the unsplash api using Axios and finally used Css Grids to show the fetched image data.(FrameWork- semantic ui) Frontend skills
1. HTML
2. CSS
3. Javascript
4. Semantic UI
5. React.js
6. Redux
7. Vue.js(intermediate)
8. Jquery
9. ES6
10. Figma
11. SVG
12. Material UI
Backend skills
1. Node.js
2. Express.js
3. Firebase cloudstore
Databases
1. MySql
2. MongoDB
Programming languages
1. Javascript
2. Python(intermediate)
3. SQL
Operating system
1. Windows
2. Mac OS
3. Linux
Certifications
1] Web development: Udemy
2] MySql database: Udemy
3] Javascript : Hackerrank
4] Frontend : freecodecamp
5] scalability,Security:Harvard
6] React with Redux: Udemy
Languages
1. English
2. Kannada
3. Hindi
Contact this candidate