KRUNAL K. TOTE Phone: +91-976*******
E-mail:adko00@r.postjobfree.com
Career Objective
To be involved in work where I can utilize my skills creatively, acquire new knowledge and put my efforts for achieving organizational as well as individual goals Snapshot
2.5 Years of diversified working in Sales department as ‘Business Analyst’. Demonstrated ability to work both in independent and team-oriented environments with well-developed organizational skills, excellent interpersonal and communication skills, self-starter and a quick learner.
Achievements
Awarded as “customer Kudos of the Month” Three times in my working period for generating maximum number of clients base.
Awarded as “Fastest Fifty of the Month” for bringing highest payment at the start of the month.
Awarded as “Target Achiever of the month” for continues Eleven times in a row. Academics
Qualification Board/University Year of Passing % of Marks
B.E. (Electrical
Engineering)
Nagpur University 2018 6.65
HSC Maharashtra State Board 2014 64.77
%
SSC Maharashtra State Board 2012 81.60
%
Career Experience
Organization 1.ResearchInn Investment Advisor
Description Worked in sales Department (6/2018 – 2/2020) Role BDE, Business Analyst, Senior Business Analyst, Team lead Highlights Present, promote and sell Equity and Commodity Market financial services using solid arguments to existing and prospective customers.
Perform market research, cost-benefit and needs analysis of existing/potential customers to meet their needs.
Establish, develop and maintain positive business and customer relationships. Update customers with daily market updates and Managing database on CRM.
Organization 2.Capital Via Global Research Limited Description Worked in sales Department (2/2020 – 7/2020) Role Client Acquisition Manager
Highlights Present, promote and sell Equity and Commodity Market financial services using solid arguments to existing and prospective customers.
Perform market research, cost-benefit and needs analysis of existing/potential customers to meet their needs.
Organization 3.AnkHub Technology Services
Description Internship (8/2020 – 1/2021)
Role Intern
Highlights Attending departmental meetings and client visit. Assisting colleague with relevant tasks.
Organizing part of a training course, workshop or lecture. Languages Known:
Java Git CSS
C MySQL HTML5
DSA OOPs
Extra curricular :
Representative of save the children for Covid -19
Internship at CTPS(Chandrapur Thermal Power Station) Internship at Reliance Power Plant
Member of CraneBot 2.0 at Technex 2016.
Organizer Of Poster Competition on “International youth day” Key Projects:
Project on “Air Compressor – Diaphragm” to Study the basics of “Diaphragm Compressor”.
Project On “Monitoring Vehicular Pollution by using Embedded System for Monitoring, calculating and making people aware of pollution emitted by their vehicle Personal Details
Date of Birth : 25-12-1996
Marital Status : Single
Nationality : Indian
Contact this candidate