Professional Summary:
Java/J*EE Full Stack Developer with 6+ Years of experience on Enterprise applications, Distributed Application Development, Client/Server Applications, Servlets communication, Internet/Intranet based database applications and developing, testing and implementing application environment.
Strong in the complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including requirements definition, design, programming / testing and implementation of major systems.
Experience in J2EE Technologies (Servlets, JSP, JDBC, EJB, JNDI, and JMS) and participated in the designing and developing of Software using Agile and Waterfall methodologies.
Experience in User Experience (UX) design and development, User Interactive (UI) Web Pages and visually appealing User Interfaces using HTML 5, CSS3, Bootstrap, SASS, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular and React.
Experienced in developing and implementing web applications using Java, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, JSF, HTML5, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, JQuery, CSS3, XML, JDBC and JNDI.
Expertise in development and deployment of multi-tiered web based enterprise applications using J2EE technologies like Servlets 3.0/2.5, JSP 1.1/2.0, Struts 2.0, JMS, Hibernate 3.0/4.0, Spring 3.0/4.0, JDBC, JNDI, JSF, angular JS, Java Beans and Web services (SOAP, Rest).
Knowledge of J2EE design patterns like MVC, Front Controller, Factory, Abstract Factory, Command Pattern, Singleton, Session Facade, Transfer Object, Business Delegate and Data Access Object etc.
Expertise in MVC architecture Web Framework Struts 2.0, Spring 4.0 (Dependency Injection, Data Access Objects, MVC Framework and Spring Web Flow) and know how to use Spring Framework in business layer for Dependency Injection, AOP, Spring MVC, transaction management and used Hibernate as a persistence layer that use the POJOs to represent the persistence database.
Setting up Angular 7 framework for UI development. Developed html views with HTML 5, CSS, JQuery, JSON, and Java Script.
Good Exposure to Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) such as Web Services and hands on experience in developing and registering web services using JAX-RPC, JAX-WS, SAAJ, JAX-RS, SOAP, Restful, WSDL, UDDI registry.
Experience in configuring and deploying the web applications on Web Logic, Web Sphere and JBoss Application Servers including hands on experience in using Tomcat web Server.
Expertise in developing XML documents with XSD validations, SAX and DOM parsers to parse the data held in XML documents and experience in other XML related technologies like DTD, XSL, XSLT, XPATH, JAXB, and JAXP.
Develop the front-end components using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap 3, and Angular 7.
Expertise in using Java IDE tools of Rational Application Developer (RAD), Web Sphere Application Developer (WSAD), Eclipse EE 3.0/3.2, Web logic Workshop, RSA 7.0 and Net Beans to develop dynamic web applications.
Writing validation packages using PL/SQL package.
Required development experience and above, WebAPI, Angular 7, Bootstrap, CSS, HTML5, SQL Server 2016 (and above).
Expertise in Bootstrap, Angular JS and Node JS (Express, Mongoose, Body-Parser, Sequelize, HTTP, Filesystem, Browser Sync etc.) and used Log 4j for logging.
Hands-on experience working with source control tools such as CVS, Clear Case, SVN, Git and Surround SCM.
Created a RESTful Web API service using ASP.NET Web API to generate data for the EMS which was then consumed in the front-end by Angular 7.
Experienced in the deployment of the ear and jars using Jenkins, ANT, Maven deploy tools and performing other configuration changes for setting up the application in the integration testing environment.
Created and presented training materials for Groovy, Unit Testing, the Gradle build framework and others.
Work Experience with testing tools and applications such as JUnit, Mockito, Firebug, FirePoster, and SoapUI and performed Unit testing, integrated testing, and closely worked with QA team in preparation of Test plans.
Designed fronted web-based form using Angular 8/7/6/4/5/4/2 with Ajax controls CSS and HTML5.
Developed CI/CD system with Jenkins on Kubernetes container environment utilizing Kubernetes.
Proficient in RDBMS concepts like writing SQL Queries, Functions, Stored Procedures and PL/SQL Packages and have knowledge on NoSQL Databases MongoDB and CouchDB.
Expertise in using Oracle SQL Developer GUI (Graphical User Interface) tool for database development, browse database objects, implement and edit SQL as well PL/SQL statements.
Complete understanding of Agile/SCRUM with the ability to conduct SCRUM meetings, co-ordinate team activities in a strict-deadline driven environment and maintain excellent client communication.
Involved in PL/SQL code review and modification for the development of new requirements. Coded PL-SQL packages and procedures to perform data loading, error handling and logging
Good exposure in interacting with clients and solving application environment issues and can communicate effectively with people at different levels including stakeholders, internal teams and the senior management.

Technical Skills:

Programming Languages: Java, C, C++
J2EE Technologies: EJB, Servlets, JSP, JSTL, JDBC, JSF, RMI, JNDI, JMS
Web Technologies: HTML, DHTML, AngularJS, Angular 6/7/9 JQuery, XML, XSLT, CSS, JSON, JSON-DTD, AJAX, Bootstrap, NodeJS, ReactJS, IDE IBM RAD, RSA, Eclipse, NetBeans, JBuilder, IntelliJ
Application/Web Server: IBM WebSphere, Oracle WebLogic, JBOSS, Apache Tomcat and Glassfish
Databases: Oracle SQL, MySQL, DB2, Mongo DB
XML Technologies: XML, XSLT, XPATH, SAX, DOM, JDOM, AXIS, JAXB
Web Services: SOAP, REST, JAX-WS, JAX-RPC, JAX-RS
Frameworks: Spring, Hibernate, JSF, AngularJS, Bootstrap, Node.js, JUnit4, Maven, ANT, Log4J
Methodologies: RUP (Rational Unified Process), Agile, Waterfall, SCRUM, Rapid Application Development. Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, UNIX

Professional Summary:

Ally Financial Dallas, TX Feb 2020 – Till date
Full stack Java/j2ee Developer
Responsibilities:
Worked on High level and low level system design, planning, estimation and implementation
Developed presentation layer using JSP, HTML5, CSS3 and client validation using JavaScript.
Worked on some of the new features of Angular like new if else syntax, ng-templates, form validators.
Design and develop template based User Interface using Bootstrap and Angular 2.
Worked on server-side validations, handle actions, events and also Encapsulation by implementing React JS.
Handled all the client side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using JQuery.
Designed business logic using advance PL/SQL features such as collections, analytical function and objects, used cursors in PL/SQL stored procedures to process the matching the Agreements.
Developed the application using Java 1.8 and implemented its features like Lambdas Expressions, Time API, Streams, functional interfaces, collectors, default methods, type interfaces, for each.
Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Angular 7 and Node JS.
Designed and developed application using various Spring framework modules like Spring IOC, Developed Controller Classes using Spring MVC, Spring AOP, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Spring Data modules and handled security using Spring Security.
Used spring config server for centralized configuration and Splunk for centralized logging. Used Concourse and Jenkins for Microservices deployment
New library development with micro services architecture using Rest APIs, spring boot and pivotal cloud fundry
Developed PL/SQL code for Exporting the reports to different format like excel, pdf, csv, text files.
Experience with the features of Angular 2 such as directives, modules and routing. Used Angular 2 router to build single page application for navigate through the different status and multiple modals.
Developed user interface using JSP, AJAX, Java, Saas, big data, cloud, POC, RBDMS, JSP Tag libraries and Struts Tag Libraries to simplify the complexities of the application.
A robust understanding of front-end technologies, Object-Oriented JavaScript, AJAX, XHTML, HTML, XML/DOM, Node.js, Angular 7, React JS, JS-Based framework.
Worked on high level design / architecture, developed initial prototype demonstrating Google App Engine utilization and proof of concept which helped us in understand GAE and related technologies and how to use them efficiently.
Enhanced application performance by Angular 7 Component based development in view of future Angular framework transitions.
Developed RESTful web services to retrieve JSON documents related to customer and consumed SOAP based Web Services.
Development of Python API's for monitoring of data acquisition and automation of data quality check process.
Implemented Restful Services with JAX-RS using Spring Boot and Micro Service Architecture.
Responsible for maintaining and expanding AWS (Cloud Services) infrastructure using AWS Stack especially worked with database setup and maintenance and created AWS EC2 instances.
Designed services to store and retrieve user data using Mongo DB database and communicated with remote servers using REST enabled Web Services on Jersey framework.
Experience in Implementing API's in Java Multi-Threaded Environment
Developed integration modules for disparate clients using Apache Camel.
Used Spring JDBC API to talk MySQL Database for Read and Write operations.
Developed SOAP web services using JAX-WS API and REST web services using JAX-RS API.
Worked with NoSQL Cassandra to store, retrieve, and update and manage all the details for Ethernet provisioning and customer order tracking.
Wrote scripts in JMeter to test the performance of the API's
Performed Oracle Database migrations 8i, 10g to 11g Rel. 2. Incorporating new business requirements.
Worked on some of the new features of Angular 9 like new if else syntax, ng-templates, form validators
Websphere is used as an Application Server to Deploy the Application.
Experience in using JUnit and build tools such as MAVEN.
Collaborated with testers and developers and prepared test plans for producing high quality software applications
Worked on Log4j for logging errors, messages and performance logs
Environment: Java 1.8, J2EE, HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AngularJS, Angular6/7/8/9, NodeJS, Hibernate, Spring MVC, PL/SQL. Spring IOC, Spring boot, Microservices, spring security, XML, GIT, JSP, JUnit, Maven, IBM WebSphere, RxJS Apache, JAX-RS, Restful, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Micro Services, Log4J, Oracle, Mongo DB, WSD and Spring Tool Suite.

Vote Giant – Las Vegas, NV July 2018 – Jan 2020
Java/j2ee Developer
Description: Vote Giant is a mobile feedback tool that gets you answers quickly and used by small to medium business owners. Vote Giant is also used as Pick A winner. It is very easy to setup a survey in couple of minutes, publishes the survey to customers, customers can take survey, business owners will be seeing survey results online.

Responsibilities:
Design, Development and implementation of several J2EEframeworks like Model View Controller Struts1.1/1.2, Spring, Hibernate and EJB2.0.
Worked on the initial architecture of the data migration service.
Involved in developing the user interface screens for clients using Struts, JSP, JSTL, jquery libraries, HTML,XML and JavaScript
Implemented filtering, sorting and pagination using third party tools and Angular 7 framework
UI development using Html5, JS, CSS3.0, Ext.JS 4.1 and JSON.
Used HTTP Request to read data from web servers and process JSON data to render in the UI.
Worked with Angular 4 forms, modules, DOM, events, expressions, controllers, filters and Http Request.
Migrated data from the legacy system data center to new cloud environment.
Developed Spring Batch based batch loading service.
Worked on Oracle11g, Created DAO classes which get connection instances with SpringJDBC, Configuring JDBC connections.
Used XSLT to do transformation changes for new requirements on the consumer side of web service application
Implemented AJAX functionality using JQUERY, EXT-JS, JSON and XML.
Involved in designed and development of web interface using JSP, Servlets, JavaScript and JDBC for administering and managing users and clients.
Involved in importing and exporting the data from RDBMS to HDFS and vice versa using sqoop.
real-time indexing, dynamic clustering, database integration, NoSQL features and rich document handling.
Implemented REST Microservices using spring boot. Generated Metrics with method level granularity and Persistence using Spring AOP and Spring Actuator.
Converted a monolithic app to microservices architecture using Spring Boot using 12-factor app methodology. Deployed, Scaled, Configured, wrote manifest file for various Microservices in PCF.
Used AWS services like EC2, Lambda, VPC and Glue.
Used Postgres databases like Greenplum, AWS Aurora (Postgres) serverless and cache Gemfire.
Migrated data from Greenplum to Aurora Serverless.
Responsible for Lambda based serverless design for data migration.
Used python based serverless ETL data pipeline using AWS Glue as well as Lambda for loading and transform millions of records.
Developed SPA (single page application) project using Angular 2.0/4.0/5.0/7.0 and Typescript for frontend, Node JS and Postgres for backend
Designed and coded customized Angular 5 services to interact with the backend API and serve components.

Environment: Java 1.8, Restful web Services (JERSEY, Spring Boot), PCF, Spring Config server, Angular JS1.x, HTML, JSON, Log4j, Gradle, Git, Junit, Pivotal Tracker, Tomcat 7, Oracle 9i, DB2, Jenkins, Concourse, JQuery, AWS, Microservices, Postgre Database, Angular 2.0/4.0/5.0/7.0, Hibernate.

Amdocs Inc, Champaign, IL Sep 2016 to June 2018
Java/J2EE Developer
Description: Amdocs is leading telecom billing provider across the globe. Amdocs is the market-leader in customer experience software solutions and services for the world's largest communications, entertainment and media service providers. In this project Schedulers are used to initiate the Matching Logic process, to intimate the auditors via mail, about pending activities. The system generates different types of reports based on the matching logic. The process will determine whether the invoice is from a valid vendor, is a valid invoice, a duplicate invoice or for a disconnected connection.
Responsibilities:
Good experience in developing web Applications using Spring MVC framework implementing Controllers, spring Forms, Spring Validation Framework and Spring Tag Libraries.
Expertise in converting XSL to JSP'S and implemented Tiles configuration.
Experience working on Web Logic and Jetty servers to deploy and debug the application.
Implemented WASAPI technique to reduce the threat of software vulnerabilities with cross-site scripting, cross site request forgery, click Jacking.
Designed and developed Application based on JSF framework using MVC design patterns.
Involved in Implementation and Unit testing of the product
The application flow is designed and developed using JSF, spring framework and Tiles
Designed and developed the UI using Struts view component, JSP, HTML, CSS and JavaScript
JSP Content is configured in XML Files.
Implemented session beans using EJB 3.0.
Deployed the web components into the web Sphere application server.
Designed and developed various modules of the application with J2EE design architecture, Spring MVC architecture and Spring Bean Factory using IOC, AOP concepts.
Used JavaScript, jQuery for user interactions in pages. Creating a responsive web application integrating Twitter Bootstrap with Angular JS and media queries.
Designed Prototype and project layout skeletons using ReactJS, JQuery and CSS/LESS and HTML5.
Implemented features like logging, user session validation using Spring-AOP module
Developed server-side services using Java5.0, Spring 2.5, Web Services (SOAP, WSDL)
Wrote application front end with HTML, JSP, Ajax JQuery, Spring Web Flow, XHTML, DHTML and CSS
Hibernate is used as persistent at middle tire for providing object model over relational data model
Code Reviews, customization and maintenance of code across applications
Hands-on experience with control tools like CVS, SVN, VSS (Visual SourceSafe) and data modeling.
Using CVS version control tools to manage source repository
Creating environment for user-acceptance testing and facilitating Integration and User Acceptance Testing with JUNIT
Invoked Webservices to generate Java classes from XML schema.
Exposed and consumed SOAP based Web Services to communicate between systems.
Good experience in developing the multi-threaded applications
Responsible for release of code into production and its integration with other Applications
Identifying and developing test cases and test scripts to perform load tests for Performance and regression testing
Developed build Scripts using Maven to build and deploy the application
Used Wireshark to know the communication between local and remote machine. Captured local TCP protocols to know the number of round trips, in order to improve the performance.
Used various jQuery and Bootstrap plug-in like date picker, Bootstrap selectors.
Worked on performance center environment to run the scripts and to collect the load runner results, also involved in monitoring the CPU utilization and memory utilization by load generators and validating performance tuning results.
Used HP Load Runner, to modify the load runner results, and to analyze the graphs generated.
Used Putty, to check the server instances and log files.
Wrote ANT scripts to automatically save files from remote to local machine.
Worked on MySQL statement caching and database connectors
Environment: Java, J2EE, JDK 1.7/1.8, RCP, JBOSS, AWS SDK, Ext JS, Git, Swing, Spring 4.x, AWS SNS/SQS, Hibernate4.x, Core Java, SOAP/Rest, Web Services, JavaScript, UML, Web Services, HTML5, CSS, SASS, RAD 7, WAS 8 WSDL, SDK's, JIRA 5.x/6.x, JAXB, Linux, JAX-WS, JAX RPC, JMS, JSF, UNIX, NOSQL (MongoDB), Angular JS, NodeJs, ReactJS, AJAX, Apache JMeter, JQuery, JUnit, Maven, Oracle 10g.

Electrolux, Charlotte, NC Nov 2014 – Aug 2016
FullStack Java Developer
Description: Developed web-based Product Registration Portal where the owners can register their purchased Electrolux product online for extended customer support and warranty.

Responsibilities:
Involved in Design, Development and Support phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Analyzed and fixed issues related to REST Web services and Application responses.
Implemented Hibernate for data persistence and management.
Designed and implemented the user interface using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and Angular JS.
Involved with bug fixing on functionality, performance and designing issues with JavaScript, JQuery, HTML5, CSS3 and Angular JS.
Built MAVEN scripts for automated deployment and for the build operation of the entire application.
Used AGILE methodology and participated in SCRUM meetings.
Developed Controller for request, response paradigm by Spring Controllers using Spring-MVC. Used JSON as response type in REST services.
Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.
Developed a tool to retrieve and send data to third party service provider this feature was implemented using REST
Created Buckets in AWS and stored files. Enabled Versioning and security for files stored
Used RESTFUL client to interact with the services by providing the RESTFUL URL mapping
Deployed the application in WebSphereApplicationServer 6.0.1 and Configured JMS in the WebSphere application server to send messages on the queue.
Spring Controllers were used with AngularJS to route the control to desired Java services.
Implemented scripting with Ajax and XML to dynamically refresh the page contents.
Developed Hibernate mapping files using different mapping strategies such as table per class hierarchy and also used Hibernate Persistence Strategy to interact with database.
Developed core Java programs for all business rules and workflows using spring framework.
Designed and developed Restful service interface using Spring MVC to the underlying customer event API. Involved in building Restful Web services using JAX-RSAPI.
Worked on Cloud implementation by installing, building and deploying applications using Cloud Foundry and using AWS.
AWS EC2 instances were configured in developing and QA environments with NodeJS
Created custom Plugins, templates, and functions for Angular JS application.
Used Maven as the build tool and Tortoise SVN as the Source version controller.
Used Subversion (SVN) as the configuration management tool to manage the code repository.
Performed unit testing using JUnit.
Followed Agile Scrum methodology and used TDD for writing test cases.
Involved in developing stored procedures and Triggers on Oracle11g
Used NPM to manager server side packages.

Environment: Java 1.7, J2EE, Spring Framework 4.0, Hibernate, AJAX, Oracle 11g, Web Services, AWS, Agile, REST, XML, SOA, WebSphere, JavaScript, Angular JS, NodeJS, Bootstrap, JQuery, JBOSS, JUnit, Grunt, GITHub, SQL, JMS, HTML5, JSP, CVS, CSS, MVC, Maven and SVN.

.

Education

Master’s of Computer Application Aug ’04 - Apr ‘07
Ponnaiyah Ramajayam College, Bharathidasan University,
Tamil Nadu, India

Bachelor’s of Computer Application Aug ’01 - Apr ‘04
Ponnaiyah Ramajayam College, Bharathidasan University,
Contact this candidate