PRIYANKA RAVINDRAN
Sr. Java, Full Stack Developer
Reachable at / 732-***-**** /

Summary of Qualifications:

Result-driven IT Professional with referable & strong experience in all the phases of SDLC including Analysis, Design, Programming, Building, Testing, Debugging and Maintenance.
Thorough knowledge on Extreme Programming using Agile, Waterfall methodology with iterative and incremental software development.
Expert in designing both Front end & Backend applications using Java, J2EE Web frameworks, JSP, JSTL, HTML, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript, jQuery and Bootstrap.
Highly skilled in various Java/J2EE technologies including Core Java, J2EE, Servlets, JSP, JDBC and Hibernate.
Excellent knowledge of NoSQL, SQL Queries using Hibernate framework with Spring ORM in interaction with the Relational Database Management System (RDBMS).
Strong experience in using Spring Framework (Spring Core, Spring Model View Control, Spring IOC, Spring ORM, Spring Web flow, Spring Data Access Object)
Hands-on experience in developing user interfaces using Java Script, HTML4, HTML5, Ajax, CSS2, CSS3, jQuery.
Experience in developing applications using web/application servers like WebLogic, WebSphere, JBoss & Tomcat. Data Transformations using Mule ESB.
Hands-on experience in developing SQL queries and implementing them in various Relational Databases like SQL Server 2008, MySQL and Oracle 10g/11i.
Experience in writing SQL queries and PL/SQL Programming (Stored Procedures, Cursors and Triggers)
Strong experience with Version Control like GitHub, Bit bucket, SharePoint
Proficient in Object Oriented Programming, software configuration and maintenance.
Solid testing experience in unit testing, integration testing and automation testing.
QA experience in all phases of life cycle, including requirements gathering, risk analysis, project planning, scheduling, testing, defect tracking, management, and reporting.
Versatile team player with excellent analytical, inter-personnel and presentation skill with ability to quickly adapt to new technologies & project environments.

Technical competencies:

Methodologies: Waterfall, Agile methodology
Languages: Java, J2EE, C, C++
Web Technologies: HTML, JavaScript, CSS, JSON, AJAX, XML, ESAPI, jQuery
J2EE Technologies: Servlets, JSP, EJB, JMS, JNDI, Web Services, JDBC, SOAP, Mule
ORM technology: Hibernate
App/Web Servers: Apache Tomcat 5.x, IBM WebSphere 7.x, OC4J, Docker
Frameworks: Jakarta Struts, spring, IBM JADE, Log4J, SLF4J
Web Services: SOAP, REST, WADL, XML, JSON
Source Control Tools: Win CVS, Serena Dimension, SVN
Testing Tools: HP Load Runner, SOAP UI
Other Tools: Putty, Rapid SQL, IBM DB2 client, CISM, JIRA, SQL Developer
IDE’s: IBM WSAD 7.5, Eclipse, Dreamweaver, IntelliJ, Borland Together Architect
Databases: Oracle, MS SQL Server, My SQL and IBM DB2
Operating Systems: Windows, UNIX, Linux

Professional Experience:

Client: Anthem - Virginia Beach, VA July 2018 - Present
Role: Full Stack Java Developer / Technical Analyst

Roles & Responsibilities:
Effectively involved in the complete life cycle of the project from the requirements to the production support.
Involved in design discussions and understanding of business requirements and identify the relevant functional and technical requirements.
Used Adobe Dreamweaver and WireFrame.CC from design to implementation
Used JAX-RS (REST) for producing web services and involved in writing programs to consume the web services using SOA with CXF framework
Used JSP’s HTML on frontend, Servlets as Front Controllers and JavaScript for client-side validations.
Created controller Servlets for handling HTTP requests from JSP pages.
Configured bamboo automating the builds into Gradle archival repository.
Implemented the business logic using various Design patterns.
Developed the entire application web-based client implementing MVC Architecture using spring framework.
Development of several Python APIs and harassers that works both in Linux and windows and maintaining them using the revision control SVN
Implemented Object-relation mapping in the persistence layer using Hibernate frame work in conjunction with spring functionality.
Implemented Kafka Security Features using SSL and without Kerberos. Further with more grain-fines Security I set up Kerberos to have users and groups this will enable more advanced security features.
Development in Servlets, JSP, Spring, JSF, SOAP and REST web services, Hibernate, iBatis, MyBatis, Struts 2.2.
Worked with NPM commands and using package.
Used JSon for managing dependencies and dev-dependencies of Node.JS applications.
Develop, participate and documented standard operating procedures, best practices and technical documentation in a shared repository
Used SQL, HQL Queries in Java code to do select/update/delete depending upon the business requirement.
Created ANT archetypes for generating fully functional RESTful web services supporting both XML and JSON message transformation.
Created automated pipelines in AWS Code Pipeline to deploy Docker containers in AWS ECS using services like CloudFormation, Code Build, Code Deploy, S3 and puppet.
Also used Stored procedures for connecting to the database using Spring JDBC.
Involved in the Pair Programming with the Other Person in the Agile Methodology and TDD.
Worked on frontend UI design implementations by writing HTML5/HTML, CSS3/CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery UI to make better Single Page Application SPA working on Node.JS Server.
Extensively worked on XML Altova Map Force for the transformations of xml to XSLT.
Used XPATH to navigate through Attributes and Elements in an XML Document.
Used JAXB to marshal and un-marshal the xml-java object, java objects-xml
Developed an overall IoT and Mobile ecosystem engagement strategy
Designed UI and workflows with master pages, CSS, JavaScript, SharePoint designer.
Develop and maintained IAM artifacts (strategy, decisions, solution design, etc.)
Used Advanced Rest Client plug-in to run the rest API’s on localhost Tomcat Server for Unit testing
Used Gradle as a build tool automating the building, testing, publishing and deployment loading all the dependencies from the nexus artifact repository.
Configured TFS SharePoint Services and Reporting Services, created Project portals for all existing Team Projects.
Extensively worked on HTML5, CSS3, JSON, JavaScript, React.JS and ES6 for developing user interface.
Created forms to collect and validate data from the user in HTML5 and React.JS.
Used multithreaded environment to run the processes asynchronously using different future calls to access the data.
Implemented Maven builds for creating JAR'S, WAR'S and EAR'S
Worked on UNIX commands, used to see the log files on the production server.
Developed several shell Scripts to automate file transfers.
Involved in developing Unit Test cases and testing the Application using REST.
Used Mockito for mock creation, verification and stubbing.
Used Log4j to capture the log that includes runtime exception and for logging info and are helpful in debugging the issues.
Deployed the complete Web and enterprise applications in WebSphere Server.
Support the definition of AEM development standards and frameworks, software architecture, design principles and ways of working.
Environment J2EE, REST, Spring, CXF, IAM, IOT, Hibernate, Angular 2, Ajax, jQuery, JSP, XSD, XML Bean, WebSphere, Eclipse, DB2, FileNet, JUnit, Log4J, Unix, GIT, Gradle, Altova map Force 2014, REST, Log Expert, Spring Framework security using LDAP, Oracle ADF Business components, ADF faces, TSF

Client: I Solvers India Pvt. Ltd - Hyderabad, India Oct 2015 - June 2018
Role: Full Stack Java Developer

Roles & Responsibilities:
Involved in SDLC Requirements gathering, Analysis, Design, Development and testing of application using AGILE methodology (SCRUM) and Design Driven Development.
Worked on Maven for build, Jenkins continuous integration.
Developed Web services to allow communication between applications through REST over HTTP using Metro.
Used IntelliJ, Eclipse for designing, coding and developing applications
Design & implementation of web applications in Java and HTML5/JavaScript using Eclipse, Swing, JPA frameworks and GIT maven source code environments.
Designed and implemented application using JSP, Spring MVC, JNDI, Spring IOC.
Configured Maven dependencies for application building processes
Used Angular 5 directives to extend HTML to create the foundation for rich and complex web application.
Implemented Junit test cases in Curam framework.
Implemented jQuery validation plug-in, modified jQuery validation plug-in to support custom validation, jQuery modal box, jQuery date picker, jQuery tooltip.
Used jQuery event handling in UI pages to display list boxes and to handle validations.
Implemented Spring Validators, persistence layer, and service layer components using Spring/Hibernate API and Spring/Hibernate annotations. Extensively used Hibernate QL.
Designed RESTful web services with JSON representation for handling AJAX requests Used Advanced Rest Client plug-in to run the rest API’s on localhost Tomcat Server for Unit testing
Implemented PL/SQL queries and used oracle stored procedures.
Developed client request validations and processing using JavaScript.
New library development with micro services architecture using Rest APIs, spring boot and pivotal cloud foundry.
Implemented all the functionality using Spring IO / Spring Boot, Thyme leaf and Hibernate ORM.
Implemented Java EE components using Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring transactions and Spring security modules
Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame and division using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
Developed various operational Drill-through and Drill-down reports using SSRS
Developed New library with Micro Services architecture using Rest APIs, spring boot and pivotal cloud foundry.
Migrating existing application into micro services architecture using Rest APIs, Spring Boot.
Coding of the business layers in Curam framework.
Wrote Operations and corresponding handlers to communicate with Oracle 12c database sitting on Linux server
Involved in upgrading production Linux and Solaris, development QA servers
Used Log4j to capture the log that includes runtime exception and for logging info and are helpful in debugging the issues.
Involved in multiple high priority releases with aggressive deadlines.
Environment: J2EE, JMS, Spring MVC, IAM, Hibernate, Rest Web services, Metro, WebSphere Application Server, AngularJS Agile, SCRUM Methodology, JMeter, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSP, Servlet, CVS, XML, UML, Unix Shell Scripting, Oracle10g, Log4j

Client: Jeevan IT Solutions - Chennai, India Aug 2014 - Sep 2015
Role: Java Developer

Roles & Responsibilities:
Understanding user requirements, participating in design discussions, implementing feasibility analysis both at the frontend and backend level and documenting requirements.
Used RUP and Rational Rose, developed Use Cases, created Class, Sequence and UML diagrams.
Application Modeling, developing Class diagrams, Sequence Diagrams, Architecture / Deployment diagrams using IBM Rational Software Modeler and publishing them to a web perspective with Java Doc
Participated in Design Review sessions for development / implementation discussions.
Designed & coded Presentation (GUI) JSP's with Struts tag libraries for Creating Product Service Components (Health Care Codes) using RAD.
Extensively worked on frontend, business, and persistence tiers using the struts frameworks.
Designed and developed Service layer using Struts framework.
Wrote and debugged the ANT Scripts for building the entire web application
Developing Test Cases and unit testing using JUnit
Worked on Java multithreading to cascade multiple changes on multiple records in only one transaction.
Developed a batch process framework Used WSDL and SOAP protocol for Web Services implementation.
Coded Action classes, Java Beans, Service layers, Business delegates, to implement business logic with latest features of JDK1.5 such as Annotations and Generics.
Extensively used jQuery, AJAX and JavaScript for front-end validations, and JavaScript based component development using Swing Component Framework with cross browser support.
Appropriate use of Session handling, data Scope levels within the application.
Extensively used Web Socket to connect client and server.
Designed & developed DAO layer with Hibernate3.0 standards, to access data from IBM DB2 database through JPA (Java Persistence API) layer creating Object-Relational Mappings and writing PL/SQL procedures and functions
Integrating Spring injections for DAOs to achieve Inversion of Control, updating Spring Configurations for managing Java objects using callbacks
Prepared and executed JUNIT test cases to test the application service layer operations before DAO integration
Automated the build and deployment process using ANT build script
Creating test environments with WAS for local testing using test profile. And interacting with Software Quality Assurance (SQA) end to report and fix defects using Rational Clear Quest.
Creating views and updating code to IBM Rational Clear case for Source code control.
Solving QA defects, scheduling fixes, providing support to production application.
Environment: Java: JDK, JSP, JSP Custom Tag libraries, JavaScript, EXT JS, AJAX, XSLT, XML, DOM4J, EJB, DHTML, Web Services, SOA, WSDL, SOAP, JAXB, IBM RAD, IBM WebSphere Application server, IBM DB2, UNIX, UML, IBM Rational Clear case, JMS, Strut Framework, Hibernate, PL/SQL, JUNIT, log4j, ANT

Education:

Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology (Graduated in 2014)
Anna University Name - TN, India

References: Provided upon request…
Contact this candidate