Sandeep Kannaiah
Full Stack Engineer
Profile
*. Over 8+ Years of experience in Object Oriented Programming <C, C++, Java> and Domain experience in Auto Insurance. 2. AWS Cloud Expert with Devops knowledge and a AWS Certified Solution Architect
3. Attained Mean Stack Developer Certification over the Node and Angular JS with NoSQL<MongoDB> database connectivity. 4. Expertise in Agile and SAFe agile methodologies of work culture being Certi ed as SAFe Scrum Master
5. Expertise in developing the SOAP Web Services (JAX-WS) and REST web services.
6. Experience in Designing, developing and unit testing the Single page reactive and Progressive apps, Enterprise web applications. 7. Worked on both Synchronous(Online) and Asynchronous(Batch) applications.
8. Working knowledge in all level of DevOp's Life Cycle. 9. Good Exposure on Authentication and Gateway routing mechanisms.
10. Have very good experience working in onsite/o shore delivery model
11. Good knowledge in RDBMS concepts and experience in My SQL and DB2.
12. Achieved the Work excellence by bagging the best Increment Performer from the Clients General Manager in addition to Star Performer Award and Creative Idea Award for Idea Generation for new business
13. Expertise in di erent Integrated Development Environment like RSA, Eclipse and Intellij
14. Knowledge on specialized tools such as Splunk, IBM Tea Leaf Viewer and Soap UI, ARC, Git, Maven, OCP, Kibana
Employment History
Full Stack Developer at Tata Consultancy Services Limited, San Antonio, Texas
February 2019 — Present
During this time period was implementing the projects under the system mordernisation from Legacy application to latest Tech Stack thus retaining the functionality. One such product was to migrate an complex Excel Macro to a Singe Page React Application. I have also worked on the Angular App to automate the Table Changes. And have attained the Full Stack Developer Certificate from Parent Organisation Skills Applied :
1. Designed an UDB database and applied Distributed Cache management Mechanism for the application integrity. Details
San Antonio, Texas
United States
210-***-****
adl270@r.postjobfree.com
Date of birth
1989/06/06
Nationality
Indian
Links
LinkedIn
Personal Angular Website
Skills
Java, J2EE
AWS Webservices
Webservices
Git, Gitlab, Maven, OCP
SQL and Mongo DB
C++
JCL, EZTreive, Cobol,
Mainframe, CICS
Splunk, Tealeaf, Glassbox
Angular Js
React Js
Node Js
SAFe Scrum Master
Languages
English
2. Utilised AWS API's for Computation and Storage services 3. Developed the Single Page React Application that is capable of handling the form post
4. Developed an Rest API that utilizes the Multipart Form Data Operations and Open source Apache POI libraries to decode the input stream and formatted on to structured Data
5. Enabled the Cross Origin application Integration through the gateway and between the UCD and openshift applications. 6. Worked on the End to end design and implementation of the application.
7. Enabled the Pipeline Integration and 100% code coverage with the CI/CD tools.
Backend API Developer at Tata Consultancy Services Limited, San Antonio, Texas
January 2018 — January 2019
During this Project we were in involved the creating a new automatic servicing Transaction Using RESTful webservices and B2B communication that included authorisation to expose the services to the Third Party Vendors and thus helping in increasing the member base for the company.
Responsibilities :
1. Involved in Requirements gathering and generation by understanding the business feature in the old application and with contextual representation of the requirements using the Used Case Diagram, Contextual Diagrams.
2. Lead in Designing and Implementing the RESTful webservices by following the SOA model by preparing the HLD and LLD's for the applicable design patterns.
3. Dynamically use the collected data and transform the data into application understandable format in-order to derive the packages that is used by the Vendor in the B2B communication 4. Participated in the various Vendor Onboarding, Routing, Gateway and Pro ling policies to enable vendor in using the RestWs that is exposed
Skills Applied :
1. JSON based Restful B2B connection also involving the deserialization of the JSON object to bean objects using the Java Bean Validation.
2. Rest to DB2 connection using the JPA constructors. 3. O-Auth con guration of the Rest Ws and securing the RPC using the Service Account and Gateway Proof generation.
4. Junit and Mockito for the internal java test validations. And integrating the Junits with the Build to debug the integration failure.
5. Enhanced the Logging for Rest Ws using the dynamic return codes and Explicit Exception handling.
6. Created a New WebSphere Application Server and migrated the EAR on to the server. Applying dynamic server libraries to provide runtime support.
Computer Programmer at Tata Consultancy Services Limited, San Antonio, Texas
March 2016 — December 2017
The Project was aimed at Migrating an Application that had varied experiences in di erent channel to an Application with Uni ed/Uniform Experience across the various channels. The Migration involved developing a new application framework both at the presentation and business layer. The Migration effort did not only depend upon the new technology stack but also a introduced a new architecture approach to enhance the application. The implementation helped in easier maintenance for the application across the channels and reduction in cost of developing a feature and migrating it to Prod. Skills Applied :
1. Designed and Applied changes to Soap webservice(JAX-WS) controlled Frameworks for enhancing the uni ed channel experience.
2. Object Oriented Programming Model (Java 7 and C++) to retrieve the User provided data and operate on it. This involved the persistence of data onto the relation databases using PL/SQL and java persistence.
3. Enhance the Member experience by understanding application aws using tools such as Tealeaf, Glassbox and providing an enhanced application improvement options.
4. Creating Dashboard in Splunk to Monitor the Error traces in websphere application servers. Creating optimal solutions to the Enterprise web applications and Publishing them on to the WAS and JBOSS servers.
5. Piloting Test only applications to reduce the redundancy in work. 6. Creating and publishing the Batch Jobs(Cobol, JCL and EZT) to perform the asynchronous targets.
7. Validating the User selections and creating response actions based on the users selections in Front end using the Front end Technologies(Html and Js)
Technical Lead at Tata Consultancy Services Limited, Chennai, India
October 2011 — February 2016
During this tenure have worked on multiple system Enhancement projects such Creating a New rating Variable to derive discounts for member, A state Regulatory Project on ID cards issued to Members, Generating the Documents for Motor Vehicle Report Collection for MA and Introduction of new coverages for Auto Insurance application Skills Applied :
1. During this tenure I have gained experience working in Cobol modules to generate the policy documents to the system. 2 . Have understood the State regulations and designed and implemented the changes within the deadline.
3 . Gained experience in the batch processing through JCLs and learned the batch processing Errors.
4 . Have been able to differentiate the execution for Batch and CICS cycles.
5 . Created interfaces for Webservices to enhance the method of communication using the Soap UI request response structures. 6 . Have worked on integration of webservices with Host and UI layers. 7 . Have been able to lead a team of freshers and able to guide them through their huddles.
8 . Handled the activities of easier development procedures at offshore by creating Coding Standard process and delivering process to minimize the time to market the deliverables.
9 . Improvised the Skill to Estimate the Amount of work and cost involved in the development by differentiating the work involved at each layer in the architecture.
Education
Bachelor of Engineering(Electronics and Communication Engineering), Anna University, Chennai, India
September 2007 — May 2011
Graduated with an aggregate of 7.8 majoring in Electronics and Communication Engineering. Have served as President of Student Body Council.
Worked on a project that converts Speech to Text based on Lip Movement.
Courses
Solution Architect Associate, AWS
October 2020 — October 2023
Node Js, Simplilearn and TCS
November 2019 — December 2019
Angular JS, Simplilearn & TCS
October 2019 — November 2019
Scrum Master, SAFe
March 2018 — May 2018
INS21, AICPCU
October 2012 — February 2013
DB2 730, Oracle
June 2012 — October 2012
Contact this candidate