Léo Malfray
Lead full stack JavaScript developper
Possesses a track record of developing industry-leading e-commerce websites with multi-million dollar revenue. Dynamic and detail-oriented Web Developer with a knack for conceptualizing and delivering elegant, user-friendly solutions effectively and efficiently. Recent professional experience
https://otypo.com :
Lead developper at Nakweb since 2017 https://nakweb.agenc y
•
Design the architecture and lead a team to create a highly scalable and reusable backend and backoffice for present and future ecommerce websites of Nakweb. TypeScript, NestJS, Vuetif y Conceptualized and implemented a frontend editor allowing easy, intuitive customization of products by non-tech clients. Vue.js, NuxtJ S
Over 100 orders a day soon after launch
Founder of Range Manager since 2016 https://range-manager.com Mixed my past career of online poker player to my developer skills, passion for UI/UX and entrepreneurial motivation to create a desktop software used by professional players and coach over the world. Google cloud solution Firebase, NW.js, Electron And many more projects that I will be happy to talk about with you, contact me at adlmaa@r.postjobfree.com
• https://plaquerapide.fr :
• And also lobody.fr imprimerie-grenoble.fr remerciementdeces.fr and more Developed what became the French leader of engraved plaques and the backoffice that allows production, shipping and customer care of hundreds of customized pieces a day. Vue.js, Node.j s Over 5000 orders a month, 4.8 google reviews
Key skills
Software architecture desig n
Software/Web development & maintenanc e
Backend and REST API developmen t
3rd party API integration
•
•
•
•
Requirement gatherin g
Speed & SEO optimization, A/B testtin g
Growth and scale strategie s
Remote work experience
•
•
•
•
Technical skills
Vue.js, NuxtJS, vue-router, vuex, Vuetify.. .
HTML5 / CSS3 / SCS S
Node.js, express, passport.. .
TypeScript, NestJS.. .
Google Firebase, cloud functions, database,
storage, hosting...
5+ years of Front end:
5+ years of Backend :
Cloud computing :
And more: PHP, Wordpress, JQuery, React, Liquid, Netlify, Linux, Nginx and many javascript librairies
(both front and back end)
Unit and integration testing, functionnal
programming, immutability and other best
practice s
MySQL, MongoDB, Firestore, typeOR M
Git, ESLint, Storybook, Asana, Figma...
Methodology :
Databases :
Tools :
Chiang Mai, Thailand French Married adlmaa@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate