Lee Roque Budaden
adlnz1@r.postjobfree.com 091*-***-****
December 14, 1991
Purok 1, Bulanao, Tabuk City, Kalinga, Philippines

Emerson Electric Co (2014 Feb 04 – 2020 Dec 04)

Developer 1, Database

TASKS
Develops, designs and modifies intranet web pages, system tools and applications, especially data visualization web pages and automated charts through the use of programming methodologies, and tools including but not limited to ASP.Net Framework & Core, C# programming, jquery, javascript, typescript, angularjs.
Develops, designs and modifies SQL Server databases and database objects and Stored Procedures, SSIS, SSRS, and other ETL related processes
Develops, designs and modifies applications to consolidate different data sources such as oracle, excel, json, xml into one database source using different parsing API’s
Develops, designs and modifies reports based on the business needs
Uses different API’s to meet Project objectives
Leads project programming architecture, timeline and schedule
Maintains Web Applications and SharePoint sites
Contributor in the analysis of business system requirements
Publishes reports like dashboards and key metrics' including but not limited to Sales and Bookings, Market Segments, Overdue and Backlog, WIP Released to Production
Generates scheduled reports and other customer related reports (Sales, Bookings, Backlog, Quotes, Unit Related Data, Manufacturing reports) as requested
Adheres to and applies different reporting and analysis methodologies required by the business, including but not limited to SQL Server Reporting Services, Toad, Power BI, Tableau
Uses Scrum Agile Methodology and applies Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) to various projects

PROJECTS

1.Finance Automation November 2019 – Dec 2020
Is an online Invoicing process used by Singapore Finance Department to manage transaction requests.
The process consist of users with different roles, one role is to submit invoice requests and some are approvers of the requests. Has a auto-file-upload so users don’t need to bother uploading the files related to the invoice. Also has different reporting pages to display the numbers and statuses of the invoices.
The tool is developed in C# .Net Core with Web Technologies like CSS3, HTML5, TypeScript, bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS using MS Visual Studio and MS SQL using MS Management Studio

2.Electronic Discount Online Approval (eDOA) November 2019 – Dec 2020
Is a global online approval of customer’s discount requests for Rosemount products quotations.
The tool has a complex formula, calculation and conversions of different currencies around Asia Pacific and Europe. Includes multiple users with different accesses, views and roles assign to multiple levels of approval. Has auto email sending feature to notify users, an administration panel for maintenance and updates, a stored procedure to update the data every 10 minutes, an error handler for error tracking and better management of issues and saves transactions for reports and historical data.
The tool is developed in C# .Net Framework with Web Technologies like CSS3, HTML5, bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS using MS Visual Studio and MS SQL using MS Management Studio

3.Additive Manufacturing August 2018 – December 2019
Develop a SharePoint site for Additive Manufacturing that is available to all Emerson BUs. The site is to be easily visible to all employees so they can learn about the options available for 3D printing at Emerson and present project ideas that would benefit their BUs and the Company as a whole.
The tool was built in SharePoint with CSS3, HTML, JavaScript using any Text Editors like Notepad++ and Visual Studio Light

4.Automation of Ship Dollar Release August 2018 – October 2019
Automated the manually generated report.
The project is to have the report publish on time, decrease processing time, eliminate user error (it is currently manually generated), eliminate sending of emails to stakeholders.
The project used SSIS and Power BI to manipulate and present the data respectively.
The tool was developed using the tool MS Visual Studio and Reporting tool Power BI

5.Automation of Scheduled Reports August 2018 – October 2019
Automated the manually generated report.
The project is to have the report publish on time, decrease processing time, eliminate user error (it is currently manually generated), eliminate sending of emails to stakeholders.
The project used SSIS and Power BI to manipulate and present the data respectively.
The tool was developed using the tool MS Visual Studio and Reporting tool Power BI

6.Automation of Excel Reports August 2018 – October 2019
Build an SSIS program that automates the process of sending excel reports, retrieves data from Oracle and send it to the distribution list through email. Also, records data to SQL database for historical purposes
The tool was developed in an SSIS format using MS Visual Studio Integration Services

7.IBIS SharePoint January 2018 – April 2018
Create SharePoint site for Integrated Business Information Systems (a group of employees) as a warehouse and network for all IBIS documents, projects and files.
The tool was developed in Microsoft SharePoint with Web Technologies like CSS3, HTML5 and JavaScript using Notepad++

8.IRIS Dynamic Organizational Chart December 20, 2016 – March 30, 2017
Developed a web application feature for IRIS, a One Organizational Chart for Automation Solutions Manila, responsive, flexible and easy to update.
The tool was developed in Web Technologies like CSS3, HTML5 and JavaScript using MS Visual Studio and MS SQL using MS Management Studio

9.DP Level Lower Housing Description Parsing Tool June 2016 - November 2016
Developed a web application tool for the PCS Team to improve their turnaround time parsing descriptions of model strings (especially 1199) requested from their client.
The tool was developed in C# .Net MVC5 with Web Technologies like CSS3, HTML5, bootstrap and jQuery using MS Visual Studio and MS SQL using MS Management Studio

10.RCC Web Revamp November 25, 2015 – November 25, 2016
RCC Web is an Intranet Website used by Rosemount to present informative presentations about their status and updates and to give customers what they need to know.
This project is to give a fresh new look to come on trend with the modern-looking websites. New features and content to meet the user needs and expectations and to align it to the current need of the organization. An interactive design to have a meaningful communication of media through collaborative processes between people and technology.
The tool was developed in C# .Net MVC5 with Web Technologies like CSS3, HTML5, bootstrap and jQuery using MS Visual Studio and MS SQL using MS Management Studio

11.Quality Reporting Tool, June 22, 2015 – October 2, 2015
The tool is a Web based project used to facilitate the data storage, reporting and manipulation for quality and productivity of the GST team in Manila.
I was part in developing the tool particularly I was assign on the Web UI design for QRT Turnaround Time (TAT) and was also involved in developing the necessary stored procedures in the database.
The tool was developed in .Net C# Forms with Web Technologies like CSS3, HTML5, bootstrap and jQuery using MS Visual Studio and MS SQL using MS Management Studio

12.Utilization Tracker
Developed a tracker tool in SharePoint for the CRM and GRC team to track down their tasks and analyze their performance with graphical presentations.

Other Projects
I was also involved in maintenance of some tools used by Rosemount like SLRC: Major Cause Categories and ADI: Service Level Reports which I made minor changes in the solution and the databases of the tools.

EMERSON TRAININGS
Writing Professional Business Email
Basic Excel Training
Moments of Truth (Work Ethics Training)
Improving Personal Productivity
Personal Empowerment
Practical Problem Solving and Action
Project Management
Data Storytelling for Business
Speech Enhancement
The Expectations on a Team Leader
Professional Business Communication
Embracing Change to be Successful
Pofessional Image Development
Tips on Interview
Presentation Skills
Unconscious Bias
Performance Management
Leading At Emerson

SKILLS

Skill
Level (10 being highest)
Agile Methodology
10
Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
10
C#
10
.Net Framework
10
.Net Core
10
Microsoft SQL
10
Oracle SQL
10
ETL (SSIS, SSRS)
10
Power BI
09
Basic Front-End Technologies (HTML, CSS, bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery)
10
Advance Front-End Technologies (Ajax, AngularJS, TypeScript)
09
Photo Editing (Photoshop)
10
Video Editing
10

EDUCATION
Tertiary
oSaint Louis University, Baguio City
oBachelor of Science in Information Technology
oSY 2008-2013
Secondary
oSaint Tonis College, Tabuk City
oSY 2004-2008
Primary
oBulanao Central School, Tabuk City
oSY 1998-2004
Contact this candidate