J A Y K I M
S O F T W A R E D E V E L O P E R
714-***-****
adm4xh@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/jbkim3510
FRONT END ReactJS JavaScript (ES6) HTML5 CSS3 jQuery AJAX Material-UI Bootstrap4 BACK END .NET Core C# ADO.NET SQL Server RESTful API AWS OTHER TECHS Agile/Scrum Git GitBash Postman Chrome Developer Tools NPM SKILLS
EXPERIENCE
Built product image management program to handle more than 50,000 product images per season. Hosted presentation twice a year in front of 120 sales Rep. to review the image management program. Analyzed inventories using SQL Server and Excel to increase company's gross profit by $30,000 per year by providing the most efficient way to handle the inventories to sale's Reps. Colosseum Athletics Compton, CA
IT manager assistant July 2017 – March 2020
Colosseum Athletics is licensed to sell collegiate apparel to retailers pre-approved by its licensed universities. Tools used: Microsoft Excel, SQL Server
Created responsive front-end components including RESTful micro-services based components using JavaScript framework on the ReactJS to transfer mass data from the back-end via SQL Server and Microsoft .NET Core technologies.
Used fundamental concepts of HTML5, CSS3, and ReactJS to build clean user friendly web page on the front-end. Built shareable components in ReactJS designed to be adaptable across multiple components in the application. Utilized front-end validation, mid-tier model binding, and database procedure for security of data application. Implemented security solutions for authentication and authorization of 2000 users data in Microsoft .NET Core with hashed passwords.
Constructed SQL tables, stored procedures, Microsoft .NET Core models, services, and controllers to create APIs to implement logic throughout the application.
Enhanced the database schema to engineer optimization in mass data storability and accessibility by keeping users data in reference tables and joining them when needed for certain extractions. Communicated day-to-day progress with onsite managers and development team through Trello boards and Git for peer code reviews, stand-ups, product demos, and sprints by using Agile/Scrum methodology. Welrus, Inc. Los Angeles, CA
Full Stack Developer May 2020 – Current
Welrus is an online platform that enables patients to shop for preventive and routine care services provided at local clinics. Tools used: ReactJS, .NET Core, C#, SQL Server, JavaScript, Material-UI, Stripe API, AWS S3 API University of California, Berkeley
Bachelor of Arts in Environmental Economics
Dean's List 2017
EDUCATION LANGUAGE
English
Contact this candidate