ASHUTOSH KUMAR
[ adngrv@r.postjobfree.com Ó 911*-***-*** Patna, India
EXPERIENCE
Full Stack Developer
Docty Inc
Feb 2021 – Present Patna, India
Working on Doctor portal, Patient portal and website. Developed lab and pharmacy page in website having various functionalities including search.
Using javaScript, TypeScript and Angular framework for the de- velopment of diﬀerent pages in the portals and website.. Front End Developer
Deo Biz & Services Pvt Ltd.
June 2019 – July 2019 Patna, India
Developed a well organized User Interface.
Utilised HTML5, CSS and JavaScript.
Back End Developer
Nﬁlade Security Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
May 2020 – June 2020 Patna, India
Worked on a project titled “Silverlining”, a web application aimed to launch for the beneﬁt of the people staying in the disaster prone areas.
Developed the back-end functionalities of the website using Django REST framework, 2Factor and SMTP packages.
PROJECTS
Students Grievance Support System
HACKNITP
Jan 2020
A web app to provide an online platform to receive and act on complaints reported by students of institutions, enabling prompt actions on any issue raised by them and to avail services more eﬀectively.
Emotion recognition using Speech
Jan 2020 – May 2020
Using the concepts of deep learning, emotion is predicted from the speech data.
Dialogues are broken down into the sentences. Each sentence consist of feature vector and time matrix. These data are passed through spectogram, and then through LSTM and CNN model to learn and predict the nature of speech.
EDUCATION
B.Tech. - Computer Science Engg
National Institute Of Technology, Patna
July 2017 – May 2021
Current C.G.P.A.: 7.86
12th in PCM - CBSE
Himalayan Public School, Patna
2016
Percentage - 80
10th in Science - CBSE
Himalayan Public School, Patna
2014
C.G.P.A.: 10/10
MOST PROUD OF
Core Member - Sankalp
One of the Core Members of Sankalp,a
unit of NSS, NITP, a non-proﬁt orga-
nization teaching underprivileged stu-
dents.
Founder Member - King’s Walk
Secretary at King’s Walk - Chess Club
at NIT Patna. It organise Chess tourna-
ment and promote the culture of chess
in the college.
CODING PROFILE
CodeChef
3 star rated, peak rating of 1620.
Codeforces
pupil, peak rating of 1372.
STRENGTHS
Hard-working Observant
Motivator & Leader Team-Player
Risk-taker
C/C++ Data Structure and Algorithms
javascript typescript Angular
node OOPs DBMS
Contact this candidate