Priya C. Email: adocll@r.postjobfree.com
Full Stack Developer
Phone No: +1-678-***-**** LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/priyac3006
SUMMARY:
Hands - on experience in Software Design, Development, Maintenance, Enhancement & Implementation of Enterprise applications using Java, J2EE technologies with strong Object-Oriented Programming skills.
Experience in working in environments using Agile (SCRUM) and Test-Driven Development (TDD) development methodologies
Expertise experience in designing and developing front-end UI using HTML5, XHTML, DHTML, CSS3(SASS, LESS) frameworks, JavaScript, TypeScript, jQuery, Bootstrap JS.
Extensive experience on modern front-end template frameworks for JavaScript - Including Bootstrap, jQuery, React and Angular for enhancing and better view.
Strong experience in developing Single Page Application (SPA), using MEAN (Mongo, Express, Angular and Node) stack. Developed multiple Angular components which are compatible with latest versions of typescript, Angular CLI which are reusable.
Implemented various screens for the front end using React.js and various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager), bower and Redux library for Dependency management.
Strong experience in unit testing tools of JavaScript framework like Karma, Jasmine and Protractor for Angular, Mocha and Chai for React JS.
Solid experience in developing the rendering view React JS components, forms, events, routers and Redux asynchronous functions and implemented React - Flux pattern for core dependency
Extensive programming experience in Core Java concepts including Multi-Threading, Exception Handling, Collection API, Object Oriented Programming (OOPs) concepts like Polymorphism, Inheritance, Abstraction, Encapsulation.
Experience in Java8 features like Parallel Streams, Lambda Expression, functional interfaces, and filters.
Extensive Design implement and test services experience in a Micro Service-oriented architecture and has implemented the REST based Microservices using the Spring Boot, Spring Data with JPA (Java Persistence API).
Experience providing and consuming SOAP Web services, Restful web services, SOAP and JSON. Also worked on microservices with Spring Boot and created dynamic documentation for RESTful webservice using Swagger.
Expert hands on experience in working with spring modules like Spring MVC, Spring IoC, Spring ORM, Spring JDBC, Spring Web Services, Spring JMS, Spring AOP, Spring Security.
Excellent experience in the design, development, and implementation of Model-View-Controller (MVC) inculcating with different J2EE frameworks, Design Patterns coming Creational/Structure/Behavioral patterns.
Strong experience in Scrum Methodologies, UML, and Test-Driven Methodologies and MVC based frameworks like spring, Struts, Hibernate.
Expertise in Servlets, JSP’s, Struts, spring, Hibernate, Java Beans, JDBC, JPA, Java, SQL, PLSQL.
Authenticated Users accessing RESTful services using OAuth 2.0, and JWT (Jason Web token).
Experience with Kafka Message Queues, RabbitMQ, JMS and performing analytics for streaming data in real time using Apache Spark.
Experience in databases like SQL, Oracle to manage tables, views, indexes, sequences, stored procedures, functions, triggers, and packages. Good knowledge on working with Relational database ORM frameworks like PostgreSQL, MySQL, DB2, Oracle 13c/11g, and NoSQL DB (Mongo DB and Cassandra, Couch DB, Redis, Dynamo DB).
Excellent experience in Database Development, Functional Programming, Reactive Programming, Object Oriented Programming, Oracle PL/SQL, ETL, MS Sync Framework, Database Administration (DBA), client/server, N-tier.
Expertise in developing SOA(Service Oriented Architectures) and Microservice architectures using J2EE web services based on Restful(JAX-RS), SOAP(JAX_WS), JAX-RPC and JAXR(Java API for XML Registries) using frameworks like Apache CXF, Jersey, Apache Axis.
Solid experience in Apache Subversion (SVN) and Jenkins and Bamboo Continuous Integration Server. integration testing of the applications using Selenium and behavioral testing using Cucumber.
Implemented Test Driven Environment (TDD) Used JUnit, Mockito, Power Mock, Sonar for Unit testing. Used JIRA as an Agile Task Management Tool and used Log4j for bug tracking and recording logs.
Exposure to Application Servers like Web Logic, IBM Web Sphere, JBoss and Apache Tomcat Web Server. Used build technologies like Hudson, Jenkins, Ivy, Maven, Gradle.
Hands on experience with design patterns like MVC, Business Object, Value Object, Singleton, Factory Pattern, Business Delegate, Session Facade, Service locator, Front Controller and DAO pattern.
Strong familiarity with Docker, Linux, Configuration Management, Jenkins, PostgreSQL, Redis, PaaS (Platform as a Service) / IAAS (Infrastructure as a Service).
Experience in deploying the applications using Docker container services and building continuous integration and deployment pipeline using Jenkins with GitHub.
Extensively used Orchestration container Kubernetes for load balancing and to schedule the tasks across the computer cluster and load balancers for backend API services.
Extensively worked with Angular 6, 7 and 8 Components, Filters, Validations, Factory, Services and creating customer directives to interact with the restful services.
Knowledge about Microsoft Azure in creating cloud environment and managing the application and servers across Microsoft managed global datacenters
Supported AWS Cloud environment with 200+ AWS instances and configured Elastic IP & Elastic Storage and experience working on implemented security groups
Experienced with event-driven and scheduled AWS Lambda functions to trigger various AWS resources
Experience in Windows Azure services like PAAS, IAAS and worked on storages like Blob and SQL Azure. Good understanding of PAAS platforms like Openshift and Pivotal Cloud Foundry.
Extensive experience in testing on multiple operating systems including Linux, Unix, Sun Solaris, and Windows. Integration and automation of source control applications like TFS, SVN, Git.
Effective Communication and Inter-Personal skills technical design, implementation deployment, and support of the fixed Income Trading Platform and Fixed Income Trading suite of applications and Multi Trading.
Good exposure in interacting with clients and solving application environment issues.
SKILLS:
Web Technologies
HTML, HTML5, XML, CSS, CSS3, Java8, JavaScript, TypeScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSP, DOM, Responsive Web Design, DHTML, XHTML, JSON, XML, SASS, SCSS.
Java Technologies
Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Spring ORM, Spring IOC, Spring JMS, JDBC, JSP2.1/2.0/1.2, Servlets2.x, JavaBeans, JDBC, Struts2.x/1.x, RMI, EJB3.0/2.1, Hibernate3.x/2.x, Spring2.0/1.0, Web Services, SOA, JMS1.1, SAX and DOM Parsers, AJAX, JAXB2.1/2.0, JAXP1.x, LDAP,
JavaScript Technologies
React, Angular 4-7, jQuery, Bootstrap
Database
Oracle, PL/SQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Redis, Cassandra
Web Services
RESTful, SOAP, POSTMAN, Swagger, WebSphere, WebLogic, Jboss, Tomcat.
Testing frameworks
Jasmine, Karma, Protractor, Junit, Mockito, PowerMock
Operating Systems
Windows, UNIX, LINUX, Mac OS.
Build Tools
Maven 3.0, Gradle, Jenkins
Message Queues
Kafka, RabbitMQ, JMS
Cloud
Amazon Webservices (AWS) Cloud, Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF)
Programming Languages
Java JDK1.4//1.5/1.6/1.7/1.8/1.11, C++, C, SQL, PL/SQL
Database Servers
Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, MySQL, Postgre.
DevOps Tools
Docker, Kubernetes, Amazon Web Services (EC2, EBS, EKS), Jenkins
Repositories
Git, SVN, TFS
Software Development
Waterfall model, V-model, Agile, Scrum, Test Driven Development (TDD)
IDE Tools
Eclipse, Net beans, IntelliJ, IBM RAD, ANT, Maven and STS
Design Patterns
MVC, Front controller, singleton, business delegate, DAO patterns.

EXPERIENCE:
One America Financial Partners, Indianapolis, IN
Sr. Full stack Developer April 2019 - Present
Responsibilities
Involved in various Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) phases of the project which was modeled using Rational Unified Process (RUP).
Used Eclipse to view and modify Spring configuration XML files, Java source and test classes, global JavaScript, CSS and XSLT files using Java.
Designed and Developed application based on Microservice Oriented Architecture using Spring Boot and React JS, Angular 8, Cassandra DB and MySQL DB. Built and managed the Application by using IBM WebSphere portal.
Developed the User Interface using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery and enhanced response using twitter Bootstrap and Angular. Developed a single-page, responsive web application on front end using Angular. Implemented Front-end User Interface using HTML, CSS3(SASS) and using Bootstrap for responsive design.
Developed the application using Struts framework. The views are programmed using JSP pages with the struts tag library, Model is the combination of EJB’s, and Java classes and web implementation controllers are Servlets.
Implemented Two-way databinding in Angular which helps the application handle the automatic synchronization of data between the model and view components using typescript and angular 8.
Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume API's using Component based architecture provided by angular 4.
Implemented the business modules integration using Spring Boot and Spring Data, Cassandra DB, JPA.
Developed business logic using Java /J2EE, Hibernate and various OOPS concepts. Established Database Connectivity using JDBC, Hibernate O/R mapping with Spring ORM for Oracle.
Worked on Hibernate for mapping the java objects to relational database and SQL queries to fetch the data, insert and update the data from the database. Used Hibernate in Data Access Layer to access and update information in the database. Used NoSQL based ORM framework Cassandra Node Driver.
Used Spring Dependency Injection, annotations, and Spring MVC components to implement business layer.
Developed several RESTful API web services which generates XML and JSON to perform web and mobile application tasks. Documented the RESTful services using SWAGGER API.
Used Microservice architecture with SpringBoot based services interacting through a combination of REST and Apache Kafka message brokers. Handled consumer logs and monitor Kafka Metrics using Kafka Manager.
Installed and configured multi-node Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark cluster for data store and data processing. Importing structured data into HDFS using Sqoop.
Integrated Open stack API with Amazon EC2 cloud-based architecture in AWS. Developed AWS S3 to copy project artifact into S3 bucket.
Installed, configured, maintained, and administered Linux /UNIX operating systems and components.
Experience on UNIX/LINUX Shell Scripting and Deployment of Applications in Server.
Designed and developed functionality to get JSON document from Mongo DB document store and send it to client using RESTful web service.
Extensively used HQL and SQL for querying databases. Created tables, triggers, PL/SQL Stored Procedures, SQL queries, Joins, integrity constraints and views for Oracle.
Implemented Spring Security OAuth 2.0 and OIDC Token mechanism for authentication and authorizing for social websites logins using Spring Social Module.
Performed Unit test cases using Junit, Cucumber for Spring, Protractor for Angular, Mocha and Chai for React. Developed test cases for DAO Layer and service layer using JUNIT and Mockito.
Used Maven build tool for building and defining the dependencies of the project.
Environment: HTML 5, CSS3, SAAS, JAVA 8, Cloud Foundry, OAuth 2, Kafka, Cassandra DB, MySQL, Bootstrap v4.0, Angular 7/8, Redis, Elastic Search, React with Redux, AJAX, jQuery,Junit4,Maven 3.0,Babel, Cucumber, Protractor, Git, Java SE8/J2ee, Spring 5.x, AWS SNS/SQS, Hibernate 4.x.
Client: HSBC, McLean, VA
Designation: Full stack Developer May 2018 – April 2019
Responsibilities:
Worked with Agile methodology and actively participated in Scrum meetings as a part of SDLC, to produce quality deliverables within time.
Develop the UI component architecture for developer framework using Angular 7, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap.
Created custom, self-contained, reusable, and testable Angular 7 modules, controllers, directives, and services to implement key functionalities for customer account summary.
Used Angular 7 Http services for asynchronous validations for the input fields of the forms with the data existed in the database. Took part in setting up the routing configuration using Angular 6 router for various views.
Worked simultaneously in both production and development teams and took part in designing and developing dynamic web pages using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, SASS, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular 6 for single page applications. Worked on customizing the Bootstrap classes using CSS preprocesses like SASS.
Worked on creating Angular custom pipes to sort the history of various customers through order of date, year, and month, For display of the history of customer details in tables. Used Bootstrap library to quickly build project UI’s and used Angular framework to associate HTML elements to models.
Analyzed and designed a scalable system based on Object Oriented Concepts, OOAD and the various J2EE design patterns. Worked on latest features of Java 8 like Lambda expressions and functional interfaces.
Developed the DAO layer for the application using Spring, Hibernate and developed various business logic and reports using HQL and Hibernate Criteria
Developed Spring Boot application using Microservices architecture to maintain small and lightweight services and communication between these services are done by using RabbitMQ.
Implemented RabbitMQ Services for reliable and asynchronous exchange of information.
Extensively worked on Spring JDBC, Spring Hibernate ORM and JPA. Responsible for mapping the database model into persistence objects using Hibernate Annotations
Built the RESTful web APIs from scratch using Swagger and deployed them on serverless AWS instances. Developed RESTful Web services using Jersey framework (JAX-RS) and REST annotations. Designed and developed asynchronous RESTful Microservices using Spring boot, that are consumed by other microservices.
Implemented the clear separation functionality in the micro-services of the application using Spring Boot and coupled all of them using REST and AWS API Gateway
Used AJAX calls to consume RESTful web services to fetch data and implement asynchronous communication with server side and then rendered the data on PrimeNG datatables.
Used various Spark Transformations and Actions for cleansing the input data.
Created the Node.js EXPRESS Server combined with Socket.io to build MVC framework from front-end side Angular to back-end MongoDB, to provide broadcast service as well as chatting service.
Used Microservice architecture with Spring Boot based services interacting through a combination of REST to build, test and deploy identity Microservices.
Performed CRUD operations like Update, Insert and Delete data in NoSQL database like MongoDB.
Provided Log4j support to the application for debugging the system and server-side logging and configured Maven dependencies for build automation.
Worked Hands on with AWS products such as AWS API Gateway, VPC, EC2, EBS, AWS Lambda, PCF, ECS, EKS, AWS Fargate
Used GIT as version control tool for effectively managing the code changes & experience with Agile/Scrum methodology. Worked in a CI/CD environment with Jenkins, Kubernetes, Maven, AWS.
Environment: JDK 1.8, Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Angular 6/7, Spring AOP, Elastic search, AWS, Hibernate, JAX-RS Webservices, JAX-WS Webservices, Apache CXF, AJAX, UML, RabbitMQ, Docker, Kubernetes, JBoss, Eclipse, Junit, SOAPUI, Log4j, Maven, AWS, NodeJS, Bootstrap, Drools, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, Toad, Maven, Jenkins, Sun Jersey, Unix, Junit, Selenium, PL/SQL, JIRA, Selenium, GIT, Bamboo CI, Cucumber, MongoDB, JMeter, Apache Camel, Karma, AWS, Jasmine.
Client: Wayfair, Boston, MA
Designation: Full stack Developer August 2017 – May 2018
Responsibilities:
Responsible for Building applications using React JS which allowed us to render pages on both the client and server using the same codebase.
Implemented React JS code to handle cross browser compatibility issues in Mozella, IE 7, 8, 9, Safari and FF. Used Babel plugin tool for conversion of ECMA versions to support all type of browsers.
Developed the flux pattern by using Redux framework as a core dependency.
Integrated Redux data store allowing React components to have access to data resulting in highly maintainable code. Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application.
Developed SPA using React JS to utilize the HTML5 DOM features and update elements that are modified in the webpage.
Experience in writing test cases with the help of JUnit testing framework and configured applications on WebLogic Server. Developed web applications using Spring MVC, jQuery, HTML, Bootstrap and worked on Multithreading and Collections Framework including List, Map etc. Added interactivity to the UI pages using JavaScript.
Worked with Core Java technologies Collections, Serialization, Generics, Annotations and Exception Handling to implement Back-End Business Logic including Entity Beans and Session Beans.
Used Java-J2EE patterns like Model View Controller (MVC), Business Delegate, Data Transfer Objects, Data Access Objects, factory patterns.
Designed and developed the End Points (Controllers), Business Layer, DAO Layer using Spring IOC (Dependency Injection).
Developed micro services architecture using Rest APIs, spring boot and pivotal cloud foundry.
Developed REST Web Services clients to consume those Web Services as well other enterprise wide Web Services.
Designed and Developed Presentation Tier using Spring MVC and JSP integrating Custom Tags, JSTL, JSP Expression Language and AJAX.
Developed Spring Batch processes for financial reporting applications and modules using Perl and Korn shell scripts on Oracle database, with partitions and sub-partitions.
Modified the Spring Controllers and Services classes to support the introduction of spring framework.
Creating Docker containers leveraging existing Linux Containers and AMI's in addition to creating Docker containers from scratch and developing Docker images to support Development, Testing Teams and their pipelines, distributed Jenkins, Kubernetes, Selenium and JMeter images, and Elasticsearch, Kibana and Log stash.
Installed Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) on EC2 to manage the containers created by PCF.
Experience in working with big data platform with a combination of Hive MQ, Cassandra and Spark.
Worked with high volume and complex PL/SQL stored procedures and packages using TOAD.
Experience in data structure design, Data Modelling in Cassandra.
Ran Log aggregations, website Activity tracking and commit log for distributed system using Apache Kafka.
Developed Mongo DB Data Access Layer implementing Mongo Repository interface from Spring Data.
Used Log4j to print logging, debugging, warning and info on server console. Debugged the MAVEN scripts for building entire web application.
Implemented Cucumber for behavioral testing of application
Developed reusable UI components using ES6, Handlebars and Webpack.
Environment: React.js, Node.js, Babel, Redux, Bootstrap, Jenkins, Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF), Docker, Cassandra, JUnit, Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Apache Kafka, Log4j, MAVEN, Cucumber, Webpack, Babel.

Client: Webonise, Pune, India
Designation: Full stack Developer June 2015- August 2017
Responsibilities:
Prepared Analysis document and followed AGILE software development with Scrum methodology.
Developed the application on NodeJS platform using JavaScript programming.
Used JavaScript and jQuery for validating the input given to the user interface.
Applied data transformation rules to transform code from one format to another format using NodeJS.
Created the Nodejs express server to build MVC framework from front-end side Angular to back-end.
Developed front-end code with Ajax call in Angular 2 and jQuery to retrieve data as JSON Object from controllers in back-end RESTful Server. Extensive experience using framework APIs like Struts, Spring, and Hibernate.
Worked on the SPRING framework like SPRING IOC, SPRING DAO, SPRING ORM and Spring Integration.
Expertise in Multithreading, Remote Method Invocation (RMI), EJB, Serialization, and Java Beans.
Worked extensively on SPRING MVC framework to develop new internal web application.
Used Spring AOP components for the Logging, Exception handling and Transactional Models.
Enforce compliance with dynamic processing and security policies by using Mule ESB.
Developed Spring boot application with microservice and deployed it into AWS using EC2 instances.
Developed stored procedures, triggers, and functions with PL/SQL for Oracle database.
Uses the DAO pattern for data access layer and JMS API for the messaging requirement.
Design PL/SQL batches using Core JAVA with connectivity to Oracle for data maintenance and handling.
Test API responses for WCS changes deployed on continuous basis, validate Green Box and MongoDB data.
Developed and executed SQL queries for testing database integrity and for data analysis using Selenium.
Involved in the development of backend Logics or data access logic using Oracle DB&JDBC.
Developed API using Hibernate to interact with the Oracle database.
Developed automated regression test cases in Selenium WebDriver using Java programming language.
Used WebLogic for design, development, and deployment of applications.
Environment: Java, J2EE, SPRING, Hibernate, Struts, WebLogic, Restful, jQuery, AJAX, Ext JS, JavaScript, JSP, JSTL, Servlet, Microservice, Oracle, CRUD, PL/SQL, JIRA, Angular, GWT, JDBC, AWS, MongoDB, NodeJS, Adobe (CQ5), Bootstrap, Core Java, JBPM, NoSQL, UML, Eclipse, Junit, Maven, Agile, SOA, JIRA, JENKINS, Selenium.

Client: Intangles Lab, Pune, India
Designation: Full stack Developer April 2014 – June 2015
Responsibilities:
Develop source code in Eclipse using Java, Spring framework, Design patterns, Web-services, and MySQL.
Create SQL queries for user support & clean-up work requests to modify, add and delete production data as per business needs.
Developed the application based on Spring MVC architecture. Implemented business logic using Spring framework and its features such as Spring DI, Spring AOP and integrated with Spring ORM.
Involved in the development of Java Web Services to get customer data from various application systems. Consumed RESTful Web Services using SpringREST for communicating with external components.
Implemented data layer using SpringDAO and utilized Java Persistence API’s (JPA) and executed queries to retrieve and store the data into MySQL.
Implemented data layer using Hibernate 4.0 and utilized Java Persistence API’s (JPA) and executed queries to retrieve and store the data into MySQL
Developed the APIs and Implemented business logic using Spring framework and its features such as Spring DI, Spring AOP and integrated with Spring ORM
Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interface screens using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript.
Deployed the application into the server using Tomcat Application Server.
Developed JUnit Test cases for DAO and Service Layer methods to accomplish TDD approach. Usage of Log4J to capture the log that include runtime exceptions.
Used GIT version control tool for manage different version of application and Maven as a build tool.
Implemented Continuous Integration and continuous deployment using Jenkins. Worked with Docker Engine using Containerization.
Utilized Amazon Web Services like EC2 for storage, configuration, and backup/restore infrastructure.
Participated in the Agile environment according to the Sprint deadlines and meeting.

Environment: Java/JDK 1.8, Spring1.xx,MVC, SpringDAO, Restful Web Service, Microservices, Eclipse, Maven, MySql5, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, Bootstrap3, Servlets, XML, JUnit, Tomcat7,Postman, Log4j, Jenkins, GIT, AWS, EC2, ELB, Agile, OmniUpdate.

Education Details:
Master’s in Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Alabama at Birmingham (2017 - 2019)
Bachelors in Electronics and Telecommunication, Savitribai Phule Pune University (2012 – 2016)
Contact this candidate