ALEX GOLDBERG
SR. FULL-STACK WEB DEVELOPER/ TEAM L EAD/CTO
Over 20 years of experience in IT, involved in complete SDLC including analysis, design, development, integration, testing and maintenance of business systems.
Fluent in cutting edge native or hybrid mobile application technologies, responsive web design RWD and user interface development including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, jQuery Mobile, AngularJS and other JavaScript Frameworks or Design Patterns.
Building API layer, frameworks, business rules, and core components. Complete application development, using design patterns such as MVC, MVP, and Singleton.
Strong leadership skills, ability to challenge and drive the team, ability to set goals and achieve results.
Work hand-in-hand with the Clients directly to validate requirements and provide technical guidance to the development team. Implement product features within a team using best practices to meet product or solution deliverables.
Refactor code to increase operating efficiency and extensibility and/or adapt programs to new requirements.
Code reviews to ensure the implementation is maintainable, supportable, resilient and performance.
Participate in stress tests, load tests, performance tests, making recommendations to the team to improve performance and scalability. Leading a team of >=9 engineers for >= 4yr, estimation, planning, tasks assignment, prioritization, tracking.
S U M M A R Y
C O N T A C T
Master's Degree
Information Technology
Odessa National Maritime
University
E D U C A T I O N
$40 - $50 /Hourly
$70,000 / Yearly
Remote / Full Time /
Contract
R A T E
Backend Frameworks: Laravel, Symfony, CakePHP, Codeigniter Frontend Development: Bootstrap, Skeleton, Material Design Lite, Foundation
Mobile Application Development: Ionic, React Native, Cordova, PhoneGap, Flutter, Swift
Databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL
Web Servers: Nginx, Apache
Software Design: OOP, Design Patterns, Solid
Programming and Scripting Languages: PHP, HTML, XHTML, JavaScript AngularJS, React, Swift, SQL, Perl, Kotlin, Bash, Flutter Project Management: Jira, Redmine Trello, Wrike, Basecamp Wireframe Design Softwares: Balsamiq, Figma, AdobeXD Server Management: Cpanel & WHM, Pulseway, Teradici, Okta Opensource: Wordpress, WooCommerce, OpenCart, Magento Code Repository: GitHub, Gitlab, Bitbucket
Merchant API: Authorize, Stripe, Paypal.
Third-party API integration: Firebase, Google Analytics, Google Maps, Admob, Youtube, Facebook, etc.
Strong Experience designing, building, and maintaining RESTful APIs S K I L L S
adoxcl@r.postjobfree.com
Senior Full Stack Developer / Founder
www.vizualtech.com
Responsible for designing, developing, testing, operating and maintaining Lead 9 highly skilled web and mobile engineers to develop and maintain mobile applications, backend and providing full support for existing platforms CRM, Ecommerce and not limited to, conduct code reviews to provide guidance on engineering best practices and compliance with development procedures.
Take full stack ownership by consistently writing production-ready and testable code. Experience leading teams in crafting and writing high quality, maintainable, deployable, testable, and highly usable software applications (in any language). Consistently create optimal design adhering to architectural best practices, consider scalability, reliability and performance of systems/contexts affected when defining technical designs. Make sound design/coding decisions keeping customer experience in the forefront. Take feedback from code review and apply changes to meet standards. Develop and work closely with technical team to ensure proper allocation and utilization of IT resources.
The expertise area also includes development for iOS, Android, and Web platforms, including UI/UX design, backend engineering, project management, testing, launching, and maintenance, open source
Experience in full software development life cycle phases like requirements gathering, analyzing, designing, coding, testing and maintaining computer software applications. Excellent analytical, problem solving ability, capable of leading teams, work independently or as part of a team.
Have good interpersonal communications, ability to work collaboratively and commitment to achieving corporate goals
Experience leading the development and deployment of a web application and managing the product life cycle
Support your Agile Scrum team with planning, scoping and creation of technical solutions for the new product capabilities, through continuous delivery to production. Experience with RESTful design principles, design patterns and engineering best practices. Strong communication skills and ability to clearly article plans and projects both to senior level executives and more junior team members
Proficient with PHP, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, JQuery Bootstrap, and related front-end development Design, create, test, deploy and support software applications Problem solving (triage defects, recommend and implement a fix for critical issues) Solid understanding of web technologies, such as PHP, Magento, WordPress, Joomla, CakePHP, Laravel, CodeIgniter, JavaScript, CSS, HTML5, XML, JavaScript, JSON, Ajax, AngularJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS and SQL Server
Experience with maintaining highly scaled AWS-based back-end systems, including on-call rotations, and infrastructure experience
Design, develop and implement unit and scenario testing for existing code base and for new functionality under development
Networks, security, firewalls, load balancers, DNS, and other infrastructure components Architect, design, implement, maintain and operate information system security controls and countermeasures.
W O R K E X P E R I E N C E
Sr. Full Stack Developer
Backend Laravel & Ionic Frontend
Selin.app Woman Period Tracking application
Backend: RESTful Laravel API & Mobile Angular Ionic App Admob integration
Firebase integration
Backend Laravel / Rest API
Simple interface, easy to use
Push notifications
Registration
Fingerprint recognition
Google authorization, IOS authorization
Facebook Authorization
Email Verification
Displays essential information
High level of Privacy Protection
Social media integration
Multiple platforms (App Store & Play Store)
IOS and Android Subscription
Multi accounts to track & security protections
Multi language to choose
Selin is the first menstrual cycle and period tracker app created not only for women, but for men too! You will be able to learn about the preferable fertile days for intimacy, track menstruation cycle of your girlfriend (or girlfriends), learn about your wife’s ovulation, etc.
Google Link
IOS Link
Website
Main features:
JULY 2020 - APRIL 2021
Full Stack Developer / Backend and Frontend
Restaurant food delivery Mobile application
Developed IOS / Android Mobile Application
Backend Laravel / Rest API
Push notifications
Navigation Menu
Accepting online orders / Place order
Personalization
Restaurant details
Location based services
In-app, online ordering and mobile payments
Food Customization
Customer feedback
Offers a user-friendly and well-designed interface Registration
Sign up
Google authorization, IOS authorization
Facebook Authorization
Main features:
SEPTEMBER 2019 - MAY 2020
CTO
Business Automation CRM
Served as a technical lead for an Agile team and actively participated in all Agile ceremonies. Participated in all team ceremonies including planning, grooming, product demonstration and team retrospectives.
Coding, Compiling, Unit testing, integration, packaging and deployment of developed software Demonstrable knowledge PHP, LAMP, AngularJS, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS, HTML, Laravel Framework Sharing knowledge of tools and techniques with the wider team, both developers and non-developers Provided progress reports to management and other affected stakeholders Experience with Cloud Technologies like AWS Redshift, RDS, etc. AUGUST 2015- NOVEMBER 2018
Angular Frontend Developer Ionic
Financial Stock gaming Mobile application
Developed IONIC IOS / Android Mobile Application
Backend Laravel / Rest API
Alert Push Notification and Email Notification
Navigation Menu
Registration
Sign up
SMS verification, Email verification
Risk management
Trading Strategy Backtesting
Market / Business News
Stock Futures of Major World Indexes
Real-time stock quotes for US exchanges and some international stock markets Foreign exchange rates and currency converter
Experience with Cloud Technologies like AWS Redshift, RDS, etc. Created server security and data protection settings Main features:
JANUARY 2019 - AUGUST 2019
Lead Developer/CTO
Real Estate Investment platform
Developed web applications using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JSON, React, Node JS, JQuery and Ajax. Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript. Worked with clients to develop the overall look and design of a website. Produced, maintained and modified websites and user interfaces. Ensured websites were accessible across many platforms, including laptops and smartphones Routinely tested websites for ease of use, speed and other quality factors. Fixed any website issues or bugs that arised.
Technical lead of several scrum teams of 3-6 full-stack engineers. Proponent of pre-development technical design review, pair programming, and testing best practices. Established technical standards and ensured adherence. Represented the team of engineers in company strategy meetings with the executive team. Shared knowledge, mentored, and educated the organization's investors, management, staff, partners, customers, and stakeholders with regard to the company's policies. OCTOBER 2009 - JUN 2015
SENIOR FULL STACK DEVELOPER
Ecommerce store
Led design and development of enterprise application using PHP, LAMP technologies, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS, HTML), Laravel Framework
Mentor developers and influence adoption of best practices among development team Providing guidance to other on-shore and off-shore developers Integration with financial api’s and payment processing gateways Identifying and troubleshooting client/marketing team issues then documenting solutions and development and QA procedures
Ensure exceptional code quality and thorough testing (both at unit and system integration level) on every newly developed feature
Provided technical problem resolution for highly complex problems Managed the project from conception to implementation, and worked with the team to ensure all requirements were being documented and executed
Provided technical advice and assisted in solving programming problems. Made recommendations towards the development of new code or to reuse existing code. Created and executed unit tests and performed basic application testing. Executed software development for outlined work, support, maintain and document software functionality, design and architecture.
Performed various tasks including data validation, testing and development. Managed an application that was developed to provide a centralized, scalable and reliable data management system for the entire company.
Maintained an active and productive team of engineers, project leads and testers to ensure the project was on track and within the agreed timeline.
Experience deploying and operating services in a major Public Cloud (e.g., AWS, Azure) JUNE 2006- OCTOBER 2009
WordPress Developer
Built, extended, and deployed websites using the WordPress CMS Developed page types, taxonomy language, menu systems, and other WordPress CMS data structures based on wireframes and project requirements Convert designs into component-based HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Participated in all stages of development, testing, implementation and maintenance. Oversaw the use of WordPress plugin and plugin customization Created and managed the website back-end including database and server integration. Conferring with teams to resolve issues/bugs, prioritize needs, identify solution(s) and implement. Patching WordPress, WP Plugins, MySQL, PHP and other CMS components on a monthly basis or sooner if any highly critical, actively exploited, vulnerabilities are announced Setup periodic vulnerability scans and action on alerts and results Convert designs into component-based HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Participated in all stages of development, testing, implementation and maintenance. Leading on bug fixes
AUGUST 2003 - MAY 2006
Like my resume? Let's discuss your project requirements with you. Working with me and my team will completely allow you to focus on business needs and never think of a development process.
Since most of the projects under NDA I cannot disclose companies names, however I can show over zoom, any mobile application, sitemaps, roadmaps, frontend & backend.
Contact this candidate