Sowjanya Reddy
Email: adqga1@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 469-***-****
Professional Summary:
Java developer with over all 7+ years of Professional experience in IT industry, involving requirement analysis, design, development and implementation of software applications using OOP Concepts, Java 8 and Java EE (Servlets, TDD, JDBC), Web Services (SOAP, Restful), HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, Jenkins, JMS, Maven, Log4J, JSON, Apache Tomcat, and Jboss.
Spring framework, hibernate framework, MVC Framework, SOAP, Rest and Micro services using CXF, Jersey
Java/J2EE, Messaging framework, Multi-threaded programming, JavaScript, JSP, AJAX, CSS
Design, analyze, develop, code, test, debug and document in solving business problems for one or more business areas with experience in using core java1.5,1.6,1.7,1.8
Setting up and maintaining stage and Production environment for WebSphere Application Server and WebSphere Commerce server along experience with Building tools like ANT & MAVEN.
Extensive knowledge on the spring modules like Spring IOC, Spring DAO, Spring Web flow, Spring Security, Spring MVC.
Expertise in Web environments, focused in JAVA Technologies –Java collections, Threads, J2SE, JDBC, Struts, Spring, Hibernate Framework.
Designed, configured and deployed Amazon Web Services (AWS) for a multitude of applications utilizing the Amazon cloud formation.
Good knowledge on Web-Development technologies like AngularJS, Bootstrap, Servlets, JSP, JSON, JSTL, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, XML, AJAX, jQuery.
Experience with web-based applications using JUnit, HTTP Unit and Soap-UI and application Servers such as Apache Tomcat, Jboss
Strong programming skills and development experience in Java, J2EE, Web services, Spring, Hibernate, Struts, Servlets, JSP, JSTL, JDBC, JavaScript, Java beans, XML, SOAP/REST.
Expertise in implementing Web services client using XML-based protocols such as Simple Object Ac-cess Protocol (SOAP) and HTTP using XML artifacts with Axis and Web Service Definition Language (WSDL).
Expert in Core Java with in-depth knowledge of Core Java concepts such as Multithreading, Synchronization, Collections and Event/Exception handling.
Efficient in SDLC including SAFe Agile, Agile and Scrum Software Development Methodologies
Working with relation databases such as MySQL, NoSQL, SQL*Plus, Mongo DB.
Deployed code into various environments like DEV/PreProd/Prod
Major experience on Enterprise Level Programs/ Projects.
Highly flexible and team player with focus on empowering self-organizing teams.
Proficient in Java/J2EE Design Patterns including singleton, Decorator, Factory, Prototype, Proxy.
Implemented AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto scaling groups, optimized volumes and EC2 instances.

Excellent interpersonal and customer/vendor relation management skills, proven communication, organizational, analytical and presentation skills. Identify efficiencies and ways to improve design and development processes.

Technical Skills:
Programming Languages: Core JAVA, J2EE, SQL, C, CSS3, SQL, Visual Basic, Shell Script.
Frameworks: Spring (Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Spring Access, Spring DAO, Spring IOC, Spring JDBC, Spring with Hibernate),DWR
Java versions: Java 6,7,8,9,11
Server Side: JSP, J2EE, Struts, Servlets, JNDI, JDBC, Java, Webservices, EJB, MVC framework, Java Beans, JMS, Hibernate, Spring, MVC
Web Technologies: ReactJS, HTML5, CSS3, Java Script, Bootstrap, JSON, REST/SOAP Web services, AWS, Microservices
Libraries and Tools ANT, Maven, Jasper Reports, Meter
Databases: My SQL, Mongo DB, Postgres, DB2, Azure cloud
IDE: IntelliJ, Eclipse (Indigo, Juno, Europa, and Helios), NetBeans. Sublime Text, Brackets, Rational Application Developer
Web/App Servers: Apache Tomcat 4.0/5.0/6.0, Jboss, IBM Web Sphere 7.0/8.x, WebLogic
Operating Systems: Windows, UNIX, Linux.
Version Control Systems: CVS, VSS, SVN, GIT
Functional Domain Telecommunications,Health Care, Ecommerce, Financial

Work Experience
Java Developer May 2021 -Present
Verizon, Piscataway NJ
Verizon wireless is a telecommunication company, which offers wireless products and services. 5G is part of wireless services and the objective with FUZE Planning 5G is to create solution first, then create projects to maintain links between different platforms used throughout the project lifecycle. This webapplication tool helps the users to track and maintain the utilization of network frequencies and predicting the cell tower usage.

Responsibilities:
Worked in agile framework as an individual contributor Responsibilities include - Interaction with Business team in story grooming, reviewing story/acceptance criteria.
Converted a monolithic app to microservices architecture using Spring Boot using 12-factor app methodology. Deployed, Scaled, Configured, wrote manifest file for various Microservices in PCF.
Implemented REST Microservices using spring boot. Generated Metrics with method level granularity and Persistence using Spring AOP and Spring Actuator.
Implemented Zipkins for distributed Micro Service Monitoring. Integrated Swagger UI and wrote integration test along with REST document.
Implemented Hysterix a Latency and Fault Tolerance system for Distributed Systems. Wrote Controller, Services and directive code using Angular JS 1.X for a POC for converting CIM UI.
Used spring config server for centralized configuration and Splunk for centralized logging. Used Concourse and Jenkins for Microservices deployment
Developed story/task by following TDD/BDD and Pair programming concepts. Mentored new team members on effective usage of blend of Spring Boot /JPA and Java
Implement RESTful API based solution with integration in Elastic Path
Responsible for system development using Factory, DAO and MVC Design Patterns.
Developed Data Access Object (DAO) Adaptors for interacting with the Data Access Objects and controlling the coupling of the system.
Developed REST services using Node-JS, Express-JS, Body-Parser, Mongoose and other node modules to serve the web application with JSON data.
Used Postman to test the API workflow tested on the JSON files which are generated by the NodeJS, ExpressJS.
Worked with Node.js to develop RESTful APIs consumed in front end applications.
Worked with modules like MongoDB and mongoose for database persistence using Node.js to interact with MongoDB.
Designed and developed comprehensive J2EE application framework for e-Steel online marketplace.
Framework included Enterprise Java Beans (EJB), Servlets, JSPs, Request Processors, Data Access Objects, and Java Message. The new architecture significantly reduced response times. Used Spring MVC design pattern for developing the web component and used hibernate as Data access layer for accessing the data from Oracle database.
Designed and developed RESTful service interface using Spring MVC to the underlying customer event API.
Implemented AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto scaling groups, optimized volumes and EC2 instances.
Developed Java API to connect with AWS S3 Services for storing and retrieving data stored in the S3 buckets.
Implemented Java EE components using Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring transactions and Spring security modules.
Developed Rest APIs in Spring boot utilizing Postman, Swagger.
Created Enrolment microservice to provide RESTful API utilizing Spring Boot with Micro Services.
Used Spring Core Annotations for Dependency Injection Spring MVC for REST API s and Spring Boot for micro-services.
Used Spring Security for authentication and authorization of the application.
Implemented OAuth2.0 for authentication-based web application and accessed their APIs for fetching data services.
Developed Java API to connect with AWS S3 Services for storing and retrieving data stored in the S3 buckets.

Environment: Java 1.8, J2EE, Spring MVC, Spring JDBC, Spring Boot, Spring, Microservices, Hibernate, WebLogic, Maven, Eclipse, JUnit, Log4J, JIRA, Jenkins, Oracle 12G, Angular 6.0.

Full Stack Developer Sep 2019 – April 2021
Charter Communications, St Louis MO
Spectrum Mobile which is a MVNO telecom network that uses Verizon cellular network. Worked on all three main channels that process a sale: D2C (Direct to Customer-Customer facing application), Telesales (customer sales agent –customer care agent facing application), Retail (In Store – Agent facing application).
Responsibilities:
Involving Analysis, development, testing, integration and deployment of the web services.
Involving in Agile methodology to get updated with team
Used spring Boot to implement the MVC design pattern.
Used JPA Repository from spring Data to map domain element for CRUD operations.
Knowledge of Telecom Billing Systems (Arterra, Amdocs), Credit and Fraud monitoring Systems
System Knowledge and experience working with third party credit/fraud systems integrations i.e., Experian Cross core (Precise ID, Fraud Net), Experian Net Connect, ID Analytics, Lexis Nexis, Authentic ID
Designed and implemented the RESTApi for the UI screen through the mobile user can look-up
Developed Rest API to processes the data from DB to another Rest Service.
Working Knowledge of Payment gateways, POS retail inventory management (Oracle Xstore, XPO)
Extensively involved in developing and consuming Restful webservices using spring Boot.
Kafka Event Sourcing, Redis In-Memory Caching, Solr Index Search
Experience with Spring Cloud Netflix which provides Netflix OSS integrations for Spring Boot apps.
Used Netflix Eureka as service registry and load balancer in microservices architecture.
Used ZuulP roxy for dynamic routing between Microservices.
Used Spring Security for basic authentication and authorization.
Used Apache Kafka as publish-subscribe feeds for website tracking activity and event sourcing.
Used Log4j 2 error handling, to monitor the status of the service and to filter bad loans
Added Filters to intercepts all web services requests and response along with Hibernate session closing
Implemented DAO for data layer (to run JDBC/Hibernate transparently)
Scheduled Notification for App using Quartz API
Used Design patterns like Composite, DAO, Decorator, Factory, Abstract Factory, Singleton and Chain responsibility
GitLab, Git for version control and release management.
Reporting through Velocity Templates and Jasper report
Installed & configured and managed Splunk Enterprise Server and responsible for developing Splunk queries and dashboards targeted.
Active monitoring of Jobs through alert tools and responding with certain action to logs analyses the logs
Extensively used Splunk Search Processing Language (SPL) queries, Reports, Alerts and Dashboards
Test cases using Junit/Mockito and developed Junit test cases, to test each class as part of unit testing.
Designed and developed a web site application using HTML, CSS, Angular 7 and Bootstrap 3.
Environment: Java 1.8, Java EE, JSP, JSTL, Spring boot with Thyme leaf, SpringIO, SpringMVC, Hibernate, Jasper Reports,AWS, Quartz, XML, Web Services, SOAP, Oracle Jersey, ERWIN, Visio, CVS, Git, Mongo DB, OOAD (Object-Oriented Analysis and Design), Eclipse, XCode, Android Studio, Apache Tomcat, Maven 4.0, SVN 1.7, Log4j2.

Full Stack Developer March 2019 – September 2019
Voya Financial, Windsor, CT
Fund ops apps were reporting apps which will provide the Fund performance and fund rates to the end customer as a report. Fund ops has multiple batch jobs running daily and monthly. These jobs will send the extract to the downstream applications. Most of these jobs use multi-threading concepts because of the Data volume.
Responsibilities:
Contribute to design, Coding and development of various components in web module.
Involved in build and deployment of Microservices with Jenkins. Also implemented REST API as Spring Boot Microservices to perform modular functionality as per Microservices architecture.
Developed Graphical User Interfaces using HTML5, bootstrap, AngularJS and JSP’s for user interaction. Designing and developing the REST based Micro services using the Spring Boot, Spring Data with JPA.
Build Restful web services using the Sling Architecture implementing POST and GET methods.
Used Jersey as REST API and REST Template for the rest client for developing Web services
Used Dependency Injection feature of Spring MVC framework and ORM mapping tool Hibernate for rapid development and ease of maintenance.
Developing front-end content using JSP, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and Angular JS.
Implementing Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) using SOAP and REST Web Services. Implemented tomcat and Jboss setup on Microsoft Azure VM, setup CI/CD pipeline with Docker installation
Estimations using Atlassian Suite (JIRA,GIT,Git Kraken,Fisheye,&Scrum dashboards)
Developed Navigation bar, menu bar, drop down bar list with React widgets and bootstrap.
Implemented Restful Web Services for retrieving and presenting the data. Serializing the POJO information to XML/JSON formats using JAXB for easy representation. Developed POJO for data modeling of account information, portfolio and transaction history and customized Spring Bean Factory
Lead Migrating the legacy applications from Axis Web services to JAX-WS Services.
Designed and developed data access layer using Data Access Object (DAO), Session Façade, Business Delegate and Singleton design patterns.
Assign Roles, manage Users and groups and assign policies using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM). Migrated applications to the AWScloud. Involved in writing java API for Amazon Lambda to manage some of the AWS services
Developed Web services component using XML, WSDL and SOAP with DOM parser to transfer and transform data between applications.
Involved in developing custom images on Cloud using AWS images and on ESX using Templates and involved in building physical servers using Kick start PXE Boot and Jumpstart.
Creating and configuring the continuous delivery pipelines for deploying Micro services by using Jenkins CI server
Environment: Java 1.8, J2EE, EJB, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, Ajax Bootstrap, JavaScript, AngularJS, NodeJS, Hibernate 5, Spring MVC,Spring Framework 4.0, Spring IOC, Spring boot, spring security, GIT, Struts, JUnit, Maven, IBM WebSphere, Restful, Microservices, JIIRA,ApacheTomcat,JBOSS,UNIX,GIT, Bitbucket, AWS Cloud.
JAVA/J2EE Developer January 2018 – March 2019
Kohl’s, Menomonee Falls, Wi
Working on PMO SSTS application, a commercial website for a client is an account-based shopping site where user can register for free to place orders online. It provides online and offline payment modes to customers. The Project has the following modules: Checkout, Staging, Order Management System, Integration and Mer-chant.
Responsibilities:
Developing web application on SpringMVC Framework, Hibernate, Java script, JSP, Restful, MAVEN, Tomcats and Postgres.
Implement Agile methodologies actively and performed in scrum meetings.
Developed POJO for data modeling of account information, portfolio and transaction history and customized Spring Bean Factory.
Creation the AWS CLOUD TRAIL and Cloud FRONT Services.
Use Maven to build and deploy the application in the server.
Work with IDEs like RSA 7.5, Eclipse3.0, WSAD 5.1 and server includes Web logic8.x, WAS 7.0 and Tomcat 5.x/4.x application servers
Deploy containers and Micro services in AWS using EC2 Container Services
Using Microservices with Spring Boot interacting through a combination of REST and Apache Kafka message brokers and provided support for all Microservices
Consumed Web API Services with Angular with session support.
Developing views with HTML, CSS, JSON and AngularJS, Node.js
Using Spring Inversion of Control, to make application easy to test and integrate.
Involving in working using Amazon cloud services where I migrated the application to cloud, Auto scaling, S3, working with Load balancers, Route53, SES, SNS, RDS etc
Designing and developing the REST based Micro services using the Spring Boot, Spring Data with JPA.
Documenting all stages of the project, generated documentation using Java API Documentation Generator (Java doc).
creating HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery and using GIT for version control.
Involving in integration system testing and user acceptance testing (UAT)
Creating numerous test cases using JUnit framework and JUnit for front end UI testing.
Using Jenkins to build and deploy in local environment.
Environment: Safe Agile, Agile,JIRA, Axure, HTML5, CSS3, Java 8.0, Spring Framework 4.0, Spring Boot, JavaScript, Web API,RESTful, Postgres, Jira, Maven 3.3, MVC, Apache Tomcat, GIT, AWS.

JAVA/J2EE Developer June 2016 – Dec 2017
On life health services, Brentwood, TN
This Project include developing platform APIs and associated applications. The incumbent may also develop machine learning methodologies for analyzing and visualizing large, complicated clinical data sets. This includes configuring, coding, developing, and documenting software specifications throughout the project life cycle.
Responsibilities:
Developing web application using Spring Boot framework and Navigation using Spring MVC controllers, configured controllers using Spring MVC annotations and configuration files.
Using to Core Java concepts like collections and multi-threading to implement back-end logic.
Customizing Restful Web Service using Spring RESTful API, sending JSON format data packets between front-end and middle-tier controller.
Configured AWS IAM roles and Security Group in Public and Private Subnets in VPC.
Migrating Spring based application to cloud based Micro services.
Responsible for setting up Angular JS framework for UI development.
Deploying the application to apache TOMCAT server.
Designing and developing the REST based Micro services using the Spring Boot, Spring Data with JPA.
Created and utilized Web API methods for database operations (CRUD) through Entity Framework
creating HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery and using GIT for version control.
Involving in integration system testing and user acceptance testing (UAT)
Documenting all stages of the project, generated documentation using Java API Documentation Generator (Java doc).
Implemented Single Page Design and customized directive and filter criteria by using Angular-JS and used Angular-JS MVC to build a cross-browser compliant application.
Worked on Restful webservices using Node.js and implemented mock services in Node.js with help of modules using Node.js server.
Build RESTful web services using the Sling Architecture implementing POST and GET methods.
Developed UI Layer for the application using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery.
Followed Java & J2EE design patterns and the coding guidelines to design and develop the application.
Environment: Agile- Scrum, J2EE, Spring Framework, Web API,Maven,Junit,HTML5,Angular JS, Node JS, CSS,SQL, SQL server, UI, Eclipse, J Unit, Hibernate, Tomcat, JavaScript.

Program Analyst June 2013 – May 2014
Soham Solutions, India
This application consists of 5 modules: User Module contains login page for existing and new user, Document module for submission of requirement documents which involved in reengineering of CRM (Customer Relationship Management), Merchant Accounting Systems Applications & Merchant Information System (MIS).
Responsibilities:
Developed a scalable and maintainable application using J2EE Framework, Hibernate, MVC Model, Struts, and J2EE Design Patterns.
Developed UI for the website, which is compatible with all the browsers and tested using Smart Stack.
Used Spring IOC and MVC for enhanced modules.
created tables in database and mapped the POJO using the *. Hbm.xml files.
Developed the Persistence Layer using Hibernate.
Integrated Struts Tiles to create reusable front-end pages.
Integrated with various third-party tools such as JSF 2.x, Light box, Maximined, iText, HTML unit and dialog boxes etc.
Responsible for delivering quality work to the client and enhancement of Java applications.
Used Rational Clear Case as a source control for code changes.
Involved in configuration and deployment of application on tomcat server.
Followed coding and documentation standards.
Developed Employer self-registration process and implemented Employment application template for different employers in the admin module.
Environment: Java, J2EE, J2EE architecture, Servlets, JSP, spring, Web services, Prime Faces 3.x, Hibernate, XML, HTML, Java Script, SOAP, Ant, Oracle, tomcat server, Linux.

Education:
Masters in Computer Science from California State University – Spring ‘ 2016
Bachelors in Computer Science from SSUW, India – May 2013
Contact this candidate