Muralidharan P
Phone#: +***- *********
Email: adqnao@r.postjobfree.com

PROFILE

A self-motivated, disciplined and competent Senior Application Developer with an overall IT experience of 7 years where I have been exposed to all kinds of complexities and intricacies that accompany all stages of Software Development Life Cycle, which involved Analyzing, Designing, Developing, Testing and implementing software applications. Having successfully delivered several Software Application and web development projects throughout my career, I have also been providing efficient Responsive Application based solutions for the last 4 years.

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS SUMMARY

An accomplished IT career as a Senior Software Developer specializing in a wide range of the latest and cutting-edge Software Products and Systems, that cater to the ever-growing software demands of large Enterprises.
Exceptional communicator and effective speaker, with experience in giving elaborate presentations.
APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT: Over 10 years of Strong experience in developing Web based applications using Microsoft .NET Framework and Microsoft Visual Studio as an IDE. Expert with developing n-tier distributed .NET applications using ASP.NET, ADO.NET, XML and Web services in the languages C#. Well-versed with development in .Net Core, ASP.NET MVC 4, 4.5, Entity Framework, CSS3, JavaScript, J-Query, LINQ, WCF, SOAP Web service, AngularJS, Angular 2, Bootstrap and RESTful API’S.
DATABASES: Excellent experience with Database Design and Programming using RDBMS databases like SQL Server, Oracle DB. Good Skills with SQL scripts for querying against databases and for writing Stored Procedures, Views, Functions, Triggers and Cursors.
3 years’ experience in designing, developing and deploying Responsive Web Application using AngularJS and Web API.
1-year Experience as a developer with WPF
Expert with OOJS (Object Oriented JavaScript)
Thorough understanding and experience in HTML, XML, XSD, XSLT, XPath and Regular Expressions.
Expert is debugging applications using the debugging tools provided by Visual Studio.Net IDE.
Expert in HTML 5, JavaScript and J-Query
Having good experience in .NET Core
Having Knowledge in TypeScript.
Expert in developing Single Page Applications (SPA) using AngularJS
Experience in Agile methodology
Expert with Windows 7/8 and 10
Excellent in Multilingual Applications
Engaging in learning new frameworks, web standards, best practices and current web trends
Analytical, innovative and results-oriented team player. Hard working and resourceful with a commitment for excellence.

EDUCATION

Master of Science, Computer Science (2006-08).
Bharathidasan University, Trichy, India.
http://www.bdu.ac.in/

Bachelor of Science, Information Technology (2003-06).
Bharathidasan University, Trichy, India.
http://www.bdu.ac.in/

Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist: Windows & Web Application development.

CORE TECHNICAL SKILLS

Programming
Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts, ASP.NET, C#.NET, ADO.NET, SOAP, WSDL, Web Service, and SOA. .NET Framework (2.0, 3.0.4.0, 4.5), LINQ, .Net Core. ASP.NET MVC 4, 4.5, Entity Framework, WCF, REST API’S, TypeScript & Telerik Kendo UI, Crystal Reports
Languages
C#, PL /SQL, SQL, HTML 5, CSS3, XML, XSLT, J-Query, JavaScript, JSON, SASS, SCSS, NodeJS, AngularJS 1.x, Angular2 & above, Bootstrap
Databases:
MS. SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2012, Oracle & Ms. Access., MongoDB
Development Tools
Microsoft Visual Studio, Brackets, Visual Studio Code & Fiddler
Operating System:
Windows 7/8 & 10.
Productivity Tools:
TFS (Team Foundation Server), SVN, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Visio,

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Yardi Systems LLC, Dubai JAN 2019 – Till Date
Role: Technical Consultant

Analyzing user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design and technical requirements
Developing applications based on .Net Core, MVC architectural pattern.
Designing responsive web pages using Bootstrap and HTML5.
Designing and developing REST based APIs using ASP.Net Web API Framework
Implementing and maintaining best practice procedure in all areas of work
Writing clean, robust, reusable code based on object-oriented programming paradigm
Participating in technical research and analysis
Designed and developed databases for the applications in Sql Server, including triggers and stored procedures.
Designed various reports for different modules of the product.
Learning, updating and sharing the knowledge with the team on Repository pattern, C# 4.0, LINQ, Entity Framework 6.0
Frequently interacted with client and actively contributed in meetings for analysis and requirement gathering as well as feedback or any other coordination.

Voyager
(.Net HTML 5, CSS 3, jQuery, Bootstrap, Web API 2, Entity framework)

Voyager is a Property management system contains aspects of Property owner to manage their property. From Guest to lease and AP, AR Accounting etc. I am working on Middle East specific functionality and new product development.

Raqmiyat LLC, Dubai JUN 2018 – Dec-2018
Role: Senior Dotnet Developer

Analyzing user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design and technical requirements
Developing applications based on .Net Core, MVC architectural pattern.
Designing responsive web pages using Bootstrap and HTML5.
Designing and developing REST based APIs using ASP.Net Web API Framework
Used kendo UI to create UI Layer
Implementing and maintaining best practice procedure in all areas of work
Writing clean, robust, reusable code based on object-oriented programming paradigm
Participating in technical research and analysis
Designed and developed databases for the applications in Sql Server, including triggers and stored procedures.
Designed various reports for different modules of the product.
Learning, updating and sharing the knowledge with the team on Repository pattern, C# 4.0, LINQ, Entity Framework 6.0, Kendo Ui Components
Frequently interacted with other department heads and actively contributed in meetings for analysis and requirement gathering as well as feedback or any other coordination.

Tawtheeq Online Services (https://mservices.dma.abudhabi.ae)
(.Net Core, Kendo UI, HTML 5, CSS 3, jQuery, Bootstrap, Web API 2, Entity framework)

Tawtheeq or Mservices is a system similar to Ejari in Dubai, under which the government regulates tenancy contracts to ensure transparency between the landlord and tenant and to avoid any future disputes. Introduced with the aim of streamlining all rental transactions in Abu Dhabi, Tawtheeq is a state-of-the-art digital system with a bilingual (English and Arabic) repository of all the information regarding apartments and villas for rent in Abu Dhabi. Whenever a new rental agreement is signed in Abu Dhabi, it needs to be registered with Tawtheeq, following all the necessary procedures. This system is equipped with the latest technologies to simplify the procedure and ensure the quality and accuracy of information so as to avoid any unnecessary conflicts.

AAMRO Freight & Shipping Services LLC, Dubai NOV 2016 – JUN 2018
Role: Senior Programmer

Analyzing user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design and technical requirements
Developing applications based on MVC architectural pattern.
Designing responsive web pages using Bootstrap and HTML5.
Designing and developing REST based APIs using ASP.Net Web API Framework
Used kendo UI to create UI Layer
Implementing and maintaining best practice procedure in all areas of work
Writing clean, robust, reusable code based on object-oriented programming paradigm
Participating in technical research and analysis
Designed and developed databases for the applications in Sql Server, including triggers and stored procedures.
Designed various reports for different modules of the product.
Learning, updating and sharing the knowledge with the team on Repository pattern, C# 4.0, LINQ, Entity Framework 6.0, Kendo Ui Components
Frequently interacted with other department heads and actively contributed in meetings for analysis and requirement gathering as well as feedback or any other coordination.

AAMRO ERP
(MVC 4.5, Kendo UI 4.5, HTML 5, CSS 3, jQuery, Bootstrap, Web API 2, Entity framework)

AAMRP ERP project contains different modules Admin, Accounts and HRMS. In the accounts module consists of Sales Invoice, Purchase Invoice, Cash Voucher, Journal voucher etc. Admin module is used to configure setting for other modules. It will also use to load the lookup details like address, account heads, invoice no’s etc. In HRMS module is used by the HR team for adding, managing employee leaves, visa expiry, attendance etc.

Warehouse Management Systems (WMS)
(MVC 4.5, Kendo UI 4.5, HTML 5, CSS 3, jQuery, Bootstrap, Web API 2, Entity framework)

Warehouse Management Systems (WMS) are an essential part of the supply chain in all businesses. WMS aims to control all movements with processes like receiving, put away, picking and shipping. User can Inbound and outbound order with part details and, they can able to view the pending order using the respective menus. It allows the user to find out the part details like available quantity, which bin its resides based on part no or serial no. User can view complete Bin and part details based on the search. Once the order has come, the user can able to print the pick list with respective part & BIN details. This helps the user to find the part very easily and they can print the pack list from the application

HCL Technologies LTD, Chennai FEB 2013– OCT 2016
Role: Lead Engineer

Analyzed complex Business process requirements for different modules and designed, developed and deployed several key applications to meet their goals.
Worked closely with architect in building base frame work for the application
Training new team mates on what has been achieved so far in the product and explaining in detail about the components that I am responsible for
Designing responsive web pages using Bootstrap and HTML5.
Designing and developing REST based APIs using ASP.Net Web API Framework
Designed models and dimensions for application
Performed user training by conducting presentations as well as classroom sessions to the different departments.

Web Application Projects: (MVC 4, Kendo UI, Entity framework, HTML 5, CSS 3, OO JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, LINQ, RESTful API’S.)

Finance and Resource Management System (Dec- 2014 - Oct 2016 Client: Baxter):
FARM is a Financial and Resource Management Tool, which is used to manipulate resource projects assignation details and billing information etc. This tool provides details of project billing information and the total number of resources is billing under specific projects. It provides reports based on month and year wise based on certain filters. Allow managers and PMOs to add SOW, PO and mapping resource to projects. For all the CRUD operations, the respective managers or PMOs will get notification through email.

HSN-HTML5-App-LG Connected TV: (Jun- 2014 - Dec 2014 Client: HSN)
This application provides a way, where consumers can shop online using LG Tv which supports HTML5.0. Users can interact with the application to can buy, browser through the app and view related details of the products using remote.

HSN-HTML5-App-for Dish Hopper Set Top Box: (Jan- 2014 - Jun 2014 Client: HSN [ https://www.hsn.com/ ])
Dish is a set of box application, used to shop through TV using remote control. Involved in developing Views, Controllers and Services. Provided guidance to other team members to speed up the development.

HSN (Home Shopping Network): (Jan- 2013 - Dec 2013 Client: HSN)
HSN is Online Shopping System helps in buying of goods, products and services online by choosing the listed products from website (E-Commerce site). The proposed system helps in building a website to buy, sell products or goods online using internet connection. Purchasing of goods online, user can choose assorted products based on categories, online payments, delivery services and hence covering the disadvantages of the existing system and making the buying easier and helping the vendors to reach wider market.

HTC Global Services, Chennai AUG 2011– JAN 2013
Role: Software Engineer (Web Applications and Oracle)

Developed a “Credit Verdict “web application using ASP.NET, Oracle, HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, and crystal reports in Visual studio 2010.
Developed User Interface Screens for different modules of the product.
Developed .Net assemblies and Database objects for new modules
Implemented Business and Data Access Logic for different modules of the product.
Involved in database design for different modules.
Created tables, views, stored procedures, packages and TSQL statements with Oracle 10g
Designed various reports for different modules of the product.
Created Alerts to get notified of any change being made.
Created Views to customize data being displayed.
Served as the primary resource for providing on-site as well as off-shore support for Production environments.

Web Application Projects: (ASP.NET MVC, C#.NET, SQL, HTML 5, CSS 3, OO JavaScript, jQuery, LINQ, RESTful API’S.)

Credit Verdict (Jan- 2012 - Jan 2013 Client: iScore)
CV is a credit history application which will provide the banking customers positive and negative reports. All the banks are provided their customer details to the centralized bureau by every month. Once the data is received and its processed by various engines like Matching. Once all the process is completed then the data is available for reporting. If any customer is applied for loan then the bank will use CV to get the report. Based on the credit history bank will take decision to provide loan or not.

Smart Correct (Aug- 2011 - Jan 2012 Client: iScore)
This tool is will help user to verify and do correction in the Central bureau iScore. Customer will initiate the request for the correction in the respective bank and the bank will verify and submit the request in the smart correct. Once the request is raised notification send to the approver, Then the approver will verify the data with the existing data and approve or re-route the request. Once the request is approved the latest data will be reflected in the latest report

PROPHETIC TECHNOLOGIES, Chennai JUN 2010 – JUL 2011
Role: Software Engineer (Web Applications & SQL Server)

Worked on department’s website development, maintenance and troubleshooting using ASP.NET Web forms, and C# and JavaScript.
Analyzing user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design and technical requirements
Developing applications based ASP.NET, Sql Server, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery using Visual studio 2010.
Designing web pages using HTML and CSS.
Designing and developing Web Services
Implementing and maintaining best practice procedure in all areas of work
Writing clean, robust, reusable code based on object-oriented programming paradigm
Designed and developed databases for the applications in Sql Server, including triggers and stored procedures.
Designed various reports for different modules of the product.
Created complex external assemblies using C# and .NET framework within Microsoft Visual Studio IDE.

Web Application Projects: (ASP.NET MVC, C#.NET, SQL, HTML, CSS, OO JavaScript, jQuery & Web Services.)

Trader (Jun- 2011 - Jul 2011 Client: Lalkar Group [ http://www.lalkarsecurities.com/ http://www.ifinltd.in/ ])
This website is a comprehensive trading platform with the flexibility of trading on any internet capable system. This Website is used to view the company’s live market traded data and views derivative contract. It also provides options to view market news based on various session. It would help the users to Buy and Sell the Shares and get the details of different schemes. We can also get the details about corporate info, News, Corporate Actions, Other Markets, Research, Currency, NRI Corner etc. It also provides various tools to calculate tax, returns etc. It also offers services like blogs, Chat etc.
.

Trading Website (Jul- 2009 - May 2010 Client: IFIN LTD [ http://www.ifinltd.in/ ])
It is trading website used to view various trading related information. It provides various categories like equity, Commodity & IPO. It helps the user to view New high & low, Gainers & losers of the different company shares. Shows market related news based on distinct categories. Provide options to view commodity like Gold, Silver and crude oil prices. View details of various insurance & mutual fund details which helps the user to choose the right one.

Personal Information (Nationality: Indian Marital Status: Married DOB: 11th July 1984)

References available upon request
Contact this candidate