Name: Varun
Email: adrexd@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 469-***-****
Java Full Stack Developer

Professional summary:
●Having over 8 years of professional experience in Cross-Platform (Web & Client-Server) application development and design using Object-Oriented Programming, Core Java, J2EE technologies.
●Experience working in environments using Agile (SCRUM) and Test-Driven development (TDD) methodologies.
●Expertise in java 8 features such as Lambdas, Parallel Streams, filters & functional interfaces.
●Have strong exposure and work experience on core java concepts collection API, Stream API, Parallel Streams, exception handling, Multithreading, HashMap, concurrency, JDBC, modularity, executor service, fork and join frameworks.
●Strong understanding of Microservice patterns -Hystrix, Aggregator, Proxy chaining.
●Implemented various Design patterns (Session Façade, Value Object, DAO, DTO, Command, Singleton, Factory, Adapter, MVC, Service Locator etc.) using J2EE technologies.
●Designed and developed J2EE MVC applications using Struts, Spring MVC and Spring Boot.
●Strong experience in Spring modules -Spring MVC, IOC, AOP, JDBC, JTA, IO, Spring Boot, Spring Microservices, Spring REST, Spring Eureka, Spring Ribbon, Spring Netflix, Spring Zuul.
●Strong experience on RESTful APIs & SOAP web services.
●Expertise in Hibernate, Spring, EJB (Entity Session Message Driven Bean), Ajax, Java Beans, JNDI, JMS, Java Mail, XML, Sockets using IDE’s like Eclipse.
●Experience in designing and developing middleware components for embedded systems, using C, C++, STL, multi-threading (POSIX), Boost libraries and design patterns.
●Expertise in Programming with JDBC, EJB, JNDI, JMS, Servlets, JSP and Custom tags using Struts framework.
●Skilled in developing User Interfaces using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Ajax, AngularJS, Angular, ReactJS framework.
●Experience in database development and implementation using different RDBMS such as Microsoft SQL Server, ORACLE, MySQL, PostgreSQL and DB2 and NoSQL databases such as MongoDB, Cassandra.
●Experience in JMS over messaging to exchange the information in more reliable and asynchronous way in enterprise Applications. Used Apache Active MQ, Rabbit MQ, AMQP as JMS provider.
●Solid experience in Linux/Unix and Shell Scripting & Python Scripting.
●Experienced in writing unit test cases using Junit, Testing, Mockito and Wrote JUnit Test Cases for challenging environments.
●Worked on various testing frameworks for front end/user interface like Karma, Jasmine, Jest, Mocha, Chai.
●Experience in CI CD pipelines to integrate the Java code to align with DevOps using Docker.
●Experience in Jenkins integration service for software development.
●Proficient in using Amazon Web Services AWS. Extensive experience in focusing on services like EC2, VPC, Cloud Watch, Cloud Front, IAM, S3, Amazon RDS, Elastic Cache, SNS, SQS.
●Delivered architecture designs and solutions for public, private and hybrid clouds covering the cloud architecture tiers and portfolios of cloud services IaaS, PaaS, SaaS.
●Strong experience on various version control systems like Git, CVS.
●Hands on exposure to multiple Application Servers like BEA Web Logic Application Server, Apache Tomcat, WebSphere and JBoss.
●Hands on Experience in integration with JUnit, and Log4j frameworks.
●Knowledge of using Routed Protocols like FTP, SFTP, SSH, HTTP, HTTPS and Direct connect.
●Excellent programming, analytical, problem solving and interpersonal skills with a keen understanding of business applications and a proven ability to adapt to new areas.

Technical skills:
Languages
Java 1.7/1.8, PL/SQL, SQL, UML 2.3, ECMAScript, TypeScript.
Java Technologies
J2EE, Servlets 3.1, JSP 2.1, JSF 2.2, JDBC 3.0, JavaBeans, Web Services (SOAP, WSDL, REST 2.0), Apache Kafka, AWS, XML, JSON, JMS, Spring Batch, Spring Cloud, Spring Cloud, Spring Framework, Hibernate, JDBC.
Web Technologies
DHTML/HTML, XHTML 2.0, JavaScript1.x, XML1.0, XSL, XSLT, XPATH CSS, jQuery, Angular JS, Ajax, HTML/HTML5 4/5, CSS2/3, Angular 2.x, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Redux, React JS, Node JS, MERN.
Development Tools
Eclipse, IBM RAD, JBuilder, NetBeans, MS Visual Studio, Spring Tool Suite.
Web/Application Servers
Tomcat7.x, WebLogic10.3/9.2/8.1/7.0, IBM WebSphere 7.x/8. X, JBoss, Apache Camel, WebSocket API.
Database
Oracle 11g, DB2, SQL server, PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, PL SQL, or informatica.
Platforms
Windows, Mac, UNIX, LINUX.
Testing Tools
JUnit, JIRA, Cucumber, Protractor, Jasmine, Selenium, REST Assured.
Version Control
CVS, SVN, VSS, GIT, GitHub.
Methodologies
Agile, Waterfall.
Build Tools
Gradle, ANT, Maven, Jenkins.

Professional Experience:
Sr. Java Full Stack Developer Aug 2020 – Till Date
Client: Wells Fargo, Charlotte, NC
Responsibilities:
●Involved in Requirements gathering, Analysis, Design, Development and Testing of application using AGILE methodology (SCRUM) in a Test-driven Development (TDD) approach.
●Worked on a SAFE AGILE based methodology which brings new approaches and changes to the team every PI.
●Developed and designed the web interface using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, ReactJS, and Bootstrap.
●Built the reusable service components using ReactJS Components with Object Oriented JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS3 based on the visual designs.
●Developed various ReactJS components to help build the functionality and UI behavior using JavaScript.
●Used Redux as a store for storing multiple states of a React component.
●Used Redux Thunk as a middle ware for calling the APIs and setting the states with the JSON data.
●Worked with UI designers and User experience team to define screen designs. Developed angular partials based on UI screens.
●Actively involved in coding using Java1.8, Spring 4.x to develop features from end to end.
●Designed and implemented an application using Spring Boot, Spring IOC, Spring transactions, Dependency Injection, Spring Annotations, Spring AOP, Spring Actuator, Spring Container managed transactions, Hibernate.
●Used Spring Security for authentication and authorization of users, Spring JDBC for easy database operations using JDBC template, writing row mappers and Spring Boot easy bootstrap applications from scratch.
●Implemented the authentication and authorization of the application using Spring Security and OAuth2.
●Worked on MongoDB and wrote code on find, update, save, insert data.
●Worked on data extraction in loading JSON data from the server-side content into MongoDB.
●Implemented the function to send and receive AMQP messages on RabbitMQ synchronously and asynchronously, and send JMS message to Apache ActiveMQ on the edge device.
●Implemented Zipkins for distributed Micro Service Monitoring.
●Integrated Swagger UI and wrote integration test along with REST document.
●Developed all REST APIs using Hystrix commands and Feign clients for efficient fault tolerance and handling fallback mechanisms.
●Worked with unit testing of ReactJS applications using Jest and Spring Boot applications using JUnit, Mockito and performed end to end testing using Protractor.
●Worked on Jenkins for the Continuous integration and Continuous Deployment.
●Worked on AWS Cloud watch and AWS ALB for Load balancing and also worked on ELB for the performance testing by sending 5000 requests per minute.
●Utilized AWS Services platform to upload data into AWS S3 buckets and creating EC2 instances.
●Used GitHub to maintain the version of the files.
Environment: JAVA 8, J2EE, HTML5, CSS3, AWS, jQuery, Ajax, Rabbit MQ, JSON, React JS, Spring Boot 2, Spring Hibernate 4.0, Swagger UI, Docker, Microservices, ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ, Spring Security, OAuth2, Bootstrap, RESTful web services, Web Sphere, SonarQube, Redux, Jenkins, Agile/Scrum Methodology, Maven, JIRA, JBoss, JUnit, Mockito, Jest, Protractor, Hystrix, Zipkins, TDD, MongoDB, Git, XML, LESS, Webpack, AXIOS

Client: UBS, Weehawken, NJ Apr 2019 – Jul 2020
Full Stack Java Developer
Responsibilities:
●Understand and adopt Microservices architecture to gradually replace a core monolithic application to Microservices.
●Actively participated in the Analysis, Design, Development and Testing phases of various modules.
●Expertise in spring based microservices, and enabled discovery using Eureka Server.
●Designed and developed RESTful Web Services using Spring Boot.
●Developed server-side application to interact with database using Spring Boot and Hibernate.
●Developed RESTful Services with Java using JAX-RS, Jersey and Spring Boot. Coding for consuming the REST APIs, getting JSON response and parsing them to get the required formats.
●Expertise in various components in Spring, which includes Spring IOC, AOP, Spring JDBC, Spring MVC, Spring JPA, Spring Batch, Spring Security and Spring Boot.
●Implement the technical transformation for the front-end from Angular.JS to Angular5. Developed single page applications using Angular5 Routers.
●Performed form validations using reactive forms from the Angular 5 framework.
●Created Angular5 Directives, Components, Pipes, Injectable across the whole system, such as to build the custom filter.
●Utilized the features of Angular5 to present effective web design.
●Extensively involved in upgrading the existing system from Angular 5 to Angular 7.
●Developed Single Page Applications (SPA) using Angular 5, TypeScript, HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap 3
●Used HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular5 and Bootstrap in front end.
●Worked with Angular5 Controllers, Directives, Services, Pipes, Guards, Angular Routing.
●Used Hibernate and Mark Logic, writing service methods and SQL queries, PL/SQL to interact with the Oracle DBMS.
●Managed Eureka Client, Eureka Server, Eureka Instance, Eureka Service through Spring Boot.
●Expertise in implementing Micro Services Architecture using Boot Application, Eureka Discovery Service, Eureka Client, REST, SOAP, JPA, Hibernate.
●Deploy the application on Amazon Web services (AWS).
●Use Amazon Cloud Watch to monitor AWS services & Amazon Cloud Watch logs to monitor the application.
●Hands-on experience in using message brokers such as ActiveMQ and RabbitMQ.
●Developed and performed test cases using Jasmine and Karma for front end unit testing and used the Cucumber, Protractor and Http-server for the End 2 End testing.
●Used Jenkins to execute the Maven project as well to build the version system tool
●Developed JUnit test cases for Persistence layer and Business layer to perform the unit level testing.
●Configured Log4j for adding the debugging information in the code base.
●Involved in Agile stand-up meetings throughout the project with team members on day to day basis for the update on project status using JIRA and HP ALM.
Environment: Java 8.0, Spring 4, Hibernate 4.2, Spring batch, Spring Boot, JPA, JavaScript, Angular7, HTML5, CSS3, Eclipse, Drools, JBPM, Oracle 11g, ILOG, log4j, Junit, TestNG, Selenium, EasyMock, RabbitMQ, XML, Web Services, SOAP UI.

Client: Abbvie, Vemon Hills, IL Dec 2017 – Mar 2019
Role: Java/J2EE Developer
Responsibilities:
●Involved in Requirements gathering, Analysis, Design, Development and Testing of application using AGILE methodology (SCRUM) in a test-driven development (TDD) approach.
●Developed and designed the web interface using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular 2 and Bootstrap.
●Built Components using Angular 2 and worked on Angular directives. Implemented lazy loading and Dynamic loading in the Angular routers. Worked on Typescript for building the code.
●Implemented HTTP requests using RxJS Observable library to handle multiple values over time.
●Developed prototype and project layout skeletons using Angular 2, jQuery, HTML5, and CSS3.
●Used various jQuery and Bootstrap plug-in like date picker, Bootstrap selectors.
●Implemented Microservices into existing system architecture. Developed Microservices business components and RESTful service endpoints using Spring Boot.
● Developed multiple enterprise applications using Spring Boot, Hibernate framework, Spring IOC, Spring MVC, Spring JDBC, Spring Annotations, Spring AOP, Spring Integration, frameworks, RESTful webservices.
●Implemented authentication and authorization for the application using Spring Security and Oauth2.
●Implemented Spring IOC for Dependency Injection and to make the code loosely coupled and Spring AOP for logging purposes.
●Worked on creating, retrieving, updating and deleting documents in MongoDB.
●Configured JMS server setup, DB connection setup & deployed Returned items in Web Sphere Server.
●Setup the Continuous Integration (CI) & Continuous Development (CD) for the application using Jenkins.
●Worked on Jenkins for continuous integration with Gradle and GitHub.
●Used Log4j for validate functionalities and JUnit for unit testing.
●Implemented configured JIRA issue tracking software with Agile plug-in across all the company functions.
●Used IntelliJ IDEA IDE tool for application development.
Environment: Java 1.8, J2EE, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular 2, TypeScript, Bootstrap, Spring Boot, Spring IOC, Spring MVC, Log4j, SOAP, RESTful, Microservice Architecture, XML, AWS, Mongo DB, CI/CD, Maven, IntelliJ IDE, JUnit, JMS, UNIX, Jenkins, JIRA, Log4j, Git

Client: Cigna Healthcare, Denver, CO Aug 2016 – Nov 2017
Role: Java/J2EE Developer
Responsibilities:
●Designed and developed the application using the Spring MVC architecture.
●Developed the presentation layer using Spring Framework, JavaScript, jQuery, and AJAX.
●Designed and developed web pages HTML, AJAX, JavaScript, Angular JS, bootstrap, jQuery, and CSS.
●Used JSON and Angular JS to effectively improve the performance with less coding effort and achieved many client-side validations to block unauthorized or malicious content in application forms.
●Angular JS Directives, Controllers, Filters, Services, Templates, Events, and Injectors.
●Developed UI Router to create different hierarchy structure in single page application.
●Used MVC, Value Objects, Service Locator, and Session Façade Design Patterns.
●Use Core java with Multithreading, Data Structures, Exception Handling to answer complex business requirements
●Design and Enhance Stored Procedures, complex SQL Queries for the application using PL/SQL.
●Participate in troubleshooting the bugs and debugging application to enhance overall performance.
●Implemented and designed user interface for web-based customer application.
●Interacted with Business Analyst and Business owner to give up the best designing features for the product users.
●Developed Maven scripts to build and deploy the application into WebLogic Application Server and ran Perl shell scripts and implemented auto deployment process.
Environment: Core Java, JSP, Servlets, JDBC, jQuery, JSTL, Angular JS, Bootstrap, CSS, AJAX, Splunk, Struts, MVC, JUnit, ESB
MULE, SOAP UI, Spring Tool Suite, WebLogic, Maven, SVN.

Metlife, Hyderabad, India, Bangalore, India Apr 2013 – Jul 2015
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
●Used Structs framework MVC in the development of new modules based on requirements.
●Utilized various utilities like JSP, JSTL, JavaScript, HTML, & CSS, jQuery.
●Refactored existing project to make it more RESTful and thread safe.
●Involved in the creation of dynamic web pages with the use of JSP and HTML.
●Involve in the development of front-end screen design using JSP.
●Implement client side and server-side programming using HTML and JavaScript.
●Implement Core Java technologies like Multithreading, Collections and Exception Handling to solve complex business requirements.
●Debugged Java classes used to modify web pages such as Business Objects and Data Access Objects.
●Implemented JDBC to perform the database calls from the Java layer.
●Used JDBC to persist Java Objects into the database.
●Tested many components of web application and documented my observations.
●Participated in unit testing, integration testing and installation of the system.
●Contributed to the decision making of the software and hardware requirements and tool evaluations.
●Implemented logging for the whole application using Log4j.
●Involved in daily scrum meetings, worked on the sprint tasks in the Agile Scrum development.
Environment: Core Java, J2EE, HTML, CSS, JSP, JDBC, JSP, JavaScript, jQuery, XML, JSON, Servlets, Spring Framework, PL/SQL, Hibernate, Oracle, JAXB, RESTful, Log4j.

Education:
Bachelors in Computer Science Engineer from JNTU, 2013.
Masters in Computer Science Engineer from Cleveland State University, 2016.
Contact this candidate