Name: Sravan Kumar
Email: adrhzd@r.postjobfree.com
Contact: 512-***-****

Summary:
* ***** ** ********** ** a Java Full Stack Developer in IT industry. Extensively experienced in Software Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation and Testing of Object-Oriented Applications using Java/J2EE.
Experience in working in environments using Agile (SCRUM) and Test-Driven Development (TDD) development methodologies.
Proficient in UI design, developed Front End using JSP, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Ajax, JQuery, NodeJs, ReactJs and have knowledge on BackboneJs.
Hands on experiences with Core Java with Multithreading, Concurrency, File Handling I/O, Generics, Data Structures and Collections, Garbage Collection.
Experience in java8 features like Parallel Streams, Lambdas, functional interfaces and filters.
Experience in developing, deploying, and managing N - tier, server-centric J2EE enterprise class projects using Eclipse IDE 3.x/4.x, My Eclipse 6.5, J2SE1.4/1.5/1.6 (Java 2, Applets, Swing, JDBC 3.0, RMI), J2EE 1.5 Web application technologies (Servlets 2.x, JSP 1.x/2.x, JSTL 1.2, JSF 1.x, JNDI), Enterprise application technologies (EJB 2.x/3.0, JMS).
Good experience on Design Patterns (J2EE) like Singleton, Factory, DAO, Session Facade, Front Controller, and Delegate Pattern.
Experienced in developing messaging module by using Spring JMS, Apache Camel and Rabbit MQ.
Experience in spring framework (MVC/IOC/ORM/JDBC/AOP/BATCH/WEBFLOW/Context) and Struts (MVC, architecture, interceptors, action mappings and resource bundles).
Experience in developing Micro services using Spring-Boot.
Experience in development and deployment of applications using JBoss, Web Logic Application Server, IBM WebSphere Application and Apache Tomcat.
Experience in developing SOAP based Web Services using Apache CXF and JAX-WS.
Experienced in developing Restful Services using JAX-RS specification like Jersey and Rest Easy to implement REST based Application.
Experience in using Socket Programming.
Experience in using bug/issue tracking, project Tracking and Management tool JIRA.
Experience working on Web Services SOAP & REST, JAX-WS, JAXB, WSDL and UDDI registry.
Expertise in implementing Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) using XML based Web Service such as SOAP, UDDI and WSDL.
Experience with Cloud Computing Service environment like (AWS) Amazon Web Services (EC2,
EBS, S3 and ELASTIC SEARCH).
Involved in designed fully distributed system with the use of Restful API and Micro Services.
Complete understanding of the DevOps process with continuous integration using Jenkins, JIRA, GIT, and CHEF.
Expertise in developing model components using ORM technologies like MyBatis, Hibernate
(Caching, Hibernate Template, DAO) to write Database independent persistence logic and to
Maintain portable relationships between the databases.
Have developed the micro services framework prototype with guidelines, the developers have followed as skeleton model and developed their interfaces on top of the baseline prototype.
Good experience in J2EE Testing in developing test cases with JUnit, MOCKITO for Unit testing, and logging using Log4j.
Good Experience in Mock Testing.
Experienced with RDBMS implementation and development using Oracle, My SQL, MSSQL and DB2.
Expertise in database modeling and development using No SQL Database such as MongoDB and Cassandra.
Experience in using version control and configuration management tools like GIT, SVN and CVS.
Experience in using the tools like Ant and Maven for build automation.
Extensive experience in testing on multiple operating systems including Linux, Unix, Sun Solaris, and Windows.

Technical summary:

Technologies
JSP2.1/2.0/1.2, Servlets2.x, JavaBeans, JDBC, Struts2.x/1.x, RMI, EJB3.0/2.1, Hibernate3.x/2.x, Spring2.0/1.0, Web Services, SOA, JMS1.1, SAX and DOM Parsers, AJAX, JAXB2.1/2.0, JAXP1.x, LDAP
Languages
Java (J2SE 1.7/1.6/1.5/1.4, J2EE15/1.4), SQL, PL/SQL, UML2.0
Web Technologies
HTML/DHTML, XHTML1.1, JavaScript1.x, JSON, XML1.0, XSL, XSLT, CSS, Ext JS, DOJO, Selenium, Bootstrap CSS
Development Tools (IDEs)
Eclipse, My Eclipse, RAD7.0/6.0, WebStorm, Brackets, Spring Source Tool Suite
Web/Application Servers
Tomcat7.x/6.x/5.x, WebLogic 10.3/9.2/8.1/7.0, IBM Websphere6.x/5.x/4.x, JBOSS AS 7.x
Design Patterns
MVC, Front Controller, Session Façade, Singleton, Business Delegate and DAO patterns
RDBMS
Oracle10g/9i/8i, MS SQL Server 2005/2000, MySQL5.1/4.1, DB 2 9.1/8.1/7.2, Dynamo DB
Platforms
Windows, UNIX, LINUX
Testing Tools
JUnit 4.x, Jasmine
Version Control
CVS, Rational Clear Case, PVCS
Methodologies
Agile Methodology (SCRUM), Waterfall
Build Tools
Ant 1.7, Maven 2.x

Professional experience:

Verizon - NY Jan 2020 – Present
Role: Java Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities:
Presently working as, a Full Stack Developer in building the prototype of an Enterprise product that adapts micro services architecture style. The stack consists of Node.js, React, Spring Boot, AWS, MySQL, Docker, Terraform, Kibana and Kubernetes.
Developed the functionalities using Agile Scrum Methodology.
Extensive experience in various agile methodologies like Test Driven Development (TDD).
Involved in developing UI using Spring MVC framework, JSP, JSTL, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX
Experience in Core Java concepts such as OOP Concepts, Collections Framework, and Exception Handling, I/O System, Multi-Threading, JDBC, Generics.
Extensively used core java concepts like Multithreading, Collections Framework, File I/o and concurrency.
Used React-router to route the pages on the client-side and built SPA.
Used Java8 features in developing the code like Lambda expressions, creating resource classes, fetching documents from database.
Used design patterns like Singleton, Data Access Objects, Factory and MVC patterns.
Testing and production support of core java based multithreading ETL tool for distributed loading XML data into Oracle database using JPA/Hibernate.
Created POJO’s and DAO’s for the database entities using Spring JDBC annotation mappings
Integrated with Spring Cloud projects to provide distributed tracing and other features.
Developed Microservices with spring and tested the application using Spring Boot.
Used Spring Core annotations for Spring Dependency Injection, Spring MVC for Rest API’s and Spring Boot for Microservices.
Worked in React JS for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React concepts
Wrote various types of Business rules in the excel file by using Kie Session Interface
Created Aws Lambda Function for streaming Data from Dynamo Db to MySQL Database. Developed Docker Images, Containers to support the development, testing teams and their pipelines. Performed CRUD operations on Dynamo Database and MySQL DB
Used React JS to create custom components for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format.
Used Bootstrap and React.js and Node.js in effective web design.
Developed several NPM packages that aided in the creation of AWS S3 buckets, SNS Topics, SQS queues and Integration the services with MySQL Database. Developed a Factory Payload Module to eliminate default size of Sns Messages.
Replaced the existing code base with a new logging NPM Library – Tracing Logger that improved to see the any logging or error messages of any component. The Logs can be seen using Elastic API search in built with Kibana.
Skilled in leading frameworks as React.js to build high-quality, scalable and reusable components and Front-end solution.
Used Scrum Agile methodology with regular 2-week Sprint cycles working on planned/groomed user stories. Daily Scrum, Sprint cycle Reviews, Retros and planning meetings in the presence of Product Owner, Scrum Master.
Extensively worked on Drools Rules Engine and Expectation Engine for writing Business rules validation
Involved in the development of Controllers, REST endpoints, Models and Data query using Node and graphQL Services. Ensured code quality by following peer-code reviews and writing unit test cases using Sinon and Jest.
Created the Node.js EXPRESS Server combined with Socket.io to build MVC framework from front-end side to back-end MongoDB, in order to provide broadcast service as well as chatting service
Development of cloud hosted web applications and REST APIs using Spring Boot with embedded Tomcat.
Created the React JS components and triggered Angular code to render the React components using life cycle hooks
Developed GSA, LSS and SDL using C++, Multi-threading and socket programming.
Deployed the application on Amazon Web services (AWS) and used it to provide a large computing capacity for scalable solutions.
Experience with building and deploying Microservices applications with spring boot and deploying to Dockers and containers.
Creating, Deploying and verifying various different tools that can be useful in our Microservices architecture like Service Registry and Discovery.

Environment: Agile, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, XML, DAO, POJO, JPA, JAVA, Java8, Springs (IOC, AOP, JDBC) Frameworks, Spring Boot, Microservices, Drools, JSP, Hibernate Framework, AWS, RESTful Web services, SOAP, Maven, WebSphere Application Server, Mongo DB, NoSQL, Log4j, Jenkins, JIRA, Selenium Web Drivers, Protractor, GIT, Socket Programming.

Pfizer - NY Oct 2018 – Dec 2019
Role: Java Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities:

Worked on AGILE methodology
Used agile practices and Test-Driven Development techniques to provide reliable, working software early and often.
Analyzed and designed a scalable system based on Object Oriented Concepts, OOAD and the various J2EE design patterns.
Developed java scripts for all client-side validation and developed User Interface (GUI) using JSP, CSS, JSTL, and XSL.
Developed a web application using Express for NodeJS, API handling using Restful API, data persistence and application state management is maintained across the application using react redux
Used JSTL tags for communicating between controller and JSP.
Design and implementing Model view controller (MVC) architecture using spring framework.
Wrote Hibernate classes, DAO's to retrieve & store data, configured hibernate files.
Used Eclipse IDE for application Development. Used Jenkins Jobs for build automation to compile and generate EAR and WAR files.
Developed server-side application to interact with database using Spring Boot and Hibernate.
Strong programming skills in designing and implementation of multi-tier applications using web-based technologies like Spring Boot
Fixed defects Identified in Production/ QA environments, Defects were tracked in Jira tracking Portal
Developed SNMP Manager in WinCE. At the time of development due to the scarcity of the Hardware configuration, the SNMP support was not ported in the Board-Support Package’s configuration. And hence, the SNMP was supported using the Socket Programming and C++ and following the SNMP RFC 1157 and Printer MIB 1759 specifications.
Involved in raising questions for business, getting answers from them, bug fixing, and tracking is done by JIRA.
Designed and developed Business components and Integrated with Spring framework and also developed various reusable Helper and Utility classes, which are used across all the modules of the application. Worked with Core Java technologies Collections, Serialization, Generics, Annotations and Exception Handling to implement Back-End Business Logic including Entity Beans and Session Beans.
Developed RESTful web services using JAX-RS, Apache CXF and spring frameworks and persistence using Hibernate and JPA ORM frameworks.
Jersey implementation of JAX-RS is utilized to develop RESTful Web services.
Consumed RESTful Web services (JAX-RS) provided by different vendor to use for Address verification and validation.
Involved in creating and extracting data from database using SQL Queries, PL/SQL Stored procedures, triggers, and packages on Oracle database.
Used HP Quality Center for defect tracking
Provided the technical assistance to resolve Issues identified in production and demonstrate appropriate solution to the end users.
Involved in setting up Test automation and developed cucumber feature files and used Selenium for automated testing with TestNG.
Used JIRA tool for Issue/bug tracking, monitoring of work assignment in the system.
Experience on implementation of version control software GIT repositories.
Connected to Linux servers to view application logs in order to trouble shoot application issues using putty as an interface.
Assisted Oracle DB development team in developing stored procedures and designing the database.
Used Maven for build, cruise control is used continuous building, Used SVN as version control system for source code and project documents.
Involved in developing of test procedures for unit testing and testing of the module

Environment: JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, Socket Programming, JAVA8, Spring Frameworks, Hibernate, RESTful Web services, SOAP, Maven, HP Quality center, WebSphere Application, Agile, HTML, CSS, Load Runner, Mongo DB, NoSQL, Log4j, Jenkins, JIRA, XML, JSTL JSP, JPA, LINUX, SVN.

Kroger, Cincinnati - OH Aug 2017 – Sep 2018
Role: Java Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities:
Involved in SDLC Requirements gathering, Analysis, Design, Development, testing production of application using Waterfall model.
Developed web applications with HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap.
Used JQuery for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes. Also used CSS pre-processors (SASS).
Involved in the development of presentation layer and GUI framework using HTML.
Involved in rendering additional components with custom HTML tags using React.js.
Involved in writing application-level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX
Developed code for Responsive web design in JavaScript using frameworks like React.js.
Used the Collections API, Generics, multi-threading while developing code.
Method references are used provided in Java8 to make use of methods already named
Involved in the struts upgrade to 2.X which involved in changes to action class.
Database development required creation of new tables PL/SQL stored procedures, functions, views, indexes and constraints, triggers and required SQL tuning to reduce the response time in the application.
Experience in developing LINUX shell scripts for automating deployment of applications
Developed spring middleware components for implementing business logic and Implemented SOA based architecture using web services to build a loosely coupled system.
Configured spring security in the application to secure the method calls and RESTful webservices.
Implemented JDBC API for communicating with database layer.
Responsible for installing JBoss, administering and support of staging, QA and Production environment and performed failover test. Deployed application in JBoss on UNIX.
Used RESTful for producing web services and involved in writing programs to consume the web services
Deployed the java application using Maven build script.
Used Log4j for logging various levels of information like error, info, and debug into the log files.
Used Java/J2EE Design patterns such as Singleton, Service Locater, DAO etc. and Spring IOC pattern and responses.
Performed GitHub/GitHub-Desktop bash and Terminal commands to clone, fetch, merge and push the code and created pull requests for changes that are made.
Designed enterprise API’s and involved in developing the API’s. Involved in testing API’s using Soap UI and Postman.
Implemented Swagger for the Microservices for Documenting Rest API.
Implemented Rest API Design Guidelines for the Microservices.
Involved in writing Maven scripts for automated deployment of the application and managed GitHub Projects and migrated from SVN to GitHub with merge and version and used Jenkins for continuous integration
Involved in working with the QA to assist in writing test code and debugging the defects in the application.
Responsible for making sure that all system upgrade logs were current and creating a report for management.
Assisted in designing several significant Cisco network upgrades for larger clients.

Environment: XML, JSTL JSP, Java, Spring Frameworks, Hibernate, JDBC, RESTful Web services, SOAP, Jenkins, Maven, Mongo DB, NoSQL, Log4j, Jenkins, JIRA, LINUX, UNIX, SVN, Agile waterfall, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX and GIT.

Fiserv, Chicago - IL Oct 2016– July 2017
Role: Java/J2EE Developer

Responsibilities:
Involved in Design and Development.
Developed the application using Agile Methodology.
Involved in writing the action classes and from beans for different modules using Spring MVC.
Involved in developing the applications using Spring Framework for Dependency Injection.
Involved in writing the validation rules classes for general sever side validations for implementing validation rules as per the design.
Developed back-end logic with Core Java using technologies including Collection Framework, Multi-Threading.
Worked on enhancements using JSP, Struts, database stored procedures and wrote SQL queries.
Used UI components controllers, view and routing, service modules, validations using HTML5, applying styles using CSS, used JQuery to make Ajax calls.
Used Amazon Web Services (AWS) data store for storing the records, prescriptions, bills etc. and accessed them using AWS SDK for Java utilizing NoSQL queries.
Created SOAP Web Services using WSDL, XML and SOAP for transferring data.
Configured the deployment descriptors in Hibernate to achieve object relational mapping.
Used Hibernate Cache for query to improve the application performance.
Wrote backend scripts that performed maintenance tasks on the contract data using JDBC.
Developed Stored Procedures and Triggers on Oracle Database.
Deployed AJAX call for asynchronous data retrieval from back-end.
Used Maven to build the J2EE application.
Used Validator framework for validation of client-side data and exception handling using Struts exception handler.
Worked on Web services using standard Web protocols such as XML, SOAP, and HTTP.
Involved in the Struts upgrade to 2.X which involved in changes to action class.
Migrated Jsp's from Struts1 to Struts2 eliminating custom tags.
Developing Java Web Services for different phases. Used Struts2 framework to handle application requests using SOAP web services. Implemented the data persistence using Hibernate.
Build & Deployment in WebSphere Application Server.
Understanding server configuration and diagnose problems in a time sensitive manner.
Code walks through, modules integration and unit testing.
Fix problems discovered that are within the existing system functionality (Preventive Maintenance).
Used Log4j for logging purposes.
Designed use cases, sequence and class diagrams, activities, states, objects and components. Used UML (MS Visio) for software design.

Environment: Java 1.7, Servlets, JSP, JUNIT, Spring 2.5.6/3.0, Spring ORM, Spring Form tags, JSTL, Hibernate 3.0, Oracle11g, Maven, Apache Tomcat Server, SOA, Eclipse IDE 3.7, Jasper, Log4J, Ajax, SOAP, PL/SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Swing, JSON, SVN.

Alphabet Tech Solutions Pvt Ltd - India Sep 2013 – July 2015
Role: Java/J2EE Developer

Responsibilities:
Worked on DDIKO adapter and developed an application which retrieves the prices from VIPER through TIBCO EMS
Written jdbc classes to retrieve the data from the database.
Used collections like Array List and Hash Map to store and traverse the objects.
Implemented Test cases for WARP Application.
Written SQL scripts on Sybase database.
Used Autosys for daily job scheduling.
Worked on configuration changes of VIENA in UAT

Environment: Core Java, Tibco EMS/JMS, Tibco RV, Oracle, Windows, Linux
Contact this candidate