Salvador Salazar
Software Developer
(***) ***- *814 adrz0j@r.postjobfree.com Salvador Salazar SalvadorSalazar Software Developer with strong interpersonal skills, analytical skills, and a solid ability to work independently or within a collaborative setting. A background in customer support allowed me to develop the ability to troubleshoot computer and software issues which strengthened my passion for technology and inspired the transition into web development. Excited for the opportunity to combine past experience with newly acquired technical skills to support your DevOps team and create clean functioning programs.
Technical Skills
HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, Java SE, Java EE (Servlets, JSP), MySQL, Object-Oriented Programming, Test-Driven Development, Version Control with Git, Paired Programming. Exposure to, php, angular, react.
Development Projects
IntelliFridge
Intellifridge is a food tracking app that helps users eliminate waste in the refrigerator. Users can add fridges of their choice and populate with food. our app fetches food data and alerts you by text message when your food is set to expire.Users can add each other to multiple fridge to collaborate on options ranging from dinnertime, party planning or just eliminating waste of food.This collaborative project was built using a combination of Spring, Thymeleaf, Java, Javascript, Bootstrap, HTML, CSS,Filestack API, Twilio Api and Unsplash Api. Coffee Project
The Coffee Project was a front-end web application that allowed users to add, search and remove a coffee type. The application was organized in different coffee categories.The technologies used for this application were HTML, CSS, JavaScript and GitHub.
Weather Map
The Mapbox project was a front-end web application that allowed users to search the weather by location and updated real time weather forecast for 5 days utilizing 2 separate API keys.The technologies used for this application were JavaScript, OpenWeatherApp API, Mapbox API, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap. Movie Project
The Movie project was a front-end web application that mimicked an internal enterprise level movie application which allowed users to add a new movie and modify the parameters which included the title, year, actors and description. Users can also add existing movies, remove movies and rate them as well. The technologies used for this application were JavaScript, JSON, JQuery, OMDB API, DOM, BOM, HTML, CSS. Professional Experience
Lyft,Uber -San Antonio, TX
RideShare Contractor / Apr 2016 -present
● Leveraged interpersonal skills to connect with riders and transport them to and from their desired destinations, ensuring a great customer experience.
● Analyzed routed to identify the shortest and fastest root, and demonstrated the ability to remain calm in stressful situations.
● Followed navigational directions from GPS, calculated the right fare, and executed multiple administrative tasks as required.
Kohl's Corporation -San Antonio, TX
Recovery Agent / Sep2015 - Apr 2016
● Made outbound calls to customers whose kohl's charge card has been charged off.
● Recovered company losses through negotiations and settlement options.
● Adhered to all QA and metric standards and achieved Top Monthly Incentive Performer consistently through the year. Wells Fargo Bank -San Antonio, TX
Phone Banker 2 / Jun 2013 -Feb 2015
● Assisted 60+ customers a day in resolving issues with accounts which includes reversing overdraft fees and educating customers how to best manage finances.
● Troubleshot online technical issues for customers that included password formatting, security, and basic financial education.
● Received Red Carpet winner for 3 consecutive quarters as well as top incentive quarterly performer. Volt Management Corporation - San Antonio,, TX
Customer Service Technical Advisor Tier2 / Jun 2012 - Jun 2013
● Informed customers in the technical aspects of using and troubleshooting problems with Apple Computer products such as all iterations of iPhones, iPads, iPods, and iMacs.
● Resolved billing issues for iTunes purchases and iTunes syncing and restoring issues for devices.
● Offered customer protection plans for their devices to upgrade warranty and extend phone support . Education
Codeup
Certification of Completion
Jun 2021 - Jan 2022
A fully-immersive, project-based, and intensive 22-week Full-Stack Java Career Accelerator that provides students with 670 hours of expert instruction in software development. San Antonio College
Associates Computer Science
Aug 2012 - Aug 2013
Completed 1 year of Computer Science courses involving data Structures, C++, Unix/Linux Environments .
Contact this candidate