Chandra B
Phone: 469-***-****
Email: adslfi@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary:
•5+ years of IT experience in design, development, implementation and testing of Client-Server, Web Applications using Java/J2EE Technologies.
•Experience in SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) that includes Requirements Analysis, Design, Coding, Testing, Implementation, Maintenance with methodologies like Waterfall Model and Agile Methodology.
•Experience in design and development of web-based applications using Java, JDBC, SQL, Servlets, JSTL, JSP, XML, Java-API and Spring.
•Experience in designing and developing Restful microservices using the features of Spring Boot.
•Experience in Java concepts such as Collections, Multi-threading, Synchronization, Exception Handling and OOPS concepts.
•Experience in client-side Technologies such as HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery, AJAX, JSON.
•Experience with the ORM tool Hibernate involving Connection pooling, Mappings, Transaction Management, HQL (Hibernate Query Language).
•Expertise in installing and setting up MQ monitoring tools.
•Excellent working knowledge in configuring multiple WebLogic domains including machines, manage servers, node managers, and cluster environments.
•Hands on experience with scripting languages like Unix, Linux.
•Experience in implementing SOA (Service Oriented Architecture) using Web Services (SOAP, WSDL, Restful, and JAX-WS) and REST Services.
•Experience with using Apache Tomcat Server.
•Used Maven scripts for building and deploying the application in web/App servers.
•Proficient in Design Patterns such as Spring MVC, Singleton, Session Façade, Data Access Object, Factory and Business Delegate.
•Experience in using various spring modules such as Spring MVC, Spring Batch, Spring DAO/ORM, Spring Transaction handling, Spring AOP, Spring JMS and Spring Context.
•Hands on experience in building an enterprise scale highly componentized application using Angular Java Script
•Experience in implementing CI/CD and test-driven development using Jenkins.
•Proficient in writing SQL and PL/SQL queries, Stored Procedures, functions, and triggers in Oracle, MS-SQL, and MySQL.
•Good experience in using ANT and Maven Build tools, JUnit for performing Unit testing and Log4j for logging.
•Experience in designing and developing Amazon EC2, Amazon S3.
•Worked with version control systems like GIT and SVN.
•Worked on BDD Cucumber/Gherkin format for Test Scenarios using Acceptance Test criteria.

Education: Bachelors in Computer Science Engineering from India.

Technical Skills
Programming Languages Java/J2EE, C, SQL, PL/SQL
J2EE Technologies Servlets, JSP, EJB, JMS, JSF, JDBC, JNDI, Web Services, Spring.
Web Technologies HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSP, AngularJS, AJAX, JSON, XML.
Frameworks Spring Boot, Spring, Struts, Hibernate, Angular-JS
XML/Web services REST, SOAP, Apache-CXF, Jersey, JAX-WS, JAX-B, DOM.
IDE Eclipse, Visual Studio, MYSQL Workbench, SQL Developer
Databases MySQL, Oracle 10g, MS-SQL.
Methodologies Agile, TDD and Waterfall
Web/Application Servers Tomcat, WebLogic, WebSphere
Operating systems Windows 8/10, Unix, Linux
Version Controls GIT, SVN
Testing/ Debug Tools JUnit, SoapUI, Postman, Selenium, Protractor, Log4J, BDD

Professional Experience:

Client: Comcast, Pittsburgh, PA Oct 2021 to till date
Role: Java Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities:

Reviewed design documents & business requirements to learn the functionality and scope of the application.
Involved in SDLC requirements Gathering, Analysis, Design, Development of different Microservices.
Developed various Java Bean components for implementing business logic.
Used Maven to build the project and JUnit to develop the unit test cases.
Involved in Configuration and Usage of Apache Log4J for logging and debugging purposes.
Used Version of control (SVN) for creating the project structure and version controlling.
Used VersionOne for tracking of all the defects in the various environments.
Developed various Restful microservices to build business functionality using Spring Boot.
Wrote Hibernate Configuration file, hibernate mapping files and define persistence classes to persist the data into Oracle database.
Developed Controller for request, response paradigm by Spring Framework Controller using Spring-MVC.
Worked with latest Java 8 features like Date API and Streams.
Developed a tool to retrieve and send data to third party service provider by implementing RESTful web services to client applications.
Used Hibernate as the ORM mapping tool and worked with Hibernate Query Language (HQL).
Implemented caching techniques, wrote POJO classes for storing data and DAO's to retrieve data and did other database configurations using spring configuration file.
Analyzing and solving performance, transactional, Multithreading and Java memory issues.
Experienced in deploying the applications on AWS EC2 instances.
Implemented the Model View Control (MVC) structure and Developed Microservices using Spring Boot that create, update, delete and get the assignment information from backend.
Involved in application migration from older server environments to newer server environments providing high availability and accessibility.
Used Apache tomcat and WebLogic as an application server to deploy various components of application.
Involved in performance tuning of JVM and used Garbage Collection Algorithms for better performance.
Extensively worked with Java Collections like List, Set etc.
Used Maven to build and deploy the application and used Jenkins as Continuous Integration platform (CI/CD) to setup the automated builds.
Worked with Angular 2 to develop single page applications, worked with ngrx for managing Angular applications.
Implemented Behavior driven development (BDD) framework using Cucumber.
Performed BDD (Behavior Driven Development) with Data Driven Test Automation Framework using Cucumber Features, Scenarios and Step Definitions in Gherkins format.
Involved database design and responsible for creating and modifying Database objects. Involved in building and maintaining cloud-based infrastructure on AWS.
Integrated Hibernate with Spring by coding a Spring Configuration file.
Provide support to the Clients in all phase of testing, project release and deployment activities and documented the flow and functionality of the code for further reference.
Used Maven as build tool in this application.

Environment: Java8, Agile (SCRUM), JAX-WS and JAX-RS, SOAP, REST, Eclipse, Spring, Oracle 10g, HTML5, CSS3, Node JS, Angular 2, JavaScript, AWS, BDD, Log4j, JUnit, Maven, Jenkins, VersionOne, Selenium, Tomcat, WebLogic 12.1.3, GitLab
Client: Vanguard, Malvern, PA Jan 2021 to Sep 2021
Role: Java Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities:

Involved in Requirements gathering, Designing, Coding, Unit testing and Integration Testing phases of the project.
Developed RESTful microservices using Spring REST and MVC, and Consumed REST based with Rest template based on RESTful APIs.
Involved in developing code for obtaining bean references in spring framework using Dependency Injection (DI) or Inversion of Control (IOC).
Used Spring JDBC and Spring JPA to manage Data Access with DAO design pattern.
Used Spring Boot and developed the application as microservices.
Developed Spring Batch processing java application to read different file formats which feeds to the database.
Created builds using Maven and pulled the project code from GitHub repositories.
Coded various business process methods required for creation of Web Services related to customer information and provider information, using JAX-WS, SOAP, WSDL and JAX-RS, REST web services.
Integrated Spring with Hibernate as the data abstraction to interact with the databases.
Implemented Singleton, Factory, DAO design Patterns based on the application requirements.
Analyzed the Maven dependency management in base code to annotate the dependencies on to Spring Boot application for Micro Services.
Consumed and built web services in SOAP, REST supporting both XML and JSON by taking advantage of Spring technologies.
Developed the Presentation layer using HTML 5, JavaScript, and used AJAX/ jQuery based rich UI for improved customer experience.
Developed single page application by using Angular JS.
Developed Session Beans to process user requests and to load and store information from database
Worked with Amazon AWS EC2 and S3 buckets.
Used GIT for version control and Jenkins used for continuous integration.
Used Log4J for logging and Splunk for debugging the application issues.
Developed Controller for request, response paradigm by Spring Framework Controller using Spring-MVC.
Developed a tool to retrieve and send data to third party service provider by implementing RESTful web services to client applications.
Used HTTP methods (GET/ POST/ PUT/ DELETE) to manipulate the resource or collection of resources.

Environment: Java8, Agile (SCRUM), JAX-WS and JAX-RS, SOAP, REST, IntelliJ, Spring, Spring boot, Oracle 10g, HTML5, CSS3, Angular 2, JavaScript, AWS, BDD, Log4j, JUnit, Maven, Jenkins, Radar, Postman, Splunk, Selenium, Tomcat, GitHub

Client: Indus Infotech, India July 2017 to Nov 2020
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
•Technical design, review, and implementation across the project. Developed UML diagrams like Use case, class and sequence diagrams.
•Designed and developed the application using agile Methodology and followed TDD, Scrum, pair programming.
•Interacted coordinated with the Design team, Business analyst and end users of the system.
•Designed and developed the project using MVC design pattern.
•Used JSP, JavaScript, JSTL, and Validations provided by jQuery.
•Deployment of Application in the Tomcat Server environment using Maven tool.
•Implemented caching techniques, wrote POJO classes for storing data and DAO's to retrieve data and did other database configurations using spring configuration file.
•Involved in Configuration and Usage of Apache Log4J for logging and debugging purposes.
•Use of OOPs concept and other core java concepts like multithreading/concurrency, inheritance etc. in development.
•Responsible for creating, reading, updating, and deleting tables in the database as per requirements.
•Involved in connecting database with Servlets and JDBC.
•Designed JSON responses according to the request, send it back to the front end after the logic processing.
•Developed JSP pages and the view and controller related files using the Spring Web MVC framework.

Environment: HTML, CSS, SQL, Ajax, JSON, XSLT, JSP, JSTL, Servlets, JDBC, Hibernate, JavaScript, Jenkins, Agile, jQuery, WebSphere, Oracle and Junit, Maven, Spring MVC, Spring Dependency Injection, Unix.
Contact this candidate