*

SANA KAUSER
A resourceful individual with experience in Design and Development .seeking a challenging and competitive position in an organization where I can assist the client in the development of business processes and policies.

SUMMARY

With 3 years of IT experience (includes training) in analysis, design, development, documentation, implementing and testing of software systems.
• Strong Knowledge on Application Development and testing using Software Development Life Cycle SDLC using various methodologies with specific focus on the build, release, customization, and maintenance of quality software.
• In-depth technical strengths and business understanding for full-cycle project and post-implementation problem-solving requirements.
• Knowledge in Front-Back-End web technology HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript frameworks - jQuery, Angular, PHP, Laravel, React CodeIgniter, WordPress, MySQL.
• Function of Project Life Cycle involving Initiation & Feasibility Study, Business Function Study, Requirement Finalization, and Monitoringuntil timely & quality-based delivery & closure.
• Proficient in interacting and managing relationship with Vendors (Internal & External) and Clients, to create business value in future.
• Cohesive Team Player with Fast Learning Curve along with strong analytical, problem solving, innovation, planning, organizational, communication & interpersonal skills.

PROJECT PROFILE
Worked in INDIA at LIVASYS.
Role : Software Developer
Environment: PHP, WordPress (Code Igniter, Laravel), MySQL.
Description: Livasys one of the most effective Web Design & Development Company in Hyderabad & Manchester. Help Build Your Brand's Powerful Identity With Creative Websites.
Responsibilities:
●Worked on Multiple Project with the development team to Design and Develop of project from End-End as per the need of company.
●Involved in liaising with the Business Analysts and Development Managers to ensure software projects meet requirements.
●Client handling by Schedule regular meetings .Create plans to address clients' business needs. and a desire to develop new
bold ideas
●Modify Databases according to requests and perform tests. with an optimized Database, Troubleshooting application and Code Issues.

Worked in QATAR at Brand Centre Group.
Role : Web Developer
Environment: Magneto, PHP (CodeIgniter),MySQL.
Description : Brand center is a Turkish company. It is a home for many brands specialized in modern style furniture. Making a website for the marketing of the product.
Responsibilities:
●Building e-commerce websites by using magneto 2.
●Meeting with the development team to discuss the need of company.
●Designing themes, interface, module and working on templates.
●Setting performance tasks and goals.
●Troubleshooting integration issues during the process of making of website.

Intern at Ruchi web Solution
Role : Web Developer
Environment: Angular6, php (Laravel), MySQL.
Description : Developed dynamic blogger website using Angular with PHP for web services and MySQL for database.
Responsibilities:
●Collaborating with the development team to write code to enhance web applications based on client requirements.
●Working on designing and developing using NodeJS, MySQL.
●Coordinating with the testing team to write scripts for unit tests for different modules.
●Escalating complicated errors, logical faults, and other project problems to the senior programmer or development team

Training at Vertlink Tech Role : Web Developer Environment : Java, Jsp, Servlets, MySQL Description: The objective of the project was to develop Concealed Data Aggregation Scheme for Multiple Applications in Wireless Sensor Networks
Responsibilities:
●As a developer, my role was to define the project objectives by analyzing the user requirements.
●To demonstrate expertise and add valuable input throughout the development lifecycle
●Responsible for the project handling process by Improving the code quality and making sure the data sent should be correct.
●Completing the development of applications by contributing to team meetings. Review of current systems and suggesting updates as needed.

ACADEMICS

●B.Tech, Jawaharlal Nehru University, India (2016) Hyderabad.

E-MAIL ID: adt4u4@r.postjobfree.com
MOBILE:
+974-********
+919*********

LINKEDIN ID:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sana-kauser-45012919a/

KEY SKILLS
PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, SQL, JAVA, J2EE, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Node JS, Ajax, Laravel, CodeIgniter, WordPress, Magento, Project Management and Software Development.
Database Managements Systems: Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB
Software Tools: MS Office, FileZilla Eclipse, Visual Studio, Photoshop, GitHub, Canva Dreamweaver and Wow slider, Canva.

Frameworks: Angular/AngularJs, Code igniter, Reactjs, Laravel JQuery, Bootstrap.

Operating System Platforms: Windows 7/8/10.


PERSONAL DETAILS:
Date of birth: 07-11-1993
Languages know: English
Marital Status: Married
Location : Hyderabad
Contact this candidate