Professional Summary

**+ years of work experience as a Java/J2EE programmer, developing applications using Servlets, JSP, JSTL, RMI, EJB, Struts, Spring, JSF, Java Beans, JDBC, JMS, Hibernate and MVC architecture.
Experience in client design and validations using HTML, Java Script, AJAX, JSP, and Swing.
Extensive knowledge of J2EE architecture, Patterns, Design and development.
Experience on Core java technology including multithreading, JDBC, RMI, and network programming
Experience in the functional usage and deployment of applications in JBoss, WebLogic, Portlets, WebSphere and Apache Tomcat Server.
Extensive experience and actively involved in Requirements gathering, Analysis, Design, Coding and Code Reviews, Unit and Integration Testing.
Expertise in DB2and also extensively worked with Oracle 11g/10g/9i/8i, SQL Server 2000, MySQL relational database management systems.
Experience in designing Use Cases, Class diagrams, Sequence and Collaboration diagrams for multi-tiered object-oriented system architectures utilizing Unified Modeling Tools (UML) such as Rational Rose, Rational Unified Process (RUP) Working knowledge of Agile Development methodologies.
Experience in working on applications using Java 11, Angular 10, Snowflake, Debezium.
Experience in writing and executing unit test cases using JUnit Testing Framework.
Knowledge on Business logic integration like DROOLS.
Worked on Agile methodology, SOA for many of the applications
Extensive knowledge of Client–Server technology, web-based n-tier architecture, Database Design and development of applications using J2EE Design Patterns like Singleton, Session Facade, Factory Pattern and Business Delegate.
Good knowledge of EJB Session beans with JNDI mapped naming &JMS message-driven beans and Linux operating systems.
Experience in using Oracle ADF(Application Development Framework)
Strong analytical, interpersonal and communications skills. Demonstrated track record of analyzing situations, implementing solutions in a fast paced environment.
Knowledge in open source, commercial or lightweight custom implementations of Access Management Systems
Proficient in designing, integrating, troubleshooting and debugging and implementing web apps with large scope reporting requirements and DMS.

Education:
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E), A.U- Vishakapatnam, India.

Technical Skill Set
Core Technologies J2EE, JSP, Servlet, Web Services, JDBC, MVC, JSTL, DOM, CSS.
Java Frameworks Swing, Spring, Spring Web flow, OpenStack, Spring Batch, JUnit, Hibernate
IDE / Tools IntelliJ, Eclipse, RAD, NetBeans, TDD, Toad.
Languages Java 11, XML, XSD, XSL, JavaScript, RCP, AJAX, JQuery, SQL
Script Languages HTML, JavaScript, XML, UML, SAML
Application Servers IBM Websphere, BEA Weblogic Server, JBoss, Apache Tomcat,
Apache Axis, Apache Camel, Pluto.
Web Services UDDI, WSDL, SOA, SOAP, REST
Build Tools Shell Scripts, JavaScript, Ant, Maven 2.2, Bamboo
Databases Oracle 11g, MS SQL Server, MySQL, DB2.
Operating System Windows 2000/NT/XP, Linux, UNIX, and Mac OS.
Design &Control UML, Rational Rose, CVS, ClearCase.

Professional Experience

OPTUM, EDENPRAIRIE MN Mar’16 – Till Now
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) as requirement gathering, data modeling, analysis, architecture design & development for the project.
Implemented Agile (Scrum) Methodology that includes daily scrum with team.
Developed user interface using AngularJs, HTML5, CSS3 and JSP
Developed the application using Hibernate and Spring Framework.
Worked on developing widgets on different Applications by using Spring Boot, GIT, Openshift, Dockers and Cloud.
Worked on Switching on and off the Widgets by using Togglz Framework.
Worked on consuming the RESTFUL and SOAP Web Services.
Used SOAP UI for creating test data and mocking the service.
Developed presentation layer using Spring MVC and used annotation-based mapping to map the JSP post backs to the controller methods.
Building the Project development environment in STS, JBoss Developer and IntelliJ.
Used different servers like Tomcat, WebSphere, NGINX and PIVOTAL as Web/Application Servers for building and deploying applications.
Worked on DEV/TEST Environments and Used GRADLE, MAVEN and ANTHIL PRO for building the Web/Application Servers.
Used Hibernate to communicate with the Database, mapping the entities to the tables and corresponding columns in the database by using Hibernate annotations.
Developed HQL queries to implement the select, insert, update and delete operations to the database by creating HQL named queries.
Implemented core and J2EE design patterns.
Used SVN and GIT as Version Control Management tool
Involved in writing JUNIT and Spec Tests.
Used JAVA 11 and GROOVY for developing different Applications.
Used Angular 10 to build the web applications.
Involved in writing PL/SQL stored procedures, functions, tuning SQL Queries and Procedures.
Used DbVisualizer and MySQL database tools.
Used Jmeter tool to cater the performance Testing needs of different applications.
Used SharePoint as secure place to store, organize, share, and access Application information.
Used ALM tool for Tickets and Involved in Regression and UAT Defects and fixed several Defects.
Worked on different platforms like Windows and Mac.

Environment: Java 11, Spring, Hibernate, JSP, JSTL, XML, HTML5, CSS, Java Script, AngularJs 10, Nginx, Pivotal, SOAP, RESTful web services, JMS, MDB, Hibernate, JAXB, Web services, GRADLE, Junit, JDBC, UML, Log4j, JUnit, SQL, PL/SQL, TOAD and Oracle v9i, LDAP.

APPLE, SUNNYVALE CA June’15 – Feb’16
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Responsible for writing J2EE compliant java code for application development effort which involved working with JSP, Servlets, JDBC, XML, EJB, etc.
Design and Development of Objects using Object Oriented Design in Java.
Preparing the migration document for migrating application from Struts to Spring and Responsive web designing the application
Develop the changes using JSTL, JQuery, JCP, JSP, Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring JDBC, Web services
Configure beans in spring configuration file with Spring IOC, Spring AOP concepts.
Experienced in developing SOAP-based Web Services and Web Service Clients (JAX-WS, SOAP, WSDL and JAXB)
Worked on XML Technologies like XML Parsers, JAXB for binding data to java objects
Developed the Spring AOP Programming to configure logging for the application
Implemented JMS for notifications and testing with JUnit, Mock cases.
Wrote JUNIT Test cases for Spring Controllers and Web Service Clients in Service Layer using Mockito
Configured Hibernate second level cache using EHCache to reduce the number of hits to the configuration table data
Designed the application by implementing Struts based on MVC Architecture, simple Java Beans as a Model, JSP UI Components as View and Action Servlet as a Controller
Developed Web logic container security components for adding vendor specific Security Realm to application using JMX
Creation of scripts for generation of reports. Implemented test cases for Unit testing of modules using TestNG
Have extensive experience in building and deploying applications on Web/Application Servers like Apache Tomcat
Experienced in Performance Tuning, Load Balancing and optimization of WebLogic Application Server
Used JMS with Web Logic Application server
Implemented application level persistence using Hibernate and spring.
Developed user interface using JSP, HTML, XHTML, XSLT and Java Script to simplify the complexities of the application.
Highly skilled in using Version Control Management tools like SVN, CVS, and GIT

Environment: JSP, JQuery, JSON, Spring IOC, Spring MVC, Spring AOP, Spring ORM, JAXB, XML, JAX-WS, SOAP Web Services, RESTful web services, JMS, MDB, Hibernate, JMX, EHCache, JUnit, Mockito, TestNG, Maven, GIT, Oracle, Tomcat, WebLogic

T-MOBILE, BELLEVUE, WA Dec’14 – June’15 Role: Sr. Java/J2EE Developer
Responsibilities:
Worked as a Senior Web Solutions Consultant and led the design and implementation for the project.
Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) as requirement gathering, data modeling, analysis, architecture design & development for the project.
Followed AGILE Methodology and participated in SCRUM Meetings.
Developed user interface using JSP with Java Beans, JSTL and Custom Tag Libraries and Ajax to speed the application.
Consumed RESTful Web Services from third party for authorizing payments from Customer.
HTML5, CSS and JQUERY in the development of UI panels in front end of the application.
Implemented various design patterns in the project such as Business Delegate, Data Transfer Object, Data Access Object, Service Locator.
Design and implementation of business logic and data processing routes using Apache Camel.
Used web servicing systems like Spring REST.
Worked on setting up cloud environment and supported Amazon AWS services like EC2, S3, VPC, RDS etc.
Added dynamic functionality to the application by implementing JQuery and Angular JS.
Used Chef for software configuration management and version control.
Designing, implementing, testing, and supporting integrations with cloud environments, especially VMware and OpenStack.
Support and developed web applications and services related to identity management, understand LDAP for their use in developing/supporting Identity management applications.
Used Jenkins and Maven to manage automated builds from SVN and to track promotion status.
Created the Technical Details Document containing the design details, development and deployment documents on wiki.
Extensive usage of JQuery, AJAX, Angular JS, display tag,Table decorators, Direct Web Remoting, CSS, Bootstrap providing ability generate dynamic form element for adding expense, table sorting, search filters, auto expansion text, pagination.
Design and development of Invoice generation via email and printer using Jasper Reports.
TDD in writing the test, implementation code, run all tests for improving design of code.
Developed different modules of the application using Eclipse.
Worked on Schema design, created database tables, triggers, and views, JMS, XSLT, XHTML, Hibernate Configuration and Mapping, Spring Configuration, DAOs, Services, Controller, Validator.
Involved in writing PL/SQL stored procedures, functions, tuning SQL Queries and Procedures.

Environments: Java, Python, Swing, J2EE,Spring, Hibernate, Spring Web flow, Spring Batch Admin, Spring security, TDD, XML, XSLT, Angular js, OC4J, Tomcat, SVN, Ant, Maven, RCP, Oracle 11, Eclipse RCP, JQuery, PL/SQL, DWR,SQL developer,Git,Linux,Quartz, Jasper Reports, Bamboo (Continuous Integration tool) .

SENTIGY, HOUSTON, TX Aug’14 – Nov’14
Role: Sr. Java Developer.
Responsibilities:
Designed and developed all frontend and backend modules required for the integration.
Involved in Writing Use Case Documents, UML diagrams and Project Design Documents using Rational rose.
Prepared query log for the initial requirement gathering.
Implemented Spring MVC with the application.
Implemented Spring AOP for declarative transaction management.
Implemented Spring ORM for integrating Hibernate ORM tool.
Implemented Spring’s dependency injection for all the DAO’s, Service Beans.
Developed Ant scripts for building the project.
Building the Project development environment in Eclipse IDE and debugging the application using Eclipse.
Used session beans and Entity beans for business logic.
Implemented core and J2EE design patterns.
Used CVS for version control
Involved in writing JUNIT test cases.
Implemented multithreading in the ORDER PROCESS SYSTEM.
Involved in writing PL/SQL stored procedures, functions, tuning SQL Queries and Procedures.
Implemented Agile Software methodology for this application.
Implemented SOA (Service oriented Architecture, WSDL, SOAP and UDDI), Consuming Web Services using Apache AXIS 2 Web Services deployment engine to improve the scalability of application.
Design and implementation of business logic and data processing routes using Apache Camel.
Involved in the detecting the code redundancy thus improving the application performance.

Environment: Java, Jdk 1.5, JSP, Spring 3.6, Hibernate, Servelets, EJB3, CSS, Eclipse 3.4,Weblogic Application Server 8.1, CVS, ANT, JDBC, XML, UML, Log4j, JUnit, SQL, PL/SQL, TOAD and Oracle v9i, LDAP, MDB, JAXB, JAX-WS.

VANGUARD GROUP. WAYNE, PA Feb’13 – Aug’14
Role: Java/J2EE Developer
Responsibilities:
Implemented Agile (Scrum) Methodology that includes daily scrum with team.
Developed the application using Hibernate and Spring Framework.
Developed presentation layer using Spring MVC and used annotation based mapping to map the JSP post backs to the controller methods.
Spring AOP is used for Security and Transaction Management.
Developed Rich user interface using HTML5, JSF, JSP, XSLT, and CSS3.
Configured JBoss Application server and deployed the web components into the server using Oracle as Backend database.
Used Hibernate to communicate with the Database, mapping the entities to the tables and corresponding columns in the database by using Hibernate annotations.
Developed HQL queries to implement the select, insert, update and delete operations to the database by creating HQL named queries.
Worked with Oracle PL/SQL queries, Triggers and Stored procedures.
Used Elvyx, a tool designed to monitor and profile the JDBC activity used to locate and fix performance issues.
Improved the performance by using Connection Pooling to maintain the database connections within the session and reduce the number of transactions with the database.
Involved in performance tuning by reviewing the code to reduce the number of database calls and tuning the SQL and HQL queries to get optimized performance.
Used JAXB for marshalling and unmarshalling.
Used Spring Web services for communication with STAR and BOBJ.
Used Firebug to inspect, edit and monitor CSS, HTML, JavaScript and Net requests in any web page
Used Maven to build and deploy the application.
Used PUTTY for Unix login, to run the batch jobs and check the server logs.
Involved in performing Integration testing of the whole application.
Used JUnit with JMock for unit testing.
Was responsible for updating the defects status in a daily based QA status meeting.

Environment: Java 1.6, Spring 3.0, Hibernate 3.2, Oracle 10g, JSP, JSTL, XML, HTML5, CSS, Java Script, WebLogic Application Server, Eclipse 3.0, JAXB, Web services, Maven, JUnit, Velocity, Firebug.

Client: Human Service Department State of New Mexico, Santa Fe, NM May’12 - Feb’13
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Designed and developed application based on Spring Framework and using Hibernate for persistence.
Worked on Schema design, created database tables, triggers, and views, JMS, XSLT, XHTML, Hibernate Configuration and Mapping, Spring Configuration, DAOs, Services, Controller, Validator.
Led the design and development of the application which served as one click solution for Insurance Financial Services users to generate Invoices via print and email attachments, providing capability to generate various financial reports in MS word / PDF format used by executive registrar office with a flexibility to pull data through student accounts Care core database.
Used web servicing systems like Spring REST.
Worked on setting up cloud environment and supported Amazon AWS services like EC2, S3, VPC, RDS etc.
Added dynamic functionality to the application by implementing JQuery.
Used Chef for software configuration management and version control.
Designing, implementing, testing, and supporting integrations with cloud environments, especially VMware and OpenStack.
Used Jenkins and Maven to manage automated builds from SVN and to track promotion status.
Created the Technical Details Document containing the design details, development and deployment documents on wiki.
Extensive usage of JQuery, AJAX, display tag,Table decorators, Direct Web Remoting, CSS, Bootstrap providing ability generate dynamic form element for adding expense, table sorting, search filters, auto expansion text, pagination.
Design and development of Invoice generation via email and printer using Jasper Reports.
Environments: Java, Python, Swing, J2EE,Spring, Hibernate, Spring Web flow, Spring Batch Admin, Spring security, XML, XSLT, OC4J, Tomcat, SVN, Ant, Maven, RCP, Oracle 11, Eclipse RCP, JQuery, PL/SQL, DWR,SQL developer,Git,Linux,Quartz, Jasper Reports, Bamboo .

OSI Technologies, Hyderabad, India August’11 – May’12
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Worked with business and user groups to identify and implement functional enhancements and new requirements.
Extensively used XSL as a XML parsing mechanism for showing Dynamic Web Pages in HTML format.
Developed complex intra Portlet communication across web applications using cooperative Portlets. Developed simple Portlet messaging on a single page using Portlet API.
Used Portal Enable, Portal Extend for personalization, content publishing, document management, productivity functions along with the scalable portal framework.
Extensively used Portal toolkit plug-in for creating, testing, debugging and deploying individual Portlets.
Involved in the development of Standard XML reports using the Xalan parser and XSLT style sheets.
Developed billing system pages using Struts Framework and written some of the custom tags.
Used Spring IOC and MVC for enhanced modules.
Implemented SOAP protocol to get the requests from the outside System.
Used Rational Clear Case as a source control for code changes.
Followed coding and documentation standards.
Involved the writing SQL quarries and Joins.
Used Rational Clear Quest to document and track issues and resolutions.
Provided development support for System Testing, Product Testing, User Acceptance Testing, Data Conversion Testing, Load Testing, and Production.
Involved in configuration and deployment of application on Web Logic server.
Environment: Java, J2EE, J2EE architecture, Servlets, JSP, Struts, Web services, Portals, Hibernate, XML, HTML, Java Script, SOAP, RAD, Ant, Log4J, Oracle, Web Logic server, Clear Case, Linux.
Contact this candidate