Sanjana Balachandra Sanil
Email Address : adu5i0@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile : 992*******

Career Objectives:
To facilitate the organization in its growth and development with focus on its goals and objectives
by putting extremely sincere and dedicated hard-work in harmony with others.

Educational Qualification:

Exam Passed Institution Year of Passing Percentage

T.Y.Bcom(Banking Vivek College of 71
2013-2014
and Insurance) Commerce
Vivek College of 66.83
H.S.C 2010-2011
Commerce

S.S.C St. Blaise High School 2008-2009 79.84

Course Certifications:
• Programming in C# and SQL Server 2012 from Aptech Computer Education
• Maharashtra State Certificate in Information Technology (MSCIT) with 93%
• Programming in Java and PHP from Aptech Computer Education

Technical Skills:
Programming Languages : PHP, ASP.NET, Javascript.
Web Technologies : Html, CSS, Jquery, Ajax, Json, MVC, Bootstrap.
Database : MYSQL, SQL Server.
Operating system : Windows.
Framework : Laravel.
Version Control Tool : Git, SVN.
Debugging and Testing.
Work Experience:
1. December 2014 till July 2017 in Shriya Innovative Solutions Pvt. Ltd as Mobile Application Developer.
2. January 2018 till April 2020 in Nevon Solutions Pvt. Ltd as Software Developer.
3. June 2020 till November 2020 in Gray Matrix Solutions Pvt. Ltd as Assistant System Analyst.
4. March 2021 till present in Capgemini Technology Service India Ltd. as Consultant.

Project Details:

1. My Legal Net
Technologies : HTML, CSS, Javascript, Jquery, Integrated Web Services.
Role : Designing and Development.
Description : My Legal Net is an easy to use cloud case management software help you to
manage clients, cases, appointments, documents, messages, invoicing and
expenses.

2. Nevon Express
Technologies : PHP, MySQL, Javascript, Jquery, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap.
Role : Designing and Development.
Description : Nevonexpress.com is an online wholeseller of electronics and mechanical parts
devices & machines which is sold all over the world. Login, sign up, forgot password,
displaying list of all components named with its category page, description of the
product with its price, quantity, stock. Users can add to cart, check cart items and
purchase products, view orders and its related products.

3. Human Resource Management
Technologies : PHP, MySQL, Javascript, Jquery, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap.
Role : Designing and Development.
Description : This software application is created to be incorporated into the Automation of
HR Software for helping the organisation needs with respect to skillful Human
Resource. This system provides detailed general information about the Employee
which also includes Leave Management, Resignation, Payroll, Task, Asset
Management, Claims and Expenses, Job Details. All the Employee and Company
Details are secured with Encryption Algorithm.

4. Simply123 Bookkeeping
Technologies : PHP(Laravel 7 Framework), MySQL, Javascript, Jquery.
Role : Development.
Description : A simple to use cloud based bookkeeping software which provides a easy dashboard,
income, expenses, invoices, purchase orders, bookmarks, manage categories and
contacts, forgot password, change password.
5. PEPSI
Technologies : PHP, MySQL, Javascript, Jquery.
Role : Development.
Description : The application is used by different profiles for different purposes but all leading to
to planning of the budgetary forecast. Notes are created in the system with
forecasted budget. Purchase requests are generated manually or through Jira
engagement. Human resource entity wise man days information. Reports are
generated.

Personal Details:
Full Name : Sanjana Balachandra Sanil
Permanent Address : 8/12, Network CHS, Yagnik Nagar, Jai Bhavani Matha Road, Amboli,
Andheri(West). Mumbai- 400058
Sex : Female
Date of Birth : 6th July, 1993
Marital status : Unmarried
Language known : English, Hindi, Marathi, Tulu
Hobbies : Reading books, playing badminton and surfing net

I hereby confirm that the information in this document is accurate and true to the best of my
knowledge.

Date:
Place: Mumbai
Sanjana Balachandra Sanil
Contact this candidate