Sai Teja
Sr. Java full stack developer
Email : aduwm7@r.postjobfree.com
Contact No: +1-737-***-****

Professional Summary

●8 years of professional experience in Information Technology (Java and J2EE technologies).
●Involved in all phases Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation and Testing of Software Applications development life cycle.
●Strong working experience in application development using JDBC, Servlets, JSP, Java Beans, JMS, Struts, spring, Hibernate and Webservices.
●Experience in developing web applications using technologies like HTML, Java Script, AJAX, DOJO, JSON, CSS, JSP Tag libraries and GWT.
●Experience in developing web-based applications using Python, Django, PHP, Angular JS, VB, C++, XML, CSS, HTML, DHTML, JavaScript and JQuery.
●Proficient in writing ANT, Maven builds script to automate the application build and deployment.
●Good experience in developing and updating a web page using HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, React.js, Java Script, backbone.js, and JQuery across various browsers and thereby achieving cross browser compatibility.
●Experience in cloud services such as S3, AWS Lambda, EMR Cluster and Redshift.
●Implemented Node.js server-side code to interact with MongoDB to store & retrieve data using Mongoose drivers.
●Experienced in working with multiple databases like Oracle, SQL Server, Cassandra and MySQL.
●Functional knowledge in implementation of AWS Cloud based technologies like Elastic Servers, EC2 Instance and S3.
●Experienced with Perl, Shell scripting and test automation tools like Selenium RC, WebDriver and Selenium Grid.
●Developed Python Mapper and Reducer scripts and implemented them using Hadoop streaming.
●Experienced in performing Data driven testing to validate the components displayed on the website using Selenium.
●Implemented Frame work for Selenium scripts using Java.
●Initiated the Automation framework using Selenium Web Driver to run test cases in multiple browsers and platforms.
●Exposure to AWS and Docker.
●Highly motivated software engineer and experience in developing in web applications using JavaScript, Backbone.js and Coffee script technologies.
●Good knowledge in developing multi-threading applications.
●Good knowledge on SoapUI tool to unit testing SOA based applications.
●Ability to understand and use design patterns in application development.
●Experience in OOAnalysis, OODesign using UML.
●Used Java 8.0 features like Lambda Expressions with Dynamo DB, COGNITO and Redshift, Lambda, AWS Lambda.
●Expert in implementing dynamic web applications using Application Servers like BEA WebLogic, IBM WebSphere and Apache Tomcat and deploying in various environments like Windows and Linux.
●Experience in working with Log4j, JUnit and developing ANT and MAVEN Scripts for enterprise applications.
●Hands on experience in using Integrated Development Environments like Eclipse 4.2.x/ kepler/Indigo, NetBeans, ColdFusion and RAD7.
●Experience in RDBMS like Oracle, SQL Server, Netezza, MS Access, DB2/AS400 and MySQL.
●Extensive experience with SQLs/Stored Procedures.
●Experience in UNIX shell scripting, FTP/SFTP and file management in various UNIX environments.

Technical Skills

Programming Languages
Java, Java 8 C, C++, SQL
J2EE Technologies
Servlets, JSP, JDBC, JNDI, OSGI, EJB, RMI, ASP, Python.
Frameworks
Jakarta Struts, Spring, Spring MVC, JSF 2.0(Java Server Faces), Hibernate 4.0, Tiles, iBatis, Validator
Web Technologies
HTML, DHTML, JavaScript with Jquery, ExtJS, AJAX, CSS, CMS, Yahoo UI, icefaces API, Angularjs, Node.js, Backbone.js
XML Technologies
XML, XSLT, XSL, HTML5, DHTML, XSL / XSL-FO, JNDI, LDAP, SOAP
Application/Web Servers
IBM WebSphere, IBM HTTP server, WebLogic, WebLogic Portal, JBoss, jBPM, Apache Tomcat, OC4J
Databases
Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, DB2
Messaging Systems
JMS, IBM MQ-Series
IDE Tools
IBM WebSphere Studio Application Developer (WSAD), RSA, RAD, Eclipse RCP, Jdeveloper, Net Beans
Bigdata:
Hive, Hadoop, Bigdata, hue, oozie, sqoop, Storm, Kafka, Elastic Search, HDFS, ZooKeeper, Map Reduce, hive, pig, Spark, flume.

Professional Experience

Sr. Java full stack developer Mar 2020 – Till date
Starbucks, Seattle, WA
Roles & Responsibilities:

●Developing application service components and configured beans using Spring IoC, creation of Hibernate mapping files and generation of database schema
●Developed application service components and configured beans using SpringIoC, creation of Hibernate mapping files and generation of database schema.
●Developed Restful web services using Apache Camel, spring boot and configured Kibana as a visualization dashboard.
●Participated in code review and mentoring sessions and used GIT as version control and GIT Bash for GIT interactions.
●Taking advantage of the MVC pattern of the Angular7/8 and Knockout.js framework to accomplish the single page application and produce higher maintainability of the code.
●Working on Active MQ Messaging Service for Integration.
●Worked on migration Microsoft azure service to AWS service for a project.
●Moved the project to Java 8 to extensively use Lambda expressions and have better connectivity to Cloud in addition adding spring boot Libraries and UI Enhancement.
●Used AWS to deploy the project on EC2 instance Implementation of the Business logic layer for MongoDB Services.
●Used Amazon Web Services (AWS) like EC2, S3, cloud watch and Elastic Bean Stalk for code deployment.
●End to End Integration development from JIRA to Service Now using Restful calls using C++/ JAVA/ Groovy.
●Created a data pipeline through Kafka Connecting two different clients Applications namely SEQUENTRA and LEASE ACCELERATOR
●Developed API for using AWS Lambda to manage the Server less architecture and run the code in AWS
●Developed a shell script which picks up and changes the server commands for various other scripts to identify the java 8 version.
●Recommended and developed strategy for integrating internal security model into new projects with Spring Security and Springboot.
●Created RFP (Request for Proposal) Microservices to provide RESTful API utilizing Springboot with Spring MVC.
●Used Hibernate mappings, relationships between tables and entity classes to access and update information in the database.
●Involved in converting Hive/SQL queries into Spark transformations using Spark SQL, Python and Scala.
●Instructed teams on best practices around PCF and Springboot.
●Created a mock UI webapp in Angular 8 to demonstrate Microservices and designed and developed the authenticating portal using framework Angular 8 along with HTML5, CSS3 and Type Script.
●Developed Reporting Dashboard which will generate reports and reduce manual intervention for support activities. Developed with Spring MVC, Core Java and Sybase.
●V2 API testing on the Advance REST Client and SoapUI.
●Conceptualized, designed, and implemented automated functional API test cases using SOA test, and Soap UI.
●Used Postman API to get convenient, visual display of query results.
●Used various Java APIs like Apache POI, Java Email, I Text etc. as part of test automation.
●Configured Docker containers and Kubernetes to manage dozens of micro services.
●Developed Automation Framework for Acceptance Testing using Cucumber BDD and JUnit.
●Created a End to End Framework for Acceptance Testing using Cucumber, JDBC, Maven, WebDriver, Java and TestNG.
●Developing BDD scripts with Cucumber/Java and writing step definitions for behavior and step definitions.
●Used selenium and cucumber for some part for automation testing as well.
●Developed Selenium WebDriver Test Automation Script for regression testing. Maintain scripts in between releases. Reproduce manually failures reported by Automation scripts.
●Implemented client-side interface using React.js, flux pattern and redux framework for SPA.
Environment: Java 8, J2EE, Angular 4/6/7/8, XML, CSS, Spring, Hibernate, Elastic Bean stalk, Struts, Web logic, and REST, JQuery, AJAX, ExtJS, JavaScript, JSP, Junit, Windows, JMS, Maven, GitHub.

Sr. Java Full Stack developer Oct 2018 – Feb 2020
United Air Lines, Chicago, Illinois
Roles & Responsibilities:

●Experience in Confidential Azure Cloud Computing development and support.
●Used Java, HTML, JDBC, JSP, Ant, JUnit, XML, JavaScript, and a proprietary Struts-like system.
●Setting up Java/J2EE development environment using Eclipse, Maven and WebLogic
●Developed on Tomcat for a WebLogic deployment tools included Ant, JUnit, DBUnit, Http Unit, Visual Source Safe, and Scarab.
●Developed the screens using AJAX, JQuery, HTML5, CSS3, and Angular 2 & 4
●Built micro services using Docker, AWS Lambda, and Elastic Beanstalk
●Involved to work with another developer to migrate an existing MS Access application to Cold Fusion
●Deployed application WAR file on AWS Elastic Beanstalk
●Responsible for Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) process implementation using Jenkins along with UNIX Shell scripts to automate routine jobs.
●Used Rabbit MQ as Java Messaging Service for producing and consuming data between applications
●Integrated Spring Security with JDBC to manage user registration and login
●Wrote SQL commands and Stored Procedures to retrieve data from SQL server database
●Involved in migrating Hive queries into Spark transformations using Data frames, Spark SQL, SQL Context, and Scala.
●Implemented RESTful web services using spring framework on back-end and Hibernate framework for ORM, Microsoft Azure for authentication and authorization.
●Worked with Cucumber in selenium including TestNG and Gherkin.
●Developed BDD tests using Cucumber by writing behavior and step definitions & developed required Selenium support code in Java for Cucumber.
●Assisted Manager by providing automation strategies, Selenium/Cucumber Automation and JIRA reports
●Developed BDD tests using Cucumber by writing behaviours and step definitions.
●Developed required Selenium support code in JAVA for Cucumber.
●Assisted Manager by providing automation strategies, Selenium/Cucumber Automation and JIRA reports
●Developed applications using Angular 2, Java8 and new features of java (lambda expressions)
●Developed BDD tests using Cucumber by writing behaviours and step definitions.
●Developed required Selenium support code in JAVA for Cucumber.
●Developed Angular 4 Files and Used JavaScript to do the validation on the client end side
●Wrote Groovy scripts to automate request chaining, security tests and load tests.
●Involved into Code development and testing using JBOSS ESB (Enterprise Service Bus), Maven, Java 1.7, Restful Web Services.
●Implement the JavaScript/jQuery frameworks such as React.js, Node.js for MVW/MVC framework.
●Consumed JSON APIs by using the Angular 2 resource and configuring it
●Implemented Blue Prism User authentication by defining user roles, creating users and setting password policies
●Built and Deployed Docker images on AWS ECS and automated the CI-CD pipeline.
Environment: Java, Angular 2 & 4, Oracle, SQL server, Lambda, AWS Elastic beanstalk JSP, JSF, HTML, Jenkins, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, JQuery, Ajax, Spring, Hibernate, JBoss, SVN, Subversion.

Sr. Java Full Stack developer Aug 2017 to Sep 2018
Splunk, San Francisco, CA,
Roles & Responsibilities:

●Created stubs to consume Web services.
●Involved in writing JSP and JSF components.
●Used JSTL Tag library (Core, Logic, Nested, Beans and Html taglib's) to create standard dynamic web pages
●Implemented with Angular using its advantage including two-way data binding and templates.
●Identified the defects through Selenium and ensured that business processes deliver the expected results and remain reliable throughout the production release.
●Hands-on experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) like EC2, Lambda, S3 Bucket, Dynamo DB, APIGateway, Cloud Front, RDS, Elastic Beanstalk.
●Developed Ruby on Rails 3 web applications using Mongo DB and back-ground processes using Resque and Redis
●Designed and developed the session module using J2EE for existing cold fusion application.
●Implemented build scripts using Maven and GIT technology for version control.
●Developed Applications using Angular 4&6, Java 8&11, and new features of java Lambda Expressions, Annotations
●Used CQL (Cassandra Query Language) to read from and write data into Cassandra database.
●Worked on NoSQL databases including HBase, Mongo DB, and Cassandra
●Good experience in creating and consuming Restful Web Services.
●Designed and developed backend application servers using Python.
●Followed MVC Structure and used AngularJS to develop Single page Application.
●Managed application deployment using Python
●Used Perl as a Scripting language for server-side scripting of web pages
●Upgraded Python 2.3 to Python 2.5, this required recompiling mod python to use Python 2.5.
●Enhanced user experience by designing new web features using MVC Framework like Backbone.js, and node.js
●Used Solr queries on top of Cassandra to fetch the results
●Developed client GUI modules using Swing, Java script and Flash
●Used JUnit for testing the application and Maven for building Projects
●Creation of a Tasty pie like module for Node.js - REST APIs design.
●Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using JavaScript and AngularJS.
●Developed JSP Views, Actions and delegating the tasks to corresponding session beans.
●Utilized AWS Lambda platform to upload data into AWS S3 buckets and to trigger other Lambda functions.
●Working on Struts Framework for developing the front-end application and extensively. Spring as middle tier for entire application.
●Involved in working with Struts Tiles for the common look and feel for a web application.
●Working on Web Services using Java API for XML Services (JAX-WS) and supporting, building, deploying Web APIs Services
●Connected server and database to update data information with Node.js and MONGODB
●Wrote PL/SQL statements according to the need using Oracle 10g database.
●Working on an internal web-based client server application built with Struts 2 Framework using Oracle backend Database, working on establishing the relation for the different beans using the Hibernate.
●Involved in writing various components using Spring AOP and IoC framework.
Environment: Java, Struts Framework, Oracle, Lambda, HTML, PL/SQL, AWS elastic bean stalk JDBC, Stored procedures, Web Logic Application Server, Hibernate, Ant, JAX -WS Web Services, WSDL, EJB.

Java full stack developer Dec 2014 – May 2016
Cutting Edge, India
Roles & Responsibilities:

●Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like Requirement gathering, Design, Analysis and Code development.
●Developed a prototype of the application and demonstrated to business users to verify the application functionality.
●Created Hibernate XML files and Java class files to map the object relation Mappings
●Developing front end of application using HTML, CSS, backbone.js, JavaScript, jQuery.
●Used AngularJS framework where data from backend is stored in model and populated it to UI.
●Development of services that utilize AWS SDK's (EC2, S3, RDS, Lambda, Elastic Beanstalk)
●Prepared user documentation with screenshots for UAT (User Acceptance testing).
●Extensive experience in producing/consuming Rest based web services using JAX-RS, Jersey providers.
●Developed the administrative UI using Angular.js and Node.js
●Developed and implemented the MVC Architectural Pattern using Struts Framework including JSP, Servlets, EJB, Form Bean and Action classes.
●Hands on experience with MVC JavaScript frameworks such as Backbone.js, Angular.js and Node.js
●Developed and designed Interfaces using Swing.
●Developed the web layer using Spring MVC framework
●Worked on a code generation framework that generated Java Swing code from XML
●Developed web services in Java. Experienced with SOAP/WSDL. Have also designed and developed REST interfaces in Java.
●Developed Action Forms and Action Classes in Struts frame work.
●Developed Web API using Node.JS and hosted on multiple load balanced API instances.
●Implemented Struts Action classes using Struts controller component.
●Developed Web services (SOAP) through WSDL in Apache Axis to interact with other components.
●Integrated Spring DAO for data access using Hibernate used HQL and SQL for querying databases.
●Implemented EJBs Session beans for business logic.
●Used parsers like SAX and DOM for parsing xml documents and used XML transformations using XSLT.
●Wrote stored procedures, triggers, and cursors using Oracle PL/SQL.
●Created and deployed web pages using HTML, JSP, JavaScript and CSS.
●Wrote JUnit Test cases for performing unit testing.
●Used ANT automated build scripts to compile and package the application.
●Used Jira for bug tracking and project management.
Environment: Java, JSP, JDBC, Struts, Hibernate, Lambda, AWS Elastic bean stalk, Design Patterns, XML, PL/SQL Developer, Weblogic, Apache Axis, ANT, Clear case, JUnit, Web services, SOAP, XSLT, Jira.

Java full stack developer Jun 2013 – Nov 2014
Sunera tech – Hyderabad, India
Roles & Responsibilities:

●Involved in Full Cycle of Software development from Analysis through Design, Development, Integration and testing phases.
●Created Class diagrams, Sequence diagrams and Activity diagrams to describe the relationship that exists among system's object in accordance with the business requirements using UML.
●Designed and implemented application using JSP, JSTL Spring MVC, Backbone, JNDI, Spring IOC, Spring annotations, Spring AOP, Spring Transactions, Hibernate, JDBC, SQL, ANT, JMS, Oracle and JBoss.
●System built using Model-View-Controller (MVC) architecture. Implemented the application using the concrete principles laid down by several design patterns such as Composite View, Session Façade, Business Delegate, Bean Factory, Singleton, and Data Access Object
●Implemented front-end using Backbone, Underscore, and jQuery, HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
●Developed backbone views, models, and collections and configured routing in the application using Backbone router.
●Worked on jQuery Ajax to perform backend calls for data retrievals to populate model objects in collections.
●Developed Web services to allow communication between applications through RESTful over HTTP using ApacheAxis2.
●Designed and implemented transaction management using spring declarative transaction management.
●Consumed JMS messages using message listener container in spring from WebSphere MQ broker.
●Implemented different types of spring controllers as per application requirements, Spring Validators, persistence layer, DAO and service layer components using Spring/Hibernate API and Spring/Hibernate annotations. Extensively used Hibernate QL.
●Extensively used Spring IOC, configured Application Context files and performed database object mapping using Hibernate annotations.
●Developed various batch jobs using spring and Quartz scheduler deployed them on WebSphere application Server.
●Automate build process by using Maven and used CVS version control tool.
●Configured and customized logs using Log4J.
●Provided production support by debugging and fixing critical issues related to application and database.
●Troubleshooting of high volume and transaction and connection pool related issues in production and Refactored code to fix the issues.
●Supported, enhanced existing applications developed using JSF with Prime faces.
Environment: Java, J2EE, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Angular, Backbone, WebSphere MQ, Servlets, JSF, Prime faces, JMS, Spring MVC, Hibernate, JDBC, JNDI, RESTful, Axis2, WebSphere, Maven, Oracle10g, CVS, XML, JSON, Log4j, Underscore, jQuery, jQuery-UI, UML, Windows.

Education Details –

Bachelor’s Information Technology - 2014
Contact this candidate