Mounisha
PH: +1-214-***-****
Email: aduy3w@r.postjobfree.com

Summary:

●Around 8 years of good experience in the IT Industry includes Analysis, Design, Development and Implementation of Client/Server and web based Multi - Tier architecture systems.
●Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application.
●Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.
●Used React-Redux libraries for state management to maintain consistency across different environments. Used React JS for templating faster compilation and developing re-usable components.
●Expertise in React JS framework to develop the SPA
●Proficient in MVC architecture frameworks in JavaScript like Angular (1.x, 2.0+), React JS.
●Experienced on Cross Platform Web Application Development using front-end technologies like HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, jQuery, Angular, React JS, Node JS, Bootstrap and Restful APIs.
●Experience on working with CSS Backgrounds, CSS Layouts, CSS Positioning, CSS Animations, CSS Text, CSS Borders, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo classes, and Pseudo elements.
●Worked extensively on Angular 2/ Typescript SPA domains.
●Familiar with creating Custom Reusable React Components Library.
●Architected, designed in React JS which consume JSON from a Spring Boot, using Spring Security to secure the Application.
●Proficient in defining REST API using the Node JS by using frameworks like Node JS, Express JS framework, Restify & MEAN JS framework.
●Worked on Angular JS two-way data binding between DOM and model, dependency injection and handling GET, PUT operations with a webAPI controller on a group of posts
●Excellent working knowledge and thorough exposure on compatibility issues with different versions of browsers like Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari, and Google Chrome.
●Full System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) experience including: gathering requirements, analysis, design, development, documentation, deployment and testing
●Worked with various frameworks in Spring such as Spring MVC, Spring AOP, Spring transaction Management, Spring Data, Spring JPA, Spring JDBC, Spring Boot and Spring Cloud.
●Strong experience in designing applications using MVC Architecture, Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD).
●Excellent experience in developing web pages complying the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) and ability to apply W3C web standards.
●Good experience in Version Control tools like CVS, GIT, SVN and Clear-Case for Source Code version management.
●Experience in PL/SQL and SQL for writing SQL queries, Triggers functions and Stored Procedures on databases like MYSQL, and SQL Server.
●Effective team working skills. Able to work both as an individual and as a team player within a multidisciplinary team.
●Extensively worked on methodologies such as Agile and Kanban.

Technical Skills:

Server Side
JAVA, Node JS (Express framework), MEAN, Restify, KOA
Client side
JavaScript, HTML, CSS, AJAX.
UI Frameworks
Angular (1.5,3 &4.0+), React JS & Backbone.
CSS Frameworks
Bootstrap, Foundation 6.0, SASS & LESS.
IDE
Eclipse, Visual Studio & IntelliJ Idea
RDBMS
MS-SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL
Testing
Jasmine, QUnit, OPA5, mocha & Chai, Jest
Database Languages
SQL Scripts, PL/SQL, My SQL
Operating Systems
Windows 2000/XP/7, Linux, Mac.
Other Technologies
PHP, CodeIgniter& CMS (WordPress)
AWS
Lambda, S3, SQS, SNS, EC2 & EBS

Professional Experience:

Client: Intralot, CA Mar ’22 - Till date
Role: UI/React Js Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities:
Involved in the requirement analysis and designing the system to incorporate those requirements and coming up with the design to utilize existing systems and services.
Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application.
Actively involving in SCRUM meetings, Retrospective and Sprint planning/review meetings.
Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.
Worked on React JS Virtual Dom and React views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.
Worked on Redux and ReactJS to build out a web application.
Architected, designed in React JS which consume JSON from a Spring Boot, using Spring Security to secure the Application.
Created feature to enhance the user experience while ensuring that the web-design is optimized for smart phones.
Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using redux.
Designed and developed various Web forms using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap and JavaScript, React.JS
Designed configuration XML Schema for application and used JavaScript for client-side validation.
Enhanced legacy application by building new components in Angular 4and typescript.
In Phase Two, worked closely with the Back-End team to display data using the Custom Components, library Components, and Redux.
Developed Web GUI involving HTML, JavaScript and TypeScript under MVC architecture.
Developed single page applications using Angular 4, Typescript, web pack and grunt
Worked with HTML5, CSS3, JSON, JavaScript, Reactjs and ES6 for developing user interface.
Designed and developed Microservices using REST framework and Spring Boot and used Bootstrap along with Angular JS in creating the Application.
Worked on Angular JS two-way data binding between DOM and model, dependency injection and handling GET, PUT operations with a webAPI controller on a group of posts
Implemented REST API using Node.js, Express.js.
Used node.js as a proxy to interact with RESTful services and interacting with PostgreSQL Database.
Experienced with Docker container service and applications by creating Docker images from Docker file
Developed several REST web services which produce both XML and JSON to perform tasks, leveraged by both web and mobile applications.
Involved in making of efficient and fast application running using Node.js Non-blocking I/O
Extensively worked with making calls to APIS to fetch the data from the backend as JSON response and parse it on the UI for DOM/CSS manipulation
Actively involved in Analysis, Design, Development, System Testing and User Acceptance Testing of software development life cycle.
Used AWS Lambda to manage the servers and run the code in AWS.
Deployed the application on Tomcat application server
Worked on migration of Existing Applications to AWS cloud.
Involved in Agile/SCRUM process, attending daily stand up and completing tasks in sprints.
Used the Git for version controlling a JIRA for the project tracking. Took Care of all the deployments to Dev, stage and Production.
Environment: JavaScript, Reactjs, Angular 4, HTML5, CSS3, XML Bootstrap, JSON, Java 8, Maven, Jenkins, GitHub, Tomcat 8, Log4J, JUnit, Git, Oracle, SQL, Windows

Client: KACAST LTD, INDIA Apr ’20– Dec ’21
Role: UI/React JS Developer

Responsibilities:
●Involved in the analysis, design, development and testing of the application
●Developed user interface by using the React JS, Redux for SPA development
●Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept
●Developed the Rest API Services for the application by using Restify framework.
●Architected, designed in React JS which consume JSON from a Spring Boot, using Spring Security to secure the Application.
●Designed and Developed website using AEM 6.2 based on frontend technologies and backend technologies such as JSP, Sightly, WCMUsePojo, Sling Models etc.
●Used Jenkins for the build process to generate NPM-build.
●Used ES6 concepts while writing the code.
●Created reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 2.
●Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc.
●Used third party node modules for Authentication in the Rest API.
●Developed custom Angular Component based on Requirements.
●Developed Custom Components in React Js and converted as a node module, Which can be used throughout the organization
●Used Redux in the whole application for data related operations.
●Used Sass for the styling & arranging the elements in the application.
●Used Spring Boot which is radically faster in building cloud Micro Services and develop Spring based application with very less configuration.
●Used Spring Beans to encapsulate business logic and Implemented Application MVC Architecture using Spring MVC framework.
●Responsible for Code Review and code maintenance.
●Bug Fixing & Performed and documented Unit Testing of code for ensuring bug-free code. Implemented test cases and performed unit testing using Karma-test-runner and Jasmine. Ambitious web applications built using MEAN Stack.
●Managing Onshore and Offshore handshake, responsible for team activities and delivering the Sprint Stories on time by following Agile Methodology.
●Used React Style Guide for the code documentation.

Environment: React JS, Node Js (Restify), ES6, webpack, Babel, Enzyme, Java, spring, Spring boot. Spring MVC

Client: Cellcom, India Oct’17 – Mar’20
Role: UI/React JS Developer

Responsibilities:
●Involved in the analysis, design, development and testing of the application
●Used Redux and React to build out a web application.
●Developed Rest API Using Express Js Framework using typescript.
●Developed HTML proto types and UI deliverables, such as wireframes, flowcharts, screen mock-ups, and interface design specifications.
●Used the Swagger API for API Documentation. Used LDAP for Authentication.
●Responsible for JavaScript / AJAX UI upgrades and improvements.
●Used Angular 4.0 framework &React Js Library for developing the whole application.
●Using React we defined reusable components throughout the organization.
●Have a good exposure to CI/CD process using Jenkins and GIT.
●Build responsive web UI interfaces using Bootstrap, HTML5, CSS3 and JQuery.
●Using Direct Injection, MVC, REST API to develop the Controllers, Services Modules, Payment Integration and validations.
●Developed custom directives (elements, Attributes and classes) using Angular.
●Developed Custom Pipes for the application.
●Created Angular 4 components, implemented interpolation, input variables, Bootstrapping, NgFor, NgIf, binding to the hidden property.
●Migrated Angular 4 components to Angular 6 components.
●Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript, codes to build web forms and simulate processes for web application, page navigation and form validation.
●Developed application components using spring, Spring-Data, Spring Boot and Oracle.
●
●Debugged the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox and IE Developer Toolbar for IE.
●Worked with the team of architects and back-end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.
●Performed and documented Unit Testing of code for ensuring bug-free code
●Worked with unit testing of JavaScript applications using Jasmine, Mocha & Chai
●Responsible for Deploying the code to OSE (OpenShift Environment) using Jenkins scripts.
●Setup the Build pipeline for Whole UX and Rest Server Application Using Jenkins.
●Provided contribution to Jenkins mixins central repo.

Environment: Express JS, Angular 4.0, Angular 6.0, React JS library, ES6, Typescript, Bootstrap Framework, HTML5, CSS3, Gulp, Node Js, Jasmine, Mocha, Chai, OSE, Docker, Jenkins.

Client: EQUINIX, India Jun’15-Sep ‘17
Role: JavaScript Developer

Responsibilities:
●Involved in the analysis, design, development and testing of the application
●Done analysis on User Requirements.
●Involved in developing Single-Page Application pages using AngularJS, REST Services.
●Experience in web UI Technologies using HTML, jQuery, Ajax, JavaScript & AngularJS.
●Used WEB PACK, Bower for project dependencies & Build Purpose
●Gaining knowledge on Redux, Redux-Saga for Handling Actions, states and for styling used SASS framework.
●Used Angular JS to include creating modules and components and coupling them together into a functional app.
●Designed and implemented the UI using HTML, JSP, JavaScript and Java.
●Performed Unit Test of code by using Jasmine for ensuring bug-free code drop
●Responsible for Code Reviews & Code Merges to Master
●Assisted in writing the SQL scripts to create and maintain the database, roles, users, tables in SQL Server
●Started gaining knowledge and working on ReactJS.
Environment: JavaScript, ReactJS, Redux, Redux Saga, Webpack, Sass, Jasmine, Oracle

Education: Bachelor’s in Information technology Nagarjuna university -2015
Contact this candidate