Niloufar Odouli
Full-Stack Developer
San Diego, CA, USA
858-***-****
adv5ln@r.postjobfree.com
Education
B.S in Applied Mathematics
Sharif University of Technology
Tehran, Iran (1984 – 1988)
Experience
Full Stack Developer
Self-employed (1997 – Present)
Educational Services Expert
and Developer
Department of Computer and
Mathematical Sciences
Sharif University of Technology
(Apr 1989 – Oct 1993)
Skills
Object Oriented
Programming
Delphi
PHP
MySQL
JavaScript
HTML
CSS
jQuery Mobile
SQL
Summary
Self-driven learner who has always been expanding her knowledge from old academic programming into extensive understanding and experiencing up-to-date coding languages and platforms. Eager and passionate to learn and work on any new subject related to the world of programming and coding.
Work History
Niloonik Nutrition and Diet Application (2008 – 2014) Designed and developed a nutritional and food tracking application, as one of the first digital health media for common use in Iran. It has two versions, one as an Object-Oriented Windows Program using Delphi, and one as a Web application in PHP and MySQL Database. This application was formally registered with the Department of “Center of Software Registration” in 2010 (ID# 8-021**-******). Dental Practice and Insurance Management System (2005 – 2008) Designed the whole system and developed two separate interconnected applications for dental offices working with a private insurance company, using Delphi. The program was used to serve several thousand patients over the course of three years.
Other projects
Educational and Mind Games like Sudoku and Master Mind in Delphi, Dental Practice Management Software in Delphi, Inventory and Production Management Software for a Plastic Manufacturing Company in Pascal, Restaurant Inventory Management System in Pascal. Additional activities
Active volunteer member of “Alumni Association of Sharif University of Technology” since 1993.
Over 15 years of providing programming and other voluntary services to
“Parents and Teachers” communities of my children’s schools . Successful completion of the “Entrepreneurship Program” offered at
“University of Tehran - Science and Technology Park”, in accordance with
“Health and Medical Education Ministry of Iran”. (2014) Completion of a nutritional and fitness coaching program and obtaining a
“Coaching Certificate in Pankration”. (2009)
Contact this candidate