Swetha
571-***-****
adv641@r.postjobfree.com

Summary
●Around 7 years of experience in design/development of enterprise applications using Java and frontend technologies.
●Strong hands on experience with spring umbrella projects including Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Spring Data, Spring REST and Spring JDBC,MicroServices.
●Expertise in developing UI interfaces using Structs,HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
●Good hands on experience with JavaScript frameworks/Libraries including Angular, JQuery.
●Adept skills in integration of ORM frameworks like Hibernate with Spring and also with implementation of Spring Data for communication with Database.
●Good knowledge on Web-services including both REST and SOAP, and developed services from scratch using Spring REST, Jersey, and Apache CXF.
●Expertise in decomposing legacy monolithic apps into Microservices pattern.
●Exposure to implementation of various design patterns including factory, singleton, front controller, adapter and dao.
●Hands on knowledge with Java based frameworks/technologies including Struts, EJB, JSF and messaging using JMS,KAFKA.
●Exposure to deployment and configuration of apps on JBoss, Websphere, WebLogic and apache tomcat.
●Extensively worked on RDBMS systems including Oracle, PostgreSQL, and MS SQL.
●Exposure to NoSQL database systems like MongoDB and apache CouchDB.
●Worked in different environments following Agile/Scrum, Kanban and Water fall methodologies.
●Experience with maintaining code repositories in version control system like Git, SVN and RTC.
●Good experience with Devops and CI/CD processes using Jenkins, Maven and Static code analyzers like SonarQube and WhiteHat.
●Strong knowledge with development approaches including both TDD, BDD.
●Exposure to application monitoring in production environment using Splunk.
●Good analytical and problem-solving skills and ability to adopt for new technologies/frameworks.
●Good experience on working with AWS Services like EC2, S3, Amazon Simple DB, RDS, AWS Elastic Load Balancing, Identity and access management, Cloud Watch, EBS and Cloud Front.

Technical Skills

Languages
Java, SQL, Javascript
Web Technologies
Html, CSS, Typescript, Angular, JQuery, Bootstrap, Ajax, XML, JSON.
Java frameworks/technologies
Spring, Struts, EJB, JMS, JPA, Hibernate, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, JSF
Web Services
REST, SOAP, JAX-RS JAX-WS, Jersey, Apache Axis
Web/App Servers
Tomcat, Websphere, JBoss
Methodologies
Agile/Scrum, Kanban, Waterfall
Build Tools
Maven, Ant, npm
Database
Oracle, Postgresql, Ms Sql
Version control
Git, Svn, Rtc
Other Tools
Splunk, Eclipse, RAD, STS, Visualstudio Code

Professional Experience

Senior Java Developer
Bank of America (Accenture) April 19 –JUN 22
Description: PCHC has sent a notification to all participating banks to connect to clearing house via webapi to enable real time processing of payments. The project aims at automating inward, outward low value payments and credit status report via PESONET WEBAPI proposed solution.
Responsibilities:
●Involved in defining user stories and worked with lead/architect during design and analysis of project.
●Followed Agile/scrum methodology for development/delivery of application to end clients.
●Developed REST APIs, MICRO SERVICES using Spring boot for enabling end users to search the details of a given organization.
●Implemented Spring data JPA for object relation mapping (ORM) and communication with database.
●Responsible for defining the contract for REST APIs and documenting them using Swagger.
●Implemented design patterns including adapter, dao, singleton, DTO and Proxy.
●Used Junit for writing unit test cases and Mockito for mocking the dependency calls.
●Designed and developed Java batch jobs using Spring Batch framework which read the real time user data and load it into different tables for every 15 minutes.
●Extensively used core java APIs including Collections, Executors, Lambdas and streams.
●Converted a monolithic app to micro services architecture using spring boot and REST.
●Written complex SQL queries to fetch data from postgresql database.
●Used GitHub as source code repository.
●Created build and deployment scripts using Maven.
●Used Jenkins and Docker for Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) to implement reliable frequent code changes.
●Experience in using SonarQube for inspection of code quality
●Provided support for application in production and used Splunk for monitoring.
●Used Atlassian suite of products like JIRA, Confluence and Bit Bucket for collaboration and version controlling.

Environment: JDK 1.8, Spring, Spring Data JPA, Spring Boot, Spring REST, PostgreSQL, SOAP, JUnit, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular 4/8, Bootstrap, JSON, XML, GitHub, JIRA, SCRUM, STS, Visual studio code IDE, Splunk.

Java Developer
FIAT(Accenture) Nov 16-April 19
Description: The Fiat Group is the largest industrial enterprise in Italy and one of the founders of the European motor industry. Fiat is an automotive-focused industrial Group and designs and manufactures automobiles, trucks, wheel loaders, excavators, telehandlers, tractors and combine harvesters. CSPS is one of the modules of the FIAT group where the spare parts of the FIAT group are maintained. Common Spare Parts System is the expanded form of CSPS.
Responsibilities:
Involved in all the phases of software life cycle including design, analysis, and development and testing of application using Agile Methodology and followed Scrum Sessions.
Implemented Spring MVC framework in the presentation tier for all the essential control flow, business level validations and for communicating with the business layer.
Performed form validations on the UI using Spring Validation framework.
Developed code using Design Patterns like DAO, Factory Pattern, Singleton and Value Objects.
Implemented Spring MVC controllers like Controller, Simple Form Controller and Multi Action Controller.
Connected to Data Sources and performed operations using Spring Data framework features like Spring JDBC and Spring ORM.
Configured the POJOS with backend tables in Hibernate to achieve the associations.
Integrated Spring DAO for data access using Hibernate to fetch data from database and avoid redundant database access statements.
Developed the front end user interfaces in JSP, HTML, Java Script, CSS, JQUERY that will be integrated using Spring MVC Framework.
Created various unit test cases and integration tests for the DAO, Service, and Controller components using JUnit classes, and Mockito.
Used SVN for source code version control.
Using JIRA tracking the issues and resolving them.
Implemented Log4J for Logging Errors, debugging and tracking using loggers, and components.

Environment: Java, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, Spring MVC, Spring Spring DAO, JDBC, RESTful, JIRA, Maven, TDD, Oracle, Windows, WebLogic, Agile/ Scrum Methodology.

Education:

Bachelor of Engineering (B.E) in IT (MVSR ENGINEERING COLLEGE)(2012-2016)
Contact this candidate