Consultant Name: Dinesh
JOB Role: Full Stack Developer

Employer Name: Rajath K
Email: advend@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 248-***-****

Professional Summary:

●Senior Full Stack Developer with around 8 years of experience in developing and supporting end-end Mobile and Web applications using the latest technologies available in the community.
●Experience working on various business domains like Banking, Finance, Airline, Manufacturing, Healthcare, Insurance etc. I have acquired good business domain knowledge working with various clients.
●Enjoy working, as working is a service, by solving the real-time issues/challenges of the end users of the application, to make their life easy carrying out their day-day work, by using/enhancing my skills and technologies available in the community to build software applications and products.
●Experience working on Production Support of the application, experience on supporting global application used across the globe in 32 countries.
●Experience fixing the defects in the production and redeploying the application in production after through testing with business.
●Experience developing software solution products for the requirements in the given timeline, working with the team/independently.
●Experience building applications to solve real-time issues/challenges in our day-day life, using the technologies available in the community.
●Enthusiastic exploring new technologies coming up in the community by building POC and examples and analyzing the usage of the technologies to solve the real-times problems.
●Experience Developing End-To-End Applications, Deployed the application in Production, Part of the Team running App Pilot Phase with the End Users, interacted with the end users on the daily basis, Training the end users on the application usage, understanding their suggestions, enhancing the application on users suggestions, Experience working on making application in compliance with GDPR and GERMAN WORKERS COUNCIL, legal department approvals. Developed application that supports 21 languages and Deployed the application for usage across the Globe in 21 different countries. INTERACTED, TRAINED end users from 21 different countries to use the app and supported the application.
●Experience working on making the application in compliance with HIPAA, .
●Good experience on developing end to end native/hybrid mobile application for IOS, Android platforms, Web applications using latest UI Front End technologies which includes ANGULAR, IONIC, REACTJS, VUEJS, REACT-NATIVE, FLUTTER, REACTIVEJS, FLUX, REDUX ARCHITECTURES, XAMARIN, IOS, SWIFT, Objective-C, Android etc.
●Worked on converting React Life Cycle component to React Hooks.
●Experience working with Accessibility to make the app 508 compliant.
●Extensively worked on the styling of the app, creating new components, and applying new CSS styles.
●Extensive experience working with Typescript, experience working on implementing React JS, React Native, NodeJS, Express framework, Apollo Graph QL in Type script.
●Ability to work on multiple projects at same time learning and implementing the new technologies, architectures coming up in the community.
●Experience working on Micro services architecture, deploying the application to Cloud, Storing the data on Cloud.
●Experience working with AWS Cloud, worked on AWS Cognito for authentication on the Mobile app, AWS S3 storage, AWS batch, AWS Cloud watch for the logs.
●Experience with entire DEVOPS life cycle, starting from development of the application, continuous integration using Jenkins, containerization of the application using DOCKER, deployment of the application to TEST, Stage, PROD and involved in the production support and enhancement after production support.
●Extensive experience on improving the performance of the applications by optimizing the code, working with Web Workers in JavaScript, optimizing the huge data received from webservices by applying business logics to make the data compatible to the UI Views.
●Experience on implementing SSO authentication, OAuth Authentication using JWT tokens.
●Experience working with GIT to push/pull/merge the data to the code repositories.

Software Skills:

Tools: Atom, X-Code, Eclipse, Android Studio, Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code, GIT, SVN Client, SOAP UI.
Programing Languages & Technologies: HTML5, XAML, XML, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJs, Angular, Ionic, Native-Script, ReactiveX, ReactJs, NextJS, React-Native, Flutter, VueJS, NuxtJS, NodeJs, GraphQL, Apllo GraphQL, Flutter, UnderscoreJs, RequireJs, ImmutableJs, MobX, Sencha-Touch, Ext-Js, BackboneJs, Grunt, Webpack, Browserify, Babel, Bower, Bootstrap.css,AngularUI, Sass, TypeScript, Cordova, Objective-C, CSharp, .Net,.NetCore, Java, Spring Framework, Spring Boot, Docker, Jenkins, Maven, MySql, NoSQL, MongoDB, Oracle, IOS, Android, Machine Learning(Learning), Artificial Intelligence (Learning), AWS Cloud.

Architectures: MVC, MVVM, Unidirectionnel Flow, Micro Services.

Professional Experience:

NuSkin, Provo, UT Mar 2022 – Present
Senior Full Stack Mobile/UI Developer,

Developing, designing and testing HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery and ReactJS that meets accessibility and web browser standards for website.
Leveraged the native API integrations using axios, consumed and parsed the API data across both the mobile platforms.
Experience in all phase of SDLC like requirement, Analysis, Implementation and Maintenance, and experience with Agile and Scrum.
Maintained states in te stores and dispatched the actions using redux.
Implemented offline search functionality for the active product offers.
Integrated multiple React Native modules such as react-navigation, react-native-firebase.
Transitioned existing React web apps to React Native.
Developed customizable React Native Components library which can be used in developing the React Native application by using sim links.
Maintain code, bug fixes and write automated test cases to ensure the product is of high quality.
Extensively worked on the Typescript, experience working on implementing React JS, React Native, Nodejs in Typescript.
Trained and helped team members on fixing the defects.
Worked on redesigning the styles, applying styles to react native components.
Used Jira as the bug tracking sysem to track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on everyday basis.

Technologies: React Native, ReactJS, Redux, Java script, Nodejs, Graph QL, Typescript, Apollo GraphQL, CSS, IOS, Android, X-Code, Android Studio.

Blue Cross Blue Shield(BCBS), Washington, DC Sep 2020 – Mar 2022
Senior Full Stack Mobile/Web/UI Developer,

●Working as a team member on the BCBCMN Mobile app team, that was developed using React Native.
●Enhancing the existing Member Mobile Application used by the customers of BCBS to check their Insurance Details, Claims, Find a Doctor, Notifications on the deals from vendors using Geolocation etc.
●Followed Agile methodology for the development of the application, Involved in discussions with Business.
●Worked on migrating the React Native from lower version of 0.56 to latest, which is major release with breaking changes on auto-linking.
●Worked as a Team fixing the defects on the upgrade of React Native, With my previous team lead experience I have taken ownership and leaded the team on the absence of our team lead.
●Working on upgrading the application and adding new features to the app with some changes to the User Interface.
●App uses Gimbal for geo location, Fast Lane for App build, Urban Airship for push notifications, App Center for deployments, Firebase for Analytics, Google Maps for Finding a Doctor on the location, Device Camera for scanning the ID cards, integrated iPerceptions for customer feedback.
●Worked on the Nodejs creating the Restful Web API using express framework and worked on the Apollo Graph QL.
●Worked on the latest features of JavaScript like ES6, ES7, ES8 features, such as async await, let, const etc.
●Worked on converting React Life Cycle Component to React Hooks.
●Worked on creating the build using Fastlane and deployment.

Technologies: React Native, ReactJS, Redux, Java script, Nodejs, Graph QL, Typescript, Apollo GraphQL, CSS, SASS, IOS, Android, X-Code, Android Studio, Fastlane, Urban Airship, App Center, Gimbal, Google/Firebase Analytics, Google Tag Manager, iPerceptions.

WellsFargo, Des Moines, IOWA Feb 2019 - Aug 2020
Senior Full Stack Mobile/Web/UI Developer,

●Developing Layered Process Audits(LPA) Hybrid Mobile/Web Application compatible for Mobiles, Tablets, Desktops to be used at 230 plants of Lear across the 32 countries.
●Involved in discussions with Business and with the few end-users at the plants in USA for understanding requirements, analyzing the requirements and suggesting the solution to make their life easy on their day-day usage of the application to resolve the challenges faced currently.
●Implemented the application from Scratch, application is rules based customizable to align all the basic and mandatory requirements that are common across the global plants.
●Developing the application following Agile methodologies with 2 weeks sprint.
●Lead for the team, working along with everyone, to build end- end product from scratch using Latest Angular, Ionic frameworks on the UI and .Net for service layer and SQL for database on the core side.
●Extensively used FlexBox, Grids, BEM, Atomic Design architectures in CSS.
●LPA application, support IOS Mobile devices as an App installed on IOS devices through Mobile Iron, and LPA app can also be opened on the browser through the LPA website.
●Application also supports i18n(Multi Language Support), to make it more intuitive for the other language users.
●Worked on GDPR changes to support German Plants, to use the application in Germany, the workers union has to approve the application, .
●Worked on implementing custom IOS Wrappers using Swift to run the Ionic application, implemented features to pass data from Swift to Ionic.
●Implemented the interaction to the IOS native to implement the device features.
●Worked on Production support of the application, fixed the defects identified in the production, deployed the application to production.
●The application is used by Lear employees across 32 countries, connected with the end users to understand the issues reported, .
●Containerized the application using Docker, deployed the application to Azure Cloud.
●Revamped the application to use the Micro Services Architecture.
●Worked in improving the performance of the application, since the application has to be worked on Plants production floor, in poor network connection.
●Implemented Offline mode in the application, to make the application working in the no internet zones, and connect back to internet when Wifi is available, submitting the data to the server from the background.

Technologies: Angular, Ionic 3, .Net,SQL, IOS, Android, Windows 10, Webpack, Babel, ReactiveX, Redux, React-Native, Flutter, Swift, Docker, Azure, Google Firebase, Typescript, Moment, JavaScript ES6, ES7, Rest Full Web Services.

United Airlines, Chicago, IL Feb 2017 - Dec 2018
Senior Full Stack Mobile/Web/UI Developer,

●Worked on Multiple applications at United Airline, for IOS and Web to be used by employees at the airport.
●One of the core and critical application was UROC Mobile, developed for both Mobile and Web application in the given time line.
●Team lead for Mobile and Web application, with some of the team members working from offshore.
●The application is used to monitor the Inbound/Outbound Flights on the time line scale with 13 hours window and 24 hours, analyze and assign the Assignments, Resources to the Flights for the employees to work on. Application uses Jabber for XMPP to get the updates from the server instantly and show changes in the UI to the User.
●Worked extensively on improving the performance of the application, by optimizing the code, reviewing the code developed by the peers, modified the UI of the application to have better user experience and performance improvements.
●Worked on consume huge data received though the Restful webservices response, optimized the response, by applying the business logics and compatible for the UI of the application.
●Worked on implementing Gantt Charts to show the relation between Assignments, Resources and Flights, with respect the time line.
●Worked on implementing multiple views on the single screen, updating data in the application from the background using WebWorkers.
●Worked on Production Support of the application, both for Mobile Application and Desktop application, The application is used across US airports.

Technologies : HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript(ECMAScript5 & ECMAScript6), AngularJs, Ionic, Node Js, Underscore, Jabber, Grunt, Jasmine, Protractor, Karma, Cordova, Xamarin, .Net,Java, Spring, Spring Boot, Jenkins, ReactiveX, ReactJs, Redux, React- Native, Native Script, Moment, Gantt Charts.

SPX Flow, Rochester, NY Sep 2015 - Jan 2017
Senior Developer,

●Worked on Unified Framework (UF), framework provides a common set of services to facilitate building device agnostic, mobile first modern single page application development, it has both Angular and non-Angular version.
●Developed a new UF using ECMAScript 6 with Typescript to provide the same services as earlier.
●Developed Type Definition file for Typescript for UF.
●Involved in Requirement Analysis, gathering, Low Level Design, Coding and Integration.
●Developed and tested user-friendly navigators by utilizing JavaScript and VB .NET
●Heavily involved in the design/development of the applications using ASP. Net, VB.Net, JavaScript/DHTML, XML.
●Established client server communication using Windows Communication Foundation (WCF).
●Created CSS files to be applied to various web forms on the web pages.
●Responsible for developing and consuming WCF services.
●Performed two-way data binding using AngularJS and developed a rich UI for our application
●Worked with ASP.NET MVC 4.0, Partial Views, and Layout Pages and developed Cascading style sheets (CSS) for consistent look and feel of the website.
●Applied multithreaded techniques for creating high performance applications. Multithreading was used to process data in chunks to improve performance.
●Extensively worked on Razor Views, especially to reduce the complexity of the views.
●Responsible for writing the Actions in the Controllers which implement the Business Rules and which act as a mediator between UI (View) and Database (Model).
●Responsible for designing and developing the database objects like Tables, Views, and Complex T-SQL Stored Procedures involving Joins and using Temporary Tables, UDF (User Defined Functions).
●Proactively interacted, understood the requirements, and validated the same.

Technologies: C#, ADO,Net,ASP.Net, ASP.Net MVC, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript(ECMAScript5 & ECMAScript6), JQuery, AngularJS, ReactJs, Flux Architecture, NodeJs, RequireJs, Webpack, Babel, Typescript, Grunt, .Net.

Wipro, Hyderabad, TN Feb 2013 – May 2014
Developer,

●Worked on Entity Framework to import all the Database Objects, used LINQ on these objects, and updated the data back to the Database by using LINQ Providers.
●Develop WebService using .Net web API for API Driven POC.
●Designed Web-based ASP.NET Internet applications linked to firm-wide SQL databases.
●Performed MySQL upgrades running on Windows and Linux Servers.
●Migrated databases from Access to MySQL Server.
●Experience working on Object Oriented Analysis and Design(OOAD) programming and .Net Architecture.
●Designed user interface (UI) for WinForms and implemented the application logic using C#.
●Experience working with LINQ to Datasets which uses ADO.Net to handle the communication with the database.
●Involved in Unit Testing of the applications and documenting the test results.

Environment: .NET Framework 4.0/4.5, ASP.NET, VB.NET, C#, Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), LINQ, Razor View Engine, SQL Server 2012/2008, XML, HTML, JavaScript, Entity Framework.

Tech Mahindra, Hyderabad, TN Aug 2011 - Dec 2012
Developer,

●Part of the development team of online accounts opening, enhancing the existing web application and developing the new mobile website for online accounts opening for multiple devices using responsive web design.
●The existing or new customers of Huntington bank will open new deposit accounts or apply for credit card through this application.
●The banker will have access to the application to open account of the customer who was reported to visit bank to complete application.

Technology: Java, Spring Framework, Maven, Junit, Hibernate, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery.

Education:

Master in Computer Science, University of Central Missouri, Warrensburg, Missouri - 2015
Bachelor of Technology, Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, India - 2011
Contact this candidate