Nikitha
Email ID: advisd@r.postjobfree.com
Phone No: 469-***-****

Professional Summary
Around 8 years of experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Requirement Analysis, Design and Coding, Application Implementation, Unit testing, and System Testing, Functional and Regression Testing and Production Support of Object-Oriented Analysis, Design using Java /J2EE Object-oriented technologies, AWS & open-source technologies.
Strong exposure to J2EE design patterns like MVC, Front Controller, Factory Design pattern, Value Object, Singleton, and Proxy Design Pattern.
Experience in developing the User Interface Rich Web Applications and Web Service Applications using User Interface Technologies like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery.
Experience in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations, and Flux concept.
Experience in developing robust, interactive User interfaces in Angular8/9/12, AngularJS, and NodeJS.
Developed various REST Micro-Services using Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, and Spring Data libraries.
Strong experience in design/development of web applications using Java, JSP, J2EE, Servlets, JMS, MVC Framework, Web Services, XML, XSD, JSON, and JAXB.
Experience in deploying and configuring multi-tier enterprise applications on multiple servers such as Web logic Server, JBoss, WebSphere and Tomcat, BEA WebLogic.
Extensive experience working with RDBMS like Oracle 11g/12 c, MySQL, SQL Server and developing Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Functions, and SQL Queries.
Experience in working with Spring Tool Suite, JDeveloper, Eclipse, NetBeans.
Experience in developing components using Enterprise Java Beans over Application servers and platforms such as WebSphere.
Experience java to develop the business logic, its development by using J2EE technologies like Servlets, JDBC, JSP, Spring, Spring Boot with microservices.
Experience in Spring Boot Actuator to monitor and manage the application in the production environment.
Good experience with Java OOPS concepts like Collections and Exception Handling.
Experience and understanding of cloud deployments and microservices approach to build applications.
Experience in using build/deploy tools such as Jenkins, Docker, and AWS for Continuous Integration & Deployment for Microservices.
Experience in AWS Deploying, managing, and operating scalable, highly available, and fault-tolerant systems and managed continuous delivery systems and methodologies on AWS.
Handled operations and maintenance support for AWS cloud resources which includes launching, maintaining, and troubleshooting EC2 instances, S3 buckets, Auto Scaling, Dynamo DB, AWS IAM, Elastic Load Balancers (ELB), and Relational Database Services (RDS).
Services in configuring, deployment, and support of cloud services including Confidential Web Services (AWS).
Proficient in core java concepts like Collection Framework, Multi-threading, Generics, Annotations, Serialization, Thread pools, JavaBeans, Externalization.
Maintaining application by CI/CD tools/platforms like Puppet, Jenkins, GIT, Docker.
Excellent Experience in Implementing CI (continuous integration) and CD (continuous delivery) using Various tools.
Actively involved in the DevOps streamlining process through Jenkins CI and CD Release Automation.
Proficient in all aspects of software life cycle like Build/Release/Deploy and specialized in cloud automation through open-source DevOps tools like Jenkins, Chef.
Experience in writing Maven, Gradle and ANT to build scripts, providing logging facility using Log4j, Writing JUnit test cases, and using Clear Quest, JMeter for bug tracking.

Technical Skills
Programming Languages Java (JDK 8), Python, TypeScript, JavaScript, SQL.
Web Technologies Angular 8, TypeScript, Spring (IOC and AOP), JavaScript, AJAX, DOJO, HTML5, CSS, React JS, Vue.Js, Node JS.
Frameworks Spring Boot, Hibernate, Bootstrap, Struts.
Cloud Amazon Web Services (AWS), Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF)
Web Services SOAP, WSDL, REST, JAX-RPC, JAXB, JAX-WS, Apache Axis
Relational Databases Oracle 12c, MySQL, PostgreSQL, DB2, SQL Server
Non-relational Databases MongoDB, Elastic Search, DynamoDB
Development Tools IntelliJ, Eclipse, MyEclipse, Visual Studio Code, RAD, Net Beans, TOAD, ClearCase, Subversion, JUnit, UML, Jenkins, Power Designer
Application/Web Server Apache Tomcat, Jetty, Jboss7, Websphere8, and Web Logic
Version Control Gitlab, GitHub, Bit Bucket
Testing Tools Selenium, Cucumber, Postman, Soap UI, Putty, WinSCP

Professional Experience:
Walmart, Bentonville, Arkansas Feb 2022 –Present
Sr Full stack Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in the examination, outline, improvement, and testing periods of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC).
Followed Agile Scrum Methodology in the breakdown, characterizing, and reporting of the application which will bolster useful and business prerequisites.
Developed dynamic web pages using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, jQuery, Bootstrap, Less, SASS and AJAX.
Responsible for installation, support, and performance monitoring of high-profile applications running on IBM WebSphere Application Servers integrated with Apache HTTP Server and Oracle.
Developed single-page applications using React Redux architecture, ES6, web pack, and grunt.
Worked on Responsive Web Design and developed a single ISOMORPHIC responsive website that could be served to desktop, Tablets and mobile users using React.Js
Implemented HTTP REST API using NodeJS and tested RESTful services using POSTMAN.
Responsible for web application deployments over cloud services (web and worker roles) on Azure, using VS and PowerShell.
Database experience using Oracle 12c, SQL, SQL LOADER, Stored Procedures, TOAD, Explain Plan, TKPROF FUNCTIONS, Materialized Views, Database links, and streams.
Developed MySQL stored procedures and triggers using SQL to calculate and update the tables to implement business logic.
Involved in designing and developing the JSON, XML Objects with MySQL.
Deployed the Spring Batch application on Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) instance and bind the services like Java and PostgreSQL services.
Built on Microservices using spring boot, spring JPA, spring security and deployed to AWS cloud.
Developed and implemented the MVC Architectural Pattern using Spring Framework.
Experience in working with RESTful Web Services and implementing RESTful APIs and SOAP protocols.
Worked with JSON web tokens for authentication and authorization security configurations using Node.js.
Used RESTful web services producer and consumer concepts to build this API as a micro-Service.
Worked on core AWS services such as Setting up a new server (EC2) instances/services in AWS.
Experience on AWS Deploying, managing, and operating scalable, fault-tolerant systems and managed continuous delivery systems and methodologies on AWS.
Created functions and assigned roles in AWS Lambda to run python scripts, and AWS Lambda using java to perform event-driven processing.
Utilized Kubernetes for the runtime environment of the CI/CD system to build, test deploy.
Building/Maintaining Docker container clusters managed by Kubernetes Linux, Bash, GIT, Docker, on GCP (Google Cloud Platform). Utilized Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment of the CI/CD system to build, test deploy.
Worked with modules like MongoDB and mongoose for database persistence using Node.js to interact with mongo DB.
Worked on creating various types of indexes on different collections to get good performance in Mongo database.
Experience in the practical implementation of cloud-specific AWS technologies including IAM, MFA, Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2), Simple Storage Services (S3), Route 53, Cloud Formation, Elastic Bean Stalk, Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), RDS, and Cloud Watch.
Experience in Microservices development using spring boot and deployment in Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF).
Designed and implemented by configuring Topics in the new Kafka cluster in all environments.
Successfully secured the Kafka cluster with Kerberos.
Involved in writing application Context XML file that contains declarations and another dependent Object’s declaration. Writing two or more application components using spring.
Experience in web-based GIT repositories – Git Hub that can be stored, share, published, tested, and collaborate on web development projects.
Involved in version control by using GIT and participated in deploying the applications using Jenkins, supporting the deployed applications through debugging, and fixing.
Creating and Executing test scripts for regression testing of web application using Cucumber.
Scrum was used as the project management, JIRA & Confluence were the tools used to keep things tracked.
Experience in using Jasmine with other testing frameworks like Karma and Protractor.

Capital One, McLean, Virginia Jul 2020 – Jan 2022
Java Full Stack Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in analysis, specification, design, and implementation, and testing phases of Software.
Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and used agile methodology (SCRUM) for developing application.
Development following a Scrum /Agile development model Adhering to Test Driven Development (TDD).
Worked with Test Driven Development (TDD) using JUnit.
Designed and developed user interactive screens using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular 8.
Implementation of Frameworks such as jQuery for UI development.
Used Java 1.8 features like Stream, Lambdas, and filters to process order data.
Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST APIs using Component-based, architecture provided by Angular 8.
Experience with J2EEdevelopment with Hibernate, Servlets, Struts, Spring.
Monitored and maintain the logs of the PCF Spring Batch application from the PCF Apps manager.
Implemented and developed an application using spring (IOC, AOP, MVC, Security, Boot, Batch), Hibernate, REST-based Web Services.
Involved in developing API’s and RESTAPI proxy used for sending mobile notifications.
Designed and developed Micro Services-based business components and RESTful service endpoints using Spring boot.
Implemented data structures like Linked Lists, Array Lists and used concurrent Hash Map.
Created and maintained several Micro Services serving various functions in the cloud-service layer as well as the web layer.
Working with Pivotal cloud foundry (PCF) to deploy and run the applications through Jenkins.
Written SQL Queries and stored procedures to interact with Oracle DB.
Created tables, triggers, stored procedures, SQL queries, joins, integrity constraints, and views for multiple databases
Implemented the authentication, authorization, and access-control features by using Spring Security and OAuth.
Designed, configured, and maintained all JSP manufacturing database systems including replication.
Expertise in working with development tools like Maven and GITHUB.
Used JIRA as a defect tracking system for all projects, and GitHub as a code repository to manage project code.
Used Maven as builds automation tool for deploying the project on Web Sphere Application Server and used Jenkins to perform continuous Integration and Used JIRA as an issue tracking tool.
Used Selenium library to automate the Feature file and selenium test scripts.
Used GIT for version control tool and RAD for IDE.
Experience in using Mockito to stub and verify method calls and behaviour of objects.

Prudential Financial, Newark, New Jersey Dec 2018 to Jul 2020
Full Stack Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in various Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) phases of the project like Requirement
gathering, development, enhancements using agile methodologies.
Developed the user interface using JSP, JSTL, JavaScript, Custom Tags, jQuery, HTML and CSS.
Strong proficiency in various SOA concepts and technologies such as SOAP, REST, WSDL, and XML.
Used Vue.Js for creating html page to display and interact with the user interface.
Used Spring MVC for implementing the Web layer of the application. This includes developing Controllers, Views, and Validators.
Developed the service and domain layer using Spring Framework modules like Core-IOC, AOP.
Implemented the caching mechanism in Hibernate to load data from Oracle database.
Developed the Application Framework using Java, Spring, Hibernate and Log4J.
Configured Hibernate session factory in applicationcontext.xml to integrate Hibernate with Spring.
Consumed and Create REST Web services using Spring and Apache CXF
Implemented Spring JMS message listeners with JMS queues for consumption of Asynchronous requests.
Configured ApplicationContext.xml in spring to adopt communication between Operations and their corresponding handlers.
Developed Spring rest controllers to manage JSON data and wrote Dao’s and services to handle the data.
Created DB tables, functions, Joins, and wrote prepared statements using SQL.
Developed MySQL stored procedures and triggers using SQL to calculate and update the tables to implement business logic.
Used IntelliJ for development and JBoss Application Server for deploying the web application.
Proficient in creating and managing Docker containers using OpenShift platform.
Hands-on experience in implementing and managing Kubernetes cluster on OpenShift.

IBing Software Solutions Private Limited Hyd India Aug 2015 to Jul 2017
Java Full stack Developer
Responsibilities:
Developed an enterprise application using WebLogic Server, HTML5, JSP, CSS.
Utilized efficient data flow architecture to create a lightweight and render efficient web app that searched projects via the GitHub API through keywords.
Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality.
Used React-Autocomplete for creating google map’s location search on the webpage Added Excel Builder to download the Tabular data in Excel format.
Developed user interface using Spring Framework, Spring MVC, Hibernate
Worked on google cloud platform (GCP) services like compute engine, cloud load balancing, cloud storage, cloud SQL, stack driver monitoring, and cloud deployment manager.
Implemented business logic using JavaEE 6 using syntax JDK 1.6 and Used RTC as Version Control.
Used Jenkins for building and deploying the application in the development environment and IBM urban code for deploying various environments.
Engaged in developing new build scripts using DevOps tools.
Troubleshooting the VM and rule priorities.
Experience in writing integration tests and end-to-end tests in addition to Unit Tests.
Learning company business model.
Cooperating & communicating with other team members for efficient management work.
Identifying and implementing necessary development and tasks to meet company goals and commitments.
Understanding the client’s requirements.

A3 IT Solutions, India May 2014 – Jul 2015
Jr Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in prototyping, proof of concept, design, Interface Implementation, testing, and maintenance.
Designed and developed front view components using HTML and JSP.
Developed Interactive web pages using AJAX and JavaScript.
Developed UI navigation using Struts MVC architecture (JSP, JSF, tiles, JSTL, Custom Tags).
Created services for various modules like Account (CD/Checking/Savings) Creation and
maintenance using Struts framework.
Developed reusable utility classes in core java for validation which are used across all modules.
Used JNDI to support transparent access to distribute/d components, directories and services.
Provided data persistence via Hibernate for CRUD operations in the application.
Configured and tested the application with database server Oracle 10g.
Used Oracle, server databases as backend applications and generated queries using Toad.
Deployed and tested the application with servers Tomcat, JBoss.
Responsible for writing JUnit test cases and Peer level testing.
Involved in bug fixing using Jira.
Involved in developing various reusable Helper and Utility classes using Core Java, which are being used across all the modules of the application.

Education:
Masters in Computer Science from Lamar University, Beaumont, Texas
Bachelors in Computer Science from Vignana Bharathi Institute of technology, Hyderabad, India.
Contact this candidate