Elias Staehle
Software Developer, Active Secret Clearance
Stafford, VA
719-***-****
advlpr@r.postjobfree.com
Elias Staehle LinkedIn
github.com/EDStaehle
JavaScript Full-Stack developer and Marine Corps Veteran. Passionate about using code to maximize efficiency while developing creative, customer-focused solutions. I love creating products that have a friendly user experience and watching my ideas come to life through code. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages: JavaScript, HTML, CSS
Skills and Tools: React, React-Native, Node.js, Express, MongoDB, Next.js, Gatsby, Astro, Redux, Expo, SCSS, Git, GitHub, VSCode Bootstrap, jQuery, Jest, Supertest, GraphQL, PostgreSQL, SQLite, Web Sockets, Socket.io, Agile, Xcode, Heroku, Netlify, Vercel, AWS S3, AWS Lambda, AWS DynamoDB, AWS Amplify, AWS SNS, AWS API Gateway, Trello, Projects, Slack, Discord PROJECTS
ProdigyPath, Jan 2023 - github.com/Prodigy-Path/Prodigy-Path#readme
● Web application designed to allow users to make connections as either a mentor or a protege to be able to learn crucial skills in an industry they are interested in.
● Built with Express, Socket.io, Redux, React, MongoDB, Netlify, JSX, Mantine Components, and Jest testing.
VibesVille, Nov 2022 - github.com/DERS-in-the-Headlights/Pre-work#readme
● A web application that allows users to search for a job based on keywords or location and receive information about the city the job is located in.
● Built with JavaScript, Node.js, React.js, CSS and various API’s such as the teleport ipi for location information.
Dungeons and Data - Dec 2022 github.com/dungeons-and-data/dungeons-and-data
● This is a CLI based game that mocks the popular game “Dungeons and Dragons” where users can sign in and be either a Dungeon Master or be a hero and play a game of DND entirely in the command line.
● This application was built using socket.io, inquirer, and express. EDUCATION
Code Fellows - Seattle, WA
Certificate - Advanced Software Development in Full-Stack JavaScript - 2023. USMC, Fort Lee VA
Certificate - CNC Machinist 2018
EXPERIENCE
Ross IND INC. Woodbridge, VA, Manual Machinist, Jun 2022 - Aug 2022
● Completed over 200 different machining projects over the course of 3 months.
● Operated a Manual Mill with a CNC controller that no other machinist up to that point was able to use. I was able to prove its effectiveness and save the company over
$30,000 by being able to prove that the machine was useful and not a wasted purchase
United States Marine Corps- Jacksonville NC, Marine, Machinist, Martial Arts instructor, Jun 2017 - june 2022
● Worked as a machinist for four years and a martial arts instructor for 3 years.
● Completed more than 1000 different projects such as fabricating tank parts, and completing bolt extractions during my service. Resulting in saving the Marine Corps over a million dollars in parts and equipment.
● I trained Marines for over 1000 hours on different levels of martial arts instruction.
Contact this candidate