Page * of *
Kenneth Black
Full Stack Software Developer, Focus on Gameplay/Mobile/Web
Result-driven developer with 6+ years of experience working on all facets of full-stack mobile/web and gameplay development. Core competencies include full-stack development for all technical stacks pertaining to web and mobile, database design, API development, data analysis, CI/CD, and testing pipelines. Best practices conforming to production level code and working with centralized/decentralized teams, as lead and developer.
adwfms@r.postjobfree.com
630-***-****
San Diego, United States
www.upwork.com/freelancer
s/~011e71548533ea9a02
linkedin.com/in/kenneth-
black-34714bb0
GAMEPLAY DEVELOPMENT EXPERIENCE
Implemented various gameplay logic in consulting jobs and personal projects. I have a strong passion for design patterns with object-oriented coding and developing complex features that come to life. Most of my work has been in C#(Unity) and some in C++(Unreal). Logic I've worked on includes procedural generation of maps and objectives, data structures like inventory systems and character stats, bitmasks for auto tiling (and other use cases), weighted loot tables, advanced melee and ranged combat, ﬁnite state machines and behavioral trees for ai, economy systems, animations (2d and 3d), sound managers, etc. I also have experience with the core design loop, level design, end2end testing, and other facets of gameplay development.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages C#, C++, Typescript, Bash, Python, Kotlin, Swift
Database
Architecture
MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB (Atlas,
Realm, etc.), and DynamoDB
Cloud
Development
AWS (EC2 with S3 ﬁle storage, autoscaling
instances with SQS), Serverless, GCP,
Heroku, Digital Ocean, Cycle,
Docker/Kubernetes etc.
Frameworks: [Backend] NodeJS, Ruby on Rails,
Django/Flask, Serverless Lambda.
[Frontend] React, Redux, React Native,
Angular, Cordova, etc.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Lead Mobile and Full Stack Web Developer
BALLER TV
03/2021 - 12/2022,
Last funding round was Series B
Created the POC, ran initiatives, and led the team for a new scorekeeping experience written in Typescript using React Native and Redux Toolkit with Rails and Postgres for the backend. Scorekeeper was used for communicating with streaming devices to start and end games, as well as an interface to keep real-time score and stay synchronized with the server. Maintained current scorekeeper application with any necessary changes, written in Objective-C. Assembled an automated highlight reel using FFMPEG to merge clips, overlay animations and images, and convert resolution while keeping quality seamless.
Programmed full-stack web features for both consumers and operations with React and Rails. Built from scratch a new Consumer App in React Native with a small development team to meet strict deadlines. The app’s purpose was for users to login and watch streams for events they’re attending. Worked on the hd-sync process (converting 720p to 1080p) in python with autoscaling instances using SQS. Data Sanitization using python to prepare our data for autonomy (used data from Redshift). Achievements/Tasks
Page 2 of 3
WORK EXPERIENCE
Consultant
Self Employed
02/2020 - 02/2021,
Chillow (CTO): Created roommate matching application in React Native and NodeJS with many large features such as login auth (social media, apple, google), roommate swipe-to-match, chat capabilities with Pubnub, background check with EvidentID, payment capabilities with Dwolla, Apple Pay, and Google Pay, maps integrations with Google Maps, reviews, and posting a room. Backend created in NodeJS with MariaDB database hosted on AWS EC2. As CTO, I facilitated other developers on the project while architecting the application, creating most of the components, and communicating with the design team. Flipﬂops: Cross-platform applications used to deliver food to users near beaches. Created components in Kotlin. Mammoth Media: Deployed to iOS and Android, new versions of a casual mobile game built in Unity. Called zigzag on app store. Animallicious : A social platform to share animal videos (using JW Player) on iOS and Android using Swift and Java with a PHP backend. Was brought in to clean the project structure and ﬁx bugs in outsourced code. Varfaj, two projects: telescope.varfaj.com - Website to gather current news from Naviga API for stocks. Used python with cron jobs to pull data and store in MySQL database to display on front-end. Website done in Angular with NodeJS backend to connect to database, Purple State – Application to follow political parties and current bills on iOS and Android. Fixed many production breaking bugs in outsourced code.
Bright Development: Created backend with NodeJS hosted on Digital Ocean for a website on a government contract. Kenziescloset.org: Made JS forms connecting to Bloomerang for donations to their non-proﬁt events. Created a “text to give” feature for donations via text.
Solar Turbines
Senior Hybrid Mobile Developer
09/2019 - 02/2020,
Developed and maintained Solar’s mobile app Insight, used to monitor their gas compressor packages, built cross-platform with Apache Cordova.
Worked on components for a new Insight app, migrating Apache Cordova framework over to React Native, compartmentalizing components and streamlining UI.
Lead Mobile Developer
VERB DB (End Client: BP Oil)
12/2018 - 08/2019,
Individually created and deployed BPs North American b2b iOS and Android app with backend created in PHP/MySQL in a two-month time frame. Included technologies such as JWT Authentication, Biometrics, Apple/Google Calendar, and custom REST API. Refactored old code for a more uniﬁed company technical stack and dev process with CI/CD and pipelines. Collaborated with front-end and back-end developers to address all technical needs of the project. Developed SaaS software in Pheonix, Elixir, and PostgreSQL. Founder, Developer and Business Strategist
ELODUS CONSULTING
08/2017 - 12/2018,
A consulting company I created for development work on a few diﬀerent consulting sites. I had other developer and designers help with various deliverables. EzDetailPro: Native Android and iOS CMS app for auto detailers to manage their clients. App included client scheduling and prospect tracking, inventory management, modiﬁable task checklist, billing with Stripe/Square, subscription, account settings, etc. Colonial Lawn: Cross-platform in-house employee management and contract estimation calculator app for San Francisco based lawn mowing company used to track employee hours and workloads and estimate lawn mowing services with in-app calculations. SapaApp: Used to organize attendees and maintain scheduled events for a yearly festival. Other Clients: Custom scripts including web scrapers, NLP and deep learning algorithms, data scraping and analysis in Python with Django/Flask and Tensorﬂow, Mobile Puzzle Game in Unity, React Native CMS app, Apple TV Business Templates, Bug Hunting, etc. Achievements/Tasks
Achievements/Tasks
Achievements/Tasks
Achievements/Tasks
Page 3 of 3
WORK EXPERIENCE
Web/Mobile Development Internship, CI/CD Developer BUILDERTREND
05/2017 - 09/2017,
Created web components using several frameworks and technical stacks: .NET, Angular, and knockoutJS. Worked on components for both Android and iOS applications. Was brought over to deployment side to add CI/CD to their DevOps environment. College Freelance Coding
Self Employed
Sodima Solutions (Machine Learning/ UI Dev) [December 2016 – May 2017]: Developed NLP Algorithms and deep learning model with Tensorﬂow/Keras for ﬁtness chatbot.
Flyer Events ( Mobile Developer) [November 2015 – April 2016]: Android Application connected to several APIs and custom MySQL database for event management app.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering
Iowa State University
Ames, Iowa
Senior design concept won hackathon for ML/AI, reﬁning autonomous movement simulated in Unity. CERTIFICATES
PROFESSIONAL SCRUM DEVELOPER (10/2019 - Present) IBM DATA SCIENCE PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATE
(12/2020 - Present)
INTERESTS
3d printing Playing Drums/Guitar Hiking Jiu Jitsu/Wrestling Homebrewing Reading Science Fiction Computer History
Achievements/Tasks
Achievements/Tasks
Experience
Contact this candidate