Mounika A
Java Full Stack Developer
adwp8s@r.postjobfree.com
+1-940-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Results-driven software professional with 8 + years of experience in Development and Operations.
Experience in Software Development Life Cycle (Process Engineering, Design, Development, Deployment Support and Testing) using Agile and waterfall methodologies.
Excellent analytical and critical thinking, creative problem solving, quick learning, interpersonal and client interfacing skills.
Experience in OOAD architecture and modeling and designing.
Experience on front-end technologies such HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap and Angular and react.
Experience concurrency in the project using Java 8 new features like default, static methods and Concurrency API.
Proficient with container systems like Docker and container orchestration like EC2 Container Service, Kubernetes, worked with Terraform.
Managed Docker orchestration and Docker containerization using Kubernetes.
Used Kubernetes to orchestrate the deployment, scaling and management of Docker Containers.
Strong hands-on experience in developing the Enterprise and Web applications on N-tier Architecture using Java/J2EE and java-based technologies such as Spring, Servlets, JSP, Hibernate, Web services (REST and SOAP), XML, JPA, JMS and JDBC.
Built applications using React.JS with ES6 which allowed us to render pages on both the client and server using the same codebase, developed web and mobile applications using ES6 features and frameworks such as React, React Native and Redux.
Worked on building web applications using Spring Framework features like Spring Boot, Spring MVC (Model View Controller), AOP (Aspect Oriented Programming), IOC (Inversion of Control), DAO (Data Access Object) and template classes.
Implemented Maven and Restful Web Services.
Experience in using Oracle, Postgre SQL, Cassandra and MySQL databases.
Good Knowledge in NOSQL data base like DynamoDB and MongoDB
Assisted teams in creating Dynatrace dashboards, Agent setup and configuring user permissions.
Used Splunk and Nagios for monitoring applications.
Used Jenkins for automation and deploying artifacts.
Expertise on Angular controllers, model objects, directives, factory, service resources and routings.
Expertise on Ext JS, jQuery, Angular, React JS, Node JS and good exposure on JSON.
Developed crypto rest services using NodeJS and integrated services with HSM (Hardware Security Module).
Extensive Full - Stack/Front-End development experience building, deploying, and maintaining web apps with CSS3, JavaScript, Angular13, ReactJS, Redux, HTML5, Bootstrap, NodeJS, AJAX and JSON.
Used React.JS for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.
Strong experience on Java 8 features like Lambda expressions and Stream API for Bulk data operations, Parallel operations on Collections which would increase the performance of the Application.
Skilled in managing Amazon Web Services like EC2, S3 bucket, ELB, Auto-Scaling, SNS, SQS, AMI, IAM, Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) through AWS Console and API Integration.
Experience in writing shell scripts using UNIX commands.
Experience in developing unit test cases using JUnit and Mockito.
Expertise in Configuring and setup SSL for data encryption and client authentication.
Involved in build and deployment of the applications in development, system acceptance environments using Jenkins.

Extensive experience in using agile tools Mingle and JIRA.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Languages
Java, J2EE, SQL, PL/SQL
J2EE Technologies
Servlets, JDBC, JSP, JMS, Java Security, Collections
Web Technologies
HTML5, JavaScript, jQuery, ES6, CSS3, Bootstrap, JSF, Angular, React,
JSON, AJAX, NodeJS, XML, DOM, SAX, XSD, XSLT, SOAP, REST
Tools & Framework
Spring, Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring AOP, Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, Spring Data (JPA), Hibernate, Struts, ANT, Maven, Apache ActiveMQ, Apache
Camel
Web services
SOAP, UDDI, WSDL, JAX-RPC, Restful, JAX-RS, JAX-WS, JAX-B, Axis2
Architecture
SOA, Microservices
Web/App Servers
Apache Tomcat, JBoss
Database
Oracle, MySQL, Oracle 10g/11g/12c, MySQL, DB2, Postgres, SQL server
NoSQL Databases
MongoDB, Cassandra, PostgreSQL
Cloud Environments
AWS, PCF, Netflix Eureka, Kubernetes
Testing
JUnit, Soap UI, Postman, JMeter, Jasmine, Karma, Mockito.
Version control
CVS, GitHub, Bit Bucket
Build Tools
Maven 3.5.4, Gradle 3.4.1, Ant, Log4J
Tools
Grunt, Gulp, Jenkins, Docker, JIRA, Clear quest
OS & Environment
Windows and Linux

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

LinkedIn, Remote Jan 2021- Present
Role: Sr. Java Full Stack Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) as requirement gathering, modeling, analysis, architecture design & development and worked with the business team to review the requirements.
Working on Global environment Development Support Project KYC application compliance
Core Java experience, including distributed systems development experience
Created reusable modules custom modules, custom directives, primes, services in Angular 13
Implemented Spring Framework based RESTFUL Web Services for handling and persisting of requests and Spring MVC for returning response to presentation tier.
Developing the Equities Trading system in Core Java
Extensively Involved in upgrading the systems from Angular 12 to angular 13
Experience in building producer applications for KAFKA and Configuration in KAFKA
Involved in writing JUnit test cases and Maven scripts for the application
Used JDBC to invoke Stored Procedures and also used JDBC for database connectivity to SQL
Developed Stored Procedures, triggers and functions using PL/SQL and for data integrity among all tables.
Writing complex SQL queries and reviewing SQL queries for the other team members.
Responsible for specific technical deliverables which include supporting activities required for an Agile release train ( PI planning, story pointing, etc), providing detailed design documentation as necessary, assisting in development operation activities as needed, producing code development in Java / J2EE, JMS, KAKFA, producing automated unit tests, providing configuration data as needed, assisting with system implementation and providing POST implementation support.
Involved in code review and test case review process.
Developing user-facing applications using Vue.js
Develop API for Pingdom/Mattermost using Spring Boot architecture and Kafka
Contribute to design and development tasks, operate within a global team, incorporating a variety of technical skills including Core Java
Responsible for Configuring Apache Kafka Consumer and Producer metrics to visualize the Kafka System performance and monitoring.
Extensively used the Java collection Framework Classes for Holding the Application objects.
Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using AJAX, JavaScript, and ReactJS.
Participated in development of a well responsive single page application using ReactJS framework and JavaScript in conjunction with HTML5, CSS3 standards, with front end UI team.
Used spring Validator framework for client side and server-side validation. Also implemented dynamic loading of JSP’s using AJAX.
Planned, constructed, and iterated upon a contacts management single-page application (SPA) and custom REST API using Angular, MongoDB, Node.js, and Express.js.
Gained Knowledge on Electrode Platform which is a NodeJS/Web platform built on top of the ReactJS and Hapi JS frameworks.
Strong Java development skills, with good understanding of core java
Developed Web API using NodeJS and hosted on multiple load balanced API instances.
Extensively used NodeJS on front end (used namespaces, closures and custom bindings).
Used NodeJS for doing non-blocking design operation for server-side code.
Built REST by building NodeJS in the backend to handle requests sent from the jQuery Ajax calls.
Worked in using React Js components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Redux concept.
Implement the web application using Express, Angular along with HTML5, CSS3, Typescript, jQuery, Bootstrap and other web technologies.
Very good troubleshooting skills including ability to analyze core dumps and profile code for memory leaks
Kafka integration with Spark using Spark Streaming API.
Worked on scala for implementing spark machine learning libraries and spark Streaming.
Developed data ingestion application to bring data from source system to Hbase using spark streaming,kafka.
Implemented AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto scaling groups, optimized
Managed servers on the AWS platform instances using Puppet, Chef, Ansible, Configuration management.
Managed servers on the AWS platform instances using Puppet, Chef, Ansible, Configuration management.
Accrue version control system has been used to check-in and checkout the developed artifacts.
Worked on creating Microservices, API, and created Docker Files for different Microservices. Worked on Swagger API and auto-generated documentation for all REST calls.
Environment: Java 1.8, J2EE, Java 8.0, Spring 4, Spring JPA, Spring boot 1.1.5, Spring cloud, Spring Security, Hibernate, JavaScript, Angular, ReactJS, HTML 5.0/4.0, CSS, Python 3.3, Ajax, JQuery, Swagger API, Lombok API, JBoss, Angular 12/13,Eclipse, Kubernetes, Docker, Gradle, Stash, log4j, JUnit, XML, Postgres,Web Services, SOAP, WSDL, JAX-RS, Splunk, Apache Kafka, MongoDB, Windows XP, Design Patterns, AWS, WebLogic10.2, SQL, PL/SQL, TOAD, Oracle 10g, DB2, Docker, Maven, Jenkins, Putty, Log4J, JUnit, Mockito, Apache Camel, Jersey, JSON, XML, x, NodeJS.

Equifax, GA May 2018 to Dec 2020
Role: Full Stack Java/J2EE Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in the development of necessary new modules and service programs using Java/J2EE technologies. Participates in professional systems analysis projects and work initiatives.
Reviews and analyzes functional requirements for identification of data sources and target systems.
Participate in professional systems analysis projects and work initiatives.
Created Angular directives, services and controllers for complete ground up development and migration of existing JSF web application.
Analyze suitable security implementation for the Payment Portal and secure it via authentication and authorization protocol.
Develop security work related to user authentication got payment portal using Spring Security.
Update the legacy applications to the latest versions. Created various complex reports using Crystal Reports XI R2
Maintained Interface compatibility and concurrency in the project using Java 8 new features like default, static methods and Concurrency API.
Review and Analysis of functional requirements for identification of data sources and target systems.
Develop technical specifications for the development and enhancement of data load processes.
Develop, document and revise system design procedures, test procedures, and quality standards.
Refer documentation, periodicals, and technical reports to learn how to develop programs that meet staff and user requirements.
Develops, documents and revises system design procedures, test procedures, and quality standards.
Develops UI and backend applications using Java, Spring, JavaScript, and Prime faces.
Refers to documentation, periodicals, and technical reports to learn how to develop programs that meet staff and user requirements.
Hive External tables are created mapped to the data stored in the HDFS and hive tables are accessed using spark SQL.
Experience working on spark, Spark SQL on Cloudera Platform
Assists in end user UAT cycles and production support to business users. Ensures standards and best practices used in the code development are followed, documented, and maintained.
The technical environment includes Java/J2ee Technologies, SQL Server, WebLogic, Spring Framework, SOAP, Restful Web Services and Oracle 12c.
Involved in the analysis, design, and development phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Agile (SCRUM) development methodology to deliver regular updates to business team and project managers.
Developed UI pages using HTML5, Angular, Bootstrap, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and NodeJS.
Build the reusable service components with Angular, Bootstrap, and JSX that are used across various modules.
Worked on some of the new features of Angular like new if else syntax, ng-templates, and form validators.
Developed an Angular workflow manager leveraging Angular-UI's state router for flexible configuration and management of multi-step user input flows.
Used NodeJS for doing non-blocking design operation for server-side code.
Built REST by building NodeJS in the backend to handle requests sent from the jQuery Ajax calls.
Responsible for developing a front-end application using React Js and Redux architecture for internal team's productivity use.
Experienced in React Js and working with React Redux architecture.
Deployed Micro service architecture using Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF).
Implemented jQuery to develop the widgets and to perform the client-side validations, UI centric Ajax behavior.
Implemented the MVC architecture using Backbone.js, NodeJS and Angular, ReactJS.
Client-Side code were written in ReactJS, jQuery and server-Side Code were developed using MVC4.
Wrote SQL queries, stored procedures, triggers, views, and enhanced performance with explain plans.
Developed API for using AWS Lambda to manage the servers and run the code in the AWS.
Used AWS Cloud watch in alerting, maintaining, and monitoring of production and corporate servers/storage. Experience with building Docker Images and running them on Docker container.
Designed and configured management reports and dashboards using Kibana.
Used Camel-Spring-WS integration to access web services based on SOAP action and camel endpoint mapping.
Developed grunt tasks to run the unit tests on Jenkins and Used JIRA to assign, track, report and audit the issues in the application.
Worked with several testing frameworks such as JUnit and Mockito.
Used Eclipse based Spring Tool Suite (STS) for development and debugging Spring Boot applications.
Configured and administered Jenkins for CI/CD into Tomcat Application Server.
Environment: J2EE, Java 1.8, Spring MVC, XML, AJAX, Angular, NodeJS, React JS, AWS, JavaScript, Hibernate, Bootstrap, JIRA, Spring Boot, Web services, Micro services, Pivotal Cloud Foundry, AWS, ELK stack, Maven, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, Docker, Postgres, Tomcat, Git, Jenkins, Apace Camel, STS. HTML5, CSS3, Java Script, Prime faces, Spring framework modules, JSP, Oracle, MongoDB, MVC, JUnit, Maven, JAX-RS, Log4J, Weblogic12c, Microservices, Bitbucket, Spring Security

Shah Corp Burnsville, MN Oct 2016 to April 2018
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) as requirement gathering, modeling, analysis, architecture design & development and worked with the business team to review the requirements.
Developed static pages using HTML5, CSS3, JSP with Ajax calls in jQuery to retrieve data as JSON Object from back-end RESTful Server, then display the well-organized result in web pages by writing Angular controller, directives, services, and route providers. Also, used Angular filter to make the data searchable and sortable.
Created single page application with loading multiple views using route services and adding more user experiences to make it more dynamic by using Angular framework.
Worked on database migration project from Sybase to oracle.
Used NodeJS for building web applications with client-server architecture, where both can initiate communication in two-way connections and allow them to exchange data.
Maintained Interface compatibility and concurrency in the project using Java 8 new features like default, static methods, and Concurrency API.
Changing the AWS infrastructure Elastic Beanstalk to Docker with Kubernetes.
Developed complex Multithreaded Java applications for processing large volumes of data to achieve Multitasking.
Used Java 1.8 Lambda expressions along with Streams for creating internal iteration and performing chain operations such as Filter, Map, Collect on a collection.
Used Spring MVC framework at the Web tier level to isolate each layer of the application so that complexity of integration will be reduced, and maintenance will be very easy.
Used Spring AOP for solving crosscutting concerns like keeping customer log data and transactions details etc.
Experience in Working on the React.js Applications with Redux.
Used Spring Batch for processing large amount of data like transaction management, job processing, resource management and logging.
Designed and developed Crystal Reports, the Cross Tab Reports, and Top N Reports for displaying vital data and summary reports with drill-down capabilities.
Secured the API's by implementing Oauth2 token-based authentication/authorization scheme using spring security.
Used React.JS for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX concepts.
Developed the persistence layer using Hibernate Framework by configuring the various mappings in hibernate files and created DAO layer.
Worked with MongoDB to store non-relational data into collection and retrieve them whenever required.
Involved in writing SQL and Stored Procedures for handling complex queries with help of TOAD and access them through Java Programs from Oracle Database.
Developed REST API's using Spring MVC and Spring boot, hosted all microservices on AWS and used Elastic Beanstalk to setup application and configured environments.
Designed and developed Micro Services Architecture to divide application into business components using Spring Boot.
Developed a production-level cloud-based architecture in AWS, including creating machine Images like AMI.
Involved in creating EC2 instances and installed required configurations and applications on it and created S3 buckets for storing object level data into it.
Involved in creating resources stack on AWS EC2 using Cloud Formation by writing Template files.
Used Docker for creating Docker images for launching containers on AWS EC2 and Expert in using Docker for Environment provision solution.
Designed Frontend within object-oriented JavaScript Framework like Backbone.JS, Angular and Ext.JS.
Developed SQL Statements as well as PL/SQL Stored Procedures for searching contractors depending on Selection Criteria.
Environment: Agile methodology, Java 1.8, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular, React, STS, J2EE, Hibernate, Spring framework modules, JSP, Oracle, MongoDB, MVC, Jira, Jenkins, JUnit, Maven, JAX-RS, Log4J, Apache Tomcat, Spring Boot, Micro services, Postgres, AWS, Elastic Beanstalk, Spring Batch, Docker, Elastic search, STS, Tortoise SVN.

Forsys Software, India May 2014 to Sep 2016
Role: Full Stack Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in Documentation and Use case design using UML modeling include development of Class diagrams, Sequence diagrams, and Use Case Transaction diagrams.
Involved in all the phases of SDLC including Requirements Collection, Design and Analysis of the Customer Specifications, Development and Customization of the application.
Used the J2EE design patterns like Value Object Pattern, Business Delegate, Service Locator and Session Façade, Singleton, Factory and DAO.
Developed the application under J2EE architecture using JSP, Struts, spring, Java Beans.
Developed layout of Web Pages using Tiles and CSS.
Developed JSP pages as per requirements used Dojo JavaScript Library with AJAX to add user functionalities, jQuery UI for client-side validation.
Integrated Hibernate ORM framework with spring framework for data persistence and transaction management.
Maintaining the business standards in EJB and deployed them in WEBSPHERE 7 application server
Developed the data access layer components as entity Beans based on EJB API.
Created Front end pages Using JSP's and handle the server-side logic in EJB 3.0 and Servlets
Tested all major functionalities using JUnit and Power Mock.
Used Subversion for version control and source code management.
Prepared technical reports and documentation manuals during the program development.
Interacted with users in case of technical problems and mentored the business users.
Deploy the applications in JBOSS Application Server & Tomcat servers.
Implemented Logging using Apache Log4j for the Data Extraction jobs.
Built the reusable service components using AngularJS services with Object Oriented JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS3 based on the visual designs.
Utilized React.JS & REDUX for rendering and deployment of end setting web pages.
Modularized front-end CSS and JS code with Sass. Built a real-time mouse/click user analytics web service with Node.JS.
Created sites to organize client contracts and to summarize monthly financial data using Ember.js, D3.js and MySQL.
Environment: Jdk 1.7, UML, Struts 1.2, Struts Tiles, Struts Validator, Hibernate, AngularJs, jQuery, Spring, EJB, BEA WebLogic 9.1, AJAX, XML, DOM, JDBC, CSS, Eclipse, Postgres, ANT, Log4j, JUnit, Power Mock, SVN, Oracle 10g and Windows.
Contact this candidate