Kavyarani Bavikatti
Phone: 603-***-****
Email: adwrpr@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kavyarani-bavikatti-09a42543/
Professional Summary:
As an accomplished full stack Technical Lead at Ametek Precitech Inc., I have a proven track record of driving success with customers and internal teams by designing and implementing effective JavaScript solutions. My expertise includes collaborating with clients to strategize and drive business value from the platform and enabling them to adopt and scale up their roadmap. I am skilled in analyzing complex project issues, devising optimal solutions, and facilitating recommendations to clients and partners.
Professional Experience:
Expertise in developing HMI-based sites using JavaScript, NodeJS, SCSS, Handlebars, Knockout, ReactJS, and ES6.
Developed user interfaces using React and React Material UI and integrated UI with REST API.
Implemented UI design guidelines to ensure that the product's client-side functionality scales.
Well-versed in the concepts of Functional Programming, Socket I/O, Rest API, ZeroMQ.
Implemented Riak, ElasticSearch and Redis for providing quick response time, near real-time search experience and improve performance of the application.
Experience in developing and designing project infrastructure using Atomic Design Pattern.
Proficient in backend integration of the latest Node Packages.
Skilled in web-based component development, handling component policies, templates, and MVVM design.
Extensive experience in Atomic Design module setup and handling environment-specific variables.
Actively involved in requirement gathering, estimation, and design documentation.
Experience with NodeJS core functionalities like Child Process, Worker Threads, File System, ES6, MJS, and CJS.
Experienced in ElasticSearch, JSON Index creation, Localization, and Multilingual Translation.
Proficient in Swagger for API development and documentation
Experience creating Swagger documentation for RESTful web services
Familiarity with OpenAPI and related technologies
Expertise in troubleshooting, root cause analysis, cross-functional coordination, problem-solving, performance improvement, technical training, and ability to meet deadlines.
Experience in Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery techniques with Jenkins and BitBucket Pipeline.
Expertise in core Java concepts such as Collections, Generics, Multi-Threading, Serialization and Exception Handling
Proficient in developing Enterprise Applications using technologies such as Java, PHP, JSP, Servlets, Enterprise Java Beans, Restful and SOAP Web Services, JDBC, JMS, JAXB, SOA
Developed an enterprise application by writing server-side code with Node.js and Express Framework, a database to store and retrieve data with MongoDB and front-end Web pages designing with React JS
Experience with frameworks including Spring MVC, JSF, Spring and Hibernate
Developed an enterprise application by writing server-side code with Node.js and Express Framework, a database to store and retrieve data with MongoDB and front-end Web pages designing with React JS.
Experienced in developing modern applications using MERN Stack, Mongo DB, Express.JS, React JS and Node JS

Blogs:
https://medium.com/@kavyarani7/playing-images-stream-as-video-in-html5-a34948a57b12
https://medium.com/@kavyarani7/elasticsearch-scripts-9a5c042cf934
Github Links:
Java 8 lambada examples: https://github.com/kavyarani7/PingPongTableJavaSolution
HTML Canvas examples: https://github.com/kavyarani7/CanvasExample
JS number validator: https://github.com/kavyarani7/JSNumberValidator

Technical Skills:
Node JS, ReactJS, Redux, ChartJS, SCSS, KnockoutJS, Handlebars, ES6, HTML5, CSS3, Webpack, Gulp, Play framework, Scala, Hazelcast, Docker
Storage Solutions: Riak, ElasticSearch, Redis, MySQL, HazelCast.
Languages: JavaScript, NodeJS, ReactJS, Java
Tools/IDEs: WebStorm, InelliJ IDEA
Platforms: Mac OS, Windows 7/8/10/11, UNIX/Linux
Frameworks: Material UI, Play framework

Education:
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering from Siddaganga Institute of Technology affiliated to VTU with 8.36 CGPA – India

Professional experience:

Technical Lead 10th Aug 2016 – 16th Feb 2023
Ametek Precitech Inc, Keene, NH

Responsibilities:

Spearheaded the development of a cutting-edge single-page application for Precitech's new generation HMI for CNC machines called Freedom, utilizing ReactJS, ChartJS, KnockoutJS, Handlebars, Webpack, ES6, HTML5, SCSS, and Gulp.
Designed and implemented the backend to receive high-frequency data from the machine's controller using NodeJS, ExpressJS, ElasticSearch, and ZeroMQ.
Integrated storage and real-time search solutions with quick response times using ElasticSearch, Riak, and Redis.
Improved functionality by implementing Worker Threads for multi-threading capabilities for camera tracking.
Successfully led the project from inception to completion, including designing the tech stacks and overall architecture.
Built a team of 4 developers, a QA team, and a Product Owner and provided guidance and code reviews to ensure adherence to best practices.
Introduced Agile methodologies and tools such as Jira, Confluence, Jenkins, and BitBucket to increase team velocity.
Collaborated with the Product Owner and Team Manager to prioritize requirements and translate them into epics, stories, and tasks.
Delegated tasks among team members and provided assistance on high-priority or difficult tasks.
Maintained compliance with OpenAPI and documented RestAPIs on Swagger.
Developed an MVVM-based web application using an Atomic Design pattern.
Incorporated Atomic Design into the project to support fine granularity and promote independent development, reducing merge conflicts.

Environment: Node JS, ReactJS, Redux, ChartJS, SCSS, KnockoutJS, Handlebars, ES6, HTML5, CSS3, Webpack, Gulp, Socket IO, ZeroMQ.

Senior Software Engineer 30th Jun 2014 – 30th Jul 2016
ZAPI Technologies Ltd, Bengaluru, India

Responsibilities:
•Story owner of creating API client for Java and Node users and API documentation to
expose the APIs. I have used ExpressJS for creating Node client and simple MVN
project for creating Java client.
•I was responsible for optimizing system performance by indexing RIAK NoSQL DB using ElasticSearch and optimized ElasticSearch queries to improve the performance, which includes, creating APIs for the REST calls from UI, which includes Play framework with Java, JRJC, SOLR, RIAK, Elasticsearch, Logstash & Hazelcast
•I have also configured Bamboo and Docker for CI and CD, which included Unix and Batch scripting.
• I was actively also involved in requirement gathering and feature development and as part of development and bug fixing, I have resolved the OOTB product defect, by connecting with product support and dev team.
•Most complex functionality which was delivered by me includes migration of complex and error prone multi thread process to asynchronous Promises.
•Implemented JWT authentication integration with the Jira login credential.
•Integrated Jira users to be the plugin user using the Atlassian SDK.
•Deployed Docker image of the project in AWS.
•Implemented separate storage system for file attachments to issues of Jira in-order to save DB space on RIAK and Elasticsearch.
•Implemented LogStash and Kibana to provide support tools fior the support team to tackle the support tickets and make the logs of customer logs searchable using keywords, tags and full text search.

Environment: Play framework, Scala, ElasticSearch, Java, LogStash, Graphana, Kibana, RIAK, Hazelcast, Docker and having good knowledge of plugin development on Atlassian SDK.

Java/ J2EE Developer 3rd Oct 2011 – 28th Jun 2014
TCS, Bangalore, India

Responsibilities:
Involved in design, development, testing, and production deployment phases of the project using RUP SDLC.
Worked on Function Specifications and Design document.
Implemented SOA architectural pattern using SOAP based web services.
Integrated Struts with Spring using Delegating Action Proxy and AOP’s interceptors.
Presentation and controller layers were implemented using Struts Action Servlet, Action, Struts Validation Framework, Struts Tiles, JSPs
Developed Servlets to invoke business methods interacting with database via Hibernate Persistence Framework
Implemented the architecture using Portals, JSP, JSF, XML Document and Struts tag libraries, Form Beans, Action classes, Action Forms
Worked on User interface using HTML, Java Script, JQuery, CSS and Velocity
Extensively used the Client-side Validation using JavaScript, JQuery for applications involving wizards of several pages.
Created web-services both restful and soap based on scratch.
Used Session from Hibernate to get instance form Session Factory to connect to the database.

Environment: J2SE, J2EE, Spring, Hibernate 3.2, EJB, XML, JSP, DB2, PLSQL, Weblogic, Web Services (Soap and Restful), Websphere MQ, log4j, Toad, Apache Ant, Html, JavaScript, UML, CVS, Windows XP Professional, Unix
Contact this candidate