Name: Pavan Reddy
Email: adwuo1@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 469-***-****
FULL STACK JAVA DEVELOPER

Professional Summary:
Over 10 years of strong software experience in design, development, analysis and deployment of web-based and Client-Server business applications using Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD, OOPS) and Java1.8/1.7/1.6/1.5/JEE/J2EE technologies in Banking, Health Sector Domain with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Worked as Full Stack Developer Lead.
Hands on experience in working with Collections, Exception Handling, Multithreading, Generics.
Used NodeJS for server-side web applications for java script codes to build real-time web API's.
Well versed with consuming and publishing Web services as SOA Architecture based SOAP, WSDL, UDDI Components and REST working with data-exchange formats like XML and JSON formats.
Experience with and solid understanding of Microservices.
Experience in Persistence Framework like Hibernate ORM (Object Relational Mapping) in a typical n-tier architecture.
Extensive experience in developing applications using JSP, Servlets, JSF, and frameworks like Spring (MVC, AOP, IOC, DAO, Security, Boot), Struts, Hibernate.
Hands on experience in developing applications using J2EE Design Patterns like MVC Architecture, Singleton, Abstract Factory, Facade, DAO.
Experienced in developing Client-Server/ N-tier/ Web-Application Development using Java, J2EE, HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, Bootstrap, AngularJS, NodeJS.
Have hands-on expertise in Angular2, ReactJS, jQuery, JavaScript and Front-end templating languages.
Used Groovy in Java Programming with familiar Java syntax.
Significant experience in web development tools like Eclipse, IBM RAD and Spring Tool Suite
Experienced using WARs and EARs to build and deploy the applications in application servers using ANT scripts and different IDEs
Good knowledge and hands on experience in working with Selenium, UML, Junit and TDD
Good knowledge in JAVA SE, Java/J2EE and Groovy on Grails MVC, JSF web framework and React.js for rapid application development.
Experience in development, deployment and troubleshooting Web based and enterprise-based applications on Windows, UNIX and Linux platforms
Experience in using various configuration management tools like Visual Source Safe, IBM Clear Case, SVN and CVS.
Experience in working web applications deployed on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and configuring services like Aws Route, Cloud Front, Elastic load Balancer, EC2, RDS and Cloud watch.
Experience working in and building Continuous Integration (CI) and Continues Deployment (CD) by building custom build and deployments jobs in Jenkins, Bamboo and team city and building automation tests based on Gherkin, utilizing Cucumber and selenium web driver.
Involved in Production support as L1 & L2.

Technical Skills:

Languages
Java (J2SE1.8/1.6/1.5, J2EE 6/5), SQL, PL/SQL, Typescript.
Technologies
JSP2.1/2.0/1.2, Servlets2.x, JavaBeans, JDBC, Struts2.x/1.x, RMI, EJB3.0/2.1, Hibernate3.x/2.x, Spring 3.0, Spring 4, SOA, JMS1.1, SAX and DOM Parsers, AJAX, JAXB2.1/2.0, JAXP1.x, LDAP, Sybase Power Designer, RESTful and SOAP web services

Web Technologies
HTML/DHTML, XHTML1.1, JavaScript1.x, XML1.0, XSL, XSLT, CSS, Bootstrap, Angular-JS.
Web/Application Servers
Tomcat 7.x/6.x/5.x, WebLogic10.3/9.2/8.1/7.0, IBM WebSphere 8.x/7.x/6. x.
Design Patterns
MVC, Front Controller, Session Façade, Singleton, Business Delegate and DAO patterns
Data Base
Oracle 11g/10g/9i/8i, MS SQL Server 2005/2000, MySQL5.1/4.1, DB2 9.1/8.1/7.2, Mongo DB.
Platforms
Windows, UNIX, LINUX
Methodologies
Agile Methodology, RUP, Extreme Programming
Build Tools
Rational Rose, CVS, PVCS, Git, SVN, VSS, Clear Case, JIRA, Jenkins, JUnit, TestNG, Selenium, Mockito, ANT, Maven, Gradle, EC2, VPC.

Professional Experience:

Dell Technologies
Austin, Texas Aug 2021– Present
Full Stack Java Developer

Responsibilities:
Worked on an application which is developed entirely on Mean Stack with deployment on node.js, MongoDB, Express, and React.js based on the MVVM design pattern.
Created the Node.js EXPRESS Server combined with Socket.io to build MVC framework from front-end side AngularJS to back-end MongoDB.
Customized the Node.JS server to pick the local package JSON and run the applications without changing the local paths and variables and used Node.JS for server-side web applications for java script codes to build real-time web API ‘s.
Involved in Core Java coding by using Java APIs such as Collections, Multithreading, Exception Handling, Generics, Enumeration, and Java I/O to fulfill the implementation of business logic.
Have Knowledge on partition on Kafka messages and setting up the replication factors in Kafka cluster
Configured the xml files for Open-Source Spring Framework to fulfill the Proxy Pattern.
Created AWS Launch configurations based on customized AMI and use this launch configuration to configure auto scaling groups and Implemented AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, DynamoDB, Route53, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto scaling groups.
Developed server-side APIs under Node.JS runtime environment withExpress.js framework as back-end server and using Node.JS to implement Microservice.
Migrated Cassandra cluster from one AWS account to another AWS account by using Cloud Formation Templates in JSON.
Developing the UI pages using HTML5, CSS3, Java Script, ReactJS, Boot strap, Kendo UI, JSON and jQuery, Ajax.
Conducted complete review of designs and specifications for all assigned IVR applications.
Implemented development procedures for IVR and speech applications through Java and Web Services and used AWS lambda to run servers without managing them and to trigger to run code by S3 and SNS.
Unique experience with Pivotal Cloud Foundry and Open Shift/Kubernetes architecture and design, troubleshooting issues with platform components (CF), and developing global/multi-regional deployment models and patterns for large scale developments/deployments on Cloud Foundry and OpenShift/Kubernetes
Developed Struts Action Classes, Business Delegate Object, Data Transfer Objects (DTO), Data Access Objects (DAO).
Involved in Production support as L1 & L2

Environment: SQL Developer, MySQL Workbench, SVN, Maven, ANT, SOAPUI, POST-Man, Putty, WinSCP, STS, MS-Office, EC2, Auto scaling, Docker, IAM, VPC, SNS, Lambda, AWS SDK'S, Elastic cache, Ops Works, Security Groups, Storage Gateway, API Gateway, Cloud Watch.

Wells Fargo,
Charlotte, NC Jan 2020 – July 2021
Java /J2EE Developer
Responsibilities:
Implemented Agile (Scrum) Methodology that includes daily scrum with team, sprint planning for developing application.
Involved in development and testing of Streamlets module. Actively involved in Analysis, Design, Development, System Testing and User Acceptance Testing.
Implemented Java8 features like Lambda expressions, Streams, filters, pipelines, Optional Interfaces etc.
Developed UI web pages using HTML5, CSS3 and jQuery to display the data on the client side.
Developed classes using Core java/Executor Service (multithreading, concurrency, memory management).
Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 2.
Experience in working with Angular 2/4 modules, services, templates, directives, services and dependency injection to create a SPA.
Created Spring Boot with Micro Services utilizing RESTful API.
Implemented Hibernate Template to great extent making use of HQL, Named Parameters, Named Queries and interfaces such as Expression, Query and Criteria.
Performed Hibernate framework optimization using Projection in Criteria object to query minimum columns to display data on dashboards.
Using Jenkins for CI/CD, using Ant, Maven for build, GIT for version control
Developed CI/CD system with Jenkins on Kubernetes environment, utilized Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment for the CI/CD system to build, Test and Deploy.
Using DevOps to bring prod issues, data migrations issues to backlog and story development.
Developed unit and integration tests for existing microservices using Junit, Mockito and Power Mock.
Wrote SQL queries using PL/SQL, stored procedures and enhanced performance by running explain plans.
Implemented Spark using Scala and Spark SQL for faster testing and processing of data.
Implemented Spark using Scala and utilizing Data frames and Spark SQL API for faster processing of data.
Used Git as Version Control System for the application. Used Postman to test performance of REST protocol.
Developed API for using AWS Lambda to manage the servers and run the code in the AWS.
Created detailed AWS Security groups which behaved as virtual firewalls that controlled the traffic allowed reaching one or more AWS EC2 instances.
Worked on creation of custom Docker container images, tagging and pushing the images and also worked as L1 & L2 in production support.
Created service accounts using Terraform with the respective roles to support the services deployed Managing the GCP Tech Stack
Developed the Terraform script to get the certificates from the bucket and create an SSL cert in the respective project on the fly without downloading the certs on the local machine.
Worked on creating the Docker containers and Docker consoles for managing the application life cycle.

Environment: Java 1.7/1.8, J2EE, Git, Spring Boot, Hibernate 4.x, Core Java, Rest, Web Services, CSS, Angular4, STS, WSDL, JIRA 5.x/6.x, JMS, PostgreSQL, AWS, Spring Cloud, 1Spring batch, Apache JMeter, jQuery, JUnit, Docker, Maven, Jenkins.

Java Developer
Great American Insurance Group
Cincinnati, Ohio March 2018 – Dec 2019
Responsibilities:
Involved in the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Requirements gathering, Design, Code, Integration, and Deployment and production phases.
Built Restful web services using Node JS and Express JS and used a full complement of Express.
Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component-based architecture provided by Angular2/4.
Created and consumed RESTful API using Express.js to provide centralized logic and reusable data retrieval build on top of Node.js.
Implemented Logic for pulling the data from the REST API with Axios AJAX and issued HTTP requests to interact with REST endpoints.
Involved in development of Restful web services using MERN stack, MongoDB, Express React-Redux and Node JS.
Developed various single page applications (SPA) using React JS and used various components in the Redux library.
Used React-Routers for connecting the APIs which enforces the communication to the server while also implementing mock services in Node.js with the help of modules using Express.js.
Developed dashboard based on Ajax calls with Business Customers Count, Flags, Real-time graphs for Analytical Reporting using Node JS.
Implemented JSON web tokens mechanism for authentication and authorization security configurations using Node.js.
Used React JS virtual DOM for client-side view rendering services, React-Redux for state management and React-Router for client-side routing for dynamically changing client-side content.
Implemented asynchronous logic for CRUD operations in MongoDB using mongoose connector, and assertions.
Created Angular2/4HTTP Client interceptors to add necessary JWT tokens for the outgoing requests from UI.
Developed, implemented unit test cases and integration test cases using chai and mocha.
Use Selenium for creating the web-based test automation suite and perform functional testing.
We hosted all our micro services in AWS cloud infrastructure using Jenkins CI/CD pipelines.
Environment: Java, HTML5, CSS3, Typescript, REACT JS, Redux Chai, Angular2/4, Mocha, Git, NPM, YARGS Grunt, Bower, Spring Security (JWT), MongoDB, Kafka, Node.js, Express, Jetty Server, AEM, Kubernetes, Docker, AWS, EC2, Jenkins, Splunk

Full Stack Developer Sep 2017 – Feb 2018
Wellington Management - Boston, MA.
Responsibilities

Responsibilities:
Design and development of the new technical flow based on JAVA/J2EE technologies.
Involved in analyzing business requirements and compose them into a technical use case.
Involved in Spring Framework- Spring Dependencies and Spring Annotations.
Used Spring MVC on the web layer and business delegate and DAO on the business layer.
Developed server-side utilities using Java Beans, XML, and EJB. Involved in developing code for obtaining bean references from Configuration file. Developing traits and case classes etc. in Scala.
Involved in the UI development using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AngularJS, Bootstrap and AJAX.
Created and presented training materials surrounding adoption of the Groovy language.
Designed and implemented the DAO layer using Spring, Hibernate.
Utilized Spring Interceptor concept for detecting the suspicious calls.
Redesigning the existing web application with new technologies like Bootstrap, AngularJS.
Used Core Java concepts such as multi-threading, collections, garbage collection and other JEE technologies during development phase and used different design patterns.
Build semantic templates effectively with handlebars.js.
Involved in application that makes different API calls across all the layers to get the user job done.
Designed and developed Microservices business components using Spring Boot. Consumed REST based Microservices with Rest template based on RESTful APIs.
Developed DAO for communicating with the database. Used Oracle11g for communicating.
Involved in writing SQL Stored Procedures, Functions, and Views for Oracle 11g database.
Designed and implemented a NoSQL based database and associated RESTful web service that persists high-volume user profile data for vertical teams.
Investigated various NoSQL database alternatives and methods for online database compression.
Designed and prototyped parts of a NoSQL database with sinfonia- style coordination.
Used Rally, JIRA for bug reporting and tasks and issue tracking.
Involved in application design like Sequence Diagrams, Class Diagrams using Rational Rose tool.
Developed code using Java 1.8 features like lambda expressions, streams, predicates and new date time API.
Worked on Oracle 10g/11g, Elastic Search, MYSQL, NoSQL, MongoDB.
Used Jenkins for deploying in different Environments and Used Log4j for the logging.
Supported extensively for functional as well as for Performance testing.
Used SVN for Version Control System and Used Maven for build automation.

Environment: Java 1.8, J2EE, XML, Spring, EJB, AngularJS, JSP, jQuery, Angular2, Hibernate 4.0, AWS, JSON, Groovy, NoSQL, Java Beans, methodology, JavaScript, HTML, Eclipse, WebLogic, Microservices, Bootstrap, Spring Boot, NodeJS, Junit, Maven, JBOSS, Junit, Maven, SVN.

Java Developer Oct 2014 – Aug 2017
Genentech, South San Francisco, California.
Responsibilities:

Followed Agile methodology (Scrum) to meet customer expectation and time lines with quality deliverables.
Participate in sprint planning meetings, user stories grooming and scrum meetings.
Translate customer requirements into formal requirements and design documents, establish specific solutions and leading the efforts including programming and testing culminate in client acceptance of the results.
Experience working with java application servers like Tomcat, JBoss fuse WebSphere and tools Eclipse, Maven, Jenkins
JBoss Application server implementation, support, workload management and performance tuning including Web server setup configuration with JBoss App Server.
Deployed Application instance on JBoss and WebLogic Server.
Developed the Unix Search Utility Tool using SSH2 implementation JSch Java Secured Channel with Spring MVC and Apache
Developed a core routing framework for Verizon National Preorder using Apache Camel
Instrumental in designing & developing Process Monitor tool which integrates other modules and adapters of a project.
Developed application using Spring Boot Starter by exploring the required services.
Involved in the preparation of test cases for regression and integrated testing.
Developed Unit test cases using Junit Mockito with the coverage 90%.
Root cause analysis of any incident reported on Process Monitor with quick turnaround resolution approach.
Establish quality procedure for the team continuously monitoring and audit to ensure team meets quality goals.

Environment: Java, JBoss, Spring Boot (Moneta Boot), MyBatis, Spring3, Restful WS (Jersey), Angular JS, Apache Tomcat, Maven, Eclipse Indigo, GIT SCM, SQL DBx, Jenkins, Crucible.

Novai tech, India March 2013– Sep 2014
Java Developer

Responsibilities:
Used Spring Beans to encapsulate business logic and Implemented Application MVC Architecture using Spring MVC framework.
Created Spring Batches for running batch jobs and documented the use of Spring Batch.
Created various spring boot and spring batch applications to connect them to various databases and created queries to retrieve data and modify the tables for the databases.
Designed and developed Presentation Layer using MVC framework, J2EE, JSP, HTML, XML, Bootstrap, XSLT and JavaScript & CSS.
Developed XMLs, Java Script for dynamic HTML generation to perform the server-side processing on the client requests.
Using AngularJS created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format in UI.
Used AngularJS for data-binding.
Used technologies like Java 1.6, JEE, Spring MVC, Hibernate, JSON, JQuery, Ajax, ANT, SQL, RESTful API Web Services, DOJO, PL/SQL back end as Oracle via SQL Developer with Tomcat.
Developed server-side code that computed most of the business logic, which includes the execution of external service calls (to get data from mainframes system using SDFs and call the external system to get the required data)
Developed Web Services which communicates with different other applications using SOAP.
Tested Web Services using SOAP UI toolkit locally.
Used spring JDBC template for persistence with data base.
Involved in JUNIT testing using Mockito.
Instrumental in tuning the framework to meet the performance standards.
Used log4J for logging and debugging of the application.

Environment: Java 1.6, J2EE, XML, HTML, XSLT, JavaScript, AJAX, AngularJS, Bootstrap, Web Services, NoSQL, WSDL, SOAP, AXIS, SOAP UI, Spring-IOC, AOP, JDBC Template, MVC, AJAX, Oracle 10g, IBM WebSphere, IBM MQ Series, Eclipse.
Contact this candidate