Venkat.V
adwzxb@r.postjobfree.com
510-***-****

React/Angular UI/ Java Spring, Spring Boot Microservices, Cloud Services Full Stack

“Over 8+ years of Professional experience as a Java Full Stack Developer in the IT industry. Have extensive experience in Web applications, Cloud, Web Microservices and Object-oriented applications Java/J2EE, Java Swing, JBoss, Tomcat, HTML 4/5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Angular 1.X/Angular 2+, React.js, Backbone.js, Ext-JS, DOM, SASS, Ajax.

Experience in developing Rich Internet Application (RIA's), Single Page Applications (SPA's) using MVC frameworks such as Struts, Spring MVC Good experience in developing J2EE applications and Java Applets using Core Java, Java Swing, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, JMS, JNI, Java Beans, EJB, Hibernate, Web Services and JDBC
Experience with the complete software development life cycle (SDLC) utilizing methodologies such as Agile, Scrum and Waterfall models
Proficiency in Application containers such as Tomcat and JBoss
Expertise in using AJAX for implementing dynamic web pages using RESTful web services
Experience in building cross browser compatibility applications and developing Responsive/adaptive web applications
Expertise in SPA frameworks like Angular JS, Angular2, React JS and Twitter Bootstrap
Experience in CSS pre-processors like SASS and LESS
Expertise in developing J2EE applications using IDEs like Eclipse IDE, Net Beans
Experience in the Agile (SCRUM) Development Process like scrum daily stand-up meetings, Sprint Planning, Sprint iteration development and Sprint retrospectives
Hands-on experience with Bug tracking tools like JIRA, GNATS and Bugzilla
Good Understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions
Expertise in building SPA using JavaScript Frameworks like Ext JS
Good experience in building Scalable network applications using Node JS
Experience in creating complex charts using D3.JS
Possess good knowledge on AWS, Kubernetes and Docker
Extensive Experience in following TDD approach for development using Jasmine, Mocha and chai
Good experience using Grunt, Bower and NPM
Experience in debugging web applications using Browser Developer tools like Mozilla Firebug and IE and Chrome’s Developer tools
Experience in SQL, PL/SQL programming, stored procedures, triggers with MySQL, DB2
Good experience in Version controlling tools like SVN, GIT, Perforce and MKS
Possesses good knowledge on Collaboration tools like In Vision and Zeplin
Hands-on experience in configuring Load balancers like haproxy and nginx
Good understanding of architecture and design across all systems
Experience of using AWS services like S3, DyanamoDB, RDS, etc.
Experience building Serverless applications on AWS using AWS SAM, API Gateway, Lambda, SQS, SNS, Kinesis, Cognito, DynamoDB, IAM Roles/Permissions.
Experience in building RESTful APIs.
Experience in using OAuth2/OIDC.
Experience using Maven and Jenkins for CI/CD.
Experience in messaging technologies like JMS/AWS SNS, SQS/Kafka.
Architected and created reference architecture for Kafka Implementation standards
Provided expertise in Kafka brokers, zookeepers, Kafka connect, schema registry, KSQL, Sync Connect, Source Connect, Rest proxy and Kafka Control center.
Ensured optimum performance, high availability and stability of solutions.
Created topics, setup redundancy cluster, deploy monitoring tools, alerts and has good knowledge of best practices.
Create stubs for producers, consumers and consumer groups for helping onboard applications from different languages/platforms.
Provide administration and operations of the Kafka platform like provisioning, access lists Kerberos and SSL configurations.
Experience in using relational databases like Oracle/PostgreSQL.
Experience in modelling NoSQL databases like AWS DynamoDB with a good understanding of DynamoDB modelling concepts.

TECHNICAL QUALIFICATION:

Languages
Java, JavaScript, SQL/PL-SQL
Operating Systems
Windows, UNIX, Linux. Mac OS X.
Java/J2EEEnterprise Technologies
JDBC, Swing, JSP, Servlets, EJB, JSTL, JMS, spring, Struts, JSF, JPA, Log4j, LDAP.
J2EE Web Services
SOAP, REST, WSDL, JAX-RS, JAX-RPC, JAXP, JAXB.
Client-Side Programming
HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, DHTML, AJAX, JQUERY, JSON
JavaScript Frameworks
Angular, AngularJS, node.js, Backbone.js, React.js, Requier.js, Ext JS, Devops
XML Technologies
XML, XSL, XSLT, DTD, XML Schema, SAX, DOM.
Database
Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, Mongo DB, Cassandra
Web and Application Servers
Apache Tomcat, IBM Web Sphere, Web Logic, JBoss.
Methodologies
SDLC, OOAD, Agile
Testing Tools
JUnit, Selenium, Mockito, Docker.
Version Control
Clear Case, CVS, SVN, GIT
Continuous Integration Tools
Jenkins, Quick Build, Bamboo
JavaScript Unit Testing Tools
Jasmine along with Karma, protractor.
ESB products
Apache Camel, Mule, JBoss fuse
ORM frameworks
Hibernate, JPA, IBATIS, Spring JDBC Template, JDBC
Tools & IDEs
Apache ANT, MAVEN, Net Beans, Eclipse, RAD, Eclipse IDE, Edit Plus, JS fiddle, Brackets, Microsoft Visual Studio, Web Storm, NPM.

Senior Full stack developer Oct ’21 – Till now.
Client: MasterCard, O’Fallon, MO

Developed, debugged and deployed several core Java modules of the Data Dynamics® which is the only free data analytics platform for market participants to evaluate and analyse Fannie Mae's vast amount of available data.
Designed and developed Angular 7 UI modules with end-to-end test cases for activation of several critical features on the customer facing end of the website.
Domain of predictive financial risk modelling using algorithms developed specifically for the MBS, CAS, CIRT lines of business.
Developed UI charts to analyse issuance and performance data of Connecticut Avenue Securities® (CAS) and Credit Insurance Risk Transfer™ (CIRT™) reference pools.
Developed Spring APIs Entities, Controllers, Service end points and Repositories to perform CRUD operations on the development environment databases.
Provided capability to view historical performance by vintage reweighted by the FICO, CLTV, and risk layer composition of the UPB at issuance for each CAS and CIRT deal.
Feature enhancement and debugging of multiple java web services end points all the way to production from scratch using Angular/JavaScript and Java/Spring frameworks in IntelliJ environments.
Maintained and fixed issues in existing legacy code bases built in Java Spring boot
Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs.
Experience building multi-threading distributed systems.
Designed and validated several Oracle tables.

Environment: Java, Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Spring AOP, Hibernate, JAX-RS Web services, JAX-WS Web services, Apache CXF, JQuery, JQuery UI, AJAX, UML, MS Visio, JSTL, Oracle 11g, Eclipse, JUnit, XMLSPY, SOAPUI, Log4j, Maven, PMD, AWS, NodeJS, ReactJs, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Redux, HTML5, CSS3, Toad, Maven, Hudson, Sun Jersey, JUnit, JIRA, Rally, Jasmine, Apache POI, Quartz Scheduler, Selenium, GIT, Bamboo CI, Cucumber, Soap UI, Fiddler, JMeter.

Senior Full stack developer June’19 to Sep ’21
Client: LabCorp, Boston MA

●Extensive use of Git and BitBucket within VSCode and IntelliJ for creating branches, pulling in latest code base, making changes and testing them locally.
●Writing APIs in Spring Boot APIs and Spring MVC.
●Committing clean, functional ES5/6 code post linting with appropriate messages and unit test cases to the remote master/develop branch and raising pull requests for code review.
●Performing periodic code reviews on pull requests raised by colleagues and merging approved pull requests.
●Ingested data of high volume, variety and velocity into Hadoop Enterprise Data Lakes using Kafka and Apache Spark.
●Working to revamp several pieces of existing frontend code bases written in (Angular 2+, TypeSript, React, Redux, and GraphQL) UI and backend Node.js web services and documentation for the Xandr Buy side and Sell side platform.
●Used D3.js for data visualization.
●Working on clearing technical debt and integration of legacy state management frameworks like Baobao.
●Designed multiple line of business services (BuySide/Sell Side/ Legacy Appnexus Console) and UI enhancements.
●Identifying issues in the legacy Pappy APIs written in PHP.
●Creating AutoEnvs in Kuberenetes to point the codebase to SandBox/Staging and Production environments.
●Extensive UI rebranding from AppNexus to Xandr using LESS CSS methodology.
●Rigorously followed Test Driven Development using Jest, Enzyme and Chai frameworks.
●Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs.
●Experience building multi-threading distributed systems and Serverless applications on AWS using AWS SAM, API Gateway, Lambda, SQS, SNS, Kinesis, Cognito, DynamoDB, IAM Roles/Permissions.
●Experience of using AWS services like S3, DyanamoDB, RDS, etc.
●Contributing to prebid.js development, test and documentation efforts.
●Introduced several plugins into the codebase and incentivized developers to include concise documentation as part of their coding standards.
●Reduced support efforts on code base by 25%.

Environment: Java, Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Spring AOP, Hibernate, JAX-RS Web services, JAX-WS Web services, Apache CXF, Angular, JQuery, JQuery UI, AJAX, UML, MS Visio, JSTL, Oracle 11g, Eclipse, JUnit, XMLSPY, SOAPUI, Log4j, Maven, PMD, AWS, NodeJS, ReactJS, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Redux, HTML5, CSS3, Toad, Maven, Hudson, Sun Jersey, JUnit, JIRA, Rally, Jasmine, Apache POI, Quartz Scheduler, Selenium, GIT, Bamboo CI, Cucumber, Soap UI, Fiddler, JMeter.

Senior Full stack developer July ’18 - May’19
Client: Parkview Health, IN

Responsibilities:
●Consulting Fullstack Software Engineer for Blockchain based equity reconciliation project at Axoni ( a Fintech startup valued at over $1 Billion+)
●Developed extensive knowledge of capital markets and financial instruments such as Swap, Positions, Position Cash flows, Trades for Reconciliation and Unpaired entities.
●Ingested data of high volume, variety and velocity into Hadoop Enterprise Data Lakes using Kafka and Apache Spark.
●Wrote APIs in Spring Boot and Spring MVC for handling financial data.
●Instantiated a local blockchain on my localhost in addition to setting up a Django backend to serve the front end UI certain key components like two factor authentication.
●Involved in development and testing for Solidity smart contracts on Ethereum.
●Extensively used Ag-grid, React, Redux and Jest for a mature financial technology application to consume several 100,000 rows of data from smart contracts running on an Ethereum blockchain.
●Developed Proof of concept Microservices from scratch using Node and Express.
●Designed FinTech APIs on Node.js and delivered it using Express server.
●Worked on performance issues experienced due to massive data volume being streamed from the express server through server pagination and throttling.
●Worked on Java and Web – Java (Java, OOPS, Multi-Threading, Collections and Exception Handling),
●Experience building multi-threading distributed systems and Serverless applications on AWS using AWS SAM, API Gateway, Lambda, SQS, SNS, Kinesis, Cognito, DynamoDB, IAM Roles/Permissions.
●Worked on Spring Framework (Core, MVC, Rest, Security), Spring Boot, Spring Data, Micro Services,
●Worked on JDBC, Hibernate, Web Services (REST and SOAP).
●Identified several key issues streaming in from the backend data and got it resolved through diligent communication with the business logic team.
●Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs.
●Experience building multi-threading distributed systems.
●Experience of using AWS services like S3, DyanamoDB, RDS, etc.
●Reporting to the Vice President of Application Engineering.
●Responsible for creating and coordinating teams both onsite and offshore.

Environment: Java, J2EE, Spring Boot, AJAX, JQuery, Angular JS, Micro services, Spring, Spring Cloud, Pivotal Cloud Foundry, Netflix Eureka, Hibernate 3.x, Spring Batch, Swagger, Restful web services, Mongo DB, Oracle 11g, IBM Websphere7.0, Docker, Maven, Jenkins, Kafka, Shell Scripts, Git, Git Hub, JUnit, Mockito, SOAP UI, Log4j.

Client –PMR Software Technologies May ’15 – Dec ’17
Senior Java Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities:
●Participated in requirement gathering meetings with the stakeholders to discuss on the web application design
●Kafka Dev and Admin work.
●Designed and implemented a Loan Consolidation UI application called Marcus from the scratch using HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, and React, Redux
●Created Reusable Modules and Custom Directives in React
●Used ag grid for creating multiple interactive tables/grids for the application.
●Created interactive Pie Charts and animated Widgets using D3.js for displaying the risk score and model allocation percentage.
●Created interactive design for Ticker Search using Angular Animation.
●Created interactive UI designs using SASS and jQuery.
●Used Angular animation to create interactive animation events for the application message displaying events.
●Experience building multi-threading distributed systems and Serverless applications on AWS using AWS SAM, API Gateway, Lambda, SQS, SNS, Kinesis, Cognito, DynamoDB, IAM Roles/Permissions.
●Integrated and Tested several third-party React component created as part of another application
●Deployed AJAX call for asynchronous data retrieval from back-end
●Consumed RESTful Web services (JAX-RS) provided by different vendor to use for Address verification and validation.
●Conducted and participated daily scrum calls
●Worked on Production issues and analyzed Splunk logs to debug the issues provided quick fixes for the issues
●Participated and supported Production Deployments over the weekends and validated the builds from the developer end
●Participated and provided support during the Production and UAT Checkout calls
●Responsible for creating the UI User Stories in JIRA and track them for closure
●Used HP Quality Center - ALM Bug tracking tool for defect management.
●Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs.
●Experience building multi-threading distributed systems.
●Experience of using AWS services like S3, DyanamoDB, RDS, etc.
●Technically guided offshore team for the Angular implementation.

Environment: HTML4/HTML5, Core Java, JavaScript, Typescript, CSS, React, Redux, Node.js, jQuery, jqGrid, D3.JS, SASS, Docker, Maven, Jenkins, Cassandra, JIRA

Java Full Stack Developer July ’14 – April’15
Client – Innoplus tech solutions pvt. Ltd,

Responsibilities:
●Participated in requirement gathering meetings with the stakeholders to discuss on the web application design
●Worked on the implementation using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript and other JS libraries like Backbone.js, Marionette.js, jQuery, grid, require.js, etc.
●Responsible for writing the Functional specification for the Firewall module
●Worked with the micro-service team in getting the API responses for the UI
●Development and deployment of adapters for VW Webservices to retrieve car maintenance history based on VIN number scans.
●Implemented Lazy loading and server throttling to partition the JSON response such that only relevant information is loaded on the current screen that the user is actively on.
●Analyzing existing code base in Angular JS to be migrated to React JS. Experience in designing and rendering components, elements
●Overseeing integration of Image Recognition, Bar code recognition and OCR recognition through third part libraries like ABBYY for scanning VIN stickers and barcodes.
●Evaluating technical feasibility in migrating development environment from Swift 2.x to 3.x.
●Coordinating between Apple Support to verify possibilities of ramping down development environment version(s) on latest host Apple OSes.
●Resolving development related queries from third party technology providers such as ABBYY.
●Refactoring webservices to fetch data from multiple backend systems to populate the UI.
●Participated extensively in presentations to architecture review board, design review, created UML sequence diagrams from business requirements etc.
●Successfully saw the project through the Go live date to the satisfaction of client, business and all stake holders.
●Helped in setting up the Node.js environment along with Express JS framework to run the UI micro service
●Handled and technically guided a team of 6 members.

Environment: HTML4/HTML5, Core Java, JavaScript, Typescript, CSS, Ext-JS, Angular2/4 Node.js, Express.js, Backbone.js, jQuery, jqGrid, D3.JS, React.js, SASS, NGINX, haproxy, MongoDB, AWS, Kubernetes, Docker, Maven, Jenkins, Cassandra, JIRA, Jasmine, blanket.js, Istanbul code coverage
Contact this candidate