Vishal B
Full Stack Java Developer
980-***-****
adx2k8@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
●Experience in Core Java, J2EE, Spring, Hibernate, JSP, JSF, Camel, Guice, Oracle, MySQL, REST web services, JUnit, TestNG, JavaScript, Angular, jQuery, Jasmine, and Bootstrap
●Strong work experience through all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) starting with project initiation, requirement gathering, requirement analysis, functional design, detail design, development, and implementation of multi - tier enterprise, web based and distributed applications.
●Experience with various MVC Java frameworks like Angular.JS, EXT.JS, Backbone.JS, Node.JS, Ember, Bootstrap, D3.JS, etc. Responsible for developing the partner Homepages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React JS, Node JS and JQuery
●Good working knowledge in servers such as Tomcat, JBoss and IDE tools like Eclipse and Atom.
●Strong experience in development and deployment of multi-tiered web-based enterprise applications using J2EE technologies like Servlets, JSP, Hibernate, Spring, JDBC, JNDI, and Web services (SOAP and REST).
●Hands-on experience in different kinds of databases MySQL, Oracle, SQL, DB2 etc. and proficiency in writing complex SQL, PL/SQL developed Procedures, Functions and Packages.
●For the making of the single page web application I used angular 7,8 along with having experience on working with angular2/4 and angular JS with NodeJS and ReactJS.
●Good knowledge in the RESTful web services.
●Having knowledge of amazon web services (AWS) with EC2, lambda, and elastic beanstalk for cloud programming.
●Experience in Soap UI for integration testing and regression testing web services.
●Hands-on experience in front end technologies and Scripting Frameworks like HTML5, CSS3, Angular JS
●Excellent written and oral communication skills, team playing spirit and strong analytical & problem-solving abilities.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Java Frameworks
J2SE, J2EE, Spring, Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Spring Security,
Hibernate
Languages
Java, Java Script, Python, SQL
IDE Tools
Eclipse, IntelliJ, PyCharm.
Cloud Services
AWS Glue, S3, RedShift, EC2, S3, EMR, DynamoDB, Data Lake, AWS Lambda, cloud watch, Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Lake
Storage, Azure Synapse Analytics, Azure Analytical Services,
HDInsight, Azure SQL Data warehouse, Big Query, Data Proc
Web Designing
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSP, AngularJS, Angular 7,8.
Databases
Oracle, SQLServer, MySQL, MS Access, NoSQL Database (Hbase,
Cassandra, MongoDB)
Deployment Tools
Git, Bitbucket, GitHub, Jenkins, Ant, Gradle, Maven, Kubernetes
Data Analysis Libraries
Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, Scikit-learn, NLTK, Plotly, Matplotlib
Containerization
Docker, Kubernetes
CI/CD Tools
Jenkins, Bamboo, GitLab
Software Methodologies
Agile, Scrum, Waterfall
EDUCATION:
●Master’s in Computer Science – Western Illinois University
●Bachelor’s in Computer Science - JNTUH, Hyderabad, India PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Client: - Wheels Inc, Chicago, IL July 2022 - May 2023
Role: Full Stack Java Developer
Responsibilities:
●Participated in breakdown and planning of module structures and project deliverables. Instrumental in the diverse stages of the software development lifecycle, including requirements gathering and analysis, systems design, development, and testing.
●Utilized diverse development methodologies throughout the SDLC, including test-driven development, SCRUM.
●Participated in the daily SCRUM and other SCRUM ceremonies to produce quality deliverables within time
●Designed the Front End using AngularJS, HTML5 CSS3, Java Script, Ajax, jQuery, JSP and Spring
Tag Libraries.
●JQuery based AJAX implementation and client and server-side validations.
●Create user-friendly GUI interface and Web pages using HTML and CSS3, Bootstrap and
AngularJS.
●Developing spring Controller classes, Service classes, Repository classes and configured XML file for spring.
●Designing, developing, and maintaining the data layer using Hibernate.
●Created REST API using Spring framework like spring, spring boot were used to design application structure.
●Created microservices for 2D barcode functionality, testing serial scanner, and keyboard wedge in Java classes using the enterpriseRx application.
●Successfully written generic frameworks using java generics to validate and process end to end java-based applications.
●I have also used the Java APG package to generate the parser at the runtime of the application.
●Expertise in core java, collections, back end development and design.
●Successfully designed and developed java multi-threading-based collector parser and distributor process when the requirement was to collect, parse and distribute the data.
●Working with java objects (DTO) with database entities to store, maintain and query the data on the oracle database using SQL developer.
●For other modules also some of the NoSQL was also used on the database side for development.
●Client applications are constructed for user interface using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular 8, React &NodeJS.
●Used react.js and node.js with different modules to create web applications and their different functionality components.
Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Sass, Less, JavaScript, My SQL, T SQL, Couch Base, Kafka, Bootstrap, Ajax, React JS, Redux, Grunt, JSON, GitHub, Restful API, MongoDB, Jasmine, Web Storm.
Client: Ness Technologies INDIA Pvt Ltd/Hyderabad, India Jan 2018 – July
2021
Role: Java Developer Responsibilities:
●Actively participated in application development for major projects, including creating use case and sequence diagrams, building business logic in Java.
●Contributed to all phases of the development lifecycle including design, development, implementation, integration, and testing using agile methodology.
●Developing UI pages based on the requirements using JSF Facelets, JSP, Spring Confidential, Ajax, Html, CSS and Java Script. Used Hibernate extensively to persist data into the MySQL database and wrote HQL queries to access the data from the database.
●Wrote business logic code and exposed it through RESTful web services.
●Object Oriented analysis and design using common design patterns such as facade, command, singleton, factory, strategy.
●Used various Java and J2EE APIs including JDBC, Servlets, JSP and XML.
●Extensively worked with Spring IOC for Dependency Injection for the application based on Confidential design paradigm.
●Extensively worked with Hibernate to connect to databases for data persistence and implemented Hibernate features such as lazy loading, component mapping, bi-directional mapping and polymorphism.
●Performed Unit testing for modules using JUnit and prepared code documentation for future reference and upgrades.
●Responsible for configuring and deploying the development builds on Jenkins.
●Software-accessible points of control and observation for power, IR, trace, video output etc. depending upon the set-top model and capabilities
●Controlled allocation of test resources that cannot be accessed simultaneously by independently running tests
●Comprehensive reporting capabilities to enable visibility into testing and lab management activities.
●Image comparison and OCR verification of live streams.
●Web based application using REST calls to interact with Confidential services and do operations on STBs.
Environment: Spring, Hibernate, Java, JQuery, Eclipse, Apache POI. JavaScript, Bootstrap, ReactJS, Redux, Ajax, MySQL, XML, XSL, XSLT, JSON, Githuangularb, Restful API, AWS, MongoDB, HP Quality Center,
Jasmine and Webstorm
Contact this candidate