Vyom T Desai
480-***-**** • adxbia@r.postjobfree.com • www.linkedin.com/in/vyom-desai
SUMMARY
Computer Science graduate with internship experience in full-stack development, object-oriented programming, and product management. Seeking full-time job opportunities in Web/App Development, Software Engineering and related areas in 2023. EDUCATION
B.S. Computer Science, Technological Entrepreneurship and Management Minor May 2023 Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 3.81 GPA
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages: Java, JavaScript, Python, C/C++, C#, .NET Front-End: HTML, CSS, React.JS, Bootstrap, D3, Swift UI, Storyboard, Angular, SpringBoot Tools, Databases, and OS: RESTful API, GitHub, Windows, MacOS, Linux/Unix, Node.JS, PostgreSQL, Notion, Jira, AWS, Firebase PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Dark Ocean Technologies Back End Developer January 2023 – March 2023
● Utilized QuickBooks API to create methods for retrieving and updating financial data.
● Tested the classes using Postman and ensured seamless integration between the systems.
● Developed C# classes for integration with QuickBooks to enable financial transactions between the platforms and assisted in troubleshooting and resolving integration issues. SMB Billing Full Stack Developer May 2021 – August 2021
● Utilized Angular JS, .NET, and Microsoft SQL Server to add functionality and improve user experience.
● Implemented changes using .NET to user information storage to improve data security and accessibility.
● Maintained and updated existing features and fixed bugs in a timely manner.
● Developed new features such as search and a new design system for the SMB Billing platform. Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ: Undergraduate Teaching Assistant, CSE 110, CSE 205 January 2021 – Decmeber 2021
● Assisted over 400 engineering students with learning Java and assisting the instructor with the course. Convrrt : Product Manager Quality Assurance Tester Intern June 2020 – May 2021
● Addressed difficulties clients had using the landing pagebuilder.
● Integration testing features inside the landing page builder before deploying it in production.
● Assisted with day to day operations to find bugs in the builder and convey that to the development team. Product Manager/Frontend Lead Medical Directive May 2022 – December 2022
● Managed a team of 6 frontend engineers to build a platform to connect students with medical professionals.
● Developed a web application using React, AWS for the backend and PostgresSQL for the Database.
● Implemented the Agile method to make the development process faster and save roughly $20,000 for the company. RELEVANT PROJECTS
Justice in Algorithms Software Engineer The Engineering Projects in Community Service August 2020 – May 2021
● Investigated the algorithm that selects jurors for jury duty in Maricopa County.
● Working alongside an anonymous community partner. Serving as an expert on the subject of algorithms for the client.
● Used Python to develop an algorithm that generated a list used to test our theories. Full Stack Dev/UI Design Lead Vocab-Personal Project https://voc-ab.com/ May 2020 – August 2020
● Collaborated on a team of 5 to design a vocabulary app for students to prepare for ACT, SAT and other tests.
● Developed a mobile application using React Native and deployed it successfully on Google Play store.
● Customized the application to have three different game modes to engage users and a leaderboard for users as well. Implemented web scraping using BeautifulSoup to populate database of words
● Utilized Firebase Realtime Database to store and retrieve user scores to display on a real-time leaderboard
Mass Tracker Devils Invent Hackathon Software Lead Placed 2nd October 2020
● We were tasked with coming up with a solution to help reduce the amount of covid cases.
● Designed a web application using HTML, CSS, Python, and Maps API that provides potential customers a risk assessment, based on the number of people in a store. LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
Founder and President of Cricket Club: Arizona State University,Tempe, AZ August 2020 - Present
● Established a Cricket Club at ASU and helped grow it from 50 to 300 students in 2 semesters.
● Organized and conducted tournaments throughout the semester for the members of the club. EXTRACURRICULAR EXPERIENCE
Software Developers Association, August 2019 -- Present Vex IQ Robotics Mentor May 2019 – Present
DevOps on AWS: Code, Build, and Test Certificate by edX
Contact this candidate