AMADOR TORRES
Full Stack Software Engineer Marine Veteran Secret Clearance
LinkedIn: in/amadortorres adxckb@r.postjobfree.com 714-***-**** Github: AmadorTorres SKILLS
Front End: JavaScript ReactJS jQuery CSS3 Bootstrap 4 Material UI HTML5 AJAX React Router
Formik Yup
Back End: SQL Server .Net Core C# ASP.Net RESTful API Other Technical: Git Bash VS Code Visual Studio Postman Git GitHub Trello Chrome Developer Tools Yarn
Slack Ngrok
Soft Skills: Bilingual (English/Spanish) Teamwork Adaptability Time Management Problem Solving EXPERIENCE
MAKAI Mobile app for renting kayak and paddle boards made easy. November 2022 – Present FULL STACK DEVELOPER
● Developed front end making an advertisement form and a Site Training Form using VS Code applying Formik as well Yup so the forms have validation.
● Created a list of advertisements so it could be viewed in the front end, as well as a training website so users could see safety procedures, integrating CS and Bootstrap so everything could be nicely formatted.
● Create stored procedures in SQL Server, services, API controllers in Visual Studio to create API endpoints and implement backend logic.
● Integrated organization to tie users to a specific organization using SQL database tables, Pivot Tables, SQL joins, and the creation of a new claim in C#.
● Implemented dynamic dropdowns in the frontend to allow administrators to assign roles and partners could have different viewing and editing options, all while just utilizing ReactJS.
● Communicated daily progress with the development team through Trello boards and Git on Team Foundation Server for code peer reviews, daily standups, product demos and sprints using Agile methodology.
SANTA ANA CITY HALL Aided the Planning and Building department of City Hall. Feb 2021 – Sept 2022 SENIOR CLERICAL AIDE
● Applied changes to our live website by using Drupal which is tightly integrated with HTML5.
● Assisted in drafting reports and other documents, as well as managing incoming and outgoing mail and email.
● Responsible for scheduling meetings, preparing meeting agendas and materials, and taking minutes.
● Utilized Laserfiche to receive large volume of documents, such as contracts, permits, and records. MARINE CORPS Supervised Marines ensured safety was top priority. Sept 2016 – Sept 2020 COMBAT ENGINEER
● Managed and directed daily operations for a 7-person team
● Maintained constant and effective communication so teamwork could be our top priority.
● Created and executed mission timelines, configuring time management that is essential to everyday tasks.
● Coordinated and led virtual meetings with strategic teams.
● Conducted overseas training with different countries militaries.
● Effectively communicated throughout all ranks of command.
● Created and presented MS PowerPoint presentations of mission deliverable to higher ups in our unit.
Contact this candidate