Vamshi K
adxgmb@r.postjobfree.com
469-***-****

Professional summary
8+ years of experience in creating user interface, design and development of Object-Oriented software application using Java, J2EE and Open-Source technologies.
Extensive development expertise using Struts and spring frameworks.
Architecting and designing application solutions for business needs.
Experience in handling projects using agile software methodologies.
Extensive experience in GUI development using Angular JS, Express JS, Node JS, HTML 5.0, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, JMS, jQuery, jQuery Plug-ins, JSON, Servlets, JSP, JSTL.
Good experience using HTML 4.0/5.0, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, React JS, AngularJS 5/6/7, Node Js, Ajax, Adobe and JSON.
Good exposure to IDE tools like Eclipse, RAD, NetBeans, and IntelliJ.
Good knowledge of Design Patterns like Singleton, DAO, Factory, MVC.
Expertise in RDBMS Database design, JDBC, Oracle, and MS SQL Server, MySQL, PL/SQL and stored procedures.
Experienced in using third-party tools like Toad for Oracle, MS SQL, and MySQL Developer and database perspectives in Eclipse.
Extensive experience in application servers and web servers like WebLogic, WebSphere, Tomcat, IBM HTTP server.
Hands on experience working with Web Services like JAX-RPC, JAX-WS, SAX, JAXP and JAX-RS.
Experience with adhering to organization coding standards in a team development environment.
Strong knowledge in developing Web Services using SOAP and XML.
Strong Experience in OO Analysis and Design.
Expertise in DevOps environment and working with CI/CD methodologies.
Experience with Cloud infrastructures like AWS and PCF.
Good experience in handling team and mentoring the team members on skills required for the project.
Extensively used UML design process - Use cases, Sequence diagrams, Class diagrams.
Prepared detailed design document and use cases/user scenarios, workflow diagrams for the application.
Experienced in creating JUnit test cases.
Good initiator, quick learner and excellent team-player with strong personal and group communication skills.
Goal oriented team player, self-starter, quick learner, and proficient in handling multiple projects, Gap analysis simultaneously.

Technical skills
Languages: C, C++, SQL, Java & J2EE, PL/SQL
Web Frameworks: JSP, Servlets, HTML, DHTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, XML, Swing/Java AWT, PHP, ASP.
Version Control: SVN, Github
Cloud: AWS
Application Servers: WebLogic, Tomcat 5, JBoss 5.0.
Frameworks: Angular JS 5/6/7, Node JS, React JS
Back-end: Oracle, JDBC, PL/SQL, MySQL, SQL Server 2005
Business: Struts, Spring, Hibernate, SOAP, Rest Web Services, RMI and JNDI.
Other Tools: Unit, Log4j, ANT, MAVEN, Eclipse, MyEclipse, TOAD, CVS, Perforce, VSS, Rational Rose, NetBeans, Quick Build, Microsoft Visual Studio 2008.
Platforms: Windows, UNIX, Mac
Education Qualification:
Bachelors in Computer Science (BTech), JNTU, Hyderabad, Telangana, IND
Masters in University of Illinois Springfield, (MS), Springfield, IL, USA

Professional experience:
Client: State of Texas, Austin, TX. Nov 21 – Present
Role: Full Stack Developer
Responsibilities:
Experience in full Software Development Life Cycle (Design, Development, Testing, Deployment and Support) using development methodologies Waterfall Process, Iterative Process and Agile (Scrum, TDD-Test driven development, CI-Continues Integration) automation test.
Design implements and test services in a Micro service-oriented architecture and has implemented the REST based Micro services using Spring Boot.
Used Spring framework MVC in the development of new modules based on requirements.
Developed the user authentication and authorization by using Spring Security OAuth2.0 and JSON Web Token (JWT)
Used AWS to deploy and scale applications.
Perform System/Application tuning and understanding of database performance tuning in SQL Server.
Implemented REST API calls from Angular and parsed the data to project to the client and handled the security and Authorization using Spring Security and OAuth.
Used grpc for inter service communication.
Installation of SSL certificates Linux servers.
Experience in using Jenkins, a Continuous Integration Tool to build the project in all the environments.
Hands-on experience working with Continuous Integration (CI) build-automation tools such as Maven, Jenkins, and Apache Ant.
Working on Migration of the project from Angular 6 to Angular 7.
Develop Business components using Java Objects and used Hibernate framework to map the Java classes
Created architecture towards a Microservices approach using RESTful Web-Services by using Spring Boot.
UI development with technologies like HTML5, Bootstrap, ReactJS, Angular2, TypeScript, jQuery, Redux and ES6.
Using RESTful web services (JAX-RS) to retrieve credit history of the applicants.
Created React.js for reusable components (multi–field form elements, background file uploads).
Experience in generating user requirements for applications within an agile environment.
Implementing Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) with XML based Web Services (SOAP/UDDI/WSDL) using Top-down Approach and Bottom-up Approach. Developed ANT scripts and used Maven tool to build and deploy J2EE Applications.
Environment: Java 8.0, Spring 5, Hibernate 4.2, Spring batch, Spring Boot, JPA, JMS, Angular 11, HTML5, CSS3, AWS, Jenkins (CI/CD), GCP, IntelliJ, SQL Server, Swagger UI, Log4j, Mockito, Junit, JIRA, Web Services, Kafka, Microservices, REST UI.

Client: Ford, Dearbon, Michigan. Mar 20 – Oct 21
Role: Full Stack Developer
Responsibilities:
Actively involved in Analysis, Design, Development, Deployment, System Testing and User Acceptance Testing. Successfully followed agile methodology in the Scrum Cycle model.
Involved in Core Java coding by using Java APIs such as Collections, Multithreading, Exception Handling, Enumeration, and Java I/O to fulfil the implementation of business logic.
Worked with Advanced Java 8 features like Lambda for adding functionality processing capability and Stream API to facilitate pipeline processing and method to eliminate elements based on the criteria.
Experience working with various Service Mesh tools like Linkerd, Envoy, etc.
Design and execute features of ATDD (Acceptance Test Driven Development)/BDD using Selenium, Cucumber for Java and Ruby.
Assisted Manager by providing automation strategies, Selenium/Cucumber Automation and JIRA reports.
Refactored existing monolithic application by identifying components that needs to be transformed to Micro- services architecture, with Spring Boot-based services interacting through a combination of REST and AWS API-Gateway.
Designed and implemented application using Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring Annotations, Spring AOP, Spring Transactions and Spring JDBC.
Implementing or exposing the Micro Services architecture with Spring Boot based services interacting through a combination of RESTful Web services for transmission of data in JSON format.
Implemented Spring boot microservices to process the messages into the Kafka cluster setup.
Worked on Kibana and Elastic search to identify the Kafka message failure scenarios.
Used Spring Kafka API calls to process the messages smoothly on Kafka Cluster setup.
Developed JSON services JAX-RS and JSON documentation using Swagger API.
Used Hibernate mappings, relationships between tables and entity classes to access and update information in the database.
Implemented Hibernate Template to great extent making use of HQL, Named Parameters, Named Queries and interfaces such as Expression, Query and Criteria.
Successfully written Generic frameworks using Java Generics to validate and process end to end Java based applications.
Experienced in developing web applications using latest JavaScript ES6 features and framework/Libs such as React and Redux to store the application state.
Use React JS to create more responsive webpages, which can be compatible with all the browsers and compatible with the different devices.
Used React-Redux as middleware to handle asynchronous actions in the application and to make REST API calls.
Developed UI pages using HTML5, React, Bootstrap, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and NodeJS.
Experienced in React JS and working with React Flux architecture.
Worked with React JS to build Bootstrap components for responsive UI Objects and linked with API data to view render the virtual DOM dynamically.
Implemented Redux Store and React State for server-side rendering and refactoring Reducer logic using functional decomposition and Reducer Composition.
Elegantly used React-Router techniques Axios service to retrieve data from server synchronously in the background without interfering with the display and existing page in an interactive way
Used Angular libraries like angular-UI-router, angular-resource to create an effective single page application and used angular-cookies to temporarily store the data used in this application.
Implemented AWS Lambda for triggering the SNS and SQS for sending messages and used Elastic search cluster for storing the files and documents.
Written Templates for AWS infrastructure as a code using Terraform to build staging and production environments.
Virtualized the servers on AWS using the Docker, created the Docker files and version control, built various containers using Docker engine and Docker Machine environments, to deploy the microservices oriented environments for scalable applications.
Creating, managing, and performing container-based deployments using Docker images containing Middleware and applications together.
Utilised Postman for testing the services based on how APIs are running by using postman collection.
Developed Gradle for building the project and integrated in CI/CD pipeline for deployed into AWS.
Used Gitlab as Version Control System for the application and JIRA as defect management.
Worked with production support team in debugging and fixing various production issues.
Environment: Agile Methodology, Java1.8, J2EE, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, React JS, Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring Boot, Spring Security, OAuth2, Spring AOP, Spring Batch, REST, SOAP, Hibernate, Micro Service Architecture, Rest Assured, Docker, Apache Tomcat, AWS, EC2, S3, Lambda, Elastic search, RDS, Dynamo DB, JUnit, Test NG, Gradle, JIRA, GitLab, STS, Linux, CI/CD.

Client: Verizon, Irving, TX Jan 19 – Feb 20
Role: JAVA Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in Requirements gathering, Design, Development and System Testing.
Created various mock-up for TNS notification to get confirmation and details from business users for notification.
Developed responsive web Interfaces using Angular JS, JavaScript, Ajax and CSS3, HTML 5, jQuery.
Used Hibernate 3.0 ORM framework for persistence to database by integrating it with spring framework using Spring Hibernate template.
Developed RESTful web service using Spring and JAX-RS for retrieving data from server and internal communication. Create and consume web services (SOAP & REST)
Created modules for allowing marking of trades for follow-up and E-mailing trades to Traders.
Extensively used Spring IOC, AOP concepts and used Spring MVC framework to develop the application.
Experience with Envoy to use them as Service Mesh tools.
Optimize The NGINX/Apache/PHP/MySQL & Sysctl for better server performance
Developed several Web Service stubs using AXIS 2.0 engine, SOAP UI, JAX-RPC, WSDL, Document literal.
Used ES6, AngularJS, ReactJS, Redux framework for binding, DOM models linking,view model underlaying data and behaviors.
Developed XSLT files for transforming the XML response from the web service into HTML.
Used DOM Parser to parse the XML response from webservices.
Worked on Microservices and maintain the build process and deployment.
Developed MDB’s to read the messages from JMS queues for asynchronous communication.
Used GOF Java & J2EE design patterns. Used Business Delegate to maintain decoupling between presentation & business layer.
Extensively worked with the retrieval and manipulation of data from the Oracle database by writing queries using SQL and Stored Procedures.
Used Hibernate as the object relational mapping (ORM architecture) tool for persisting java objects (POJOs).
Developed stored procedures for data retrieval for Inquiry and Search functionality from Oracle Database.
Enhance transactional capabilities and deployed using Web sphere Application Server.
Served as POC for on call support in the production team on a rotation basis.
Designed and developed JUnit test cases during the development phase.
Used Jenkins for continuous integration and Maven for building the EAR file.
Involved in building and maintaining cloud-based infrastructure on AWS.
Involved in root cause analysis and bug fixing activities.
Used log4j for debugging.
Environment: Java 1.5, Servlets, JSP, Spring 3.0, Hibernate 3.0, HTML 5.0, CSS 3, JavaScript, Ajax, jQuery, Angular JS, Oracle 10g, JMS, Java Mail, Web services, SoapUI, Web sphere, Maven, Git, Log4j, JUnit, Toad for Oracle, Eclipse 4.0.

Medicon HealthCare, Mumbai, India Aug 16 – Dec 17
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in Analysis, Design, Development, UAT and Production phases of the application.
Development of the service layer using spring framework and front end using JAVA/J2EE.Development and integration of Spring IOC, MVC which communicates with various service layers and configuring the Spring XML files.
Integrated the Web layer with Oracle database using Spring ORM and other components with JMS.
Implemented database integration with Hibernate with DAO patterns and done the transaction management with Hibernate template and transaction by using session factory.
Used MDB’s to read the messages from JMS queues for asynchronous communication.
Design classes in backend to process various requests from front end and to generate responses using Servlets, core java and SQL.
Preparing DB scripts and PL/SQL programming to resolve DB related production issues.
Developed UI part of the application applications using JSP’s, JavaScript, Ajax, CSS and HTML.
Developed XSLT files for transforming the XML response from the web service into HTML as per the business requirements and used different XML technologies such as XPATH, JAXB, and Style Sheets (CSS).
Used JAVA Mail API and implemented an automated functionality to generate baggage info e-mails to Airport officers.
Worked on the consumption side of SOAP based Web services using AXIS 2.x, soap UI.
Developed few stored procedures, triggers and sequences on Oracle 11g.
Preparation of JUnit through Easy Mock.
Used Unix commands to go through the server logs and identify the issues.
Used Git as version management tool
Served as POC for on call support in the production team on a rotation basis.
Environment: Java 1.5, JSP, HTML, DHTML, Ajax, JavaScript, Spring (IOC/MVC), Hibernate, Oracle 11g, XML, Axis 2.0, JAXB, SOAP, XSLT, IBM WebSphere 6.0, Eclipse, Unix, Git and HP Quality Center.

Soft Pro Systems Ltd, Hyderabad, India May 14 – July 16
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Developed the J2EE application based on the Service Oriented Architecture.
Involved in design and development of workflow and support.
Used Design Patterns like Singleton, Factory, Session Facade and DAO.
Involved in writing Thread Safe blocks for multithread access to make valid transactions.
Developed screens using jQuery, JSP, JavaScript, Ajax and Ext JS.
Developed various generic JavaScript functions used for validations.
Developed screens using HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX.
Experience with distributed systems software such as Zookeeper, Cassandra, etc. and protocols such as gRPC
Used Apache Thrift to develop cross-language services that interact with Java and .NET applications.
Developed various EJB components to fulfil the business functionality.
Used XStream API to transfer data back and forth between Spring MVC and Ext JS, Node JS.
Used AJAX extensively to implement front end /user interface features in the application.
Developed the presentation layer and GUI framework in JSP and Client-Side validations were done.
Implemented SOA to develop REST Based Web services using Apache Axis.
Created properties files and used enhanced JTable for improved general performance.
Used Rational Application Developer which is based on Eclipse, to develop and debug application code.
Created user-friendly GUI interface and Web pages using HTML, Angular JS, jQuery and Java script.
Used Log4j utility to generate run-time logs.
Used WebSphere Application Server for deploying various components of application.
SVN was used for project management and version management.
Deployed the application on WebSphere 7.0 application server.
Environment: Core Java, J2EE, Spring framework, Spring MVC, Hibernate 3.x, jQuery, JSON, JSF, Servlets 2.3, JDBC, AJAX, Web Services, SOAP, XML, Java Beans, Apache Thrift, XStream, Apache POI, Ext JS, jQuery, Restful, JavaScript, Oracle 11g, IBM RAD, WebSphere 7.0, EJB 2.1, Agile Methodology, Design Patterns, SVN, Apache Maven, JUnit, XSLT, HTML/DHTML.
Contact this candidate