OOHA CHALLAGOLLA
+1-240-***-****
adxlov@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ooha-challagolla
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Results-oriented Full stack developer with 5+ years of experience in responsive web application development using ReactJS, Python Flask and RESTful APIs to interact applications with back-end service and knowledge in PCF, AWS Cloud, DevOps Infrastructure. I am constantly striving to learn new technologies and look for ways to better myself in this rapidly changing industry.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Client-Side Languages React JS, Redux, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, Bootstrap Server-Side languages Python Flask Framework, NodeJS, Java IDE & Tools: Visual Studio Code, PyCharm, IntelliJ Cloud Platforms: AWS, PCF
Code Security Scan Tools Black Duck, Checkmarx, SonarQube CI/CD Tools Jenkins, GitHub, Git, Docker
Databases SQL Server, Oracle
Operating Systems Windows, Linux
Unit Testing Tools Jest, Enzyme, Pytest
Methodologies Agile, Test-Driven Development
Others Redis, Akamai, OAuth
Monitoring Splunk
WORK EXPERIENCE:
Graduate Student University of Central Missouri Aug 2022-Present
Developed appointment booking app to help students and lecturers to ease the process of making appointment between them. JSON files were used to store data as requirement.
Worked on developing Mind map application using ReactJS and Java Spring boot.
Demonstrated knowledge of web application security principles, including secure coding practices, vulnerability assessments
Key Skills: ReactJS, Redux, NodeJS, JSON Files, Web Application Security, Java Full Stack Developer Dell Technologies Apr 2019–Mar 2022 Dell Technologies is a multinational product company majorly its products include personal computers, servers, computer software's, Networking.
Project Name: MyOneConnect (Health Screening Tool)
● Developed COVID-19 health screening and self-attestation functionality within MyOneConnect and deployed it in more than 30 countries.
● Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application
● Developed User Interface using ReactJS framework and UI technologies HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery.
● Wrote Microservices using Python.
● Users can use the application in various screen sizes like Desktop/Tablets/Mobiles
● Integrated applications with Single Sign On (SSO) using OAuth authentication.
● Involved in Code scans and generating code coverage reports for application security.
● Owned writing test cases using Jest, Enzyme and Pytest.
● Build a CI/CD pipeline using GitLab with various stages starting from code checkout.
● Involved in deploying code in various environments like DEV, QA and PROD
● Experience in implementation of Restful web services
● Wrote SQL queries to interact with SQL Server Database
● Redis software is used to cache data for better processing.
● Used JWT Authentication to share security information between client and server.
● CDN Vendor Akamai services was used for high-performance and for reliable delivery of content to users.
● Implemented security measures to protect user data, addressing vulnerabilities and ensuring compliance with industry standards.
Key Skills: ReactJS, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript ES6, TypeScript, jQuery, Windows, Gitlab, OAuth2.0, SQL Server, Redis, Akamai, PCF, Pivotal, TDD
Project Name: DU’This Monitoring Tool
● Involved in the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the project using Agile Methodology.
● Developed Web applications using JavaScript, ElectronJS, jQuery, client-side validation using JavaScript.
● Designed and implemented API Calls to perform direct calls from front-end JavaScript using Python Flask.
● Involved in complete Software development lifecycle including Analysis, Design, Implementation, Testing and Maintenance.
● Expertise in using Python Concepts
● Schedulers like crontab was used to collect data periodically from multiple systems.
● Multithreading concept is used to get data from different systems simultaneously for better backend engine performance.
● Developed JavaScript code using the XMLHttpRequest Adapter to send AJAX requests to the server-side code and implemented a callback function to handle the results. Key Skills: ElectronJS, Web Services, RESTful, Flask, Python, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, GIT, Oracle Software Engineer, Dell EMC, India Mar 2017 -Mar 2019
• Working in SAP deployment team which involves in deploying code from source environment to target environment using shell script and various DevOps Tools.
• Saved tremendous manual efforts and time by Automating Minor and Major Deployment works using python and Shell Scripting
• Handled Major production Releases Independently and addressed Issues.
• Developed and added features to the existing jobs which makes it work more efficient.
• Automated manual files copy process with one click using Shell Scripting, Jenkins and optimized manual efforts and cycle time from 30mins to 3mins.
• Automated few more deployment process using Python Selenium, PyAutoGUI Key Skills: Jenkins, SAP, Shell Scripting, Linux, Python selenium EDUCATION:
● Currently pursuing a master's degree in the field of cyber security at the University of Central Missouri
● Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology from Andhra University
Contact this candidate