Sriharsha N

adxp2q@r.postjobfree.com 972-***-****

Summary:

Around 8 years of experience in designing and developing enterprise applications, web applications, and web services using Java/J2EE and related technologies.
Proficient in the full system development life cycle, including design, development, testing, deployment, and support, using Agile methodologies such as Scrum, Kanban, TDD, and CI.
Expertise in Java/J2EE, JavaScript, Spring, AngularJS, Node.js, Java Mail, EJB, web services, JDBC, XML, JAXB, Maven, Log4j, JUnit, Mockito, JNDI, SQL, Oracle, Tomcat, Weblogic, and JBoss.
Experienced in writing custom bash/python scripts to test data workflows in an integrated fashion.
Skilled in application software design, object-oriented design, development, documentation, debugging, testing, and implementation.
Proficient in designing user interactive UI web pages and visually appealing user interfaces using HTML 5 and CSS3.
Extensive experience in Amazon Web Services such as EC2, RDS, Elastic Load Balancing, SQS, SNS, AWS Identity and access management, AWS Cloud Watch, Elastic Beanstalk and Cloud Front, and Redshift.
Proficient in AWS infrastructure on various resources IAM, EBS, Security Group, and Auto Scaling in Cloud Formation JSON templates, and some internet technologies including TCP/IP and HTTP.
Experienced in working in an Agile-based development environment and participating in Scrum sessions.
Familiar with the latest development approaches, including MVC framework in the browser, single page applications using AngularJS, and Bootstrap.
Strong in Core Java API, Java multi-threading, collections, and application utilities.
Expertise in coding optimized SQL queries on databases like MySQL, SQL Server, and Oracle.
Worked on IDEs such as Microsoft Visual Studio, Sublime Text, IntelliJ, Web Storm, Notepad++, and Eclipse.
Experienced in developing web applications using MVC and Singleton architectures.
Proficient in using source code control systems such as GIT, SVN, JIRA, and Jenkins.
Skilled in Responsive Web Design (RWD) with involvement in several web application development projects. Expert in Java/JavaScript programming. Experience with Node.js and React.js.
Experienced with web services like RESTful and SOAP.
Proficient in development tools such as NPM.
Used Node.js to run webpack tasks and build the project.
Used React.js and React Native to create views to hook up models to the DOM and synchronize data with the server as a Single Page Application (SPA).
Strong experience with MongoDB development (reports, schema design, map reduce functions) and migrations from SQL relational databases to NoSQL databases.
Experienced with object-oriented programming and object-oriented design.
Skilled in database design, creation, and management of schemas, writing stored procedures, functions, triggers, DDL, and DML SQL queries.
Expert in configuring Amazon Web Server (AWS) instances.
Good knowledge of NoSQL databases like DynamoDB and Cassandra. Setting up and administering the DNS system in AWS cloud using Route53.
Installed, configured, and administered Jenkins CI tool on AWS instances.
Experienced in migrating applications to AWS and managing applications on the cloud.
Skilled in working on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements, and CSS Behaviors in CSS.
Experienced in writing integration test cases for regression testing.
Skilled in using various Operating Systems like Windows, UNIX, Linux, and MacOS.
Comfortable in analyzing, debugging, troubleshooting, and solving application problems and issues.
Strong perseverance and diligence towards attaining challenging goals and possess good communication skills and quick learning ability.
A team player with proven ability to work under tight deadlines and can work efficiently as an individual contributor.
Excellent communication and relationship-building skills. Used to update User Interface based on changing needs and requirements.
Wrote Angular.Js frontend, which queried a custom Elasticsearch server for search terms, and hosted everything on an AWS instance with Docker containers.
Created Server instances on AWS, Openshift, and Tomcat are installed and used for deploying Micro-services.
Experience in configuring Kafka streams and ingesting the data into buckets.
Exposure to Apache Tomcat, Cassandra, and Docker.
Strong team player and effective individual who can quickly adapt to new technologies.
Strong work ethic with a desire to succeed and make significant contributions to the organization.
Proven capacity to meet deadlines. Good communication and presentation skills. Ability as a good developer and effective interaction with end-users.

Technical Skills:

Web Technologies: Java Script, XML, HTML5, CSS3, JSON, Angular.JS, Bootstrap.JS, REACT.js
Operating Systems: UNIX, Linux, Windows
Frameworks: Spring boot, Spring, Hibernate, Angular, Bootstrap, React.js, Node.js
J2EE Technologies: JDBC, JUnit, Maven, Multi-threading
WebService Technologies: SOAP, WSDL, WADL, REST
Scripting Languages: JavaScript, JQuery, Shell Script
Web/Application Servers: Apache Tomcat, WebLogic, Jetty
Databases: Oracle 12c, MySQL, MsSQL, DB2, PostgreSQL, Dynamo DB, Amazon RDS
IDE Tools: IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse
Methodology: Water Fall, Agile Scrum
ORM Framework: Hibernate, JPA, Spring Data, Spring framework
AWS: EC2, Auto Scaling, Docker, IAM, VPC, SNS, Lambda, AWS SDK, Elastic cache, Ops Works, Security Groups, DNS, Route53, Cloud Formation, RDS, Dynamo DB, Storage Gateway, API Gateway, Cloud Watch
Other Tools: SQL Developer, pgAdmin, MySQL Workbench, JIRA, SVN, GitHub, SVN, Maven, ANT, SOAPUI, Postman, Putty, WinSCP, STS, MS-Visio, SonarQube, APIC

Certifications:

AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
AWS Certified Developer Associate

Professional Experience:

American Express (Mar 2022 – Current)
Full Stack Java Developer/AWS Developer

Responsibilities:

Utilized Agile methodology for daily SCRUM meetings to ensure efficient project management and issue resolution.
Proficient in Amazon Web Services (AWS) including EC2, ELB, VPC, S3, CloudFront, CloudWatch, Amazon EBS, and Amazon CloudFront. Experienced in server and database migration on AWS.
Involved in the entire SDLC including analysis, specification, design, implementation, and testing.
Developed and updated applications using core Java concepts such as Swing, AWT, graphical user interface, OOP, and exception handling.
Expertise in web services such as SOAP/REST, JSF, JavaScript, collections, and multi-threading.
Implemented Spring IOC, Spring MVC Framework, Spring Batch, and Spring Boot for application development and security management using Spring Security.
Designed and executed batch jobs using Spring Batch Framework to process large amounts of data simultaneously.
Configured AWS Elastic Search and CloudWatch for logging and monitoring of instances and application services.
Created reusable components and services using Typescript to consume REST APIs with Angular 7's component-based architecture.
Developed the persistence layer using Hibernate Framework, including creating POJO objects and mapping with Hibernate annotations and transaction management.
Implemented object/relational mapping (ORM) using Hibernate to map data representation from model to Oracle Relational data model with an SQL-based schema.
Designed and developed web services using RESTful and SOAP protocols, including building and consuming RESTful services and implementing serialization using Spring REST and JSON.
IBM (Apr 2021 – Feb 2022)
AWS Software Engineer/ Full-stack Java Developer

Responsibilities:

Developed applications following Agile methodology, covering analysis, design, development, and testing phases of SDLC.
Utilized Microservices and Spring Boot Framework to build individual components of applications.
Implemented J2EE Design Patterns such as Singleton, Facade, Proxy, and Observer for Middle Tier Development, as well as Composite View Pattern for presentation tier.
Built and consumed RESTful services in modules and designed and developed REST-based Microservices using Spring Boot and Spring Data JPA.
Implemented Spring MVC flow to interact with different modules of the application.
Developed backend using NodeJS, Java, Python, and Mongo DB.
Utilized Microservices-based cloud architecture utilizing Spring Boot and Jira.
Designed and developed custom message adapter components using Apache Kafka to allow messages to travel through Microservices to base on Restful API utilizing Spring Boot with Spring MVC.
Configured Kafka to read and write messages from external programs and developed end-to-end data processing pipelines.
Developed Spring Features such as Spring MVC, Spring DAO, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Spring Security, Spring Integration, Spring IOC, and Spring AOP.
Implemented Spring Security with OAuth Security API to provide security for the application.
Utilized front-end technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript to build components for robust front-end Single Page Applications built on Angular 5.
Implemented Angular 5 Router to enable navigation from one view to another.
Created the application using React JS and Node Js libraries.
Developed thread-safe blocks for multithread access and distributed transaction management.
Used Hibernate 4.2 framework as the Object Relational Mapping tool for persisting Java objects on Oracle 12c Database.
Worked with ELK (Elastic Search, Log stash, and Kibana) stack to develop an end-to-end transaction processing system.
Developed Camel routes using Scala DSL and developed custom message converters.
Built services utilizing Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) as a platform as a service for Restful services.
Maintained and tuned Cassandra - both database and server.
Architected and developed a new platform to modernize existing codebase using Drop Wizard, Spring Dependency Injection, Mongo DB, and Hazel cast.
Debugged and modified SQL Stored Procedures, Triggers, Tables, Views, and User-Defined Functions.
Worked on a way to store log messages in Cassandra, which are managed by Hadoop and made available through Kibana for visualization.
Created high-level functional flow diagrams using Microsoft Visio.
Utilized Swagger framework for design, documentation, testing, and deployment of REST APIs.
Created build pipeline using CloudBees for Continuous Integration and Deployment.
Configured Kibana to encrypt communications between the browser and the Kibana server.
Developed Maven/Docker build scripts and implemented Docker containers to create images and dynamically provisioned slaves to Cloud Bees of Continuous Integration and Deployment Pipelines.
Utilized AWS S3 to store data and retrieve stored data quickly and used Elastic Search for searching the document. Used AWS SNS to send messages to multiple users and delivered them algorithmically using AWS SQS.

Accenture (Jun 2015 – Apr 2021)

Full-stack Java Developer/ AWS Software Engineer

Responsibilities:
Integrated Microservice with Amazon EC2 cloud-based architecture on AWS, developed High Availability Practices, and deployed backup/restore infrastructure.
Developed Front-end UI using Node.js, JavaScript MVC frameworks HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.
Designed and implemented applications using Spring Boot, JDBC, SQL, Maven, JMS, Oracle, WebLogic, and Tomcat.
Configured and managed public/private cloud infrastructures using Amazon Web Services (AWS), including VPC, EC2, S3, Cloud Front, ELB, and Elastic Beanstalk.
Implemented Backend coding and development using Java Collections, including Set, List, Map, Multithreading, and Exception Handling.
Designed AWS Security Groups as virtual firewalls to control traffic allowed to reach one or more AWS EC2 instances.
Built production web applications using Agile methodologies and modern technologies such as React, Node.js/Express, ES7, and SQL/NoSQL ORMs.
Developed a secure and reliable RESTful web service API enabling clients to connect to the site’s backend and place orders through HTTP.
Working on AWS Lambda for event-driven workloads, databases, creating and hosting microservices on EC2 instances, automating tasks using JSON Scripts, creating endpoints, and integrating through APIs.
Developed the UI, layout, and front-end programming for web applications that match client requirements and developed the UI Layer using HTML5, CSS3.
Developed responsive applications using Bootstrap JS, allowing optimization for both mobile and desktop resolutions.
Conducted complete analysis of system and business requirements for all IVR applications.
Created DML and DDL statements to insert/update data in the Oracle database.
Worked on automation and deployment using configuration management tools like Jenkins to provision Amazon AWS.
Created Stored Procedures and Functions for the DAO layer by studying the required business objects and validating them using the Oracle database.
Worked in complex and interactive web applications built with JavaScript, HTML, Java, MySQL, MongoDB, and RabbitMQ.
Worked on JIRA Service Desk workflows, including project workflows, screen schemes, and permission schemes.
Designed and developed customized ESB to integrate and govern SOA services, building various capabilities in ESB like security, message routing, message transformation, and transaction management.
Developed scalable applications using Java, spring, web services, and object/relationship mapping tools.
Used Dependency Injection and AOP features of Spring Framework while developing the service layer, preparing Class Diagrams & Sequence Diagrams for Detailed Design.
Responsible for finding memory issues using JVM memory management tools and optimizing the application for JVM performance.
Used XML Web Services using SOAP to transfer money remotely and globally to different financial institutions.
Developed, Tested, and Deployed applications in Apache Tomcat server, using Eclipse as an IDE tool to write and debug application code, and SQL developer to test and run SQL statements.
Worked with Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) such as Web Services including SOAP, WSDL, JMS (Java Messaging Service), and tools like ANT, and JUNIT.
Performed server-side scripting using Node.JS to develop data-intensive real-time applications that run on distributed devices.
Used Hibernate ORM tool in the data access layer to map the object view of data into the database and provide access to and update information in the database.
Followed Agile methodology and Test-Driven Development (TDD) during the design, development, and testing phases of Software Development.
Configured web.xml for REST server injection to enable REST web services using JAXB API.
Prepared technical and process checklists and guidelines for the team to ensure uniformity in implementation and awareness.
Contact this candidate