PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

*+ years of professional experience as a full stack developer, experienced in implementing and developing complex applications. Involved in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) which embraces Design, Development, Implementation and Testing of enterprise business applications using Java.
Well versed with J2EE Design Patterns like DAO, Service Locator, Value Object, Business Delegate Pattern, Front Controller Pattern, Multithreading, Singleton, MVC, Session facade etc.
Having expertise knowledge and experience on Java 8 features like Functional Interfaces Multithreading, Collection API, Exceptional Handling, Time API and Stream API.
Extensive experience in developing scalable, reliable, efficient web and enterprise applications using JSP, Servlets, Struts, JSF (Prime Faces)
Strong hands on experience with Spring IO and Spring Boot.
Implemented the microservices architecture based on RESTful API using Spring Boot with Spring MVC.
Proficient in implementing frameworks such as Struts, Spring MVC and AJAX frameworks. Excellent experience using ORM tools like Hibernate and Ibatis.
Expertise in using spring frameworks like (CORE, AOP, DI, SECURITY, IOC).
Expertises in using spring JPA as hibernate and used JPA as reference.
Have experience using ODM frameworks to connect asynchronous environment with Mongoose Connector and Cassandra Node Driver.
Experienced in creating, producing and consumption of services like request-response by using JMS Active MQ.
Strong experience in developing Dynamic Single Page Application (SPA) using MEAN (Mongo, Express Angular and Node) full stack development tool kit.
Proficiency in front end application developer using Angular 2.0/4.0, React JS, Ember JS for dynamic users and which helps in architectural pattern MVC.
Strong understanding on client -side frameworks Angular 4.x for attaining architectural design flow of MVC using dependency injection, pipes, directives and promises.
Worked on customized front end application development using jQuery, React JS, Handlebar JS and implemented React JS using Redux library and Flux pattern.
Proficient in using spring (transaction support modules and JPA), Spring JDBC (for transferring data to database).
Experienced in using Enable Caching which has multiple implementation such as EhCache2.x, Redis and Couchbase.
Configured Session Factory for Hibernate mainly used for Create, Read, and Delete operations for instances of mapped entity classes.
Developed projects with RESTful services (JAX-RS, Spring Rest).
Implemented security to RESTful web services using OAUTH 2.0.
Worked on different SQL databases like MySQL, MS SQL Server, and Oracle 11g. Also worked on NoSQL databases MongoDB, Apache Cassandra, Raven DB, Dynamo Db, Couch DB.
Having good experience in writing Joins, clauses, store procedures, triggers, and cursors using PL/SQL in JDBC, ODBC and WebLogic server. Implemented pl/sql scripts, triggers, store procedures and views.
Expertise in using front end applications using HTML 5, CSS 3 mainly for styling and view rendering.
Having strong experience on JavaScript and implemented ES6 features such as Template literals, Multi line Strings, Block scope and Modules.
Experienced in developing Server-side applications using frameworks Node JS (Express JS, Hapi JS) for building non-blocking i/o model web-based applications.
Ample experience on usage of bundle package and familiar using tools like NPM, Bower as task runners. Used Karma, Jasmine, Protractor as UI testing for Backbone JS and React JS.
Good understanding of global level process about Microservices architecture and SOA. Good knowledge on application of Spring Cloud-Netflix OSS for Microservices deployment and configuration of Hystrix, Zuul a gateway for routing with Eureka for routing stability.
Implemented Splunk and kibanana and log management with ELK.
Implemented Elastic search cluster API that allows us to manage and monitor Elastic search cluster.
SOAP (JAX-WS, Apache CXF, WSDL, Apache Axis2) and automated the documentation using Swagger and WSDL.
Developed projects using SOAP and RESTfulwebservices and automated documentation using Swagger, WSDL (SOAP) and WADL (REST).
Good knowledge and implemented on providing authentication and authorization for web services using OIDC and Spring security.
Used Single Sign On (SSO) to have access control on multiple independent software systems
Good Knowledge in Amazon Web Services (Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon Simple DB, Amazon Elastic Load Balancing, Amazon SQS, Amazon EBS and Amazon Cloud Front).
Well experienced with build tools like Gradle, Maven and ANT.
Experience in Developing automated scripts for Regression Testing through Selenium and Cucumber Web Drivers.
Exposure to Behavior Driven Development using tools like Jbehave, Concordian.
Worked on different server such as Apache Tomcat, WebLogic and Jboss for configuring and deployment of the application
Responsible for migrating existing modules in IBM MQ to Apache Kafka and worked on
creating Kafka adaptors for decoupling the application dependency.
Implemented a metrics collection mechanism for the server by utilizing Apache Kafka to stream server-side events.
Used Docker Container to address every application across the hybrid cloud and Docker for better collaboration and innovation.
Deployed the Zero Down Deployment using Kubernetes orchestration service application.
Experienced in developing Microservices using Spring Boot and deploying them in the Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF).
Implemented Pivotal cloud foundry (PCF) to deploy IAAS or PAAS and to run own applications.
Automated the deployment process by integrating code repository using build pipeline Jenkins, Bamboo and GoCD for Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment that can run on the cloud or on-premises.
Good practical experience with Java-based logging utility. i.e. log4J, sl4j, log common.
Experience in Java Thread Dump Analysis and familiar with thread dump techniques.
Good Experience in software configuration management using SVN, GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket.
Strong Knowledge on automated java-based integration testing and behavioral testing of the application using Selenium (connects you to your browser), Unit testing, Junit4, TestNg, (organizes the tests) Mockito, (power mock for mock) and for rest testing mockmvc and fluentAPI, mockers service server for spring rest template testing.

Technical Skills:

Programming Languages
Java, C, C++, PL/SQL, JavaScript
Web Technologies
HTML5,CSS3,AJAX,JSON,Bootstrap,jQuery, Angular2.0/4.0,Angular6.0/8.0 React JS with Flux, Redux, Ember JS, Knockout JS, Back Bone JS, Handlebar JS, NodeJS, Express JS, Hapi JS
J2EE Technologies & frameworks
Servlets, EJB, JSP, JSF, JDBC, SOAP, WSDL, REST, XML, JAXP, JAXB, JPA, JMS, Spring3.x/4.x/5.x, Hibernate, Spring MVC, Spring Boot, Spring Data, Spring Batch, Spring cloud, Dump Analysis.
Databases
Oracle 8i/9i/10g/11i, DB2, SQL Server 2000/2005/2008, MYSQL, MongoDB, Raven DB, Cassandra
Application/Web Servers
Oracle Web logic, IBM Web Sphere, JBoss, Glassfish, Apache Tomcat
Messaging Services
JMS, Active MQ, Rabbit MQ, IBM MQ, Apache Kafka
WebserviceFrameworks
JAX-RS, JAX-WS, Axis, Jersey
SoftwareMethodologies
Agile, Scrum, TDD, Waterfall
Build & Configuration Tools
Ant, Maven, Gradle, Jenkins, Bamboo Gulp, Grunt, Webpack, NPM, Bower
Testing Tools
Junit, TestNG, Mockito, Jasmine, Karma, Mocha, Chai, Spock, Protractor
Version Control Tools
GIT, SVN, CVS, Bitbucket, TFS
Project Management Tools
JIRA, Rally, Microsoft Project
Cloud Technologies &DevOps Tools
AWS, PCF, EC2, EBS, S3, Docker, ECS, EBS, EKS, SQS, RDS, S3, Glacier, Lambda, Kubernetes
Operating System
Windows, Linux, Unix, MA-OS 10.13.2
IDE’s
Eclipse, Visual Studio, IntelliJ, Spring Tool Suite, Sublime Text, WinSCP, Putty

AREAS OF EXPERTISE:
Web Application Development, Software Development Life Cycle (Requirement, Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, and Maintenance), Project Coordination, Requirements Management, Technology Integration, Technology Migration, Application Documentation, Test Driven Development, DevOps management.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Client: VISA Austin, TX July 2022 – Till Present
Role: Full Stack Java Developer
Responsibilities
Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like Requirement gathering, Design, Analysis and Code development.
Used React Hooks to rewrite front-end applications. Replaced React class component with functional component. And stateful management, replaced with new Hooks like useState, useEffect, useReducer and useRef.
Worked with React’s lifecycle methods including componentDidMount, shouldComponentUpdate, componentWillUnmount and React-Router techniques.
Designed user interface for the product of gift card using Angular JS, jQuery, CSS3, HTML5 and JavaScript.
Involved in Design Development and Implementation of business Applications using Java/J2EE Technologies.
Developed user interface using React using Redux and constructed a Node powered workflow and build systems using gulp, webpack and NPM tools. Used React Hooks to rewrite front-end applications.
Used JSX, Virtual DOM, and one-way data binding features from React JS in building the application.
Developed RESTful services based on Spring REST using Jersey framework.
Utilized Core Java concepts like Collections, Multithreading and Exception handling to develop business components.
Utilized kubernetes nodes, configmaps, selection, services, and application containers deployed as pods to manage containerized applications
Developed the client side GraphQL Core API layer to server multiple mobile and web clients. Implemented an express GraphQL library to mount a GraphQL API server on the user-configured HTTP endpoint
Independently integrate multiple APIs and new features using React + GraphQL stack
Assisted in migrating from a legacy REST based backend to one based on GraphQL
Building kubernetes clusters and pre Implemented collaborative development environment using DOCKER, DockerHub and integrated it with Docker, and Maintained branches/forks in DockerHub version control for the changes made in cookbooks as per release.
Creating kubernetes yaml files and helm charts to deploy microservices into clusters could be able to use kubernetes' nodes, config maps, selector, services, and deployed application containers (referred to as pods) to manage containerized applications
Analyzed FED requirement document & Design Specification Document to determine the functionality of the ETL Processes.
Designed and developed the REST based Micro services using the Spring Boot, Spring Data JPA.
Implemented persistence layer using Hibernate that uses the POJOs (which do not have the business processes) to represent the persistence database tuples.
Hibernate Session Manager used to configure multiple data sources and provide independent database connectivity.
Developed application on Spring framework by utilizing its features like Spring Dependency injection, Spring Beans, Spring Security, Spring JPA, Spring Web flow using MVC and implemented Spring AOP for cross cutting concerns
Designed and developed the REST based Microservices using the Spring Boot
Install Spark, and integrate with other Bigdata ecosystems like Hive, HBase.
Performed Load testing of SOAP Web Services using SOAP UI and Apache JMeter tools.
Wrote Hibernate Criteria queries for data retrievals and have performed the ORM mappings to map java entities to database tables.
Designed application to meet international market standards using Spring MVC Internationalization and spring core modules.
Server-side validations are achieved using Spring Validation framework.
Monitor & assign backlog incidents to team level2 and level3.
Deployed and monitored web services using Spring Cloud Foundry Managed Domains and Routes with Spring Cloud Service Registry.
Developed Spring Batch processes for financial reporting applications and modules using Perl and Korn shell scripts on Oracle database, with partitions and sub partitions.
Implemented Quartz scheduler to execute batch programming using Spring Batch.
Implemented various validations rules using JBoss Business rules in the DRL (drools file) using Drools rule engine.
Created automation framework and test scripts using Selenium Web-Driver for multiple platforms and browsers testing.
Experience in integration testing tools like Selenium Web Driver, Cucumber (Behavior Driven Development testing).
Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Redis, Express JS, jQuery, JavaScript, Node JS, ETL,Bootstrap, REST API, Load Balancer, Mongoose Connector, MongoDB, REST administrations, Docker, Mocha, Jasmine, Karma, Gulp, SSO Authentication, WebPack, Kubernetes, Selenium, Maven and Jenkins. GIT, Jenkins, AWS Services, Elastic Cloud Compute (EC2).

Client: Walmart Bentonville, AR January 2020 – April 2022
Role: Full Stack Java Developer

Responsibilities:
Followed agile scrum methodology for developing applications and involved in analysis, design, development, and testing phases of Software Development Life Cycle.
Involve in meetings with the Business team and Product owners to gather the requirements from Business users.
Utilized React for its efficient data flow architecture to create a lightweight and render efficient web app that searched projects via the GitHub API through keywords and React-Router to create a single page application.
Implemented the various layers of the application using Spring Framework modules such as Spring IOC, Spring AOP, Spring ORM, Spring JPA, and Spring Boot.
Used GitHub as version control management & used Visual Studio Code, and IntelliJ as IDEs to develop the project.
Implemented Microservices based architecture with Spring Boot interacts through RESTAPI and tested on Postman.
Involved in automation testing using Junit, and Selenium and executed test cases using Selenium WebDriver.
Implemented Java 11 features like HTTP Client, local variables in lambda, and new file API methods.
Designed and developed custom message adapter components using Apache Kafka that allowed the message to travel through Microservices to base on Restful API utilizing Spring Boot.
Written SQL queries to retrieve or update data in the database using MSSQL and DBeaver.
Worked on deploying services on Docker and Kubernetes K8 for containerization and orchestration.
Configured and created a kitt.yml file, which acts as the API to communicate with the underlying Walmart systems that form the KITT pipeline (Concord, Looper and GitHub).
Utilized tools such as Swagger for API documentation and Postman for API testing and debugging.
Involved in CICD process using GIT, Jenkins job creation, Maven build and publish, and Fabric implementation.
Monitored the Grafana dashboard to check the health of applications and used Dynatrace to locate active issues in clusters.
Used Splunk to search, analyze and visualize the data gathered from the applications.
Utilized Slack to communicate with team members and used JIRA to handle software development issues.
Environment: Agile, scrum, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React JS, GitHub, DBeaver, Spring Boot, Spring ORM, GIT, Jenkins, Maven, Slack, JIRA, Visual Studio Code, Java 11, IntelliJ, REST API, Apache Kafka, Restful API, K8, Kubernetes, Swagger, Splunk, Grafana, Dynatrace

Client: Otsuka Pharmaceuticals, Princeton, NJ June 2016 – Dec 2019
Role: Full Stack Java Developer

Responsibilities:
Used front-end technologies HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript for interacting with the user interface and built components for the robust front-end Single Page Application built on Angular 8.
Used Node.js frameworks like Express and Restify to mock a Restful API using Postman.
Used J2EE Design Patterns as Singleton, Facade, Proxy, and Observer for Middle Tier Development as well as Composite View Pattern for the presentation tier.
Worked with Microservices architecture using Spring Boot to modularize code and implemented Rest APIs using Spring Rest and integrated Swagger API for documentation.
Extensive work experience in Splunk to have an overall high-level health check on the application.
Implemented procedures, packages, triggers, and different Joins to retrieve the database using PL/SQL, and SQL scripts.
Created DDL, and DML scripts to create tables and privileges on respective tables in the database.
Used Spring Aspect Oriented programming concepts for logging, security, and error handling mechanism.
Implemented Kafka producer and consumer applications on Kafka cluster setup with the help of Zookeeper.
Secured REST API by implementing OAuth2 token-based authorization scheme using Spring security.
Used Node.js and Express.js Framework to set up middleware to respond to the HTTP request and MongoDB for persisting information from API developed.
Used Hibernate 4.2 framework as an Object Relational Mapping tool to persist Java objects on Oracle 12c Database.
Unit Test Cases using automation Cypress testing Frameworks on Angular.
Debugged and modified SQL Stored Procedures, Triggers, Tables, Views, and User-Defined Functions.
Created build pipeline using Cloud Bees for Continuous Integration and Deployment.
Developed Maven/Docker builds scripts and implemented Docker containers to create images and dynamically provisioned slaves to Cloud Bees of Continuous Integration and Deployment Pipelines.
Used AWS S3 to store & retrieve stored data quickly & used Elastic Search for searching the document.
Used JUnit 4.0 and Mockito framework for unit testing of application and implemented Test Driven Development (TDD) methodology. Created automated test scripts using Selenium Web Driver.
Log4j implementation is done for logging.
Jira is used for Project Management and GitLab is used for issue and bug-tracking.

Environment: Java 1.8, Spring 4.6, Spring Boot, Spring REST, Spring Data JPA, Hibernate 4.2, Oracle 12c, Postman, Apache Kafka, AWS, Spring Security, Swagger, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery 3.0, Restify, Bootstrap 4, Java Script 2.0, Angular 8, Hazel cast, Cloud Bees, Maven, Docker, JUnit 4.0, Mockito, Log4j, Jira, Cypress.

Client: IBI Group Secunderabad, India May2015 – May 2016
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Implemented MVC design pattern using Servlets, Java Beans, and JSP and used various Core Java concepts and collections framework to build up the application.
Prepared Junit test cases for the application and used Eclipse IDE to build Java Code.
Deployed & tested the application with Apache Tomcat Server in the development and production environment.
Involved in SDLC phases of the project like requirement gathering, and development using agile methodologies.
Used Spring MVC for implementing the Web layer of the application. Like developing Controllers, Views, and Validators. Developed the service and domain layer using Spring Framework modules like Core-IOC, and AOP.
Developed the Application Framework using Java 1.6, spring 1.0, Hibernate, and Log4J.
Created DB tables, functions, and Joins and prepared statements using SQL and connecting through JDBC drivers.
Configured Hibernate session factory in applicationcontext.xml to integrate Hibernate with Spring using Oracle 9i as a database.
Developed spring rest controllers to handle JSON data and wrote DAOs and services to handle the data.
Consumed and Create REST Web services using Spring. Written ANT scripts for building application artifacts.
Used Maven to build the application and deployed it on JBoss Application Server.
Used Eclipse for development and JBoss Application Server for deploying the web application.

Environment: JDK 1.6, Spring 1.0, JBoss, log 4j, Junit 4.12, REST Web services, Hibernate, maven, SOAP UI, ANT, Eclipse, Oracle 12c, JDBC Driver.

Education:
Bachelor of Technology (BTech) in Computer Science from Andhra University, India-2015.
Contact this candidate