Yehuda Israel
Senior Full Stack Developer
Contact
+972-**-***-****
ady02k@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
I am a dedicated professional senior full-stack developer using Node.js with MongDB and both React and React Native to create websites, apps and IoT projects at various levels of development. I am a fast and efficient worker, able to work independently and as a team player. I have conversational Hebrew and a native English speaker. I am hardworking and passionate about my work and am sure that I can be an asset to your company.
Key Skills
Node.js
React
React Native
MongDB
HTML5 + CSS3 + SASS
JavaScript / ES6
TypeScript
Ubuntu
GIT
AWS / Azure
Agile & Scrum
Jenkins
Docker
RabbitMQ
Webpack
Education
Yeshiva University
New York City, NY
BA in Jewish Studies
Experience
2021 - PRESENT
Senior Full-Stack Developer Inmed
Joined on early B2B start-up to be a key developer for the React Native app and using Node.js for server. Mentored and assisted junior developers. Maintained and integrated multiple medical devices with our platform. Involved in planning and implementing project infrastructure which helped improve project performance. Used Jenkins to create CI/CD build for the Android app in multiple environments.
2020
Senior Full-Stack Developer RippleTech
Lead developer for a B2C start-up including working with client to plan workflow and project architecture. Migrated from AngularJS to React Native to improve user experience and create a code base easy to manage. Built website form scratch using React and custom React hooks and setup Webpack congfig file. Working in development and production environments.
2018 – 2019
Full-Stack Developer Committed Digital
Work on both B2B and B2C financial platforms. Created live chat to reach customers. Worked on IoT project integrating safes with the Node.js servers we built. Migrated from Socket.io to AMQP and RabbitMQ to enable queue messaging. Integrated KYC and digital wallets with a cryptocurrency platform.
2016 – 2018
Full-Stack Developer Nodeside
Worked on multiple B2C platforms using AngularJS/React with Node.js and MongoDB. Helped create Electron app for Windows.
Contact this candidate