Experienced full stack Java developer with ** years of mastery in Java/J2EE, spring, AWS, Oracle and React, delivering end-to-end solutions with technical excellence.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Proficient in implementing and consuming web services using various protocols like SOAP and REST.
Prepared the technical design document for presentation and middle layer.
Well versed with OOPS concepts, Multi-Threading and Exceptional Handling in product development.
Proficient in using design patterns like Singleton, Data Access objects (DAO), Factory pattern
Prior experience in building enterprise-scale distributed micro-services system
AWS deployments, Cloud9, Jenkins, Docker image creations. Hands-on experience in developing cloud-native applications on AWS, utilizing services like EC2, S3, Lambda, and API Gateway to build scalable and resilient solutions.
Familiar with handling file processing, validation, and transformation.
Skilled in containerization technologies like Docker, providing expertise in containerizing applications for easy deployment, scaling, and management. Actively responsible for CI/CD process.
Implemented efficient DDL and DML scripts for Oracle, Postgres with Pl/SQL, optimizing data organization and access. Written complex DB views.
Utilized API Gateway(Zuul) for seamless external communication and integrated Service Discovery(Eureka) for efficient inter-microservice communication, enhancing system reliability and maintainability.
Proficient in developing and implementing Web applications using Java/J2EE Technologies including Core Java, JDBC 2.0, Hibernate, Spring, Spring Boot.
Strong front-end UI development skills using scripting languages HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript with Reactjs.
Take full responsibility for the successful delivery of application technology solutions and data information planning efforts.
Well-developed oral and written business communication skills. Good listener and motivator with exceptional interpersonal skills. Established competence in customer relations. Skilled and creative in resolving problems.
Experienced in Agile software development methodologies, working in fast-paced, iterative development environments. Comfortable participating in Scrum meetings, sprint planning, and backlog grooming.

CERTIFICATION:

AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate - Active
Sun Certified Java Programmer - Expired

QUALIFICATION:

Master of Science in Information Systems from Kakatiya University
Bachelor in Computer Application from Osmania University

SKILLS SUMMARY:

Java/J2EE
Spring Boot
Spring, Hibernate, Kafka
SOAP, REST, Micro Services
AWS
Jenkins, Maven, github, Atlassian, Docker, Kubernetes
Oracle, Postgres, MySQL
Agile, Scrum, Test Driven
ElasticSearch, Logstash, Kibana

PROJECT DETAILS:
BANK OF TOKYO- JERSEY CITY, NJ JUN ‘21 – AUG’23
Digital lending platform is a comprehensive interface from Bank of Tokyo for managing loan sanctioning. It facilitates the loan application process along with instant decision based on the individuals/entity profile and risk assessment. It will be integrated with various internal systems as well as with external data marts to achieve this goal.
Role: Senior Full Stack Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in requirements gathering and requirements analysis and participated client meetings.
Providing technical leadership and guidance to the development team, ensuring the successful delivery of projects and adherence to best practices.
Implemented REST web service using spring rest for the core pricing application
Utilizied JIRA to manage tasks, user stories, and project progress. Ensuring effective collaboration between team members and stakeholders.
Involved in full life cycle of the application development using agile/scrum.
Implemented LDAP for user security credentials authentication and for validating user roles.
Creating different S3 buckets and write Lambda to move files from S3 to the instance and FTP server to S3.
CI/CD with Jenkins knowledge using the Docker and Kubernetes.
Manage application stability by checking server status, user count, performance queries, etc.
Collaborated with front-end developers to integrate user-facing components with back-end services, ensuring seamless functionality and user experience.
Implemented efficient DDL and DML scripts for Oracle RDBMS, optimizing data organization and access. Written complex DB views.
Ensure project tasks meet the definition of done criteria, meeting all established quality standards and requirements.
Take ownership of project closure, ensuring all project deliverables are successfully completed and signed off.
Managed developers to ensure they were delivering new features on time and with high quality
Environment: Java, Tomcat, Sprint Boot, Micro services, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, SOAP/Rest Web service, Postgres and Oracle

BOBFL AND DLP - MUMBAI JUNE ‘19 – MAY’21
Developed Digital Lending Platform is a comprehensive interface from Jocata for managing loan and credit card sanctioning. It facilitates the credit card application process along with instant decision based on the individuals/entity profile and risk assessment. It will be integrated with various internal systems as well as with external data marts (PAN, CIBIL, etc..) to achieve this goal.
Role: Senior Developer
Responsibilities:
Accountable for delivering a bottom-line impact through quality improvement and management of client relationships at the executive level.
Developed a large-scale Java application, collaborating with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality software solutions.
Writing queries/views for all DB related changes and AWS deployments.
Implemented Single Sign-On (SSO) security using OIDC and SAML protocols, enhancing user authentication and access control.
Performance optimization for Postgres RDBMS
Encouraging the maximum usage of the company’s services.
Integrated authorization mechanisms, including LDAP integration, to manage user roles and permissions effectively.
Analysing the requirements and coming up with the Estimation
Coordinate with product, DB, Architecture, Infra teams
Code review, and help team to code it properly and guide wherever require
Implementing effective performance management processes.
Integrated Transunion CIBIL service.
Planning everything from strategy and tactics right through to operations Involved
Environment: Java, Tomcat, SprintBoot, Micro services, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, SOAP/Rest Web service, Postgres and Oracle

SDGE- SANDIEGO, CA FEB ‘19 – DEC’20
IIOT Platform is the application platform designed for digital Industrial Internet of Things solutions. This Platform is the IoT edge-to-cloud foundation shared by GE Digital applications such as Asset Performance Management (APM) and Operations Performance Management (OPM). It supports innovative solutions by providing a common software foundation for fundamental IoT security, scalability, and services functions. By leveraging Amazon Web Services (AWS) while adding critical functions, the Platform provides a common application foundation, shared user experience, rapid-time-to-value, and the customer economy of a purchase-once investment in secure and scalable IoT software infrastructure.
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Developed reusable component libraries using J2EE technologies and Application servers to save time and increase productivity
Increased the number of active users on the website by 60% and increased page views to 1.5 million page views per month
Created an inventory management system that reduced the time to capture data by 80% and reduced the number of errors by 40%
Designed and developed an application using representational state transfer (rest) style architecture.
Involved in requirements gathering and requirements analysis and participated client meetings.
Involved in full life cycle of the application development using agile/scrum.
Extensively used hibernate validation framework has been used for front end validations.
Designed and developed an application using representational state transfer (rest) style architecture.
Involved in estimating the tasks, code reviews, defect tracking and resolving technical issues.
Involved in high level and low-level design of all the web applications and contributed towards detail design specifications for the web applications.
Environment: Java, Tomcat, Elastic search, Cloud9, Jenkins, AWS

Predix – GE Digital, San Ramon, CA Sept ‘15 – Dec ’18
Predix Platform is the application platform designed for digital Industrial Internet of Things solutions it enables applications that help transform the way industrial organizations monitor, manage, and optimize their assets and operations. Based on a distributed application and services architecture and delivered as a platform-as-a-service, companies can use Predix Platform to build, run, and operate applications. As a result, new insights can be generated that lead to business outcomes such as reduced downtime, improved productivity, and increased operational efficiency.
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Front end development using HTML, CSS, Javascript
Analysing the requirements and coming up with the Estimation
Release deployment planning and execution of releases.
Implemented elastic components like index, queries, etc.
Implemented test cases using Ruby and Cucumber
Environment: Java, Client framework, Reactjs, Elastic search, HTML/XML/JavaScript, Cloud9, Jenkins, AWS, SOAP Web service

SDA- ANZ Bank, Wellington, New Zealand Nov ‘14 – Aug’15
Service Delivery Architecture (SDA) is a core banking application that offers an integrated solution for banking transaction, deposits, end-to-end lending, financial and management reporting for ANZ Bank, New Zealand. Loan Automation System is also integrated into SDA which help the users to create, approve, and maintain loan applications. This also contains the feature of customer credit check. This will consume BIZCAT system web service to print loan documents.
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Designing and Preparing the Technical Specification document from the functional specifications.
Debug, analysis, coding, unit testing.
Responsible for offshore project delivery.
Analysing the requirements and coming up with the Estimation
Release deployment planning and execution of releases.
Environment: Java, J2EE, HTML/XML/JavaScript, Hibernate, Spring, SOAP Web services, Web logic, Oracle10g, Eclipse, SVN, PUTTY

AdviserNETGain- Westpac Bank, Perth, Australia Feb ‘13 – Oct ’14
AdviserNETGain is a Westpac application used by financial advisers across Australia for wealth management activities. It’s a paid system. Main financial products managed by AVNG include eWrap, Elements and Master Trust. Major functionalities of AVNG includes Creating a new clients, Creating a new account for the Client, Adding assets and investments, Portfolio generation, Searching a client or an account, Charts and Graphs for the Portfolio, Report generation, Emails and Managing Email templates, Tools for Queries, Reports, Calculators for Fee Estimator, etc..
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Implemented object-oriented design, unit testing, integration testing, data structures etc.
Involved in implementing business classes to write the routing logic and to call different services.
Created POJO classes, spring configuration files to use dependency injection.
Guiding the team in resolving the technical issues and encourage new comers to understand application.
Provide general administrative support to the organization
Environment: Java, J2EE, JDBC, Hibernate, Spring, JSF, Web logic, Tomcat, Oracle10g, Eclipse

EMBER - Deutsche Bank, London, United Kingdom Mar ‘11 – Jan ‘13
Ember is a system that supports the financial controllers and generates the bank’s balance sheet, and supplementary, for regulatory submission to the Bank of England for statistical review, at month-end.
Role: Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Analysing & Understanding the requirement specifications.
EJB as a middleware in designing and developing a three-tier distributed application.
Involved in development of Enterprise Java Beans components.
Involved in creating Home Interfaces, Remote Interfaces and Bean Implementation classes.
Implemented business logic at server side using Session Beans. State full session beans to maintain client state.
Data persistence maintained using Container Managed Entity beans. Created Stored Procedures.
Environment: Java1.4, J2EE1.3, JDBC2.0, EJB1.1, BorlandApplicationServer6.5, Oracle9i, JBuilder2006, Swings, Java Web Start, PVCS, CSS

Jaheer Mohd
+1-609-***-****
ady0fx@r.postjobfree.com
text here
Contact this candidate