Ricky N. Kissoon
561-***-****
https://github.com/rickykissoon ady7bt@r.postjobfree.com
Skills
(proficient): Javascript (React/Remix.Run/Next.js/Hydrogen/node/express/TypeScript), PHP, SQL (mariaDB, MySQL, SQLite), RESTful APIs, Linux, Git, LAMP stack, MERN Stack, Shopify, Wordpress, OOP
(familiar): Solidity, Rust, Python, Ruby, MongoDB, Vercel, AWS, Contentful, Docker, Jira, Sanity Employment
TLF Apparel, Full Stack Developer/ Frontend React December 2022 - Present
Started transitioning site to a headless architecture on Oxygen using Hydrogen/Remix with Sanity.
Built custom Shopify apps for checkout (using checkout extensions to build UI functions and discounts)
Automated tasks for the graphics/content team using Shopify webhooks and APIs on provisioned servers
Sped up various areas of the site by transitioning from app to API first functionality coupled with site optimizations that reduced API calls and monthly costs (Yotpo reviews, Algolia Search, Swym Wishlist ) Redcon1 LLC, Full Stack Developer/ Frontend React April 2019 - December 2022
Helped migrate the site to headless (Next.js on Vercel) from a custom Shopify theme and mentored junior frontend developers when we were live and began building custom components
Built APIs for internal and external integrations as well as integrated third party APIs into our own software system (Shopify, ShipStation, OrderGroove, Cybersource, FedEx, etc)
Worked with internal departments (marketing, finance, logistics), partners (Jawku, Icon Meals), and software vendors (OrderGroove, Nacelle, Contentful) to create custom integrations and solutions.
Undertook random task requiring the use of various languages I had no prior experience with whilst under a tight deadline (Python for selenium scripts, Ruby for line item and shipping discounts in shopify) Bower & Branch, Full Stack Developer May 2018 - April 2019
Documented code developed by a 3rd party team prior to the company hiring an in-house team.
Improved UX by developing a customer account section that included customers’ favourite products, recommendations based on user input, the ability to create and reset passwords, and more. Produced on-brand styling, consistent with the rest of the website.
Built custom WordPress shortcodes, plugins, and templates for various marketing use cases. Wrote scripts to generate CSVs of products for Google Merchant feeds, worked with AdWords to create campaigns. KQ Cares, Web Developer June 2010 - August 2016
Used php and js to build out and maintain a simple blog-style website to update sponsors and donors on events and progress. Used Flickr’s API to showcase event photos throughout the site via photo galleries. Education
University of Central Florida August 2016 - May 2018 48 credits toward a Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering Broward College August 2011 - May 2016
Associates Degree in Computer Science
Contact this candidate