Fabio Paredes
adyatl@r.postjobfree.com +1-336-***-**** Asheboro, NC linkedin.com/in/fabio-paredes

As a Software Developer with over 5 years of experience, I have a proven track record of implementing and maintaining web applications using various technologies such as PHP, Laravel, Javascript, NodeJs, AWS, and Angular. My experience spans multiple industries, including Retail, Tourism, Public Institutions in Ecuador, and Health in Chile. I have gained a broad range of expertise in delivering high-quality results. Committed to meeting targets, I bring strong problem-solving skills and a collaborative approach to every project.

EDUCATION

Universidad de los Andes
Mérida, Venezuela
Bachelor's Degree in Systems Engineering
Graduation date: Dec 2014

WORK EXPERIENCE

CareYou (Chile)
Chile
Frontend Developer
Aug 2021 - Present

Developed and integrated new Angular components into the client-facing web application, resulting in a decrease in time-to-payment for patients and an increase in appointment scheduling efficiency for health practitioners.
Trained and mentored junior developers on effective communication with the backend team, leading to a 40% reduction in miscommunications and errors during development.
Developed highly-responsive and user-friendly interfaces using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Angular to meet functional requirements.
Utilized RESTful API technology to streamline the data-loading process for web applications.
Contributed to the development of a scalable data lake architecture using AWS Glue and Amazon S3, enabling seamless integration of new data sources for use in Amazon Quicksight for data visualization.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to gather requirements and define technical solutions.

Sidesoft
Ecuador
Technical Leader
Nov 2020 – Aug 2021

Proposed innovative design changes at weekly team meetings and provided updates on delivery timelines and development of new features.
Collaborate with an agile team of 5 and help prioritize and scope feature requests to ensure the highest impact features are worked on first.
Recruited developers to the development team and trained them on the onboarding process at the company.
Collaborated closely with end users and stakeholders to understand their needs and requirements, successfully delivering on time and on budget.
Implemented best practices for version control using Git and GitHub, resulting in a 50% decrease in code conflicts.
Implemented a high-performing CI/CD pipeline for staging and production environments utilizing Jenkins, resulting in a 50% reduction in release time and a decrease the release errors.
Translated functional requirements into technical requirements for software development teams, resulting in a more efficient and effective development process. Reduced bug reports by proactively identifying potential roadblocks before implementation.

Sidesoft
Ecuador
Full stack developer
Apr 2018 –Nov 2020

Refactored legacy code bases in Java, improving performance and enhancing functionality within the Openbravo ERP system.
Utilized Laravel and queue technology to develop and deploy an efficient internal UI notification delivery system, streamlining communication among colleagues.
Designed and implemented a comprehensive dashboard to present real-time KPIs for the development team, reducing time spent on data analysis.
Demonstrated expertise in database design and modeling, working with MySQL and PostgreSQL.
Collaborated closely with team members to design and develop APIs for both internal and client use.
Played a key role in establishing and implementing best practices for efficient workflow management, resulting in improved project completion times.
Developed APIs and web applications using PHP version 7, leveraging the power of Laravel and Laravel Lumen frameworks.
Integrated delivery food providers seamlessly with the help of Laravel Lumen and Openbravo ERP.

Independent professional - Freelance
Ecuador
Full stack developer
Oct 2017 – Mar 2018

I participated in requirements gathering and determined the best technical solution to meet the client's business needs.
Database design and modeling (MySQL).
Developed a comprehensive project roadmap by conducting stakeholder interviews and defining user requirements.
Collaborated with back-end developers to design and create APIs.
Developed a mobile application for food delivery and integrate the application with third-party services to send automatic notifications using the IONIC framework and Firebase.

JR Electric Supply
Ecuador
Software developer
Jul 2017 – Oct 2017

I converted customer requirements into written use cases.
Spearheaded the development of a new incident management system for a public institution in Ecuador, leveraging Angular, NodeJS, Express, and MongoDB to deliver a highly-functional solution that reduced incident resolution times.
Documented technical workflows

Iwannatrip
Ecuador
Software developer
Mar 2016 – Jun 2017

Refactored legacy code bases, implementing agile development methodologies resulting in an increase in code efficiency and a reduction in bug rates.
Integrated the company's systems (website, payment gateway and queue system) to allow communication between them.
Improved website loading time by optimizing Laravel (with PHP 6 version), JavaScript code, and JQuery resulting in a higher user satisfaction rate.
Developed and maintained the credit card payment gateway, achieving a 99.9% uptime rate and reducing transaction errors by 75%.
Database design and modeling (MySQL).

PROJECTS

TAINCOL
Colombia
Full stack developer
Feb 2023 – Present

Collaborated closely with the client to analyze their requirements and translate them into functional components for an E-Learning platform focused on cybersecurity courses, employing Laravel, JavaScript, jQuery, and MySQL.
Designed and implemented a resilient and scalable architecture on AWS, while also establishing the necessary infrastructure on this platform.
Ensured seamless integration between the client's vision and the E-Learning platform, fostering effective communication and understanding throughout the development process.

SKILLS

PHP Laravel JS NodeJS Typescript Angular JQuery NestJS API HTML CSS AWS SQL MySQL PostgreSQL MongoDB API Linux

CERTIFICATIONS

AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
Contact this candidate