Mosiah Azuaje
Full-Stack Developer
Bogotá, Colombia (UTC-5)
+57-322*******
mosiahazuaje2010”gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mosiahazuaje
Full-Stack Developer with more than 10 Years of experience with PHP, MYSQL, and JavascriptJ. In addition, I have 4 Years of experience as a Team lead working with Laravel and Vuejs. I have experience making the deployment in AWS and GCP. I'm looking for a remote position in an international company. Language Years
PHP 10
Html 10
Javascript 10
Css 10
Wordpress 4
Laravel Framework 4
Cakephp 2x / 4x 3
Mysql 10
Angular 7 1
MongoDb 1
Express 1
Nodejs 1
VueJs 4
Git 6
Google Cloud Platform 1
Azure 1
Linux 3
EXPERIENCE
Asispharma, FullStack Developer Freelance —Bogotá, Colombia. November 2019 - Present
● I participated in the process of information gathering, creation of all the data structure, construction, and development of the layers for the backend and front end. The deployment process was done on the Google Cloud Platform. I am the only developer in charge so I was and am in charge of absolutely the whole project.
● Reduced the time spent on getting feedback from their clients by developing an application that optimizes the invoice process.
● Diminish by 50% the annual cost of servers on-site by implementing GCP.
● Reduce by 50% the errors at the time of generating invoices, since previously the information was recorded in Excel documents and there was no automated process.
● Building Web Site Corporative
Tech Stack: Google Cloud Platform (GCP) · Laravel · REST APIs · Tailwind CSS · Git · Linux · MySQL · Vue.js · PHP · Wordpress.
GRUPO DEUDU, FullStack Developer — Bogotá, Colombia. July 2020 - February 2022
● I was in charge of 3 developers for 2 years to build a CRM to manage customers and the whole process of payments and follow-ups.
● Optimized by 70% the collection processes by implementing a CRM that was developed by the team,
● Building Web Site Corporative
Tech Stack: Agile Methodologies · Twilio · Laravel · Git · MySQL · Vue.js · HTML, CSS, Linux · Wordpress. NIVELICS, Backend Developer — Bogotá, Colombia. June 2020 - July 2020
● Created endpoints and tested them to send to the Frontend team.
● Reduced 100% of errors in the integration by helping with the testing process. Tech Stack: Symphony · Laravel · REST APIs · MySQL, Scrum Mosiah Azuaje
Full-Stack Developer
Bogotá, Colombia (UTC-5)
+57-322*******
mosiahazuaje2010”gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mosiahazuaje
LUPATECH, FullStack Developer — Bogotá, Colombia. Sep 2019 - Mar 2020 I spend 7 months building a eLearning software in the Stack MEAN.
● Created endpoints in NodeJs, Express and MongoDb.
● Created frontend in Angular 7.
● Reduced 100% of errors in the integration by helping with the testing process.
● Building Web Site Corporative
Tech Stack: Angular 7 · Nodejs · REST APIs · Express, MongoDb · Wordpress. PETROALIANZA, FullStack Developer — Tía Juana, Venezuela. Apr 2016 - Aug 2019 For almost 3 years I was in charge of 6 developers to build a ERP and manager software for obtain KPI from the hole process and contracts of the company.
● Created backend and frontend to different modules.
● Created all database structure.
● Planning all activities for the developers
● Planning meeting with the owner of projects and CEO of the company.
● Building Web Site corporative
Tech Stack: Php · Cakephp2x · Mysql · Scrum · AngularJs · Jquery · Wordpress. HOSPITAL EL ROSARIO, FullStack Developer — Cabimas, Venezuela. Aug 2006 - Mar 2016 I spent almost 9 years in different positions from apprentice to semi senior developer, I oversaw different projects, one of the most outstanding was a software to manage medications to patients and follow up by the medical department, everything was developed in PHP, Mysql and with Linux servers on site.
● Created backend and frontend to different modules.
● Created all database structure.
● Planning all activities for building the client request Tech Stack: Php · Mysql · Jquery · Javascript · Html · CSS · Wordpress · Joomla · SQL Server · Java · Visual Basic . SKILLS
Programming Languages: Advanced: Php, Javascript, HTML, Intermediate: VueJs, Basic: React. Frameworks Tools: Advanced: Laravel.
Data Base: Advanced: Mysql, Intermediate: MongoDB. Tools: Advanced: Visual Studio Code, Intermediate: Jira, Postman, Git, Gitlab, Basic: Docker. Agile: Advanced: Scrum.
Languages: Intermediate: English, Native: Spanish. EDUCATION
Instituto de tecnología READIC UNIR – Bogotá, Colombia. TSU en Informática, 2003-2006.
Contact this candidate