Profile
A seasoned Full Stack Developer with * years of experience driving performance, reliability and scalability of customer-facing web applications. Proficient in both front-end and back-end technologies, with a strong focus on creating efficient and intuitive user experiences. Developed and deployed applications to multiple cloud-based production environments, set up and maintained a relational database system, integrated third-party services and created web-based CMSs resulting in quicker information and feature updates. Professional Experience
2021/09 – 2022/12
San Francisco, USA
Senior Full Stack Developer
Inxeption
•Developed a full-stack web application using MERN stack for an online shop platform from scratch.
•Created the architecture for the web application, including the database schema, authentication and authorization, front-end framework, as well as supporting external APIs and tools.
•Implemented features behind the feature flags—resulting in that the deployments were made as soon as possible and the features had real clients as early testers.
•Designed and developed a user interface for users to keep track of their referral discounts and commissions, and claim funds periodically.
•Took over the existing SaaS codebase and participated in its further development.
•Developed a comprehensive REST API on top of the existing React app. 2020/08 – 2021/08
New York, USA
Full Stack Developer
Maude
•Developed and maintained web applications using MERN stack.
•Used node.js and Express.js framework to build server side logic and applied with middlewares to handle http requests.
•Designed and developed RESTful web services using Javascript and Express.js, resulting in a 40% increase in API response time and a 30% reduction in server load.
•Optimized application performance by identifying and refactoring inefficient code, resulting in a 20% increase in speed.
•Worked in TDD and performed testing using Jasmine and Karma.
•Actively participated in daily scrum meetings and involved in many phases of confidential using Agile methodology.
2017/09 – 2020/06
Stockholm, Sweden
Front-End Developer
Mitigram
•Experimented, explored and develped 15 new UI building blocks used to create smart, beautiful, enterprise-level software experiences.
•Worked with design, product and back-end teams to create 12 web products.
•Utilized HTML, CSS and Javascript to create 100+ responsive landing pages for both company and clients.
•Improved the home page views of Mitigram through SEO optimization, A/B testing and conversion rate optimization.
•Participated in code reviews to provide constructive feedback and ensure adherence to best practices.
Hitoshi Minamoto Full Stack Developer
adyhhf@r.postjobfree.com
Boatorpsvägen 26, Frillesås 439 63 Halland,
Sweden
+467********
2015/07 – 2017/07
Kalmar, Sweden
Web Developer
Hatstore
•Performed Client Side validations using Javascript and AngularJS and used CSS preprocessor LESS and WEB Essentials for converting LESS to CSS file while deployment.
•Developed a dynamic ClientUI using HTML5 and Angular.js
•Learned multiple threading, concurrency, design pattterns and their impacts on application concurrency.
•Worked closely with developers, designers, copywriters and other cross-functional teams to drive innovation and maximize conversions. Education
2011/04 – 2015/06
Kalmar, Sweden
Bachelors's Degree / Computer Science
University of Kalmar
The university offered a wide range of programs and degrees in various fields of study. Skills
HTML/CSS
Python
PHP
React
Angular
Next.js
GraphQL
MySQL
MongoDB
Microsoft SQL Server
AWS
Azure
Javascript/TypeScript
Golang
Rust
Node.js
Vue
Nuxt.js
Django
PostgreSQL
SQLite
DynamoDB
GCP
Heroku
Contact this candidate