Divya
Contact: 469-***-****
Email: adyj1k@r.postjobfree.com
Full-Stack Java Developer

Professional summary:
Having 7+ years of full-stack development experience in all aspects of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), including analysis, design, development, implementation, and testing of electronic systems, as well as business applications using OOPs, JAVA/J2EE expansions, and a strong exploratory ability.
Have a good experience in utilizing Agile procedures like Scrum, Sprint with Waterfall, Test-Driven Development (TDD) traditional and imaginative programming models for Agile Software Development by using JIRA Software.
Expertise in UI design and development using preprocessors such as SASS and LESS, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, Bootstrap, and AJAX that adheres to W3C Web standards, as well as successfully managing all phases of application development.
Have a clear knowledge and proficiency in creating web applications using various JavaScript frameworks React JS, Angular JS, Node JS.
Have good experience in building reusable UI components by using JavaScript library React JS and worked with Redux and Flux architectures.
Extensive experience in building single page applications (SPA) using Angular with expertise in creating User Controls, Web Forms and client-side validations using JavaScript, jQuery and Angular.
Extensively used Node.js tools like Gulp, Grunt, Web pack.
Experience working with Node.js to setup Web API’s using JavaScript.
Have extensive experience using Java technologies: Core Java, JDBC, Java Message Service, JSP, Servlets, JPA, EJB, Swing, Applets, and JSTL. Expert in Core Java features OOPs, Multithreading, Concurrency, Robust features (Exception Handling, File handling, Garbage Collections), IO, Generics and Java collections.
Good Utilized experience in Java 8 features like Lambda expressions, default, static methods in Interfaces, Optional class and Parallel sort in Arrays and Stream API for Bulk data operations on Collections.
Have strong experience in various Spring Frameworks like Spring Core Container, Spring MVC, Spring AOP, Spring Data JDBC, Spring JTA, Spring Data MongoDB, Spring Data REST, ORM Integration Module, Spring Boot Actuator, Spring Security (Spring Security, Site Minder), Spring Boot & Spring Cloud, Spring Microservices.
Worked on Spring Annotations, Spring MVC, Spring Boot for Spring Dependency Injection, REST APIs and Spring Cloud respectively.
Proficient in applying JMS (Java Messaging Service) for reliable information exchange across Java applications using Apache Kafka, RabbitMQ, IBM MQ to communicate from Client to Server.
Developed projects with SOAP (JAX-WS, WSDL) RESTful services (JAX-RS, Spring SOAP (JAX-WS, WSDL) RESTful BOOT) and automated the documentation using Swagger and WADL for format describing and designing complex REST APIs respectively.
Strong Experience in working with relational Databases and non-relational databases like MYSQL, Oracle DB, SQL-Server, DB2, Microsoft SQL Server and NoSQL, MongoDB, Cassandra. Have good experience in writing stored procedures, functions and triggers using PL/SQL in JDBC, ODBC and in WebLogic server.
Experienced in Middleware persistence frameworks like Hibernate/JPA entities for mapping ‘Java classes’ using Hibernate Query Language (HQL), HSQL Named Queries, Criteria, Projections. Developed DAO objects and implemented data access layer using JPA-Hibernate to perform CRUD operations.
Proficient in producing and consuming RESTful web services using Rest API and NodeJS.
Experienced in using Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Cloud Computing. Extensive experience focusing on services like EC2, S3, Elastic Search.
Extensive experience on deploying compute and storage in Azure cloud.
Implemented a CI/CD pipeline using Azure DevOps (VSTS, TFS) in both cloud and on-premises with GIT, MS Build, Docker, Maven along with Jenkins’s plugins.
Skillful in unit-testing with tools like JUnit and Mockito.
Hands-on expertise in deploying, testing, and maintaining applications on web servers such as IBM Web Sphere, JBoss and Apache Tomcat Server.
Installed and configured JBoss Application servers for DEV, QA and PROD systems.
Hands on experience in Implementing Docker container service, build pipeline like Jenkins for Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment that can run on the cloud or on-premises.
Experienced in developing applications using Visual Studio, Eclipse (4.x/3.x (Neon, Oxygen, Kepler, Luna, Indigo, Juno)), Atom, Sublime text editor and IntelliJ. Have good experience in build tools like ANT, Maven, Gradle and logging tools like Log4J.
Strong Technical background, analytical ability, team player and goal oriented, with a commitment toward excellence. Highly organized with the ability to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines.

Technical Skills:
Programming Languages Java (1.5/1.6/1.7/1.8), C, C++, C#, PL/SQL, JavaScript.
Software Methodologies Agile, Scrum, TDD, SDLC, Waterfall.
J2EETechnologies&Frameworks JSP, JSTL, Servlets (3.1,3.0), JDBC, EJB, JAX-RS, JAX-WS, SOAP, WSDL
Web Technologies HTML, DHTML, JavaScript, AJAX, Bootstrap, jQuery, XML, CSS, JSP, JSTL, Java Beans, JSON, Servlets, Node Js, AngularJS, ReactJS.
Web service Frameworks Spring, Hibernate, Struts, Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring AOP, Spring Web Flow, Spring Boot.
Web services SOAP, RESTful, Oracle SOA, UDDI, WSDL, Apache Tomcat, JBoss.
Design Patterns Data Transfer Object, Data Access Object, MVC.
Development IDEs Eclipse, Net Beans, IntelliJ, Spring Tool Suite, Atom, Visual Studio, RAD.
Application/Web servers Web Logic Server, Web Sphere Application Server, Apache Tomcat, Apache HTTP Server, IBM HTTP Server, JBoss.
Databases Oracle, SQL Server, DB2, MySQL, MongoDB, Cassandra.
CI/CD tools Jenkins, Hudson.
Build Tools Maven, Ant, Gradle and Jenkins.
Version Control Tools GIT, Bitbucket, SVN, Rational Clear Case
Operating Systems Windows, Unix, Linux, Mac OS
Cloud Technologies,
DevOps Tools & Other AWS, Azure, Docker, Kubernetes, JIRA, Google Cloud, Application server, Web Sphere.
O-R Mapping Hibernate, JPA.
Testing Tools JUnit, Log4J, Mockito.
Messaging Platforms JMS, Apache Kafka, IBMMQ, RabbitMQ.

Work Experience:
Client: Merck, Rahway, NJ
Aug 2021-Present
Role: Full-Stack Developer.
Responsibilities: -
Involved in daily SCRUM meetings, implemented sprint planning, showcases and retrospective of every project for more effective outputs by following Agile methodology. We used JIRA as a tracking tool for the sprint plan of our projects.
Used CSS Preprocessors like SASS and LESS. And implemented Angular Router to enable navigation from one view to the next as user performs application tasks.
Implemented client-side endorsements using Angular (Template Driven & Reactive forms) to perform form validations in both client-side and server-side. Created Feature Modules, Components, Services, Animations, Reactive forms, Custom Pipes, Custom Directives and Custom Validations in Angular.
Implemented AngularJS Controllers to maintain each view data. Implemented Angular Service calls using Angular Factory tested all application controllers extensively with AngularJS built-in testing facilities.
To enable communication between view components and server and to handle RESTful calls, used Angular JS Ajax module. To run Angular on server with mock JSON data and completed the User Interface development independent of server by using NodeJS, and to communicate between different enterprise components used Apache Camel as the Integration Pattern.
Used Nodejs to structure JavaScript code to build endpoints.
External System service integration are done via rest service calls from the JBPM Process.
Used Java8 features like stream and Lambda expressions.
Maintained Interface compatibility and concurrency in the project using Java8 new features like default, static methods, and concurrency API.
For obtaining bean references and cross-cutting concerns, developed various codes in Spring framework using Spring IOC annotations and Spring AOP. Used Spring Security & Oauth2 to implement authentication, authorization, and access-control features. Implemented Java EE components using Spring Boot, Spring IOC, Spring transactions and Spring security modules.
Used Spring Core Annotations for Dependency Injection, Spring MVC for Rest API’S and used Apache Camel to integrate Spring framework.
Implemented microservices based architecture using Spring Boot interacting through REST API.
Consumed RESTful services in modules and implemented serialization using Spring REST and JSON.
Implemented the clear separation functionality in the micro-services of the application using Spring Boot and coupled all of them using REST and AWS API Gateway.
Implemented persistence framework using Hibernate and Handled Transaction Management using the provided data source. Integrated Spring DAO for data access using Hibernate
Developed Hibernate DAO classes and with the spring framework manager classes retrieve and save the data from the database.
Created dynamic schema design through NoSQL-MongoDB by writing rich queries and achieved data in a collection to be distributed across multiple systems for horizontal scalability.
Composed and executed MongoDB scripts and queries to fetch and test data from NoSQL databases.
Designed and developed custom message adapter components using Apache Kafka that allowed the message to travel through Microservices to base on Restful API utilizing Spring Boot. And ran Log aggregations, website Activity tracking and commit log for distributed system using Apache Kafka.
Developed test cases JUnit Framework using Mockito and Used Log4j for logging the application flow.
Created documentation of Rest API endpoints using Swagger API.
Used ANT and Jenkins for build process and continuous integration.
Utilized Kubernetes to deploy and deal with the application on the Cloud, in this way making the application portable across various environments, for both dev/test and creation use.
Created AWS S3 buckets and managing policies for S3 buckets and Utilized S3 bucket to store and retrieve media files such as images and backup on AWS and Uploaded data to S3 buckets using AWS Lambda Platform.
Involved in writing Java API using API gateway and Amazon Lambda to manage other AWS services for focusing on high-availability, fault tolerance, and auto-scaling.
Developed AWS cloud formation templates and setting up Auto scaling for EC2 instances and involved in the automated provisioning of AWS cloud environment using Jenkins.
Deployed the application on AWS using Jenkins and Created build pipeline using Jenkins for Continuous Integration and Deployment and integrating with TFS-Git source controllers.
Worked with Splunk to read the data and to collect logs and developed Splunk reports that provide overview of the Application.
Worked on Deployment automation of all the Micro Services to pull image from the private Docker registry.
To build jar files used Maven, for version control used Git, and for bug tracking and project Management used JIRA.
Involved in writing program documentation and technical specification documents.
Environment: - JavaScript, SASS & LESS, AJAX, Angular, Bootstrap, jQuery, Spring Security, Kafka, Node JS, Spring IOC, Spring AOP, Spring DAO, Microservices, JAX-RS, Hibernate, Eclipse Java EE, Jenkins, Log4j, Cassandra, Docker, Splunk, Mockito, Junit, ANT, mock MVC, Git, JIRA, Swagger, AWS EC2, AWS S3.

Client: Cigna, Bloomfield, Connecticut
Feb 2020 - Jul 2021
Role: Full-Stack Developer.
Responsibilities: -
Application is implemented using Agile methodology where there is daily SCRUM meeting to understand the status resolve any issues by analysis, specification, design, and implementation and testing phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Used JIRA to assign, tracking, reporting, and auditing the issues in the application.
Used HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, AngularJS, and XML in a responsive grid layout to develop User Interface components. To get a new interface in Bootstrap, HTML5 implemented responsive design template.
Used JSP, JSP Tag libraries, third party libraries and JavaScript to develop User Interface by considering simplicity and complexities of the application.
Used Bootstrap and React JS to create Controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send request to server.
Analyzed the React JS server structure in legacy project, then mimicked the REST service by using Java JAX-WS API and did the corresponding configurations.
Involved in using ReactJS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.
Design and manipulation of JBPM process for the client activities to manage the people queue for each activity.
Implemented the application by using various Spring Boot Libraries. Handled authentication, authorization, and access-control by using Spring Security. Developed Micro services by considering business components design layouts using Spring Cloud.
Proficient in architecture paradigms adoption such as Web Services, Middleware technologies, SOA. Used Restful components and Jersey to implement web Services for integration between different application components.
Designed and implemented server-side RESTful web services using Node JS and handled communications to the client side (React JS) using JSON.
Used Hibernate/JDBC to design and develop the End points, Business Layer & DAO Layer. Used techniques of mapping data representation, object/relational mapping (ORM) solution & hibernate from MVC model to maintain Oracle Relational data model with an SQL-based schema.
Developed Apache camel routes, JMS endpoints and used free marker to customize service responses.
To deploy applications used JBoss 6.x Application server & developed various helper classes which are needed for application by using Core Java multi-threading programming and Collection frameworks.
Installed and configured JBoss Application servers for DEV, QA and PROD systems.
By using Java base framework developed and performed Automated Application Programming Interface (API). Performed API automation Scripts like SOAP Test, API Web Services testing by using SOAP UI tools & created templates using Spring IOC for dependency Injection, integrated Apache Camel (ESB) with Spring Boot.
To implement logging process in the application to know the application status, used Spring DAO module along with Struts Framework to deal with Database used Spring Frameworks like Spring Framework AOP module by considering hierarchy in application. And implemented Batch jobs to deal with large number of chunks Spring Batch framework to execute the similar jobs simultaneously.
Designed, configured, and deployed Microsoft Azure for a multitude of applications utilizing the Azure stack (Including Compute, Web & Mobile, Blobs, Resource Groups, Azure SQL, Cloud Services, and ARM), focusing on high - availability, fault tolerance, and auto-scaling.
Designed and developed Cloud Service projects and deployed to Web Apps, PaaS, and IaaS.
Troubleshooting performance or configuration issues with MySQL and Oracle.
Used Oracle Server as the backend database storage.
Used Docker to achieve Continuous Delivery goal in high scalable environment.
Considered JUnit for unit testing, integration testing and production testing. Used Maven for application building and development.
Environment: - Spring DI, Spring Actuator, Microservices, Spring Boot, Spring Security, JSON, RESTful Components, REST API, Hibernate, HTML5, CSS3, Angular 2, Java 8, J2EE, Spring, JavaScript, jQuery, JBoss, Swagger, Jenkins, JSP, AJAX, Docker, MySQL, Oracle, ANT, GIT, JIRA, JMS.

Client: Lowe's., Mooresville, North Carolina
Jan 2019 - Jan 2020
Role: - Java/J2EE Developer
Responsibilities: -
Involved in all phases of the Software development life cycle (SDLC) using Agile Scrum Methodology, designed use case diagrams, class diagrams, and sequence diagrams as a part of Design Phase.
Worked on designing and prototyping the overall layout of web application using HTML, CSS (Color, size, type, padding, table), Angular, jQuery and JavaScript for client-server validations.
Developed interactive web application replacing the traditional legacy applications using Angular.
Used Angular as framework to create a Single Page Application SPA which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server. And implemented template-driven form and reactive form validations using Angular.
Extensively used Core Java collections, Generics, Exception handling, Design patterns for functionality, also worked on Java functional programming concepts, lambda expressions.
Worked on application service components and configured beans using Spring Framework's IOC Dependency Injection, creation of Hibernate mapping files and generation of database schema.
Developed Spring Web Flow on Spring MVC to build applications using Spring XML configurations, annotations and handled bulk user requests using Spring Batch for batch processing.
Designed GUI and interfaces with services for mobile applications, Asynchronous Programming in Android (such as Threads, Async Tasks and Services).
Worked with the Android SDK and implemented Android Bluetooth and Location Connectivity components. Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs and help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization.
Implemented Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) based RESTful Web services to retrieve data from client side and made REST API calls from Angular and parsed the data to client and handled the security and Authorization using Spring Security SAML authentication protocol for all microservices respectively.
Enhanced the system to improve user experience and developed functions to acquire data from REST Web Service using Angular and HTTP Observable.
Built REST web service by building Node JS Server in the backend to handle requests sent from the front-end jQuery Ajax calls. Worked on Rest Web services as well as Node Rest Framework for backend services and used Cassandra DB (NoSQL) for database services.
Integrated spring with Hibernate for data access from Cassandra DB. Composed and executed Cassandra DB scripts and queries to fetch and test data from NoSQL databases.
Created data models for using Cassandra Query Language (CQL). Integrated spring with Hibernate for data access from Cassandra DB and used Cassandra Connector for connection.
Developed EC2 instances on AWS cloud.
Involved in code reviews and performed Manual Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing, Functional Testing and Black Box Testing using JUnit, Mockito
Used Log4J for application logging and notification tracing mechanisms, JIRA for bug Tracking and Project Management, Bitbucket for Version Control.
Used automated Ant scripts to fetch, build and deploy application to development environment.
Environment: - Java HTML, CSS, jQuery, JavaScript, Angular, SPA, Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring Web Flow, Spring XML, Spring Batch, Hibernate, Spring Security SAML, SOA based RESTful, Android SDK, Node JS, Cassandra DB, AWS, EC2, JUnit, Mockito, Jira, Log4J, Bitbucket Ant.

Client: Genpact, India
Jul 2016 - Nov 2017
Role: Java/J2EE Developer
Responsibilities: -
Developed the J2EE application based on the Service Oriented Architecture. Used Design Patterns like Singleton, Factory, Session Facade. Developed modules by using new features of Java 1.7 Annotations, Generics, enhanced for loop and Enums.
By using HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, and AJAX developed various screens. Developed and edited user Interface Screens using JSP, HTML5.0, JavaScript and node.js. Improved presentation of webpages CSS 3.0, jQuery plug-ins.
Developed dynamic web pages using HTML, CSS, JSP, JavaScript and Ajax.
Worked on Cross-browser Compatibility of UI pages. Implemented for internet browsers such as Chrome, Firefox, and IE 8/9/10/11.
Debugged the application using Chrome Inspector, Firebug, IE Tester, and many other debugging tools.
Have extensive experience using Java technologies: Core Java, JDBC, Java Message Service, JSP, Servlets, JPA, EJB, Swing, Applets, and JSTL. Expert in Core Java features OOPS, Multithreading, Concurrency, Robust features (Exception Handling, File handling, Garbage Collections), IO, Generics and Java collections.
Extensively worked with core java Collections, Threading, Exceptions, String Builder, and Interfaces etc. And used Streams and Lambda expressions in Java 8 to store and process the data.
To implement asynchronization designed and developed various process using Multithreading. To make valid transactions we implemented thread safe blocks for multithreading access
To achieve dependency injection and for wire objects of business classes, created and injected Spring Services, Controllers, and DAOs. To connect with Microsoft SQL Server, Spring Inheritance used Spring Boot MVC with Hibernate to develop beans from already developed parent beans.
Developed and implemented Service layer using Spring Boot and persistence layer using Hibernate. Extensively used Hibernate mappings, HQL, Ehcache, Query, Criteria, Lazy loading Transactions and locking.
To fetch data from the database using Hibernate to carry out various database used DAO pattern. Used Hibernate, Transaction Management, Hibernate Batch Transactions, cache concepts.
Modified the Controllers and Services classes to support the basics of Spring framework. Created logical and physical data models for practice, concepts of normalization and RDBMS.
Used Jenkins to automate the build and deploy process.
Created detailed Junit test cases for every single piece of functionality before concentrating on writing the functionality by focusing on Test Driven Development.
To develop and debug application codes used Rational application Developer which is based on Eclipse. To generate run-time logs used Log4j utilities. For checking project management and version management by using SVN. Used WebSphere 7.0 application server for deploying the application.
Environment: J2EE, Spring framework, Spring MVC, Spring boot, Hibernate 3.x, Angular 2, jQuery, JSON, Servlets 2.3, JDBC, AJAX, Web services, SOAP, XML, Java Beans, jQuery, JavaScript, Oracle 10g, IBM RAD, WebSphere 7.0, REST, Agile Methodology, Design Patterns, Apache Maven, JUnit, HTML Unit, HTML/DHTML.

Client: Alliance Pro IT, India
Aug 2014-Jun 2016
Role: Java/J2EE Developer
Responsibilities: -
Responsible for developing user interface web pages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSP, JSTL, Custom Tags, XHTML, Struts Tiles and Struts Tag library. Implemented exception handling using Strut’s exception handler and for implementing validation of client-side data used validator framework.
Separated each layer of the framework to reduce the development complexity by implementing Model View Controller (MVC) and to make ease of maintenance.
Used Core Java concepts such as Exception Handling, Multi-threading, Collection APIs to implement various features and enhancements.
Designed and built Java Interfaces for various function calls that turn Web services calls into EJB calls to legacy system.
Implemented various features and improvements by using Java Exception Handling and Collections API. Modified current features to patch bugs, and to add new functionality.
Worked in multithreading environment, using various concepts such as Thread Synchronization, Thread Deadlock, and Inter Communications.
To implement business logic with latest features of JDK such as Annotations and Generics by coding Form classes, Action classes, Java Beans, Services layers, Business delegates.
Worked on different standard Web protocols such as XML schemas (XSD), SOAP, and HTTP to create various Web services.
Responsible for coding MYSQL Statements and Stored procedures for backend communication using JDBC.
Log4j framework has been used for logging debug, info & error data. Used Bitbucket for version control.
Performed unit testing using JUNIT framework and used Struts Test Cases for testing Action Classes.
Used Maven for creating application build files and deployed on WebSphere Application Server.
Environment: Java, JSP, HTML, CSS, jQuery, JSTL, XHTML, Struts, Agile, REST, Java Servlets, MYSQL statements, JDBC, Micro-Services, Hibernate, JavaScript, XML, Bitbucket, JUNIT, Maven.
Education:
Bachelors in Computer Science from Gokaraju Rangaraju Institute of Engineering and Technology
Contact this candidate