KORNELL RANCY
adyjhl@r.postjobfree.com 703-***-****
linkedin.com/in/korneii-g-rancy-iii-256a49175 https://kornell.dev Experience
Digital Lead
SmartMark Communications
Apr 2023 - Jul 2023 (4 months)
• Proficiently managed domain registration, DNS services, and web hosting using Azure and cPanel. Implemented robust web security measures, including SSL renewals, to ensure uninterrupted operations and mitigate potential risks.
• Effectively collaborated with cross-functional teams, including content editors, web developers, and vendors, to streamline web content management, prioritize enhancements, and maintain seamless internal and external communication with customers.
• Demonstrated advanced proficiency in WordPress, SEO, and familiarity with PHP, Javascript, and Tailwind-CSS. Built a CI/CD pipeline with Branch CI and GitHub. Proficiently documented solutions, implemented change control best practices, and provided technical writing expertise for runbooks and knowledge bases.
• Successfully led small to medium-sized projects, conducting comprehensive needs assessments, gathering requirements, and managing project timelines. Employed Agile and Scrum methodologies, ensuring efficient code management and centralization, while adeptly resolving incidents and events through independent problem-solving skills.
Full Stack Engineer
Trellis4Tomorrow
Apr 2022 - Present (1 year 4 months)
Development, data analysis, and web security for a community gardening non-profit WordPress PHP JavaScript Figma
• Continually supported the planning, implementation, and documentation of new features and legacy code to extend a WordPress site
for an established Non-Profit Organization.
• Facilitated discussions with cross-organizational teams to assess expectations and constructed Figma UI/UX wireframes and mockup
options for site improvements.
• Optimized site assets and increased site speed up to 35% tested via Google Page Insights in order to improve SEO.
• Developed and implemented data collection system for organization partners, performed data analyses and stored for use on Web
site and for Org Board reports. Additionally, increased client security by implementing proper SSL, 2 Factor Authentication, Firewall
Settings, Access Role Management Policy, and a Backup Policy to avoid service disruptions. Full Stack Engineer
IDEA Fund Partners
KORNELL RANCY - page 1
Development, Accessibility and Security Compliance for a VC firm WordPress WCAG Standards OWASP Testing
• Updated and crafted a modern, functional, and cohesive user interface for a Venture Capitalist firm that invests in over 60 tech
startups.
• Increased web traffic and site for my clients on average between 25-30% by optimizing images, pairing down on keywords, and
implementing an effective SEO strategy.
• Performed security audits, addressed security concerns, and ensured website met, 2.0 Web Content Accessibility Guidelines
Web Developer
HAHC
Jan 2019 - Aug 2019 (8 months)
Various rolls in a Homeschool Education Co-operative Blogger Shutterfly Facebook Ads Lightroom
• Designed a website, registration forms, and teacher documentation to grow the educational cooperative from 50 to over 150 youth
in its second year and supported the technological needs of a 20-Parent team, by managing A/V Equipment, creating presentations,
and resolving technical challenges.
• Managed Social Media Platforms and Moderated Facebook Community of over 100 Homeschool families. Created forms for local
events and ran Facebook advertisements. Photographed local community events and class picture days and uploaded them to secure
Shutterfly site for prints and Facebook Community
• Created a Middle School and High School Course that taught composition, lighting, and editing skills in Adobe Lightroom
Education
Northern Virginia Community College
Associates of Applied Science
Skills
adobe • adobe streamline • advertising • agile • backup • cd • content management • css • customer relations • data analysis
KORNELL RANCY - page 2
Contact this candidate