.
Gautham B
Phone +1-437-***-****
E-mail: adykl4@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/gautham-bneni
● 5+ years of experience in software development includes Analysis, Design, Development, and quality testing of software for Standalone applications and Web - based applications using JAVA, J2EE and J2SE technologies.
● Experience in object-oriented programming (OOP) concepts using Java 8, Spring core.
● Using Spring Boot framework, Spring security, Hibernate, Java 8 and UI Build API.
● Solid experiences in implementing modern Java based Web Content Management System i.e., Experience with dot CMS.
● Experienced with Cloud Computing environments like Amazon Web Services (AWS), Spring Cloud.
● Expertise in Integrating various web applications with Single Sign On (SSO).
● Hands-on experience with configuring IDP initiated, and SP initiated SAML profiles with different bindings like POST, Artifact, and Redirect as per the custom business and security requirements.
● Track record of increasing responsibility in the business software design, Micro services, systems analysis/development, and full lifecycle project management.
● Experience in using web technologies like Web Services, WSDL, Web logic Portal, XML, XSD, CSS, XSLT, XQuery, JavaScript, HTML and XHTML
● Hands-on experience in development of Microservices and deploying in Docker.
● Experience in developing the Applications in Spring Framework.
● Expertise in Java concepts like OOP, JDBC, Multi-Threading, JUnit, and advanced Java concepts like JSP, Servlets, HTML, XML, Hibernate, Java Beans and SPRING.
● Well experienced on Java Web Services development using SOAP, REST, and WSDL.
● Working with RedHat Linux team for resolving the OS level issues
● Experience in developing Web based GUI's using JSP, HTML 4/5, DHTML, CSS 2/3, and JavaScript, Angular 2.
● Strong experience on software development methodologies like Waterfall, TDD, Agile development and Rapid Application Development.
● Experience in implementing web-based projects using Web/Application Servers such as Apache Tomcat 6.0.1 and JBoss Application Server 4.2.
● Good working knowledge on databases such as Oracle and MySQL, MongoDB
● Hands-on experience in working with PL/SQL, Stored Procedures and Triggers.
● Performed unit testing using JUnit, integration and deployment of applications done using tools such as Maven.
● Used log4J for enabling runtime logging. Performed System Integration test to ensure quality of the system.
● Good experience in working on Windows, UNIX, Linux operating systems.
● Extensive development experience on different IDEs like Eclipse, NetBeans, IntelliJ.
● Experience with React.JS for creating user interface and for the displaying the data and keeps the interface up to date when data changes
● Solid understanding of React JS Virtual Dom Algorithm, for React JS performance optimization.
● Good understanding on Selectors, Events, AJAX, and Dom manipulation using components in Angular 2 for updating content on DOM nodes
.
.
Skills
Experience in writing Components, Pipes and Services to separate concerns and handle different situations by applying Angular 2.0/4.0/5.0/11.0/12.0.
Basic understanding of ES6 (ES2015) and other language features in the upcoming editions of the ECMAScript specification.
Involved in Bootstrap framework to Design single page application. Involved in writing the front-end code for the application using Angular 2.0, Angular 4.0 and Angular 5.0 Involved in several web application development projects that required Responsive Web Design. Good Web Application debugging skills using Chrome Developers Tool and Firebug. Experienced in client-side design and validation using HTML and JavaScript. Skilled at analyzing and solving browser compatibility challenges and possesses ability to maintain consistency and well commented HTML and CSS markup.
Experience with User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Accessibility Testing. Expert in creating Templates, Mock-ups and Prototypes, Web Interfaces, Layouts and Flow of future pages. Work History
Sept 2021 -
Current
Full Stack Developer
Home Depot - Toronto
● Experience in creating test suites using Jasmine and Karma.
● Knowledge of using flux architecture in ReactJS for building client-side web applications.
● Knowledge of rendering large data sets on the application view using ReactJS.
● Experienced in React JS and working with Redux architecture.
● Developed Web API using NodeJS and hosted on multiple load balanced API instances.
.
.
● Used Bootstrap framework and media queries for developing customizable and responsive web design for compatibility with different platforms and screen sizes.
● Debugging applications in different browsers using Firebug, and testing applications using QUnit, Jasmine, and karma, Mocha.
● Knowledge in using NPM, Bower and Grunt for package management and installation
● Working with ECMA Script 6 features.
● Used Babel, web pack with es2015, react JSX presets.
● Experienced in version control tools GIT and SVN Apache Tortoise Subversion.
● Followed Agile methodology for developing applications and involved in analysis, design, development, and testing phases of Software Development Life Cycle.
● Designed Rich Prototypes and Applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and Node.js with PostgreSQL.
● Developed the user interface and worked collaboratively in an agile scrum team on the design and development of applications to enhance productivity and creativity.
● Worked closely with production support lead for server builds and deployment.
● Hands-on experience in React JS which is a JavaScript library used for building reusable UI components by using Redux and Flux architectures.
● Hands on experience in developing cross platform server-side JavaScript frameworks using.
● Node JS (Express JS, Handlebar JS) to achieve scalability in real-time web applications.
● Expertise in writing SQL queries, Functions, Triggers, and good knowledge of Relational databases
● Implemented Object-relational mapping using Hibernate framework to fetch the data from MySQL database.
● Used Postman and SoapUI to test Restful web service endpoints and performed operations to get, post, update and delete data
● Configured Azure Pipelines for successful deployment for testing and production environments
● Continuous integration to build the project using Jenkins
● Developed RESTful APIs for client-server communication with JSON and XML exchange format.
● Used POSTMAN for debugging RESTful services and used NodeJS frameworks like Express to mock a Restful API
● Used JIRA ticketing system to keep track of issues and tasks on individuals
● Documentation of common problems prior to go-live and while actively in a Production Support role
● Developed AWS cloud formation templates and setting up Auto scaling for EC2 instances and involved in the automated provisioning of AWS cloud environment using Jenkins
● Build applications using React.js which allowed us to render pages on both the client and server using the same codebase
● Involved in raising questions for business, getting answers from them, bug fixing, and tracking is done by JIRA.
.
.
Nov 2019 –
Aug 2021
Web Developer
Rogers - Toronto
● Participating in the system study to understand the functionality of the current system.
● Developing the Application in the Spring framework.
● Responsible for implementation of the presentation layer for the application using Html5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular2.
● Scripted processes in Bash, Python and Node that were responsible for moving larger amounts of data.
● Designed and developed the REST based Micro services using the Spring Boot.
● Expertise in designing and developing full stack web-based applications using JavaScript and modern frameworks like and AngularJS 2 along with RESTful Web Services.
● Continuous developments using the Java 8 latest features like streams and filter techniques.
● Improved data analysis efficiency by adding 30 new features using Java 8 (spring).
● WebLogic Portal was used to develop an online portal for the project.
● Working Knowledge in EC2 by creating snapshots, volumes, and security groups for public and private instances.
● In charge of maintaining multiple Red Hat Enterprise Linux servers.
● Designing and developing Restful API and services using best practices to interact within the micro services and with the front end.
● Using spring MVC and spring rest.
● Adoption of new principles such as responsive design, mobile first and adaptive design using Angular5 libraries using Typescript.
● Developed SPA (single page application) project using Angular 2.0/4.0/5.0 and Typescript for frontend, Node JS, and Postgres for backend.
● Designed and coded customized Angular 5 services to interact with the backend API and serve components.
● Worked with Angular 4 forms, modules, DOM, events, expressions, controllers, filters, and Http Request.
● Used HTTP Request to read data from web servers and process JSON data to render in the UI.
● Experience with Angular 4 Directives, Dependency Injection, Services, Routing, pipes, Animations, Forms, AOT, Lazy Loading, RXJS.
.
.
Jun 2016 –
Aug 2019
Java Developer
United Health Group – India
● Worked as per Agile Methodology (Scrum) to meet customer expectation, timelines with quality deliverables.
● Involved in preparing Maven builds scripts, deployments and integration and configuration management of the entire application modules.
● Developed the User Interface using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery and enhanced response using twitter Bootstrap and Angular6.
● Used NodeJS for building web applications with client-server architecture, where both can initiate communication in two-way connections and allow them to exchange data.
● Created RESTful web services interface to Java-based runtime engine and accounts.
● Create and configured the continuous delivery CICD pipelines for deploying Micro Services and lambda functions using Jenkins CI server.
● Worked with MongoDB to store non-relational data into collection and retrieve them when-ever required.
● Used AWS cloud services such as EC2, auto-scaling and VPC to provision secure build, highly scalable and flexible systems.
● Used the Struts framework for managing the navigation and page flow.
● Worked extensively in migrating the XMI framework to Angular Framework, all the XMI web pages are rewritten using AngularJS framework.
● Responsible for writing AJAX functions using JavaScript, jQuery and CSS in HTML.
● Developed front-end code with AJAX call in React JS and jQuery to retrieve data as JSON Object from controllers in back-end RESTful Server, then display the well-organized result in web pages by writing AngularJS controller, services, and route providers.
● Experience in producing SOAP and REST Web Services.
● Used Jenkins for continuous Integration and continuous Delivery to assemble pipelines amid organization.
● Create and configured the continuous delivery CICD pipelines for deploying Micro Services and lambda functions using Jenkins CI server.
● Used JIRA tool for Issue/bug tracking, monitoring of work assignment in the system.
● Implemented crosscutting concerns using Spring AOP and data base security using Spring Security technologies like JWT (JSON Web Tokens).
● Testing for NODE JS is done using Mocha and Chai and for spring boot used Mockito, JUnit, Mock MVC and thereby achieved Test Driven Development.
● Behavioral and integration testing is done using Cucumber testing tool.
● Participated in code reviews and used Maven for builds and SVN for source control. Education
June 2012-
May 2016
Bachelor of Computer Science
JNTU - Hyderabad
.
Contact this candidate