John Franklin
Talented Full Stack Web Developer
adypjt@r.postjobfree.com Singapore, Singapore https://github.com/thsWebstorm03 https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-franklin-0b01a5278 PROFILE
I am a full-stack developer with a broad and versatile coding skill set. I quickly helps startups and enterprises with prototypes and ideas by efficiently building those things into reality. My expertise lies in building MVPs, apps, enterprise software, scalable microservices, web crawlers, REST and Socket APIs, infrastructure modeling, AWS, and deployments. I am the go-to guy for any of your development needs. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Full Stack Developer
Coding Dojo
co-authored and piloted a React curriculum at the home campus and assisted in migrating the three-stack.
02/2022 – 03/2023
Washington,
United States
Upgraded Backend Service with Python.
Created a platform - specific to efficiently track Zoom class attendance and push it to program's backend.
Integrated the Gmail API for sending automated, template-driven emails to students.
Senior Backend Developer
Episource LLC
Built RESTful APIs that served data to the JavaScript front-end based on dynamically chosen user inputs that handled over 500,000 concurrent users. 10/2019 – 12/2021
California, United States
Built internal tool using Node.js to automate QA and monitoring of donor-facing web app, which improved CTR by 3%.
Reviewed code and conducted testing for 3 additional features on donor-facing web app that increased contributions by 12%.
Senior Frontend Developer
Air Labs
Built a simple, high-performance React application. 02/2018 – 09/2019
London Area,
United Kingdom
Created pixel-perfect designs with styled components.
Integrated a context API to handle application state.
Developed a small React Native application (using Expo) as a proof of concept.
Wrote a custom REST API library with Context API. Junior Frontend Developer
Golden Hippo
Created the admin application of the web store in React. 05/2016 – 12/2017
Delhi, India
Replaced Redux with Apollo Client for GraphQL against a Ruby back-end.
Created a HOC architecture to reuse common GraphQL functionality for listing and filtering.
Created our own custom UI library with styled components.
Used HOC for form manipulation.
EDUCATION
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science
Singapore Management Unversity
2012 – 2016
Singapore, Singapore
SKILLS
Languages
HTML5, CSS3, PHP, GraphQL, JavaScript,
TypeScript, C++, Python
Libraries/APIs
React Redux, REST APIs, React Router, Chart.js,
D3.js, Stripe API, Open GL, PDFLib, selenium
Paradigms
Object-oriented Programming (OOP),
Asynchronous Programming, Functional
Programming
Storage
MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB
Frameworks
Express.js, React Native, Ext JS, CodeIgniter, MUI, React-Bootstrap, Next.js, Flask, Django
Platforms
Visual Studio Code (VS Code), Amazon EC2, AWS
Lambda, Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Tools
React Apollo, Expo.io, Git, Prisma, Expo, Jira,
Slack, Beautiful Soup
LANGUAGES
English Chinese
Contact this candidate