Google cloud platform(GCP)
A Beginner’s Guide to the useEffect Hook in React
Mastering the useState Hook in React.
Exploring the Power of useRef hook.
Won at the institution level, created a platform that helps connect the local sport teams. Solving for India Hackathon by Google, AMD, GeeksforGeeks Sharda University, Greater Noida
TECHNICAL SKILL
PROJECTS
It is a web app where you can copy ai pompts and use directly. It also used Firebase to store all the user's data and Authenticate users . Features: Create, Update, Delete your prompts, Like functionality, Real time Data, trending prompts functionality,viewing others profile, Skelton loading, etc.
Abdullah
+91-844******* Github LinkedIn Hashnode
"Passionate problem-solver seeking a position to leverage technical skills for company growth and personal development." EDUCATION
B.tech, Computer Science Engineering
Promptify
Codeverse
adyq5s@r.postjobfree.com
Graduating year: May 2025
CGPA (till 4 sem): 8.6
Cloud Platform:
Languages and Framework:
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Javascript,Typescript,JAVA,Python,C
Frameworks: Node,React,Nextjs,TailwindCss
Abdsidd Ecommerce Store
It is a web app similar to other ecommerce store built with Nextjs. Uses Firebase for backend and stripe for payments. Features:Cart functionality, Payment functionality, Real time Data, etc. It is a web app where people can upload their projects and explore others. I have used Firebase to store all the user's data and Authenticate users . Features: Upload, Update, Delete your project and also recommend project supports is also there. Filter by category, etc.
- Github
- Github
- Github
TECHNICAL BLOGS
It's a web app that use API to display movies data on UI. Uses local storage and TMBD Api.
Search Movies, Add to favorite functionality, Search movie by category, etc. MovieMind
- Github
-Certificate
WeatherWeb
It is a web app by which you can see the weather of any region. It uses weather Api for fetching data.
User can query data according to his location
- Github
Contact this candidate