Raj
adyqnb@r.postjobfree.com
832-***-****

Professional Summary:
Full Stack Developer with over 8 years of experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Like Analysis, Design, Coding, Testing, Debugging and expert in working Agile, Rapid Application Development (RAD) and Waterfall Model.
Extensive Experience in developing application using Java Technologies include Core Java, OOPs, Java Server Pages (JSP), Custom Tags Library, XML, JDBC, JMS, Java Beans, Model View Controller (MVC), Spring framework, Hibernate and Web services.
Extensive Experience in design and development of various web and enterprise-level applications using Java/J2EE Such as Spring MVC, Hibernate, EJB, Servlets, JSF and Google Web Toolkit.
Extensive Experience in developing Cloud Native Application with Spring Framework and Spring Boot.
Proficient in developing Restful Micro Services as Spring Boot Application.
Expert in developing web based distributed and Front-End Application using three tier architecture using HTML5, CSS3, Java Script, JQuery, Bootstrap, Angular and Ajax.
Experience in using Angular.JS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.
Strong experience in developing Hibernate based DAO layer, Transactional based service layer for business logic and integrated all these layers using Spring Dependency injection, ORM and Web modules.
Experienced in Development, testing and deployment of enterprise applications on Windows and UNIX platforms using IDE's such as Eclipse.
Experience in Java 8 features such as lambda expressions, Parallel operations on collections, multithreading and for effective sorting mechanisms and Streams to store and process the data.
Experience with Docker images, Containers, push/pull with Spring Boot, used Jenkins for CI/CD.
Good experience on working with Amazon Web Services (AWS) like EC2, S3, Amazon Simple DB, Amazon RDS, Amazon Elastic Load Balancing, Amazon SQS, AWS Identity and access management, AWS Cloud Watch, Amazon EBS and Amazon Cloud Front.
Experience in working with various Application Servers like IBM Web Sphere, Web Logic, JBoss and Apache Tomcat Servers.
Proficient in using build tool as ANT, Gradle, Maven to compile, package the components to the Application Servers. Developed MAVEN scripts for customizing WAR/ JAR file management for web applications.
Expert in Build Tools like CI/CD-ANT, Maven, Jenkins and logging tools like Log4J.
Hands on work experience in implementing SOA architecture with SOAP (JAX-WS) and REST (JAX-RS) web services.
Extensive Experience in working with multiple databases like Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, DB2, PostgreSQL and SQLite and NOSQL Databases like (Mongo DB, Cassandra, Dynamo DB, Infinity).
Experienced in an agile environment that involved daily stand-ups and scrum ceremonies
Committed to excellence, self-motivator, fast-learner, team player, ability to deal with people diplomatically and a prudent developer with strong problem-solving skills and communication skills.

Technical Skills:
Languages
Java 8, SQL
Java/J2EE Technologies
Core Java, JSP, Servlets/Applets, JDBC, JNDI, JMS, JSTL, Java Beans, Java Multithreading, Generics and Collections, EJB, Tiles, IBM MQ Series
Web Technologies
JavaScript, XPath, XML, jQuery, Angular.JS, Bootstrap
Frameworks
Spring (IOC, AOP, Boot), Hibernate
Design & GUI Tools
Eclipse, NetBeans, Intelliji
App servers
IBM WebSphere, Apache Tomcat, BEA Web Logic, JBoss
Databases/Tools
Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, PL/SQL Developer
Design/Version Control
UML,, SVN, GitHub
Methodologies
Agile, Waterfall
Operating Systems
Windows, Linux, UNIX

Professional Experience:

Client: Visa Inc. CA Nov 2022 – Till date

Role: Java Backend Developer

Responsibilities:
Jenkins Automation for the CI/CD workflows pipelines to build and deploy applications.
Utilized GCP, Kubernetes, and OpenShift to enhance application scalability and deployment efficiency.
Used Spring/Spring Boot framework for Inversion of Control (IoC) and created new endpoints for REST APIs.
Implemented Lightweight H2 and Oracle databases for performing CRUD operations.
Employed version control tools like Git, GitHub, and Bitbucket for development and code management.
Utilized Rally to update work progress and collaborate with team members.
Implemented XML and JSON as media types for RESTful API operations.
Utilized JPA Hibernate to map data types with database tables and SQL data types.
Designed and developed Java collections API with Java 8 features and extensively used Spring Security for authentication and authorization.
Implemented Log4J framework for logging purposes.
Involved in building database model, APIs and views utilizing Python, in order to build an interactive web based solution.
Created data mapping documents with source systems data and the Actimize Model database.
Worked with senior architect and data modelers to plan and design Actimize model and its underlying data structure at early stages of the high-level design process.
Installed and configured AIS, RCM Platforms and IFM Solutions.
Created user controls and simple animations using Java Script and Python.
Conducted thorough analysis and debugging of OIPA’s C# scripts and resolved complex technical issues, contributing to an increased system stability and reduced downtime.
Collaborated with the actuarial team to incorporate actuarial calculations and tables into OIPA, ensuring compliance with insurance regulations and standards
Performed unit testing using JUnit and TestNG, as well as integration testing using Mockito for functional testing of the entire application.
Implemented solutions using Hadoop, Apache Spark, Spark Streaming, Spark SQL, HBase and Scala.
Kafka integration with Spark using Spark Streaming API.
Worked on Scala for implementing spark machine learning libraries and spark streaming.
Implemented Spring boot microservices to process the messages into the Kafka cluster setup.
Implemented to reprocess the failure messages in Kafka using offset id.
Implementation of different exporters to get metrics of the OpenShift components and servers.
Creation and Follow-up of RedHat Cases to solve problems/bugs with the OpenShift Platform or OS.
Employed Maven for compilation and building JAR and WAR files.
Acted as a mentor and subject matter expert for Oracle Insurance Policy Administration and C#, providing training and support to junior team members and colleagues.
Utilized Agile methodology for reporting work progress.

Environment: Spring, Spring Boot, JSP, Hibernate, EJB, Log4J, Mockito, Actimize, Kafka, Maven, Oracle or H2, OIPA, IntelliJ, GCP, Kubernetes, Spark, OpenShift, RedHat and Windows.
References: Will be provided upon request.

Client: Charter Communication, Denver, CO. July 2021 – Oct 2022
Role: Full Stack Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in analysis, specification, design, and implementation and testing phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and used Agile Methodology (SCRUM) for developing application.
Responsible for developing java components using spring, Spring JDBC, Spring Transaction Management.
Implemented MVC design pattern using Spring Framework.
Developed the application using Java 8 and implemented its features like lambdas Expressions, Time API, Streams, functional interfaces, collectors, default methods, type interfaces, for each.
Developed the business layer using Spring Boot.
Used Micro services architecture, with Spring Boot based services interacting through a combination of REST and Spring Boot.
Deployed Spring Boot Micro-Services Docker container using Amazon EC2 container services and AWS.
Designed, developed and maintained the data layer using Hibernate and performed configuration of spring Application Framework.
Worked on Big Data Integration & Analytics based on Hadoop, SOLR, Spark, Kafka, storm and web methods.
Implemented Kafka producer and consumer applications on Kafka cluster setup with help of Zookeeper.
Used Spring Kafka API calls to process the messages smoothly on Kafka Cluster Setup.
Developed Data Ingestion application to bring data from source system to HBase using Spark Streaming, Kafka.
Data segregation/categorization is performed based on the requirement using Spark Streaming API (Transformations & Output Operations) on the data stored in HBase.
Created data mapping documents with source systems data and the Actimize Model database.
Worked on developing asp.net test pages to test the Actimize functionality using Actimize APIs.
Used HTML5, CSS3, Java Script, Bootstrap, Angular.JS and Node.JS as frontend building Environment.
Used Angular 6 to create a Single Page Application (SPA). Enhanced application performance by Angular 6 Component based development in view of future Angular framework transitions.
Worked on Angular.JS which combines web applications with Model View Controller capability to make development and testing of code efficient.
Implemented Micro Services using PCF (Pivotal Cloud Foundry) platform build upon AWS.
Managed AWS (Amazon Web Services) like EC2, S3 bucket, ELB, Auto-Scaling, SNS, SQS, AMI, IAM, VPC (Virtual Private Cloud), Cloud Front through AWS Console and API Integration.
Developed web applications like message posting and auto complete form valuations using JSON, AJAX, and DOM scripting.
Used Hibernate for Object Relational Mapping and Hibernate Query Language.
Used the J2EE design patterns like Value Object Pattern, Business Delegate, Service Locator and Session Façade, Singleton, Factory and DAO.
Created and compiled XML Schema to generate Java Bean classes.
Implemented caching techniques, wrote POJO classes for storing data and DAO's to retrieve the data and did other database configurations using EJB.
Used GIT as a version control system and deployed the application in Production environment and implemented Log4J for Logging Errors.
Installation, configuration of OpenShift components to enable monitoring, cluster metrics components like hawkular-Cassandra, hawkular-metrics, heapster.
Implementation of different exporters to get metrics of the OpenShift components and servers.
Wrote and debugged the Maven Scripts for building the entire web application.
Worked on Jenkins for continuous integration and for End to End automation for all build and deployments.
Written SQL queries PL SQL Stored procedures, functions, triggers, cursors, sequences, and indexes, which are going to be invoked by Batch processes.
Managed and maintained NoSQL (MongoDB) database in production domain.
Developed feature components in an agile environment (Scrum) utilizing a Test Driven Development (TDD) approach.
Providing the weekly status to clients with key accomplishments, project progress and status of the items to be delivered.

Environment: Java 8, spring, Spring Boot, MVC, Micro Services, Hibernate, Bootstrap, Spark, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular 6, Angular.JS, Node.JS, Actimize, Kafka, Docker, OpenShift, Jenkins, DAO, POJO, AJAX, JSON, XML, REST, GIT, EJB, Log4J, Maven, MongoDB, SQL, Agile, TDD, and Windows.

Client: Budco Financial, Detroit, MI. Apr 2020 – May 2021
Role: Full Stack Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in Requirements gathering, analysis and design and documentation as the application was started from scratch.
Used Spring MVC framework to develop application.
Used spring framework to achieve loose coupling between the layers thus moving towards Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) exposed through Restful Services.
Used Java 8 features like lambda expressions for communicating between business layer and database, stream API for Bulk Data Operations on Collections using both streams and parallel streams.
Involved in writing Java API for Amazon Lambda to manage some of the AWS services.
Involved in developing the application for incident creation and retrieving the events using restful web services with spring Boot.
Used Spring Boot to rapidly develop the application with certain micro services and deployed them with the application.
Hive external tables are created mapped to the data stored in the HDFS and Hive tables are accessed using Spark SQL.
Involved in design and development of server side layer using XML, JSP, JDBC, JNDI, EJB and DAO patterns using Eclipse IDE.
Worked on OIPA’s (Oracle Insurance Policy Administration) configuration using Rules Palette.
Involved in design and development of UI component, using frameworks Angular.JS, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap.
Implemented observables to get a pattern of dealing with data by using array-like operations to parse modify and maintain data in Angular 4.
Used Angular 2 Directives, Filters, 2-way Data Binding, Services, Templates, Routing and MVC Dependency Injection to build Single-Page-Applications in a clean and maintainable way.
Worked on creation of custom Docker container images, pushing images, integration of Spring Boot.
Implemented JSF framework to simplify the development of various UI components.
Used AWS to deploy the project on EC2 instance.
Developed Hibernate persistence layer modules using EJB Java Persistence API (JPA) annotations and Entity Manager.
Used Java Mailing or Messaging Service (JMS) API’s for mailing detailed notifications depending upon the success and failure once the backend process is complete and also for mailing administrator of any system related problems.
Integrated Hibernate ORM framework with spring framework for data persistence and transaction management.
Used JSF for internal report generation by fetching data from database with customized view using CSS and AJAX for form processing.
Used Log4J for External Configuration Files and debugging.
Used Maven to build the application and deployed on Apache Tomcat Server.
Used Jenkins as the integration tool and improved scalability of applications on cross-platforms.
Worked with NoSQL database MongoDB to perform asynchronous operations.
Worked on SQL queries and PL/SQL and actively involved in the production support.
Participated in Agile development and worked in different sprints with daily standup meeting and progress reporting.
Actively participated and provided feedback in a constructive and insightful manner during weekly Iterative review meetings to track the progress for each iterative cycle and figure out the issues..
Customized and enhanced the policyholder portal by integrating OIPA with web technologies, allowing policyholders to view policy information, make payments, and submit claims online.

Environment: Java 8, Spring, Spring Boot, OIPA, Hibernate, Spark, MVC, Micro Services, Eclipse, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular 4/2, Angular.JS, Docker, Jenkins, JMS, JSF, XML, JDBC, JNDI, DAO, AJAX, Log4J, EJB, Maven, MongoDB, SQL, Agile and Windows.

Client: Premier Healthcare, Charlotte, NC. Jan 2019 – Feb 2020
Role: Java/J2EE Developer
Responsibilities:
Design, develop, test and implement web-based applications to support business requirements.
Used Java- J2EE patterns like Model View Controller (MVC), Business Delegate, Data Transfer Objects, Data Access Objects, factory patterns.
Developed user interface using JSP, JSP Tag libraries, third party libraries and Java Script to simplify the complexities of the application.
Developed JSP screens using Tiles, custom TagLibs, JSP templates and JSTL.
Developed Controller class and defined spring configuration mappings.
Involved in designing and developing the application using Spring MVC and Hibernate as the ORM.
Designed and Implemented and Developed REST Micro-services using Spring Boot.
Developed and deployed Micro Services based applications using Spring Boot and Spring Cloud.
Designed and developed very complex and large web pages using Angular JS library with AJAX and JSON.
Involved in designing and developing the front end of the application using JSP, Java script, AJAX, HTML and CSS.
Developed interactive web application using Node.js, a pure JavaScript application frame work.
Used Hibernate as ORM tool and defined the mapping and relationship of each table in database to java object.
Used Hibernate for handling the database access.
Developed RESTful Web services client to consume JSON messages.
Used Log4j to provide central logging facility, comes under singleton design pattern.
Led the migration of data into OIPA using C# scripts and ETL tools, ensuring data integrity and enabling the company to decommission legacy systems, saving XX% in maintenance costs.
Involved in writing the ANT scripts to build and deploy the application.
Used web server like Apache Tomcat to deploy applications and worked on deploying application on AWS cloud environment.
Link OIPA to the CRM (Customer Relationship Managements), customer portals, and payment systems.
Performance Tuning using OIPA that involves optimizing database queries, setting up appropriate caching strategies, or managing server resources effectively.
Worked on SQL queries and PL/SQL and actively involved in the production support.
Followed Agile and SCRUM methodologies and participate in daily scrum stand up meetings during development process.
Involved in Unit integration, bug fixing, acceptance testing with test cases, Code reviews.

Environment: Java/J2EE, Spring, Spring Boot, Hibernate, JSP, JDBC, JNDI, XML, HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Angular.js, EJB, Log4j, ANT, SQL, PL/SQL, OIPA, Agile and Windows.

Client: Citizens Insurance Jacksonville, FL. Jan 2015 – Nov 2018
Role: J2EE Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in Analysis, Design, Development, UAT and Production phases of the application.
Worked on Annuity plans (Ultimate fixed product).
Worked on OIPA’s (Oracle Insurance Policy Administration) configuration using Rules Palette.
With uses of OIPA manage the security standards and needs, and add additional security measures, such as encryption or advanced authentication methods.
Designed and developed JSP Pages using Spring Framework and Tag libraries.
Involved in implementing the feature using spring framework.
Spring Boot services were developed using micro service architecture with RESTFUL.
Integrated the application with Spring Framework for implementing Dependency Injection and provide abstraction between presentation layer and persistence layer.
Used Spring Boot for developing Micro service architecture.
Used Spring Boot to be collecting the data from users and packaged the data as JSON distributed to applications.
Designed dynamic and multi-browser compatible pages using HTML5, CSS3, JQuery and JavaScript.
Did Spring POC on Spring Boot for the application development.
Used Hibernate to establish connectivity to the database.
Done validations through Angular.js for the form field validation implemented through HTML5 and CSS3.
Developed and deployed EJBs into BEA Weblogic application server.
Used Log4J for logging.
Used Maven for compilation and building JAR, WAR.
Monitored team members to follow standards, guide lines and use new tools.
Developed and maintained the integration layer between Oracle Insurance Policy Administration (OIPA) and external systems using C# and Web Services, ensuring seamless data transfer and reducing processing time
Designed and configured insurance products within OIPA, including life, annuity, and health policies, contributing to a 25% increase in product offerings and streamlining policy administration.

Environment: Spring, Spring Boot, OIPA, JSP, Hibernate, HTML5, CSS3, Angular.JS, EJB, Log4J, Maven and Windows.
Contact this candidate