Sharvani B
Full Stack Java Developer
908-***-**** adytg9@r.postjobfree.com
Professional summary:
Around 4 years of Development experience with HTML, HTML5, XHTML, DHTML, DOM, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX React Js, JSON skills with solid knowledge of usability, accessibility, and cross browser issues.
Familiarity with frameworks such as Angular JS, Backbone JS, Bootstrap JS, Node JS, SASS-CSS, and LESS-CSS.
Extensive experience in developing web page quickly and effectively using jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Responsive Web Design, Bootstrap, and experience in making web pages cross browser compatible
To optimize user experience worked on enhancements.
Used to update User Interface based on changing needs and requirements from the product manager.
Resolved cross-browser issues and website usability issues
Worked closely with the product Managers, Team Leaders, Scrum Master, QA teams and supported UI implementation efforts.
Hands-on experience in designing and developing complex applications using Object Oriented techniques like UML (Unified Modeling Language).
Experience in creating test suites using Karma, Jasmine, Mocha and Chai.
Had experience in creating page objects for the developed web pages.
Experience in creating wireframes, site maps, feature lists, specifications, and other artifacts to describe the intended user experience and developing interactive design simulations.
Experience in designing UML diagrams using Rational Rose and Microsoft Visio.
Strong technical knowledge in MS SQL Server development including DTS, Performance tuning, Reporting, Designing logical/physical databases and Troubleshooting.
Extensive in-depth knowledge in OOAD concepts of Use Cases, Activity Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams and Class Diagrams using UML.
Experience in Developing testing plans and procedures for unit test, system test, and acceptance test.
Experience in working with multiple Servers like Web Logic, JBoss and Apache Tomcat.
Extensive development experience on different IDE’s like Eclipse, My Eclipse, Net Beans, Maven, and WSAD/RAD.
Managed and configured (Amazon Web Services) cloud services like EC2, S3bucket, Security groups, RDS, EBS, ELB, Auto - Scaling, AMI, Elastic search, IAM through AWS Console and API Integration.
Designed and managed public/private cloud infrastructures using Amazon Web Services (AWS) which include EC2, S3, Cloud Front, Elastic File System, RDS, VPC, Direct Connect, Route53, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Cloud Formation, and IAM which allowed automated operations.
Design, build and manage the ELK (Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana) cluster for centralized logging and search functionalities for the App.
Written and Maintained Automated Salt scripts for Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana, and Beats. Expertise in Repository Management tools Jfrog, Artifactory, and Nexus.
Real time streaming of data using Spark with Kafka.
Skilled in monitoring servers using Nagios, Data dog, Cloud watch and using EFK Stack Elasticsearch Fluentd Kibana.
Skilled in monitoring servers using Nagios, Cloud watch and using ELK Stack Elasticsearch Fluentd Kibana. Migrate Data from Elasticsearch-1.4.3 Cluster to Elasticsearch-5.6.4 using Logstash, Kafka for all environments.
Experience withHibernate Persistence Framework and hands on Experience in solving design issues by applying design patterns including Model-View-Control (MVC), Data Access Object (DAO), Data Transfer Object (DTO), Singleton, Factory patterns, Business Delegate in the development of multi-tier distributed applications.
Experienced in developing web-based applications using Java/J2EE, Servlets, Struts, Spring IOC, Spring MVC, Spring AOP, Spring Security, Spring Boot, JDBC, Web Services (SOAP &RESTful services) and ORM frameworks like Hibernate
Good Working knowledge in CVS, Perforce, ClearCase and GIT open-source version control systems.
Good understanding of object-oriented programming (OOP) concepts like Inheritance, Polymorphism, Encapsulation and Abstraction.
Strong Experience in developing test cases using JUnit, Easy Mock and Spring Test Case framework.
Strong technical skills, high sense of ownership, good problem-solving skills, and client focused approach, fast learner, and cohesive team player.
Technical Skills:
Languages
Java, C, C++, C#, SQL, PL/SQL, UML, XML, XSL, XSLT, bash, Ruby, Python, Erlang, Elixir, Scala, Groovy
Operating Systems
Windows 98/2000/XP/NT, Linux, Unix, Mac OS, Ubuntu Linux, Gentoo Linux, CentOS Linux, Debian Linux
Web Technologies
J2SE, Servlets 2.4/2.5, JSP 2.0/2.1, JSTL, Custom Tags, JDBC 2.0/3.0, Filters, Listeners.
Front-End Technologies
HTML, XML, Java Script, TLD, Custom Tags, Swings, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript, BackboneJS, AngularJS, NodeJS, Ember JS, JSON, Marionette JS
Applications
PLSql, vsql, RubyMine, PyCharm, eclipse, tux, iTerm2, UNIX/Linux command line tools, vi/vim, maven, gcc, make, rbenv, chruby, rvm, Looker
Tools
InDesign, Adobe Fireworks, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Experience Manager (AEM)
Portfolios
Design solutions, conversion marketing, landing pages, emails, marketing materials, infographics, web experiences
DevOps / Configuration Management (CM)
chef, Jenkins, Docker, VirtualBox, VMWare, Vagrant, AWS, DataDog, monit
Web/Application Servers
Weblogic 7.0/8.1/9.0/10.0, IBM Websphere 4.0/5.5,JBoss 4.0.5, Apache Tomcat 5.5/6.0, WebSphere Application Server (WAS) + Unix/Shell Scripting.
IDEs
Eclipse 2.0/3.0/3.1, RAD 6.0, WSAD 5.1.
OOA, OOD
Data Modeling and design, Rational Rose, UML, use-case diagrams, Class diagrams, Activity diagram, Sequence diagram. Design Patterns
Build Tools
Maven, ANT
Big Data
Cloudera, Hadoop, HDFS, Spark, Kafka, Flume
DevOps
chef, Jenkins, Docker, VirtualBox, VMWare, Vagrant, AWS, DataDog, monit
Software Development
Waterfall Model, V-model, RUP, Agile, Scrum, Test Driven Development (TDD)

Professional Experience:

Investors Bank, Remote Nov 2022 – Present
Java full stack Developer

Responsibilities:
Actively worked in Analysis, Design and Development, followed Test-Driven-Development
Developed the application using agile methodology and demonstrated the functionalities to the business users in every sprint.
Initiated dynamic responsive Web Application by integrating Angular 7 with Bootstrap which is further integrated with Web Services and Vue.js.
Implemented Single page application (SPA) using the latest technologies like Angular, Typescript, Bootstrap, JavaScript, CSS, HTML.
Built Angular 7 components, UI services to consume rest services using Component based architecture provided by Angular 7.
Experience working with cloud native/orchestration tools EKS, CI/CD, Jenkins, Terraform/CloudFormation, Ansible, etc.
Developed the components using Angular 7 needed for the application from scratch and customized from various Angular related libraries to meet the application's functionality.
Moved controllers and services to Angular 7 components for more responsive and less dependency.
Writing the front-end look and appearance for the screens using Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX.
Automated Angular application module using protractor by writing java scripts and Used Jasmine as unit testing framework.
Worked on data driven testing, Cross browser testing and parallel test execution using Selenium Web driver and Selenium Grid and used Jmeter for load and performance testing.
Performed Integration and Regression testing to check compatibility of new functionality with the existing functionalities of the application using Selenium.
Worked closely with QA team and fixed QA bugs and production issues with quick turnaround time.
Used Spring Boot which is radically faster in building cloud Microservices and develop spring-based application with very less configuration.
Working with a broad range of AWS Cloud Services like EC2, ELB, Glacier, Cloud Front, Code Deploy, Elastic Beanstalk, Auto Scaling, Route53, AMI, SNS, SQS, DynamoDB, Elastic search and Cloudwatch and have in depth practical knowledge on other cloud services.
Separate Java URL’s Data from Elasticsearch-1.4.3 Cluster and transfer to Elasticsearch-5.6.4 cluster Using Logstash, Kafka.
Working with development and QA teams to design Ingestion Pipelines, Integration APIs, and provide Elasticsearch tuning based on our application needs.
Responsible to designing and deploying new ELK clusters (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana, beats, Kafka, zookeeper etc.
Responsible to designing and deploying new ELK clusters (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana, beats, Kafka, zookeeper etc.
Design, build and manage the ELK (Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana) cluster for centralized logging and search functionalities for the App.
Responsible for designing and deploying new ELK clusters (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana, beats, Kafka, zookeeper etc.
Written and Maintained Automated Salt scripts for Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana, and Beats.
Experience in Kibana in data visualization and monitoring Cluster and performance through X-pack.
Experience in building data dictionary, functions, and synonyms for NoSQL (Elasticsearch).
Created stored procedures to import data into Elasticsearch engine.
Implemented the application using Spring Boot and handled the authentication, authorization, and access-control features by using Spring Security.
Developed Micro Service to provide Restful API utilizing Spring Boot with various data persistence frameworks such as Hibernate, Spring Data JPA and messaging engines.
Designed and developed Microservices using REST framework and Spring Boot and used Bootstrap along with Angular 7 in creating the Application.
Experience programming or scripting in OOO languages Java, JavaScript, Go, Python, etc.
Implemented Test-Driven-Development using testing frameworks like Junit and Mockito.
Used IBM DB2 database for application development using Squirrel SQL Client as database tool and used Liquibase for creating, inserting, and updating the tables in DB2 Database.
Designed and implemented a SQL based database and associated RESTful web service that persists high-volume user profile data.
Worked on Data Migration from PL/SQL 11 to Oracle 12C. Creating and replacing procedures to migrate old data into new systems for database storage.
Implemented log4j for application logging and to troubleshoot issues in debug mode and used test cases using Junit during development model.
Analyzed Use Case and created various UML Diagrams like Class diagrams and Sequence diagrams.
Used Jenkins to build artifacts and Splunk for to view our logs.
Setup Continuous integration with Jenkins and make use of wide range of plugins available to set up smooth developer friendly workflows.
Produced client-side validation through JavaScript and Ajax for asynchronous communication.
Developed automation system using PowerShell scripts and JSON templates to Azure services.
Used Hibernate, object/relational mapping (ORM) solution, technique of mapping data representation from MVC model to Oracle Relational data with SQL-based schema.
Used Mocka, Karma for UI testing and used Junit and Mockito for Back-end code testing.
Worked closely with Account Managers, Consultants and Programmers to coordinate implementation of various platforms as well as customizations requested by the client.
Configured & deployed Java8 applications on Amazon Web Services (AWS) for a multitude of applications utilizing the AWS stack, cloud formation.
Worked on AWS S3 for storage of data. Used S3 storage for storing of artifact and Images. Created IAM role with S3 access and integrated that role to EC2. Used Jenkins for CI/CD on EC2 Instance.
Used Java Messaging Services (JMS) for reliable and asynchronous exchange of important information. Used ActiveMQ as a messaging server for JMS.
Deployed the Dockerized Spring Boot application that is intended to run on dev local machine.
Responsible for implementing monitoring solutions in Ansible, Terraform, Docker, and Jenkins.
Created a custom Puppet module skeleton to use the same structure across all Puppet modules.
Design, installation, configuration, and administration of Linux 5,6 and 7 servers and support of OpenShift Enterprise and non-OpenShift support.
Worked on Big Data Integration &Analytics based on Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Storm and web Methods.
Managing the OpenShift cluster that includes scaling up and down the AWS app nodes.
Used Kubernetes to orchestrate Docker containers and configure the pods to run the application.

Environment: UML 2.0, Design/Architectural Patterns, CI/CD, Mysql HTML5, CSS3, MEAN Stack, Angular, Javascript, TypeScript, MongoDB, Java, Fullstack.

Charles Schwab, TX Aug 2021 – Nov 2022
Java Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities:
Involved in SDLC Requirements gathering, Analysis, Design, Development and Testing of application using Agile Methodology (Scrum).
Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST API’S using component-based architecture provided by Angular 2.
Design and Development of Objects using Object Oriented Design in Java.
Implemented Java 8 Lambdas, Streams, and Functions.
Responsible for writing J2EE compliant java code for application development effort which involved working with JSP, JDBC, XML, Hibernate, Spring etc.
Develop changes using JSTL, jQuery, JCP, JSP, Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring JDBC, Web services.
Developed application using Spring MVC, JSP, JSTL and AJAX on the presentation layer, the business layer is built using spring and the persistent layer uses Hibernate.
Involved in preparing Maven builds scripts, deployments and integration and configuration management of the entire application modules.
All the functionality is implemented using Spring Boot and Hibernate ORM. Implemented Java EE components using Spring.
Extensively used the J2EE design patterns like Session Façade, Business Object (BO), Service Locator, Data Transfer Object (DTO) and Data Access Object (DAO), Singleton, Factory.
Used spring, Hibernate module as an Object Relational mapping tool for back-end operations over MySQL database.
Used several spring modules like Spring MVC, Spring Boot, Spring IOC, Spring DAO, Spring AOP, Spring Batch.
Developed application using Spring MVC, JSP, JSTL and AJAX on the presentation layer, the business layer is built using spring and the persistent layer uses Hibernate.
Used Spring Core Annotations for Dependency Injection Spring DI and Spring MVC for REST API, Spring Boot for microservices and Spring Batch for running batch jobs.
Configured local Maven repositories and multi-component projects and scheduled projects in Jenkins for continuous integration.
Designed and developed database objects like Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers, PL/SQL packages and Cursors for MySQL.
Defined XML documents for input and output sources of Web Services. Created schema documents for XML validation and developed XML schemas.
Writing services in Spring Boot and running and deploying them in Cloud Foundry.
Responsible for coding, testing and documenting various packages, procedures, and functions for libraries, also used JUnit for unit testing and Mockito for mock based testing.
Used Git for Version Control.
Initiated mappings among the relations and written named HQL queries using Hibernate.
Involved in writing Spring Configuration XML file that contains declarations and another dependent object declaration.

Environment: UML 2.0, Design/Architectural Patterns, CI/CD, Mysql HTML5, CSS3, MEAN Stack, Angular, Javascript, TypeScript, MongoDB

Cyient, India Sep 2019 – June 2021
Java Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities:
Worked on AWS services to deploy static websites and dynamic Web Apps on EC2 using Elastic Beanstalk and Elastic Container Service-Docker.
Implemented a Continuous Delivery pipeline with Docker, Jenkins and GitHub and AWS AMI’s.
Deployed Spring Boot based Microservices Docker container using Amazon EC2 container services and using AWS admin console.
Worked on XML Technologies like XML Parsers, JAXB for binding data to Java objects.
Developed the Spring AOP Programming to configure logging for the application.
Developed the application using Angular 6, spring, HTML, Bootstrap, CSS and JavaScript.
Created and Implemented Microservices using spring boot, REST, JSON.
Extensively used Maven to build the application and deploy on Embedded Tomcat Server.
Configured session timeout with Spring Boot in server side and implemented auto logout Functionality.
Created various MongoDB collections and wrote services to store and retrieve user data from for the application on devices and used Mongoose API in order to access the MongoDB from NodeJS
Maintained and handled database access using Node.JS and Express and manipulated data using CRUD operations of MongoDB database management system
Essentially worked on Message Routing and Kafka Broker implementation in node.js.
Implemented Cordova Child Browser in both Android iOS apps. Used various JQuery Plugins like Calendar control, Carousal control, Video Upload, etc.
Used Angular 6 as the development framework to build a single-page application.
Involved in SPA (Single Page Web Applications) using RESTFUL web services plus Ajax and React JS.
Participated in development of a well responsive single page application using Angular 6 framework, JavaScript, and jQuery in conjunction with HTML5, CSS3 standards, with front-end UI team.
Involved in creating a reusable component using Angular 6 for DOM manipulation.
Worked extensively on Web Services (SOAP&REST), XML, JMS and Spring Controller.
Reviewed the code for ensuring adherence to Java coding standards.
Responsible in testing the classes and methods using Junit test case for unit testing of application and Log4j to capture the logs.

Environment: AWS, Data Lake, Spring webflux Design/Architectural Patterns, CI/CD, Mysql HTML5, CSS3, MEAN Stack, React, Angular Javascript, TypeScript, MongoDB, Java,
Contact this candidate