James Anderson
SR FULL STACK DEVELOPER
About me
WORK EXPERIENCE
SKILLS
CONTACT
Mysten Labs - California, United States (REMOTE)
Designed, implemented, deployed and maintained
complex software solutions that fully satisfy the business requirement.
Developed highly scalable and performant Single Page Applications using React.js, Next.js, Angular, Vue.js and GraphQL.
Designed and implemented RESTful APIs using Express.js and integrated them seamlessly with the front-end
systems.
Participated in developing the back-end system of the companie's product using Node.js/Express.js/Ruby on Rails.
Collaborated with all stakeholders (Product, UX, QA, Architect, Support, Integrators, etc.) to ensure clear and well-formed user stories and well-defined defects and to deliver high-quality features.
Provided support for functional, regression, and
acceptance testing, and provided analysis and
recommendations on testing.
+1-720-***-****
adywxk@r.postjobfree.com
Denver, Colorado
Programming Languages
HTML5, CSS, SCSS
JavaScript
TypeScript
GraphQL
Web Frameworks
React, Next.js
Angular 8, Nest.js
Vue.js, Nuxt.js
Svelte
Ruby on Rails
Service Side Development
Java
Django
Node.js
Express.js
Project Management
CI/CD
Github/GitLab/BitBucket
Agile/Kanban/Scrum
Jun 2022 - Current
Senior Full Stack Engineer
A sincere, independent full stack developer who has lots of skills and experience in number of technical stacks.
An active VESUVIUS of passion, self-dedication and highly creative spirit as well as flexibility is my specialty. With 6+ years of experience in developing, I am seeking for a talented startup company to which I can devote myself for a long-term goal.
Databases
MySQL
PostgreSQL
MongoDB
Cloud Systems
AWS
GCP
Azure
Docker, Kubernetes
Researched and evaluated technical options to implement business requirements.
Leveraged CI/CD pipelines with tools like Jenkins or CircleCI to automate build, test, and deployment
processes, ensuring continuous integration and delivery. Collaborated cross-functionally within departments, participating in department meetings.
Made suggestions on architecture.
Acted as a technical expert and the team’s representative. Ensured that assigned tasks are delivered within the agreed upon deadlines and match the required quality. Utilized testing frameworks such as Jest and React Testing Library to conduct comprehensive unit tests, ensuring high-quality code and minimizing bugs.
Employed Git for version control, enabling effective collaboration and smooth code merging with other
developers.
Cyber Bee - London, United Kingdom(REMOTE)
Jul 2021 - May 2022
Senior Full Stack Developer
Proactively researched and implemented best practices, reducing technical debt by 20% and improving code
quality across the application.
Optimized application performance by leveraging caching strategies, resulting in a 40% reduction in server response time and improved overall user experience.
Integrated third-party APIs such as Stripe for seamless payment processing, increasing revenue by 25% and
expanding payment options for customers.
Developed and implemented highly responsive user
interface components using react concepts.
Writen application interface codes using JavaScript following react.js workflows.
BlockTower Capital - New York, United States (REMOTE) May 2019 - Dec 2020
Full Stack Developer
EDUCATION
Sep 2013 - Apr 2017
Colorado State University
Bachelor's Degree of Computer Science
Developed new user-facing features using React.js. Built reusable components and front-end libraries for future use.
Translated designs and wireframes into high quality code. Optimized components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers.
Worked with the back-end team for implementing RESTful API integration.
Digital Gravity - Dubai, United Arab Emirates (ONSITE) Jul 2017 - Jan 2019
Junior Full Stack Developer
Troubleshooted interface software and debugged
application codes.
Developed and implemented front-end architecture to support user interface concepts.
Monitored and improved front-end performance.
Documented application changes and developing
updates.
Contact this candidate