Manogna Ravella
Sr. Java Full Stack Developer
Email:adyxdd@r.postjobfree.com
Number:+1-404-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Around 8+ yearsof IT experience in analysis, design, development, documentation, implementing and testing of software systems in Java, J2EE and Internet technologies.
Expertise in Object Oriented Programming and development of n-tier component-based enterprise web applications.
Strong Knowledge on Application Development using Software Development Life Cycle SDLC using various methodologies like Waterfall, Agile/Scrum.
Experience in development of critical business applications utilizing Java, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, Struts, EJB, JDBC, Spring, Hibernate, Web Services, Ajax, JSF, Design Patterns, JNDI, Apache Tomcat 5.5/6.0, Vertx
Strong experience on Java 8 features like Lambda expressions and Stream API for Bulk data operations, Parallel operations on Collections which would increase the performance of the Application.
Good knowledge of spring’s IOC, AOP, Spring MVC and spring's integration with Hibernate and Struts.
Used a Microservices architecture, with Spring Boot-based services interacting through a combination of REST and RabbitMQ or Apache Kafka message brokers
Implemented Micro Services using Spring Boot and AngularJS.
Strong Experience on AWS platform and its dimensions of scalability including VPC, EC2, ELB, S3, and EBS.
Good knowledge on Amazon Web Services(AWS), Amazon Cloud Services like Elastic Compute Cloud(EC2), Simple Storage Service(S3), Amazon Simple DB, Amazon Cloud Watch, SNS, SQS, LAMBDA and experienced in building highly scalable java applications using various architectures.
Used Apache Kafka in cluster as messaging system between the APIs and Microservices.
Experience in developing and consuming Web Services using WSDL, SOAP, HTTP, and UDDI. Has good knowledge in RESTful web services.
Good experience in implementing Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) with XML based Web Services (SOAP/UDDI/WSDL), AXIS, JAX-WS using Top-Down Approach and Bottom up Approach.
Excellent Relational Database understanding and experience with Oracle, SQL Serverand MySQL.
Generated DDL scripts, andwrote DML scripts for creation of database objects in Oracle database.
Composed and executed MongoDB scripts to insert and update NoSQLdatabase, automating data changes and reporting.
Experience Query optimization, functions and Stored Procedures and other database objects. Also worked on Postgres and Cassandra.
Developed enterprise applications using Scala.
Experience on Core java technology including multithreading, JDBC, RMI, and network programming.
Developed and deployed applications onto various SDLC based environments using the industry standard techniques of Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment in Jenkins, which reduces the time for the deployment of Microservices.
Have been involved in building and deployment of the applications by using build tools like ANT, Maven etc.
Hands-on experience in using Eclipse, SLF4j, Log4j, JUnit, Mockito, TestNG for building, logging, testing JTest for Performance Testing and Clear Case, Microsoft Visual Source Safe, CVS and SVN for version control.CI/CD tool sets such as Jenkins.
Excellent Client interaction skills and proven experience in working independently as well as in a team. Strongly initiative, creative and able to learn new technologies. Ability to deal with people, ability to grasp things fast. Strong sense of team player.

EDUCATION:
Masters : Chicago State University
Stream :Computer Science
Year of passing : 2017

Bachelor’s : JNTUH
Stream : ECE
Year of passing : 2014

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Web Languages
Core Java, J2EE (JSP, JSF, Servlets, Spring Web Flow, JSP Tag Libraries, EJB 3.0, JMS, Kafka, JDBC, JavaScript, SQL
Frameworks
Spring MVC, Spring Security (LDAP), Spring Core, Spring Webflow, Spring DAO, Spring ORM, Spring Boot, Struts, Hibernate, JSF Framework
Methodology
UML, J2EE Design Patterns
Scripting Language
Java Script, CSS, AngularJS, PHP
Web Technologies
HTML, DHTML, JavaScript, CSS, AJAX, JSON, JQUERY, AngularJS
Cloud Technologies:
Amazon Web Services (EC2, SQS, RDS, IAM, S3), and Spring Cloud
Database
Oracle11g/10g/9i, MySQL 5.x SQL, PL/SQL, and SQLServer
IDE Tools
Eclipse, IntelliJ IDEA
Web Services
SOAP, SOAP UI, RESTfulSOAP, RESTful, Micro Services, AWS
Version Control
SVN, IBM Clear case, CVS
Tools
RAD, Eclipse, Edit Plus, Apache Ant, log4j, JUnit, Visio, ANT, Maven

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Client: American Express Feb 2021 – June 2023
Role : software Engineer II

Responsibilities:
Designed, developed, debugged, tested, and maintained web based internal applications scalable to support Growing organization.
Took ownership of the modules and supported the application through testing in lower environments and deployment to production, also provided production support.
Worked with tracking tool JIRA on Agile Scrum performance estimation and capacity planning work with the project manager and product development teams to create and implement projects.
Built Restful services that consume and produce JSON objects handled with Vertx framework.
Followed test driven development where the code is tested using Mockito and JUnit test cases to ensure the code is written to work as expected.
Participate in sprint reviews and system demos with the leadership team to showcase the development taken place so far in the quarter. Get feedback from them and discuss with architects on the technical approach.
Used Service-Now application for creating incidents, change requests and Configuration.
Used Postman to hit the REST API’s and testing.
Setup the Continuous Integration (CI) & Continuous Development (CD) for the application using Jenkins.
To maintain the version of the files used GitHub and took the responsibility to merge code from branch to master and created new branch when further implementation started.
Used IntelliJ IDEA IDE tool for application development.

Environment: Java, Vertx, Jenkins, Postman, Gradle, IntelliJ, Mockito, Junit, RESTful Web services, JSON, Bit bucket, GIT, Agile, JIRA.
Client: IHG (InterContinental Hotels Group)(Atlanta, GA) April 2019 – Jan 2021
Role: JAVA Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities:
●Involved in various phases of project development following Agile Software Development Methodology and Test-Driven Development (TDD) to build the application.
●Used Angular to create Single Page Applications (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.
●Worked on creating business logic in controllers, directives and routers, developed routing through webpages
●Used AngularJS framework for building web-apps and is highly efficient in integrating with Restful services.
●Used AngularJS for Custom Directives, Custom Filters and Node.JS for back-end support with APIs.
●Added new services to interact with RESTAPI using AngularJS.
●Created application on Spring Batch framework and Multithreading to improve performance.
●Configured local Maven repositories and multi-component Ant projects with Nexus repositories and scheduled projects in Jenkins for continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD).
●Used Tomcat server running for the application development and deployment and JIRA for issue tracking.
●Used log4j with Splunk Logging for logging error/debug messages and managing them.
●Actively involved in code reviews and bug fixing using Clear Quest as bug tracking tool.
●Scala Mock for Unit Testing code behavior and Sonar cube for code coverage for unit tests.
●Implemented Test Driven Development (TDD) for developing and testing the application.
●Used GIT for Source Control and Version Management of all codes and resources.

Environment: Java 8/11, Scala 2.10, Scala 2.11, J2EE, Spring Framework 4.0, Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring Boot, Hibernate 4.3, REST Web Services, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular 8, Angular JS, NodeJS, ReactJS, Bootstrap, JMS, Kafka, Spark, JSON, Apache Tomcat 8.0, Apache Maven, Postman 2.0, JUnit, Log4j, GIT, JIRA, Jenkins, Oracle 11g, Windows.

Client: Ameriprise Financials(Minneapolis, MN) Sep 2018 – March 2019
Role: Software Engineer

Responsibilities:
●Involved in Full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) from Requirement gathering, design, development, testing and documentation.
●Worked in Agile Development Environment. Participated in the daily SCRUM meeting and paired programming to produce quality delivery within time.
●Design common framework for RESTAPI consumption using Spring Rest Templates.
●Design and develop common utilities for JSON to Java object and vice versa using Jackson libraries.
●Used Core Spring framework for Annotation based Dependency injection.
●Wrote Kafka producers to stream the data from external rest APIs to Kafka topics
●Used Spring AOP to handle transactions session aspects and to implement security.
●Achieved transaction using Spring AOP and stored procedures
●Used Spring MVC Spring Security Spring ORM modules to integrate with MongoDB to implement the persistence layer with JPA/Hibernate.
●Development back-end with Spring MVC framework on underlying Hybris platform.
●Wrote spring configuration file to define beans define data source and hibernate properties.
●Performed data loading based on multi-consumers using Spring, Hibernate framework
●Build Microservices for the delivery of software products across the enterprise.
●Developed spring boot application for writing web services.
●Used Spring Boot which is radically faster in building cloud Microservices and develop spring based application with very less configuration.
●Developed RESTFUL Web Services which are consumed by several clients like Mobile, Tablet, as well Web.
●Configured the web.xml file for REST server injection to enable the REST web services by using JAXB API.
●Developed a cross-device/cross-browser web application for real-time location sharing utilizing AngularJS, JavaScript API.
●Created sites to organize client contracts and to summarize monthly financial data using Ember.js, D3.js and MySQL.
●Implemented the function to send and receive AMQP messages on RabbitMQ synchronously and asynchronously and send JMS message to Apache Active MQ on the edge device.
●Use of chrome-dev-tools, react-dev-tools and redux-dev-tools for debugging.
●Composed and executed MongoDB scripts to insert and update NoSQL database, automating data changes and reporting.
●Setup logging using Log4j for tracking the processes and errors.
●Worked in a test-driven development environment, used JUnit and Mockito for backend test cases, and Karma and Jasmine for the frontend test cases.
●Cooperated with testing team in regression testing to fix the defects during the QA phase.
●Worked with the business analysts to gather requirements, create the JIRAS and plan the sprints.

Environment: Java 8.0, Design Patterns, WebLogic10.2, Java, J2EE Servlet, jQuery, Struts, Spring 4, Spring Boot, Spring Security, Spring Core, Spring MVC, Microservices, Hibernate, RESTful API, Web Services, JMS, Kafka,SOAP, WSDL, UDDI, JAX-RS, JSON, React, Redux, HTML, AJAX, JavaScript, XML, NodeJS, MongoDB, Oracle 11g, MQ, Maven, Jenkins, Log4J, JUnit, Mockito, JIRA.

Client: CTDI – Westchester PA Dec 2016 – August 2018
Role: Java Developer

Responsibilities:
●Involved in Design, Development and Support phases of SDLC. Used agile methodology and participated in SCRUM meetings.
●Developed the application using Spring Framework which is based on the MVC design pattern.
●Data Operations were performed using Spring ORM wiring with Hibernate.
●Used Ajax and JavaScript to handle asynchronous request, CSS to handle look and feel of the application.
●Used JSP, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, CSS3, and HTML5 as data and presentation layer technology.
●Design and development of a proof-of-concept real-time notification system using Node.js.
●Implement modules into Node.JS to integrate with designs and requirements.
●Used Angular.JS and jQuery library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the application.
●Worked on Angular.JS, used its two-way data binding to achieve the feedback functionality from the user.
●Responsible for designing the User Interface by coding in HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, Bootstrap to build this SPA Single Page Application. Implement REST-based web services with AngularJS.
●Developed a fully functional prototype application using JavaScript(jQuery and Backbone.js) and Bootstrap, connecting to a REST-full server on a different domain.
Environment: Java 1.8, Spring MVC, Spring Core, Spring Boot 1.1.5, Spring IOC, Spring Security, Spring Rest, Microservices, Hibernate, MongoDB, JUnit, GitHub, JSON, Jira, XML, JMS, Linux, Oracle 10g, REST API, MYSQL, JSP, HTML5, CSS3, Ajax, jQuery, Ember.JS, Angular.JS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, React.JS, Windows7.

Client: Pragma Software Solutions Ltd - India June 2014 – Dec 2015
Role: Associate Software Developer

Responsibilities:
●Designed project related documents using Visual Paradigm (Unified Modeling Language tool) which includes Use case, Class and Sequence diagrams.Worked on Rally dev for defining user stories, tasks and defects.
●Wrote spring rest controller calls for web application data interactions using jQuery.
●Implemented Struts framework based on the Model View Controller design paradigm.
●Implemented Spring-Struts integration.Developed JSPs and helper classes involved in the project
●Configured and deployed the applications on WebSphere App Server and Tomcat server
●Implemented various XML technologies like XML schemas, JAXB parsers and XML Bean
●Used Struts MVC Framework to flow the process.Struts MVC Architecture is used for developing the project.
●Implemented service method and SQL queries, PL/SQL to interact with Oracle DBMS
●Developed unit test cases using Mockito framework for testing accuracy of code and logging is done using SLF4j + Log4j.
●Used JUnit framework for unit testing of client inbound and outbound web services and Log4j 1.2 to capture the log that includes runtime exceptions.Deployed the application on a WebLogic server on a UNIX platform.
●Used Maven 2.0 for create the project archetype and build the interface modules for create war and ear files.
●Used SVN for version control and used eclipse as the IDE for developing the application.
●Managed the development team at offshore and provided necessary information and artifacts.

Environment: Java 1.6, J2EE 1.6, HTML, CSS, AJAX, jQuery, JavaScript 1.7, JSP 2.1, Struts MVC, XML 1.0, UML 2.0, Mockito framework(JUNIT), Log4j, SLF4j, Apache Tomcat Server, Eclipse Indigo 3.7, Maven 2.0, SVN, UNIX, Oracle 10g, MySQL, MJIRA.
Contact this candidate