Nikunj
Sr. AWS Java Developer adzdrd@r.postjobfree.com

About
Experienced Senior AWS Full Stack Java Developer with a history of working in the retail industry, specializing in microservices architecture and various API development (RESTful, SOAP) from scratch. Strong development skills in Java Technologies, Spring Framework and HTML, with hands-on experience in object-oriented programming. Also proficient in cloud service AWS and working knowledge of Azure.

Professional Summary

8+ years of extensive experience in fullstack Java Development role with expertise in development, design and implementation of various microservers, building APIs from scratch, Java, J2EE and cloud-based applications.
5+ years of professional experience in AWS (Amazon Web Services) development and Full-Stack Developer and a pro client coder in multiple languages like Typescript, JavaScript with an experience in installation, configuration, monitoring, analysis, maintenance and technical support of respective platform and server technologies-based applications.
Hands on experience with various AWS components such as AWS Redshift Analytics, AWS S3, AWS Glue, AWS Kinesis, AWS Athena, AWS Lambda SQL Database and AWS Data pipeline in creating an end to end modern cloud architecture.
Expertise in Microservices architecture, utilizing frameworks such as Spring Boot and Spring Cloud to build efficient and decoupled services.
Worked on Automating, Configuring, and deploying instances on AWS, Azure environments and Data centres, also familiar with EC2, Cloud watch, Cloud Formation and managing security groups on AWS.
Expertise in implementing Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) using Web Services RESTFUL, SOAP, WSDL, JAX-WS. Also used Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) to create modular, scalable, and maintainable systems that can adapt to changing business requirements over time.
Expertise in complex data integration processes using AWS S3 and AWS Lambda to consolidate data from multiple sources into a unified view. Also experienced with various data modeling schema such as snowflake in data warehousing.
Hands on experience in applying the OOP and AOP language concepts in building enterprise Java applications using frameworks such as Struts, Spring, Hibernate and JSF.
Extensive experience in using Apache Maven to configure and build AWS SDK. Also used Maven to manage dependencies, compile and package code, run automated tests, and deploy applications.
Proficient in implementing security measure for RESTful web services and integrating mechanisms such as JWT, API Keys for secure access to sensitive data.
Experienced in all phases of SDLC including analysis, design, coding and testing, expertise in integration using Java and J2EE architecture
Worked on SDLC and experience in developing AGILE methodology and used SCRUM method of project management.

Work Experience

Best Buy, Senior AWS Full stack Java Developer August 2020- Present
Minnesota

Project Description: I worked on an application that is part of online retail store that allowed customers to make purchases securely while reducing the purchase response time. Here I was working on Spring framework, and wrote several backend controllers to handle the routing in the application. I designed and developed this platform using microservices architecture and built robust APIs from scratch to handle user authentication and payment integration. Used Spring MVC and Java 8 for the application. Later deployed it on AWS Cloud Environment.

Lead the development of Microservices-based backend architecture for a Best buy platform, resulting in a 30% reduction in response time and a 20% increase in system scalability by low payment failures.
Collaborated with the front-end team to optimize API endpoints and reduce the number of network requests, leading to a more responsive and user-friendly web application.
Employed AWS services, including Lambda, DynamoDB, and S3, to build a serverless data processing pipeline, saving in infrastructure costs and improving data processing speed by 40%.
Designed and orchestrated complex workflows using AWS Step Functions, streamlining and automating data processing and integration across diverse AWS services.
Leveraged Spring Boot and Hibernate to refactor legacy monolithic applications into Microservices, enhancing code maintainability and promoting agile development practices.
Developed REST APIs using Spring boot, hosted all micro services on Pivotal Cloud Factory (PCF) and deployed it on AWS Cloud Environment.
Responsible for designing and developing Java components using Spring framework to implement transaction management. Also worked on deploying J2EE applications on Best Buy WebSphere Application.
Used Java 8 streams and lambda expressions to increase performance. Also worked on CI/CD pipeline for a deployment of project.

Target, AWS Java Developer July 2017- August 2020
Minnesota

Extensively used Core Java API, Spring Boot, Gradle, Kafka, Apache Camel in developing the components.
Leveraged Kafka API as well as Apache Camel in developing components. Also developed an application from scratch to extract virtual store information for a given store using RESTful API.
Integrated existing API's to AWS API management (AWS Lambda) to get all the attributes like security, usage plans, throttling, analytics, monitoring, and alerts.
Worked with Docker to deploy Microservices in modern containers to increase Isolation. Experience with building Docker Images and running them on Docker container.
Integrated Amazon Personalize and cloud front resulting a hike of about 25% in customer retention by giving them better recommendations.
Developed a consumer of digital receipts which persists these receipts into Postgres DB which holds 6 months’ worth of data.
Utilized AWS S3 for storing and processing large volumes of unstructured and structured data, enabling advanced data analytics and data mining.
Created an automated ElasticSearch index creation scheduler which creates a new index for the next month in the elasticsearch database at the end of every month.
Collaborated with AWS support to resolve complex issues and implement advanced features within AWS Data Pipeline, enhancing overall pipeline performance and reliability.
Implemented an ACR mechanism that compares and ensures that the receipts getting ingested into the ElasticSearch, Cassandra databases are the same.

Cognizant, Java Developer September 2015- July 2017
Remote

Engineered multithreaded Java applications for better performance optimization
Worked a bit on both front-end and back-end codes to an application
Utilized AWS S3 and AWS Lambda for storing and processing large volumes of unstructured and structured data, enabling advanced data analytics and data mining.
Involved in Analysis, design and coding in J2EE Environment.
Prepared Technical Specifications based on the functional requirements
Involved in development of Web services (SOAP) using CXF, JAX-WS, WSDL, to send fusion data to different upstream systems.
Created user information solutions by developing and maintaining internet/intranet applications
Used Hibernate with JPA for attaining Object Relational Mapping.
Worked with CI/CD pipelines for deployment of projects.
Contact this candidate