DeShawn O. Allen
adzm1c@r.postjobfree.com
334-***-****
http://www.linkedin.com/in/deshawnomarallen

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY

Programming: Java, JavaScript, C++, C#, VBA
Web Technologies: JSP, JDBC, HTML, SOAP, Web Services
Development Tools: IntelliJ, IBM DataStage, Visual Studio 2019, Minitab, WinSCP, Putty
Frameworks: Spring, Hibernate, Micro Services
Design Methodology: Agile Methodology, Waterfall Methodology
Web/App Servers: Tomcat, Team Foundation Server
UI Technologies: HMTL, AngularJS, JavaScript, CSS, SCSS, Kendo UI, jQuery, Angular 11, Angular 12, Angular 14
Configuration Tools: GIT, SVN, Maven, Bitbucket, GitHub
Operating Systems: MS Windows 7, MS Windows 10, MS Windows 11, Windows Server, Mac OX
DevOps Tools: Kubernetes, Azure
EXPERIENCE
October 2017-
March 2023

February 2017-
October 2017

February 2016-
February 2017

January 2015-
February2016

Full Stack Developer, General Motors, Roswell, GA
Collaborated with the project team to plan, design, and test a new application for monitoring, processing, and assigning manifests to parts and vehicles to foreign sectors.
Developed frontend interfaces to display user requested data in a spreadsheet format using Angular 11, 12 along with HTML5, CSS, SCSS, and Kendo-UI.
Developed backend models, controllers, and services to connect frontend get requests or push user data to database using Java 7, 11.
Implemented security configurations for user access by group level for each implemented page and user submitted data.
Implemented APIs to capture user data and submit to Oracle 11g Database through JDBC.
Implemented and tested database APIs to ensure data retrieval accuracy and data submission control through JDBC and SQL Server.
Created custom Angular components and services for keyboard tab controls, data loading, page control.
Created backend models, controllers, and services to capture user requests for page conversions to PDF.
Created Junit modules for testing integrity of application.
Implemented application configuration changes to utilize Spring Boot with Maven.
Deployed application to dev, test, and production versions utilizing Tomcat 9
Assisted with configuration change of deployment files from Tomcat 9 to Pivotal Cloud Foundry pipelines.
Implemented code changes and Spring Boot configuration changes for application upgrade from Java 11 to Java 17
Environment: Angular, CSS, SCSS, Java, SQL, Kendo-Ui, Git, Azure, Spring Boot, Apache Tomcat, Pivotal Cloud Foundry and Kubernetes.
Software Developer General Motors, Roswell, GA
Collaborated with the project team to plan, design, and test a new web application to provide customers with vehicle options and review purchase overview for foreign sectors.
Design mockups for screens utilizing Mockplus and Microsoft Excel.
Developed frontend pages utilizing Angular 11.
Modified front-end pages to adjust, arrange and position form data and graphs with multiple screen sizes ranging from standard pc monitor to mobile phone sizes through Angular 11, HTML 5,
Bootstrap, CSS and SCSS.
Created graphs for user history tracking through Google Charts.
Implemented backend upgrades of view, models and controllers from ASP.NET MVC 3.0 to ASP.NET MVC 4.0
Environment: Angular, ASP.NET MVC, CSS, SCSS.
DataStage developer, General Motors, Roswell, GA
Collaborated with the project team to plan, design, and test ETL scripts.
Developed parallel jobs to capture and store data from multiple databases utilizing DataStage.
Developed sequence jobs to employ parallel jobs data to a centralized data warehouse utilizing DataStage.
Developed parallel jobs to capture and convert data to become utilized in Cognos reporting utilizing DataStage.
Developed sequence jobs to employ parallel jobs to operate daily, weekly, and monthly for sales and subscriptions utilizing DataStage.
Deployed job packages and tested file creation, deletion, and marking files for audit through Putty.
Environment: DataStage, SQL, Putty, and Sap.
VBA Developer General Motors, Roswell, GA
Designed a script driven excel workbook to consolidate user data from multiple workbooks.
Tested user data against defined criteria to ensure accurate data entry.
Processed multiple uploads to mainframe system.
Environment Microsoft Excel and VBA

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, The University of Alabama
Minor: Computer Science
Major: Management Information Systems
Specialization: Business Communications
Contact this candidate