SUBBA RATHNAM T
Email: adzphi@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 469-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Around 8+ years of Professional experience in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Requirement Gathering, Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Maintenance of web-based applications using JAVA/J2EE technologies.
Proficient in designing and coding web applications using Core Java and J2EE technologies.
Extensive experience in Web application development using - HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Typescript, Ajax, AngularJS, React JS and Angular 7.
Expertise in web and application servers like JBoss, Apache Tomcat and Glass Fish.
Experience in test driven development, pair programming, agile methodologies and waterfall methods including SCRUM and KANBAN.
Good knowledge in Redux, Spring Framework and experience on the MongoDB, Spring modules like Spring Boot, Spring DAO, Spring IOC, Spring security, Spring web flow, Spring MVC and Spring AOP.
Experience and working knowledge in OOPS and OOAD concepts, Java 8, Java EE (JSP, JDBC, Servlets, EJB, JNDI), Jenkins, Log4J, JMS, Oracle web centre suite, XML and web services like RESTful, SOAP, WSDL and Axis.
Extensive experience of working with RDBMS like Oracle 11g/12 c, MySQL, SQL Server and developing SQL Queries.
Good knowledge and expertise in end-to-end testing using Mockito, JUnit.
Good knowledge on Caching, Clean code, NoSQL databases including NEO4J, CASSANDRA, MongoDB for the cluster management with Apache KAFKA as messaging system and telecom methods, order to bill and activation.
Good knowledge and experience in relational databases like Oracle, DB2, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus, Puppet, MySQL, procedures, and functions and created web service interface for Java based runtime environments.
Expertise in Swagger, AWS cloud platform which includes services like S3, EBS, VPC, ELB, EC2, AMI, RDS, Glacier, ELASTIC BEAN STALK, Route 53, LAMBDA, Cloud Front, Cloud Formation, Cloud Tail security groups and deploying applications in AWS as EC2 instances.
Expertise in Windows, UNIX, OSX operating systems and both Microservices and Monolithic based architecture.
Expertise in Process Improvement and Continuous Integration using Bamboo, Jenkins and Code Refactoring and TDD (Test Driven Development).
Experience in writing build scripts using Maven, Gradle.
Experience in using various version control systems like SVN and GIT.
Experienced in using tools like Jasmine, Karma to create unit test cases and test individual functions/ modules for Angular applications.
Skilled in using IDE tools such as Eclipse, IntelliJ IDEA and Spring tool Suite
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Programming Languages
C, C++, Java/J2EE, SQL, PL/SQL, Python
Java APIs
J2EE, EJB, Servlets, JSP, JSTL, Custom Tag Libraries, JAX-RPC, JDBC, JNDI, JMS, JAXB, JUnit, Mockito, AWT, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Spring AOP, Spring DAO, Spring Core, Spring Security, Spring REST, Spring Boot, JPA, Log4j, Apache Kafka.
Frameworks
Spring, Hibernate, MEAN Stack
Scripting Languages
JavaScript, TypeScript, jQuery
Web Technologies
HTML/HTML5, XML, CSS/CSS3, Bootstrap, JSP, Ajax, NodeJS, Express, ReactJS, AngularJS, Angular 2.0 and above
Web/Application Servers
Apache Tomcat, WebSphere, WebLogic, JBoss
IDE’s
Visual Studio Code, Eclipse, NetBeans, IntelliJ, IBM RAD, WSAD
Databases
Oracle, MySQL, NoSQL, MongoDB
Operating Systems
Windows, MacOS, Unix, Linux (Ubuntu, Red Hat)
Version Control
CVS, Clear Case, SVN, GitHub, Bitbucket
Methodologies
Agile, Waterfall
Others Software Skills/tools used
MS Office, Visio, Adobe Photoshop, HPALM, JIRA
Build Tools
Maven, Gradle, Ant

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SVB – Santa Clara, CA June 2021 to Till Date
Java Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities:

Worked as per Agile Methodology (Scrum) to meet customer expectation, timelines with quality deliverables.
Responsible for creating efficient design and developing user interaction screens using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax for service calls on pages to interact with the server.
Implemented different validation control on the web-pages using AngularJS and developing a cross-platform JavaScript based solution using Angular JS.
Worked on designing specific programs efficiently through knowledge of multithreading using the API with the goal of increasing performance on a wide variety of applications.
Used java8 Lambda expressions along with Streams for creating internal iteration and performing chain operations such as Filter, Map, Collect on a collection.
Used the Spring IOC feature to get Hibernate session factory and resolve other bean dependencies also used Spring framework AOP features and JDBC module to persist the data to the database for this application.
Validated forms using Angular 2 and regular expressions there by providing client side validation and server validation.
Created single page application structure with multiple modules using Angular 2,4. TypeScript and RXJS.
Front end development utilizing HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript leveraging the Bootstrap framework and a Java backend
Implemented logging and transaction manager using Spring AOP concept.
Connected to Data sources and performed operations using Spring Data Framework features like Spring JDBC
and Spring ORM.
Developed the persistence layer using Hibernate Framework, created the POJO objects and mapped using Hibernate annotations.
Written SQL Queries and stored procedures to interact with Oracle DB.
Built NoSQLschemas to store document and maintaining sessions in MongoDB.
Designed and developed micro services business components using Spring Boot.
Consumed REST based micro services with Rest template based on RESTful APIs.
Developed Data Services using XML messages that use REST web services, Created REST envelope.
Used JAXB to read the xml file and then created instances of a generated classes.
Used XSLT to change the Data formats into XML to XML and XML to PDF formats.
Involved in creating EC2 instances and installed required configurations and applications on it and created S3 buckets for storing object level data into it.
Used JIRA tool for Issue/bug tracking, monitoring of work assignment in the system.
Re-design and implement CI build system using Jenkins.
Developed Maven scripts to build and deploy the application in the WebSphere Application Server.
Log4J was used to monitor the error logs and used GIT as version control tool.
Focused on Test Driven Development thereby creating detailed JUnit tests for every single piece of functionality before actually writing the functionality.
Involved in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.
Used Spring framework including Spring core/IoC, Spring Web, Spring Security and implement the authentication, authorization, and access-control features by using Spring Security.
Used Spring Inversion of Control (IoC) for injecting the beans and reduced the coupling between the classes and implemented the Model View Controller using Spring MVC.
Implemented the application using Spring Boot Framework and handled the security using Spring Security.
Developed Hibernate with Spring Integration as the data abstraction to interact with the database of MongoDB.
Environment: Java 1.8, Spring 4.1(DI, MVC, Tran Management, Integration, AOP, Boot), Hibernate 4.0, JAX-RS Webservices, Angular 2,4, Bootstrap, JAX-WS Webservices, Apache Camel, JQuery 1.9, JQuery, AJAX, UML,, JSTL, Oracle 11g, NoSQL, Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon Simple DB, Amazon RDS, Amazon SQS, AWS Identity and access management, Amazon EBS, HTML5, CSS3, AngularJs, Junit, Maven, JIRA, Jenkins.

TRAVEL PORT – Englewood, CO Aug 2019 to May 2021
Java Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities:

Expertise in handling the SDLC phases like the Requirements Specification, Analysis, Design, Implementation, Testing, Deployment and Maintenance.
Designed and developed various web and enterprise business applications and implementing and testing of software systems in Java, J2EE, REST API, Spark SQL and AWS Technologies.
Used Java8 features like stream and Lambda expressions.
Working knowledge with XML and XSLT by integrating and using them in Java Environment.
Designed, developed, and implemented Spring Boot Microservices to convert the monolithic application into multiple microservices.
Developed Spring Modules like spring (Spring IOC, Spring AOP, Spring MVC, Spring Boot, Spring Security) and implemented Bean classes and configured in spring configuration file for Dependency Injection.
Developed a web application for connecting care providers and members. We have exposed the services as Rest Web Services.
Configured Spring Hibernate transaction manager and used spring declarative transaction management with various propagation levels.
Expertise in front-end UI design implementations by writing HTML5/HTML, CSS3/CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript to make better Single Page Application working on Angular 7.
Designed services and factories and injected into various methods and designed customized filter techniques in the webpage using Angular 7.
Created popup forms using Bootstrap, Angular 7, and Controller to update entity modules and database. Used Custom Angular Filters to provide better search experience.
Designed and developed REST web services for validating address.
Worked on creating, retrieving, updating, and deleting documents in MongoDB.
Composed and executed MongoDB scripts and queries to fetch and test data from NoSQL databases.
Unstructured data was handled using MongoDB and used Mongoose Connector for connecting to database.
Used Spring Kafka API calls to process the messages smoothly on Kafka cluster setup.
Implemented Test cases using Junit and Tested web services with REST Client.
Implemented the Continuous Delivery pipeline with Docker, Jenkins and GitHub and AWS AMI’s.
Used Gradle build tool to automate the process of generating Docker files, building Docker Images and pushing them to Docker Private Registry.
Worked on CI/CD process implementation using Maven and Jenkins.
Integration of Amazon Web Services (AWS) with other applications infrastructure.
Amazon EC2 is also used for deploying and testing the lower environments such as Dev, INT and Test.
Amazon IAM was used to maintain the user credentials and also involved in creating custom IAM policies to various groups defined within the organization.
Object storage service Amazon S3 is used to store and retrieve media files such as images.
Developed API using AWS Lambda to manage the servers and run the code in the AWS.

Environment: Java8, J2EE, Spring MVC, REST, SOAP, Restful API, JDBC, JSP, LDAP, Multithreading, Hibernate, XML, JAXB, JMS, JavaScript, Eclipse, Angular 7, Spring framework, Maven, Jenkins, Docker, MongoDB, AWS, Agile.

HOMESITE INSURANCE – Boston, MA Aug 2018 to July 2019
Java Full Stack Developer

Responsibilities:

Worked in a highly dynamic AGILE environment and participated in scrum and Sprint meetings. Participated in Iteration planning, requirements analysis, design, coding, testing, and documentation.
Designed and development of User Interfaces, tables using HTML, CSS and Typescript, Angular7.
Used OOPS concepts like Encapsulation, polymorphism, collections, and multithreading.
Used Java 8 Method References feature to point to methods by their names and used functional Interfaces.
Used POSTMAN to check the json data received from the services.
Used Web services for sending and getting data from different applications using SOAP messages.
Integrated Spring Boot Hibernate and JPA framework.
Used Hibernate Framework for object relational mapping and persistence.
Converted a monolithic app to microservices architecture using Spring Boot using 12-factor app methodology. Deployed, Scaled, Configured, wrote manifest file for various Microservices in PCF.
Migrating existing application into microservices architecture using Rest APIs, spring boot, Spring Cloud config and AWS. Generated Metrics with method level granularity and Persistence using Spring AOP and Spring Actuator.
Used Microservices to ensure the scalability of application on cloud infrastructure.
Used MySQL database and written number of SQL queries for retrieving the data and validated that data against the business rules.
Worked on Swagger API and auto-generated documentation for all REST calls.
Used MAVEN as a Build Process and used generating Documentation, Reporting, and adding Dependencies.
Implemented CI CD pipelines using Jenkins and build and deploy the applications.
Created a fully Automated Build and Deployment Platform and coordinating code builds, promotions and orchestrated deployments using Jenkins and GIT.
Fixed the bugs in the existing application by tracking in JIRA.
Used GITHUB for Repository Management.
Involved in System Testing, Integration Testing, and Production Testing on WebLogic Server.
Worked with Docker for creating Docker images using Docker file and Docker Compose file.
Restful Web services for other systems to interact with our system and secured the service with Spring-Security Oauth-2.0.
Wrote Operations and corresponding handlers to communicate with Oracle database sitting on Linux/Unix server
Implemented to reprocess the failure messages in Kafka using offset id.
Developed integration modules for disparate clients using Apache Camel.
Development of Continuous FTP service of encrypted large files between distributed systems using Apache Camel.
Created Docker container images by tagging and pushing the images and worked on the infrastructure using Docker containerization.
Developed unit test cases using Mockito framework for testing accuracy of code and logging is done using SLF4j + Log4j .
Developed story/task by following TDD/BDD and Pair programming concepts.
Deployed the Spring Batch application on Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) instance and bind the services like Java and PostgreSQL services.
Monitored and maintain the logs of PCF Spring Batch application from PCF Apps manager.
Environment: Java/JDK, Spring Batch, Spring Boot, Spring MVC, AWS, Hibernate, JSON, RESTful, Eclipse, MAVEN, JUnit, APIGEE, Jenkins, MongoDB, Agile Methodology, GIT, Docker, Kubernetes and Log4J, Swagger, Angular 7, HTML5, CSS3, J-Query, Node.JS, TypeScript, AJAX, POSTMAN, Microservices, Bootstrap.

DHRUVA SOFT SERVICES PVT LTD, India July 2014 to Dec 2017
Java/J2EE Developer

Responsibilities:

Developed the application as per the functional requirements from the analysts.
Developed the client-side validation using JavaScript.
Developed web screens in Html and JSP.
Design and Development of User Interface using Struts tag libraries.
Responsible for client-side validations and server-side validations in JSP.
Design and Development of server-side modules using J2EE, spring, Struts, EJB and Utility classes.
Used Web Services to extract and communicate the records using XML and REST.
Installed and configured WebLogic in Development and Testing environment.
Developed the transaction-oriented logic in the Data Access Layer.
Designed, developed, debugged and tested the web based J2EE application.
Used Log4J utility to log error, info and debug messages.
Configured and deployed the J2EE application on WebLogic Application Server.
Used the Transaction to persist the data in the Oracle.
Used apache struts to develop the web-based components.
Front end validations are written using JavaScript.
Performed Unit Testing using JUnit.
Provided a User Manual and User Training on the new system to ease them into the new system.

Environment: Java 1.5, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, Hibernate, Spring, Struts, PL/SQL, WebLogic Application Server, REST and SOAP Web services, UML, SVN, Log4J, Oracle, Unix.

EDUCATION: Bachelor’s in Computer science,2010-2013
Acharya Nagarjuna University(ANU)
Contact this candidate