Sripriya Selvam
852-***-**** adzxj0@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/sripriya-selvam
Career Objective:
I am a fresher. Seeking a position where my dedication, goals, creativity, and the ability can be utilized for the better growth and profit of the Organization and myself. Trained on networking and application programming. Have hands on an Application development using Java-J2EE framework. Have knowledge on both fronted/backend application programming plus basic networking.
Profile Summary
• Cisco CCNA Certified. Completed Professional training on Cisco CCNA Routing and Switching.
• SIMPLI Learn certified. Completed training on application development and deployment.
• Completed training on Java, JSP, JDBC, Hibernate, Spring boot, HTML, CSS
• I have clear understanding of Cisco Routers and Switches, LAN & WAN implementation. Technical Knowledge
• Coding & Tools: Core Java, Spring, Hibernate, HTML, MySQL, Tomcat, GIT, Java script
• Cisco Routers,Switches,Routing protocol,LAN/WAN, Switching,DNS, DHCP, TCP/IP
• Operating Systems: Linux,Windows
• Application Server: Apache Tomcat
SimpliLearn Full Stack Java Development Training and Project It is an online 6-month duration course on full stack java development. Technical topics Core Java - Class, Object, data structures, Inheritance, Interface, looping, File handling, Exception, Code compilation & execution. Java J2EE- MVC, Servlet, JSP, Hibernate, Spring, JDBC,Jar& WAR preparation.
Frontend-HTML,CSS and Overview on
Bootstrap,JAVASCRIPT,Overview on JS
Framework(Angular,react)
Tools used Java 8, Eclipse, MySQL DB, Apache tomcat, Spring Tool Suite, GIT, Maven
Projects Completed:
Project1 : Online flight ticket booking application User should be able to book the flight ticket using this application. The user will enter the basic details (date, source, destination, traveller info) and then the user should be able to view flight list. User must register using his mobile number and email before booking the application. They should be able to book the flight ticket. Frontend :JSP,HTML, CSS, Bootstrap.
Backend :Java8,Java Servlets.
Database :MySQL
Application Server:Apache Tomcat 8.5
IDE: Eclipse
Project2:Medicare Application
The application is developed to purchase medicine through online.In this Medicare application, user have to complete the registration first before purchasing the medicine. Once user registered,they will be able to view the list of products available in portal. User will be entitled to select single or multiple products from product list and then user have to choose payment method. Medicine order will be completed once the payment is done. Frontend:Angular framework,CSS, Bootstrap
Backend:Java8,SpringBoot,Spring Data JPA
Testing:Junit
Database :Mysql
IDE: STS
Academic Qualifications
QUALIFICATION INSTITUTION YEAR %OBTAINED
B.E(ECE)
Shri Angalamman College of
Engineering and Technology, Trichy.
2010-2014
82.5%
12th Std
VVB Girl's Matriculation Higher
Secondary School,Nammakal.
2009-2010
79%
10th Std
Rev.Fr.Lourdu Xavier Matriculation
Higher Secondary
School,Thirukkattupalli
2007-2008
84%
Extra-Curricular Activity
• Attended a National Level conference on “Microwave Integrated Circuits and Metamaterials” held at Shri Angalamman College of Engineering and Technology on 10th March 2012, Trichy.
• Attended a workshop on “World Space Week Celebrations-WSW 2013” held at Shri Angalamman College of Engineering and Technology on 5th October 2013, Trichy.
• Attended "National Level Conference on Image Processing" organized by Shri Angalamman College Engineering and Technology, Trichy.
Personal Information
Name : Sripriya Selvam
Date of Birth : 07.11.1992
Gender : Female
Marital Status : Married
Nationality : Indian
Present Address : Singasandra, Bangalore
Languages Known : English, Tamil
Declaration:
I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated here in above are true, correct, and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date:
Place: Bangalore Sripriya Selvam
Contact this candidate