NAME: C Sruthi
Sr. Full Stack Java Developer
Phone No: 551-***-****
Email: adzyz5@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sruthi-c-bb6066271/ PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Over 9+ years of Agile Full Stack Developer experience in all stages of Software Development Life Cycle
(SDLC), referring to design, development, testing and deployment of web-based and Enterprise business applications using OOPs, Java/J2EE technologies.
Hands on experience in the implementation of Core Java SE 8 concepts like Streams API, Lambda functions, Generics, Time API, Functional Interfaces Multithreading, Transaction Management, Exception Handling and Collection API.
Expertise in developing Micro services using Spring Boot and Node JS to build more physically separated modular applications which will improve scalability, Availability, Agility of application.
Proficient in implementation of spring frameworks like Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring REST, Spring AOP, Spring transaction Management, Spring Data, Spring DAO, Spring Batch, Spring Security and Spring Boot.
Strong experience using frameworks like JSP, EJB, Java Persistence API, JNDI, JMS, Struts, JSF in developing scalable, reliable, efficient web and enterprise applications.
Good experience in developing SOA (Service Oriented Architecture) and Microservices architecture using J2EE Web Services based on Restful (JAX-RS), SOAP (JAX-WS), JAX-RPC and JAXR (Java API for XML Registries) using frameworks like Apache CXF, Jersey, Axis, and Spring framework, NodeJS
(Express JS &Hapi JS).
Hands on Experience in working with Databases MYSQL, Oracle 10g/11g, SQL-Server, DB2 and NoSQL
(MongoDB, Cassandra) Dynamo DB, Couch DB, Graph DB.
Expertise in creating Databases, Tables, Stored Procedure, DDL/DML Triggers, Views, User defined data types (UDT), Cursors, Functions, data dictionaries, and maintaining data integrity and Indexes using SQL.
Good knowledge in writing stored procedures, Packages and functions using SQL & PL/SQL and good at advance PL/SQL topics like Triggers, Collections.
Experienced in developing front end applications using HTML4/5, XHTML, DHTML, CSS2/3(using SASS and LESS), Bootstrap, Angular JS, Angular2, 4.X with NGRX and developing dynamic web pages and implementing React JS with Redux and Flux patterns to attain MVC functionality.
Good experience working on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.
Good Understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions. Design and implement a Web based content management utilizing XML, JAXB, DOM, XSLT, XPath, and JavaScript for data generation and presentation with JSF.
Expertise in latest version of object-oriented JavaScript Libraries like Angular JS, Ember JS, Backbone JS, React JS, Bootstrap and Responsive Design.
Expertise in various open-source frameworks like Angular JS, Node JS, Struts 2.0/1.2, Spring 2.5/3.0, Spring MVC, IoC, Web and ORM Technology like Hibernate 3.0, JPA, EJB3.0, IBatis, Mybatis, JQuery.
Expertise in Distributed and Web environments, focused on JAVA Technologies –Java collections, Threads, J2SE, JDBC, Struts, Spring, Hibernate Framework.
Expertise in Web-Development technologies like Servlets, JSP, JSTL, HTML5, JSON, JavaScript, CSS3, XML, XSL/XSLT, AJAX, JQuery.
Good OOAD skills and data modeling using UML (Use-cases, Class diagrams, Sequence diagrams etc.). Used UML tools like STARUML.
Extensive knowledge of XML-based standards and protocols (such as WSDL and SOAP), Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), development of XSD schemas and implementing both SOAP and REST web services.
Extensively experienced in Middle Tier Development using Servlets, JSPs, and EJB (3.0).
Experience in using DOM4J, JAXB, JAXP parsing and XML Bean to process, validate, parse and extract data from XML files.
Experience in Continuous Integration tools such Jenkins and Bamboo.
Extensive experience in working IDE tools like Eclipse, Net Beans, RAD, WID (Web Sphere Integration Designer).
RDBMS experience includes Oracle, SQL Server, database programming and connectivity using JDBC, ODBC, SQL, PL/SQL, Stored Procedures, triggers, Queries etc.
Developed multiple Angular 4.0 components which are compatible with latest versions of typescript, Angular CLI.
Expertise in implementing view rendering JavaScript using ReactJS with FLUX and REDUX as architectures.
Strong experience in developing Single Page Application (SPA), using MEAN (Mongo, Express, Angular and Node) stack.
Hands on experience in developing server-side JavaScript frameworks using Node JS (Hapi JS, Express JS) to build event driven, non-blocking i/o model web application.
Experience in integration tools like Spring Integration, Mule ESB, Apache CXF, Apache Kafka, and Apache Camel to integrate the enterprise application technologies with existing JVM environment.
Experienced in handling message queues using JMS, Rabbit-MQ, IBM-MQ, Active-MQ and Apache Kafka
Consulted for a financial services enterprise on cloud migration, Kubernetes, service mesh, and other cloud native technologies.
Experience in writing IAC using Terraform to build both cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP) and on-prem infrastructure. Created reusable Terraform modules in both Azure and AWS cloud environments and deployed them into cluster in docker using swarm node.
Experience in using various Amazon Web Services (AWS) like EC2 for virtual servers, S3 and Glacier for storing objects, Elastic Beanstalk, Elastic Cache and Dynamo DB for Elastic load balancing, storing data.
Experience with OpenShift, Kubernetes architecture to design, troubleshoot issues as well as for multi- regional deployment models for large-scale applications.
Hands on experience like various SQL server services like Integration services (SSIS), Analysis Services
(SSAS) and Reporting Services (SSRS).
Implemented Docker container service, build pipeline like Jenkins, Bamboo and Go CD for Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment that can run on the cloud or on-premises.
Used Kubernetes Linux container for deploying and scaling containerized applications. \
Used AEM as a user-friendly interface for creating and managing digital content. I created and published web pages, blog posts, and other digital assets using AEM's drag-and-drop interface.
Hands on experience with build tools like ANT, Maven, Gradle and logging tools like Log4J.
Expertise in unit-testing with tools like JUnit, Mockito, Blazemeter and Integration testing tools like Selenium Web Driver, Cucumber (Behavior Driven Development testing).
Experience in using Drools rules engine for defining business rules and Validations.
Experience in software configuration management using CVS, SVN and GIT.
Strong knowledge on JavaScript Unit testing with Jasmine, Karma, Protractor for Angular JS, Mocha and Chai React JS and Backbone JS.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
EDUCATIONAL DETAILS:
Masters in Computer Science, Southern Arkansas University, Arkansas, USA. Sep 2014- May 2016
Bachelors in Computer Science, Amrita Vishwa Vidhyapeetham, TN, India. Jun2008 - May 2012 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Client: JP Morgan Chase & Co, NY Duration: March 2023 – Current Role: Associate Software Developer
Responsibilities:
Sound knowledge and experience in Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Test Driven Development (TDD), Pair Programming and Agile (Scrum) Software development.
Web application development using Angular JS and Angular UI Bootstrap with cutting edge HTML5, CSS3 technologies.
Extensively performed Unit Testing, Integration Testing, and generation of test cases for applications using tools like Karma, Jasmine, Selenium and Protractor.
Updated database scripts to accommodate changes due to UI overhaul (for both Oracle and PostgreSQL).
Java/ J2EE Core Java, J2EE, Web Services (REST), Servlets, JSP, JDBC, JavaScript, JQuery, JSON, Angular 2/4/8.
Frameworks Spring, Spring boot, Struts, Hibernate, TopLink Programming languages C, Java, Shell scripting, SQL, PL/SQL Database MySQL, Oracle, MongoDB, Cassandra
Operating Systems Windows, Unix/Linux, Mac OS
IDE/Editors IntelliJ, Visual Studio, Eclipse, Atom, WebStorm. Testing Frameworks Junit, Selenium, Cucumber
Version control GIT, SVN, CVS
Built tools Maven, Gradle, Ant
ORM Hibernate, Spring Data, JPA, MyBatis
Web Servers Web sphere, Web logic, Apache Tomcat, JBoss Web Services SOAP – WSDL, JAX-WS, RESTful – JAX-RS, Microservices Methodologies Agile, Scrum, Waterfall Model
Project Management Tools GitHub, Bitbucket, Confluence, JIRA, Rally CI/CD Tools Jenkins, Bamboo
IDE & Build Tools Eclipse, IntelliJ, NetBeans, Toad, SQL Navigator, DBeaver Cloud Environments AWS, Azure
Testing Tools Junit, Jasmine, TestNG, Mockito, Protractor, Selenium, Cucumber
Extensively Implemented Spring Boot, dependency Injection (DI) and aspect-oriented programming
(AOP) features along with hibernate.
Involved in building flexible UI, more user interactive and user-friendly web pages, reusable classes, functions using React JS, jQuery, Bootstrap, ES6 and JavaScript for client-side validation.
Configured Hibernate with Spring ORM as part of spring and Hibernate Integration for best results.
Involved in writing SQL stored procedures on Oracle and PostgreSQL.
Used Cloud formation templates (CFT) to find the resources that needed for the formation of cloud formation stacks.
Used NOSQL database Amazon dynamo DB to store data of reporting Application.
Used Amazon Cloud Watch to monitor AWS services and Amazon Cloud Watch logs to monitor application.
Good Experience in ReactJS for creating interactive UIs using one-way data flow, virtual DOM, JSX, and react native concepts.
Experience working with Docker to improve our (CD) Continuous Delivery framework to streamline releases and automating the whole process using Jenkins.
Used spring framework features like Spring IOC, Spring AOP and Spring Batch.
Developed Java API to interact with the Amazon SQS used in sending bulk emails.
Generated JSON format data packets from middle-tire controller to front-end using Jackson JSON API.
Used Apache SVN for repository management and Ant for build management.
Used JSON for data exchange between browser and server. Used JSR353 for processing and manipulating JSON objects.
Modeled JSON data from database and coded request handlers for parsing and sending relevant data to client (browser) side.
Designed and deployed XML files for Dispatcher Servlets, Application Context and Controllers to implement the Inversion of Control (IOC) module in spring.
Worked with Web services components JAX-WS services and worked with SOAP, WSDL, and UDDI to interact with external systems. Used SoapUI for web service testing.
Used Redux Framework architecture (like Reducers, Containers, Saga) for integrating the data with React-Native Application and created and used Reducers to modify Store State Tree
Used JIRA for defect management and to keep track of bugs and issues.
Built application using MAVEN and used Log4J to generate log files for the application.
Extensively Implemented Spring Boot, dependency Injection (DI) and aspect-oriented programming
(AOP)features along with hibernate.
Developed interactive web application using Node JS a pure java script application framework.
Used Client side MVC frameworks like Angular JS Single Page Application developments. Environment: Java/J2EE, Spring 3.2.5, Hibernate 4.0, Struts 2.3.3, EJB 3, Windows (development), RHEL 5 (deployment -JBoss), WebSphere 8, JBoss EAP 5, Bootstrap, Java Script, AngularJS, Node Js, Oracle 11g, PostgreSQL9, UML, SVN, AJAX, ExtJs 3.3, JSR 353, JNDI, JAX-WS, Ant, AWS (Amazon Dynamo DB, Amazon SQS, Amazon Cloud Watch, Amazon Lambda), Agile Scrum. Client: CareFirst (BCBS), MD Duration: July 2021 –March 2023 Role: Sr. Full Stack Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Participated in every phase of the software development life cycle (SDLC) within an Agile setting by collecting specifications from product owners, co-designing with the scrum master, executing development, and performed testing (including UAT and Automation).
Experience in front-end technologies like HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, Bootstrap JS, jQuery, ReactJS, web accessibility and responsive web designs and APIs of all kind. Used them to design and develop the presentation layer.
Developed various single page applications (SPA) using, ANGULAR and REACT JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.
Performed migration from Angular 8 to react 16.1 for CLNR module.
Worked with Angular JS (1.x) Controllers, Directives, Services, and filters for application functionality.
Used many Angular JS-1.x directives which allow developing many custom and reusable HTML for data binding and behavior of components.
Used Angular JS -1.x to create views to hook up models to the DOM and synchronize data with server as a Single Page Applications.
Performed Angular JS end to end testing using Protractor framework whereas Integration testing methods and behavioral driven are implemented using Selenium and Cucumber respectively.
Closely worked with Application using ReactJS libraries NPM, gulp directories to generate desired view and redux to root the URLs properly.
Experience in back-end technologies including SQL databases such as DB2, PostgreSQL, MySQL, and Oracle database and NoSQL databases like Dynamo DB.
Mocha test runner and Chai test framework are used to test React JS components. Involved in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, and Animations.
Implemented Node JS as a server-side proxy for an event-driven, non-blocking I/O model to make the application lightweight and efficient.
Developed Node.JS Readable and Writable streams to process the data from the external source of the application.
Developing RESTful web services using Node JS and Express JS and used Node JS server to interact with the Rest services and database, hosted on multiple load balanced cloud instances.
Strong experience with Axios AJAX to pull the data from the REST API and issued HTTP requests to interact with REST endpoints.
Developed dashboard based on AJAX calls with Business Customers Count, Flags, Real-time graphs for Analytical Reporting using Node JS.
Implemented JSON web tokens mechanism for authentication and authorization security configurations using Oauth 2.0.
Collaborated on business components based on Spring Boot and Microservices architecture, along with RESTful service endpoints. Additionally, engaged with Spring RESTful API to design RESTful web services.
Integrated Drools and JBPM to application framework which involved dynamic creation of knowledge base and knowledge session.
Worked in integrating JMS with SPRING BOOT by providing an instance which is embed with ActiveMQ.
Utilized Core Java concepts like Collections, Multithreading and Exception handling to develop business components.
Deep understanding of auto-scalability and high-availability concepts on Cloud environments like AWS, AZURE.
Used Multithreading in programming to improve overall performance using Singleton design pattern in Hibernate Utility class.
Used Hibernate's Ehcache to store/get data based on object key. Used @Cacheable and @Cacheput to manage Ehcache storage.
Developed application on spring framework by utilizing its features like Spring Boot, Spring Dependency injection, Spring Beans, Spring Security, Spring JPA, Spring Web flow using MVC.
Good knowledge and experience in implementing Spring Cloud- Netflix OSS stack for Microservices deployment, ZUUL for API Gateway for routing, Hystrix (Circuit Breaker) for latency and fault tolerance, and Eureka for service registration.
Used Apache Kafka cooked with Apache camel (Message Queues) for reliable and asynchronous exchange of vital information between multiple business applications.
Worked on AEM's digital asset management (DAM) system allows users to manage and store all types of digital assets, including images, videos, and documents. Maintained asset versioning, asset approval workflows, and asset metadata management.
Wrote test cases using TestNG and Easy Mock for the java backend application.
Worked with NoSQL based ORM frameworks like Cassandra DB and used Cassandra node driver.
Worked with Cassandra Node Connector for database persistence to interact with Cassandra NOSQL DB with Spring Data to unify and ease the access to Cassandra persistence stores.
Configured mongo-connector to create a pipeline from the MongoDB cluster to keep synchronize with the multiple sources like Elastic Search or another MongoDB cluster.
MySQL database used to load the application data and written PL/SQL procedures, complex queries to perform various data operations.
Hands on experience with installing, configuring, managing, monitoring, and troubleshooting SQL Server 2008r2/2005/2000.
Proficient in creating and managing databases using SQL Server Management Studio.
Implemented an express-GraphQL library to mount a GraphQL API server on the user-configured HTTP endpoint.
Performed maintenance and troubleshooting on the RedHat OpenShift systems and used it to manage the Kubernetes containerized applications.
Configured Git repositories with branching, tagging and Gitbucket for source code control.
Used Jenkins as the integration tool and improved Scalability of applications on cross-platforms.
Implemented Unit test cases using JUnit, Log4j, PowerMock, Easy mock and Mockito.
Used AWS for CI/CD blue green fargate pipelining. Familiar with Docker Kubernetes for deployment
Good Experience with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery by using tools like Jenkins.
Have worked on AWS to integrate the server side and client-side code.
Used AWS deployment services to quickly set up a dynamic website and configured virtual servers.
Used Microservice architecture with Spring Boot to the development of Kafka-based messaging solutions.
Developed Graphical User Interface (GUI) using React with NodeJS, HTML, CSS, jQuery, Java Servlets and JSP
Worked with YAML and used Swagger to describe APIs. Created and updated Swagger files to configure the definition objects or parameters of service end points.
Utilized Azure Functions to integrate applications and run backend processes according to schedules without provisioning/managing servers.
Improved application security with Azure AD multi-factor authentication and conditional access along with TFS.
Used Azure DevOps CI/CD pipelines to build the committed code using Pipelines and deployed the code to different environments using Azure DevOps CI/CD Releases.
Utilized a GIT repository for version control and the storage of Terraform files. Used cloud formation during Terraform deployments to convert old Terraform modules that had version conflicts, enabling additional control or lacking capabilities.
Utilized Azure Service Bus queues and web jobs to pass messages between different rest web API to decouple them to ensure scalability.
Environment: HTML5, CSS3, React JS, Redux, Node JS, Angular 8, React, jQuery, java Script, Spring-boot, Hibernate, Spring, Spring Batch, Spring AOP, REST API, Load Balancer, Mongoose, Mongo DB, REST administrations, HA Proxy, Docker, AWS, Mocha, Chai, Pivotal Cloud Foundry, Web Pack, Selenium, Maven and Jenkins, Git.
Client: T- Mobile, GA Duration: Jan 2020 – July 2021 Role: Full Stack Java Developer
Responsibilities:
Responsible for all stages of design, development, and deployment of applications. Developed several UML diagrams, Activity diagrams, Sequence and Object diagrams using Antoinog Microsoft Visio
Responsible for analysis, design, development, and integration of backend components using J2EE technologies such as Spring 3 and Spring JDBC.
Designed, coded, and tested key modules of the project using Java OOPS concepts.
Designed GUI of the application using JSP, HTML, and Java Script for validations, CSS, and AJAX.
Extensively used various spring framework modules like MVC, Dependency Injection (IOC), Auto Wiring, Spring Security, and AOP. Created and injected spring services, spring controllers, and DAOs to achieve dependency injection and wire objects of business classes.
Used Hibernate extensively for developing many applications. Written POJO classes and provided mapping using xml for java to relational database.
Developed interactive screens based on HTML, CSS, ANGULAR JS, Vue.js and JQUERY to dynamically generate HTML and display the data to the client side.
Worked on React JS Virtual DOM and React views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.
Implemented various screens for the front end using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and redux library.
Called Rest web services through Angular JS services to get JSON Object and modified the response object to display in UI.
Used Angular JS filters for filter functionality in search box and Iterator functionalities.
Used JQUERY selectors to show and hide content on the screens.
Used Hibernate mappings, relations between tables and entity classes to access and update information in the database. Hibernate was used as the ORM mapping tool and worked with Hibernate Query Language (HQL)
Developed a MicroService Oriented application with React JS in the front end and Spring Boot services.
Worked on Maven (pom.xml) and Jenkins to build the application and integration respectively
Involved in building flexible UI, more user interactive and user-friendly web pages, reusable classes, functions using React JS, jQuery, Bootstrap, ES6 and JavaScript for client-side validation
Worked and have a good exposure on MERN (MongoDB, Express JS, ReactJS, NodeJS) full stack programming.
Used Spring Transactions to handle transaction management, logging, and profiling.
Configured React-Redux for state management and React-Router for programmatic navigation.
Implemented Store-Redux for holding the whole state tree of application and Reducer-Redux for describing actions.
Used Axios AJAX request to data from back-end based on user interface input and post updated data back to backend.
Worked on core java, Hibernate, Restful web services, Cassandra, and JMS for application development.
Integrated Spring Boot to modularized code and implemented Rest API’s using Spring Rest and integrated Swagger API for documentation.
Used Hibernate mappings, relations between tables and entity classes to access and update information in the database. Hibernate was used as the ORM mapping tool and worked with Hibernate Query Language (HQL)
Wrote various types of Business rules in the .drl(drools file),.ece(expectation files) templates using drools rule engine for business decision making, injecting beans into the rules engine and invoking using rule base stateless session.
Implemented JWT (JSON Web Tokens) for creating tokens to assert claims in the application and thus providing authentication of RESTful services.
Developed single page application using Angular, TypeScript. Worked on advanced JavaScript concepts like ES5 and ES6.Authenticated users accessing RESTful services using Oauth 2.0, OID, OIDC and JWT
Developed web application using Angular 11 as front end and using Web API to receive and pass data to back-end.
Implemented Services by using Http Client Module in Angular for making the API calls and inject data into the required components.
Implemented Spring Batch for processing large volumes of records, including logging/tracing, transaction management, job processing statistics, job restart, skip, and resource management in the application using Quartz scheduler.
Bottle micro-framework implemented with RESTful service and used WADL (Web Application Description Language) for modelling the resources provided by the services and relationships between them.
Experience in designing and building the dimensions and cubes with start schema using SQL server analysis services (SSAS).
Skilled in writing complex SQL queries for data retrieval, manipulation, and analysis.
Created Chef Workstation, Bootstrapped instances using Chef and integrating with auto scaling, collaborated in the automation of AWS infrastructure via Terraform and Jenkins, software, and services configuration via Chef Cookbooks.
Used AWS deployment services to quickly set up a dynamic website and configured virtual servers using AWS EC2 and responsible for maintaining and expanding our AWS infrastructure using AWS EC2/EBS.
Involved in provisioning AWS S3 buckets for backup of the application and sync these contents with remaining S3 backups, by creating entry for AWS S3
Designed and implemented complex Snowflake views to meet business requirements and improve data accessibility and insights.
Gradle build tool is used to deploy the application on the web servers i.e., JBoss.
Behavioral and Integration testing is done using Cucumber and Selenium respectively. Used Junit framework for writing automated unit testing for application and Log4j to capture the log that includes runtime exceptions.
Environment: JavaScript, React JS-Redux, HTML5, CSS3-LESS, AJAX, Bootstrap, JQuery, Spring Security, Spring Data, Spring Batch, Quartz Scheduler, Hibernate, Spring Boot, Restful services, Spring Cloud-Netflix, Splunk, MongoDB, MySQL, Docker, Apache tomcat, Jenkins, Netflix Zuul API, Mocha, Chai, Selenium, Cucumber, Cassandra DB.
Client: Ally Bank Financials, NC Duration: Oct 2018 – Jan 2020 Role: Java Software Developer
Responsibilities:
Working closely with Business team, Product Owners, and other functional teams to form a team effort in development by following Agile methodology i.e., Extreme programming (XP).
Designing and developing the application components by Test Driven Development (TDD) approach using Mockito framework.
Using J2EE, JSON, JACKSON API, RESTful Webservices, spring technologies and STS as development environment in developing Microservices architecture for new functionalities in CMP application.
Making use of the WSDL and XSDs to generate client jars in implementing SOAP webservices.
Using Core Java/J2EE, XML, JAXB API, JDBC, IBM DB2, IBM MQs, Activation Specs, JNDIs, Web Services, Spring Framework and Rational Application Developer (RAD) in integration with WebSphere as development environment in developing new components in the CMP application.
Designing and developing the REST based Microservices using spring boot.
Worked with IDE as Eclipse Indigo and deployed into Oracle WebLogic Application Server & used Maven build tool to achieve more functionality for build process and used SVN for version control.
Updated database scripts to accommodate changes due to UI overhaul (for both Oracle and PostgreSQL). Involved in writing SQL stored procedures on Oracle and PostgreSQL.
Developing XSLTs in transforming the XML input messages into the appropriate XML outputs required for the application.
Hands on experience on TOAD (DB2) for the data maintenance using SQL queries and Pitney Bowes for content management.
Extensively working with JMS API for sending messages between two or more components asynchronously.
Designed and deployed XML files for Dispatcher Servlets, Application Context and Controllers to implement the Inversion of Control (IOC) module in spring.
Worked with Web services components JAX-WS services and worked with SOAP, WSDL, and UDDI to interact with external systems. Used SoapUI for web service testing.
Used Redux Framework architecture (like Reducers, Containers, Saga) for integrating the data with React-Native Application and created and used Reducers to modify Store State Tree
Utilizing static and dynamic analysis techniques to assess internal and third-party applications for Security vulnerabilities.
Good exposure in dealing with UNIX commands for setting up CRON jobs for batch processing.
Migrating the code repository/versioning tool from Serena Dimensions to GIT for better maintenance purpose.
Working on developing the process and structure required for Jenkins and creating the multibranch pipelines for continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD).
Expertise in using built tools like Maven and ANT for the building of deployable artifacts such as jar, war & ear from source code.
Using Postma1n, ARC and SOAP UI REST clients for integration testing of web services and Mockito framework for unit testing.
Using Veracode tool for scanning the applications for security constrains and to trace down any vulnerabilities.
Extensively Implemented Spring Boot, dependency Injection (DI) and aspect-oriented programming
(AOP)features along with hibernate.
Developed single page application using Angular, TypeScript.
Developed interactive web application using Node JS a pure java script application framework.
Used Client side MVC frameworks like Angular JS Single Page Application developments.
Experience in optimization tools such as Index tuning wizard, SQL profiler and windows performance monitor for monitoring and tuning MS SQL Server performance.
Building components around the analytics and audit to deal with the data from client and members so that it can be used for research and future development.
Experience in installing, configuring, and administering Jenkins CI tool on Linux machines and used Jenkins Pipelines to drive all Microservices builds out to the Docker Registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed them using Kubernetes.
Developing documentation to support the subsequent deployment of the interface components.
Participating in daily scrum meetings to discuss about the work done the before day, current day’s work and to let the teammates know if there are any roadblocks.
Participating in retrospective meetings after every sprint to discuss about the overall
Contact this candidate