










































CHAITANYA KRISHNA

PUSHPALATHA R


R.PUSHPALATHA

No.3, 28th Street

Sankar Nagar

Pammal,Chennai-600075

Tamilnadu, INDIA

Mobile : 9841154398

Phone  : 044-22482709

Email:   pushparajan_23@yahoo.co.in
DOB : 23/07/1985


PROFILE:-

· A Post graduate with 6 years of varied experience in BFSI sector, predominantly in Banking 
· Successfully Managed a team of 18 associates, a team that deals with customer satisfaction and improving the service. 
· Team Leader  willing to learn and contribute to the growth of the organization with dedication. 

CREDENTIALS:-
· Elected as Star performer of the Team in RR Donnelley.

· Best Knowledge acquirer in AML in RR Donnelley. 

· Best Performer for maintaining good information security in HDFC Bank. 

· Best Document verifier in finding out of fudged documents in HDFC Bank.
· Certified in RDBMS from SSI Limited, Chennai. 
· Self Starter , Hardworking, good leadership qualities

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY:

Hdfc Bank Ltd – Retail Liability operations

Assistant Manager – (Jan 08 – Apr 11)
a. Responsible for the  Documentation verification of Non- Resident Account and also the Resident a/c and A/c’s opened through fax and with the exceptions.
b. Responsible of all return and releases of the account opening forms.
c. Always concentrating the objectives of the process and guiding the team in the same path.
d. Handling the queries of the branches and solving the in the given time.
e. Motivating the team members to achieve the best quality and good productivity.
f. Responsible of sending the daily MIS to group head.
g. Helping the team members by solving the queries

h. Doing quality checking on the documents verified by the team members to check the quality of the work done by them

i. Queries signed by the verifiers will be checked for the  second time to avoid wrong queries and wrong returns

j. Reporting the DVU head on the monthly basis on the productivity and the quality of work by the team members and necessary steps will be taken based on the performance for that month

k. Planning for the activity on daily basis with other team leader.
l. Understanding the needs/problems of the Users’/Customers’ and providing the requirements for the development team for developing the new product or enhancing the existing applications as required.  

m. Leading a Team of about 18 Associates, which include employees of different roles, which caters the requirements in PAN India for faster access to the Bank’s services for New Customers’. 

n. Maintaining Customer Instructions, Processing customer requests for Direct Banking Channels, Documents Verification & Release etc. This unit is catering for entire South & East Branches of the Bank. 
RR Donnellley

Process Associate (Working for Bank of Ireland)

Position Taken – Team Leader ( June 06 – Jan 08)
a. Responsible for opening of Growth bond and guaranteed equity bond.

b. Responsible for return of funds by way of cheques and bacs for account closures and maturities.

c. Handling Anti money laundry checks.

d. Return of funds to the respective clients on rejection of Anti money laundry checks.

e. Responsible for change of nominations, change of address on Account openings.

f. Change of status from Joint to single and single to joint.

g. Lodgement of cheques of UK based Clients.

h. Responsible for quality control of account opening/Growth bond/Guaranteed equity bond.

i. Doing Bacs transfer. Solving customer Queries.

j. Doing closure of accounts and returning funds to customer through Bacs or cheque.

k. Sending MIS to the clients.

l. Verifying the Process Flow by auditing the Associates.
ICICI Bank Ltd – Retail Liability operations

Executive – (May 05 – Jun 06)
a. Solely responsible for opening of Fixed deposits and Recurring deposits.
b. Responsible for Fixed Deposit renewals and signature uploads.

c. Responsible for Account opening and handling customer queries.

d. Responsible for scrutiny of account opening forms.

e. Responsible for direct credit to salary accounts of employees related to various Companies.

f.  Responsible for internal audit, rectification and checking for errors on process related to account opening.

g. MIS related to account openings / processed / rejections.

h. Also involved in operational difficulties and queries related to the entire region from time to time, which involves around one hundred mails per day.

i. Upload into ICICI internal software “ Esearch” to help and guide  branches to know the rejection details related to account opening.

j. Signature verification and transfer of funds to internal customers.

SKILLSET: -   
· Languages

:  C, C++, SQL
· Database Technologies
: Oracle
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 
Passed Secondary School Leaving                                 :    1999-2000   -  89%  

St.Theresa Girls Higher Sec School, Pallavaram, Chennai

Passed Higher Secondary                                             :    2001-2002   -  83%  

St.Theresa Girls Higher Sec School, Pallavaram, Chennai

Bachelor Of Mathematics                                             :    2002-2005   -   73%

Ethiraj College For Women, Egmore, Chennai

Master of Business Administration – Finance  
            :     2006-2008 -    68%
Madras University

Diploma in Computer Education 

            :     2002-2003
Place :
 Chennai              





           R Pushpalatha






Date  :








            SIGNATURE






