















































Sonali Ghatge 
Mail ID: sonalighatge333@gmail.com 
Contact No.: +91 8128269252 

 
 
 
 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 

 
Looking for a long association with people oriented organization where individual skills, 
talent, honest and hardworking are acknowledged and conducive work environment is 
provided. 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 
     Organization  : GREEN CIRCLE, INC., Vadodara 
     Period              : Dec'17 to till date 
    Designation    : Executive HSE Consulting Services    
 
    Job Profile: 
 

  Assisted customers with business plans and marketing. 

  Designed marketing & e-marketing materials on a range of projects , for brochures and marketing. 

  Dealing with customers on daily basis and ensuring complete satisfaction. 

   Planned and implemented various online and offline marketing campaigns. 

  Mined customer databases for marketing strategies to target existing customers and develop new  

 revenue streams. 

  Initiated, scheduled, organized and managed business meetings with the customers 

  Database management, consistent communication, making proposals, negotiations, Plant visit and 

facilities of the customers, handled internal meetings. 

  Represented the organization in various Exhibitions. 

  Involved in overseas business. 

  Training to the junior staff members. 

 

     Organization  : Weld Arc Engineers, Vadodara 
     Period  : Dec'16 to Nov'17 
     Designation  : Asst. Sales, Marketing & Purchase 
 

Job Profile:   
 
  Assistant Sales & Purchase 

  Handling customer enquiries and making proposals for the same. 

  Making work orders for the principal companies. 

  Handling customer complaints promptly and effectively. 

  Training to junior staff members 

 
 
 
 
 

mailto:rananikita229@gmail.com


EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 

Bachelor of Electrical Engineering: 
Institut

e 
Passing year CGPA 

          ITM, Vadodara April – 2016 8.2 
 

H.S.C: 
School Passing year Percentage (%) 

Maharani High School March – 2012 71% 
 

S.S.C: 
School Passing year Percentage (%) 

Maharani High School March – 2010 91% 

 

PROJECT UNDERTAKEN 

 
 Automatic Solar Panel Cleaner 

    Purpose to design this project was to make  Cost Effective Solar Panel Cleaner 

    which is published in the magazine of Coimbatore Institution of Technology, Tamilnadu.   

(SCOPUS indexed). 

Skills and Competencies 
 

 
 Proficient with all Microsoft Office Programs. 

  Strengths - Time Punctual, Hard Working & Straight Forward 

PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 

 
Name  : Ghatge Sonali Vinay 
Date of Birth : 18 Sept, 1994 
Gender  : Female    
Marital Status : Single  
Nationality  : Indian 
Languages Known  : English, Hindi, Marathi and Gujarati 
 

DECLARATION 
 

 
I do hereby declare that the above given statements are true and correct to the best of my    

 knowledge. 
 
 
 

Yours Sincerely 
SONALI GHATGE 


