









































Microsoft Word - Kashyap-Ekbote.docx


   Kashyap Ekbote  
    
 
kashyap.ekbote@gmail.com  
+91 7709324816      

 
SUMMARY 

 
 As pursuing graduation from Annasaheb Magar Mahavidyalaya 

affliated Savitribai Phule Pune University in Bachelors of 
Computer Science.

 I have undertaken several projects within leading or growing 
sectors such as HDFC/ICICI/Union Bank Of India/Karur Vaisya 
Bank /NIA and Bank of Maharashtra as Team Lead with Alka 
Technology Pvt. Ltd.  Rdcc bank / Kdcc bank /Bank of Maharastra/ Canara bank 
Migretion Project Team Leader These posts have enabled me to develop not only IT industry 

experience, but also a valuable and transferable skill set in this fast-
paced sector.  Goal :- 

 
I am self motivated ,enthusiastic and science candidate who is 

finding a role in an organization which will not play provide dias to but 
also enhance my teaching and computer administration skill set.  Educational Credential :- 

 
Course Year Board/Univercity Mark 

    
10th 2008 Maharashtra 67.07% 

    

12th 2010 Maharashtra 43.04 
    

Bsc(Computer sci) 2017 Pune Univercity Appering 
    



  
 
Project : -   

Gcc Manipulation Using “C” 
 

Will produce .S (Assembly) file if -S option  is provided, will produce .o (Object) file  (and delete .S file) if -c option is provided  Will produce executable file (and delete .S 
and .o files) if neither -S nor -c option  is provided  If -o switch is provided to specify custom 
output file name then executable file will 
have custom name otherwise default ‘a.out’ 
name should be used.  Additionally your program should generate 
‘build.log’ file which will log all the entries 
corresponding to file creations and file 
deletions.   

 
Cryptography With Networking C++:-  
                                 

 Taking command line argument  file then read the 
file . 

 Encrypt the string using AES algorithm . 
 Sending the encrypted data through socket 

programming . 
 Destination  side accept the encrypted string. 
 Decrypt the accepted string. 
 And store the decrypted data in file. 
 I am using Crypto++ library. Which is Open 

Source . 
  



 Dumping information in executable using “C” :-   There are 3 mainly  section in Executable and Linkable Format.   ELF header    Section Header 
  Program Header   Program header table, describing zero or more memory segments                                                        

 Section header table, describing zero or more 
sections 

 
 Data referred to by entries in the program header 

table or section header table 

                                
 
 
 



Technical Credential:- 
 

Languages known :-   ANSI-C 
 
 

Operating system:-  (a) Linux Distribution  Red Hat, Centos , Ubuntu, etc  (b)Windows NT family and From MsDos 
(c)Mac Os X  Programming :-  Linux ,Windows, Mac  Internals Of Os:-  Unix  SDK:-  (a)Microsoft Visual studio  (b)GNU tool-chain on Linux  (c)LLVM on MAC OS X  Advanced Admin skill:-  Multi OS installation and Migration 

Removing Bad sectors Network 
Troubleshooting  Printer setups  Inventory Management  Laptop/Desktop hardware troubleshoot Solutions  Email clients management: MS outlook/Lotus/Thunderbird  



  
 
Work experience :-   1.11 Years’ experience at Alkatechnalogy Pvt Ltd.  Nature of Work:-  Team leader  Client Name with working nature:-  (a)idbi bank  Dot matrix printer setup  (b)canara bank  Thin client setup.  Bank post installation.  Windows 7 migration project with team lead.  (c)Ratnagiri district co-operative bank  Bank software post installation.  (d)Kolhapur district co-operative bank  Bank software post installation.  (e)HDFC bank  Windows 7 migration project with team lead.  (f)ICICI bank  Windows 7 migration project with team lead.  (g)Karur vaishy bank  Windows 7 migration project with team lead.  (h)Dena bank  Windows 7 migration project with team lead.  (i)Bank of mahastra  Windows 7 migration project with team lead.  (j)Union bank of india  Windows 7 migration project with team lead.  (k)ICT  Ncomputing installation.  (l)Grampanchyat  Lenovo all in one smps changing project.  (m)Cummins  Data Backup.  (n)SKF  Backup engineer .  (o)Bajaj Allianz  Backup Engineer .  



    
 

STRENGTHS  
 

 Lead & work as a team in an organized way
 Good oral, written & presentation skills  A high tolerance of stress and enjoys responsibilities  Quick learner with good grasping ability  Action-oriented and result-focused  Great time management skill          

 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 

 Date of Birth: 18th Oct 1992
 Gender & Status: Male & Single  Nationality: INDIAN  Languages Known:English, Hindi and Marathi  Social Links: https://www.facebook.com/kashyap.ekbote

   
 
I hereby declared that above information is correct upto my knowledge and brief. 
      
 
PLACE:Pune 

Kashyap Ekbote 
 

DATE: 28/10/2017 
  


