







































aastha.tyagi  05  @  gmail.  com   
09675327686

Aastha Tyagi

Objective

To  establish  myself  as  a  Software  Professional  with  razor-edged  skills  and
maximize my capabilities while acting as a positive contributor to the growth of
the organization that I work for.

Summary

● Strong technical  skills  acquired through a combination of  project  work
experience  in  college,  applied  course-work  and  sound  academic
background. 

● Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
● BCA (Regular Full time) from CCS University with 71% score. 
● MCA from Dr. A.P.J Abdul Kalam Technical University with 78% score.
● A throughout brilliant academic career. 
● Actively participated in cultural activities at school/college level. 
● Good knowledge of UNIX and SQL commands.
● Successfully completed internship in WIPRO Technologies and 
● Currently I have been working as Sybase ASE DBA in WIPRO technologies.

Roles and responsibilities

 Device initialization, database creation and database expansion.
 User management : Creating user login, adding users/aliases to databases and

allotting roles to users.
 Managing security using grants and revokes, password management.
 Performing backup and recovery of databases. 
 Responsible for supporting end users within a Production environment.
 Basic server health-check, error messages, and job scheduling using crontab.
 Handling performance related issues like blocking on server,  query slowness,

tempdb and log full issues. 
 Basic knowledge of MSSQL Server and Sybase replication.

Environment
 I am working with Sybase ASE 15.7 version on HP-UX.
 Use DBArtisan and Power-Designer tools to carry out regular DBA activities.
 Use Netbackup tool for taking database backup.
 Database performance analyzer, SolarWinds.
 Work in 24*7 shifts .



aastha.tyagi  05  @  gmail.  com   
09675327686

Technical Qualifications

Examination University Year of Passing Percentage
MCA Dr. A.P.J Abdul Kalam 

Technical Univ. Lucknow
2016 78%

BCA CCS Univ. Meerut 2014 71%

Educational Qualifications

Examination Education Board Year of Passing Percentage
Intermediate UP Board 2011 66.4%
High School UP Board 2009 68.8%

Personal Information

Name Aastha Tyagi
Date of Birth 27- Mar- 1995
Marital Status Single
Mailing Address D/o Shri Jitendra Tyagi , Charthawal

Distt Muzaffarnagar, UP - 251311
E-Mail ID aastha.tyagi05@gmail.com
Alternate E-mail ID      mailaasthatyagi@gmail.com
Telephone No 09675327686

What do I Bring Along

● Determination, Willingness and Capability to learn and progress. 
● Sincerity and Confidence 

Weaknesses

● Restless about perfection 
● Cannot leave a task undone once begun. 

mailto:mailaasthatyagi@gmail.com

