
















































	

	  

	



SAMRAT CHAKRABORTY
Contact: (M) +91 7044237068, 9903163824 || Email: samratchakraborty252@gmail.com


Expert in – Accounting | Report Generation | Financial Statements|Inventory Management|



Professional Synopsis

1. Solutions focused, Meticulous and result-oriented professional offering 3 years of successful careerin business development, journal entries, accounts payable/receivable, reconciliations.
1. Provide financial information to higher authority by researching and analyzing accounting data and preparing reports.
1. Demonstrated excellence in tackling the issues of Accounting and other related lines.
1. Experienced professional with superior ability to motivate personnel and enhance the overall efficiency, performance, and compliance with standard procedures and regulations.
1. Adroit with various technical tools including Tally9.0, Microsoft Office Suite, Windows XP.

Career Graph

O & G Engineering W.L.L-Industrial Division, State of Kuwait
Accounts Assistant									           Feb’2013 to Dec’2015

Key Deliverables:
1. Responsible for receiving, recording and depositing cash and cheques.
1. Recorded and documented financial transactions.
1. Efficiently managed payables and receivables including reconciliations and general ledger functions.
1. Prepared payments by verifying documentation and requesting disbursements.
1. Processed Purchase order.                                                                                                                        
1. Answered accounting procedure questions by researching and interpreting accounting policy and regulations.
1. Maintained financial security by following internal controls.
1. Secured financial information by completing data base backups.
1. Monitored and recorded Company expenses.
1. Send statement to outstanding customers.
1. Interacted with customers to resolve outstanding issues.
1. Oversaw inventory and office supply purchase.
1. Manpower allocation as per the requirement of the project.
1. Coordination with the concerned departments & other Sub-contractors as per the site requirement.
1. Contributed to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
1. Accomplished the result by performing the duty.


                                             VOLUENTEER  

HT Tran & Associates, Adelaide, Australia
Book Keeper											Oct’2009 to Mar’2010

1. Maintained Accounting Records.
1. Arranged Bank deposits and Withdrawals.
1. Reconcile Bank Statement.
1. Received approval of all accounts payable invoices and supplied payments to vendors.
1. Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/database, using Excel.
1. Paid bills and ordered office Supplies.
1. Record all business Transaction into database.







Skillset

1. Operations Management
1. Accounting Systems
1. Process Management
1. Strong Oratory Skills
1. Project Co-ordination
1. Strategic Planning & Execution

Accounting Skills
1. Bookkeeping (Accounts Receivables/Payables)
1. Tally 9.0 ERP
1. MS-Excel

Attainments

1. Accomplished individual and group work assignments in Accounting Fundamentals, Analytical Technique for Accountant, Corporate Finance, Information System from University of South Australia.
1. Accomplished Final Semester Graduation Group Project in Attendance Record Management System from WBUT.

Credentials

1. Graduate Certificate (Professional Accounting) from University of South Australia (UNISA), Australia in 2012.
1. Bchelor in Computer Application(BCA)from West Bengal University of Technology, India in 2007.
1. All India Senior School Certificate Examination (A.I.S.S.C.E) –(Class-XII) from C.B.S.E, India in 2004.
1. All India Secondry School Examination (A.I.S.S.E) –(Class-X) from C.B.S.E, India in 2002.


Personal Minutiae

1. Date of Birth		: 1st September 1984
1. Linguistic Proficiency	: English, Hindi and Bengali
1. Passport Details		: P5106303
1. Hobbies			: Playing cricket, volunteering in social activities, watching animation movies

References:

-----------Available on Request-----------------















(Samrat Chakraborty)
