





































 

 

VAMSI KRISHNA      Phone: +91-8288868090 
Email: vamsikrishnakamakoti@gmail.com 

 
SUMMARY: 
 

 Around 3 years of experience on IT, especially in Medidata Rave™ Study Design and RAVE 

EDC system. 

 Working as a Study Designer which Includes Designing of the Forms, Dictionaries, Folders, 

Matrices, Building Study specific Checks etc. from the Scratch. 

 Working in Custom Function, Edit Checks, Derivations, Migrations, Lab Administration and Batch 

Uploader. 

 Excellent in issue investigation of Custom Functions and finding root cause analysis. 

 Implementing Dynamic and complex study design requirements through CF’s. 

 Possess Problem-Solving Skills, Ability to Follow Industry standards and procedures. 

 Have knowledge on Migration process and Publish checks for Database changes. 

 Ability to grasp things quickly and logically, proactive to learn new technologies. 

 Excellent troubleshooting skills, attention to detail, and rapid, constant learning. 

 Worked closely with the Testing Team and product management to deliver high-quality software 

products. 

 A self-motivated professional with good analytical, problem solving, communication and 

interpersonal skills, with ability to work with people of different technical knowledge. 

 Implemented new changes and new Ideas in Clinical and RAVE platform. 

 Very Good knowledge in C# programming. Also having good experience in .Net applications. 

 

EDUCATIONAL DETAILS: 
 

 Graduation in Bachelor of Technology in Mechanical Engineering from Lovely Professional 
University, Phagwara. 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

 Currently working for Covance as a Clinical Programmer from 24th  September 2018 to till date. 

 Worked as Programmer Analyst in Cognizant Technological Solutions from 20th September 2016 

to 14th September 2018.  

 

mailto:vamsikrishnakamakoti@gmail.com


 
TECHNICAL SKILS PROFILE:   
 

Programming Languages C, C++, C#  

RDBMS 
SQL Server 2005/ 2008, 

Oracle, MS Access 
 

Web Technologies Markup Languages : HTML, CSS & XML 

Script Languages : Java Script  

Tools : Visual Studio .Net 

 
 
PROJECT EXPERIENCE SUMMARY: 
 
PROJECT: 
 
Title   : Medidata Rave 
Environment  : Medidata Rave® 2017.2.3, VS 2012, C#.Net 

Role              : Programmer 

Roles and Responsibilities  

 Building the eCRF’s and related objects based on the design specification from the Scratch. 

 Based on the timelines, will deliver the eCRF’s for review and involve in all the meetings related to 

the study and solve the issues base on the comments by the client. 

 Capable of sending the timelines for split go-live studies and any database modifications based on 

the study structure. 

 Conducting meetings with the study Teams regularly and getting the requirements as per the protocol 

and working in accordance with the timelines. 

 Able to work as a team in all the ways and always able to learn new things and can able to share the 

knowledge. 

 Able to provide technical knowledge to the data management team if any Complexity in the eCRF 

and any validations and can judge the best solutions for complex issues. 

 If the Study is new, then from eCRF design till go-live, able to provide all the study related 

information, any reference to the newly added eCRF’s and reports whenever it is required. 

 Whenever any dynamics involved in the study structure, then can able to give the best dynamics 

logic which will be helpful for sister or other studies as well. 

 Most of the Custom functions involved in the study will be handled with the all the best practices 

suggested by the Medidata. 

 Review and Fix the UAT and PROD Issues related to the Custom Functions. 

 

DECLARATION :  

 

I solemnly declare that all the above information is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 

Place : Bangalore                                                                                             VAMSI KRISHNA 

Date : 26SEP2019 


