




























































	Saptarshi Poddar
	
	saptarshipoddar21@gmail,com
Cell: 9831072105
Monirampore,Barrackpore
Kolkata-700120

	
	
	

	Summary
	
	
	I am currently working in Wipro Technologies as ADMINISTRATOR-L1. I have a total work experience of 04 years 02 months. I have completed my BTech in 2014 in Electronics and Telecommunication branch.

	
	
	

	
	
	

	Work History
	
	
	

	
	
	
	Currently working in Wipro Technologies as ADMINISTRATOR-L1. I am working as User Access Administrator.

	
	
	
	

	
	
	

	
	
	

	Projects
	
	
	· Automatic Tank Filling Controlling and Monitoring System.
· Zigbee based Home Appliance Control Systems.

	
	
	

	
	
	

	Skills
	
	
	I am well versed in the following software
· MS Excel
· MS PowerPoint
· MS Word
· L1 Knowledge on Desktop support
· User Access Administrator

I am well versed with the tool Active Directory.

I am aware about the Desktop Troubleshooting steps and have basic knowledge on Networking.




	
	
	

	
	
	

	Education
	
	
	Biju Patnaik University Of Technology
2010-2014
	Electronics & Telecommunications
                     78%

	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	CBSE
2008-2010


ICSE
2010
	                 SCIENCE
                    60%


English, History & Civics, Geography, Mathematics, Science, Computer
                   82%
dffd



	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	

	Hobbies  
	
	
	· Listening to Music
· Travelling
· Painting
	





Declaration

I hereby declare that the information furnished in this document is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.



Date:
Place: Kolkata									Saptarshi Poddar



Copyright information - Please read

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Hloom.com. You can download and modify this template for your own personal use to create a resume for yourself, or for someone else. You can (and should!) remove this copyright notice before sending your resume to potential employers.

You may not distribute or resell this template, or its derivatives, and you may not make it available on other websites without our prior permission. All sharing of this template must be done using a link to http://www.hloom.com/download-professional-resume-templates/. For any questions relating to the use of this template please email us - info@hloom.com





 (
Sensitivity: Internal & Restricted
)
