















































CURRICULUM VITAE


CURRICULUM VITAE

OBJECTIVE:

A challenging position at the work that utilizes my extensive work experience, strong interpersonal skills and organizational ability. The desired position would ideally provide opportunities for knowledge advancement in related areas and continued career growth.

PERSONAL:

1.
Name



:
Hiren Dilipbhai Gandhi.              

2.
Current Address

:
602, Gaurav Enclave,
                                                              Kankia Road, Mira Road,

                                                              District - Thane 







Mumbai – 401 107
3.
Permanent address
:
11, Virani pa, 

Khajuri sreet,Nani Bazar,

Dhrangadhra – 363310

Dist – Surendranagar

State - Gujarat

Phone no® – 02754 281316

3.
Email
Address

:
hiren_gandhi1983@yahoo.com
4.
Telephone no

:  
(M):  9920219339

5.
Date of Birth

: 
18th May, 1983.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:

1997-1998
S.S.C (first Class) from Gujarat Secondary Education Board, Gandhinagar.

1999-2000
H.S.C (first Class) from Gujarat Secondary Education Board, Gandhinagar.

2000-2003
B.Com (first Class) from C. U. Shah Collage of Commerce, Computer and Mgt., Wadhwan.

MBA pursuing

· Computer Knowledge: - 

· Good Knowledge of MS Excel, Word, Power Point, Tally 7.2, 9.0
WORK EXPERIENCE:


Company name
:- Access Point

Company Profile
:- (Barclays Finance -PIL,BIL &LAP Department )

Designation 
:- Sales Support Executive.
Duration

:- 3rd  March, 2011  to Till Date.

Job Profile            :-

· Preparing PIL, BIL & LAP login, approval &disburse MIS and publishing same MIS on daily basis.
· Handling all activities pertaining to vendor payment.
· Preparing control sheet which includes vendor wise login count, approval volume, disburse volume.
· Handling personal reimbursement of Barclays staff. 

· Handling the queries of vendor & branches as well as channels.

· Handling all activities pertaining to get CIBIL report like upload the CIBIL request on CIBIL system & download the CIBIL report of same request.
· Handling LG (Lead generator) code creation activity on LG system.
· Working as a centre person between vendor & branches as well as channels  which includes get leads dump file from vendor, share the same leads to location wise branches & channels for revert, get the revert from branches & channels, prepare updated dump file with revert & send same updated final dump file to vendor.
Company name
:- Sparsh BPO Services Ltd (Intelenet)


Company Profile
:- (Barclays Bank – Credit Card Department )

Designation 
:- CPE(Cards Underwriter)
Duration

:- 24th September, 2007  to 28th February,2011.

Job Profile            :-

· Decision making of the applicants on the basis of policy norms.
·  Handling all the activities pertaining to approvals of Credit Card.
· Deep Check (Mandatory Documents Checking).
· Auto Check (UN Sanction / Dedupe Check / Black List / Watch List).
·  Policy Check (Verify Bank Credit Card Policies).
· CIBIL Checking (Repayment Track of Customer).

·  All Verification Checking (RV, BV, BTV, RTV etc.).
· Decision Making (Approve / Decline of Credit Card).
· Handling Balance Transfer on the basis of CIBIL of Customer.
· Handling Block Card, None Authorise, Authorise Process of Card in System.
· Handling Quality Check of Customer Application. 
1) Company name
:- Cholamandalam General Insurance Co.

Company Profile
:- General Insurance Co

Designation 
:- Back office Associate.
Duration

:- 8th Jan, 2007  to 18 September, 2007.

Job Profile            :-

· Maintaining MIS of Commercial Business for Mumbai Regional office.

· Quality check of all the policies issued at Mumbai regional office.

· Handling Brokerage Payment & Keeping records of all proposals.

· Receipting of Cheque in the system received by Mumbai Regional office.

· Taking care of Endorsement of Fire, Marine Policies
· Preparation of Closing Slip and Coordinating with Manager of Operation at      Head Office, Underwriter and Executive Operations.

· Handling queries of Marketing Associates, Brokers. 

3) Company name
 : - Citi Finance

Company Profile   : - Providing Personal Loan 

Designation 
 : - Back office Associate

Duration

 :   1st September, 2006 to 25th December, 2007.

Job Profile             :-

·   Maintaining MIS Record of Business for Ahmedabad Regional office.

· .Processing the file of client for providing Loan. 

·  Verification of all documents require for providing Loan.

·  Coordinating with Manager of Operation at Head Office, Executive           Operations.

· Handling queries of Marketing Associates, Client. 

4) Company name
 : - ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co.

Company Profile  : -  General Insurance Co.

Duration

 :   24th August, 2006 to 31st August, 2007.

Designation 
 : - Back office Associate

Job Profile             :-

· Maintaining MIS Record of Business for Ahmedabad Regional office.

· Quality check of all the policies issued from Mumbai regional office.

· Receipting of Cheque in the system received by Mumbai Regional office.

· Verification of all documents require for issuing policy.

· Online Preparation of Application form for issuing policy and Coordinating with Manager of Operation at Head Office, Underwriter and Executive Operations.

· Handling queries of Marketing Associates, Client. 

INTREST & HOBBIES:

· Playing Cricket.

· Travelling.

· To learn new things

LANGUAGES KNOWN:

· English, Gujrati, Hindi 










