






































My Resume 1


Venu Gopalan 

Mobile no:   8921664478 
Email id: venugopalan021@gmail.com 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 
Customer Service Representative with 3 years of experience of sales and  technical 
support. Aiming to use my proven customer service, sales, and communication skills to 
effectively fill the role in your company and add value to the organisation that 
contributes to my overall growth as an individual. 

EXPERIENCE 
Associate, Unimoni Global Business Service( UAE exchange), Ernakulam — 2017 - 
Present (20/2/17- present) 
Pitching the sales of the online money transaction services of the UAE exchange for the 
customers to help them send money to their respective country with ease. Also helping 
customer to understand the usage of the online portals to make them easier and user 
friendly. Interacting with the customers and co-ordinating with the UAE exchange 
branch and other departments and helped with the customers with transactions. 

Consultant, Sutherland Global Services, Ernakulam — 2015-2017 (30/1/15 - 13/2/17) 
Worked for the McAfee Antivirus as the technician of Windows Technical Desk, with 
good technical knowledge about the software and being able to interact with the 
customers and help them resolve the problems. Dealt with the escalated cases and 
helped the customers with their problems faced in the software and system. 

EDUCATION 
Pursued B Tech in Mechanical Engineering( 2010 - 2014) with 63% CGPA under the 
Calicut university. 

Attained the 12th standard with 63% in science and 10th standard ( ICSE) with 64% 
marks aggregately.  

SKILLS 
 • Strong leadership and interpersonal skills. 
 • Solid communication skills. 
 • Adept at complaint resolution. 
 • Exceptional telesales skills. 
 • Skilled in MS Office, MS PowerPoint, Autocad, Catia and Ansys. 
 • Work efficiency in Windows and Mac OSX. 

ACTIVITIES AND INTERESTS 

 • Reading novels, playing indoor and out sports 
 • Active participation in Social welfare activities 
 • Participated as coordinator and volunteer in technical functions 
  • Endurance sports and travelling 



PERSONAL DETAILS 

Name       : VENU GOPALAN 

Nationality     : INDIAN 

Date of Birth     : 21-05-1988 

Marital status     : Single 

Contact Number  : 8921664478 

Languages known: English(R-W-S), Hindi (R-W-S), Malayalam (S) 

DECLARATION 

I hereby declare that the above information given by me is true to the best of my 

knowledge. 

Place: Kakkanad       Venu Gopalan 


