
















































Sukesh K
Salesforce Developer
+91 9020122766 
s.sukeshk@gmail.com
A challenging and rewarding Salesforce Developer position within the IT domain where prior experience, personal ability, commitment to professionalism would be of value and provided with space to utilize my skills to benefit mutual growth and success.

	Professional Summary
	
	· 4.5 years of experience in Salesforce and Java Technologies.
· Project implementation from Requirement Analysis, Design, Development, Testing to Deployments and Maintenance.
· Strong experience in Salesforce Application Customization and Design, Configuration, Apex Classes, Visual force With Java Script.
· Driving the Data Migration Activities including data validation, cleansing and upload.
· Excellent understanding of Eclipse and other Integrated Development Environments.
· Experience in REST API integration.
· Worked with both Agile and Waterfall methodologies for Software Development Process.



	Experience
	
	Business Technology Analyst : Deloitte, January  2016 - present 
Project Engineer : Wipro Technologies, March 2014 – January 2016
Software Engineer : Nexegen Consultancy Services, July 2013 – February 2014 

	
	
	

	Certification
	
	Salesforce Certified Platform Developer I: August 5, 2017
Salesforce Certified Platform App Builder October 14, 2017


	
	
	

	Education
	
	Master of Computer Application
CUSAT, Kerala 2013
Distinction with 76.30 %.
Bachelor of Science
Kannur University, Kerala 2010
Physics main with 78.30 %.
Higher Secondary Examination -XII
Board of Secondary Examination, Kerala 2007
Science stream with 84.67 %.
SSLC
Board of Examinations , Kerala 2005
With 91.57%


	
	
	

	Skills
	
	Salesforce: Visualforce, Apex classes/Controller/Triggers. Sales cloud, Standard/Customer objects, Process Builder, workflows, approvals, email templates, formulas, validation rules, reports and dashboards, REST API
Web Technologies: HTML, JavaScript and CSS.
Java Technologies: Core Java, J2EE, Struts, Hibernate and Junit
Tools : ServiceNow and JIRA
IDE: Eclipse.
Version Control: SVN, Git
Databases : MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL

	
	
	

	Projects
	
	Salesforce Projects
An American global pharmaceutical company dedicated to creating medicines that help improve people’s quality of life.
Patient Connect Platform
PCP application tracks and manages all the information related to patients. Includes information’s like which the support program patient is involved in, injection trainings, Product Complaints etc. This applications supports multiple geographies which includes Canada, US, Japan, UK and Germany.
ELRRTS
ELRRTS tool would facilitate the process by which Regulatory personal track who is receiving access to Registration related documentation. Provides metrics by which the Regulatory personnel can measure (quantify) the number of documents sent to the affiliates.
AKSESS
This application provides an online account request system for the setup of Elanco Knowledge Solutions (EKS) tools. The purpose of this project is to enhance the initial version of the application built on Force.com with some additional functionality to close audit gaps.
EXIST
Provided a portal for HCPs on a public site, along with information and submission sections for Investigator Initiated Research. It also provides a back end for an approval workflow process for managing Investigator sponsored trials.
Mission Control Enhancements
Mission control is project management application used to track all project under this pharmaceutical client.
Java Projects
Integrated Eligibility System
State Government which offering various beneficiary programs for the needy people under health and human service department 
Integrated eligibility system portal, which is a rule-based system. Eligibility is automatically determined based on the business rules that are established in the system. This applications determines the eligibility of the individuals who has applied for various health and human service beneficial programs offered by the state.
Technical Environment : J2EE, PostgreSQL, HP Exstream, PMD
Continuous Glucose Monitoring App
One of the fortune healthcare company which manufactures equipment and reagents for research and medical diagnostic applications.
Client has already developed a continuous glucose monitoring application, which includes a CGM transmitter and an android application that displays the result to the diabetic patient. The objective of this project includes the standardization of the BLE CGM profile, bug fixing and enhancement to the existing code
Technical Environment : Android, Bluetooth Low Energy, Junit
Smart Warning Algorithm 
The primary objective of this project is to build an efficient Smart Warning Algorithm Library, which could facilitate in providing appropriate notifications about the glucose level of a patient. The notifications shall be generated based on the patient’s continuously monitored glucose level readings.
Technical Environment: Core Java, Android, Junit.
B2B Ecommerce Platform Maintenance
An American multinational consumer electronics corporation which offers expert service at an unbeatable price more than 1.5 billion times a year to the consumers, small business owners and educators.
Complete maintenance of the company’s B2B (Business to Business) platform, engaged in 24/7 support of their e-commerce site and sales manager channel.
Technical Environment : J2EE, Unix, Oracle 


	Personal Dossier

	
	Father’s Name: Gangadharan P K
Mother’s Name: Sarojini K
DOB: 6th January 1990
Gender: Male
Marital Status: Single
Languages : English, Hindi and Malayalam
Permanent Address: P K House, Near Railway Gate, Pappinisseri,
Kannur, Kerala-670561



