





































Sai Krishna Dasyam
E-mail:	saidasyam@gmail.com
Mobile:	+917036436978      

Professional Summary
· Having 2 years  experience in development of Web applications using JAVA and J2EE technologies.
· Hands on experience in Core Java, Spring,Hibernate, PL/SQL, JDBC, HTML, CSS,Servlets and JSP.
· Experienced in preparing Stored Procedures,functions,triggers,views,SQL queries,Pivots,CTE.
· Having good knowledge in Software Development Life Cycle.
· Experienced in designing and development and Unit test case preparation.

Technical Qualifications
Language   : Core Java,J2EE, PL/SQL, HTML, CSS,Java script.
Databases  : Oracle, SQL SERVER

Educational Qualification	
Bachelor of Technology from MVGR Engineering college, Visakhapatnam (A.P) in 2016.
Senior Secondary from Narayana Junior College, Board of Intermediate in 2012.
Higher Secondary from Board of Secondary Education, Gurajada Public School, S.S.C in 2010.

Organizational Experience
				
Company Name : SourceHOV India Private Limited
Role	 : Developer
Designation : Programmer Analyst
Duration : Aug 18, 2016 to Till Date

Projects Handled:

	Project Name 	: KOMODOFCB-REPORTS
Technology	: Spring MVC, Hibernate, MS SQL server,Java script and JSP
	Team Size		: 3
	
Project Description:
Komodo FCB is web-based application, which provides the user to configure the  business rules in the GUI. 
The purpose of this project is to develop an automated system  for managing the business rules 
in various domains. The system is configurable and generic across all projects. Each and every rule can be configured in the system with minimal effort.



Responsibilities:
· Involved in creation of spring controllers,services,repository classes.
· Involved in creation of restful web services.
· Work flow has been generated as per UI Culture and web application.
· Unit test cases creation and unit testing
· Debugging and fixing the bugs

Project Name	: DESIGN STUDIO
Technology	: MS SQL server 2012, Core Java, HTML5and CSS3.
Team Size		: 3

Project Description:
We process various types of claims with automated manner. The functionality of Design Studio is to customize the business specific catalogue and customer  specific Catalogue for claim form process. It can able to customize the fields and properties to map with business rules based on customer requirements and business specification. Design Studio provides the generic schema
catalogue to various automated claim processing mechanism to pre-setup their Configuration in order to process their claims in future. Design Studio makes it faster, More generic and/or more specific with rich user interface.
Responsibilities:
· Requirements gathering and Time Estimation
· Creating Stored Procedures and Views  involved in creating DB Design
· Fine Tuning the stored Procedures
· Debugging and fixing the bugs
 
Personal Details

Name				:	SAI KRISHNA DASYAM
Father’s Name		:	D.B.V. BHASKARA RAO
Date of Birth		:	08 OCTOBER 1994
Nationality			:	Indian
Sex					:	Male
Linguistic abilities	:	English, Telugu, Tamil and Hindi (Moderate).
Phone				:	07036436978
Email				:	saidasyam@gmail.com

Declaration:
I hereby solemnly affirm that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge.

Date:
Place:					             			(SAI KRISHNA DASYAM)
