














































Anish Gokil AJ                                        Email               : anishaj08@gmail.com
                                                                         Mobile             : 9840086931                                                   
	HIGHLIGHTS



· Around 2 years of experience in Manufacturing Execution System (MES) with Apriso 2017, in which I gained good knowledge in Production, material and quality modules.  
· I got trained  by Dassault Systemes for Apriso 2017.
· I have Expertise in Process Builder, Screen Frame Work, Global Process Manager, Apriso Client, and Basic Knowledge of Machine Integration. 
· I have been Design and Developed the MATERIAL, QUALITY and PRODUCTION in the SAP MES APRISO.
· I have Good Knowledge of SCREENS, VIEWS, LAYOUTS and OPERATIONS in Apriso 2017.
· I have been working on the Process and also I developed the screen for creating PROCESS in the run-time.    
· I have been working on Creating the EMR Report.         

	Achievements



Oracle1Z0-051 SQL Certified from Pearson Vue
Microsoft 98-361 Software Development fundamental Certified from Pearson Vue
	Technical Expertise



Technologies: Apriso, C#, VB.net 
Web Technologies: HTML, Java Script
Database: SQL, Oracle 11g
	
Experience Summary

	


	

	
	
	Organization Name
	
	
	Designation
	
	
	Duration
	
	   Years
	
	

	
	1
	Atos India Pvt Ltd.
	
	
	
Associate Engineer
	June,2015
	Present
	
	     2.3yrs
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	Project Summary



Projects 1
Client: Fresenius Kabi
Domain: Apriso
Roles: Design, Developing and Analysing
Description: 
· Here the Material will receive and do some Quality Check for Storing in to the Warehouse Location and the It’s moved to the suggested Location like Production Area.
· In the Production Area, The products will do assembling and Quality checking and consuming the Products.
· In the Quality Check Using disposition, the Product Will checks by their characteristics and storing in to the Warehouse Location.
· In the Non-Conformance, It Creates NC Order, Replace Components, and Closing Defects.

Projects 2
Name    	      :  Associate Rule Mining from bone marrow analysis for disease 
                               Prediction.                     
Client		     :  CMC Hospital, Vellore
Environment    :  Vb.net, SQL
Team Size          :  2
Duration            :  3 Months
Description: The System Predict the disease from the bone marrow analysis data which is given from the CMC hospital. Based on Association Rule Mining Techniques in data mining, here find the disease name from the data. 
· Here data is cleaned, pre-processed, integrated and transformed for the process. 
· Based on apriori algorithm. 
· Here calculated the support values, frequent item sets and confidence. 
· Using confidence values the association rule gets generated and gave the results for disease prediction.


	Academics



MCA from Madras Christian College Secured 70%, (2011 – 2014)
BCA from Dhanraj Baid Jain College, affiliated to Madras University, Secured 66%, (2008-2011)

	Personal Profile



Father’s Name		: Joshua A
Gender			: Male
DOB				: 23-June-1991
Marital Status		: Single
Address			: No: 5/135A,
                                                Kiliyancode, Nallur,
                                                Marthandam,
                                                Kanyakumari (DT),
                                                Tamilnadu-629165




Declaration
I hereby declare that the above stated information is true to the best of my knowledge.


Place:                                                                                                        Yours truly,
Date:                                                                                                    ANISH GOKIL AJ





