













































SUDEEP BANERJEE


CURRICULAM VITAE 

 

Hiya Sengupta 
30 Bikram Garh Road, Kolkata-700030 

Phone: +918486671738 , 8910081718 

Email: hiyasengupta1993@gmail.com 

 

 

Career Objective: 

 

To work for a stable and growth oriented organization whereI can utilize my 

education, skills and expertise for the benefit of the organization with a clear vision 

of learning further and grow with the organization 
 

Experience: 

 

2 years & 5 months experience with an Ad. agency  “Release My Ad Media Private Limited.” 

 

 

Designation -   Executive in  Client Acquisition  

 

 

JOB PROFILE: 

 

 Handling Calls & responding to customer queries 

 Providing the information about the prices of various newspaper ads. 

 Setting up a good plan to put the Ad. As per the client budget 

 Negotiation the Ad. Price with the clients over phone 

 Booking ads.as per the client requirement  

 Making a complete  track record of booked Ads, month wise as well as year wise 

 Making a total file of the booked Ad. and share the format with the respective clients  
 

 

  

Educational qualification: 

 

Graduate (B.com) from Bhola Nath College under Gauhati University in 2014 CGPA 7.4 

 

H.S   From Assam Higher Secondary Education Council (AHSEC)   79.2% 

 

H.S.L.C  From Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) ,Assam  84.4% 



 

 

 

Computer Knowledge:  
  

 Ms Office (Ms. Word, Ms Excel, Ms Power Point, & all internet related works). 

 Tally 
 

Extra Curricular Activities :   
  

 

 Trained classical Singer 
 

 Worked as a team in the flood relief camps to provide help to the victims. Organised and 
participated in various cultural programs in the school, college and Community Cultural 

Function. 

 

Strength and Qualities: 

 

Hardworking, ability to work under pressure and stress, interpersonal communication,              

ability to work collaboratively 

 
 

Personal Data: 

 

 Name:    Hiya Sengupta 

 Date of birth:  19th July 1993 

 Father’s name:  Gautam Sengupta 

 Hobbies:   Singing , Listening to music & reading Story books 

Languages known:   English, Hindi, Bengali & Assamese. (Reading & Writing) 

Permanent Address  Chhatiantola Jackson Road ward no 6  Dhubri Assam   
    Pin -783301 

 

 

 

Place: 

Date:         HIYA SENGUPTA 

Signature 


