













































T


K.Hemanth Kumar             

Email: hemanthkukalakuntla07@gmail.com                                                                                          

Mobile: +91 9742739467 

SUMMARY 

Over 2+ years of experience in software development of web  and enterprise applications using Java 
Enterprise Edition (J2EE) Technologies. 

Have exposure to integration Tools like SVN. 

Experience in design, Development and Implementation of Software applications in the area of client 
server. 

Experienced in dealing with the complete life cycle of mobile applications concept, design, build. 

Good working experience  in using core java and advanced java API for building any advanced 
applications  capabilities. 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

 Working as a Software Engineer at Softek Solutions from April 2016 to till date. 

EDUCATION 

B.Tech from JNT University in 2014. 

SKILL SET  

Programming languages :  Type Script, Java Script, Core Java ,OOPs concepts, Collections 

Java Technologies                         :                J2EE,Hibernate. 

Frameworks   : Angular Js, Node.js,  Spring 

Web Based Technology : HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap 

Database                                         :              MYSQL 

Web Services   : REST. 

Servers                            : Apache Tomcat. 

IDE     :    Eclipse. 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 

Project #1  : Earth Pit Mointoring April 2016 to December 2016 

Client                   : HPCL 

Role  : Developer 

Environment : JDK1.7,Ajax,SVN,Eclipse and Tomcat Sever 



Description: 

                    Earth Pit Monitoring  ia an Intranet  Application which, which helps the client to monitor the 
performance of Earth pits installed in various location of HPCL through this application. The customer 

would like to monitor location wise Earth pits and Connected devices performance through this Intranet 

web Application. The data received from the Earth pit devices will be stored in a central server and will 
be displayed on the production section with the help  of this Appliation.  

Responsibilities: 

 Responsible for UI design and business logic implementation. 

 User interface developed by using HTML, JavaScript, JQuery.  

 Responsible for analyzing the root cause for the defects  and fix them. 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 

Project #2  : Shriram Life Insurance January 2017 to December 2017. 

Client  : Shriram Life Insurance. 

Role  : Developer 

Environment : JDK1.7,HTML, JSON, SVN, Spring Tool Suite and Tomcat. 

Description: 

 The project involves on providing different types of online polices to the customers. This website 
provides users with inputs and suggestions to improve the visits to website. In current project my 
primary task include Development of UI with java. 

Responsibilities: 

 Working with client to gather the UI features and processes. 

 User interface developed by using HTML,JS,Jquery.  

 Implementing the business logic 

 Worked with SQL  Developer in development of Database queries and procedures. 

 Performing  client and server side  validations. 

 

Project #3 : CyGlass during January 2018 – Still Working. 

Client  : mzeal. 

Role  : Developer. 

Environment : Angular 5, JSON,  Bootstrap, JavaScript. 

Description: 



 CyGlass is a comprehensive software system designed to be deployed over-the-cloud to monitor 
and analyze an Enterprise network to detect and re-mediate Deep Threats and CyGLASS employs Big 
Data techniques to scan very large volumes of real-time and historical information about activity in the 
network. The relevant aspects of the data are stored in a Hadoop cluster for analysis by the CyGLASS CSM 
engine. Using CSM, CyGLASS discovers significant patterns of activity relating to cyber-attacks. CyGLASS 
is able to spot small deviations from usual network activity to reveal the actions of hostile actors. This 
ability to learn a network's particular patterns and then detect deviations gives CyGLASS its advantage 
over traditional cyber security tools that rely on predefined signatures, rules, heuristics or training data-
sets, the primary DB is Mongo. 

Responsibilities: 

 Working with client to gather the UI features and processes. 

 User interface developed by using HTML, Javascript. 

 Filtering the data based on the various selections in the front end and limiting the records from 
the  based on the each request. 

 Responsible for UI design and business logic implementation. 
 

 Responsible for overall functionality and for unit testing. 

PERSONAL DETAILS:        

Date of birth         :  11/04/1992 

Nationality  :  Indian 

Language known :  English, Telugu 

DECLARATION: 

I, hereby declare that all the information provided is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.   

Date:           K.Hemanth Kumar 

Place: Hyderabad            Signature     


	SUMMARY
	WORK EXPERIENCE
	EDUCATION
	SKILL SET
	PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
	PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: (1)
	Personal Details:
	DECLARATION:

