














































 

Career Objective 

 Seeking a position as an executive in accounts, where extensive experience will be developed and 

utilized. Willing to work hard and handle the accounting work in smoothly and accurately as suggested 

plan from the management board after understanding the concepts behind and able to take decision 

supportively with the team. 

 

Professional Experience 

Deputy Manager (Accounts)      Apr.2011 - Till Date 

Pentagons Engineering Contractors, Chennai 

 Handling the Cash and Bank Book 

 Preparation of Supplier Outstanding Statement 

 Maintenance of Bank Payment and Receipts 

 Preparation of Employee Payroll 

 Preparation of Labour TDS and GST Statement 

 Preparation of Material Quotation and Ordering 

 Preparation Financial Report 

 Handling the Complete Accounts of the Company up to Finalization 

 Preparation of Profit and Loss Statement and Balance Sheet 

 

Education  
 

M.B.A. / Finance & Marketing 

JKKN CET,         Completed, April.2011 

Anna University of Technology,      85 % 

Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu. 

 

B.Com. / Commerce with Computer Application 

PGP College of Arts and Science,      Completed, April.2009 

Periyar University,        60% 

Namakkal, Tamil Nadu. 

 

H.S.C., Computer Science 

Gandhi High Sec School,       Completed, April.2009 

State Board,         72 % 

Kanthampalayam, 

Namakkal, Tamil Nadu. 

SATHISHKUMAR M 

No.1602, TVH TAUS Aprt, 

Egattur, near Navalur, Toll Plaza, 

Chennai-603103. 

 

sathish773@gmail.com 

+91 9500692037 



Training and Certifications 

 Tally ERP 9.0 

 MS Office 

 SAP FICO 

 Hardware Networking 

 

Personal Details 
 

Father’s name: Muthusamy  C Date of birth: 25/06/1987 

Gender: Male Marital Status: Married 

 

Personal Interests 

 Reading News Paper 

 Hearing Songs 

 

Permanent Address 

S/o C.Muthusamy, 

Elanthakuttai, K.M. Devi PO, 

Paramathi Velur, Namakkal, 

Tamil Nadu - 637 213 

 

Declaration 

 
I, Sathishkumar M, hereby declare that the information contained herein is true and correct to 

the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

DATE: [Sathishkumar M] 


