















































R E S U M E







     

SiliconIndia
R E S U M E

TAUSEEF ALI,

H.No.22-1-455,

Near M.G.B.S.,





Chaderghat Road,



 
E-mail id (():  tauseef.alii@yahoo.com

H Y D E R A B A D – 024.



Cell No.   (()  :  +91 9848848906  


OBJECTIVE:

To work in a quality environment where I can use my knowledge and skills to my best extent and keep right in touch with ever changing trends and technologies in the field.
SUMMARY:
A results oriented business professional with close to 3 years in the Technical support & System/Network admin support industry. An ITIL v3 Certified with excellent knowledge on Knowledge Management, Training Management, Service Management, Operations Management, Data Analysis and People Management.
JOB EXPERIENCE:  I have an Overall experience of 3 Years.
Current Work Location:  Hyderabad, India.
Current Role: Subject Matter Expert/ Team Lead 
Current Company: IBM India Pvt. Ltd.
QUALIFICATION:
· Academic Qualification:
	      Course/Study
	Discipline/ Specialization
	University/Board
	Year Of Passing
	Aggregate % Of Marks

	M.C.A.
	Master of Computer Applications
	Osmania University
	2005 – 2008(July)


	65

	B.Sc. (M.E.Cs.)
	M.E.Cs.
	Osmania University
	2002 - 2005
	81

	Intermediate
	M.P.C.
	Board of Intermediate Education
	2000 – 2002
	57

	S.S.C.
	S.C.C.
	Board of Secondary Education
	2000
	62


· Technical Skills:
i) Typewriting in  [English Lower Grade(30 WPM)] from [State Board of Technical Education and Training] with First Division in [April, 2003].
ii) Typewriting in  [English Higher Grade(45 WPM)] from [State Board of Technical Education and Training] with Second Division in [October, 2003].
SKILL SET:
· Operating System 

: 
Microsoft Windows, Red Hat Unix/Linux

· Software/Packages: 

:
MS-Office
· Hardware


:
Assembling PC, OS  s/w installation, Formatting, 




Partitioning & Trouble-Shooting.
· System Administrator

: 
Trained in Windows 2003 Server. I attended the 





Microsoft Windows 2003 Server Training program




in Sunnet Technologies MCSE (Microsoft Certified 




Systems Engineer).
· Mail Server


: 
Trained in Microsoft Exchange Server 2003.

· Programming Languages
:    
Basic knowledge of C, C++, Java and Oracle(SQL, 




PL/SQL)
CERTIFICATIONS   IN   IBM:
· TIL V3 Foundation Certified.

· Attended the IBM Foundation training programs conducted in IBM.: 

· Email & Conference Skills at Workplace 
· Interviewing Skill
· IBM Learner-Centered Training Workshop(LCTW).
· Stress Management.     


EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES:
· Member of National Cadet Corps
       (NCC, Army Wing, 4 ‘A’ Andhra Battalion, Sec’bad.).

· Attended two NCC Annual Training Camps.
· Holds NCC ‘B’ Certificate  with ‘B’ Grade, held in 2004 under 

       the authority of Ministry of Defense, Govt. of India.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Present:

Current role      
     
:      
Subject Matter Expert/Team Lead
Current Company   
      
:  
IBM India Pvt. Ltd., 

 
      
       


Mindspace, Survey No.64,



       


APIIC Software Layout, Hi-Tech City,



       


Madhapur, Hyderabad – 500 081, India.

Date of Joining      
     
:   
28-08-2008

Position Type
    
:   
Full Time

Business Unit
    
:  
Global Technology Services: Service Delivery (GTS-SD)
· Competency 
     
:  
EUS - Global Processing Services (GPS)
· Account Name
     
:   
American Express  (AmEx)
Roles and Responsibilities:
1. I have been actively involved in Daily Operations of AmEx account.
2. Listen & Assess calls and provides feedback on Technical & soft skills.

3. Play an active part in the induction of new members of staff and in improving quality. Use acquired knowledge to assist other members of staff.


4. Provide process Training to the TSRs. 





5. Provide support to agents on the floor.
6. Run reports and do a thorough analysis for misses in SLA's.
7. Create/Support the development of technical training material.    

8. Drive and support the completion of all technical training modules within the teams.  

9. I design the Staffing with FLMs based on Call Volume Prediction for the Team.

10. In case of high Call Volumes, I effectively manage the Queue along with the FLMs to ensure the SLAs are not hit.

11. I join the Client Calls on a Weekly/Monthly basis to showcase the Action Plans for Improvement of metrics and Trends in Performance.

12. I Handle Escalations from Clients, whenever required did RCAs as to why there was an Escalation and act accordingly and ensure all technical actions/escalations are followed through in a timely manner.
13. I have been enabling Agents in designing their Career Plans successfully.

14. I ensure various Team Building activities, Fun Activities conducting within the Team to ensure Team Building, Individual Development and Fun at Work.

15. A desire to develop knowledge on customer applications and the customers computing environment 

16. Must manage the time to meet SLAs on problem updates and ACD targets and ensure full commitment to customer SLAs and KPIs

17. Must work as part of a team and escalate issues where necessary to the Assistant Manager or IBM NA Team Leader ensuring the group as a whole maintains ownership of the customer’s query at all times.

18. Must ensure that Aux Work Codes are used accurately by agents and adhere to the monthly schedule.

19. Undertake internal and external training as required and continually strive to improve technical ability.

20. Ensure that department policy is adhered to (e.g. ISO processes, ITCS 300 guidelines, virus control, clean desk policy etc).

Experience as a Subject Matter Expert/Team Lead – Operations:

Account: American Express(AmEx) – Global Support
I handle a desk of 22 Headcount.

My current designation is SME/TL.  Responsible for ensuring the that we meeting the SLA and keeping the  Knowledge base upto date with the all new updates roll out by the Client by creating the new Knowledge cases when ever required which used by the Helpdesk agents for referring the standard procedures and troubleshooting the issues report by the End Users.

Being a part of the Knowledge Management need to ensure that all the Knowledge cases are available in the Knowledge base with updated information and  to train and educate the team on the every new process updates so that Helpdesk should follow the standard procedures and maintain Good FCR(First Call Resolution) and Customer Satisfaction with High Quality.

Enabling operations to achieve metrics through:

1. Being a part of the Knowledge Management  Team, created/wrote and published Knowledge cases on every new updates and new application support.
2. Strategic guidance and  Floor support to the Team - Achieving desired CSAT / FCR & AHT.

3. Monitor Floor Performance - Report Trends & Analytics on key metrics, with improvement action plans.
4. Thorough calibrations within the process & with the Client.
5. Maintained weekly compliance on quality audits, close looped with effective feedbacks.
6. Worked on multiple Productivity improvement projects across accounts/ service lines.

7. Played a Key Role in Increasing CSAT, AHT Reduction for the Account and decreasing the Survey Submit Time.
8. Standardized Team Metrics Reporting on daily basis and individual feedback to the agents on the area of improvement.
Technologies Worked & Supported:  
· Troubleshooting IBM Lotus notes e-mail Client ,IBM Sametime messenger, MS Office including MS Outlook, MS Communicator & MS Live meeting.

· Working Knowledge of Software like Multiple Anti-Virus S/W, Windows Firewall

· Working knowledge of Avaya telephony system and Avaya CMS supervisor.
· Working knowledge of Microsoft Windows Operating system especially windows 98, 2000 and windows XP

· Troubleshooting networking issues (Dial-up, Ethernet, Wireless and VPN)

· Blackberry synchronization and configuration.

· Active Directory User Administrator
· Mainframe (Password RACF IDs Reset, Bouncing/Purging ID’s, jobs, Drain and Restart Printers).

· IBM Personal communication (PCOMMS).

· Network drives mapping and troubleshooting.

· Local and Network Printers.

· Citrix Neighborhood.

Projects and Initiatives:
1. CSAT Improvement: Started a Deep dive DSAT Analysis for the Desk and identified improvement areas. 

2. AHT Reduction Project: Initiated AHT Reduction Project. Basic Analysis was done to find the Problem Areas. Identified and soon to be implemented Action Plans for AH
improvement.

3. FCR Improvement: Worked on FCR Improvement of the Team which is an SLA for the Account. Improved the FCR by 90.6 % in one Month helping my Account meet the SLA.

4. Incident Reduction: Identified a scope in Reducing the Incidents that hit the Desk on a Monthly basis by getting a Web Portal created for automating ID Creation, Access related issues.

5. LEAN: As a part of GDF, identified Wastes in the Account and eliminated them as a part of Standardization.

6. Zero Defects:  Worked on the Zero Defects Project. This project comprises the Ticket detail which is created in the Tivoli Client Manager Ticketing tool by the Helpdesk agents (IBM employees supporting American Express account).  In this project all the tickets which escalated to the level 2 technician will be review  by the Zero defects team in order to monitor the Ticket quality on the below parameters.

· Missed FCR(First Call Ration) Reason

· PASSTHROUGH Misuse

· SCIM
(System, Component, Item & Module)
· Severity

· Tickets Abstract, WorkHistory, Doc Id/Title & Request Type

· Transfer Group
After reviewing all the above parameters depending upon the ticketing quality score proper feedback will given to the Helpdesk agents so that they should follow the standard procedure while escalating the tickets to the level 2 team
Job Roles as an Agent in IBM (AmEx Account):
1. Receive incoming calls from American Express employees and contractors in North America and Europe and  create incident records or update existing records.


2. Problem determination and recording of accurate details on all incoming queries/problems and accurate details of all actions taken when performing call/queue management.

3. Perform User Administration tasks on Client Login accounts in domain level  on Active Directories and Help the Clients on Password Resets.
4. Troubleshoot and configure LAN, WAN, & Diagnosed application errors and network connectivity problems of End Users Desktops and Laptops.

5. Install and configure IBM lotus notes, Same Time Instant Messaging and the Network/Local printers.
6. Work on issues reported on Mainframes, Lotus Notes, VPN, MS Office and Desk side issues.
7. Handle the Mainframe issues like Drain and Restart the Mainframe printers, Purging, Resuming and Resetting the Mainframe RACF  Id’s and Jobs. 

8. Hands-on experience with ticketing tools like TIVOLI, Managenow, Citrix connections.

9. Own problem resolution by either resolving the caller’s issue(s) on the phone or by escalating the issue in a timely manner, according to documented procedures.
10. Help Clients in Access related issues to various databases, shared drives and applications.
11. Using personal expertise and/or documented knowledge analyze and resolve routine customer problems at first contact, within set criteria. Utilize standard IBM Global Services processes and escalation procedures, as documented.
12. Utilize creativity and analytical ability to understand the interrelationships of the products with each other and with the network as a whole.
13. Managed the Queue whenever required in the absence of the FLM or Trainer.
14. Part of the ZERO DEFECT Project in improving the Ticket Quality of the Helpdesk.
15. Helped Operations in Testing Applications at the Service Desk whenever there were any Server Reboots.

PAST EXPERIENCE: (Part time)

 1 Year (2007 (March) to 2008 (July) )    : Worked as Network Technician for Sapcom IT 




    
    Services Pvt. Ltd. , providing technical 





    
    expertise in WAN/LAN support and 






    
    troubleshooting OS hardware and software problems.

JOB PROFILE:
Company Name  
:
Sapcom IT Services Pvt. Ltd.,


                  

Kali Khaber, Chaderghat Road,



     

Hyderabad, A.P., India. 

Position Type
   
:
Part Time

RESPONSIBILITIES: 

· On site support, installing, configuring and managing Windows 98, Windows XP,2000, 2003 workstations and Red Hat Linux.
· Installing and configuring Windows 2000-2003 DHCP, DNS, Active Directory and   Microsoft Outlook/Outlook Express.
· Hardware – Hard disk partition and formatting, Removing Virus, Software’s Installations, System Assembling, Troubleshooting of all kind of problems.
· Troubleshoot LAN/WLAN connectivity problems and hardware issues.

· Network Printer Installation and Configuration.

· Installation and Configuration of ADSL Routers/Modems.


PERSONAL DETAILS:
Name

:
TAUSEEF ALI
Father’s Name
:
ALI AKBER
Date of birth
:
19-03-1984
Address for correspondence        :
#22-1-455, Near MGBS Exiting Gate, Chaderghat Road, 




Hyderabad, A.P. – 500024.

Permanent address

:
As above

Nationality & Religion
:
Indian – Islam
Marital Status
:
Single
Passport No.


:            G2069626
Languages Known

:
English, Urdu & Hindi


Hobbies


:
Traveling & Watching Speeches & Debates of International Orators.
Declaration:  I     hereby   declare   that    the   above-mentioned    information   is   correct    up    to      my 

          knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.

Date  :

Place : H Y D E R A B A D.




                 (TAUSEEF ALI)
Page 1 of 6

