



















































        Preethi J Hegde
Email: preethihegde68@gmail.com                                                 			                                                                             Contact No. : +91-9008771064
	            
Career Objective
· To secure a challenging position where I can effectively contribute my skills as Software Professional, possessing competent Technical skills.


Career Achievements
· Successful completion of Industry Readiness Program (IRP) at Spaneos Software Solutions, an intense 4 Month training-cum-project execution on Java, J2EE, Web Technologies & Frameworks.


Technical Skills	
       Languages                                : C, Java
       Technologies                           : Servlet, JSP, JavaScript, HTML 5, CSS 3.0, Bootstrap, Spring Boot, Hibernate,
                                                               jQuery, Ajax, Thymeleaf.
       Tool                                            :  Eclipse, Spring Tool Suite, GitLab.
       Database                                   :  MySQL 5.1. Postrgres Sql
       Web/Application Server      : Apache Tomcat 7.0.
      Operating Systems                  : Windows 7, Windows 8
      Knowledge on Web Services: Restful.

Professional Experience
Associated with Bhagin Technologies LLP from 6th July 2016- till date.

Key Projects Undertaken
Java Projects:

E-Network
Team size: 3
Role: Team Member (Developer)
Technologies: Java (Collections, Exceptions), Spring Boot, Hibernate, Thymeleaf, jQuery, JavaScript, Ajax.
Detail: The project aimed at maintaining product information and storage details. This application allows customer or vendors to move the product faster ,process order quickly, invoice the customers more rapidly. This application is built on the base of Openbravo ERP System.

Roles and Responsibilities
· Captured enhancement requirements and analyzed the impact of existing system and done the coding.
· Implementing the Business Logic.
· Experience working with core Java application.
· Experience working with frameworks like Spring and Hibernate.
· Designed front end using Thymeleaf, AdminLte, jQuery, Ajax and Javascript.

· Module 1: Master data Management
· This module contains the general information of the product. All the details such as technical      specifications, dimensions, base unit of measurement, images of the product etc will be stored. The data will comply with the specifications provided by manufacturer.

· Created business partners and contact person using spring boot and gave the credentials for users to login into the application.

· Created Products and wrote hibernate queries for storing data into database using Postgre SQL. 

· Module 2:  Sales data Management

· This module involves sales process which includes sales quotation, sales order, invoice and billing.

Online Shopping Cart:
Team size: 4
Role: Programmer
Technologies: Core Java, J2EE, JSP, HTML 5, CSS 3, jQuery, JavaScript, SQL
Detail: The main objective of this project is to sell the products through online market. It contains two modules, one module for the administrator who can perform all the required operations like creating, updating and deleting the products. The other module for users, who can view, search, buy products and also can add and remove the products from the cart list.

Roles and Responsibilities
· Implementation of front and back-end logic
· Used Servlet MVC for controller layer, service layer
· Implementation of database property files 
· Used JDBC 4.0 for DAO layer 
· Integration of back-end and front-end code 


PHP Project

Teamonk Global (E-commerce):
Team size: 3
Role: Team Member (Developer)
Technologies: Core PHP, Prestashop, jQuery, JavaScript, Ajax, Bootstrap, Css, NetBeans, MySql
Detail: This project is E-commerce website which sells tea. It includes selling of different varieties of tea and delivering it to the customers.

Roles and Responsibilities
· Worked on the responsiveness of the website using css and bootstrap.
· Worked on Subscription Module
    
·      This module includes the subscribing the teas based on their choices and delivering it to customers.






Academic Qualifications   
	DEGREE
	NAME OF THE INSTITUTE
	UNIVERSITY/BOARD
	PERCENTAGE
(%)
	YEAR

	Bachelor  of Engineering
(IS)
	Srinivas Institute of Technology, Mangaluru
	Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum
	66.6
	2015

	12th Board
	St Mary’s Syrian PU College  Brahmavar
	Department of Pre-University Education,
Karnataka
	62.8
	2011

	10th Board
	SMS English Medium School Brahmavar
	Karnataka Secondary Education Examination Board
	70.5
	2009



Personal Details
· Father’s Name:	                Mr. Jayasheel Hegde
· Nationality:		India
· Languages Known:	English, Hindi and Kannada
· Date of Birth:		24th May, 1993
· Hobbies:		                Listening to music, Nail Painting, Craft works, Reading Novels
· Strengths:		Hardworking, Dependable, Patience

       I hereby declare that above information is accurate & I am solely responsible for this information.


Preethi  J Hegde
