














































FASAL KIZHAKKEPPATT 
VoIP Network Engineer 

    E-mail   :   fasalkp567@gmail.com 
    Phone  :   +91 8722705525 
    Address:   Bangalore- 560029 

 

Work Experience 

Keystone Automotive Inc.                                                     October 2015 — Present 

 

 Offering 3 years of comprehensive experience in IP Telephony, Networking and unified 
communications. 

 Strong knowledge and wide experienced in IP telephony products like Cisco call manager, Cisco 
call manager features,H.323,MGCP and SIP Gateways ,SRST. 

 Real hard worker with the unique ability to solve problems and make responsible decisions in timely 

Manner, able to set and meet deadlines in high-pressure situations. 

 Able to perform within a team as well as independently and unsupervised, self motivated and 
inspiring others. 

   

  Responsibilities 

 Imparting technical leadership for consulting services projects and aided clients in managing voice 
and data network infrastructure. 

 Configuring and maintaining Cisco Call Manager, unity and related Cisco Unified Communication 
Configurations. 

 Moving, Adding and Deleting Extensions (MACD) Includes Managing and Troubleshooting of 

CUCM. 

 Configuration of user features such as speed dial, call forwarding, transfer, Call Park, call pickup, 
call forward all. 

 Implement BAT Utility tool for configuring phones.  

 Troubleshooting of IP phone registration issues and call routing issues. 

 Configuration of voice interfaces: FXS, FXO, and ISDN E1/T1. 

 Configuration of CME (Call Manager Express) on Cisco routers.  

 Supporting and monitoring Cisco IP telephony devices and users. 

 Configuring and troubleshooting of Extension Mobility. 

 Translation Pattern ,Route pattern ,calling/called transformation pattern ,FAC ,CME, Route list, 
Route group and local route group(LRG) 

 Familiar with managing Cisco Unity Call Managers, Unity voice mail systems, H.323 and SIP voice 
gateways and SRST. 

 Class of services using partition and CSS.  

 Technical support and relationship. 

 

  Technical Skills 
 

 Configuration of voice gateways and SRST. 

 Configure call manager user features and services. 

 Configuration of Media resources. 

 Integrating Unity Connection with CUCM. 

 Understanding of various call control protocols like MGCP, H323, SIP 

and SCCP. 

 Configuration of Cisco IP Phones and CIPC. 

 Configuration of Cisco Jabber. 

mailto:fasalk1994@gmail.com


 Cisco Unity Connection for Voice Mail management. 

 Configuration of Conference Bridge (Hardware/Software). 

 Device Pool, Region, Location. 

 Phone Button Template, soft key Template. 

 Translations pattern, Transformations mask. 

 Usage of troubleshooting tools like RTMT, DNA, Route plan report. 

 Configure T1& E1 PRI for PSTN call. 

 

Training Course Completed 

 Cisco Certified Network Professional VOICE  

 Cisco Certified Network Associate VOICE  

 Cisco Certified Network Associate R&S 

 
 

Education 
 

B.com with Computer Application                            2012 — 2015 
Mahatma Gandhi University (MGU)-Kerala, India 

Mahatma college-Kerala 

 

 

Higher Secondary                        2010 — 2012 

Kerala Board 

V V M Higher Secondary School-Kerala 

 

 

SSLC                         2009 — 2010 

Kerala Board 

Cherural High School-kerala  

 

 
Personal Details 

Date of Birth : 25/08/1994 

Father’s name : Moideenkutty 

Marital Status : Single 

Gender : Male 

Languages Known : English 
 

 

Declaration 
 

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 
                                                                                                                                            FASAL KIZHAKKEPPATT    

  


