












































Present address

                                                             RESUME
Mr. Kumud Ranjan Samantray


                   Mob No: +91-8420450821                                                                                           
Mail id- samantraykumudranjan9@gmail.com 

JOB  OBJECTIVE -
1. To seek a challenging job in Networking and related profiles.
2. To work in an environment where I will accomplish my goal to become a Network Engineer.
3. To reach the highest echelons in an organization with hard work, dedication constant endeavor to perform better and give results
Current  JOB DESCRIPTION  :
Now  Curruntly   working as Network Testing Engineer at BHARTI Airtel  India  in KOLKATA  .
Project  

: IWAN, BHARTI Airtel   ltd.

Duration

: since 4 Aug. 2016 to Till Date



Key responsibilities:

Responsible for driving the section with excellence. 
Very good  Knowledge in  driving  Metasolv Softy …
Used Metasolve software for CKT ID generation for airtel Bandwidth upgradation .
Since Aug, 2016 Experience in Telecom Networking (NOC and RF Project operation).

Troubleshooting of P2P and P2MP links

Troubleshooting & Resolution for (MAKSAT), UBR (Radwin5000,Radwin2000, Alverian, Cambium).

Co-ordination with Field Team for troubleshooting and provide technical support.

Generation, updating and closer of TT's.

Focus on customer targets and their dead line with quality excellence.

Team focus in E2E testing for customer end.

Reporting of- 24 Team Members.

Co-ordination with different Departments for ensuring smooth flow of performance.

Responsible for network down of any costumer & new ckt implementation.

-

 Successfully implemented Two Projects ( Wimax migration, Bharti-Iwan). 

Team member for WiMAX migration planning team.

Privious  JOB DESCRIPTION  :
Worked Sept 2014 to Aug .02/2016 as a  Network Engineer  L1 at NETCONNECT global pvt. ltd. under IBM INDIA PVT.ltd  at Okhla-184, , Delhi Location .
PROJECT DETAIL


  Project     1:-BHARTI AIRTEL

  Name of the Client: IBM INDIA pvt ltd

  Organization:  NETCONNECT global pvt. Ltd.
  Position: -  Network engineer
WORK PROFILE

· Logging the core router and switches through putty .

· Maintain network with the help of monitoring tool Tivoli.
· Initiating the request  and process it as per requester  demands .
· Rebooting and add the IOS image file in the router .

· Add new route.
· Open policy in firewall.
· Maintain WAN link.
· Co-ordinate with different vendors to maintain their service.

· Basic troubleshoot at own level.

· Maintain l3 switch and L3 router with health check.

· Handle all technical LAN.
· Share all plans, reports.
Roles and Responsibilities Handling:
       i. Manage Bharti Airtel LAN/WAN

      ii. Network monitoring of Cisco switches(3750), Cisco routers 3800 series                 

          and troubleshooting.

      iii. Installing new switches and routers

a)  Switches (4507) monitoring through SNAPPIMON.
b)  Router (3800) monitoring through SNAPPIMON.
c)  Checking policies, collection of logs , etc
d)  Mailing, ticket logging through Codesk Call logging.
      iv. Updating Network Map as per New Node connecting.
      v. Creating RFC and PCR
      vi. Creating RCR and IRF forms as per the demand request for Customers. 
      vii.IP Management

                a)    Allotting new IPs as per request 

                 b)    Updating IP Schema
      viii. Updating the network and logical diagrams as per the changes onsite .

      ix.  Monitoring the traffic and pinging the Ips of the requester through putty . 

      X.   Daily, weekly and monthly  report updating and send it to the manager . 
      Xi.  Escalate the issue to higher level .
      Xii. Tivoli Monitoring.
TECHNICAL SKILLS

1. Support for window 7 , XP configured  operating system .
     2.  Cisco Routers, Cisco Switches: Monitoring the ports connected to different services through     

          Putty software .
     3.  Operating System- Windows 7 & 8 configured .
     4.  Monitoring Tools- Tivoli login, Putty, SnappiMonn  .
Key Role:                           

· Troubleshoot day to day issue i.e. routing issue, switching issue & security issue.

· Identifies, diagnoses, and resolves network problems 

· Maintain and support company’s LAN/WAN environment.
· Create and maintain comprehensive documentation for all implemented networks.

· Installation MS Outlook2007, 2010, 2013 configuration and troubleshooting .

· Manage shared folder and devices through permission.

· Data Cards configuration and troubleshooting.
· Inventory management.
· Configuration and troubleshooting Wi-Fi.
· Manage Antivirus (Symantec, McAfee )
· Troubleshoot various Network problems and link Problem, Virus Clean Problem.
· Installation & Configuration of Windows 7, Windows-8, Windows 8.1.
· Laptop and Blackberry installation.
· Installation, Configuration and Troubleshooting MacAfee & Symantec Antivirus.

· Remote support through MS-Lync, Goverlan, we-ex, Team Viewer, VNC.

· Installing  putty softy  and troubleshooting.

· Monitoring/Handling IT request through HPOV Tool and Remedy.
· Reset user password from Active Directory.

· Bit locker installation.

· Printer and scanner installation.

· L2 switch configuration .
· VLAN  managements.

· Manage shared folder and devices through permission.

· Hardware Installation, Maintenance & trouble shooting.

· Networking in Domain environment, & troubleshooting.

· Software troubleshooting update and patch installation.

· Basic Map drive, Data sharing.
Educational Qualification Details - 
	Examination Passed
	College/Institute
	Board/University
	Year
	Specialisation

	High School

(Class 10th)
	Joy ram high school
	State board(HSC)
	2005
	Science

	Intermediate
(Class 12th)
	 Kendrapara college, KENDRAPARA
	 State board(CHSE)
	2007
	Science



	     B.TECH
	Gandhi Institute for Technology, BBSR
	Biju Pattnaik University

	      2012
	Electronics &Communication Engg.    



WORKING EXPERIENCE


i) Currently working for  IWAN PROJECT in Bharti Airtel Project from AUG-2016 to till date
ii) Total working Experience is 03year 07 months
PERSONAL DETAILS
DOB:


:           10th oct, 1990
Gender:

:
  Male
Father’s Name:
:           Shri Dhirendra Kumar Samantray
Mother’s Name:
:            Smt Arati Samantray
Address:

:            At/Po-.Karilopatana, Dist- Kendrapara, state-Odisha,Pin-754223
Marital Status:
:           Unmarried.

Nationality:             :           Indian.

Languages Known  :           English, Hindi, Odia, Bengali.
Hobbies                   :           Badminton, Listening music 
DECLARATION AND SIGNATURE

I declare that the information in this document is accurate and true in all respect.
Date:  21/04/2018                                                                                                     
Place:  Kolkata                                                                (Kumud Ranjan Samantray)

