














































Dhaval P. Solanki 
Software Developer & Embedded Design Engineer 
 

dhaval.p.solanki@gmail.com  
(+91) 9819089181  

  

 
 

Summary 
Software professional with expertise in development using C language on Linux system, ARM processors & 8bit 

controllers. Proficient in Linux system programming, shell scripting multi-threading & socket programming. 

Familiar with Sql, Oops, and Core Java. 

 

Skills & Competence 
 

Languages C, Embedded C, Linux shell scripting & sql, Java, 

Operating Systems Linux, Windows, and KeilRtos 

Processors/Controllers 
LPC 1768 & LPC1788, Ti Sitara, P89V51RD2, Si8051F120 & Si8051F020, 

Pic12F683, Pic18F25K22 

IDEs Vim editor, Netbeans, Eclipse, Keil 4, Mplab. 

Tools 
GCC toolchain, gdb, gnu make, Git, Tortoise, Shell scripting & Batch Scripting, 

doxygen, Eagle Schematic & Layout, ORCAD 9.0, etc. 

Communication Protocols I2C, SPI, RS-232, RS-485 

Sensors & Peripherals 

TI 7571 (12Bits DAC), AT24512, RTC (DS1307, M41T01) MMA8451 & MPU6050 

(Accelerometer), HMC5883L (Magnetometer), Quadrature Encoder for velocity 

measurement & direction control, PWM for Generation of different colors on 

LED & DC motor speed control, Zigbee. 

Memory interface 
(withLPC1788) 

Hynix H57v2562GTR (256Mbits SD RAM), 9F1G08 (1Gb SamsungNand Flash), 

MT29F4G08 (4Gb Micron Nand Flash) 

 
Additional Concepts & Implementations 
Generic uart communication application for linux and windows. 

C code for catching segmentation faults and generating core files without exiting the application. 

Tailoring the code with stdio header functions – using printf for transmission on uart for LPC17xx 

Tailoring the code with time header functions – to use epoch time for time management 

 

Experience 
 

TCS Client Site: National Stock Exchange 
Sr. Software Engineer Sep ‘16 - Present 

Project: IFSC Surveillance software 

Software & Database environment that processes, records and monitors trading activities. 

Key Deliverables: 

Development and support to surveillance software at NSE, which monitors and records trading activities onto a 

database. 

The software consist of application code in C, PSQL as database for handling trading data and linux shell scripting 

that performs the pre & post application-run activities. 

  

mailto:dhaval.p.solanki@gmail.com


 

Phi Robotics  

Embedded Software Developer Oct ‘15 – Sep ‘16 
 

Project: Controller Flash Programming Software 

Software for programming Controllers using serial and jtag interface. 

Key Deliverables: 

Designing and developing serial terminal software for windows &linux desktop systems. 

Implementing serial communication interface for programming flash memory of Controllers. 

Implementing communication interface abstraction & file parser abstraction using abstract factory design pattern 

and singleton design pattern using C++. 

Implementing uu-decoding logic to read flash memory contents of NXP Cortex-M Controllers. 

Writing shell scripts & windows batch for software usage. 

 

Project: Boot system 

Communication abstraction layer for serial and Ethernet interface & memory abstraction layer library along with 

windows & linux application. 

Key Deliverables: 

Designing and developing abstracted Serial & Ethernet interface on Linux and Windows. 

Implementing delay timer on linux and windows to generate repetitive interrupt. 

Implementing code to parsing hex and elf files. 

 

Project: PC Controlled Zigbee Robot 

PC Software to control movement of a robot using Zigbee 

Key Deliverables: 

Developing protocol to communicate with robot using Zigbee interfaces. 

 

Tokheim India  

R & D Engineer, Electronics Apr ‘15 – Oct ‘15 
 

Project: CAN V4 

Programming the peripherals of system that use propriety CAN protocol using existing system that use CAN 

Open. 

Key Deliverables: 

Studying CAN Open and Propriety CAN protocol and guiding the IT developers in designing of test tool and serial 

number programmer software utility. 

Developing embedded software on Sitara controller to program the peripherals on propriety CAN bus using the 

existing CAN Open protocol. 

 

Electrolab India  

Embedded Design Engineer Mar ‘12 – Aug ‘14 
 

Project: Tablet Dissolution Tester 

Tablet dissolution tester is an automated machine that simulates an environment same as in the human body, 

under which condition the tablet’s dissolving rate and drug release rate is monitored. 
Key Deliverables: 
Finalizing the hardware design of the boards to fulfill all the requirements of the project. 

Studying of Optical Quadrature Encoder for velocity measurement, studying the Linear Magnetic Quadrature 

Encoder for linear displacement measurements and interfacing with the controller. 

Driver development of all the Cortex-M3 peripherals.Application development of the automation machine. 
 

  



Associated Projects: V-Stir & Bathless Heater Controller 

V-Stir is powered wireless, and transfers data back on the same wireless channel to the receiving controller on its 

Uart port (Patented technology). V-Stir has on board micro-controller that reads temperature (from RTD) and 

transmits to the main controller. 

Bathless Heater controller is used to drive the coils that heat the jars in which the tablets are tested. 
Key Deliverables: 
Studying the hardware of the V-Stir and updating it making it more stable and reliable. 

Updating the software for Uart communication and correcting the timer delay which is used for baud-rate 

generation. 

Finalizing the hardware of bathless heater controller & writing the application software that communicates with 

the main controller on the RS-485 channel and controls the temperature of jars. 

Project: Tablet Hardness Tester 
Tablet Hardness Tester records the force at which the tablet breaks. 

Key Deliverables: 
Designing of the main algorithm for noise rejection and algorithm for deciding the instance of tablet breaking and 

the amount of force at which the tablet breaks. 

Application code for calculating the thickness of the tablet. 
 

Core Technologies  

Embedded Engineer June ‘10 – Feb ‘12 
Project: Rhy-100 

PLC compatible digital vibratory feeder controller. 

An SCR based digitally controlled dimmer stat for inductive coils. 
Project: Pharma Log 

An 8051 based pharmaceutical data-logger. Schematic designing of 8051 micro-controller card that is compatible 

with the existing 8085 card.Designing and migrating existing 8085 based system to 8051. 

 
 
Hobbyist Projects 
 

 Controlling robot movements according to accelerometer tilt. 

 Controlling robot movements using keypad, on a Wireless RF link. 

 Measuring geographical direction using magnetometer sensor. 

 Interfacing various Peripherals like Accelerometer, Magnetometer, Color sensor, SIM808 & xbee module using 

AT-command mode, DS1307 Rtc, etc. 

 I2C drivers (bit banding) on 8051 port pins, 16*2 character LCD drivers, Serial port drivers, seven segment 

displays etc. 

 
 
Academics Qualifications          Personal Details 
 

Graduation in Electronics 2010 60% 

Diploma in Electronics & Telecom 2007 67.68% 

Secondary school 2004 76% 

Gender Male 

Martial Status Single 

D.O.B 30 Mar 1989 

Hobbies 

Reading, tech-news, drawing, painting. 
 
Date:    /    / 

Dhaval Solanki 

 


