













































Resume’


 
LONIKA SERAIK 

Address: Flat no.701,A Wing,,Relicon Alpine Ridge,Near Pancards Club,Baner,Pune-411045 

Contact: 09619150503, 07710027775                                     

E-mail: lonika.seraik@gmail.com         

CAREER OBJECTIVE 

To grow as an HR Professional and contribute to the business objectives of the organization I am associated with, through 

effective HR interventions. 

 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
 
Business Partner HR(Lead) at Xoriant, Pune                   5th May 2014 – Present 

Responsible for providing an effective and efficient human resource generalist function that is aligned with de-

partmental and company's strategic goals.  

 

 Broad Purview of tasks:  
o Currently responsible for handling the end to end employee lifecycle of a few biggest and most dynamic 

Projects of Xoriant as BPHR including Bimonthly Induction, SKIP level meetings, Project health checks, 
Attrition control, Personal Employee connect, Team connects, Employee Engagement, Working closely 
with managers on career progression and trainings, Exits. 

o Making, amending and branding existing HR Policies and Procedures. 
o Automation of HR processes thereby increasing efficiency of the HR team (Birthday mailers, Automatic gen-
eration of letters, Client appreciation dash board, Kudos , Promotion nomination ,Induction feedbacks etc.) 
o Heading the Employee Grievance Addressal committee for all locations, along with “Meet the Manage-

ment” forum for new joiners.  
o Taking HR interviews of candidates and being a part of campus recruitments. 
o Owner of Induction at Org level. 
o Owner for Rewards and Recognition program at Pune location. 
o Owner of Jashn, annual celebrations at Pune location. 

 

 On-boarding:  
o "Xorry Spotter" - Conceptualized and created a new on-boarding process for new employees joining Xori-

ant through Gamification. The application was created anticipating the exponential growth of Xoriant 
which would have taken up a major chunk of the HR reps time for immediate induction. This practice 
was featured in Nasscom’s India’s Top 10 Best HR practices for 2017. 

o “HR App” – Conceptualized and created an HR application which catered to intimation of all company policy 
addressal, live updates, quick link to HRMS portal, event reminders etc. to all employees on their mobiles. 
 

 Training and Development:  
o Created the "Xoriant's Learning Academy" for Behavioral as well as Technical training where employees 

across grade were bifurcated and subjected to a series of trainings round the year, thereby preparing 
them for higher grades and better skills. 

o Responsible for conceptualizing, planning and co-facilitating monthly behavioral trainings called ProGrow 
and Talkers Club with an External Trainer.  

 
 Great Place to Work: 

o Owner for GPTW audit and survey for Xoriant for 2 consecutive years in which Xoriant was ranked amongst 
the Top 50 IT-ITeS companies in India for both the years. 

o Working towards inception of various initiatives to cater to the realm of various parameters mentioned un-
der GPTW by gauging need of the hour. 

 
 Branding: 

o Responsible for internal as well as external branding of Xoriant. 
 Conceptualized and initiated "The Kudos Jar" initiative for spot recognition. 
 Conceptualized and initiated the "I Appreciate" initiative to inculcate a culture of appreciation. 
 Conceptualized and initiated the concept of "Value posters". 
 Conceptualized and created and an internal goody store for Xorianters called, the "Xor-Store" which 

was also linked to Xorry Spotter. 
 
 

mailto:lonika.seraik@gmail.com


 
 
 

 External Forum: 
o Responsible for managing, conceptualizing and heading an outdoor Managerial level Leadership Program, 

called "LeAP-Leadership Accelerate Program" every year. 
o Designing and conceptualizing ‘Hackathon’-One of the most sought after technical forums for ideas and  

solutions. 
 

 Business Visas: 
o Responsible for doing all Business Visas from start to end, including mock sessions with employees. This in-

cluded doing visa for countries like US, Israel, China, and Indonesia. This was later handed over to the Visa 
and Immigration team. 
 

 Performance Management: 
o Owner of PMS system at Pune location. Involved in end to end discussions and decisions across multiple hi-

erarchies and functions during biannual performance appraisals. 
o Recently automated the Promotion nomination process at Xoriant. 

 
Location-HR(Executive) at Bristlecone-Mahindra, Pune                              13th August 2012 – 22nd Feb 2014 

o Revamping of HR processes(Example, revamped Induction program  “Alpha”, and created a micro site for 

easy reference of new employees) 

o Worked on designing video tutorials for employees for easy reference on topics such as Cross Cultural train-

ings, Power Dressing etc. 

o Handled projects and conducting team based practices, to enhance teamwork. 

o Managed and maintained HRIS Database for specific location. 

o Grievance /Conflict Handling through monthly Focus groups, Skip level meetings and One on Ones. 

o Owner for Employee Engagement Activities committee “Livewire” across all locations. 

o Launched various clubs to streamline participation of employees, example, Movie club, Trekking Club, etc. 

o Handled end to end Exit process. 

o Responsible for creating all the creative communications to employees. 

o Launched an in-house, carpool portal called “Hitch-a-Trip” for frequent travelers of Mumbai-Pune. 

 

Executive-HR at Xoriant Private Solutions, Mumbai.                                           7th March 2011 – 10th May 2012 

 

o  Recruited to help open new facility of 35 people in Pune, guiding the startup and management of a full  

   spectrum of HR operations, systems and programs.  

o  Worked with senior management to revamp HR policies and procedures. 

o  Created an online learning portal for the new facility to cut training cost(exclusively for US Staffing  

    employees, on US recruitments, US culture  and various technologies). 

o  Revamped orientation, training and incentive programs for effective results. 

o  Handle workplace issues by collating and scrutinizing constant feedbacks. 

o  Process owner of the company-wide employee motivational committee (UMANG). 

o  Responsible for creating and designing of HR related communication to all employees. 

 

SUMMER INTERNSHIP PROGRAM                                                                                                    Feb 2010 – May 2010                                     
 

BIG 92.7 FM, Reliance ADA Group, Mumbai 
 

 Benchmarking the best HR Practices in the Media Sector, IT, ITES and Hospitality Industry,  
 Suggesting and incorporating new employee recreational programmes. 

 

 
QUALIFICATIONS 

Degree University/Institute Year 
Master of Business Administration (HR)                                                                         ICFAI Business School, Mumbai 2011 

Bachelor of Engineering (Computers)                                                                               BVCOEW, Pune University 2008 
               

 
 

 

 



AWARDS AND ACCOLADES 
XORIANT : 
 Won “Star Award” of the Quarter in January 2015. 
 Won 3 "Kudos Badges" in a time span of 9 months. 
 Won “Star Award” of the Quarter in April 2012.  
 Received appreciations for : 

 Creating a “Learning Module” for US Staffing,  
 Setting new benchmark in the Umang Committee, 
 Revamping the presentation used in Induction programme. 

 

              BRISTLECONE, Mahindra: 
 Won “Brilliant Beginner’s” award Triumph,2013- Annual rewards and recognitions program. 
 Member of Club Excel- High Performer’s Club.  
 Received Spot award in September,2013 for creation of the online portal “Hitch-a-Trip” 

 
                  COLLEGE:  

 Stood 3rd in Solo Singing in Youthopia 2008. 
 Awarded prize for “The Outstanding Leader” in March 2006 and 2007. 
 Article published in Indian Express in the year 2001. 

 

EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
  

 Conceptualized and designed interiors of a Korean restaurant called “Hallyu” in Phoenix Mall, Viman Nagar. 
 Member of the HR Club, Spandan, in 2010-2011. 
 Was an active member of the college Leo Club for 2 years. 

 

HOBBIES: 
 

 Creating things out of waste 
 Singing 
 Interior designing 

 
PERSONAL DETAILS: 
 

Father’s Name:  Capt. S. K. Singh (Retd.Wg.Cdr.) 
Mother’s Name: Anita Singh 
Husband’s Name: Anchal Seraik 
Marital Status: Married 
Date of Birth:    9th August, 1984 

 
References available on request. 


