













































thadamayank@gmail.com


thadamayank@gmail.com 2018 
 

                                                                            

 
 

Mayank Thada 
 
 

 
 
  Objective 

 

To obtain a job within my chosen field that will challenge me and allow me to use my education and 

skills in a way that it is mutually beneficial to both myself and my employer and allow for future growth 

and advancement. 

 

 

  Educational Qualification 

                       

 

 Qualification Institute University/ 

Board 

Year of 

Passing 

SGPA / 

Percentage 

/Grade 

M.B.A Amity Global 

Business School 

A.U.U.P 2017 6.91 (CGPA) 

B. Com D.A.V college MDSU 

University 

2015 49.16% 

12th Standard 

 

H.K.H Public 

School 

RBSE 2011 61% 

10
th

 Standard H.K.H Public 

School 

RBSE 2009 59% 

 

 

 

 

 

Skills 
 

 Good at MS office. 

 Good Communication skills. 

 Creative mind with managerial abilities.  

 Good at managing people. 

 Can handle pressure. 

 Positive approach towards every work. 



thadamayank@gmail.com 2018 
 

 

  Experience 

 

Vodafone India Ltd. 

 

Company Name   : Vodafone India Shared Services Pvt. Ltd.  

Branch                  : Vodafone House, Corporate road, S.G highway, Ahmedabad, Gujarat  

Experience            : 15 Months 

Department          : Fraud Reporting Service (FRS) as Specialist   

 

 Analyzing overall customer data of Vodafone (Nationally & Internationally). 
 Finding out if the customer is using genuine services or fraudulently misusing the services. 
 Taking fast action as per the case, to let the customer use the service or suspend the services. 
 It helps the company to reduce frauds and financial losses of the company also decreases. 

 

 

 

Summer Internship Project 

 

Company Name   : ICICI Securities  

Branch                  : ICICI Securities, C.G Road Branch, Ahmedabad, Gujarat  

Duration           : 2 Months 

 
 Topic -  “Mutual Fund Simplified” 

 Conducted a survey using questionnaire method on “Customer perception and awareness 
towards mutual fund”. 

 Communicated with Branch head, Cluster manager, HR manager and different customers. 
 Got guidance of domain experts. 

 Constructed and analyzed summer internship report. 
 Made presentation also to summarize the outcome of the project.  

 
 

 

 

 

  Extra Curricular Activities   
 

 Conducted and managed cultural events at graduation as well as post-graduation level. 

 Represented school at various level in singing and dancing. 

 Was a part of scout and guide camps at school level. 

 



thadamayank@gmail.com 2018 
 

  Awards & Recognitions    
 

 Awarded as the “Best Event Manager 2017” by NIEM Ahmedabad. 

 Awarded as the “Outstanding Performer In Extra Curricular Activities” by AGBS Ahmedabad. 

 First prize in “Mock Stock” in EKAGRATA 2017 at AGBS Ahmedabad. 

 Gold Medalist in Cricket Tournament two times. 

 Best Event Co-ordinate and Singer at Graduation level.  

 

 

 

Hobbies 

 

 Listening and singing songs. 

 Playing cricket, table tennis and basketball. 

 Meeting new people and interacting with them. 

 Travelling. 
 

 

 

 

  Personal Details 

             

Date of Birth                  :     December 06 1993 

Gender                              :     Male 

Nationality                  :     Indian 

            Permanent Address          :     H.No.28 „SANTOSH‟ harishkunj society 

               near vejalpur bus stand, Ahmedabad, Gujarat. 

               380051 

 

            Mobile                              :     +91 9409603497 

 

Languages Known           :      English, Hindi, Gujrati & Marwadi. 

 

 


