




































Jyotsna D


SRI RAM MALLIK. M
Permanent Address:                                         Contact No: 09160713497
M.Sriram Mallik,

C/O M.Sri Krishna,

Flat No.B-2, GrandVilla Apts,                                                 Mail ID: srirammallik@hotmail.com

K.R.M.Colony,

Seethammadhara,

Visakhapatnam-530013                               
OBJECTIVE :

To be a part of a progressive organization that gives scope to enhance my knowledge & skills and reach the pinnacle in this field with sheer determination and hard work. 

Abilities :
Computer Skills:
Have minimum knowledge on system hardware. 

Can handle work on operating systems like Windows XP, Vista and Windows 7.

Learnt the skill of typing for two months. Can work on platforms like .Net and Java 
Personal Skills:
Good Learning Capability, self-confident, good team player, a good motivator with good leadership skills & above all the right Attitude frame to work as part of  team as well as a team as situation warrants. Flexible to work in rotational shifts as per the floor requirement. Can effectively deal with job stress, angry callers, and upset customers

	ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

	EXAM / DEGREE
	YEAR
	NAME OF INSTITUTE
	UNIVERSITY / BOARD
	PERCENTAGE

	B.Tech. (IT)


	2010
	Raghu Institute of Technology


	Andhra University
	Discontinued due to certain family and financial issues

	12th Board
	2007
	Sri Chaitanya Junior College


	Board of Intermediate Education
	80%

	10th Board
	2005
	S.F.S School


	Board of Secondary Education
	77%


Work Experience : Have been working with Honkong & Shanghai Banking Corp.(HSBC) as a CSE since August 2011.
Present CTC : 1,79,000 p/a.

Expected CTC: As per company norms.

Achievements :

· Have received many external customer complements along with complements from the team management regarding my performance on the floor.

· Received QUEST STAR award along with many internal appreciations.

· Won 1st prizes at Kaushik Engineering college and Raghu Engineering college for presenting  technical papers(PAPER PRESENTATIONS) in the respective National Level Technical Symposiums .

· Won 1st prize for shooting a documentary with mobile on street children, at ANITS college.

· An active participant in all sports and won many  prizes for shuttle badminton in various  competitions held in school and college level
· Participated in several elocution and debate competitions in English at School and college levels.
· Team leader in my Project team at both IGIAT(Indo German Institute of Advanced Technology) as well as in BSNL company visit.

· Attended workshops on Ethical Hacking in GITAM University and in RAGHU Engg College.
· Gave many technical papers in various Engineering colleges in the national level technical fests
Extra-Curricular Activities:
· Interested in listening music and Playing Cricket, Shuttle badminton.
· Surfing net to keep myself updated with the latest technologies. 
· Active writer in writing articles in my personal blog by name



 www.loveguru-srm.blogspot.com
Positions of Responsibility:
· Successfully organized  a workshop on Ethical Hacking and Embedded Linux in the National Level Technical fest SPHURITAM 2011 conducted by Raghu Institute of Technology.
· Have leaded a team of 6 for a project at IGIAT and a team of 20 for an Industrial visit to BSNL Telecom Office.
Personal Profile

Name                 

  :
M.Sriram Mallik
                                 
Date of Birth                    
  :
4th April, 1990                       
Father’s Name              

  :
M.Sri Krishna                     
Sex 



   :
Male
               
        
Marital Status

 
   :
Single                     
Languages Known 

   :          Telugu,English,Hindi               

Nationality


   : 
 Indian 

Mobile                         

   :
 09160713497

Email ID’s


   :
 srirammallik@hotmail.com






 sriramthecupidofvizag@gmail.com

                      
Declaration:

I hereby declare that above information is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date:








Place:





                                             (M.Sri Ram Mallik)
