



















































Resume Wizard

SOHAM SWAPAN CHOWDHURY
	Email: sohamc10@gmail.com                  Telephone No: 0251 2488429                    Mobile No: +91 8097130053
           


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Name of Company: Crimson Interactive
Duration: August 2017 – November 2017 (4 months)

Title: Business Analyst (CRM)
Duties:
1. Run CRM Campaigns for segmented audience across all geographies (Japan, China, Korea, etc.) where the service is present.

2. Did Lost Clients Campaign where discount was offered to Clients who have not transacted for last one year.
3. Ran a monthly feedback report campaign where the actions were taken on certain departments responsible for bad feedback of clients and those actions were suggested by the CRM Team based on the feedbacks given by clients on the services provided by us.
Name of Company: Cartesian Consulting
Duration: November 2014 – June 2017 (2.5 Years)
Title: Data Analyst
Duties: 
1. Performing CRM and giving CRM, strategic insights.

2. Hands on experience in Marketing analytics, Business Analytics according to business problems posed.
3. Doing segmentation, micro-segmentation, profiling, clustering and presenting solutions that suits the business perspective.
4. Implementing Pricing Analytics for optimum utilization of data for better response or revenue.
5. Worked with numerous clients ranging from online ticketing firm, India's leading retail firm to leading movie chain in India.

Projects performed:

1. Sentiment Analytics performed for better understanding of customers:

Worked with a leading retail chain, using sentiment analysis to drive more basket size of customers, specifically in Kolkata where the customer used to buy less clothes per visit. Using sentiment analysis, we found that the customers weren’t greeted well and so we launched a campaign where the staff were trained to be greet the customers and within six months we found that the basket size has increased to a certain extent and the negative sentiment in Kolkata for greeting had diminished to certain extent.
2. Pricing Analytics implemented for setting ticket prices in cinema chain:

Worked with a leading cinema chain. Used pricing analytics for estimating the optimal price for a ticket to be placed while a movie is being released. Used certain combinations to estimate a price range using the technique of Correlation and Mean + Standard deviation. Projected an incremental revenue of above 90 crores for the next financial year.
Name of Company: Cheers Interactive
Duration: July 2013 – June 2014 (12 Months)

Title: Subject Matter Expert

Duties: 

1. Analyzing patents and classifying them in different taxonomy elements according to the client requirements.

2. Conducting market research mainly product research and company trends leading to mergers and acquisition or takeover, going public etc.
Education

1. Post Graduate Certification: Business Analytics (Jan-2018 to Oct-2018)

College Name: Praxis Business School

2. Bachelor of Engineering/Technology: Mechanical Engineering (2010-2013)
College Name: Jondhle College of Engineering and Technology, Mumbai University

Aggregate: 60.5%               Class: First Class
3. Diploma of Engineering: Mechanical Engineering (2007-2010)
College Name: Jondhale Polytechnic, Maharashtra State Board of Technical Education

Aggregate: 80.19%            Class: First Class Distinction
4. Higher Secondary Certificate: (2005-2007)
College Name: Abhinav College, Maharashtra Board

Aggregate: 60.5%
      Class: First Class
5. Secondary School Certificate: (2005)
School name: Abhinav Vidyalay , Maharashtra Board

Aggregate: 71.87%
       Class: First Class
COMPUTER SKILLS

*Computer languages/Operating systems/software known: Microsoft Excel, SQL, Alterian.
extra curricular activities

1. Was a part of the advertising team of my college’s Tech Fest to get the advertisement funding the festival as well as advertise it to other colleges so that the participation can be different, diverse.

2. Represented my college in tech fest of other colleges through technical paper presentation or project presentation and won First Prize for National Level Project Presentation. 
HOBBIES

Blogging: I love blogging the latest in automobile industry in my style and not in a reporting way to make it more fun.

Playing Football: Being an ardent fan of ‘Liverpool’, I like to watch football with my friends 
Walking: I make a point of walking at least 3 kms in my weekends so that I can roam around new people and I love to roam around new surroundings.
PERSONAL DETAILS

Name: Soham Chowdhury
Date of Birth: 20/11/1989
Languages Known: English, Bengali, Marathi, Hindi
Passport Number: M2096148
