






















































Abinaya sekar
	No128,New Kumaran Nagar,
	11th cross street,
Sholinganallur,
Chennai – 600128, Tamil Nadu, India
Phone No: +919742435821
	Email ID: abinayasekar293@gmail.com

A Passionate, IT Professional with over two years of experience in Application Development, Database Management and Cloud Architecture Design. At this juncture, I feel I am the right candidate as I am a team player keen on using my knowledge and skills to reach the desired goals.

Academic Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree: Bachelor of Engineering
Discipline: Computer Science
College: Chennai Institute of Technology, Chennai 
*Affiliated to Anna University, Chennai, India

	Qualification
	Educational Institution
	Board
	Percentage
	Year of Completion

	
B.E.CSE
	
CHENNAI INSTITUTE
OF TECHNOLOGY
	
Anna University
	
81
	
2015

	
12THSTD
(HSC)
	
ST.JOHNS,MAT.HR.S
EC.SCHOOL
	
Matriculation

	
75
	
2011

	
10TH STD 
(SSLC)
	
ST.JOHNS,MAT.HR.S
EC.SCHOOL
	
Matriculation
	
82
	
2009




Skills
Technical skills
Programming languages
· PHP,JAVA
Web Development
· HTML, CSS, JavaScript , jQuery

Database Language 
· Microsoft SQL server , ORACLE SQL server
Cloud Architecture
· AWS Solutions Architect / Developer - Associate Level
BMC REMEDY ARS				
1. BMC Remedy ARS 7.6.04
BMC Atrium CMDB
1. BMC Atrium CMDB 7.6.04
Operating systems and databases
1. Microsoft Windows
1. Red hat Linux
1. Oracle
Web Servers/ Servlet engines
1. Apache, Tomcat
Personal skills
Dedicated, Responsible, Good communication competence, Flexible, Great team worker as well as independent, Quick learner.
Experience
	Company
	Start date
	End date

	Atos India PVT LTD
	MAY -2015
	Present


Working in ATOS India PVT LTD, PUNE as an Application Developer, working on Contract DataBase (CDB) Nokia Application and Oracle SQL Server, also worked on Quality Center and testing aspects, implemented highly available, scalable and manageable environment. 
· Lead development of source code, including descriptions, for all Software Components in accordance with the Detailed Software Requirements Specification, the functional design and technical design documents
· Fixing software defects/bugs.
· Measured and analyzed code for quality.
· Collaborated with Functional Analysts and technical Specialists to complete work, as required.
· Responsibilities involved performance of the applications, interaction with clients continuous analysis of applications development, perform root Cause Analysis (RCA) for critical issues, continuity planning, Change management and Operational Excellence (SLA / KPIs) analysis.
· Support and perform competence development of local technical teams.
· Performing Key User role for NOKIA-CDB.
· Involved in troubleshooting IMPACT policies for errors and interaction with system teams.
· Troubleshooting issues with reports and causes.
Tools Used
· Oracle SQL.
· NetBean for PHP
· BMC Remedy

Project Name:  RESOLVE 

Team Size  :5

Description:  Resolve is a case tracking tool which is used to track and handling of service support cases over the globe. Resolve is fully customized application developed using BMC ARS having around 9 other systems 
Integrated  with it.

Roles    
· Debug various interfaces for data flow and communication.
·  Import data using import tool.
· Troubleshooting user profile issues.
· Data changes activites on Production environment.
· Reproducing issues on different environment like QA and TEST.
·  L2 support for fully customize application.
·  Server or tomcat restart.
·  Client collaboration and service review meetings.
·  Monitoring services using service monitoring tool.
·  Performance and availability monitoring.
· Effective client communication during outages.

Project Name:  IBASE 

Team Size  :5

Description:IBASE (Installed BASE)
            ·IBASE is the global installed base management system of Nokia Networks which is based on BMC   Atrium CMDB.
            ·IBASE is a data repository and application to manage the Nokia Siemens Networks equipment installed on customer site and all customer data distributed throughout the world as well as customer data collected in the company and organized in several databases. That means, the installed base data is the information on the existing elements (hardware, software and licenses, incl. 3rd party products) sold by Nokia Networks and installed and in use in the network of the customers of Nokia different IT tools and databases in one common database using a common data model to support a federated core management database approach (CMDB).



               Roles   
· IBASE import console for creating import task for various customers.
· Server performance and server maintenance.
·  Maintain Product catalog , import product information via interface.
· Providing L2 Support to Customer.
· Analyzing logs and debugging workflows.
· Daily Restart of Tomcat/Servers and all processes.
· Client collaboration and service review meetings.
Certification

· Certified ORACLE SQL DEVELOPER 11g.
· Certified Oracle Java SE 7 Programmer.
· ITIL® Foundation Training & Certification
· Certified AWS SOLUTION ARCHITECT from Linux Academy.

Languages known
	Languages
	speak
	Read
	Write

	English
	· 
	· 
	· 

	Sourashtra
	· 
	
	

	Tamil
	· 
	· 
	· 

	Malayalam
	· 
	
	

	French
	· 
	· 
	· 




Personal details

Date of birth: 29-October-1993
Gender: Female
Marital status: Unmarried
Nationality: Indian

Declaration
I, Abinaya Sekar, hereby declare that the above mentioned particulars are true to the best of my knowledge.


Place: Pune
Date :									       		    (Abinaya Sekar)
