














































PAYEL MUKHERJEE







E-mail: payel.spark@gmail.com                                  Mob : (+91)9674301414

           payel.stat@yahoo.com                                         Res : (033)24451584
Seeking assignments in the field of Statistical analysis/ Business Analysis / Market Analysis/SAS Programming with an organization of repute. 


Qualified M.Sc. (Statistics) with experience in Market Research, and Client Relationship Management. Presently associated with Centre of Excellence in HIV Care at School of Tropical Medicine, Kolkata as Statistician. The mission of CoE in HIV is to serve as model in HIV/AIDS care and support and to provide high quality comprehensive care of persons affected by HIV/AIDS.
Exposure in multi-dimensional analysis. A keen planner with demonstrated abilities in devising research activities & accelerating the business growth. An effective communicator with excellent relationship building & interpersonal skills. Strong analytical, problem solving & organizational abilities.


Presently    Since Mar’2012      “School Of Tropical Medicine”, Kolkata              Data Analyst
Key Deliverables

· Be involved in statistical analysis of research projects of CoE,collaborative projects,and projects associated with the CoE and ART centre.
· Be involved in planning and preparing research protocols 
· Assist in manuscript writing / publications and presentations
· Assist in dissemination of research outcomes
· Analyse monthly reports and other information of the ART centre/attached ART centre.
· Be involved in the maintainance of quality data at CoE and attached ART centres.
Jul’2011 – Mar’2012                          “SMSRC Pvt. Ltd.”, Kolkata 
             Assistant Analyst

Key Deliverables
· Restructuring of Marketing Operations & setting up Divisionalization Processes. 

· Product Portfolio Structuring.
· Merger and Acquisition Strategy Formulation.

· Brand & Therapy Building Strategy.

· Qualitative and Quantitative Market Research.    

· Determination of stock volatility & co-volatility using Dynamic Conditional Correlation Model
The project aims to forecast volatility and co-volatility of four major stocks of IT sector. In the process to analyze the given Stock data, we have used BHHH algorithm first to check convergence. Then we have tried to find out the dynamic conditional correlation between those four stocks. Hence, we have compared each pair of stocks.
Software Configurations: 
 
Operating system 
:      Windows XP.

 
Software used

:      E-Views.


·     M.Sc (Statistics) from University of Kalyani, Nadia, West Bengal in 2010 
               having 51.75% marks.

·     B.Sc (Statistics) from University Of Calcutta, Kolkata, West Bengal in 2007 
              having 45.5% marks.
·     ISC  (Pure Science) from M.P. Birla Foundation H.S. School, Kolkata in    

              2004 having 71% marks.

·     ICSE from Tagore Academy, Jamshedpur in 2002 having 81.5% marks.

· Applied Multivariate Analysis

· Advanced Time Series Analysis

· Financial Econometrics.

· Advanced Design of Experiments











       Programming Languages
:
C, C++, R.

       Statistical Packages        
:
SAS(learning) , SPSS , MINITAB, E-Views.

       Operating System             :
            Windows Family.

       Other Softwares               :            Cognos Powerplay, Clikview

      Date of Birth
:
08th February 1987
 Languages Known
: Bengali, Hindi & English

 Address

:
‘Rajhans Enclave’, Flat No. A-302,
                                            68, Santosh Roy Road, Sakherbazar,
                                            Kolkata – 700008.

 Hobbies

:
Listening to Music & Net Surfing.

I do hereby declare that all the statements made above are true, complete and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date:  12/08/2012
Place: Sakherbazar, Kolkata.                                                                             Signature

SYNOPSIS





PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE





ACADEMIC PROJECT WORK (in KU)











ACADEMIA





SUBJECTS OF SPECIALISATION





COMPUTER SKILLS





PERSONAL DOSSIER








