





















































	Shweta Raghuwanshi
	MBA Finance

	Mobile : 7757096598
	                                         Email:shweta19raghuwanshi@gmail.com



	Career Objective


To be associated with a progressive organization that gives scope to apply my knowledge, skills for the growth of the organization.

	· Overall 1 year 2 month of experience as Equity Advisor in Karvy Millennium. 



Professional Work Experience
	Karvy Stock Broking
	Equity Advisor 

	
	From May 2017 to July 2018



Work location: Hyderabad
Key Deliverables: 
· To study and analyze the Condition of the market and conduct a detailed research on financial, social, and economic data and information
· To buy and sell the share and securities by utilizing short term trading model which are automated
· To recommend ideas and suggestions in order to improve the present algorithms or help in the creation of new ones
· To design potential strategies related to trading and determine a course of action that need to be taken
· To evaluate the risk involved and make appropriate decision and prepare the relevant reports
· To constantly monitor and review the transactions to verify the accuracy and ensure that they are in conformance with the rules and regulation of the governing organizations
·  Help in developing the training curriculum and training the new members on the same
· Keep a track of ongoing irregularities and fluctuation happening in the market and advice people accordingly on the most complicated purchase and sale of securities
· To constantly strive to develop and improve profitability by facing the challenges of increased competition.
· To responsible and accountable for predicting the future market trends and identifying the new trading opportunity to ensure the growth and profitability
· To assist the trading team and guide them by giving ideas on long term trading
· To constantly maintain and research the market trends for better preparation and anticipation of the market
·  Understanding Trading & Back Office applications , both in web & desktop versions 
·  Understanding Technical , Fundamental & Derivative analysis 
Summer internship 

	IDBI BANK, 
(Mumbai BKC)

	Finance Intern 
From May 2016 to July 2016


Key Deliverables: 
· Study MFI (Microfinance institute)
· Study modalities of lending to Self Help Group (SHG), Joint Liability Group (JLG) and MUDRA.
· Study of meeting micro credit needs of the poor women in IDBI.
· Understanding financial assistance for SHGs, JLGs and MUDRA through MFI.
· Studying IDBI Bank credit facilities to women borrowers
· Visiting in SHG’s, JLG and MUDRA group to understanding the process flow.
Certification
· Tally ERP9
· Professional Accounting
· NISM

Academic Profile
	Post Graduation / Graduation
	University / Board
	College / School
	Year of Passing
	GPA/ %

	MBA
(Finance and Marketing)
	Rashtrasant Tukdoji Maharaj Nagpur University
	Shri Ramdeobaba College of Engineering and Management (RCOEM)
	2017
	   7.23

	B.com
	Dr. Harisingh Gour Vishwavidyal, Sagar
	Govt.Girls College Chhindwara(M.P.)
	2014
	62.60%

	H.S.C.
	MP State Board
	Govt. MLB Girls H S School,Chhindwara
	2011
	71.20%

	S.S.C.
	MP State Board
	Higher Secondary School Panjra, Chhindwara
	2009

	55.5%



Personal Details
	Present Address 
Permanent Address
	Darma Apartment, near Durga mandir Gopal Nagar Nagpur 440022  
At post Panjra near society Chourai, Chhindwara MP 480001

	Alternate Phone Number
	07972304257

	Date of Birth
	08th June 1993


Declaration
I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and that I will present all the documents whenever required.

Date : 
Shweta Raghuwanshi
2 | Page
