










































Name : Ashish k. Makwana 
Address  :P-2246/D,Vishweshvar socity no.3, 
Fullwadi chawk,Hilldrive,Bhavnagar. 
E-mail: ashishmakwana1092@gmail.com 
Mobile: 9909181383 
 
 

Curriculum Vitae 
 
 
 

Career Objective 
 
To work in an organization where I can utilize my knowledge and give my best to the organization. 
Also for improve my abilities and knowledge about specific field. 
 
 

Key Skills and Strengths 
 

• Initiative, Leadership Qualities and Co-operative. 
 

• Good Hard Working. 
 

• Quick Learner, ability to think positive and face challenges. 
 

• I can also manage software troubleshooting. 
  
 
Certificate 
 

• Attend House wiring workshop at Industrial Training Institute Bhavnagar. 
 

• Attend IT Quiz competition at Shri Swaminaraya Collage of Computer Science. 
 

 
Educational Qualifications 
 

Qualification Institution Year 
Marks 

% 

B.Com  Late J.K.Ram Arts & Commerce college,veraval 
(Saurashtra University) 

May2016 65% 

12th -  (Commerce) 
St.Marry Higher secondary 

School,(GSEB),Bhavnagar 
July2012 41% 

10th   
Shri Swaminarayan High School, 

(GSEB),Bhavnagar 
March2008 53.38% 

 
 

Computer Literacy 
 

• Well versed with application of Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint and Internet 
application.  

 

 
 
 

mailto:ashishmakwana1092@gmail.com


Working Experience 
 

• I have worked as office assistance at M.P.MEHTA INVESTMENT & SOLUTION. 
 

• I have worked as customer relationship executive at Yatradham.org from last seven month.  

 
Hobbies 

 
• Listening Music 

 
• Interacting with new people & Travelling. 

 
• Shopping and Surfing on Internet. 

 
 

Personal Details 

 
Father’s Name Mr. Kishorbhai G. Makwana 

Mother’s Name Mrs. Gita ben K. Makwana 

Date of Birth 10- Feb-1992 

Sex Male 

Marital Status Single 

Language 

Proficiency 
English, Hindi, Gujarati  

Residence Plot No.2246/D,vishweshvar Society No.03,Hill Drive,Bhavnagar-364002 

City, State Bhavnagar, Gujarat 

 
    

 
 
 
Declaration:  
I hereby declare that the information provided above is true to the best of my knowledge and I confirm 
to provide any necessary documents in support of the same if required. 
 
 
 
 
 
          Ashish Makwana 


