













































Biswajit Ghosh

Biswajit Ghosh
46/4/1 Raja S.C. Mallick Road
Kolkata - 700032
Phone: - +91-9831015484

Email: - biswajit.ghosh@live.com
Objective:
To apply the knowledge and skills acquired throughout my education and professional experience for the benefit of the organization and to provide a high standard of work to my employer and clients.
Personal Skills:
Comprehensive problem solving abilities, excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to deal with people effectively, keen observer, team player and facilitator and willingness to learn.

Professional Background:

Total Years of Experience: 5 Year(s) 7 Month(s)
November 2006 – Present Date: Working as an Analyst IT Processing Operations in HSBC Electronic Data Processing India with the following responsibilities:
· Providing resolutions to the technical problems being faced by the customers using Internet Banking of HSBC Bank UK.

· Coaching and monitoring my fellow under performing team members in order to bring their performance as desired by the Business Region.

· Working as a Deputy Team Leader in absence of my Assistant Manager and ensuring that the SLAs and PLAs for the team were met.
· Mentoring new joiners to the department in order to ensure that they complete their learning curve successfully.

· Also undertaken a Lean Project that was aimed at minimizing the manual intervention in respect to leaves of the team members and updating of the daily statistics.

March 2005 – October 2006: Worked as a Quality Analyst with Aegis BPO Services (An Essar Enterprise) with the following responsibilities:

· Handled the Quality Monitoring of the Postpaid and Corporate Teams of Tata Teleservices Limited.
· Worked in preparation of the reference portal which was used by the agents in performing their day-to-day tasks.

· Identified and undertaken coaching and refresher training sessions of the new and old agents.

· Also handled the teams in absence of the Team Leader and ensured that both operational and quality SLAs were met.
· Attended process improvement programs with client.
Educational Background:
· Completed 10th from S.E.Railway Mixed Higher Secondary School, Kharagpur, West Bengal in 1999.
· Completed 12th in Commerce from Sacred heart High School, Kharagpur, West Bengal in 2001.
· Completed B.Com from F.M. (Autonomous College), Balasore, Orissa in 2004.
IT Skills:
	Skill Type
	Skill Name
	Proficiency

	Operating System
	Windows (All versions including Vista) and Linux
	Proficient

	Hardware Maintenance and Troubleshooting
	PC Troubleshooting, Assembling
	Proficient

	Networking
	LAN, WAN and Other Cisco Components.
	Proficient

	Applications
	Office Applications and Programming Languages.
	Proficient


Personal Details:
Date of Birth:


February 21, 1983
Marital Status:


Single

Gender:


Male

Languages Known:

English, Hindi And Bengali

Permanant Address:

Plot No. 11 Hijli Co-Operative Development Society
                              

P.O.Hijli Prem Bazar, Kharagpur - 721306.

Declaration:
I Biswajit Ghosh hereby declare that all information provided above is true to the best of knowledge.

Place:

Date:

_____________________

Biswajit Ghosh                             

