









































Microsoft Word - tanvi sood CV FINAL


TANVI SOOD 
 
GH-9/59, Paschim Vihar,  
New Delhi, Delhi, India. 
PIN-110087 
Phone No: +919899328864 
E-mail Id: soodtanvi94@gmail.com 
 
 

 Economics graduate from Janki Devi Memorial College, University of Delhi.  
 Master’s degree in Economics from South Asian University (A University of the SAARC nations).  
 Interned at Deloitte India (Gurugram) and Petronet LNG Ltd. (New Delhi). 
 Well versed with Advanced Analytics techniques such as Hypothesis testing, Linear Regression, Logistic 

regression, decision tree (CHAID and CART), clustering, Vector auto regression (VAR) and forecasting 
(ARIMA Modeling) 

 Well versed with statistical softwares and dms such as SPSS, Eviews and SQL. 
 Trained in Base SAS and Advanced SAS. 

 
ACADEMIC DETAILS 
 

 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE DETAILS 
 

 Organization: Deloitte India, Gurugram, Haryana, December 5, 2016- January 6, 2017 
 

o Description: Worked in the Brand and Communications team in the Economics Research 
Department of Internal Firm Services Function. I helped in the preparation of the annual State of 
the Economy document, looked at India’s gold demand and supply trends, prepared notes on 
India’s annual budget and studied the impact of demonetization on the various sectors of the 
Indian Economy. 

 
 Organization: Petronet LNG Limited, New Delhi, May 26, 2017- July 10, 2017 

 
o Description: Worked in the Finance department on the project ‘The impact of GST on the pricing 

and affordability of LNG vis-a-vis other fuels’. During my internship I also observed the working 
of LNG market and an upward shift in spot trade in the LNG market. I also prepared various 
reports for the department and worked on an LNG application that is being built by the 
company. 

 
 

Qualification College /University Board Year of 
Passing 

Percentage/CGPA 

M.A. Economics South Asian University (A university 
of the SAARC Nations, Delhi, India) 

SAU 
 

2018 82.55% 

B.A. (H) Economics Janki Devi Memorial college (JMDC), 
University of Delhi 

DU 2015 75.36% 

SSC St. Marks Public School, Delhi, India CBSE 2012 89.8% 

HSC St. Marks Public School, Delhi, India CBSE 2010 83.50% 

 



WORKSHOPS ATTENDED 
 

Skill Enhancement Training Programme in Data Analytics organized by University of Delhi 
 

       Purpose: To have a discussion on industry use cases. 
        

 Cases discussed:  
o Linear regression: We were given a demo of the working of linear regression through a previous 

business case solved and were given a sample data on car sales on which we had to run a linear 
regression. The data comprised of various variables such as car model, manufacturers, resale 
value, amount of sales, etc. and using these we had to derive the best pricing strategy for the 
company by making use of the linear regression technique. 

o Logistic regression: We were given a demo of the working of logistic regression through a 
previous business case solved and were given a sample data on copay card usage (supported by 
an insurance company) and had to help the hypothetical company selling a particular drug to 
customers (who used copay cards to purchase the drug) to find business solutions to their 
problems. The company wanted to calculate the amount of slippage of their customers in the 
coming year as their drug was about to fall in a lower tier and the use of copay was not allowed 
anymore by the insurance company leading to a steep rise in the cost of the drug for the 
patients. We ran a preliminary analysis using CHAID to identify critical factors in the above 
mentioned case and ran a logistic regression in order to calculate customer slippage for the 
company due to rise in price of the drug. 

 
CERTIFICATIONS/SEMINARS/EXTRA CIRRICULAR  

 Diploma in Vocal and Instrumental Classical music. 
 Volunteer for Second International Conference on South Asian Economic Development. 
 Online Subject Matter Expert for Chegg India Pvt. Ltd. for a period of two months. 
 Volunteer for Badlaav (an NGO) 
 Online marketer for Economy Decoded (A Youth Blog). 
 Certificate course on Peace and Conflict Studies: The Gandhian Alternative. 
 Short term course in Sustainable Development (Rio 20+ India Certification Program) 

 
 



 


