







































Akshay Kapila
E-Mail: akshaykapila92@gmail.com; 
Mobile: +91-7760065511/ +91- 6360807809
Senior Professional – Module Lead – Data Science and Analytics
PROFILE SUMMARY
Over 4 years of rich, end-to-end Data Analytics and Data Modeling experience in IT and Retail-CPG industries; expertise in building predictive models, in various data extraction, manipulation, analyzing techniques in R, SQL Server, Spark, Scala, Tableau and MS Excel. Hands on exposure to advanced techniques like clustering, regression and other Machine Learning Algorithms. Good presentation skills with distinguished abilities of team building and taking initiatives, self-motivated and fast learner. Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Actively participates in Data science competitions on various platforms like Hacker Earth, Analytics Vidhya, Kaggle.
	KEY SKILLS
	

	
	

	Data Analytics
	Machine Learning Algorithms
	R,SQL , Spark,Scala(Intermediate)

	Data Visualization
	Clustering & Factor analysis
	Time Series Forecasting


WORK EXPERIENCE

Since Jan’16 with Mind Tree, Bangalore as Module Lead
Project 1:
HR Data Science and Analytics: 
1. Employee Attrition Analytics: Built predictive model for HR department for them to gain better understanding about employee attrition and can take preventive measures for the same. Various HR metrics were fed as input to model ,to output a probability score for each employee.
2. Candidate Joining Probability: Built predictive model for HR department to predict whether a candidate will join Mindtree once he clears all of his interviews.
Project 2:
DSG– Built predictive models and time series algorithms to predict and recommend what to sell and how much to sell for Unilever outlets in 4 countries. It rolls out recommendations for its pilot Distributors every month which is displayed on hand held device of salesman. Part of Innovation team and leading a sub team of 1 Junior Analyst; promoting a strong culture of Analytics as part of global standards
   Project 3:
IRIS - IRIS is a project which identifies incremental sales opportunities of existing Ice-cream products in the store. It is also aimed to identify new sales opportunities for Ice-cream products which are not present in stores.
Jan’14 to Dec’15 with Accenture, Bangalore as Software Engineer
Project 1:
Actuarial - Actuarial project is an insurance project. It is mainly about the monetary data. This application gets the data to the actuarial data warehouse from different countries in North America. SSIS packages are mainly used to transform the data from different systems in different formats and put it in data warehouses.
IT SKILL SET
   Operating Systems:
Windows, Linux
Languages:
R, T-SQL, Scala (Intermediate)
Database:
MS SQL Server 2012, 
BI Tools:
      MS-BI 2012/2008(SSIS), Tableau, MS Excel
KEY ACHIEVEMENTS:

· Finished in Top 10 in Hacker Earth Machine Learning Hackathon where 2500 teams from India participated.

· Finished in Top 20 in Hacker Earth ZS Machine Learning challenge where ~1000 teams from all IIT’s participated.

· Acknowledged as Creative Mind spot-on award for my performance in Projects in MindTree.

· Acknowledged as All-rounder award for my all-around performance in Accenture.

· Secured Second position in India at Republic Day Parade in Delhi in front of Honorable APJ Abdul Kalam.
· Recipient of Pradhanmantri Scholarship in graduation.

EDUCATION
	Course
	Name of the Institute/University
	Year of Passing
	Aggregate Percentage

	Bachelor of Technology
	GGSIPU, Delhi   
	   2013  
	77%

	A.I.S.S.C.E: (10+2)
	Sachdeva Public School, Delhi
	2009
	83%

	A.I.S.S.E: (Matriculation)
	Sachdeva Public School, Delhi
	2007
	85%


PERSONAL DETAILS
Permanent Address:
250, Astha Kunj Apartment, E Block, Sector 18, Rohini, Delhi-110089
Date of Birth:
20th March 1992
Interests:
Skate Boarding, History Enthusiast, Quora, Cooking, Swimming, Running, Cycling.
Marital Status:
Single

