



















































PAVANPATRI

 GOVIND REDDY NALLA                                                                                                            09010151050
 govindreddy9@gmail.com                                                                                                                
  
SUMMARY: Working with Priya Sharma Softwate Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad. As Software engineer in Development 
(April 2015 to Till Date)

PROJECTS:

WebDPW
Team Size             : 3
Technology Used    : C#,Asp.net, HTML, Java Script,JQuery
Environment          : Sql Server 2008R2,IIS 80.

Repository
    : Bit Bucket(Tortoise HG).

 
 WebDPW offers a complete service package for organizations looking to easily automate their operations. Manage your work orders, technicians, inventory and invoices with our easy to use, web-based program.
 WebDPW tracks all of your assets including buildings, properties, equipment,signs, roads, storm drains and water meters, etc. The system can contain standard operating procedures, warranty information, plans and any other documents related to the asset. WebDPW can keep a history of all maintenance and other events. Depreciation can be calculated and optionally posted to BMSI Accounting software.
This module allows you to schedule regularly performed tasks. The tasks can be complete project plans that include multiple employees, outside contractors, and equipment usage or rental. They can be as simple as an oil change or changing light bulbs
Administrator will create the Work Order and assign to the Employee. On completion of Work Order, the Work Order will be posted to Invoice. In this Work Order Administrator will play the key role.
WEBSITE:  https://app.webdpw.com/
 As a team member, was responsible for 

Developing web pages.
Construct Database, tables etc.
Interaction with database to Pages.
Validating the user inputs.
Handled production issues and enhancement to the existing live portals
World Wide village(WWV)

Team Size             : 4
Technology Used    : C#,Asp.net, MVC, HTML, JQuery Ajax,Web API
Environment          : Sql Server 2012,IIS 8.0.

Repository
    : Bit Bucket(Tortoise HG).

ORM

    : Entity Frame Work, Linq to Sql. 

CRM WWV is the product designed to organize the student’s and their sponsor’s details.

WEBSITE: http://wwvcrm.digital-55.com/
As a team member, was responsible for 

Developing web pages.
Construct Database, tables etc.
Interaction with database to Pages.
Validating the user inputs.
Checking the Project flow and Module integration.
Testing Browser Compatibility.
Handled production issues and enhancement to the existing live portals
Service Works

Clent

    : Rapiddispatch
Team Size             : 3
Technology Used    : ASP.NET with C#, ADO.NET, IIS 7.0,Telerik Reports.

Environment          : Sql Server 2008R2
Repository
    : Bit Bucket (Tortoise HG).
Service Works is a centralized service that is always available from any location or device with web access. Office and Field Staff can quickly review and change schedules, work orders and customer information in real time from their desktops, laptops, tablets or smart phones. The Work Order System you use will often be referred to as the web application. This system contains information regarding different modules: Customers, Maps, Work Order, Receivables, and Reports.

As a team member, was responsible for 

Developing web pages.
Interaction with database to Pages.
Validating the user inputs.
Handled production issues and enhancement to the existing live portals
WEBSITE: http://www.rapiddispatch.com/
 Worked with My !dea Store as a Service Delivery Role as contract employee, Karimnagar. 
                (Nov 2009 to Mar 2015)
Technical Skills:

Operating Systems

: Windows.
Service Layer

: WEBAPI.

Data Bases

: SQL Server-2008/12/14.
Web Technologies 
: ASP.Net, C#.Net, MVC,HTML, JavaScript, JQuery.
Personal Details:

Name   

        : Nalla Govind Reddy.
Father Name

        : Nalla Gopal reddy.

Date Of Birth                       : 27th June1985.

Place Of Birth                      : Karimnagar.
Martial Status                     : Married.

Nationality                          : Indian.

Permanent Address            : 1-6,

                                             Itharajpally,

                                             Sulthanabad,Peddapally – 505 186,

                                             Telangana,

                                             INDIA.

EDUCATION:
 MCA - Master of Computer Applications.  

 BSC(CS) - Bachelor of Computer Science .  
Place: Hyderabad                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

                                                                                                                      
      (N. Govind reddy)

Date:  
                                                                                                      


