


















































Jotiba Pawar


Name: Dhanappa M Baddole
E-mail:dbaddole@gmail.com
Mobile No.: +91 9096962889/9545224108

	Career Objective:

	· To use my skill to the fullest and contribute towards the excellence and growth of the organization by extending my sincere service at the organization in which I am employed.



	Work Summary:

	· Planned, developed and implemented excel macros for various processes (product management, involving design, coding and documentation part).  Successfully handled macro team.
· Created many visual basic generated data reports that ‘crunch’ massive statistical points and created results on a report template.
· Effectively trained personnel on the use of VBA. Collaborated with department managers to determine functionality requirements, resolve data quality issues and improve and quality of the source data.
· Good background in table/query design, report design and automation utilizing VB modules. Initiated, lead and implemented excel macros for critical business process, increasing productivity throughout the organization.
· Successfully developed and implemented MS-Access VBA applications for a number of business enterprises, healthcare units, automobile companies, hotels, and some nonprofit organizations.
· Good hands on MS Access Forms, reports.
· Good working knowledge of Asp.net.  Strong knowledge of system architecture and web based applications.
· Developing and maintaining web based applications written in ASP.net.
· Hands on Redmine project management tool



	Skill Sets:

	Programming languages
	VB 6.0, VBA, Asp.net, vb.net,  C#.net,VB.net, HTML, OOPs.

	Database
	Microsoft Access, SQL Server 2008R2, My-SQL Server 5.1.



	Expertise:

	· Learning new tools and technologies in quick time. Comprehensive problem solving abilities.
· Highly experienced and skilled Excel VBA Developer with an extensive record of successful system design and implementation.
· Extensive experience in designing templates, user forms, and user defined functions and creating and using add-ins. 
· Detail-oriented Financial Analyst with hands-on experience in quantitative / statistical analysis, budgeting, accounting, and forecasting.
· Experience in creating dynamic web pages to get faster response time and to obtain partial updates using ASP.NET, Master pages.
· Experience in Responsive web-based page and site designs using HTML, XHTML, DHTML, CSS, Bootstrap.
· Abilities in Database Design writing Stored Procedures, Views.



	Educational Qualification:

	Degree
	College
	University
	Year
	%

	M.Sc (Computer Science)
	Solapur University,Solapur.

	Solapur University,Solapur
	2012
	57.17

	B.C.S.

	Dayanand College Of Arts and Science, Solapur.
	Solapur University,Solapur
	2009
	55.23

	H.S.C
	Dayanand College Of Arts and Science, Solapur.
	Pune Board
	2006
	45.83

	S.S.C
	Roshan Prashala,Solapur.
	Pune Board
	2004
	70.40



	Work Experience:

	Company Name
	Designation
	From
	To
	Platform

	SKP Business Consulting LLP. Pune. 
(http://www.skpgroup.com)
	Application Developer
	01 June 2015
	Till Date
	Asp.net / VBA. SQL Server 2008R2

	Intellisoft Computer Consultant Pvt. Ltd. Solapur. (http://www.intellisoft.co.in)
	Software Developer
	23 Nov 2012
	31 May 2015
	Asp.net / VBA.SQL Server 2008R2.



Project Profile:
	Billing Application (https://extranet.skpgroup.com/billing)

	Team Size:
	2

	Duration:
	1 Year

	Technologies:
	MVC, Boot Strap, jQuery 1.8.2, SQL Server 2008

	Description: 
· Billing Application is simple, easy to use invoicing software which helps to generate Inquiries and proposals, set up monthly budget for the clients and accordingly create Invoices/ bills. Scale invoicing processes with multi-currency.
Role:
· Coding and database design.



	Timesheet Application (https://extranet.skpgroup.com/Timesheet)

	Team Size:
	2

	Duration:
	1 Year

	Technologies:
	Asp.net, SQL Server 2008.

	Description: 
· Timesheet Application is simple, easy to use for the employees that is work in SKP. The application have track daily work of employee. Application that is used all SKP Employee in a four location. Software which helps to generate daily, monthly and defaulter report.
Role:
· Coding and database design.



	iParc Application       

	Team Size:
	2

	Duration:
	1 Year

	Technologies:
	VB.net, SQL Server 2008, ADO.net.

	Description: 
· This application is developed to track the invoice of aircraft.  It is multi user application.  Batches will be assigned within team.  Admin user can assign the batches to team member, after that team member will process that invoice and change the status.  At the end user generate the final invoice and send it client via email.
Role:
· Coding and database design.



	Client Reporting Portal  (https://extranet.skpgroup.com/SKPTClientPortal/)      

	Team Size:
	2

	Duration:
	6 months

	Technologies:
	Asp.net, MS-SQL Server 2008.

	Description: 
· Users receive input from various clients, and also provide output.  This is in the form of (Any type of data) e.g. accounting data, payroll input, SC documents, MIS reports, statutory compliances and their returns / acknowledgements etc. User wants a web application to exchange of this data on website.
· In this project we have used SQL Server 2008 R2 database and developed web pages in Asp.net.
· In this application there 3 level user rights.
A) Super Admin User: Has permission to assign right to client user and company user, 
B) Company User: Has right to upload and download files as per assigned rights.
C) Client User: Has permission to upload and download files as per assigned rights.
· User can download/upload multiple files. After uploading file from client related user can receive email. Super admin user can delete uploaded files.
Role:
· Developer, Support Engineer.



PERSONAL
	Personal Information:

	Name:
	Dhanappa Mallikarjun Baddole

	D.O.B:
	11thJune 1989

	Gender:
	Male

	Marital Status:
	Married

	Nationality:
	Indian

	Languages:
	English, Hindi, Marathi, Kannada.

	Temporary Address:
	FLAT NO.6 NATHLEELACOMPLEX, AT POST- NANDE. TALUKA – MULSHI, DISTRICT - PUNE,STATE - MAHARASHTRA,PIN CODE - 411042.

	Permanent Address:
	Plot No. 224 A, Mallikarjun Nagar, Near Solapur Soot Mill, Akkalkot Road,    Solapur, PIN: 413006. Maharashtra. India.

	Total Experience:
	5 Year and 8 Months

	VBA / MS-Access And MS-Excel /SQL Server:
	5 Year and  8 Months

	Current Location:
	Pune

	Notice Period:
	30 Days



I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Date:
Place:                                                                                     			 Baddole Dhanappa.
