












































RESUME
                                                                                                         
			                                                                                                
Mr. Divyam Tyagi
Contact No: +91-9004455181(M)
Email:  the.divyam@gmail.com
Career Level:- Application Development Analyst
Total Experience- 2.8 Yrs	
	

	Career Objective:



Willing to work as a key player in challenging and creative environment. I intend to use my abilities to help my organization in reaching greater heights and to work hard and make the best utilization of my communication skills and knowledge to conquer new grounds and put in new inputs in the field of technology. I believe if there is a right set of skills , knowledge , habits and learning it can be utilized for selection , determination and implementation of creative ideas ultimately contributing to innovation ,Growth , other dimensions of learning and helping the society.
	Professional Experience



2.5 years of experience in Information Technology & Services. Trained in MS-SQL, XML and Functional Testing. Current profile as Application Development Analyst currently working in Mortgage Domain as a Test Engineering Analyst using tools such as HP-QC, Visual Studio XML Editor. This role involves Creating & Executing Test Scripts, using XML Debugger to identify functional & UI defects .Tool experience of HP-QC. Previous experience of working in Ecommerce Domain as Database Administrator Trainee worked on tools such as Microsoft SQL Server 2012, Assyst:- Incident Management Tool. The role involved creation of Stored Procedures for modular programming & faster execution, incidents resolving which involved firing T-SQL queries for root cause analysis. Gained experience of working in rotating shifts as per project requirements.
 Skill Set: 
· MS-SQL using Microsoft SQL Server 2012.
· XML Scripting & Debugging.
· Manual Testing.
	Organization
	Designation & Role
	Duration 

	Accenture Solutions
	Application Development Analyst
	Mar 2015 Till date



	Project Profile 



	1. 
	HSBC UK(Functional Testing)

	Clients
	HSBC UK

	Role
	Application Development Analyst

	Organization
	Accenture Solutions

	Period
	Dec 2016 – Present

	Location
	Gurgaon

	Team Size
	Upto 26

	Operating Systems
	Base Operating System (Windows 10, Windows 7)

	Responsibilities
	· Functional Testing using XML debugging for defects identification.
· Creating Test Scenarios and Scripts for SIT.
· Script logging and Defects tracking using HP_QC.
· Performed UI, Regression Testing, JUnit, Black-Box Testing Techniques.
· Mentoring/providing KT to new team members in the team.




	2.
	Clarks UK (Database Administrator)

	Clients
	C & J Clark International Limited

	Role
	Application Development Associate

	Organization
	Accenture Solutions

	Period
	May 2015 – Dec 2016

	Location
	Mumbai

	Team Size
	Upto 30

	Operating Systems
	Base Operating System (Windows 7, Windows 10)

	Responsibilities
	· Resolved database incidents as per SLA using T-SQL scripting for Root Cause Analysis.
· Created stored procedures for various tasks assigned for faster execution.
· Provided 24X7 support for high priority incidents.
· Created various client requirement documents for project references.



	Education Qualification:



	Course
	Institute
	University
	CGPA/Percentage
	Month/Year of Passing

	B.E(ECE)
	Jaypee Institute of Information & Technology, Noida
	Jaypee University
	5.9
	May 2014

	12th
	DL DAV Model School
	Delhi
	80.4%
	March 2009




	Certifications: 


· ISTQB Foundation Level.
· C++ Certification from NIIT

	Personal Profile:



	Name
	Divyam Tyagi

	Date of Birth
	16-12-1991

	Email Id 
	the.divyam@gmail.com

	Marital status
	Single

	Nationality 
	India

	Languages
	English, Hindi

	Hobbies
	Reading books (Fictional Novels), listening to music, Playing cricket.

	Strengths
	Good Analytical and reasoning skills, Good team player, ability to motivate people, Open to new challenges, to learn and to relocate, Ability to work and thrive under pressure.

	 Address 
	22, Maheshwari Apartments, Sector-14, Rohini, New Delhi (India) Pin 110085                                                                  



Declaration:
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
Divyam Tyagi
