





































Lavanya R

Lavanya S. Dasari



Email: luckylavanya13@gmail.com







 lskdasari@ymail.com
Narmada Nagar,



Contacts: +919870406537/9819444826
Narmada Ashish Society
B- Wing, R no. 007





Bhayender (East)
Thane - 401107
Career Objective: Seeking job (projects) to demonstrate my skill and abilities in the Information Technology Industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.

Education Qualification: B.SC [IT] 

    1st Semester 
– 77.87 %





    2nd Semester
– 64.13 % 

    3rd Semester 
– 76.40%



    4th Semester 
– 68.67%



    5th & 6th Semester
– 61.00%


Passed H.S.C from Elphinstone College in 2005 with 61.83%
Passed S.S.C from Sir Cowasjee Jehangir High School in 2003 with 68.67%

Software Proficiency:
     Language                : C, C+ +, Java, Advanced Java, C #, HTML, JavaScript
     DBMS Packages     : SQL Server, Microsoft Access
     Front End

 : VB 6.0

     Operating system    : Windows98, XP  
Completed the Diploma in Web Designing & Hardware Networking from “Softpro Institute”. 

Project on Call Login System:
Operating System: Windows XP
Front end: Visual Basic 6.0

Back end: Microsoft Access
          
Hardware Equipments: Mode
Experience: 1
Currently working in NGA HR INDIA Pvt. Ltd.  (Feb 9th 2009 – July 31st 2012)

Designation: - Senior Associate 

            Nature of Work: - Processing UK payroll

Job Profile:-
· Payroll processing from end to end including payroll related reimbursements processing, various reconciliations including all applicable compliances.

· Administration of TDS (Withholding Taxes) including deductions, deposits, returns (ETDS), relevant certificates etc related to Payroll.

· Driving and managing the creation of customized software to process payroll.

· To manage the workflow to ensure maximum resource utilization and adherence to SLA deadlines throughout the year. To assist the TL with resource planning and resource management.

· To accurately input and validate instructions received from onshore/client within the agreed timescales and to deal with or escalate any anomalies as appropriate.

· Responsible for maintaining accuracy, preparing, updating and reviewing the documentation on timely basis relating to quality audit that contributes towards delivering appropriate documents to SAS 70 auditors.

· To take part in promoting the training and development by coaching and mentoring other team member.

· Update the ad hock details correctly and on timely basis required by Line manager for any reports preparation. E.g. TMS Report, Volume counts, details relating to monthly report etc.

· To build and nurture constructive relationships with the onshore team/client and internal colleagues from other business areas and to contribute to team efforts, team meetings etc.

· To assist line manager in collating relevant and accurate feedback on volumes, productivity and errors to assist in the production of management information.

· To provide preventative or corrective action which can be undertaken to reduce errors across the team. To demonstrate good communication skills within the organization and externally back to onshore/clients if appropriate.

· Responsible for handling timely escalations of work related issues and dealing with onshore. Especially in absence of Team Leader & SME.

· Provide floor support to team members so that the error count is reduced.

· Respond to requests and queries from internal/external team in a friendly and efficient manner, so as to reduce the number of queries raised to onshore team.

· Making root cause analysis for external errors and providing all possible finding such as evidences needed for investigation.

Experience: 2

· Teaching experience in private classes for 5 years.

Personal Skills: 


Comprehensive Problem solving abilities, excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to deal with people diplomatically.

Personal Profile: 

Name


: Lavanya S. Dasari
Nationality

: Indian

Date of Birth
  
: 13th October, 1987
Caste


: Hindu
Gender

: Female
Martial Status
: Married
Hobbies

: Listening music, reading books, playing chess                   
Language

: English, Hindi, Marathi, Telugu.

Activities and Achievements

· Received Awards (Certificate) from Manager for doing good work consistently.

· Received appreciation mails from Onshore Clients for doing good work consistently.

While the above details may help in the preliminary selection, I am confident that if given a chance to work in an esteemed organization of your repute, I will not only prove my merits but will also bring laurels to the organization by my sincere efforts. 

 I hereby declare that the above information is true.

Place: Mumbai




 [Mrs. Lavanya S. Dasari]

