













































CV Template

Résumé

              Sudeshna Behera


Sudeshna Behera

Email: sudeshnabehera4@gmail.com
Phone: +91-9036433457
Career Objective

Seeking a professional career to prove myself in a challenging position in the software field and to work hard sincerely with determination towards goals and objective of the company and self improvement.
Qualification

· Completed B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering  from BPUT, Orissa having CGPA of 7.36 in the year 2011.                                               
· Completed Diploma (Computer Science & Engineering) securing 71.36% marks from Govt. Women’s Polytechnic, Berhampur, Orissa in the year 2007.

Technical Expertise

Programming Languages
: C, C++, .Net 2008(VB, ASP, C#)
Systems Worked With
: Dos, Windows 2000/XP, Linux

Scripting Languages

: HTML, Java Script

Database Knowledge

: Oracle 9i & 10g

Academic Project
Project
: Online Bidding System
Description
: The functionality of this project is to drop the tender work through online. Presently all contractors are drop a tender in the box at the office. It is very difficult to search a particular record because in day to day data stores more and more. So it was finally decided to computerize the online bidding system.
Roles & Responsibility
: Coding and Testing
Solution Environment
: Windows, ASP and C# .Net, Oracle Database
Achievements
· Got 1st  prize in sports at school level.

· Participated in College and school level  essay competitions.

· Member of NSS Students chapter.  
Personal Skills

· Confident, Hard working & Willingness to learn new things.
· Have Patience and friendly.
Extra Curricular Activities

· Member of ISTE Student Chapter of the college

· Participated in  UTKARSH’09 (a national level technical symposium), ECOSS(an event for open source software)

Personal Details

Name



: Sudeshna Behera

Date of Birth


: 24-04-1988

Sex



: Female
Address


: Sudeshna Behera,S.G.R. college main road, munnekolalla,

Tirupati PG for ladies, Marathahalli, Bangalore, Karnataka.
Pin-560037                                                                                                                                
Marital Status


: Single

Religion


: Hindu

Nationality
: Indian

Hobbies
: Playing Computer Games, Listening Music, Reading Books & Newspaper
Languages known
: English, Hindi & Oriya

Overiew

I believe in the qualities of self-esteem determination and hard work. I enjoy work which is challenging and which broadens my horizons, which enable me to utilize skills willing to travel extensively throughout world.

Page 1 of 2

