

























































Name :       Sujata Pradeep Kale	
Contact :    +91-9011189063
Email:         kalesujata12@gmail.com		

Career Objective:-			

To render optimum performance with technical & management skills in creative Environment, 
where I can utilize my knowledge, ability to absorb quickly & experience to achieve optimum utilization of resources and maximize results for Organization.

Working Experience:-		

1) Associate Network Engineer at Tata Communications Transformation Services Limited.
    July 2016 - Aug 2017

Working as an Associate Engineer in Service Assurance team responsible for enterprise Network Operations and Customer Services of PAN India at Tata Communications Transformation Services Limited.

· Working in Global NOC, providing L1/L2 support for RF/Wireless and backbone network issues. · TCP/IP, 
MPLS VPNs - Layer 2 & 3 VPNs, BGP, OSPF, IP QoS, MPLS QoS, Switching (MST)-Cisco platforms 12000, 
7600, 7200 & GSRs, Cisco Switches 2950/3750/6500 series and Juniper platform MX routers, Juniper EX 
switches.
· Network Management, Backbone Alarm Monitoring, Fault Management, Provisioning & Configuration 
· Troubleshooting of different network devices such as Cisco, Juniper, Huawei,Alcatel(routers & Switches).
· Coordinate for field support engineers from O&M team & troubleshooting of BS end & CE end Issues. 
· Prioritize and manage priority & platinum Enterprise VPN Customer through Proactive monitoring &         
resources and actions based on customer experience and business impact.
· Tools used: Putty, Crammer, Secure CRT , Remedy BMC, Cacti: monitoring of links. Wireless One : for multipurpose from monitoring to check the status of BS .

2) Jr. Engineer - Quality Analyst at Nasan Medical Electronics   
    Oct 2015— April 2016

Finding the defects and making the documentation of all those issues and ensuring the errors are corrected and trying to find out the solution to avoid such error.
Analysis of every PCB and parts to assemble in product. Verifying final products are the as per customer requirements and documentation of all these things.

Professional Certification:-

Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)-Routing & Switching.
· Good Understanding of Networking Technologies.
· IP Flow, Switches, Routers.
· LAN, MAN, WAN, VPN, VLAN.
· IP Addressing--Ipv4, Ipv6.
· OSI model.
· Sub-netting, Super-netting, NATing.
· Ethernet, Serial Communication.
· Static and Dynamic routing (RIPv1/v2, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP) Protocols.


Academic Details:-

	Qualifications
	Board/University
	Percentage
	Passing Year

	HSC
	Pune University
	66.66%
	2009

	SSC
	Pune University
	83.38%
	2007

	B.E. (E&TC)
	 Bharati Vidhyapeeth College of Engineering for Women, Pune
	65.13%
	2014



Academic Projects			

1) Project title: Solar Tracker using Microcontroller 89S52
2) Project title:  "BIOMETRIC SECURITY SYSTEM BASED ON HANDWRITTEN PASSWORD"
Concept: To develop an authentication system based on handwritten password. In off-line systems, the data is captured while the handwritten password is being written. Offline (static) handwritten password verification uses handwritten password that are captured by on paper that extract static properties of a signature
Software platform: MATLAB 7.6	

Achievement and Extra Curricular Activities:-			

· Volleyball state level 2nd price, basketball state level runner up price. 
· NSS Camp co-coordinator. 
· Worked as coordinator of News Letter and adv. 
· Coordinator of Marathi Committee of College Magazine "OYESTER'13" which got 1st prize in Pune University. 
· International conference 2014 at indapur.
· Participated in many National Level technical paper presentation & project exhibition 
· 1ST prize in techno quiz in state level event spirit. 

OBJECTIVE			

Fathers Name 	   	:    Pradeep Kale
Date of Birth	 	:    6th June, 1991.
Gender		:    Female
Languages known	:    English, Hindi & Marathi.
Permanent Address    :   Flat No-11 A-wing, sr.no-84/13, Siddhivinyak complex, 
     Shivne, NDA road, Pune-411023 

Declaration:-			

I hereby declare that above furnished particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place:											
Date:										Sujata Pradeep Kale			
