











































RESUME

 (
RESUME
Shreya
 Mishra
An enthusiastic, hard working, and self motivated person looking for a position to start the career with a financial organization for mutual growth and benefit
2018
1/2018
)



 (
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Date of Birth     
8
th
 October’1991
Father’s Name  
Dr.Ram
 
Pramod
. Mishra
Mother’s Name
Mrs. 
Urmila
 Mishra
Nationality 
Indian
Status
Single
Contact Address: 
Shreya
 Mishra
D/o Dr. R.P. Mishra
ELDECO UDYAN –II House No. 210, 
 
Raebarielly
 Road
Lucknow
 -226014.
Contact No: 9415346316
)Curriculum Vitae

Shreya Mishra
Contact: 9415346316
E mail Id: shreyampgi810@gmail.com

Career Objective
An enthusiastic, hardworking, and self-motivated person looking for a position to start the career with a financial organization for mutual growth and benefit.

Basic Academic Credentials
- Commerce graduate from Lucknow University in year 2012
-Higher secondary passed with first class from CBSE board in year 2009
-High school passed with first class division from CBSE board in year 2007

Professional Academic Credential

· Company Secretary Professional Level (Two Groups Cleared).
· Completed MBA from SMU (Sikkim Manipal University) in        
             Finance in year 2014.

Certification course

· Ms Office 2003, 2007.

Internship 

      Completed 15 months internship under Amit Gupta & Associates. 
      During the internship period deputed in Radhey Krishna group of   
      companies and handled the following:

· Secretarial work regarding preparation of resolutions, minutes of general meetings and board meetings etc.

· Maintain register and records as per companies’ act 2013.

· Dealt with shift in registered office



· Incorporation of companies, transfer of shares, annual filing of  balance sheet and annual returns.

Trainings


· Computer training program conducted by Institute of Company Secretaries of India and organized by APTEC on Understanding Information Technology in the environment


Workshop Attended

Attended Professional Development Programme organized by Institute of Company Secretaries of India on Contentious Issues in Corporate Laws”

Attended two days conference organized by Institute of Company Secretaries of India on “Corporate Governance in the context of Changing Business Dynamics held at Ram Manohar Lohiya National Law University

Completed 8 Days Executive Development Programme organized by Institute of Company Secretaries of India

Completed 7 Days Induction Programme organized by Institute of Company Secretaries of India.


Key skills

· Highly enthusiastic..
· Quick learner.
· Disciplined.
· Devoted towards work.

DECLARATION
 
I hereby declare that the information provided here in is true, complete and correct to the best of my knowledge and   belief.
Date: 
Place: Lucknow.
                                                                                                                ( Shreya Mishra )
