














































CURRICULUM VITAE 
 

PRAVIN GANGADHAR ZALTE  
 

1, Omkar Society, Singh Estate, Road No.0,  Samata Nagar, KANDIVALI (E)-400101 

Contact:  +91 8369492987, +91 9833062032 

Email Id: zaltepravin443@gmail.com 

 

PROFILE OVERVIEW  

• Dynamic professional with approx. 3 years of work experience in banking industry.  

• Knowledge and expertise in General Banking and Trade Finance Products.  

• Effective Interpersonal skills to co-ordinate and participate in team environment and achieve 

organizational goal 

 

Work Experience-  

 

Worked as an Assistant Manager in                                                                                                                                                                                                  

INDUSIND BANK LIMITED from 07th June 2017 to 20th April 2018 

Designation: Assistant Manager                                                                                                                                                                                                  

The Key Responsibilities 

 

 Export Collection Product 

   

 Making of Export Collection Product - Dispatch, No Dispatch Bills product and Under LC 

Dispatch. 

 Scrutiny of Export Collection Bills, Export Lodgment and CM-Bills, Negotiation of -

Documents under Exports L/C. 

 Making of Dispatch, No Dispatch, under LC Lodgment and LC Advising. 

 Handling LC advising Pan India for client and Non client. 

 Taking two Run Session for LC’s and acting on those swift messages. 

 Handling LC Discounting and Payments for client and Non client. 

 Managing Team of LC advising and making of LC. 

 Checking client AML whether is Red list or Green list. 

 Post receiving original documents from client, scan the document and raised the batch for 

document check unit. 

 Once the discrepancy raised by documents check unit we sent to RM and RM get some 

approval from client than we send the documents to Issuing Bank.  

 Handling Overseas Bank through Swift MT734, MT742, MT752, MT754, MT756, MT799, 

MT999, MT202 for Export documents. 



 End to end process of LC advising including swift, Country Exposure, Limit set up, 

Discounting and Payments. 

      

 Worked in T & M Services Consulting Pvt Ltd (Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd in: Trade Finance) 

Tenure: 10th August 2015 to 05th November 2016. 

The Key Responsibilities 

 

 Export Collection Product 

           

 Making of Export Collection Product -  Dispatch and No  Dispatch  Bills  Product  

 Making Bulk of Goods Release product 

 Liquidation of Dispatch, No Dispatch  and GR Products 

 Responding to regulatory queries/reporting requirements 

 Ensuring Compliance with all regulations applicable to Exports company 

 Check all documents received from bank’s customers, from third bank or from Mid Office 

and investigate any mismatching and to clarify any missing details as the respective product 

to be processed according to internal procedures 

 Process clean and documentary collections received from bank customers and from other 

banks     

 Managing  team  of  LC advising and  making  of  LC 

 Handling LC advising  Pan India for  client and  non-client 

 Providing guidance to others for processing the transaction   

 Identifying the resources available  and  training them  for  all  the Product 

 

 
 Worked in Standard Charted Bank for 6 months as an Executive in Credit Card and Personal Loan 

department from 1st August 2012 to 31st January 2013. 

 

The Key Responsibilities 

 

Worked in Credit Card and Personal Loan Department for scanning KYC Forms and approvals of 

emails and making MIS reports in daily basis  

 

 Worked in IBPS (Institute Of Banking and Personnel Selection) for 6 months as a clerk from 
1stAugust 2011 to 31stJanuary 2012  

 

 The Key Responsibilities 

 

             Checking the answer sheet and verifying it, maintaining documents, making of MIS   
             report and handover to head of the department.                              

 

 

 



Professional Qualification:  

 

Academic Qualification:  

 

T.Y.B.Com from Mumbai University in year 2010-2011 with (48.57%) 

H.S.C. from Maharashtra (Mumbai) Board in year 2007-2008 with (52.84%) 

S.S.C. from Maharashtra (Mumbai) Board in year 2005-2006 with (45.44%) 

 

STRENGTHS 

Always Positive & Optimistic, Confident, Attitude for excellence, Believing in TEAM WORK. 

 

EXCELLENCE  AWARDS 

Received TWO Certificate of  INSTA-ACHIVERS. 

Process for Export Lodgment transactions within TAT of 2 hours for which branch appreciated my 

performance. 

 

• Skills & Expertise 

• Leadership, Quick learner, innovative, solving problems, Taking responsibilities. 

 

IT Credentials:  

• “COMPUTER BASIC” (Microsoft Office). 

•  BANKING SYSTEM KNOWN : Finacle ; Kraman ; Trade flow ; Trade manager ,  Tradepro, 

Tradework. 

•  Office  Management Tools :  MS-CIT, Tally ERP 9 

 

Beyond Curriculum: 

Dancing, Listening Music, Travelling  

 

Personal Dossier: 

Address        : 1, Omkar society, Singh Estate, Road No 0, Samata Nagar, KANDIVALI (E)-101 

Date of Birth            : 18TH April 1989 

Marital Status         : Single 

Nationality        : Indian 

Languages Known   : English, Hindi, Marathi and Gujarati  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



I present my resume as a step in exploring the possibilities of the employment with your esteemed 

organization. I also declare that all the above information is true to the best of my knowledge. 

 

 

 

 

Date: 

Place: Mumbai                      

                                                                    _______________________ 

                                                                                                                  (Pravin Zalte ) 


