

















































MAUMITA NANDI

Contact:+91-9883903154

E-mail:maumita.fiem@gmail.com

Kolkata-700075

Experience Summary

· Dynamic and result oriented professional with 4 years and 5 months of experience in Java, and J2EE. 

· Profound knowledge of Java/J2EE, web services and development of service oriented applications with sound knowledge of understanding of object oriented design and programming. 

· Good understanding of SDLC lifecycle of the project involving Design, Development, Testing and Implementation of the Project. 

· Have working experience in an Agile development environment. 

· Possess good interpersonal and communication skills that have been put to good use while interacting with clients. 

· Good team player to facilitate seamless execution of projects. 

· Strong Analytical, Problem Solving and Debugging skills. 

Technical Skills

Programming	Java , JSP, SQL

Scripting Languages	JQuery, JavaScript

Application Servers	Weblogic, Tomcat

RDBMS/DBMS:	Oracle, MySQL

Operating Systems        Windows 7, XP

Building Tools                Apache Maven

Frameworks	Spring , log4j

IDE	Eclipse , Netbeans, SQL Developer

Application Tools:	Soap UI, WinMerge, Notepad++, SVN



Professional Career

	Sl. No.
	Name Of The Organization
	Designation
	From
	To

	1
	Cognizant Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd
	Associate
	23rd May,2013
	Present






Page 1 of 4



Relevant Project Experience


Organization: Cognizant Technology Solutions


1Title: RCI Application Development for Wyndham Exchange & Rentals


Duration:	April 2015 – Till Date

Architecture:	Enterprise-wide, Web enabled, Java based, N-tier architecture developed using J2EE

Architecture designed on the base of MVC architectural design pattern along with

Service Oriented Architecture (SOA).

Technology:	Spring, JSP, Servlets, Oracle Data Source, SOA, Web Services, OSB, Oracle


Tools	Eclipse, Oracle Weblogic 11g, SQL Developer, Putty

Role	Developer


Description:

Wyndham Worldwide is the holding company for Wyndham Hotels & Resorts, Group RCI and other lodging brands. As the worldwide leader in vacation exchange and the world's largest full-service vacation rental business, Wyndham Exchange and Rentals helps to deliver vacations to worldwide. RCI has its application for both Weeks and Points members, who can deposit and exchange their vacations. Along with business to consumer applications RCI has its business to business applications where RCI vendors can create Participant agreement and can book inventories for their own customers.

Responsibilities:

· Understanding the requirements at granular level. 

· Preparing the Design documents (LLD and HLD). 

· Coding using proper standard and peer to peer review. 

· Using SONAR to ensure the code compliance. 

· Report team progress and decisions made to concerned groups. 

· Onshore-Offshore co-ordination 

· Prepare reports and maintain records of work accomplishments and administrative information, as required. 

· As one of the team members, maintain existing modules & implement new business logic for fixing Testing defects as well as for enhancements 









Page 2 of 4


2Title: GTO


Duration:	December 2013 – March 2015

Architecture:	Java based application developed using J2EE.

Technology:	JSP, Servlets, Oracle Data Source, Hibernate, SOA

Tools	Eclipse, Oracle Weblogic 11g, SQL Developer, JDeveloper

Role	Developer

Description:

GTO stands for Global Technology Office, a technological department, where applications are developed, from scratch, to automate the day to day manual process. Requirements and application specifications were provided by CTS Business Unit, to our team. Based on the requirement gatherings our application was developed.

Responsibilities:

· Coding maintaining java conventions. 



· As one of the team members, maintain existing modules & implement new business logic for development as well as for enhancements. 

 
Education

	Degree with Branch
	College/University
	Year of Passing
	

	B.Tech  in Information Technology.
	Future Institute Of Engineering And Management
	2012
	

	
	
	
	

	
	WBUT
	
	

	Higher Secondary
	CBSE
	2008
	

	
	
	
	

	Secondary
	CBSE
	2005
	

	
	
	
	






Awards & Achievements

· Runner-up in T&H Hackathon. 

	
	Have been awarded with
	Spot-recognition
	Award in 4 different quarters.



· Have completed the graduation (correspondence course) in painting, from Rabindra Bharati University.




















Page 4 of 4
