
















































Curriculum Vitae

KULKARNI NIRANJAN LAXMAN                                 


Plot no. 28, Shree Samarth Kripa,

Samarth Nagar, Dhankawdi,







Pune 411043

Maharashtra,                                                                                      

India.

E-Mail: niranjank351@gmail.com

Tel. No.: 08087992235/ 020-24379309

Objective


To secure a job in the industry where I can utilize my knowledge to the fullest for the organization’s growth. 

	Educational Qualifications 


	Educational Qualification
	Specialization
	Board/University
	Marks in Percentage
	Year of Passing

	M.Sc.
	Statistics
	Pune University
	47
	2011

	B.Sc.
	Statistics
	Pune University
	65.25
	2008

	H.S.C.
	-
	Maharashtra 
	58.5
	2005

	S.S.C
	-
	Maharashtra 
	62.8
	2003


	Professional Strengths at a Glance 


· Confident 

· Structured 

· Fast Learner 

· Deadline supported work capacity 

· Skills to cool under pressure 

· Projected goal orientation 

· Analytical in nature 

· Accuracy 

· Meticulous characteristics 

· Hard-working 

	Employment Details


Currently working with Techknit IT Enabled Solutions Pvt. Ltd. as an e-Structor. 

I am responsible for
· Providing a quality instructional study program for undergraduate students online for Statistics and Mathematics anywhere in the world. 

· Providing different methods or complete solution to the similar question to the offline question posted by students to develop their knowledge of the subject.

	Computer Literacy 


Basic knowledge of computer Hardware, Software, Internet

Introduction to C programming, Minitab, Matlab and R software

Working knowledge of MS-OFFICE

Project Work (M.Sc.)

Successfully completed a project on “Analysis of Bioequivalence and Bioavailability of drugs.” The project was done using 2X2 crossover design which includes calculation of pharmacokinetic parameters and testing the hypotheses about the various effects to conclude bioequivalence and bioavailability.    

Project Work (B.Sc.)
Successfully completed a Project on “Study of Production Process of Automobile Parts Made by Injection Molding” in a production based organization in Pune. The project was done using control charts and the capability study.

Extra Curricular Activities

Participated  in presentation competition  for  B.Sc. project at Pune University and received  special prize for project from the Dept. of Statistics, S.P.College, Pune.

Selected to attend  a three day national seminar on “Industrial Statistics” organized by  North Maharashtra University, Jalgaon.

Personal Details

· Date of Birth : 21st Dec. 1987
· Marital Status : Unmarried

· Hobbies : Playing Guitar, Sports, Listening Music, Travelling.

 Declaration
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

References shall be provided upon demand
Date:                                                                                    

Place:              






                   Niranjan L. Kulkarni
