

























 
Vaishnavi T V Phone: +91 9962072991 

Email:​vasuvaishnavi275@gmail.com 
 

 
 
 

OBJECTIVE 
 

 

Intend to develop my career with leading corporate to explore and devote my fullest capabilities and potentials for the                   
growth of the organization using problem solving skills and qualities gained through my experience. 

 
WORK EXPERIENCE  -   4.5yrs  
 
Organization: Capgemini - Chennai Duration: Oct 2013 ​ Till now 

 
Client Description​: Leading Agribusiness Company, a Leader in Crop Protection and Ranks Third in the               
High-value Commercial Seeds Market. This portfolio deals with Master Data code creation for seeds              
production at EAME region. 
 
Designation: Senior Associate ​ Supply Chain Management 
Duration:Oct 2013 to till now 

  
 Key Responsibilities in Material Master 

 
➢ Responsible for Creation & Maintenance of Supply Chain Master Data in Workflow Tool​ EAME Region ​                

MM, BOM, MR, PV, Simulation costing run, Cross referencing tables, Transfer pricing, Info record,              
Source list. 

➢ Good Understanding of Material Masters which includes, Code generation, Alt UOM calculation &             
maintenance, MRP, Storage Location, Warehouse, Accounting, Costing, Basic data, Classification and           
Quality views. 

➢ Responsible of identification of requests and assigning it to team member using Share point 

➢ Provide assistance for team members during SOP / DTP changes 

➢ Preparing WOW for new process and activity. 

➢ Analyzing and resolving SCM Material Master issues, which blocks business activities like Process             
Orders, Purchase Orders, Sales Orders, Invoicing and Costing. 

➢ Supporting half yearly Budget activities to release right Standard Cost for materials. 

➢ Responsible for creation and Maintenance of Gross and Net Weight, Languages, Sales texts, Storage              
Location, Warehouse, Purchasing groups, classification data, BUOM, info record details. 

➢ Being one point of contact for Crop and Attending weekly Follow-up meeting with onshore clients. 

➢ Ensuring Master Data quality by monthly check on MM, BOM, MR, IP and PV 

➢ Circulating daily report on work assignment and status and weekly reports on Pending request for               
onshore. 

➢ Transfer Price changes and maintenance for the Inter company vendor material. 

➢ Check and to maintain SAP Workflow back end tables for creation for BOM. 

 
 
 
 

 



 
Key Responsibilities in Output Quality Assurance: 
 
➢ Post validation on processed request before sending it to client for closure. 

➢ Circulate quality report across all regions on daily basis. 

➢ Ensure 100% accuracy on the data composed by our processor. 

 
CAPABILITES 

 
➢ Ability to ​undertake new processes and projects and accomplish challenging goals. 

➢ Experienced in SAP Portal. 

➢ In-depth knowledge in Supply Chain related activities.  

➢ Flexible to work 24 × 7. 

➢ Organizing and planning skills. 

➢ Good in Communication. 

➢ Contributing for continuous proce​ss improvement. 

 
PROJECTS HANDLED 
 

➢ Successfully completed ​Budget2014 and 2015​ activity prior with in targeted period. 

➢ Successfully handled ​Retirement​ and ​Reactivation​ projects. 

 
KEY ACHIEVEMENTS 

 

➢ Honored with Master blaster award for the quarter in 2015 

➢ Honored with Spot award for the month of Feb in 2014 and also in July 2015. 

 
IT FORTE 
 

➢ SAP MDM, SAP Import Manager 

➢ SAP Workflow 

➢ MS Of​fice (Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook, Access) 

 

 
EDUCATION 
 
Loyolla college (Corres)                                                       70% (2013-2015)  
MBA (Finanace)  
Meenakshi college for women                 85% (2010-2013)  
Boardof Examination                                           90% (2008-2010)  
G.K.Shetty Hindu Vidyalaya    
Secondary Board of Examination                                        75%(2007-2008) 

 



 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 
Gender   - Female 

Nationality  - Indian 

Marital Status.                 - Single  

Languages Known  - Tamil, English ( Write & Speak) 

DOB  - 26/01/1993 

Residence  -​  No. 91/B New Secretariat colony,  
    3​rd​ street velachery, Chennai ​ 600042. 

 
 
Declaration 
 
I hereby declare that the above details are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
 
 
 
  

Yours Sincerely,  

(Vaishnavi T V) 

 

 


