





















































 

                                      SAJOSH MP
12/1, Nandish Villa
sajoshmp@yahoo.com
Nagaraj L/o, RT Nagar


Bangalore-032 
PH: 7259703760

 
Professional Objective 

To associate myself with growing organizations and contribute efficiently with the help of my acquired Skills in the past, at the same time improve & sharpen skills and excel in the field of emerging Technologies in IT industry.

Experience Summary:

            3 + years of experience in IT field as a Desktop Support engineer with good knowledge in Windows client/server technology.

Professional Expertise

Position Held:
              Desktop Support Engineer


 At Client Virtusa 
                                               (British Telecom)


 From Choice-Solution Pvt.Ltd.                                                  
Period:
              Dec2010     - To Till date

Job Responsibilities
· ID Creation- Windows login ID  creation for new joiners 

· Installing and troubleshooting the Operating Systems
· Configuring & Trouble shooting of MS Outlook & Outlook express.

· PC’s Installation, upgrading and maintenance
· Configuring DHCP and DFS 

· Configuring VPN Client software
· Installing and troubleshooting Citrix client
· Registering and updating the Anti-Virus (McAfee) in all Desktops/ Laptops. 
· Application Installation and troubleshooting.
· Coordination with the vendors for Hardware / Software / Network problems.
· Installing, administrating and maintenance of Printers and Scanners 
· Worked on Features like Remote Administration, Remote Desktop, Remote Assistance and Disk Imaging etc.
· Configuring and troubleshooting the Blackberry 

· Worked experience in Ticketing Tool 
Position Held:
             Desktop Support Engineer


At Xplorer IT Solutions 
Period:
             August 2008 to Nov 2010
Job Responsibilities

· Installation and Troubleshooting of Client OS like Windows 2000 and XP Professional

· Installation, Configuring & Administration Windows 2000 and 2003 Server.

· Application Installation and troubleshooting.
· Giving Support to customer calls like OS, Networking and Hardware etc
·  Configuring & Trouble shooting of MS Outlook & Outlook express.
·  Configuring and updating Antivirus (Symantec End point Protection)
· Installing and troubleshooting Network printers
· Worked on Features like Remote Administration, Remote Desktop, Remote Assistance and Disk Imaging etc.

· Coordination with the vendors for Hardware / Software / Network problems.
   Professional Profile
                 MCSE

                 CCNA
   Educational Qualification
            B.com (Calicut University)

            Higher Secondary Education (Board of Higher Secondary Education)
  Personal Details: 

Date of Birth


:  
19 Nov 1987



Sex



:  
Male.



Nationality


:
Indian.




Languages Known 

:  
English, Hindi, Tamil, and Malayalam.


  Hobbies:


Very much interested in Music, traveling, Computers and Internet 

  Declaration


I hereby declare that the above-furnished information is correct and true to the best of my knowledge. I always satisfied my superiors, of areas that I worked. That always keeps my confident high at position to take the challenges. 

 Sajosh.mp

