










































RESUME


	


	VELKUMAR  M                                                      Talend & SQL Developer


Mobile:       +91-7899304169

                 Address:Flat No: 120, 

                                                                              Nisarga keerthana apartment,

                                                                              Hosur main road,






                Chandapura,







                Bangalore-560099
Email: 
 svm.velkumar@gmail.com 

 
	Professional Summary:


· Overall 2.3 years of experience in Requirement gathering, Analysis, Development of Talend Open Studio DI jobs, stored procedures, Functional testing, ETL unit testing and Data warehousing concepts.
· Experience in working on loading data from/to Flat file, Xml, Excel, JSON, Positional, etc., source/destination applying required transformations.
· Migrated SSIS packages to Talend.
· Developed projects using Talend ETL and Netezza.
· Aware of Agile values and principles.
· Excellent oral and good presentation skills.
	Work Experience:


	Present Employer
	Working as Talend Developer with TCS under the pay roll of crown solutions Bangalore since 12.12.2016 to till date.

	Previous Employer
	Worked as a Software Engineer in Mpower Softcomm Pvt Ltd Bangalore. (24th March 2015 to 21st Oct 2016).


	

	Skills:


	Languages
	Sql, T-SQL, Java

	ETL tool
	Talend Open Studio

	Database
	Netezza ,MySQL, SQL Server 2008


	Project Details 


	Project 1
	Netsight

	Client 


	Nielsen, USA

	Project Description
	Netsight project is measuring the browsing history of a panelist. This collects the viewer’s data from the browser history and provide the details of the program viewed by the panelist.

	Technologies Used


	T-SQL, Netezza, Talend

	Roles and Responsibilities
                             
	Understand business requirement.

Write technical specification document for the requirements 

Design in Talend tool as per the requirements
Develop code as per design 

Create  re-usable/system design documents as a reference for new team members

Reporting the status to the Product Owner in daily Scrum
Being Agile.


	Project 2
	Oxigen Wallet

	Client 


	Oxigen Services India Pvt. Ltd

	Project Description
	Using Oxigen Wallet, customer can instantly send money to any mobile number or bank account in India, even if the recipient is not a registered Oxigen Wallet user.

Oxigen Wallet services include money transfer/ Mobile/DTH/Data Recharges, Postpaid, Utility bill payments and Gift Cards for over 60+ brands. Customers also earn loyalty points that can be redeemed as cash into the wallet or as PayBack points. 



	Technologies Used
	T-SQL, Microsoft SQL Server, Talend



	Roles and Responsibilities
                             
	Analyzing different user requirements and coming up with specifications for the various database applications
Created SQL Tables, Views, Constrains and managed performance and tuning of SQL queries and fixed the slow running queries in production with utilities like Explain, Trace, and Stored Outlines. 
Monitored the performance of the database and checked on the execution time 
Developed various SQL servers and ensured that they were properly maintained and supported 
Experience in ETL processes involving migrations and in sync processes between two databases.
Transformed data from one server to other servers using talend ETL tool. 




	Academics:


	Degree\ Diploma
	Institution
	Board \University
	Year
	Aggregate

	M.E Computer Science & Engineering
	Sri Ramanujar Engineering college
	   Anna University

	2014
	6.7 (CGPA)

	B.E Computer Science & Engineering


	K.S.R College of

Engineering


	Anna University
	2012
	7.1(CGPA)

	DIPLOMA(Computer Engineering)
	Annai J.K.K Sampoorani

Ammal Polytechnic College


	Anna University
	2009
	77.54%


	Personal Details:


	Name
Father’s Name
	Velkumar M
Mariappan V

	Date of Birth
	05th  May, 1990

	Sex
	Male

	PAN
	AOZPV5654E

	Marital Status
	Single

	Languages known
	Tamil and English.


Place: Bangalore                                                                            
 Velkumar M
Date: 
Page 1 of 4

