














































 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  

1 

 

  

Curriculum Vitae 
Mr. Tathagata Chaki 

 
 

Name Tathagata Chaki 

Designation Consultant 
Birth Date 05th June 1988 
Residence Kolkata 

Nationality Indian 
Martial Status Married 
Gender Male 

Passport Details Number              J1024296  
 Issue Date         26/11/2010  
 Expiration Date  25/11/2020  

 Country              India  
 
                                                     

I am currently working as a consultant for the SAP Net Weaver Portal. I have 6+ 
Years of experience in SAP BI 7.3, SAP 7.4 (HANA), SAP BPC, BW-IP, and 
ABAP and have strong knowledge in various SAP modules like SD, FI and MM.I 

have wide range of experience in support, implementation projects which consist 
of data extraction, modeling (BW and HANA) and reporting.   
 

I posses an Enthusiastic problem solving ability, Leadership, Communication 
skills, Crisis Management, Team consensus and motivation, Operations 
Management, Ability to get the job done and also to find the smartest way in 

finding a solution towards a given problem. I am looking forward to work in a 
challenging environment to best utilize my skills.  

 

                                           
 

ERP 

Reporting Tool 

SAP R/3, ECC 6.0 

Business Objects X13.1, BEx Analyzer, 
Query Designer, Analysis, Web 
Application Designer 

 

Functional Skills SAP SD,MM,FI 

Data Warehousing SAP BI 7.3, HANA, BW-IP 
Programming  
Others  
 

Tool                                                                                       

ABAP, C 
MS word, MS Excel, Power Point 
 

Eclipse (HANA), AFO (Analysis for 
Office), BPC 
 

Personal Details   . 

Profile   . 

Competencies   . 



 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

2 

 

Mr. Tathagata Chaki 

 

Curriculum Vitae 

 
  

SAP BI 7.3 (Techno-functional), SAP BI 7.4 (HANA), BW-IP, and BPC.  

 
 

  Speak  Read  Write 

Bengali Native Language  Native language  Native language 

Hindi  Fluent  Fluent  Fluent 

English  Fluent  Fluent  Fluent 

 
 

 

Organization Name    Duration  Location 

Capgemini India Sep’14 – Till date Kolkata 

KPIT Technologies Limited  

(KPIT Cummins)  May’13 – June’14 

Bangalore 

HCL Technologies Limited  Sep’10 – Mar’13 Bangalore 

 

Domain Experience… 

Languages   . 

Employment Details   . 



 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

3 

 

Mr. Tathagata Chaki 

 

Curriculum Vitae 

 
 

                                        

22-04-2015 Organization Capgemini   

To Till Date Project Name NATS 
 Client NATS ( National Air Traffic Services ) 

 Role Consultant   

 

Roles performed  Prepared Technical specification and functional 
specification for Change requests (CR).  

 Worked on creation of composite provider and 
generation of reports.  

 Heavily worked on resolving query related issues.  

 Created Calculated Key figure (CKF) and Restricted 

Key figure (RKF) for different reports.  

 Created different type of variable for reports.  

 Designed Advance DSO. 

 Resolved BI related service requests and incidents 

single handedly.  

 Have hands on experience on resolving BPC related 
issues. 

 Worked on BW – IP related changes. 

 Have good experience on creation of aggregation level, 
planning filters, planning sequence. 

 Involved in creation of process chains. 

 Involved in month end and month end activities.  

 Resolved process chain related issues and made sure 
all data are available for reporting before UK business 
hour. 

 Worked on AFO template, which involves creation of 
AFO template from a BEX query, writing variable for 
template.  

 Single handedly worked high priority tickets like P1 and 
P2.  

 Technology used in 
project 

SAP BI 7.3, HANA, BPC, BW-IP, ABAP 

 

Description NATS Ltd. (formerly National Air Traffic Services Ltd.) is the 
leading air navigation service provider in the United Kingdom. It 

provides en-route air traffic control services to flights within the 
UK Flight Information Regions and the Swanwick Oceanic 
Control Area, and provides air traffic control services to fifteen 

UK airports and Gibraltar Airport. 
 
As a part of AM team, our responsibility includes providing 2nd 

and 3rd line of support. Whereas NATS helpdesk supports 1st 
line of supports.  All call is logged in Service Now, Remedy 
(September onwards). These logged tickets are checked, 

validated, and assigned to AM Team for analysis and 
resolution.  
 

 

22-04-2014 Organization Capgemini   

Experience in Capgemini, Kolkata 



 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

4 

 

Mr. Tathagata Chaki 

 

Curriculum Vitae 

To 13-02-2015 Project Name Perpetual Inventory Management 
 Client Brookshire 

 Role Consultant   

 

Roles performed  Prepared Technical specification from functional 
specification. 

  Raised issue logs, provided estimation for 
development, and testing. 

 Worked extensively on Open Hub Destination (OHD). 

 Created cubes and designed dimensions. 

 Designed multi providers, DSO. 

 Hands on experience in queries.  

 Created APD to read data from a query and put the 

data into a direct object DSO. 

 Flat file extraction.  

 Solved transport related issues.    

 Solved extraction related issues.  

 Prepared test cases. 

 Involved in activities like monitoring, the loads, fix the 
loads under defined SLA.   

 Maintained a very good relation with the customers and 

providing quality solution within SLA.  

 Technology used in 
project 

SAP BI 7.3, ABAP 

 

Description Perpetual Inventory (PI) & Order Proposal is a project designed 
to improve retail operations by implementing NCR/Retalix 

software and integrating this software with existing systems of 
record. This project is designed to decreasing out of stocks, 
increasing efficiencies and visibility to store-level inventory 

management, reducing, shrink, and most importantly, 
increasing profit from sales.   
Store Perpetual Inventory provides a highly detailed view of 

changes in inventory and allows near real-time reporting of the 
amount of inventory in stock. 
Order Proposal Software allows for the prediction of how much 

to reorder, and the placement of that order automatically 
through management approval. 

 
  



 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

5 

 

Mr. Tathagata Chaki 

 

Curriculum Vitae 

 
 

 

02-05-2013 Organization KPIT Technologies Limited (KPIT Cummins)  

To 09-06-2014 Project Name Renesas Technologies  
 Client Renesas Technologies 

 Role Senior Software Engineer  

 

Roles performed  Involved in creating and maintaining Info Cubes, DSO, 
PSA, Multi providers, Data sources and info packages 

and extracted SD data. (Data sources like 
2LIS_11_VAHDR, 2LIS_11_VAITM, 2LIS_11_VASCL) 
of SAP R/3 into SAP BW using LO Cockpit (LBWE) 

extraction.    

 Involved in setup and monitored collective run jobs for 
SD module and LO cockpit.  

 Complete automation of all BI Daily, Weekly and 
monthly loads using process chains.  

 Involved in performing product support activities like 
ticket analysis report. 

 Involved in creating report using BEx analyzer.  

 Maintaining reconciliation to verify the data in SAP R/3 
and SAP BI are same or not after the data load.  

 Involved in creating weekly and monthly report.  

 Have designed report in WAD.   

 Technology used in 
project 

SAP BI 7.3 

 

Description Renesas Technologies is a Japanese semiconductor company 
manufacturer. It has manufacturing, design and sales 

operations in around 20 countries. Renesas is one of the 
world's largest manufacturers of semiconductor systems for 
phones and automotive applications. The project is to provide 

development and production Support for its BI implementation. 
BI Technical Services is the most crucial part of the Renesas 
Technologies as we are the team from KPIT dealing with the BI 

development and production support activities. We are 
responsible for managing all the Portfolios like SD, MM and all 
other systems depending on it.  

 

 
 

01-09-2011 Organization HCL Technologies Limited   

To 08-03-2013 Project Name Value Stream Optimization (VSO) Project 
 Client Fonterra, New Zealand 

 Role Software Engineer  

Experience prior to KPIT Technologies Limited, Bangalore 

Experience prior to HCL Technologies Limited, Bangalore 



 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

6 

 

Mr. Tathagata Chaki 

 

Curriculum Vitae 

 

Roles performed  Designed and developed Info Objects, Info cubes, 
DSO, Multi provider, transformation and DTP. 

 Created info package for scheduling the data load 
process with full load and delta update mode. 

 Expert in data extraction from R/3 utilizing LO Cockpit.  

  Installed business content for purchasing sales over 
view, designed, and activated the same based on user 
need.  

 Extensively worked on data source enhancement 

generic extraction through table, view and appended 
the data source structure to include new fields. 

 Monitoring process chain.  

 Involved in solving APD related issues.  

 Technology used in 
project 

SAP BI 7.0 

 

Description Fonterra is the world’s second largest dairy exporter. Fonterra’s 
main products are Milk and other dairy products. Fonterra 

export high quality products to more than 100 countries around 
the globe. VSO (Value Stream Optimization) Project was a 
transformation project. It had the scope for modification in 

configuration of existing functionalities of Demand Planning 
area, which was arisen from the changes made in the other 
planning modules. 

 

01-09-2010 Organization HCL Technologies Limited   

To 08-06-2011 Project Name CERPS Upgrade Project: 
 Client Glaxo SmithKline UK 

 Role Software Engineer  

 

Roles performed  Conducted analysis of the requirement – technical.  

  Monitoring and debugging daily loads, master and 

transaction data. 

 Involved in managing performance issues. 

 Analyze transport error and correcting them. 

 Hands on experience in queries.  

 Handled tickets in remedy and updated ticket status 
without fails.   

 Technology used in 
project 

SAP BI 7.0 

 

Description 
GSK has embarked on a program of work simplify and 
standardize the way finance processes are operated globally. 
To enable this change a new SAP system (“the Application”) is 

being designed. 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 

 



 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

7 

 

Mr. Tathagata Chaki 

 

Curriculum Vitae 

 
 

1. Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communication department, Acharya 

Institute of Technology, Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum with 
68% in the year of 2010.  
 

 
 

1. 2nd place in in Quiz: District science awareness by government of west 

Bengal.  
2. Participation in ALPHA BANGLA PENTATHLON, Inter school competition, 

TV Show. 

3. 3rd place (Bronze medal, TABLA): ALL INDIA TALENT SEARCH 
COMPITION.  

 

 
 

Permanent Address S/O Dr. Jitesh Chandra Chaki 

Uttar Chirail Para, Kaliyaganj 
Dist.: Uttar Dinajpur, W.B 
Pin 733129 

  
  
Residential Address Tathagata Chaki 

Uttara Housing Complex 
Rajarhat, Newtown 
Kolkata 

Pin 700156 
  

 
Mobile +91 8420972222 
Corporate Email Tathagata.sapbi@gmail.com 

 

 

Education   . 

Contact Details    . 

Achievement   . 

mailto:Tathagata.sapbi@gmail.com

