












































Srinidhi G

15, Nagappan Street Jafferkhanpet,
Chennai – 600 083
deepikajhansi122@gmail.com
Cell: +91-99-621-68809
Deepika Mohan    









Profile
· A professional with 1+ years of experience in Software Development with exposure to Telecom Domain.

· Technical background in Java, J2EE, SQL, HTML5, JavaScript, Angular.
· Working experience as Application Developer in API Development & Delivery process.
· Extensive experience with analysis, design, development, customizations and implementation of software applications including ERP applications. 
· Proficient in analyzing and translating business requirements to technical requirements and architecture.

· Good database skills, Object Oriented Programming and development knowledge

· Good communication skills, interpersonal skills, self-motivated, quick learner, team player.

Skill Set

Programming Languages: 
JAVA \J2EE
J2EE Technologies\Frameworks:
JSP, Servlets, Basics of Microservice.
Markup\Scripting Languages: 
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Angular (1 & 2), Bootstrap,
                                                          Typescript, NodeJs.
Application\Web Server: 
Apache Tomcat, Oracle Web Logic
IDE: 
Eclipse

Cloud (PaaS): 



IBM Blue Mix
Database: 




Oracle, MongoDB
Version Control Tool: 


SVN, Jenkins
Development Methodology:

Waterfall, Agile – Scrum
Education:  


· B.E Computer Science (2010-2014) at Vel Tech High Tech Dr.Rangarajan Dr.Sakunthala Engineering College, Chennai.
Professional Experience
June 2016 – Till date,
 Application Developer, IBM India Pvt Ltd (Payroll: ExperisIT Pvt Ltd, Chennai, India)
Account: AT & T
Project: Scope 
Role: Application Developer
Type:  API development

Module/Application Handled: Scope (Service configuration and Process Engine)
Description: 

Scope is an existing application used for querying/creating a request for the access speed limits by the customers in a particular location for which potential API’s are identified and developed for the convenience of the internal & external users of AT&T.
Responsibilities and Achievements: 
· Involved in DA review calls, preparing request & response XSDS and necessary docs for development process & getting it reviewed.
· Providing the status of the development & delivery timelines to the higher level managers in US via weekly status calls

· Involved in code development in Java level – Working on defects and meeting the delivery timelines to System Testing, User acceptance testing & production Deployment on time.

· Maintaining the relevant trackers for the full cycle of API development till production and getting accreditations for the API certification & other processes involved within the company.

· Involved in integration development process of CSI platform API development.

Team Size: 5.

Environment: Web logic IDE, Eclipse
Achievement: 

· Presented paper on “Password Based Authentication Using Symmetric Two Server Model” in the International Conference.
· Participated and shared ideas in Ideathon Competition conducted by IBM.
Training (Certification):

· Completed Java training from NIIT.
· Completed Angular training from Manipal Institute of Technology.
References: Available upon request
Declaration:

                 I hereby assure that the above given details of me are true and corrected to my belief and best of my knowledge.

 Date: 







 Place:
Chennai

                                

   Deepika Mohan

1
2

