

























 
Curriculum Vitae 

SWARNALI DASGUPTA 
Address​: 495,R.N. Guha Road, Sumana Apartment, Dum Dum Nagerbazar, Kolkata-700028 

Mobile: (+91)9836650045 
Email: swar0612@gmail.com 

  
  

 

 
 

​Seeking a challenging career in teamwork-oriented environment, to get trained under the best minds and to                 
hone up my existing skills for continuous value addition to the organization​ . 

 
 

 

 

 

∙    ​Passed M.Com Examination from Calcutta University (C.U.) in 2014. 

∙    ​Passed Graduation B.Com (Hons.) Examination from Calcutta university in 2012. 
∙    ​Passed ISC Examination from St. Stephens School (Dum Dum) in 2009 
∙    ​Passed ICSE Examination from St. Stephens School ( Dum Dum) in 2007 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 

 

March 13​th​ 2015-Till Date 
 

● Currently working in GENPACT under R2R domain ( bank reconciliation ) 
● Responsible for preparing bank reconciliation statements on a monthly basis 
● Preparation of Journals and upload in Oracle during month end. Reconcile general ledger and              

subsidiary accounts 
● Clears outstanding reconciliation items for the current month and line items falling under aged              

bracket if any. 

 

 
 
 

 

Performing reconciliation for bank statement in retail reconciliation and postpay reconciliation. Compare two             
sets of records to ensure the figures are in agreement and are accurate by finding out the discrepancies if any                    
and make the correct entries. Analysis and adjustment of differences between the amount showing on a bank                 
statement and the amount showing in the customer’s account. Preparation of Journals and upload in Oracle                
during the month end to post the amount in correct general ledger account. 

 

 
 





 
 
 
 
 
 
 

● Received 3 bronze awards for Outstanding performance 
● Lean trained with lean star certified. 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 

                    ​     ​Received corporate etiquette certificate as awarded by Genpact on completion of training 

 

 

 
 

Conversant with MS-Office Applications (Word / Excel / PowerPoint). Visual Basic. 

Well versed with Email writing skills 

 

 

 
 
 

● Date of Birth: 06​th​ December, 1991. 
● Skills: Fast Learner, Positive attitude, Punctuality, Hard Working Capabilities. 
● Languages Known: English, Hindi, and Bengali. 
● Father’s Name:Mr Priyalal Dasgupta 
● Sex: Female. 
● Nationality: Indian. 
● Single/Married: Single. 

 
 
 
 
 

● Leisure: Listening Music, Painting, Reading Story Books, Dancing . 
● Sports:​ ​Badminton. 

 
 

 
 

I have an ability to learn quickly, apply what I learn efficiently and love for challenging work. I am                    
looking for an opportunity to be among the best so that I can work harder to reach my ultimate ambition                    
of being one of them. 

 

Place:Kolkata 

Date:30/04/2017 

 

SWARNALI DASGUPTA    

 





 

 




