













































Sharma R J


 

 

 

 I 

MOHANA SANKAR PANNEER SELVAN 

E-mail: mohanasankar@gmail.com 

 

Mobile No: 91-98942-92635/91-98840-39328 

 

 

SUMMARY: 

 

 Techno-functional consultant with over 10+ years of experience, specializing in order-
to-cash area(OTC) and its subareas such as order processing, order fulfillment, logistics 

execution, process automations with SAP-SD/WM/APO(GATP) & ABAP, interfaces 

on ECC6.0 and SCM servers.  

 Having overall process knowledge in supply chain Outbound and inbound areas and the 
ability to handle cross-functional requirements.  

 Diversified skills including project management and operations management. Versatile, 
flexible, consistent, quick and self-learner and efficient with proven skills. 

 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS & CERTIFICATIONS: 

 

 Graduated with Bachelor of Technology (Information Technology) and Masters in 

Business Administration (Operations and production management). 

 SAP-SD certified consultant with version C_TSCM62_65.  

 

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE: 

 

 Presently with TechMahindra Ltd., Since from Jul 2010 to till and assignments with 

MARS information services and BASF business services GmbH. 

 Previously with Tractors and Farm Equipment Limited (TAFE), Since from Sep 2006 

to June 2010, and the assignments were with Companies under amalgamation group. 

 

Roles & Responsibilities: 

 

 Techno-functional consultant involved in implementation, roll-outs, migration and 
support projects, new products developments. 

 Involved in requirements management including gathering, feasibility and gap analysis, 
design documents preparations, due-diligence, POCs, vendor management. 

 Have involved in preparation of blue-prints and system architecture. 
 Have worked with in-house projects, fixed-bid and T&M projects. 
 Extensively involved in six-sigma and CMMI level certification projects. 
 Have worked as both onsite and offshore coordinator with accountability and 

responsibility of deliverables and have dealt with multi-lingual clients in all regions. 

 Good in incident management, problem management areas, and Dev-ops areas. Hands-on 
with tools such as Service now (SNOW), JIRA(AGILE), etc. 

 Process improvements identifications and implementations. 
 Worked with quality systems and change management tools, knowledge management. 
 Having success stories as a backlog killer and played in L3/L2 support roles. 
 Ability to handle independently of any planned and unplanned outages. 
 Assertive, Coordinative and collaborative as part of team also with people management. 

 

Technical skillsets: 

 

SAP-Warehouse management: 

 

 Have completed with 1 implementation (TAFE), 2 roll-outs(TAFE and MARS 
information services) and 2 support projects(MARS information services and BASF 

global services). 

 Have involved in requirements gathering, gap analysis and preparation of blue print and 
related functional and technical design documents. 

 Have worked as techno-functional consultant with all of WM assignments. 
 Implemented 2-Bin system for raw materials and components and integrated with 

purchase related automations. 



 

 

 

 II 

 Have involved in roll-outs for warehouses to enable certain movement types within IM-
WM interface. 

 Have worked with reconciliation of stock discrepancies with custom movement types and 
related customizing of IM-WM Interfaces. 

 Have worked with requirements for TO creations, confirmations and TO splits. 
 Have worked with shipping control related setups for warehouse such as picking control, 

copy controls, etc., 

 Have worked with different strategies for storage bins including fixed and dynamic bins. 
 Have implemented enhancements for strategies with storage types. 
 Have worked with homogeneous and heterogeneous handling units. 
 Have developed dashboards to deal discrepancies with handling units. 
 Have worked with batch management and pick/put-away strategies within warehouse. 
 Rolled-out physical inventory for unrestricted and quality stocks as part of stock transport 

and its related replenishment processes and also hands-on with all such scenarios. 

 Have worked with scrapping of finished goods, handling units, etc., 
 Have developed report for sales documents status processing in order to overcome with 

the issues resulted with handling unit discrepancies.  

 Involved in roll-out project on conversion of Handling-unit managed plant. 
 Have worked with transfer of goods between handling unit/batch managed and non-

managed plants. 

 Implemented pricing and credit management related processes. 
 Have worked with handling unit related validations with production consumption with 

routing and recipe masters. 

 Have worked with shipment controls related such as copy controls, auto-pick, etc., 
 Have worked with third-party quality management system integration for non-

conformance and its related automations. 

 Have implemented end-to-end third-party warehouse systems and roll-outs. 
 Implemented automated shipment management process with third-party warehouses. 
 Implemented quality management processes for raw/semi-finished/finished materials and 

also for handling units. 

 Implementing efficient physical warehouse system in order to avoid the stoppages and 
supply delays with ABC analysis and bin arrangements. 

 Have implemented end-to-end RF technology with Barcode. 
 Have developed smart forms for single and 2 dimension barcode labels and integration 

with barcode printers.  

 Have implemented on-line scanners for real-time SAP integrations, hands-free scanners 
for batch processing and implemented validations with credit management, BOM, etc., 

 Having support experience with SAP EWM system with BASF assignment. 
 Have developed related correction programs for delivery processing and stock correction 

and stock tracking programs and related IDOCs.  

 Design and implementation of statutory forms, picking lists on handling of goods. 
 Have worked with QRFCs related to RF related transactions. 
 Involved in procurement of hardware/software such as printers, scanners. 
 Preparation of user manuals and end-user trainings.  

 

SAP-SD (Includes Order processing fulfillment and logistics execution): 

 

 Have completed with 1 implementation (TAFE), 2 roll-outs(TAFE and MARS 
information services) and 1 support projects(MARS information services). 

 Have worked as techno-functional consultant with all of OTC assignments. 
 Implemented EDI orders system with IDOCs (also custom IDOC with BDC), third-party 

file (XML, Excel) conversion into sales order, Email to EDI order conversions (Portal 

integration), etc., which covers regular orders, ICB and third party scenarios. 

 Involved in the customization of subsequent processes of sales order such as credit 
management, pricing related setups (rebates, free-goods, etc.,), and delivery processing, 

for the above scenarios in order to fit for requirements for different regions.  

 Configuration of related SAP standard setups also implemented bespoke setup with user-
exits and enhancements frameworks for order processing for determination techniques 

and validations. 

 Involved in regional specific pricing related activities and related standard setups.  
 Have worked with determination techniques such as for partner (transporter) and 

material, etc.,. 



 

 

 

 III 

 Have worked with credit management and account assignments. 
 Involved in STO/ICB and third party processes roll-outs and their related cross-functional 

setups and related billing procedures setup and related enhancements. 

 Have worked with item category and schedule line category setup roll-outs for STO, ICB 
and third-party processes. 

 Have worked with the configuration of COGS for all the above scenarios. 
 Have designed and deployed the statutory forms such as pro-forma, customer invoices 

with scripts and smartforms. 

 Implemented automation of creation of sales orders, purchase orders, delivery documents 
via output type configurations, IDOC implementations with BDC, RFC, etc., Defining 

and configuration of related batch jobs and also covering cross-box(region) activities. 

 Implemented automation of delivery documents creation in cross-box (Region) scenario 
as part of order fulfillment activity and related pricing related activities. 

 Worked with route determinations, shipment cost document setup, etc., 
 Transportation management related configurations and bespoke setup for transporter 

management (vehicle monitoring, ASN, etc.,). 

 Have implemented rule-based ATP and triggering of STO, 3
rd

 party processes within R3. 

 Have worked with SAP APO-GATP & BOP, on both standard and bespoke processes. 
 Having hands-on with customizations related to APO GATP modules and other processes 

such as SNP/DP and PPDS and their related master data which are all linked to GATP. 

 Good in CIF and their related implementation and monitoring areas. 
 Have designed finished stock monitoring dashboard of portal of all locations of a 

company code including manufacturing plant, depot, etc. for order fulfillment. 

 Having support experience with MTO process. 
 Having hands-on with Procure-to-pay(PTP) module on finished goods. 
 Involved in implementation of bespoke setups as per the business requirement. 

 

SAP ABAP & Interfaces: 

 

 Having skills on Core ABAP, ALE-IDOCs, BDC, BAPI & RFCs, scripts and smart 
forms, enhancement frameworks, user exits & BADIs, Output types, performance 

tunings, custom workflows(event-based), OOPS ABAP. 

 Have developed end-to-end barcode system implementations. 
 Have implemented end-to-end interface programming with FTP (All types of file 

formats), ALE-IDOCs, payment gateways, barcode scanners & RFIDs, machine printers, 

etc., XI, protocols (LDAP, etc.,). 

 Have developed end-to-end mobile infrastructure for PO approval processes, Line 
stoppage & machine break-down management for push & pull communications. 

 Have developed end-to-end server monitoring system for critical activities (Jobs, 
performance & outage), and IDOC monitoring tool implementations & support. 

 Good in IDOC related support activities and debugging. 
 Good in handling batch jobs and monitoring within SAP and by third-party job tools. 
 Involved in support pack activities, OSS notes implementations. 
 Developed many new products which were approved by SAP audits. 

 

Other Capabilities: 

 

 Having overall process knowledge with automotive, process and consumable industries. 
 Having hands-on with web portal integrations and ability to contribute on e-commerce 

related implementations.  

 Having hands-on with interfaces for reporting tools and any other 3
rd

 party tools. 

 Ability to ensure that achievement of any given key performance indicators(KPIs). 
 


