















































CHETAN HARIBHAU AWACHAT 
 
E-mail ID - c.awachat@gmail.com     Contact No (M) – 9987277877 

 
 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 
 
 
Self-motivated and hardworking fresher seeking an opportunity to gain analytical and logical skills to grow my 
career into information and technology industry. 
 

ACADEMICS 
B.E. Computer Engineering, Mumbai University, RGIT, Mumbai.                                                                    
 

Courses: Database Management System, Computer networks, System Security, Operating Systems. 
 

Degree Level Institution / Board Year of  
Passing 

B.E. 
(Engineering) 

University of Mumbai 
(B.E – Computer Engineering) 

2016 - 17 

H.S.C 
(Science) 

Maharashtra State Board 
(H.S.C Science: Physics, Chemistry & Mathematics) 

2009 - 10 

S.S.C Maharashtra State Board 
(J.B Khot High School) 

Mar 2008 

 
 
 

TECHNICAL SKILLS: 

 

Languages: C, C++, Java, HTML, .Net  

Tools: MySQL, MS office suite, Rational Rose.  

Operating Systems: MS DOS, Windows XP/Vista/7 Linux 

  

PROJECTS: 
 
Audio Watermarking [Final Year]  
 
Designed a software that can embed a watermark to any given audio input file. This project was designed in 
C/C++. The goal of this project was to use encryption and make the file tamper proof to help cut piracy. 
 
3-D CUBE ROTATION [Mini Project] 
 
Developed a project for the academic subject of computer graphics where the main aim of the project was to 
learn and depict the use of diagram in calculation and design. For the same developed an 3D Algorithm using 
the 3-Axis Cartesian Co-ordinate system to develop a 3D matrix; using this 3D matrix we can generate 3D 
Shapes of varying sizes having features such as translation, animation, 3D effect and changing color.  
 

mailto:c.awachat@gmail.com


EXTRA CURRICULA  
 
 
Member of the Marketing Team, ICARUS and ZODIAC 2011-2014 
  
I got an opportunity to be a part of the marketing team during my college days. This team was responsible to 
market the College Technical festival and attract vendors and companies to invest in this festival. I was 
responsible for publicity of the festival across Mumbai.  
 
Event Head, Glow Cricket in intra as well as inter college festival ‘ZODIAC’ 2014  
 
I participated to plan and organize the box-cricket tournament event arranged by our college. More than 20 
colleges had participated in this sport. As an event head my work was to see through that the event was 
carried out flawless as well as to maintain energy and motivation among the team members.  
 

PERSONALITY TRAITS 
 
 

• Zeal to learn new technologies. 

• Good listening skills.  

• Good communication skills.  

• Good negotiator. 
 
 

PERSONAL DETAILS 
 
Date of Birth: 22nd April 1993 
Languages Known:  English, Hindi,Marathi 
Permanent Address: 17/119 Swagat Society, Rajendra Nagar, Borivali (east), Mumbai-66.  
Hobbies:   Snooker, Driving, Listening to music       
 
 
The above-mentioned information to the best of my knowledge is correct and true; no attempt has been made to falsify details. 


