













































Name: Adnan Owais                                                                                                      Data Scientist


Name: Adnan Owais                                                                                                      Data Scientist  

 

Objective 
Very enthusiastic about the ever growing data sciences domain and want to leverage my analytical 

skills, diligence and determination to carve a name for myself in this industry.  

Summary 
 Good hands on knowledge in Data Analytics, Data Sciences – Machine Learning and Statistics 

 Proficient in working on various data sets and related models using Python 

 Hands on experience of working on couple of live projects involving real life data sets such as 

HR related area (Employee attrition) etc 

 Adept in handling large data sets of various types for data processing, analysis, interpretation 

and eventually prediction using various machine learning techniques 

 Around 2 years of experience as Software Engineer  in Telecom  domain  at Tech Mahindra Pvt 

Ltd ,from  Oct’16 to till Date 

Key Skills 
 Data Science –  

 a) Machine Learning algorithms such as Regression, Classification, Clustering, Market Basket 

Analysis, Deep Learning (ANN) for Supervised/Unsupervised learning  

 b) Exploratory Data analysis, Visualization and Inferential Statistics including Test of 

Hypothesis  

 c) Tools Used:  Python, MS Excel, Tableau 

 Models used 

 

Regression SLR, MLR, Polynomial Regression, Interaction Term, Ridge Regression, Lasso, 
Time Series  

Classification Logistic Regression, KNN, Decision Tree, Bagging, Boosting, Naïve Bayes 
Classifier, SVM 

Clustering K-means, Hierarchical, DBSCAN 

Association 
Rule Mining 

Market Basket Analysis, A-priori Algorithm 

AI/Deep 
Learning 

Support Vector Machine, Artificial Neural Network 

 

 
 

 



Name: Adnan Owais                                                                                                      Data Scientist  

 

 
Academic Qualification  

Exam Percentage College University  Passing  year  

B.Tech 62.3 Mit College Of 
Engineering , Pune 

SPPU 2016 

12th 78 BV Vidyapeeth 
,Lakhisarai 

CBSE 2010 

10th 85.1 Notre Dame 
Academy,Munger 

CBSE 2018 

   
Projects Done:  

1. Customer Churn for a telecom provider: Assignment was to predict the churn of incumbent 
customers given the historic data.  

2. Employee Attrition: Assignment is to predict the attrition of the employees given the 
behavioral data and related historic attrition 

 

Following were the typical high level steps performed: 

a. Problem Formulation 
b. Data preparation (Missing, wrong and outlier data) 
c. Exploratory data analysis and Visualization 
d. Test of Hypothesis 
e. Selection of best model/algorithm 
f. Implementation in programming language like Python 
 

Personal Details: 

NAME : Adnan Owais 

EMAIL : adnanowaiss@gmail.com 

DOB:     30/11/1992 

CONTACT : +91-8793139984 

PERMANENT ADDRESS: :C/o-Friend Traders(Medical hall) 
                                                    Kaura Maidan 
                                                    Munger-811201, Bihar                                                                 
 

DECLARATION: 

 

I hereby declare that all the above furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge. 

 
 
Place: Pune                                                    Adnan Owais 


	Objective
	Summary
	Key Skills
	Academic Qualification
	Projects Done:
	Personal Details:


