














































Priya A. Shah 
 
17, Ghiya Park Society,  
Near Word No-6,     E-Mail :- pshah06041993@gmail.com 
Old Padra Road,     Mobile No - 9428425165 
Vadodara-390020      
 
Career Objective 

 
 
I am looking for a challenging position in an organization which would enable me to use 

the best of my capabilities, creative skills. Resourceful with a healthy impatience, hardworking, 
motivating and with an in-depth knowledge of people, their characters and what motivates 
them. I am quick to understand new technology and identify market potential. 

 
 
Professional Experience  

 
 
 
 Aegis Pvt.Ltd.  
 
   Back Office Executive (Bank Of Baroda - Call Centre) – Vadodara (2015 – April Till ) 
 

 To Attend the calls of customers. 

 To Register the request (Debit Card, Cheque book, Reset Internet banking password on 
the calls) and complaints of customers in the internal system. 

 Find out the Resolution of the queries and responds to the customers. 

 Answered to the daily query / Complaint to customers. 

 Work independently and in a team environment. 

 Able to sit for long periods of time. 

 Ability to deal with customer issues in a professional manner and to diffuse any and all 
irate customers to the best of my ability. 

 Ability to use several computer programs at once, While dealing with customers on the 
phone. 

 
 
 
 
 

  
 



 HDFC Bank Ltd (Risk Intelligence and Control Department) 
 

  Junior Officer  – Vadodara (May 2015 – Continue)  
 

·  Maintain Daily and Monthly MIS of all product. 
·  Coordinating with Sales Managers, credit team & Operation Team to related Querries. 
·  All PDD check and update the status. 
·  Mail Management for Receiving & Dispatch.  
·  Investigation of fraud documents and approach to customer to panalized panalty. 
·  Cutomer’s penality update the system. 
· Co-ordination and follow-up with Agency for the sampled reports.  
· Check Vendor Bills and prepare the CRS of Bills. 
· Sampled Report update to the system. 
 
 

 
 
Professional Qualification  

 

Qualification University/Board Month-Year  Percentage 

Bachelor of 

computer 

application 

SNDT Bombay University 2014 54% 

H.S.C GSHEB March 2011 56 % 

S.S.C GSHEB March 2009 62 % 

 
Special Strengths 

 
· Good communication skills. 
· Willingness to learn and innovate. 
· Team-Player. 
· Hard and Efficient Worker. 
· Professionally committed and responsible.  
· Good exposure to the back office profile with work experience in the field of Insurance, 

Finance and Banking.  
 

 
 



Co-Curricular Activities 
 

· Have taken part in various Sports Activities and group discussion activities at college 
level  

· Have taken parts in Garba-Dance show at college level 
 
 
 
Computer Skills 

 
· Knowledge of computers basic 
· Thorough knowledge of the MS office tools (expertise in working with MS excel)  
· Have Good Knowledge and Experience in MS Excel, Pivot Table Also analyze and 

Generate reports in MS Excel. 
 

Areas of Interest 

 
· Outing with friends 
· Watching movie 
· Listening music 
· Spend time with friends 

 

Personal Particulars 

 

Date of Birth     :  06th April 1993 

Marital Status     :  Single 
Languages Known  :  English, Hindi Gujarati ,and Marathi     
(Spoken & Written)   
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                  

 
 

Yours truly, 
 
Priya A. Shah 


