














































 Page 1 of 2 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
WORK  

EXPERIENCE 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SOUMYA RANJAN BARDHAN 
#32, Prasiddhi, 4th Cross, A- Block, Vinayaknagar, Bangalore-560017 
 

Cell:  +91-8882293947, Email:bardhan143@gmail.com 

An accomplished Statistician with three plus years of experience in statistical modeling and analytical 

projects, looking for challenging career to apply these skills on the analytical problems requiring 

innovative and alternative solutions and seeking a responsible and exciting position through sincerity, hard 

work and honesty. 

 

PROFILE 

 Specialized in Machine Learning and Deep Learning Algorithms, Predictive Modeling, 

Logistic regression, Customers Segmentation, Decision tree. 

 Proficiency in R, Python, SAS and Excel. 

 Good knowledge in banking data understanding. 

 Published one research papers on core set development using Random Forest and LASSO for 

feature selection, suitable clustering technique and sample allocation strategy. 

 Passionate about solving complex business problems using predictive modeling. 

SUMMARY

Y 

 Statistician, Zafin, Bangalore, Nov 2017 – Present 

 Associate Statistician, Zafin, Bangalore, Jan 2016 – Oct 2017 

 Senior Research Fellow, IASRI, New Delhi, Nov2014 – Mar,2015 

 

CAREER 

PROFILE 

Customer Segmentation 
 

 Deposit Behavior segmentation (Coast Capital): The objective was to understand the deposit 
and transaction behavior of banks customer in order to drive profitable strategies. 

 

 Check Fraud Segmentation (TD Bank): The objective was to find the inherent behavior of 
the transactions associated with the accounts which lead to fraudulent activities. 

 Applied Variable Clustering for feature selection, various techniques to decide number of 
cluster, K-Means Segmentation, LDA for segments validation, profiling of the customers on 

the basis of segmentation results and finally Segment visualization. 

 End to End process Documentation for client delivery. 
 

Product Development 
 

 Cross Sell, Up Sell and Churn predictive models: Developed for different Banking Products 
like Checking, Saving, Mortgage, Term Deposit etc. 

 Deposit Growth Model: Developed LightGBM model using Python 

 Applied various statistical techniques for data exploration, Logistic regression and Machine 
learning algorithms like GBM, XGBOOST and Random Forest. 

 

Fraud Detection 
 

 The objective for the Bank (TD Bank) was to develop a Mobile Remote Deposit Check fraud 
risk model for OTC retail and corporate customers and institutionalize the model in production 

to prevent expected fraud loss and reduce false positives. 
 

 Built Logistic model with 98% ROC, which was predicting 98.5% fraud in top 3 deciles high-
ranked predicted cases and  also detecting fraud 3.28x times more than random chances, hence 

an incremental $ amount protected from fraud. 
 

Pricing Model 
 

 Using statistical method (K-Means) and business rules, classified the customer to calculate the 
price sensitivity in different groups. 

 

 Used price Optimization technique in each group to identify the gaps where bank can increase 
or decrease the price for mortgage to maximize the profitability and minimize the attrition. 

 

Research & Development 
 

 Anomaly detection: DBSCAN, LOF, Kernel density and, KNN based Outlier detection. 
 Feature Engineering: Construction, Extraction & Selection of Feature, Feature Importance. 
 Price elasticity estimation: Instrumental Variable regression or Two stage least square 

estimation. 

 KNN: KNN based recommendation engine for banking product. 

mailto:bardhan143@gmail.com


 Page 2 of 2 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TECHNICAL  

SKILLS 
 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PROFESSIONAL  

TRAINING 

& 

CERTIFICATIONS 
 

 

 

 

 

 
 

AWARDS 

& 

FELLOWSHIPS 

 
 

 

 

 

 

EDUCATION 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PUBLICATION 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

PERSONAL  

INFORMATION 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Winner of Machine Learning Hackathon, 2018, Zafin,Bangalore. 

 Qualified National Eligibility Test (NET) in Agricultural Statistics and Informatics, 2015 

 Ranked Fifth in All India based Junior Research Fellowship (JRF) examination, 2011, 

in the subject group Statistical Science, Indian Council of Agricultural Research. 

 

   SAS & Business Analytics (May-Aug, 2015), AnalytixLabs, Gurugram,Haryana-122001 

 Worked on different data mining projects using Base SAS and Proc SQL 
 

 Built number of multivariate models pertaining to marketing analytics in BFSI and Telecom 
domain for response modeling, churn prediction management and customer segmentation. 

 

 PGDCA, National Trust of Education and Management, Bhubaneswar, Odisha. 

 As a part of course, I learned MS-OFFICE, SQL, introductory knowledge of C, DBMS. 
    

 

 Bardhan Soumya Ranjan, Rao A. R., Meher Pravin Kumar, Marwaha Sudeep and Wahi 
Sant Dass (2014). Identification of a suitable clustering method and allocation strategy for 

core set development in salt stress tolerant rice germplasm. Indian Journal of 

Agricultural Sciences. 

 Masters of Science, Agricultural Statistics (Aug, 2011 - Feb, 2014) 
Indian Agricultural Statistics Research Institute (IASRI), New Delhi, India 

      Major: Agricultural Statistics, Minor: Computer Application 
 

 Bachelor of Science, Agriculture (Aug, 2007 – July, 2011) 
Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT), Bhubaneswar, India. 

Statistical Acquaintances 
 
 Regression Analysis: OLS, Ridge regression, Logistic regression, LASSO, Elastic Net etc. 

 Multivariate Analysis: MANOVA, PCA, Factor Analysis, Cluster Analysis, LDA, etc. 

 Statistical Inference: Hypothesis testing (parametric and non-parametric)  

 Design of Experiments: ANOVA, ANCOVA, CRD, RCBD, LSD, BIBD etc. 

 Sampling Techniques: SRSWR/WOR, PPSWR/WOR, Stratified, Cluster sampling etc. 
 

Machine Learning: Decision tree, Random forest, Gradient Boosting, LightGBM, XGBoost, K-means 

segmentation, KNN, etc. 
 

Deep Learning: Knowledge of Deep Learning techniques like ANN, RBM, Autoencoder etc. as well as 

deep learning python libraries like Tensorflow and Keras. 
 

Software Skill 
 

 Statistical Packages: R, SAS, SPSS 

 Other Languages: Python, SQL 

 Document preparation: MS-Office 

 Date of Birth : 16
th

 May, 1990 

 Gender : Male 

 Marital Status : Married 

 Citizenship : Indian  

 Passport No.  :  R3966226 

 Present Address : #32, Prasiddhi, 4th Cross, A- Block, Vinayaknagar,Bangalore-560017   

 Permanent Address : AT-Gopalpur, PO-Patapur, Banki, Cuttack, Odisha-754008 

 Notice Period : 1 Month 

 Willing to Relocate : Yes 


