
















































CURRICULAM VITAE

R.BHARATHI                                                      E-Mail: bharathi10it@gmail.com
No 1, Kasamiyan Street,                                  	Mobile No: 7708875833
Tindivanam,
 
Career Objective:
To obtain a challenging position in IT field, where I can effectively apply my skills to the success of the organization.
Academic Chronicle:
B. Tech IT: from Dhanalakshmi Srinivasan Engineering College, Perambalur.  University: ANNA University   Year:  (2006- 2010) Percentage: 75%
HSC: from Government Higher Secondary School, Belur.
Board: State Board Year: (2004-2006)    Percentage: 73%
SSLC: from Government Girls Higher Secondary School, Tittagudi.    
Board: State Board Year: (2003-2004) Percentage: 87%

Technical Chronicle:
Languages 			:  visual basic 6.0, C#,3.5.
Framework			: Asp .Net 3.5.
Web Tools 			:  HTML, XML.
RDBMS 			:  Microsoft SQL Server2008, Basics of PL\SQL, Sybase.
Operating platforms   	:  Windows7.
Reporting Tools		: SQL Server Reporting Services, Crystal Reports

Experience:
3.5 Years of experience in DXC Technology (formerly CSC India Pvt. Ltd India) Chennai.
3.1 years of experience in HCL Technologies Chennai.
Project Details:
Project Description
Zurich's Special Investigations Unit (SIU) helps Zurich manage loss costs through a comprehensive fraud-fighting program that includes detection and awareness, investigation, training and regulatory compliance. Investigators work closely with claims professionals and customers to identify and resolve questionable claims.
Module		 	: Time Entry system, Case Management
Duration	 	: 26 June 2017 – till date
Role / Position		: Developer – senior- 1 
Responsibilities 	: Developing, Designing solution, Documenting, Support
 Environment                 : C#.Net,ASP.Net

Project Description
Manufacturing Equipment Development Description System (MEDDS) is a manufacturing system which provides tools information and its associated costs required to launch a product.
MEDDS is a database of all specifications, MCNs and requisitions (and their associated costs) to launch a new product. The purpose of this application is to efficiently manage program planning & spending. MEDDS manages procurement of equipment require to launch a new product. 
MEDDS keeps track of study cost, Purchase Plan cost; preliminary MCN cost, Firm cost and Committed cost for tools and changes.
MEDDS Administrator defines a program layout. Process Engineers create Planning Items, Specifications and Manufacturing Change Notices (MCN). MEDDS administrator assigns the project and line and then commits the requisition by adding Proj-Line approval. Finally, Finance provides the charge unit then approves it. MEDDS consolidates these activities and provides program status.

Module		 	: MEDDS Application 
Duration	 	: 07 July 2014 – 23 June 2017
Role / Position		: Developer – senior- 1 and team lead 
Responsibilities 	: Developing, Designing solution, Documenting
Environment                  : Visual basic 6.0, Sybase 

ECGC-Export Credit Guarantee Corporation
Contract or device for transferring risk from a person, business or organization to an insurance company that agrees, in exchange for a premium, to pay for losses through an accumulation of premium.

Module		 	: ECGC- Admin
Duration	 	: 01 Nov 2011 - 07 Sep 2012
Role / Position		: Developer – Junior- 1
Responsibilities 	: Developing, Designing solution, Documenting
Environment                  : C#.net 4.0, asp.net, WWF, Ajax, VS 2010, TFS 2010,
  Sql Server 2008, JQuery.

Project Description
ECGC Administration Application helps ECGC’ s Administration department to carry out the activities required at organization level like procurement of assets, items, repair and maintenance of assets etc. It’s a workflow based application which provides facility in initiating a request and closing the request at a logical level. Recommendation and Approval of all requests are done by authorized person based on rank and designation defined under BRE based on Delegation of Power
Module		 	: ECGC- Accounts
Duration	 	: 07 Sep 2012 – 23 Apr 2014
Role / Position		: Developer – Junior- 1
Responsibilities 	: Developing, Designing solution, Documenting
Environment                   : C#.net 4.0, asp.net, WWF, Ajax, VS 2010, TFS 2010,
  Sql Server 2008, JQuery.

Project Description

ECGC Accounts Bespoke is a web application tool. It handles the accounts transactions and tasks of the ECGC Insurance product. This integrates and communicates with other application through Web Service or through Biz Talk server to perform a complete task. The Application is designed in a manner to incorporate state machine work flow methodology.
Personal Chronicle:	

Name			: R. BHARATHI
Father’s name		: P. RAMASAMY
Date of Birth		: 25.7.1989
Marital status		: Married
Nationality		: Indian
Languages known	: Tamil, English.

Declaration:
I hereby declare that the above information given is true to my knowledge and belief.

Place:                                                                               Signature,
                                                                                                                                      
Date:                                                                             (R.BHARATHI)
	
