




















































My Resume


 

KAMALAKKANNAN . L                 Mobile : +919790085576 
                               E-mail : kamalakkannan.loganathan@gmail.com 

  

Profile 

Objective To acquire a demanding position in an environment where I can best utilize my skills and 
education for the growth of the organization. 

 

Personal Abilities Easily adaptable to the new environment, willingness to learn new technologies, hard working, 

able to finish the work in given time frame and a good team worker. 

 

 

 

Education 

    2012 - B.Tech (Information Technology) (66.6%) 

Arunai Engineering College, Anna University. 

    2008 - Higher Secondary (83.33%) 

S.S.K.V Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Matriculation. 

    2006 - SSLC (79.6%)  

S.S.K.V Matriculation Higher Secondary School, State Board. 
 

 

Experience 

 
Worked as a Procurement and Automation Specialist in Flextronics Technologies Pvt. Ltd., Chennai from June 24, 2013 

to Mar 31 2017. Overall experience is 3.9 years and into automation 3 years and 1 month of experience. 

Roles & Responsibilities: 

 Developing and supporting on Excel macros for entire department in Americas region 

         Responsible for all project lifecycle phases, from specifications and coding through deployment,                         

testing, debugging, documentation, and maintenance. 

         Competent in loading data from multiple data sources into Excel Reports using Excel VBA. 

 Received “Platinum award” for the completing best macros for our department. 

 Provided basic training on excel macros for our department. 

 Received "Pat on the back" award for providing extended support on the process. 

 Assisted with automation of manual processes by writing VBA code and using macros and formulas to 

speed processes and maximize accuracy 

 To create the Purchase Order (PO) and Purchase Request (PR) in BAAN ERP 

 

 

Key skills: 

 

        Languages                           C, C++, JAVA, VBA (Excel macros)  

          Operating System             Windows Platforms, Linux(Basics)  

          Databases                           SQL server  

          Packages                             Microsoft Office  

                
 

 

mailto:kamalakkannan.loganathan@gmail.com


 

KAMALAKKANNAN . L                 Mobile : +919790085576 
                               E-mail : kamalakkannan.loganathan@gmail.com 

Strengths 

 
 Positive attitude towards learning 

 Adapting easily to work environment 
 

 

Projects done 

 
  Project Name:     POAN Data Calculator 
 
  Applications used: VBA, Excel 
 

  Description: 

               This Tool is developed for our Material procurement Team. It is mainly used for weekly process metrics 
Maintenance tool for across PSS Team. Buyers need to update the Daily Metrics like Unconfirmed orders, Past due orders, 
Pull-in, Push out, Material shortage, Cancel orders counts in this tool, it is Maintaining to Chief centralized database server. 
Team Leader have to download these report with chart by end of the week and it needs to send Management for reviewing 
purpose. This Tool is having more option to simply the process, TL can updated the OPOR count and Buyer Head count, 
Buyer details, site active parts count in this tool. It is more useful to do their daily activities and also can download and see 
the Penetration % of Material Demand Parts for production. We can extract the Total week dashboard summary report 
across PSS. More than 800 employees using this application. And Analysis, design, Implementation, Testing, Deploying done 
by myself only. 

Project Name: OPOR Communication Tool 
 
Applications used: VBA, Outlook, Excel 
 
Description:  
 This tool helps to draft multiple emails based on the report called OPOR which actually needs to be sent to multiple vendors 
every week to keep track on all the open purchase orders. This tool categorizes and draft emails based on their vendor id’s 
and shows up the draft version of the emails which buyers can review before sending to actual owners. About 30 to 40 
emails will be drafted for each buyer based on their OPOR report.  

Project Name: Daily metrics tool 
 
Applications used: VBA, Excel 
 
Description: 
                   This tools helps to get the actual metrics counts under each buyer and helps in publishing the daily dashboard. 
Based on this report each team member and lead can see their actual number of pending tasks against their names everyday 
under each metric like Unconfirmed, past due, receiving challenges and Titans. Based on the completion of their tasks 
everyone will update their status in the report, so that closing pending counts will be published at the end of the day. 
 

 

 

 

Hobbies  

 
 Playing guitar 

 Driving 

 Surfing the web 
 

 

 

mailto:kamalakkannan.loganathan@gmail.com


 

KAMALAKKANNAN . L                 Mobile : +919790085576 
                               E-mail : kamalakkannan.loganathan@gmail.com 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Personal Details 

 

Father Name S.Loganathan 

  

Permanent Address No.61, Murugan Nagar, 

Thattithoppu, 

Thenambakkam post, 

Kanchipuram. 

Tamil Nadu. 

PIN – 631601. 

 

Gender 

Date of Birth 

Male 

6th August 1990 

Languages Known English, Tamil 

Nationality                                                                         Indian 

 

Declaration 

                                  

                                I hereby declare that the above mentioned information are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 

 

Place:  

Date:                                                                                                                                    (L.KAMALAKKANNAN) 

mailto:kamalakkannan.loganathan@gmail.com

