







































Digvijay Jagtap. MBA (Finance).
Current Address: Kothrud, Pune
Mobile No: +917887926283, 8087527965
E-mail: digvijayjagtap644@gmail.com

Skilled professional with experience of 3.6 years in the field of Account payable, Bank Reconciliation, 
General ledger

Career Profile

To obtain the position of an analyst in a prestigious organization that will provide me an 
opportunity to utilize my skills and experience towards professional development

Professional Strengths

Hands on experience in Account payable, Bank Reconciliation, general 
ledger. Ability to provide analysis and insights into Business results.

Prepare invoice processing for payment working. 
Reconciliation of bank statements
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both in verbal and written.

Core competencies

Excellent analytical and logical thinking. 
Problem solving attitude.

Teamwork.
Adaptability.
Self- motivated.

Job Experience

Duration: July ‘17 to Current
Organization: PRGX India Pvt Ltd.
Job Profile: Auditor Account payable
Job description:
Responsible to prepare daily Bank Reconciliation. 
Accruals workings over interest income.

Processing vendor invoice payments, Invoice scrutiny.
. Monthly financial closing General Entries.
Renegotiating payment terms with suppliers
Rectifying escalated account payable issues from employees and vendors.

Duration: Oct ‘15 to July 17.
Organization: Leadec India Pvt Ltd
Job Profile: Junior Executive-Accounts
Job description:
Verified details of transactions, including funds available and total account 
balances. Revamped accounting quality system to prepare for important audits.

Processed vendor invoice payments, Invoice scrutiny.
Rectified escalated account payable issues from employees and 
vendors. Reconciled bank statements.
Renegotiated payment terms with suppliers.
Prepared Cash flow statement on weekly basis.



Prepared VAT, Service tax and TDS return workings on Monthly basis and Excise duty 
return workings on quarterly basis.

Processed Employee reimbursement, Forex vendor remittance, Intercompany 
invoice. Monthly financial closing General Entries
Provided accrual working of Interest income
Handle Petty cash control & verification of Expenses.
Prepare journal entries for payroll and payroll accruals approved by FM and entered into 
accounting software
Provided training to new employees.

Summer Internship

Duration: May’14 to June’14 (2 months)
Organization: Jagdamba Dairy Private Limited, Rashin
Topic: An analytical study of ratio, working capital and fund flow statement.

Developed management reports (Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, liquidity, etc.)

Analyzed financial information (e.g. financial statements, financial ratios, interest payments, 
etc.)     Analyzed trend of collected data and created reports.

Covered all the types of ratios to analyze company’s performance.

Certification

1) Financial Market: A Beginner’s Module with 95% Marks.

Education

Program: Pursuing DipIFRS.

 Program: MBA (FINANCE)–63%
 Duration: 2 years (Jun’13 to Mar’15)
 Institute/University: JAYAWANT INSTITUTE OF MANAGEMENT STUDIES.  
  Major subjects: Economics, Financial Statement and Analysis, Derivatives, Financial 

Management, Corporate Finance, Merger &Acquisition, Accounting, Business 
Statistics

  Program: BACHELOR IN COMMERCE (PUNE UNIVERSITY)–[63%]
  Duration: 3 years (Jun’10 to Mar’13)
  Institute/University: DADA PATIL MAHAVIDYALAYA KARJAT.
  Major subjects: Accounting, Mathematics, Economics.

 Declaration:

I hereby state and acknowledge that the information provided is true and complete to 
the best of my knowledge and agree that any inaccurate and misleading information 
is solely my responsibility.

Place

Date (Signature)


