










































CURRICULUM VITAE 

 

Mahesh Babu P                                      Mahes.0607@gmail.com  
 

1. CAREER OBJECTIVE :- 

 

o Looking for a long-term association with a people-oriented organization where individual talent, skill, 

honesty and hard work are acknowledged. I can positively contribute towards taking the company on to 

the next level with my integrity and experience. 

 

2. Personal Details 

Name Mahesh Babu P 

Father's Name P Murali Mohan 

Date of Birth 24-05-1991 

Sex Male 

Marital Status Unmarried 

Languages Read/Write English, Telugu, Kannada, Hindi. 

Contact No. 9676186601 

Present Address Hno,2-371-12 Thirumal nagar beside Amravati school,Adoni-518301 AP. 

Hobbies Bike riding, interested in outdoor games cricket, football,volleyball etc,. 

 

3.Work Experience:- 

 

 Capgemini Bangalore:- 

Designation:  Process Associate 

Duration:  Jan 2017 to Till Goes on  
 
1.Retail Banking(Account Services) : 

 Job Profile:  

Account Services : Group is responsible for sorting and reviewing checks to ensure that all items are valid 

and to make the Payment as per guidelines. 

 Signature Verification- Signature Verification is Verifying the authenticity of customer's signature.  

➢ Reviewing the checks to ensure that all items have valid information on the check and authorized 

signatures.  

➢ If the signature matches with the digital snippet and check stock, then select ‘Pay’ but if the 

signature is irregular as compared to the signature card snippet or check stock does not match, then 

‘Escalate’ the item. 

Check fraud Detection- the Check Fraud team within the AS(Account Services) Group is responsible for 

sorting and reviewing checks to ensure that all items are valid and meet the guidelines.  

➢ Review each digital check image on screen and review it against a digital snippet of the signature.  

➢ Compare the check (cheque) with previous paid companion items for similarities and / or 

irregularities. 

Fraud Guard- Fraud Guard is a fraud tool used for doing reconciliation for Customers  

For Payee Positive Pay (PPP) fraud tool, the checks can be viewed in FG as per Banks.  

➢ Necessary decision taken (Accept/Escalate) based on the accuracy of the Check and Issue file.  

➢ Escalated checks are sent back to the customer for correction, SLA completed with 100% accuracy. 

Applications worked on:- 
CITRIX ,TRIPS, RUMBA UBOC Mainframe, NETQUERY, FILENET, Check Free partner Care. 
 

 

mailto:Mahes.0607@gmail.com


 

TECHNICAL SKILLS: 

➢ Tally ERP9.0, operating systems. 

➢ Good skills in using the MS - Office. Vlookup, Pivot Table. 

STRENGTHS: 

➢ Hard worker. & Positive Attitude. 

➢ Ability to work independently and enjoys the teamwork. 

4. Academic Qualifications: 

 

➢ M.B.A. (Finance& Marketing) (2014-16) from Bheemi Reddy  Institute of Management  and Science, 

Adoni affiliated to Jawaharlal Nehru Technical University (A) with 71%. 

➢ B.Com (CA) (2009-12) from SAI Degree college, Adoni, affiliated to Sri Krishnadevaraya University 

with 66%. 

➢ Intermediate (2007-09) from SAI  College, Adoni  with 62%. 

➢ S.S.C.(2007) from YMK High School, Adoni with 67%. 

PROJECT DETAILS 

Project title                   :   EFFECTIVENESS OF PROMOTION MIX ON 

                                            SALES OF HERO MOTO CORP 

Sponsered Organization  :  Annapoorna Hero Motocorp,Bellary (D) Karnataka. 

 

Duration             :  3 Months 

Role                   :  Determination of EFFECTIVENESS OF PROMOTION MIX ON 

                                           SALES. 

Responsibilities               :  1) To find risk and return of selected companies. 

                                                    2) To find  out whether the Strategies of Promotion Mix having a positive\                                                                     

                                                    negative impact  on sales. 

 

5. Strength:- 

 

➢  Team Player, Dedicate worker. 

 

Place:  

 

Date  :           MAHESH BABU P                                                                                                              

                                             



 

 


