




























































Pallavi K
[Bachelor of Engineering and French (B1)]
	
	        Mobile : +91-9790137720/9701356846

	
	                 Email:kavali.pallavi95@gmail.com 

                       


Career Objective:

Aspire to work as a French language Expert in a progressive company, where I contribute to the organization's success with my financial expertise & through my innovative ideas and desire to achieve excellence and will keep all my efforts to be successful and grow within the organisation.
Work Experience:

Intelenet Global Services Pvt Ltd, (Chennai)               			(Aug 2017to Till date)
(Senior Customer Service Executive-French)

Responsibilities:
· Translating the Documents like contracts, purchase orders and mails on daily basis.
· Preparation of Invoices and Cash Apps with Erp tool (Microsoft dynamics GP)
· Preparation and Analysis of reports like Ageing & Bad Debt.
· Handling the calls and queries with the clients on regular basis.
· Working on the reconciliation reports between sub ledgers to General ledger at Mec Closure.
 Skills and Abilities:
· Willing to accept any assigned task and Commitment to the work
· Excellent team worker and work well independently, capable of working under stress and deadlines.
· Interest to learn new activities in short time and making notes. 
· Ability to rapidly build relationship and set up trust. 
· Adoptable for any places and any work.
Academic Credentials:

2016-2017: French Language (B1)
                         Alliance Francaise Institute (Bangalore)

2012-2016: Btech (Electrical &Electronics Engineering)
                         Gates Institute of Technology (Gooty)

2009-2011: Intermediate (M.P.C)	
                         S.S.G.S.Jr College (Guntakal)

IT Skill:	
Application Software:  MS Office, Outlook
                                                ERP-Microsoft Dynamics Great Plains (GP)
                                                Typing Speed 30 WPM
Achievements in Intelenet Global Service: 
· Received “Process Pro” Appreciation Certificate for Account Receivable.
· Got “Best Performer” award for Account Receivable (Jan’18-Jun’18).
· Assigned new role as an Internal Auditor for all billing activities ensuring 100% of quality delivery to the clients and customers. 
Interest:

· Embroideries designing in sarees which improve my creative thoughts,
· Cooking and Playing shuttle,
· Travelling to the different places.
· Interest to continue further studies in French Language.
Personal Details:

	Name
Date of Birth 
	:
:
	K.Pallavi
06-09-1994

	Gender
	:
	Female

	Marital Status
	:
	Single

	Known Languages
	:
	French, Tamil, Telugu, English, Hindi.

	
	
	

	
	      
	



DECLARATION:
If fortunate being selected, I shall assure you that I will discharge my duties and responsibility to the entire satisfaction of all my superiors & subordinates. I do hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
   

Place: Chennai          			                                    Signature                           
Date   :    						             (K.Pallavi) 
 
