









































Resume_HR_9 Years


                                                       
Chaithali Ariga                                                        Email id: chaithali.arigak@gmail.com

                                                                                Mobile No:  +91 9686660076
           

OBJECTIVE

To  be  part  of  a  professionally  managed  team  incorporating  value  added  services  for

achieving organizational  goals.  Strong will  to make a significant contribution, with more

emphasis on quality assurance and meeting the deadline.

SUMMARY EX
ERIEN

 HR professional with 9 years of experience in performing full spectrum of HR functions 

 Strong start-up and small business environment experience having set up HR operations

grounds up at Vigyanlabs over last 8+ years. 

 Handled end-to-end employee life cycle including onboarding for new joiners, 

confirmation, performance appraisals, grievance handling, employee relations, employee

engagement, training & development and employee separation.

 Solid experience in strengthening and operating HR practices by formulation and 

implementation of effective structures.

 Intermediate HR analytical and quantitative skills ; HR Master Data knowledge

 HR Analytics dashboard creation and maintenance

SKILL SET

HR Generalist with skills across Talent Acquisition, HR Data Analysis, Performance 

Management, Compensation & Benefits, Payroll, Talent Retention, Learning & Development 

and Campus relations.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Employer Details Designation Duration

Skanray Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Asst. Manager August 2017 – April 2018

Vigyanlabs Innovations Pvt. Ltd.
Senior HR 
Executive

April 2009 -  July 2017



EDUCATIONAL     QUALIFICATION

 Post  Graduate  Diploma  in  Information  Technology  from  Symbiosis  Center  for

Distance Learning

 B.E Instrumentation Technology Engineering from SJCE College, Mysore

Organization: Skanray Technologies Private Limited, Mysore

Duration : August 2017 – April 2018

Designation: Assistant Manager 

Team Size: 5

 Ensuring that  Joining and Exit  formalities  are  completed satisfactorily and all  HR

records are maintained as per norms for India location

 Timely  response  and  successful  closure  of  all  employee  queries  related  to  HR

Operations

 Manage HR related database and also prepare dynamic reports and dashboards

 Data Management:  Managing the data reconciliation process.

 Collecting and auditing data to support accurate key metric reporting and analysis.

 Reporting & Analysis: Delivered standard data analysis. Presenting them in a clear

meaningful manner.

 Supporting  analysis,  combining  data  points  and  information  from  different  HR

function process with basic employee information. 

 Manage end to end life cycle of an employee which includes On Boarding to Exit

formalities.

 Manage payroll & benefits for the entire organization. 

 Training and Development   -  Manage  the processes  required  for  the  company ;

Performing  training  need  analysis  and  on  basis  planning  and  driving  training

program. 

 Responsible for policy formulation & setting up procedures for various HR operational

activities

 Handled HR Audits and statutory compliance audits

Organization: Vigyanlabs Innovations Private Limited, Mysore

Duration : April 2009 – July 2017

Designation: HR Manager

 Recruitment, Selection, Induction & Separation formalities



 Managing the complete recruitment cycle for sourcing the best talent from diverse 

sources after identification of manpower requirements.

 Handling complete New Joinee formalities.

 Employee personal file administration and maintaining employee master data.

 Handling complete Payroll cycle.

 Employee communication & relation

 Data Management:  Managing the data reconciliation process.

 Collecting and auditing data to support accurate key metric reporting and analysis.

 Reporting & Analysis: Delivered standard data analysis. Presenting them in a clear

meaningful manner.

 Supporting  analysis,  combining  data  points  and  information  from  different  HR

function process with basic employee information. 

 Drive annual performance management

 Administration of Performance appraisal of Executives and Elevations and Handling 

end-to- end Appraisal process.

 Salary Administration – Fixation of Salary, Negotiation, Revisions, Increments etc.

 Managed processes for conversion of part-time and contractual staff to full time 

employees

 Handling separation formalities. Execution of Exit Interview and responsible for Final 

Settlement

 Policy development and documentation

 Process time sheets and payroll

 Handling the company agreements with clients.

 Handling all the legal formalities of the company

 Proven track record in acquiring and retaining talent for fast growing start-up; grew

company from 2 to 70 employees, meeting all hiring roadmap targets and managing

the HR Operations.

 HR Analytics & Dashboard: Preparation & Maintenance of monthly, quarterly, half

yearly and annual HR Analytics at group level with analysis and trends on attrition,

talent pool, etc. 

PERSONAL

References available on request


