



















































Profile - Ajit

Rukmini Verlekar	
								Rukmini Prakash Verlekar
								verlekardolly@gmail.com 
								9870353534

SUMMARY

· Overall 5 years and 6 months of experience in development of Web applications using ASP.net, C# and SQL Server.
· Working with eClerx Services Ltd. as Senior Software Engineer from September 2013 to till date.
· Hands on experience in Asp.net, C#, SQL Server, Java Script, JQuery, JSON, Web Services, VSS, TFS.
· 1.6 years of experience in MVC, Entity Framework
· Cohesive team worker, having strong analytical, problem solving and interpersonal skills.

ACADEMICS

· B.E. (Computers) from Shivajirao. S. Jondhale College of Engineering, Mumbai University in 2011, passed with 62.83%.
· H.S.C from M. D. College, Maharashtra Board in 2006, passed with 75.83%.
· S.S.C from D P V School, Goa Board in 2004, passed with 74.00%.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Programming Languages:	C#

Database:			SQL Server

OS/Platform:			Windows based OS

Web Development Languages: ASP.net, MVC, AJAX, HTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript, JQuery,                                 JSON 

Key Responsibilities handled

· Involved in designing and development of Web Application.
· Unit testing and integration testing.
· Interacting with customer for getting requirements and solving their queries.
· Deployment of web application on Test, UAT and Production server.
· Coordination with Data centre team for any issues related to servers. 

Objectives

· Seeking a position in the Software development Industry where my skills and strengths are optimally used to increase the productivity of the organization and also benefit me as an individual.

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

Employer: 	eClerx Services Ltd., Mindspace Airoli, Navi Mumbai
Profile Title: 	Senior Software Engineer
Date of Employment: 	September, 2013 to Till Date

Employer: 	21st Century Informatics Pvt. Ltd. 
Profile Title: 	Software Engineer
Date of Employment: 	March, 2012 to September, 2013

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Project: Partner Development Workflow Tool
Type: Development
Tools: MVC, Entity Frame Work, Linq, Jquery, Json
Database: SQL Server.
Company: eClerx Services Ltd.

A web based application which involves complex workflow logic of assigning audit checklists to particular user depending on various criteria’s. There are role based users. Admin and Auditor Roles (QA1, QA2, QA3). Application contains creating requests, assigning request to particular auditors according to logic, capturing their data and report building


Project: Roboworx (RPA Automation Tool)
Type: Development
Tools: C#.Net , SQL-Server 2012.
Database: SQL Server.
Company: eClerx Services Ltd.

In this project we give instructions by creating a workflow with drag and drop.  This workflow is then executed manually or can be scheduled. The instructions range from Data crawling to file read writing, email operations, writing custom scripts. Also has a module called Machine learning where we teach the machine by giving instructions and sample emails, the machine then executes algorithms and improves the sorting of emails.


Project: Social Clout
Type: Development & Maintenance
Tools: Asp.net, C#, Javascript, Jquery, Json, HighCharts
Database: SQL Server.
Company: eClerx Services Ltd.

Social Clout application is used by social media analytics or marketing team. Social Clout enables the user to have different social media sites data access in one application. User can compare social media sites, extract reports, can schedule post to twitter and facebook.


Project: ABACUS Reporting Workflow Tool
Type: Development & Maintenance
Tools: Asp.net, C#, Javascript, Jquery, Json
Database: SQL Server.
Company: eClerx Services Ltd.

A web based application to provide a tool to: Application involves normal Report Preparation, Auditing, and managing day to day operations more accurately and efficiently of Abacus Process Team. Admin add the report details in the tool and assign respective Analyst and Auditor for the same. Analyst worked on report and sends to Auditor. If erroneous report sends back to Analyst for rework else it send Admin can generate different metrics every week.


Project: Cloud-Based Product.
Type: Development & Maintenance
Tools: C#.NET 4.0, ASP.NET 4.0, NHibernate, AJAX, Java Script, WCF.
Database: SQL Server.
Company: 21st Century Informatics Pvt. Ltd.

A framework application which is similar to SAP platform. Application will allow business partners to create web-based application using many features and ability to modify existing application with minimal changes etc.

PERSONAL DETAILS

· Name:			Rukmini Prakash Verlekar

· Date of Birth:		19th  February, 1989

· Gender:			Female

· Marital Status:		Unmarried

· Permanent address:	C-7, Manav Apartment, Chafekar Road, 
Mulund(E), Mumbai- 400081.

· Contact:			+91-9870353534

· Email: 			verlekardolly@gmail.com

· Hobbies:                            Singing, Reading Books

Declaration

I hereby declare that above information is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date:

Place: Mumbai
									Rukmini Prakash Verlekar
