














































Jamal Khan    
Contact: +91 9883270786  E-mail: jamalkhan2526@hotmail.com 

Permanent Address: 13/H/47 Mayur Bhanj Road, Kolkata – 700023 Near CMRI Hospital 

 

Career Objectives :To establish in a position shouldering responsibilities and contribute for the organization 

growth and profitability with my skills and lead to achieve the goal of the organization. 

 

IT Proficiency: 

 Experience in SAP, Oracle, MS-Office, Internet,Tally ERP. 9. 
 Familiar with Reconnet tool used for reconciliation. 
 Also familiar with SAP BPC(Business Planning & Consolidation) used for group company reporting. 

Work Experience  

 

Present Engagement : Since 12th April 2018 with WNS Global Services Pvt Ltd, Pune as Lead Associate 

 

Profile:  

 Month/Quarter end Standing/Accrual/Prepayment Journal posting 
 Bank/Fixed Asset/GL Reconciliation after GL close 
 Open Item Clearing/Followup with respective Team 

 

Previous Work Experience:  

Aug-2015 to April-2018:  Genpact, Kolkata as Process Developer (in Record to Report domain) 

 

Roles and Responsibilities : 

Role in GL Team: 

 GL Reconciliation After Period Close 
 Review of monthly Management Packs 
 Analysing monthly actuals Overheads with Budget and forecast 
 Month End accrual and prepayment Journal Preparation and Posting in SAP and Oracle 
 Preparing external Statutory Reporting 
 

Role in Treasury Team: 

 Daily Bank Statement Uploading and Allocation in Customer and Vendor GL in SAP 
 Clearing of historical unreconciled amount in SAP 
 Preparation of monthly Cashflow Report 

 

Role in Group Consolidation Team: 

 Preparing Monthly Profit & Loss & Balance sheet 
 Uploading the finalized numbers in SAP HANA Portal 
 Reporting quarterly forms 

 

Other Role: 

 Automation and standardization of process activities. 
 Preparing and updating the Standard Operating Procedure to maintain process hygiene. 
 Also engaged in activities related to Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) apart from operation. 
 Taken additional responsibility of IT and Logistic Spoc. 

 



Achievement: 

 Received 3 bronze Award for Exemplary performance and demonstration of Genpact. 
 Received one Certificate of recognistion by Client end. 
 Identified Process improvement ideas in order to ensure the accuracy and remove challenges from the 

existing process. 

 Succesfully handled the knowledge transfer transition with client as per Business requirement 

 
Jan-2014 to June-2015  : Accounts executive in OSL Autotech Pvt Ltd (Chevrolet Dealer) 

 

Profile:  

 Workshop & Showroom Daily Operational Entries of Purchase, Sale, Receipt & Payment etc 
 Finalization & Reconciliation of Books at Year Ending 
 Preparing Monthly, Quarterly & Half yearly Profit & Loss Report. 
 Responsibility to Keep Track of Accounts Receivable & Accounts Payable. 
 Responsibility to Keep Proper Track of all type of Duties & Taxation in The Books of Accounts. 

 
Jan-2013 to Dec-2013  : Accountant in a wholesale book shop 

 
Profile: Handling daily billing and cash & bank book reconciliation, Monthly Profit & Loss & Balance sheet reporting 

 

Strengths: 

 Analytical Skills, Quick problem detection and provide sollution 
 Flexibility & Punctuality 
 Familiar with Excel Tools like Vlookup, If, Sumif, Pivot, Conditional Formating, Text to Column 

 

 

 

Academic Details   

 

Examination % of Marks Year OfPassing University/Board 

B.Com (Honours in Financial Accounting) 50 2012 CalcuttaUniversity 

Higher Secondary 57 2009 W.B.C.S.E 

Secondary 51 2007 W.B.B.S.E 

 

Personal Details 

 

Date of Birth      : 20/01/1992 

Marital Status    : Single 

Nationality          : Indian  

Fateher Name     :  Ashraf Ali Khan 

Hobies                 : Playing Cricket, Listening Songs in free time, Participating in Social Activities 

 


	IT Proficiency:
	Work Experience
	Achievement:
	Academic Details
	Personal Details

