

















































Resume

Rajkumar Nagendra Vishwakarma
Mobile: +91 9595222194
E-mail: rajkumarvk33@gmail.com



Objectives/Summary:

· Work in a reputed organization that will utilize my skills and abilities in management organization to achieve the goals of organization and self.
· Good ability to adapt new environments quickly and relate easily with people around as a result of having exposed to various cultures.


Professional Experience:

(1) Employer (Current)		:	MPHASIS 		
Cluster C,EON Kharadi Infrastructure Pvt. Ltd., SEZ,  Plot No. 1, S.No. 77, MIDC, Kharadi, Pune 411014.	
	Designation			:	Senior Transaction Processing Officer
	Date of joining			:	February, 2016 
Date of leaving			:	September, 2018
Department			:	First Republic Bank
Period				:	2 year 6 months.

Work Profile:
· Working in the process US Residential Mortgage Indexing and Loan Boarding for residential and commercial loans, Payoff Demand, HUD and Title Policy review.
· Using application such as Origination Systems, Lending servicing systems, Financial Servicing, Total Plus, Interface Manager, Power Lender, Trust Online, LERETA, AFS and macro tools in MS Excel, etc.
· Under New Loan Boarding board the new loans (ML, HELOC-IL and ODLOC) from bank internal department applications to servicing department applications and perform quality check of newly boarded loans.
· In Payoff Demand provide payoff details package and provide it to bank and customer.
· HUD and Title Policy review, Escrow, Indexing and verification of mortgage documents.





Academic Achievements:  
	Certification
	Institute/University
	Year of Passing
	Aggregate

	B.COM
	Pune University
	2015
	45.41 %

	H.S.C
	Maharastra Board
	2012
	47.83 %

	S.S.C
	Maharastra Board
	2010
	70.20 %




Technical Skills :

· MS OFFICE- MS CIT - Word, Excel, Power Point, etc.

Professional qualities:

· A good team player
· Highly self-motivated
· Ability to learn things quickly
· Passionateabout delivery and daily tasks


Personal Profile:

	Date of Birth    
	26th March 1993

	Email
	rajkumarvk33@gmail.com

	Permanent Address
	Rajeshri colony, Sr no 49, lane no. 1, wadgaon sheri pune - 14

	Language Known
	English, Marathi, Hindi




Declaration:
I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge.  

Date:

Place:								Rajkumar Nagendra Vishwakarma

