














































Gaurav Kumar 
Email : gaur539@gmail.com 
Contact no. : +91-7259101910 
 
Linkedin Profile Link:- https://www.linkedin.com/in/gaurav-kumar-70b49a124/ 
 

OBJECTIVE 
 
To become associated with a company where I can utilize my skills and establish a 
successful career in Data Oriented role while effectively contributing to the company's 
productivity and reputation. 
 

WORK EXPERIENCE 
 

Catastrophe Modeling Analyst in AIG Analytics & Services 
(Insurance with Energy & Engineered Risk Division)                            (Since June 2017) 
Roles :- 

 Clean the data according to the requirement of tools like Risk Browser, and Global 
Exposure Solution. These tools are used to calculate loss and premium by usin g 
historical data. 

 Model the data according to stakeholders using insurance knowledge . 
 Analyze the Insurance Loss Values from various catastrophes and Risk using Business 

Intelligence tools like MicroStrategy. 
 Assisting the stakeholders in taking business decisions in order to minimize risks and 

maximize profits by giving insights from the data. 
 

SKILLS & ABILITIES 
 

• Data Mining Tools: Python, SQL and Excel 
 

• Machine Learning Algorithms: Linear Regression, logistic regression, Decision tree, 
Random Forest, Dimensionality reduction with PCA, Clustering. 

• Basic Statistics 
• BI Tools : Working knowledge of MicroStrategy. 

   
 Projects 

 
• Project on SMART-SHOPPING in final semester. (Embedded System) 

Focus Area:- Minimize the area of supermarkets & human efforts done by customers and 

shopkeepers in supermarkets. 

Description :- Developed transmitter & receiver. Each product in shop will be attached with 
RFID tag. Transmitter will be in hand of customer and customer has to tap the given 

transmitter on to the product RFID tag. Transmitter will transfer the information of 
customer and their purchased items to the receiver of billing counter as well as in 

warehouse. Receiver is attached with a display in which customer information will be 
displayed. 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/gaurav-kumar-70b49a124/


• Consumer Complaints Resolution using Random Forest. 
Problem Statement :- Consumer complaint resolution is important to any business. We have been 
given details consumer complaints along with whether consumer disputed with the conclusion. If 
we are able to predict this, consumer likely disputed can be given more attention as to how the 
complaints are handled. 

Approach :- First I did some data analysis and found out which of the variables are impacting the 
predicted result. Since this was a classification problem I tried with Logistic regression and then 
build model with Random Forest. Random Forest gave AUC of 0.72 

• To Mail or Not To Mail a customer for a service using Logistic Regression. 
Problem Statement :- Direct mailings to a company’s potential customers – “junk mail” to many – 
can be a very effective way for them to market a product or a service. This junk mail is really of no 
interest to the people that receive it. If the company had a better understanding of who their 
potential customers were, they would know more accurately who to send it to, so some of this 
waste and expense could be reduced. 

Approach :- The data were very clean in this problem but the number of variables were high and 
with the help of data dictionary I drop some unwanted variables and another problem was in the  
predicted variable of training dataset data were not balanced, So I used under sampling first to 
reduce the number of samples and build the model with logistic regression and got AUC of 0.61 

Hackthons Participated IN Analytics Vidhya 
 Big Mart Sales Prediction:- Predicted the sales and got the RMSE 1147 with rank of 147 out 

of 1919 participants. 

 WNS Analytics Wizard 2018 :- Predicted whether an employee should get the promotion or 
not with Fbeta score of 0.50 and topper has the Fbeta score of 0.53.  

Certification 
 

 Edvancers : Certified Data Scientist with Python 
 Udemy      : MySQL for Data Analytics & Business Intelligence   

     Awards 
 

 Constellation Award by AIG Analytics & Services for the combined efforts as a team 
and for demonstrating excellence collectively. 

   ACADEMIC Qualifications 
• B.E from JSSATE Bangalore 2016 in electronics & communication (VTU) 

• 12
th

 from M. L. Jha Champanagar, Bhagalpur 2012 (BSEB)  
• 10

th
 from Adwaita Mission High School 2010 (CBSE)  

PERSONAL DETAILS 
 

Father's Name: Gopal Prasad Bhagat Gender: Male 
 

Date of Birth: 17-10-1994 Languages: Hindi, English 
 

Current address: #510, Block b1, Sobha Aquamarine, Green Glan Layout, Bellandur, 

Bangalore,560103.   
DECLARATION  

 
I hereby declare that the information furnished are true to the best of my knowledge. 

 

Date: 10-05-2018                                                                                           Gaurav Kumar 
Place: Bangalore 


