















































                                        Krishna Harish Salian                               
                                                                    Address: 401, shanti garden,
Building no 1, sector 6, behind royal college,                          
Mira Road (E), Mumbai: 401107.
E-mail: krishnasalian72@gmail.com
Contact No. 9036766429/9029001443
Career Objectives 
To develop my career as a management professional, where I can utilize my skills, creative ideas. 

And work as valuable team member for the organizational growth in a challenging and competitive 

Ambiance.

Summary 
· Total 2 years Experience in Raja Gopal Badri Narayan Firm as an Asst. HR.  
· Handling the employee’s requirement.
· Vendors and Making MIS report.

· Cars and Hotels Booking for customers or vendors.
· Total 3+ months of experience in IT recruitment.
· Experienced in all the activities of a Recruitment Cycle.
· Handled re-sourcing activities through job portals like Naukri.com.
· End to End recruitment cycle for contract and permanent staffing.
· Screening of CVs according to the requirement.

· Evaluating, Salary Negotiations and Reference Checks.
· Making data base and excel sheet to update the work.
Professional Qualification 
MBA in Human Resource as major specialization and Finance as my minor Specialization from NIILM SCHOOL OF BUSINESS, Bangalore.
Professional Experience 
Employer: Raja Gopal Badri Narayan Client was ABB LTD 
Industry: Power Engineering 
Location: Mumbai 
Duration: 1/1/2006 to 30/12/2008
Employer: Talent Capital India Pvt. Ltd
Industry: Staffing and Recruiting
Location: Bangalore
Duration: Nov 2010 To Feb 2011.
Roles and Responsibilities

·  Handling requirements for companies like TCS, WIPRO,CAPGEMINI
· Recruiting the people through various sources like portals (Naukri), referrals and through database.

· Collect the requirement and understanding the requirements.

· Sourcing the resumes based on technology, skill set, experience and education, screening and short-listing the matched one.

· Conducting the preliminary telephonic interview to understand the candidate's competencies like interest towards the job, commitment, technical skills, qualification etc., for determining the suitability to match the requirement.

· Following up with prospective candidates until they complete all the rounds of interview, selection and On boarding

· Salary negotiation after selection from client and coordinating with joining formalities.

· Post Follow up with on boarded candidates for employee relation, adaptability with the client's environment and Job satisfaction.
· Preparing daily as well as weekly tracker and updating
Strength Points

· Ability to work individually & also as part of a team

· Comprehensive problem solving ability

· Good verbal and written communication skill

· Ability to set objectives, work according to priorities and meet deadline.

· Willingness to learn, team facilitator
Project 
· Project done in Retail Management (BIG BAZAAR, OLD MADRAS ROAD)”organizational study”

1. Perk handling 

2. Record Maintenance

3. ESIC 

4. Compensation part. 
· Project done in Power sector (ABB LTD, Fort) 

1. Forms auditing 

2. Candidate background verification.
3. File Management.

4. ESIC Clearance
Academic Qualification 
	Course
	College/Institution 
	University

	Year

	Class


	MBA(4th Sem)
	NSB NIILM 
	Algappa University
	2009-2011
	First Class

	Bcom
	Bhavans College
		2006-2007
	First Class

	HSC
	Dr.T.r.Naravane Jr. College
	Maharashtra Board 
	2002-2003
	First Class

	SSC
	Dhanamal High School
	Maharashtra Board
	2000-2001
	Second Class


	


Computer Knowledge 
· Business Software: MS Office

· Internet Proficient 
Keys  skills and Attributes
· Believe in smart work as well as hard work. 

· Optimistic, Loyal and enthusiastic.

· Maintains healthy spirit of leadership. 

· Good analytical skills.

· Confident and poised in interactions with individuals at all levels.
Personnel Details 
     Father’s   Name          

:   Harish Lokaya Salian
     Date of Birth

:   11th December, 1984.
     Gender

:   Male

     Languages Known

:   English, Hindi, Tulu, Marathi, Guajarati, 
     Postal Address

:   #42, shree krupa, 13th main, 3rd cross,

Abhigere main, K.G.Halli, Jallahalli (W), Bangalore-560016
                                         
        Permanent Address                   :  401/402,Shanti Garden,Sector 6, Building no 1, 

                                                                  Behing Royal college, Mira Road(E),Mumbai 401107. 
     Interest                                        :  Yoga, Reading, watching movie, travelling and tracking.
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for correctness of the above mentioned particulars.

(Krishna H. Salian)

