














































     

 

 

 

Software testing engineer with thorough experience in all levels of testing, including 

performance, functional, integration, system, regression, sanity and user acceptance testing looking 

for transition in automation testing. 

 

 Operating Systems: Windows (all versions) and Linux. 

 Languages : SQL,Python 

 Exposure to tools: MySQL, Python Basic, Selenium basic, phpMyAdmin, OS Ticket, Smart sheet, 

Bugzilla and Jira software. 

 Other Skills : 

• Hands on experience in Integration, Service, Web Application and API Testing.  
• Proficient in analyzing requirements, preparing test plans, test scenarios, test cases to 

implement full coverage and defect identification. 
• Prioritizing the workload and deadlines by working in an organized and systematic manner 
• Team player, willing to learn and flexible to changes. 

 
 Company: Capillary Technology Private Limited. 

 

Company: Capillary Technology Private Limited. 

Designation: Software quality Engineer (13th July 2015- Till Date) 

Job Role: Quality Analyst. 

 

Project 1: Generic testing for Wondersoft- eshopaid : Lithium-III 
Client: Wonder soft (billing POS provider for Retailer) 

 Certified the third party tool. 
 Tested the existing features of third party tool are compatible with features of our 

product.  
 Used API to test loyalty engine and Campaign. 
 Performed multiple transactions such as Regular, Return, Not Interested, Not Interested 

return, including Coupon and Points redemption in eshopaid tool. 
 Did a back end verification in member care and Data Base (Php admin Tool) for the valid 

records and to check the appearance of the data format and data storage in exact location 
  
 
Project 2: Vans Web Application 
Client: Retail and Consumer brands 
 

 Web app to register customer and check for the status. 
 Used API, for testing status of customer. 
 Integrated with TTPOS tools to authenticate the customer and add transaction. 
 Performed UI, functional, regression, Integration and sanity testing. 
 Regressing the live and dev build of the apps before each patch release. 
 Document the defects in a bug tracking tool (JIRA). 

BABITHA R U 
+919731196368 
E-mail: babitha90ru@gmail.com 

Key Skill: 

Work experience and Project 
 



 Conduct regression tests on legacy builds regularly to ensure a quality product release on 
agreed deadlines. 

 
Project 3: Integration 
Types: FTP,API, .XML,DB to API. 
 

 Based on the requirement of client any one of the types is integrated with client tool and 
tested with our product. 

 Tested for the logical condition, creation and insertion of records using data mapping. 
 Validation check through API for services. 
 Checked client DB and our DB to find the flow of data. 
 Testing performed in client system and data are validated in the front end as well as back 

end. 
 Documented the defects in bug tracking tool jira. 

 
Project 4: Product configuration, Campaign and Loyalty point engine 
Client : Retailers  

 Setting the configuration for product and testing (Manual sync, Delta sync). 
 Performed black box testing, smoke testing.  
 Creating the campaign based on the requirement.  

 Tested the existing features of third party tool are compatible with features of our product 
 Testing the campaign in all scenarios.  
 Creating the loyalty engine, testing, then approving it to go live  
 Export and importing the data in database. 

 
 

 

 Responsible for various services to go live 

 Interact with accounts and development team to understand new business and technical 

requirement and defect fixing. 

 Take ownership of testing and signing off the projects. 

 Providing Demo to Client on call or through live if it is necessary 

 Documented the defects and continuously co-ordinated with third party dev for bug fixing. 
 Provided quick resolution to client for their frequent queries. 
 Responsible for throughout the project, for all its issues and to get fixed until gone to prod. 
 Internal projects to enhance the product with various services to make trouble-free. 

 
 

 

B.E in Electronics & Communication from NMAMIT NITTE -2008 to 2012.with aggregate of 67.03% 

   

 

                         I hereby declare that all the information furnished by me is true to the best of my 

knowledge and belief. 

 

Date:                                                                                                         Signature 

Place: Bangalore.                                                                                    (Babitha R U) 

Declaration: 

Educational Qualification: 
 

Roles and Responsibilities 

 


