










































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURRICULUM VITAE

Umesh Pardale
9867247068
pardaleumesh@gmail.com
Career Objectives

I would like to explore my potential in an organization where I am given creative freedom and offered challenges to meet organizational objectives, which will allow me professional and personal growth.

Present Status

Presently, I am working as a Team Lead in INTEGREON MANAGED SOLUTIONS (INDIA) PVT. LTD.
Personal Skills
· Willingness to take responsibility and drive myself to fulfill them.
· Creative and Logical with good problem solving skills.

· Task oriented. 

· Dependable & Resourceful with an ability to keep a cool head in crisis.

· Ability to delegate work efficiently and also groom subordinates.

Professional Experience Summary

INTEGREON MANAGED SOLUTIONS (INDIA) PVT. LTD: (2nd May 05 till Date)

Integreon is a business process outsourcing (BPO) company that specializes in Knowledge Services, Document and Content Services, Business Administration Services,  Legal Service, Graphics and Media Services.

Tools Used:   PagePro, Job2Go, JobPro, Edgar Docs, Abby Fine Reader, EZCompare and also basic applications like Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Photoshop, PDF etc.
Job Profile: 

· Stylizing and Conversion of unformatted Financial documents i.e. Balance Sheet, Statement of Assets and Liabilities, Statement of Operations, Portfolio of Investment to various output such as Post Script, Html, Word, PPT, Excel etc. as per the client’s request and instructions.

· Jobs sent by the client can be of a QTA, overnight, highly style conscious, graphical, very badly formatted, Alterations etc. and has to be returned back with the given ETA (Estimated Time Allotted) with 100% quality.

Jobs are sometimes produced on remote server on client’s desktop (Citrix)

Work Profile:
· Motivate, counsel and appreciate the team members for their efforts.

· Accountable and responsible for team member’s performance and appraisals.
· Responsible for the delivery of jobs on time with 100% quality.
· Prioritize the jobs based on the ETA and complexity. And assign the sections or jobs among the team members.

· Reviews all the assigned jobs from Team Lead. Checks for any queries on the jobs.
· Preflight the jobs, split into sections and make it easy for production and stylizing.

· Pass on the instructions to the team and also provide best techniques and shortcuts to the members to do the jobs quickly.
· Do the Final Quality Check on the jobs before returning back to the Client.
· Train and Update the team members with all the styles and best practices to improve their productivity and efficiency.
Professional Achievements:
· Received Employee of the Year Award for Outstanding Performance for year 2008-2009.
· Received Superior Performance Award for Responsibility and Commitment (SPARC Award).
Technical Qualifications

	1)  OPERATING SYSTEM
	:
	Windows 95/98/2000/XP

	2)  APPLICATIONS
	:
	MS-Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Internet

	3)  Typing speed 
	:
	40 wpm


Educational Qualifications

	DEGREE
	BOARD/ UNIVERSITY
	YEAR OF PASSING

	T.Y.B.Com
	Mumbai University
	1998

	H.S.C
	Mumbai University
	1995

	S.S.C
	Mumbai University
	1993


Personal Details

Name 



: Umesh Balkrishna Pardale.
Address


: 4/Pankaj Niwas, Shivaji Nagar,




  S.S. Road, Bhandup (W).





  Mumbai 400078.
Date of Birth

: 1st June 1978.
Cell No.


: 9867247068.
Marital Status

: Married.
Email Address
   
: pardaleumesh@gmail.com
Languages Known

: English, Hindi and Marathi.
Place: Mumbai
Umesh Pardale
