















































Kavindra Nath pandey

	Contact 
	E mail 
	                 ADDRESS 

	+91-9958012261
	kavindranathpandey@gmail.com

	A-1 

Plot no-10 Ambica Appartment 

Near IME College

Sahibabad Ghaziabad


	Objective
	To obtain challenging and responsible position in an organization wherein I contribute to the successful growth of an organization using my abilities and knowledge. "There is always a better way of doing things" is the common belief.

	Professional
Qualification
	M B A From Madan Mohan Engineering College Gorakhpur affiliated to Uttar Pradesh Technical University Lucknow in 2007. 

Specialization in Marketing & Human Resource Management.


	Academic Qualification
	· Matriculation From Indian Council for Secondary Education Year 1999

Inter mediate From Indian School Of Secondary education  Year  2001

Graduation From Veer Bhadur Singh Purvanchal University 2004


	Operating Systems
	 Can work On the Operating system Of windows

	Languages
	Non It Professional But can Operate on  Office  as well as Internet


	ACHIEVEMENTS & strengths


	Had maintained the sale of the firm product though there was fall in sale of the product of the competitors

Had Being offered as Sales Manager by Bajaj Alliance corporate group Acme Enterprise 



	other Interests
	· Riding Bikes &  Do  prefer for internet surfing 
· Do Interested In The field Of  Marketing. 


	Summer Training 
	· Had Under Gone summer Training For Renusagar Power Plant
Topic-: Inventory management System
Aim -: Controlling the inventory as per studying their statistics

To understand the  inventory system of orgainisation.



	Experience
	Have Experience For  1 Year For the Marketing  Field. For Oyster Remedies  as Medical representative 2004-2005

Have Been Working For Montage Enterprises From 2007 July Till Date.

	Current  Job
	  Currently Working For Montage Enterprises Pvt Ltd Noida.

 Designation-: Marketing Officer 
 Profile -:1)Meeting with Client & To Work as Per Their Need For the designing of  Multilayered   Plastic Laminate.

              2)  To look after the Order Execution for the  material   Right from getting the order to

                  That of the Supply to the Customer

              3) To look after the Payments From Client.

              4) To get the account to be easily executed and solve disputes.

              In one words it is a B2b  Client Handling  Especially Haldiram Delhi/Grg/Noida.

                Else New Client Development .  As customer Service executive.                   

                

	Target Job
	Target Job Title:                  

 Desired Job Type:               

 Work Load:                          

 Location:                             




Personal Sketch

	Father’s Name
	Shri Dhirendra Kumar Pandey

	Date of Birth
	30 Dec 1984

	Sex
	Male

	Nationality
	Indian

	Marital Status
	Un Married

	Languages Spoken
	English/Hindi

	Strengths
	Focus On The Target  Given for Execution


Date: 

Place:




                                                                   (Name)                     
