
















































                                                                                   CURRICULUM  VITAE                                                                           
                                                                                                                                             Add:  77/1 Dr. Jiban ratan dhar road.
                                                                                                                                                           Kamlapur, 24 pargana(north).
                                                                                                                                                           Kolkata-28.   
AVISHEK MISHRA
E-mail id-avishekm14@gmail.com
Contact No- 9804104306

Job Objective:-                                                                                                                                              
                 To work in globally competitive environment on challenging assignments that shall yield the twin benefits of the job satisfaction and a steady-pace professional growth.   

Education:-
	   Year
	        Examination
	      School/College
	% Of Marks

	     2014
	    B.Tech (ECE) 
	Narula Institute of technology
	8.22(C.G.P.A)

	     2009
	Higher  secondary examination
	Dumdum airport hindi high school
	60.2%

	     2007
	Secondary  examination
	Dumdum airport hindi high school
	59.5%	



Work Experience:-
1. 2 year 4 months of Experience As ‘Java/Android Developer’ in Karmick Solutions Pvt Ltd.
Key skill:-
1. Language Known: C, JAVA/J2EE , ANDROID.
2. Frameworks Known: Spring,  Hibernate , Struts.
3. Key skill:  GCM , Google Maps , Social Media Integration , Online Payment Gateway.
4. Database: MYSQL,ORACLE
5. Operating system:  Windows, Linux.
Training and Projects:-
1. Done training on Advance java from Globsyn.
2. Done training on Android from Globsyn.

Projects:
Project 1: App name :- UM tap-tap
                 Language of Implementation:- Android
                 Operating System:- Windows
                 Description :- This is a social networking app for people want to connect with professionals near our location and exchange business information and chat with them instantly.    
Project 2: App name :-  CleanBuoy
                 Language of Implementation  :- Android
                 Operating  System :- Windows
                 Description :-  Following app is for laundry and services where user can select services and under that give details of what kind of cloths and based on that it will order.

Project 3: App name:- Multiques
                 Language of Implementation:-JEE and Android
                 Operating System:-linux
                 Description:- It's app for Store management for submitting furniture orders. Admin section is made in J2ee with hibernate as orm tool. Admin has privilege of editing or granting the orders and keep track of them. 
Strengths:-
                    Quick learning skill.
                          Capable to adopt myself to different environments.
                          Able to work in team.
Academic achievements:-
1. Runner up in robo race in college Tech fest.
2. Winner in robo scocer in college Tech fest.
3. Zonal Winner in Indo-US robo legue. 
Personal details:-
                          Date of birth: 12 july 1992
                          Father’s name: Mr. Dev kumar mishra
                          Nationality: Indian
                          Language known: Hindi, English , Bengoli
                          Hobbies:- Playing Cricket,  Robotics ,  Driving Bikes.
Declaration:-
                 I do hereby declare that the information given in this application is true, completed and correct to best of  my knowledge & belief.                                                                          
  
Date: 02-03-2017                                                                              Avishek Mishra
Place: Kolkata           
