














































Curriculum Vitae 
 

P a g e  | 1 
 

R PRASANNA KUMAR 

   

   

Address: Sri Srinivasa PG, Behind hanuman Temple, Madiwala - 560068 
 

Email: lintonprasanna@gmail.com 

Phone: +91 8088284448 / +91 7892166392 

 

SUMMARY 

 

A skilled Technical Support Professional with 3 years and 3 months of experience in Technical 

support, System Administration, Microsoft Outlook, Exchange Server, Active Directory. 

 

EXPERIENCE 

 

Designation: Technical Support Engineer Duration: 10th April 2017 – Present 

Company: Betsol Software (India) Pvt Ltd. Client: 
Arise Virtual Solutions 

(Supporting 30+ Clients) 

Responsibilities: 

 Inbound calls and Online chat support handling technical issues for 30+ clients under the project 
name Arise Virtual Solutions. 

 Handling IT incidents through Service Now Management tool. 

 Managing Active Directory Server users and handling VPN access management through Pulse 
Secure (using DUO security authentication) & Cisco applications. 

 Installing, Configuring and resolving technical issues with VPN, Citrix Receiver, VMware, Avaya 
One X, ASD (Arise Secure Desktop) and AVG (Arise Vitrual Gateway) according to the client 

requirement. 

 Handling various client application issues. Unresolved sessions are transferred to Level 2 for 
further troubleshooting and to escalate accordingly. 

 Salesforce application support for Intuit client (Installation, Uninstallation, Account resets, Profile 
Management etc). 

 Avaya application configuration in Citrix and VMware for majority of clients that we support. 

 Providing floor support for new agents and mentoring them. 

 Ensuring that all SLAs are met as per the client requirement and Providing stat reports to up line 
managers regarding daily attainment scores by data analysis. 

 Platform supported: Mac OS, Windows 10, 8.1, 8, 7, Vista and XP(only limited troubleshooting) 



Curriculum Vitae 
 

P a g e  | 2 
 

 

Designation: Technical Support Engineer Duration: 
11th February 2016 – 6th April 

2017 

Company: Net Connect Global, Bangalore Client: 
Hewlett Packard Global Soft Pvt. 

Ltd., Bangalore 

Responsibilities: 

 

 Managing Active Directory and Microsoft Office 365 Exchange Server users. 

 Configuring internal users’ devices for business emails. 

 Handling IT incidents through HP Service Management tool. 

 Handling VPN access management through Cisco. 

 Providing floor support for new agents and mentoring them. 

 Ensuring that all SLAs are met as per the client requirement. 

 Troubleshooting software and system issues for customers through remote access tools. 

 Configuration and troubleshooting of Microsoft Outlook. 

 Analyzing application issues as per interaction tickets and assigning them to respective team. 

 First tier support in handling escalation tickets to ensure client satisfaction. 

 Updating team with the latest Knowledge Base articles to ensure standardization and attain the    
required resolution percentage. 

 Providing stat reports to up line managers regarding daily attainment scores by data analysis. 

 Conducting problem solving sessions with team to find the root cause of defects. 

 

Designation: 
Client Technical Support 

Associate 
Duration: 

4th May 2015 – 11th September 

2015 

Company: 
DELL International Services India 

Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore 
Client: DELL DSS Bglr DTC IB 

Certification: Dell Certified Resolution Expert  

Responsibilities: 



Curriculum Vitae 
 

P a g e  | 3 
 

Designation: 
Client Technical Support 

Associate 
Duration: 

4th May 2015 – 11th September 

2015 

 Troubleshooting of personal computers. On line Support to customers concerning their     
computer problems. 

 Troubleshooting hardware and software problems over Phone and Remote access tools. 
 Configuring the peripherals, components and drivers. 
 Managing the LAN and Network related issues. 
 Installing software and application to user standards. 
 Deep knowledge of printer issues. Configuring and troubleshooting desktops and Laptops. 
 Familiar with hardware tools like Printers and Networking & Telecommunications devices. 
 Excellent troubleshooting skills in complex software and hardware problems. Delivering 

proactive monitoring and preventive maintenance. 

 

SKILLS 

 

Domain: Technical Support 

Skill Sets: 
Chat Support, Software Troubleshooting, Active Directory, OS 

Formatting, System Troubleshooting, Technical Support Training. 

Tools: 
Citrix, Microsoft Office 365, Cisco VPN Client, HP Service 

Management SM9.33P2HF1, Cisco Agent Desktop. 

OS Platforms: Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1, Windows 10. 

TRAININGS UNDERGONE 

 

 

 Networking, JAVA, SQL, LINUX, Cloud Computing (Sales Force), Software 
             Testing, MS Server 2008 at AMC Square Learning, Bangalore. 

 

 Undergone Implant Training in “Fundamentals of Telecommunication” at BSNL 
            (Salem, TN) from 15th Jan to 19th Jan 2013. 

 



Curriculum Vitae 
 

P a g e  | 4 
 

EDUCATION 

 

Discipline Institute Location Aggregate 

Bachelor of 

Engineering (ECE) 

Mahendra Institute of Engineering and 

Technology 
Salem, TN 73% 

12th Standard 
Kendriya Vidyalaya Steel Plant 

Visakhapatnam 
Visakhapatnam, AP 57 % 

10th Standard 
Kendriya Vidyalaya Gachi Bowli 

Hyderabad 
Hyderabad, AP 70 % 

 

PERSONAL INFORMATION 

 

Name: R Prasanna Kumar  

Father’s Name: C Ravi Kumar 

Date of Birth: 11-11-1992 

Gender: Male 

Nationality: Indian 

Marital Status: Single 

Languages Known English, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada 

 

DECLARATION 

I declare that the particulars given above are correct and complete to the best of my 
knowledge and believe that nothing has been concealed by me. 

 

Place:   

 

(R Prasanna Kumar) Date:  

 


