
















































 

Chetan. R. Kabburi.                                                                                                 
 +91-8552036309                                                           
 +91-9844030330                                                    chetan2010k@gmail .com                     

Objective:  
                       To acquire a position that affords me the opportunity to bring my technical expertise, problem solving skills and willingness to learn to make an organization successful.

SAS Skills: 
Experience in SAS Base SAS Advance (9.3) like Importing and Exporting data to external files formats like Flat, Excel, Xml files & ACCESS dataset using LIBNAME, Data management skills like, MERGING, READING ROW DATA FILES, CREATING DATA, HANDLING Programmer ERRORS, Accessing and Managing Data. 
Experience in producing a SAS report using PROCEDURES. 
Experience in SAS/SQL for creating Report, Displaying Query Result, Generating Tables & view SQL joins and Set Operator. 
Broadly used SAS-Macro for creating Macro Variables, Macro Programs and Auto Call Macro Library to modify existing SAS program while maintaining consistency of result.
Comprehensively used SAS Visual Analytics to prepare customized reports using SAS Visual Analytics & Explorer to do several types of exploration on the given data sets & Created hierarchies to provide the drill down functionality to the reports.
Use SAS visual analytics administrator to perform some functions of the LASR Analytic server.
Professional / Work Experience:

Total Work Experience: 2 years 8 month

Designation: Consultant at Equifax Business Analytics, Bengalore

Tenure: Jan’17 to Present (1 years and 8 month)

Project undergone at Axis bank (client Site):

. Joined one of the largest Indian Retail banks as client. Started monitoring campaigns for Labilities.

. Have complete ownership of the client which includes end to end client management, project management and delivery of analytical solution to improve marketing effectiveness of the client.

. Started from scratch on short term metrics and long term metrics, which helps in measuring the health of campaigns. 

.Have worked on long term effects on saving accounts’ Balances after the campaign period.

. Channel Optimization- Segmentation of SA population to find out the proper channel (CRM, Email, ADC etc.) to increase the customer reach. 

. Have identified deep pockets of higher conversion rates and lower cost of acquisitions within the target population.

 . Have monitored Campaigns on each aspects/ Product of a retail bank like Liabilities, Loans, Credit Cards, Debit Cards and Digital – Internet Banking, Mobile Banking.
 
. Have come out with metrics for monitoring campaigns such as Lift/ Incremental Response Rate, Incremental Customers, Incremental Balances / Spends, Cost per Acquisition, Economic value, which helped in gauging the performance of campaigns.

. Have tracked campaigns in every end of the month based on test and control population, have worked on Acquisition / Registration campaigns like trigger campaigns and Batch campaigns, Mobile Banking , Internet Banking Registration etc.

. Have prepared cluster for non-targeted customer within 3 months so that business team can easily target in campaigns to the specific clusters. 

. Have worked on Customer profiling for the Non-targeted customer within 3 months, have worked on trends, so as to know the campaign performance for the last 3 months.


Total Work Experience: 4 month

Designation: Associate Engineering at Ryzklytix consulting pvt.ltd.

Client Name: Confidential 
Roles & Responsibilities:
. Run the CRMS portal (Credit Risk Management System). .
. Validation of Break Up (Excel Report) Report with PDF report. 
. Created a Pipe delimited files for All Reports. 
. Analysis of DI transformation and corresponding modification/ Enhancement in queries on
   the bases of client requirement.
. Interacting with team members for changing in queries. 
. For self-development, analyzed Code, DI Transformation, Stored Process & Reports.

  Environment: SAS/ Base, SAS/Macro, SAS/SQL, SAS/DI, MS-Excel.

Total Work Experience: 7 month

Designation: Consultant intern at ETCS. 
Client Name: Confidential 
Roles & Responsibilities:
. Used to write some common macros that are helpful across multiple studies.
. Imported the row data in SAS EG using procedure, wizard and data- steps.
. Done data cleaning base on the Requirement. 
. Ability to do combine the dataset together using PROC SQL and merge, set, append statement.
. Extensive use of PROC SQL to perform queries joins tables. Restructured data set.
. Created Reports in PDF, HTML, RTF formats according to the client specifications. 
. Export dataset to the excel sheets using procedure, data steps.
. Used data _null_ and Proc Report to generate the outputs (error checking).
. Worked in diverse team.
  Environment: SAS/ Base, SAS/ Macro, SAS/ SQL, SAS/ Access, MS-Excel.


Education Qualification: 
	Qualification
	Institution
	University/Board

	SAS/Base certification
	Epoch Research Institute Bangalore
			SAS INDIA

	BCA
(Bachelor Of           Computer Application)

	
BCA College, Nidsoshi, Belgaum
	
Karnataka University ,
Dharwad




Personal Details: 
Name		            :  Chetan.R.Kabburi.
Dob    	                       :  April 2, 1992.
Marital Status	 :  Single.
Languages Known   :  Marathi, Hindi, English, Kannada.
Hobbies 	           :  Paintings, Listening Music, Playing Cricket, Reading Books,
                                    Novels.
 Address                   :  Chetan. R Kabburi
                                      A/p-Halkarni, Dasara Chowk, Terani,
                                      Near Police Station, Halkarni.
                                      Tal-Gadhinglaj, Dist-Kolhapur.
                                      Pin- 416506.


Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the above particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
 Place:                                                                                                       Signature
Date:                                     			                                   Chetan.R.Kabburi

