
































RENU B. S. 
 

E-mail: bsrenu15@gmail.com 

 

Contact: +91-9738477378 

 

 

 Career Objective 
 

To integrate with the company as dynamically as possible and use my skill and passion towards 

Taxation, Audits & Accounting Domain to the company’s, as well as my personal growth. Have 
rational, smart and practical approach to situation having legal implication. Be consistent and 

highly productive utilizing knowledge / skills of computer. 

 

With around 3.6 years of experience, I have always demonstrated good interpersonal skills and 

zeal to learn new things. My greatest strength is to approach changes in work/assignments in a 

very positive attitude and ensure completion on the assigned activities. 

 

Have a great passion and zeal to become a CA and have cleared first group of Integrated 

Professional Competence Course(IPCC). 

 

Certifications:  

 

 GMCS - 1 (General Management and Communication Skills) from ICAI (The Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India) 

 Information Technology Training Course certification from ICAI. 
 

 Skill Set 
 

Operating System:  Windows2007 Professional, Windows XP, Windows 7 

Tools:    MS-Office, MS-Excel & Tally ERP 9. 

 

 

Work Scan 
 

Since August  2014  T V S Bhat and Co, Chartered Accountants, Bengaluru 

 

                                                      Audit assistant from August 2014 to December 2014. 

                                                      Article assistant from January 2015 to January 2018. 

 

Education 
 

 Bachelors in Commerce, Vijaya Degree College, Bangalore, Karnataka (Affiliated to 
Bangalore University, Karnataka), with an aggregate of 79% during 2011-2014.  

 

 PUC: 86%, Vijaya Pre-University College, Bangalore 

mailto:bsrenu15@gmail.com


 

 SSLC: 86%, P.T.A School, Bangalore 
 

Work Details 
 

Organization:  T V S Bhat and Co, Chartered Accountants. 

Time Period:  Since August’14 
Role Played:  

 Coordinate activities between the client organization and the chief 
auditor for a successful audit. 

 Online Income Tax Returns filing for Individuals, Partnership Firms, 
Companies Tax audit accounts. 

 Preparation and filing of VAT and Service Tax periodical returns. 
 Preparation of Annual VAT audit reports. Have handled audit reports for 

clients with annual turnovers of 250 - 300 crores. 

 Preparation of CA certificates providing opinion on TDS on foreign 
remittances (Form 15CB). 

 Verify the supporting documents of bills, receipts and reconciliation 
statements. 

 Find out any discrepancies within the documents and statements and 
post relevant entries to make corrections. 

 Inspect the final amounts of assets and liabilities and compare them 
with amounts displayed in balance sheets. 

 Work in Registrar of Companies – Documents Preparation, company 
formation, filing of Statutory and Annual forms. 

 

Personal Dossier 
 

Father’s Name:            B.S. Suryanarayana 
Date of Birth:  15

th
 July 1993 

Sex:   Female 

Marital Status:  Single 

Nationality:  Indian 

Languages Known: English, Hindi, Kannada and Telugu 

Hobbies: Travelling, Photography, Music, Sports, Reading Novels 

Address: #519-22/1, Adithya , Garuthaman Park, Behind R. V. Teacher’s College, 
Basavanagudi, Bengaluru-560004 

 

 

I hereby declare that the above-furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge and 

belief. 

 

 

 Place: Bengaluru         RENU B. S. 


