









































 

 ABDUL MOIN AZEEM BEG  
Contact No: +966-532981705  

Email ID: amoin4891@gmail.com   
 
 

[Executive Summary] 
 

Qualified HR Executive with experience of over 14 years. My career span exists in the areas of Oil & Gas, Construction, 

Engineering, Hospitality and Manufacturing industry.  
 

My expertise includes creating Technical Recruitment Plan, Talent development, HR strategy, Organization design & development, 

Succession Planning, Performance Assessment and HR System establishments. 
 

Playing major role in recruiting  Technical and Non-Technical positions in Engineering, Construction, Drilling, Operations, 

Maintenance and IT roles. Recruited nationalities from across the globe and across levels. Worked on Corporate side and with 

global technical manpower outsourcing company alongside multi-cultural recruitment & administrative support teams.  

 
 

 

[Education] 
 

Bachelor’s Degree in Instrumentation in the year 2003 from CSJM University, Kanpur India. 

 
 

[Noteworthy Accomplishments] 
  

Technical/Non-Technical Recruitment (SAP E-Recruitment / Success Factors) 

Manpower Optimization Planning  

Succession Planning (Success Factors)  

Performance Management System (Success Factors)  

Formulation of HR Policies & Procedures  

Organization Structure  

Job Description  

Job Matrix  

Job Grade Structure  

Uniform Compensation Structure (based on Grade Code)  

Employee Relations 
 

 

[Employment Summary]  
 

Yanbu Aramco Sinopec Refining Company Ltd. (YASREF)  
Sr. HR Analyst  

January-2017 to Till Date  
 

Sr. Technical Recruitment Specialist   

January-2012 to December-2016  

 

Jeddah Cables Company  
Recruitment Specialist  

June-2010 to February-2012  

 

Jal International Co. Ltd.   
Sr. Recruitment Officer  

October-2007 to April-2010 

 

ZTS Manpower Consultant 
HR Executive 

July-2003 to September-2007 
 
 

 

mailto:amoin4891@gmail.com


 

[Major Responsibilities] 
 

 

Technical / Non-Technical Recruitment 
 

 

Understand: Study and understand the Industry, Technology, Technical Roles and Technical Skills.    
 

Review: Reviewing job descriptions (JD) and conducting job briefing (JB) sessions with proponent to understand their need as well to 

ask questions that’ll help to identify the right candidate. (It is by far the most important skill a technical recruiter needs). 
 

Identify: Sourcing Strategies.  
 

Screening: Ascertaining the capability of candidates against requirement.  
 

Candidate Engagement: Constantly communicating with capable talent to increase candidate engagement. Robust communication is 

the cornerstone which will create a sense of empowerment & respect and eliminate the fear of repercussion.   
 

Preliminary Interview: Meeting candidates in person, telephone, or video conference etc. to assess their qualification, behavior an 
approach.  
 

Following up: Keeping candidates in loop. This goes a long way to build the credibility and inspire the candidates either coming back 
or at-least sending referrals to us.  
 

 

 Developing and executing a strategic recruitment plan to address YASREF talent resource needs.  
 Ensuring compliance with policies and procedures, right from approvals for requisitions to selection methodologies.  
 Engaging local and overseas manpower recruitment agencies (India/Pakistan/Malaysia/Indonesia/Philippines/US/UK) to 

recruit skilled personnel and establish terms with recruiting agencies. 

 Develop applicant pools by researching and contacting various sources such as community services, trade schools, colleges 
and leveraging internet database sites and social media sources. 

 Managing the complete recruitment lifecycle for identifying best talent from diverse sources and planning HR requirements 
in consultation with different Functional Heads.  

 Assessing the qualifications of applicants for numerous positions by conducting initial application/resume reviews as well as 
video conferencing, phone and in person interviews.  

 Counseling the candidate on Technology, Corporate Benefits, Salary, and Environment.  
 Workforce Planning, Organization Structure, Sourcing, Selection, Salary negotiations.  
 Identifying future talent needs, proactively sourcing and developing talent pool.  
 Arrange telephonic / F2F interviews for local/overseas candidates. 
 Visiting Career Fairs for Saudi recruitment and to canvas YASREF as a preferred employer. 
 Initiating all post selection activities (Offer, Background Investigation, Medical, Visa Endorsement etc.) 
 Process Salary Offer Approval by HRMS workflow. 
 Advise HR-Government Relations to obtain Employment Visa and put in motion mobilization formalities upon receipt. 
 Activate recruitment process for replacement of retirees in positions featured in approved Retirement Plan.  
 Ensuring business heads and hiring managers are updated regularly and satisfied with recruitment support.  
 Reviewing recruitment activity and tracking progress through monthly HR Reports.  

 

Manpower Optimization Planning 
 

Saudization Planning  
Successfully designed a strategic program for manpower optimization process to determine the appropriate size of company's Saudi 

workforce in order to meet the obligations towards Saudization and develop the strategies to meet Saudization goals.  
 

Plan Prerequisites  
1. Effective Organizational Structure (Job Matrix / Job Family / Grading)  

2. HR Policies and Procedural Guidelines  

3. Uniform/ Vindicated Salary Structure (min. & max. range for all grades)  

4. Talent Acquisition Frame Work  
 

Saudization Plan Process  
1. Setting Saudization Goals  

2. Identification of Saudi Workforce Needs  

3. Saudi Workforce Gap Analysis  

4. Saudization Plan Implementation  

*Employment of currently available qualified Saudis in the labor market.  

*Employment-Toward-Development of Saudis to be qualified for employment in the future.  

5. Retention and Development of Saudi Workforce  

*Succession Planning  

*Performance Management  

*Compensation  

*Professional Training (On Job Trainings / Knowledge Sharing Programs)  

http://technicalrecruitingbook.com/resources/become-an-it-recruiter/practice-job-description-review/


*Certification (IK & OOK)  

6. High Level Annual Plan Review and Enhancement Activity  
 

Organization Development:  
 

1. Identifying Organization development initiatives.  

2. Create systems and processes for the job creation, organizational structure design and organizational change rules.  

3. Maintain system for Job band, Job grading, Job Descriptions, Job matrix and Job evaluations.  

4. Create and implement programs at work that connect employees with business goals.  

5. Consult with management to identify the best practice of business processes.  

6. Identifying business initiatives to ascertain appropriate programs that meet company goals.  

7. Develop methods for data formatting, data analysis methodologies, and management reporting.  

8. Create effective strategic planning methods.  

9. Identify data collection tools, data sources, benchmarks, and performance targets.  

10. Create uniform compensation model for each grade.  

11. Implement major changes in all aspects of operation.  

12. Talk with management to identify specific work situations requiring employees to better understand changes in policies, 

procedures, regulations, and technologies.  

13. Develop/implement methods of measuring the employee performance which aligns with organizational goals.  

14. Diagnose potential organizational problem areas and recommend rational solution for that.  
 

Succession Planning 
 

Performing the process of succession planning to identify and develop new leaders who can replace old leaders when they leave or 

retire. Which increases the availability of experienced and capable employees to assume those roles as they become available.  

(Replacement planning for key roles which is the heart of succession planning)  

1. Identify Key Areas and Positions.  

2. Critical Position Identification process.  

3. Identify Capabilities for Key Areas and Positions.  

4. Identify Interested Employees and Assess Them Against Capabilities.  

5. Develop and Implement Succession and Knowledge Transfer Plans.  

6. Evaluate Effectiveness.  
 

Performance Assessment System 
 

Administrating Performance management system, the annual exercise of goal setting / alignment, MYPR during performance 

appraisal, No goal overlaps in a team and new manager assimilation.  
 

1. Leading the appraisal process including KRA’s / Goal setting across the levels. Putting in place framework for substantiating 

Performance Appraisal System.  

2. Managing Performance Management System lifecycle (Monthly / Annual) to complete process on time.  

3. Conducting awareness sessions’ on Performance Management as necessary.  

4. Actively involved in Performance Management System enhancement activity.  

5. Formulating and implementing annual increment, promotion policy, transfer and other remuneration reimbursement policies.  
 

Compensation & Benefits  
 

1. Involved in developing HR strategies surrounding compensation and benefits.  

2. Assessing and comparing compensation & benefits practices through external and internal research.  

3. Developing and implementing new benefit packages or modifying existing ones.  

4. Assuring that the existing Salary Structure is uniform and vindicated.  

5. Redesigning attraction and retention strategy for the company.  

6. Carrying out job designing/analysis evaluation and grading of all job families  

7. Ensure all Job families are aligned to company policy and industry best practice  

8. Analyzing and reporting remuneration information as per the prevailing standard and current market trend.  
 

Policies and Procedures  
 

1. Providing expert HR support to all on policy and procedures and assisting in the development of new policies and procedures as 

necessary.  

2. Enhance Hiring Frame Work  
 

Professional Trainings and Certification 
 

1. Establishing cost effective professional training program to support succession planning.  

2. Develop knowledge sharing chart for HR department and providing expert HR support to other departments in order to achieve 

targeted Saudization rate.  



3. Formulates effective certificate programs to prepare qualified and skillful peers with the help of concerned department and training 

division.  

Reporting and Analytics:  
 

1. Develops HR reports and analytics based on organization needs.  

2. Headcount and Manpower Related Reports  

3. Weekly Highlights  

4. Monthly Corporate Report (PMGM, SP, CB etc.)  

5. Monthly Scorecard  

6. Annual Review Report  

7. KPI’s Tracking  

8. Budgeting  
 
 

 

 

Computer Skills  
 

Using SAP, Success Factor for Recruitment. Expert in MS Office and excellent report presentation skills. 
 

 

Personal Information:  
 

Gender: Male  

Marital Status: Married  

Nationality: Indian  

Passport No.: P1944515  

Iqama Profession: Specialist  

Iqama Status: Transferable  

Driving License: Yes, Saudi  

Residence Location: Yanbu, Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia  


