












































Miss.Deepa Janardhan Prabhu
Jagardev Nagar, Kajupada, Room No 3,Chawl No 3, Borivali (E) Mumbai -400 066. Mobile.9967449939,
 Email:-deepa.prabhu@hotmail.com.


Objective:

To be a part of organization where the management structure recognizes and rewards loyalty, honesty, hard work & ambition of an employee by providing growth opportunities and necessary infrastructure that could contribute to the success of the institution.  
Work Experience:
Since Jan’11 with Hyundai Motor India Limited

As an Officer – Trainee Sales Support.

·  Making presentation of all dealers in India
·  Backend of Sales Team

·  Maintaining data base & analysing the same
·  Coordinating with the sales team

·  Preparing power point presentations pertaining to sales & achievements required during meeting

Nov-07 to Sep-10 THE R.S. CO-OPERATIVE BANK LTD

As an Officer- Front Desk 
· Informing customers about prevailing interest rates, Verification of Documents of accounts (Savings, Current, Term deposits, Recurring deposits).
· Checking of minimum balance, sending maturity intimation letter, Authenticating transfer entries, Calculating monthly, Quarterly interest payable & posting the same, loading service tax.

· Authenticating clearing entries like Inward, Outward ECS, passing cheques, attending customers queries, Sending  OBC for clearing, Giving daily clearing effect, issuing Pay order & Demand Drafts.

· Handling of Cash transactions Receipts & Payments, Cash remittance/withdrawal. Maintaining of cashbook


April-05 to Nov-07 Hindustan Times Media Limited

As a Team Leader 
· Operations Handling - Supporting MIS Team, Banking, Data Analyst & Supervisor Data Entry Staff.
· Working as a Data Analyst for the Back end as well as Front End. 

· Managing the Day-To-Day Activities of the company. Responsible for Supervision of  Over 20 Staff
· Data Entry Operations: Backend Processing

· Data handling in Excel & exporting

· Generating the Pivot report in Excel

· Responsible for Processing Cheques, Forwarding Pay-In-Slips and smooth functioning of the Banking.
· Providing training to new & Existing Staffs and Solving Their Related Queries.

Education

· Bachelor of Commerce from Mumbai University in year 2007.

Personal:

Date of Birth
    
:      27th March, 1985

Marital Status
:      Single.

Gender               
:      Female.


Nationality
:      Indian.

Languages known    
:      English, Hindi, Marathi, Kannadda & Konkani
Place: 

Date:























Deepa Janardhan Prabhu

