
















































To
Dear Sir/ Madam,

This is to express an intense interest to pursue career with your admired organization.

Having Experience in Success factor/ SAP - HR Module Business User - Worked in HR Data Management ProfileMumbai Area, India

Worked in HR Operations for a US based Client as a Senior Associate for Data Management, Reporting and other general HR Process Operations.

Experienced Success factor/ SAP - HR Module business user.

Assisted client (both at onshore and offshore location) for successful transitioning of HR system which involved migration from SAP to Success factor.

Core profile involves managing end to end HR Data (Hire to Retire) for North America and Latin American work locations.

Experienced in implementing large scale Reorganization (Mass Org Changes) in system as per client's requirement.

Proficient in running periodic and ad-hoc system audits to identify discrepancies in data.

Expertise in handling HR queries and grievances from client's employees and working towards providing successful resolution.

Possess sound knowledge of MSS (Manager Self Service) and ESS (Employee Self Service) framework including backend data workflow.

Also, have hands on experience in Taleo back end data issues and mass import of data in system.

US based Client:

•	Handling leave processes for various types of leaves such as FMLA leave, Disability leave, Maternity/Paternity leave, and Military duty leaves etc.
•	Employee record management for various types of leaves in SAP and Workday.
•	Resolution and case management of various queries of employees’ from beginning of leave till employee resumes service.
•	Coordinating and communicating with respective Site HR’s pertaining to leaves taken by the employees.












AVDESH VERMA
Mobile: +91-9820648596 / +91 9270024034
Email: Avdesh.s.verma85@gmail.com

JOB OBJECTIVE
Seeking challenging and professionally enriching assignment with an organization where my skills and experience can be utilized and harness for growth of an organization.
PROFILE SUMMARY
· Professional with 11 yearsof experience into recruitment cycle, onboarding, administration, MIS, client management, outsourced business operations and team management.
· In-depth knowledge of Human Resource Management activities like Recruitment, Onboarding, Employee Verification and Generating reports.
· Enriched with the ability to learn new concepts in short span of time.
· Endowed with a passion to demonstrate excellence in professional area.
· Effective team member with good interpersonal skills.

EDUCATION
· Bachelor of Commerce from Periyar University (India) 2015

WORK EXPERIENCE
Organization: Accenture
Duration: Sept 2009- March 2017
Designation: Senior Associate
Area of Operation: Human Resource

Client: Kellogg 
Duration: Aug 2015 – March 2017
Responsibilities Handled:
1. Entering the data into the system and tools.
2. Identify, assess and analyze the issues.
3. Applying process and systems knowledge to resolve the issues.
4. Generating reports, periodic and adhoc, from SAP as per client requirement.
5. Providing assistance to HR VPs and managers for making organizational changes in system.
6. Providing training to new joiners.
7. Running periodic quality checks and audits to identify issues in organization structure and system.

Client: Microsoft
Duration: Feb 2015 - July 2015
Responsibilities Handled:
1. Data entry into system and tracking tools.
2. Analyze and resolve the identified issues.
3. Application of process and system knowledge to resolve the issues.
4. Providing guidance for employee referral process.
5. Conducting quality checks.
6. Maintaining trackers and handling reports.

Client: Kimberly Clark
Duration: Oct 2012- Jan 2015
Responsibilities Handled:
1. Generate offer letters.
2. Onboarding and Verification of documents.
3. Conducting admin duties for recruitment.

Client: BSLI
Duration: Nov 2010 - Sept 2012
Responsibilities handled:
1. Posting the vacancies on various portals.
2. Screening candidates.
3. Conducting telephonic interviews.
4. Scheduling he interviews with regional HR.
5. Updating the status of candidate in RMS and generating offer letters.
6. Onboarding and verification of documents.

Client: UKI
Duration: Sept 2009 – Oct 2010
Responsibilitieshandled:
1. Candidate screening for Accenture UK and Ireland division.
2. Providing support as required for all activities integrated with screening process.

Organization: Wipro InfoTech
Designation: MIS Executive
Duration: Oct 2007- Feb 2009
Responsibilities handled:
1. Generating reports from Open View Performance Insight, Network node management and Basic Network Monitoring.
2. Providing presentation to regional team leads about known issues and its resolution on periodic basis.
Organization: HP Invent Service Center
Designation: Call coordinator
Duration: Jan 2007 – May 2007
Responsibilities handled:
1. Generating reports on weekly and monthly basis.
2. Handling calls related to desktop and server issues.

IT SKILLS
· Well versed with:
· MS Office
· SAP – HR User module
· ERP 9
· Success factors
· Workday
· Internet Applications

EXTRAMURAL ENGAGEMENTS
· Participated in HROPremier League.
· Playing cricket and football.

PERSONAL DETAILS 
Primary Address: 	Room no: 111, LahoriMukhaiKirana, Subhash Nagar, Goan Devi, Vakola Pipe Line, Santacruz (East)	 - Mumbai -400055.
Secondary Address: 	Kanchipuram cop housing soc., D Wing, Room No. 507, LokAmber Phase 3, MIDC Rd, Ambernath (East) – 421501.
Date of Birth:		11/01/1985.
Languages Known:		English, Hindi and Marathi.
Preferences 	: 		On Request (can visit) 

