












































SANGEETA GAUTAM

RUNU GORAI

DOB: 28thAugust,1978
C/705, Geeta Sarovar, Geeta

Passport no: J8005647
Nagar-7 CHS, Mira-Bhayander Road, Bhayandar (East), 
Thane - 401105

Mobile: 09819960775






E-Mail:   replyrunu@yahoo.co.in
PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS

· A professional with nearly 8 years of domestic experience in Human Resource Management broadly Recruitment, Performance Appraisal, Training & Development, Payroll & Statutory Compliances, Employee Relation & Welfare Activities, Policies & Procedures, and Personnel Management & General Administration.  

· Currently associated with DB Hospitality Pvt. Ltd. (A DB Group Enterprises), Mumbai as Asst. Manager – HR.

· Expertise in handling & implementation of various HR functions entailing recruitment, training, grievance handling.

· Adept at handling day to day administrative activities in coordination with internal / external departments for smooth business operations. 

· An effective communicator with stupendous management & communication skills and flexibility to work in a multi-cultural environment. Possess ability to motivate people to achieve organizational objectives.

ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE
	Tenure                     
	Company Name
	Designation
	 Nature of Work

	June’08 - Till Date                          
	M/s. DB Hospitality Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai
	Asst. Manager - HR
	Recruitment & Selection , Implementation HR policies, Compensation & Benefit, Payroll & F&F , Performance Management , Employee Relations , MIS  & Report generation and  Facility Management.

	Oct’06 – Apr’08
	M/s. Kanakia Spaces, Mumbai
	Sr. Executive - HR 
	Recruitment & Selection, HR polices, Training , Payroll and Performance Management ,  Vendor  management, MIS 

	Nov’05 – Aug’06
	M/s. I-solution Pvt. Ltd.,Mumbai
	Zonal Executive –HR
	Training & Statutory Compliance at Zonal level  and MIS 

	Jan’04 – Sep’05
	M/s. Eicher Tractors, Bhopal
	 Executive - HR
	 Employee Database Management, Recruitment & selection, Confirmation, Payroll and Training for R&D Dept, Contract Staff Management and Welfare Activities.

	July’03 - Dec’03
	M/s. VLCC, Indore
	Trainee - HR
	 Database management , Joining formalities,  Payroll, and Facility management


CORE COMPETENCIES
   Human Resource Management

· Managing the administration of performance management program, including periodic performance reviews and appraisals for all staff members.

· Supervising the development and maintenance of HR Functions in the organisation to facilitate flow of communication and information sharing.

· Conducting HR audits and ensuring smooth implementation of human resource management systems in the organisation.

Personnel Administration

· Implementing HR policies for manpower planning, recruitment, selection, induction and development of new employees in the organisation.

· Ensuring proper documentation and updation of records like leave status, employee training details and employee history card, accident insurance policy, medical policy, etc.

· Handling wage and salary administration, PF, ESI, Bonus & Other Govt. records, settlement of all the full & financial accounts at the time of exit of an employee. 

Recruitment & Selection

· Identifying manpower requirements through proper planning and analysis; coordinating for release of advertisements in the media.

· Conducting interviews, short listing resumes and arranging technical tests for selection of best candidates and post-selection induction of new recruits. 

· Organizing all the documentation related to joining formalities and ensure its due completion; managing all the correspondences related to confirmation of employees.

Training & Development

· Identifying the training needs across levels through mapping of skills required for particular positions and analysis of the existing level of competencies of individuals.

· Preparing annual training calendar; liaising with internal & external trainers to conduct the respective training programs.  

· Organizing training programs and open house sessions as per schedule; taking feedback from trainees on the effectiveness of the training programs.

General Administration/Liaison

· Arranging for staff welfare activities viz, transportation, housing, canteen security, housekeeping and vendors management.
IT SKILLS

· Well-versed in MS Office (Word, Outlook, Excel & PowerPoint) and Internet Applications.
CERTIFICATE 
Completed Certified Recruiter program from HRDC, New Delhi.

Pursuing Certificate course in Competency Mapping, Psychometric from HRDC, New Delhi.




QUALIFICATIONS

2009

Diploma HR&IR

National Institute of Management, Mumbai

2003

MMS



Devi Ahiliya University, Indore

2000

B.Sc



Rani Durgavati University, Jabalpur
 
