


















































	CURRICULUM  VITAE





ANIMESH CHANDA                                
acanimeshchanda6@gmail.com	
Mobile  NO:-    9433883418                                                                      278, Ramkrishna Pally, Sonarpur
Residence: (033)24347085                                                                         Kolkata-700150, West Bengal

	EXECUTIVE SUMMARY



· A proactive team player with a proven track record of summarizing, standardizing and forecasting management information. Undertaken responsibilities as core financial analyst.
· Good exposure in applications like Business Objects, SAP, MS Office.
· An effective communicator, working towards developing and sustaining business relations with stakeholders. Good time management skill.

	WORK EXPERIENCE



· Capgemini India Pvt Ltd.Kolkata,: February 2016 to Till Date
Process Associate (Grade-A3)– Financial Reporting and Analysis

As a general ledger accountant, I was responsible for end to end reconciliation and reporting of two entities (one manufacturing and one sales entity) of a European client and was closely working with the regional heads of the entities.
Responsibilities:
· Managing the general ledger accounting and reporting financial data summary to the regional heads using tools such as Business Objects and external databases like Business Intelligence, Hyperion.
· Implementation of  Foreign exchange revaluation for national rates and group rates.
· Monthly, quarterly and annual reconciliation of the account matrix and cost analysis reporting, investigating the variances.
· Preparation of Profit & Loss report, Inventory report, Inventory purchased from group members, Trade payables report, Currency report, Fixed Asset report, Key Performance Indicator report, Intercompany report and entire Balance Sheet report.
· Preparation and updating of process exception documents incorporating entity specific exceptions which are reviewed by the regional heads and approved by the GPO (Global Process Owner) from the client end.
· Daily update of exchange rates (group rate as well as national rate) in SAP.
· Extensive interaction with the SMEs (Subject matter experts) on standardization of the transition of a new factory entity.




Additional Responsibility as a Process Trainer and AP Analyst:
· I was involved with providing training to our counterpart at Trichi on preparation of journal entries such as prepaid expenses, VAT, clearing of payroll accounts and other open items managed accounts, preparation of provision for obsolescence, provision for warranty.
· I’m also helping the juniors in my team to upgrade their process knowledge and reviwing the tasks performed by them.
· I am also helping the our Accounts Payable Team in reconciliation of critical vendor accounts.



Achievement:
· Received client appreciation for successfully implementing Foreign Exchange /Revaluation SOP

· TATA Consultancy Services Ltd.(Formely CMC Ltd. Which was merged with TCS w.e.f. 1st October, 2015), Kolkata:From August, 2014 to February, 2016.
· 
Job Profile:-1) Adjusted Financial 2) Fundamental Projects
· Analysis of Financial Statements(Balance sheet , Profit &Loss & Cash Flow) reported by the major U.S. companies in the quarterly and annual filings and extraction of the relevant data from these filings into a pre- defined format in the Bloomberg terminal with the help of the workflow tool provided.
·  Making necessary adjustment in the reported data (US GAAP) disclosed by companies to ascertain the true and fair view of the company’s earnings potential ,(Non- GAAP).
Publishing the data so that the same can be used for Peer analysis, Company analysis, Sector analysis, Ratio analysis, Comparative studies etc as well as available for end users


	SKILL SET



· Experienced in financial reporting, analysis and MIS profile.
· Excellent Relationship Management skill with proficiency in handling external clients.
· Demonstrated ability to work and manage multiple projects simultaneously.
· Computer Skills:
· Excellent exposure to Business Intelligence tools like Business Objects.
· Proficient in MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint).
· Hands-on experience in Oracle Financials (as an end-user).
Hands-on experience in operating external databases like Hyperion


	EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION




	Degree
	Stream
	Year of Passing
	Board/ University
	% of Marks Obtained
	Division

	M.Com
	Accounting & Finance
	2010
	University of Calcutta
	50
	2nd


	B.com (Hons.)
	Accounting & Finance
	2008
	University of Calcutta
	59
	2nd

	Higher Secondary
	Commerce
	2005
	West Bengal Council Of Higher Secondary Education
	69
	1st

	Madhyamik
	General
	2003
	West Bengal Board Of Secondary Education
	72
	1st



	PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION



	Course Qualified
	Board
	Term &Year of Passing
	% of Marks Obtained
	Remarks

	Cost Accounting(Intermediate)
	The Institute of Cost Accountants of India
	Group I : December,2011
Group II: June, 2012
	Group I    :51%  
Group II : 62 %                
	Cleared both groups at one seating, presently pursuing Final





	PERSONAL PROFILE



	Father’s Name
	Arup Kumar Chanda

	Date of Birth
	06/12/1986

	Gender
	Male

	Religion
	Hindu

	Marital Status
	Single

	Nationality
	Indian

	Passport Number
	Z3415015

	Interests
	Listening to music & playing cricket in spare time.






Date :
Place :                                                                                                    --------------------------
                                                                                                                  (AnimeshChanda)

