















































Amit Kumar Agrawal            


Mohd Waseem
Mob No:  +91 -9873239812
Mail ID:  malik.waseem2010@gmail.com, mohmmad.waseem@genpact.com
Address:  3327 Ground Floor, Kucha Syed Jalal Bukhari,
                  Darya Ganj, New Delhi-110002.

To work at a place which will give me an opportunity to effectively apply my skills and use my strengths to help in the growth of the organization and my self.


Company               :  CRE- GE - (GENPACT India Ltd).
Duration                :  Sep’2008 till date
Position                  :  Process Developer 

Business                :   Wachovia Bank and GE-Commercial Real Estate (Banking, Finance & 



Accounting)  


· Preparing General Ledger reconciliation for GE-Real Estate Business.
· Preparing monthly reconciliation of Intercompany and Cash.
· Reporting account activities with the explanation of movement.

· Download GL Balances and Activities from Oracle Discoverer and analyze them.
· Preparation & updating issue tracker/open item tracker with reasons of variances in reconciliations, fixing responsibility of variances and appropriate action plans to get variances resolved.
· Posting monthly & quarterly reconciliation in a client’s system to get it reviewed by client.

· Monthly & quarterly calls with financial controllers` of client’s with regard to the reconciliation performed.
· Variance explanation of Accounts Payables and Accounts Receivables of GE Capital Corporate.
· Worked in operations with Wachovia Bank (US).
· Worked for adjustments department of the Wachovia bank which deals in rectification of errors or customer complaints.

· Passing accounting entries to adjust Customer’s a/c and Bank’s GL/Suspense a/c.
· Follow up with the Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) & other financial institutions for the credit.

· Trained ramp up batches.

· Interacting with the client for unresolved queries and follow-ups.
· Updating Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) quarterly.

· Awarded Cheers thrice for outstanding performance.
· Appreciated by the Genpact Leadership Team and was awarded with the Mastermind.
· Trained ramp-up batches as Subject Matter Expert (SME).
· Gave number of lean ideas for process improvement, which got successfully implemented & awarded by the Quality Team.


Qualification

                           University                                     Year 
                                       
B.Com




University of Delhi  
                2007
Senior Secondary


CBSE


                2004



       MS-Office, Tally.

· Motivated, active, flexible have a positive attitude towards life.

· Never give up the policy honesty.
· Work hard until get success.

      Listening soft music, playing cricket and net surfing.

      

 Personal Information :
 Date of Birth


: 30th June 1987
 Permanent Address

: 3327 Ground Floor, Kucha Syed Jalal Bukhari,
                                                      Darya Ganj, New Delhi-110002.
 Father’s Name

: Mohd Nafees
 Languages Known

: English, Hindi and Urdu
 Marital Status


: Single. 
 Sex                                             : Male

 Nationality                                : Indian
Passport No.


: H1577404

I further declare that all the aforesaid information provided is true to the best of my Knowledge.

Place:

Date:    
                                                                                                                  Mohd Waseem
CAREER OBJECTIVE:





WORK PROFICIENCY:







                                                                                        



JOB PROFILE:





ACHEIVEMENTS: 





ACADMIC QUALIFICATIONS: 



COMPUTER PROFICIENCY





STRENGTHS





HOBBIES & INTERESTS:







PERSONAL INFORMATION:





DECLARATION:








