







































Vinoth Kumar Venkatesan
venkatesanvinoth@yahoo.co.in

7030947273

HR Shared Services/HR Support Center/HRIS System Support/Team Management

 

Summary:

Assistant Manager with extensive operations and leadership experience. Oversee daily operations, including Customer 
handling, Job allocation, Training, representing the team in the weekly review call with Stakeholders, and preparing 
Performance Analysis Report on teams’ activities. 

Key Skills:

• PeopleSoft HCM • Customer interfacing over phone/emails

• PS Query • MS Excel

• Crystal Reports • Team Management

• Red Prairie (WFM) • Segno Systems

• Servicenow user • JIRA user

Work Summary:

As a team manager, I ensure the delivery of the transactions are in line with SLA, Preparing/Updating Standard 
Operating Procedures, Training/Mentoring the teams reporting to me, Trend analysis on work volume, Production 
Planning, Reporting operational activities and achievements and identifying process gaps and fixing it. Managed two 
teams – 

• HRIS System Support – Manages another team of six resources that supports HR systems like PeopleSoft, 
BrassRing, Red Prairie and Segno Systems.

• Tier II Inquiry Services – Managed a team of twelve resources that acts as an escalation desk for HR related 
inquiries which includes but not limited to payroll, employee data management etc. 

• Payroll Tax - Supported the team for a short period of time. The idea was to help the team ramp up customer 
confidence. Found process gaps and help improvise the process by fixing the issues.

System Support:

Access administration, Touching back end tables to load data, Addressing various inquiries regarding technical issues 
faced by users, Drawing various reports (ad-hoc) etc., in the below systems

• PeopleSoft HCM (Employee Data Management & Payroll Module)
• Red Prairie (Time and Scheduling module)
• BrassRing (Recruitment & Onboarding)
• Segno Systems (Learning & Development)

mailto:venkatesanvinoth@yahoo.co.in


Tier II:

Payroll Inquiries – Addressing queries on Payroll issues. Inputting payroll data for processing Final pay, Salary 
advances and other Pay related transactions
Benefits Deductions – Addressing inquiries on the supposed deductions and taking corrective actions if required, based 
on the case at hand.
Work Force Administration – Ensures Job related data (like hire, transfer, leaves data among others) in PeopleSoft are 
updated. 
Disability Pay Calculation – Based on the 'advice to pay' from the benefits vendor, action is taken in PS to ensure 
disability pay is made as per the company policy and in compliance with the State/Federal specifications.
Garnishments – Addressing concerns on Garnishment deductions/payment and holding funds for writ as per the State 
specifications.

Career history: 

Sears Holdings India – August 2017 till now

Leading HRIS Support team. I assign daily/monthly work scheduling, audit production activities, train new joiners, 
prepare Monthly Performance Report and Data for Business Review Calls. I lay importance to drive process 
improvements by identifying process issues and resolutions. Filed, as a team, about 15 Kaizens in less than 15 months. 

Key achievements:

• Developed a process to catch errors in the data being imported from BrassRing systems to PeopleSoft. This, 
apart from improving the accuracy and compliance, had reduced the fall out count by 91% .

• Developed a ‘Data Import error report’ for the data that does not bridged correct from PeopleSoft and Red 
Prairie. 

• Designed a new set of activities that keeps a tab on employees with job change and give/revoke access to 
PeopleSoft accordingly.

• Designed a new excel based audit activity to ensure 100% audits of the Job Codes created/updated in 
PeopleSoft. 

• Been a part of a project to redesign the the PeopleSoft access for all HR Operations team (about 80+). 

• Working to automate department creation in PeopleSoft. Presented the plan and is currently under review. 
Once implemented, this could save about 10% of FT. The idea is scalable and can be implemented to have job 
codes and other data for foundation tables created and save more man hours. 

WIPRO – August 2009 till now

Have lead two teams, work scheduling for the team agents, monitoring production volume, preparing reports on the 
operational activities and milestones, customer handling, coaching and mentoring team members.

Key achievements:

 Designed a set of new audit controls to ensure greater accuracy in deliveries 
 Built a new activity to run a query using PS Query to catch issues certain issues before Payroll is run to avoid 

overpayment/underpayment. The incorrect entries were fed from an integrated system (Synygy – 
PLA/PNS/PNW & LOA/SCR)

 Created a new activity to Reconcile PS data and STD advise to pay. This complements the existing process to 
reduce errors. This helps identify the employees who fail to contact CIGNA and avoids delayed payment and 
associated charges.

 Prepared & implemented a work load distribution mechanism between team members based on case types.
 Reduced turn around time by merging related activities and hence removing hand-over time within the team
 Designed and implemented structured refresher program for continual learning. 



 Improved operations by implementing multiple Kaizens personally and mentored the team in filing 30+ 
Kaizens and one lean (approved by Quality Manager).

 Achieved high levels of customer satisfaction, earning multiple client appreciation emails to my credit
 Proven track record in identifying strengths and weaknesses of team members and shared constructive 

feedback to groom them. 

HCL – March 2008 till July 2009

Technical support. Daily interaction with the customers over phone. Good experience in customer handling, end user 
level experience in PeopleSoft CRM. 

Key achievements:

 Consistently topped the chart on hyper quality as assessed by the clients
 Have won top performer cash rewards several times in the team

Other experiences:

Process Engineer – Maharishi Solar Technology Pvt Ltd 

Proof Reader – Cepha Imaging Pvt Ltd

Education/Training:    

Masters degree in Physics. 
Certified program in IISC, Bangalore on Structural Defects in Materials
Six Sigma Green Belt in Wipro LTD

References: Available on request.


