

























Manimegala Palanivelu
Current Employer: Cognizant Technology Solutions,
Location: Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Mail: manimegala.palanivelu@gmail.com
Phone: +91 9994341406

Data warehousing Tester with over 3 years of experience in insurance domain. Versatile and capable professional
with technical experience across tracks in a project which involves technical skills on ETL testing, Data mock and so
on. Ability to plan and execute the project with clarity on all important factors like Flagging/Handling the Risks,
overcoming challenges and ensure to meet the deadlines.

Experience Summary:

 At present working with leading Insurance client for the past 3 years as ETL tester.
 Extensive experience in data warehousing testing and skills extend to technical data analysis, test data

preparation/analysis.
 Enhanced my capability in testing area of excellence through experience.
 I have coded extensively for ETL transformation logic using SQL’s and procedures.
 Have worked on various project models like Agile, Waterfall and V Model
 Expertise and extensive knowledge in planning and testing of various phases/types like System testing, System

Integration testing, Regression testing and also UAT support/analysis.
 Expertise in STLC and bug life cycle. Some tools which is used for these are HP ALM/HP QC.
 Currently I am learning python and big data solutions using various Hadoop eco system tools like Hive, Pig and

Sqoop.
Note: I do not have any project experience on Hadoop or Big data. But I am confident that I can easily learn and
work on these tools.

Contributions to the company/client would be:
 First and foremost, would be creating pleasant and positive environment for clients/users.
 Continuous improvement in the way project has been delivered or tested. Will list/understand the problem

statement and do brain storming to come up with innovative ways to do the same things.
 Energetic and cultured to discuss expectation and requirements from BA and Development teams
 Ambitious to provide quality and user-friendly product to the customer.
 Ability to learn and work on any new technologies, I do not limit myself with known knowledge or

technologies.

Skillset:

Technology involved Data warehousing
Operating system used Windows 10/7/XP, AIX/Unix
Testing Methodologies Agile, V Model and Waterfall
Databases worked on MS SQL Server 2008/2012
Programming/coding SQL ,python and VBA (learner level)
Test Management or bug toolsused HP ALM, HP QC and Rational Clear Quest
Agile tools used Rational Team Concert and Team foundation server
Reports Cognos
Job Schedulers AutoSys
Project Management Tool Cognizant 2.0



Certifications gained:

External Certifications
 Oracle Certified Associate (SQL/PLSQL)
 Wiley’s certified Big data expert – In progress (Edvancer academy)

Internal Certifications (CCP)
 Data Warehousing for Learners
 Data Warehousing Testing
 Oracle10g SQL and PL/SQL
 General Insurance
 Level 0 Big data and Data analytics enablement – Big data university
 Test execution techniques for learner /Practitioner
 Test design techniques for learner/Practitioner
 Requirement gathering analysis

Education Details:
Degree College/University Year of

Passing
Percentage

Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics &
Communication Engineering

Mookambigai College of
Engineering - Trichy 2013 9.4 CGPA

HSC (XII) Sacred Heart Girls Hr. Sec School 2009 92.8%
SSC (X) Sacred Heart Girls Hr. Sec School 2007 91.25%

Relevant Project Experience:

Project #1
Organization: Cognizant Technology Solutions

Project Title Sourcing and Conformance
Source systems Subscribe,GEN,WINS,BAU release
Client XL Global Services (Insurance), US
Operating System Windows XP
Tools QC 11 ALM, COGNOS, MS SQL Server 2008/2012
Team Size 14

Role
Offshore test analyst (SEP 8,2014 – FEB 15,2015),Offshore Test lead(Feb
16,2015 to till date)

Period Sep 8,2014 - till date.



Project Objective:

The program's objective is to deliver an Enterprise Data Warehouse (also called the "Conforming Layer") that will
take transactional policy and claim data from sources systems such as Swiss Genius, Subscribe, Mayfare, Phoenix,
WINS, Procede and provide it "conformed" to multiple downstream applications/project such as Financial SubLedger,
Solvency II and Business Management Information.

Project Description:
One of the key pillars of XL's Enterprise Enablement initiative is the Conforming program. To ensure that the new
functionality meets business and systems requirements, and does not adversely affect existing functionality, the
program has contracted with XL's Testing Center of Excellence. ETL Data flow validation from source to Enterprise
Data Warehouse (EDW) bypassed by interface layer involves the Master Data Management (MDM) Hub which feeds
the conformed values into EDW. System Testing includes the validation of quality on initial load data as per the
business specifications documents and validating the incremental process implementation in EDW along with the
help of data manipulation to test the negative scenarios.

Roles and Responsibilities:

 Estimating the testing efforts for the new requirements and proposed change controls
 Gathering requirements, test planning, preparing the test strategy and closure document
 Preparing and reviewing the test scenarios, initial & incremental test cases and test data
 Executing the test cases, defects retesting and logging defects in HP ALM
 Preparing and sending the daily, weekly status reports to onsite counterpart
 Participating in the Defects Triage meeting and Daily standup meeting
 Worked extensively on Data warehousing testing and designed complex SQL and procedures in T-SQL
 Successfully done the automation in ETL testing to identify the undefined values(poor data) for various

columns from the source

Awards and Honours:

 “Spark of the AIM – 2015” - Cognizant Technology Solutions
 “UNIVERSIRTY FIRST RANK HOLDER” and “GOLD MEDALIST” in Electronics and Communication

Engineering 2009-2013 batch.

 “BEST OUTGOING STUDENT” for 2009-2013 batch in college
 “BEST MERITORIOUS STUDENT” and “BEST CONSISTENT STUDENT OF THE YEAR 2013” for

2009-2013 batch in college.


