Mahesh Ramesh Kadam

Title:
Consultant
Location:
Pune, India
Email-id:
Mobile number:
ad71n3@r.postjobfree.com
+91-797*******

Professional Background
Over 9+ years of Experience as Full stack developer having good knowledge of PHP Based CMS like Drupal(v7,v8,v9,v10)
Proficient in coding language, certified in PHP, and fluent in many major coding languages such as HTML5, JavaScript ES6, JQuery, CSS3, Bootstrap and many more
Efficient time management to meet strict deadlines when developing start up website, requiring efficient use of time and resources
Design, build, or maintain web sites, using authoring or scripting languages, content creation tools, management tools, and digital media.
Write, design, or edit web page content, or direct others producing content.
Back up files from web sites to local directories for instant recovery in case of problems.
Develop databases that support web applications and web sites.
Select programming languages, design tools, or applications.
We are responsible for both back-end and front-end development, including creating WordPress, Drupal themes.
HTML to WordPress and PSD to WordPress site created with responsive websites.
Full Woo-Commerce project handle with payment integration.
Design authentication form to check whether the user is an authorized person to use the system
Interact with client to gather requirement. Analyze requirement and develop functionality accordingly.
Experience in developing UI applications using html5, jQuery, and Ajax, and JavaScript.
Implemented bootstrap in developing UI and created Drupal modules for activity log and service reporting.
Implemented SEO based Drupal modules optimizing the search function all over the site.
Built custom UI widgets and application logic using UI and MVC architecture.
Educational Qualification:
MCA from Pune University – 2013 – 66.15%
BCA from Amravati University – 2010 – 66.57%
HSC from Amravati Board – 2007 – 58.00%
SSC from Amravati Board – 2005 – 66.53%

Skills

Web Technologies:
PHP 8.0.2, HTML5, CSS3, Drupal 10, WordPress, Bootstrap 5, Rest API
Scripting Language:
JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax
DBMS:
MySQL, Oracle11g
AWS Cloud:
Operating System:
Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows10

Experience:

1] Company Name: Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd. Pune
Account: Barclays
Designation: Consultant.
Joining Date: 28th Dec 2017 up to 07th June 2024.
Experience: Worked as Developer with PHP based Drupal CMS with frontend technologies like HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap and working on API’s with some responsibilities like Project environment setup and initiation, Requirements gathering, Training the fresher’s, Review code quality, Implementation, Unit Testing and Deployment

2] Company Name: Inventive Global Solution Pvt. Ltd. Pune
Designation: PHP Developer.
Joining Date: 03rd Apr 2017 up to 13th Jul 2017.
Experience: Worked as PHP Developer with responsibilities like Project environment setup and initiation Requirements gathering, Development, Review code, Unit Testing and Deployment.

3] Company Name: Sunmatic Technology, Pune.
Designation: Software Engineer.
Joining Date: 15th Feb 2016 up to 31st Mar 2017.
Experience: Worked as WordPress, Drupal8, and PHP Developer with responsibilities like Project environment setup and initiation Requirements gathering, Development, Review code, Unit Testing and Deployment.

4] Company Name: Ashiyana Real Estate, Pune.
Designation: Web Developer.
Joining Date: 5th Jan 2015 up to 12th Feb 2016
Experience: Worked as Web Developer with CMS like Drupal, WordPress having responsibilities like initiation Requirements gathering, Development, Review code, Testing and Deployment

5] Company Name: Cerverus Digital Solution, Bangalore.
Designation: Software Engineer.
Joining Date: 10th Dec 2013 up to 1st Jan 2015
Experience: Worked as Software Engineer with Drupa7, PHP, HTML5, CSS3, and WordPress Technologies.

Other Projects:

1] Project Name: “IIMB Bangalore”
Technologies: PHP 8.0.2, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Twig
CMS: Drupal 10.
Database: MySQL.
Project Description: The Indian Institute of Management Bangalore (IIMB) is a leading graduate school of management in Asia. IIMB is an Institute of National Importance with multilingual feature.
Roles performed:
Worked as Senior Drupal Developer.
Project environment setup and initiation
Review code quality
Implementation, Unit Testing and Deployment

2] Project Name: “Barclays Online Credit Card Application”
Technologies: PHP 8.0.2, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Twig
CMS: Drupal 10.
Database: MySQL.
Project Description: OLA- Online application that is credit card application to provides different types of credit cards for German customer. Here in OLA CSMS Generic Site, Java Listener and third party Decisioning system are involved,
We maintain all the databases like CNTCM for CSMS, OLACNT for GS in Oracle 11g DB
Roles performed:
Worked as Developer and Tech lead with below responsibilities
Project environment setup and initiation
Requirements gathering
Training the fresher’s
Review code quality
Implementation, Unit Testing and Deployment

3] Project Name: “Great Konkan Valley”
Technologies: - PHP 8.0.2, HTML5, CSS3.
Database: MySQL.
CMS: WordPress.
Description: This website is all about real estate investment with all features provided by user.

4] Project Name: “Behavior Momentum India”
Technologies: PHP 8.0.2, PHPBB, HTML5, CSS3.
Database: MySQL.
CMS: WordPress.
Description: This website is all about autism educational child center across India.

5] Project Name: “BMI International “
Technologies: PHP 8.0.2, HTML5, CSS3.
Database: MySQL
CMS: Drupal 10.
Description: This is e-commerce website provides facility to purchase international autism products for child.

6] Project Name: “Intanca Resume Creator”
Technologies: - PHP 8, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap.
Database: MySQL.
Description: This project is used to create different types of resumes online.

I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place:
Mahesh Ramesh Kadam
Date:
Contact this candidate