Page * of *
Cynthia Bergman
Software Engineer
ad71n9@r.postjobfree.com 832-***-****
Professional Summary
Skilled and intelligent engineer with graduate degree possesses strong background in software and database systems for complex technical applications (including satellite communications networks), with 10+ years of successes in all stages of the complete software lifecycle, including requirements development, design, code generation, and verification testing. Delights in mathematics and physics and possesses superior problem-solving skills. Capable of creative, critical, and analytical thought. Learns and applies new knowledge quickly. Performs well in time-critical conditions. Self-motivated team player. Good mentoring skills. Education
University of Southern California Los Angeles, CA
Master of Science - Computer Science
(Databases, Computer Networks, Communication Protocols, Large-Scale Development) University of Houston Houston, TX
Bachelor of Science - Electrical Engineering (cum laude)
(Antenna Design, Numerical Methods, Control Theory, Well-Logging Techniques) University of Houston - Clear Lake Houston, TX
Continuing Education
(Data Mining/Pattern Analysis, C++ Object-Oriented Programming, Planetary Geology) Professional Experience
4/2017 – On Sabbatical
Present Tutoring young people in all areas and levels of Mathematics and Physics for enrichment or remediation.
8/2015 – Web Applications Developer
4/2017 Brilliant Energy Electricity Retailer Houston, TX Created, tested, and documented back-end web software solutions in team development environment.
8/2012 – Software Developer Houston, TX
5/2015 SkyNet Satellite Communications, Inc. Brisbane, QLD, Australia Engineered back-end web software and database solutions for real-time flight-following service monitoring helicopters traveling to oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico. Interfaced with customer regarding desired feature updates and modifications and implemented changes.
2/2012 – Computer Systems Engineer
7/2012 Supreme Source Energy Services, Inc. Katy, TX
• Enhanced web-based Measurement While Drilling (MWD) plotting software for efficient navigation of the drill bit to target formations in horizontal wells.
• Developed and documented processes and procedures for operating and maintaining LAMP (Linux/Apache/MySQL/PHP) servers.
Page 2 of 2
Cynthia Bergman
Software Engineer
ad71n9@r.postjobfree.com 832-***-****
Professional Experience (continued)
8/1996 – Software Engineer IV
8/2011 The Boeing Company Houston, TX
• Rescued $2M contract with NASA for on-time and accurate delivery of the Space Shuttle Guidance, Navigation, and Control (GN&C) Flight Software documentation by redesigning legacy software tools to operate in a new network environment. The redesign also slashed time to produce deliverables by 90%.
• Reviewed for technical consistency and accuracy proposed software change requests
(SCRs). Integrated approved documentation and database updates under strict management change control, including text, diagrams, flow charts, and data tables.
• Ensured data integrity in ~12,000 parameter GN&C flight software database.
• Developed and modified software and database tools (C/C++) for International Space Station program (ISS). Tested to detect code flaws (e.g., division by zero, dead code, complexity, cover all cases, etc.) embedded Ada software for ISS modular subsystems
(e.g., thermal distribution, solar array control).
• Developed, by personal recommendation, Microsoft Access-based presentation for negotiations regarding changes, as well as associated cost and schedule impacts, to the ISS contract between Boeing and NASA. Successfully implemented major revisions to the presentation requested by Boeing Executives < 4 hours before the meeting.
12/1985 – Computer Systems Engineer – Land Earth Stations 12/1995 Communications Satellite Corporation (COMSAT) Bethesda, MD
• Developed comprehensive test procedures for computer systems upgrade in Land Earth Stations for INMARSAT Geostationary Satellite Communications (GEO) Systems. Performed real-time verification tests at the Land Earth Stations during periods of low-traffic, documenting test results. Executed commissioning tests and deployed cut-over.
• Initiated and implemented self-sparing plan to rescue 2-year $4 million project following failure of hardware manufacturer. Project provided abundant spares for newly commissioned systems for the Atlantic Ocean Region (AOR) and the Pacific Ocean Region (PRO), as well as sufficient hardware to establish a Land Earth Stations
“clone” in the Indian Ocean Region (IOR).
Contact this candidate