Andrew Winland
770-***-****
ad722g@r.postjobfree.com
Dallas, Georgia
Andrew Winland LinkedIn
A B O U T M E
A motivated software engineer with a B.S. in software engineering from Kennesaw State University seeking a full-time software development position to deliver solutions that meet business needs and start my career. Have developed web and console applications as a team leader and as an individual contributor. A learning aptitude, who is proficient in C#, C++, java, JavaScript, HTML, python, SQL, and Django.
S K I L L S
E D U C A T I O N
B.S. in Software Engineering
Kennesaw State University
2019-2023 GPA: 3.62
High School Diploma
North Paulding High School
2017-2020
P R O J E C T S
Quest Accounting
Username: awinland0523
Password: AndrewAdmin123
Django Framework, HTML, and
CSS in Visual Studio
Fantasy Football League Site
Implements C# to sort tables
based on points or standings
HTML, CSS, and C# in Visual
Studio
Tables and site hosted on Azure,
code hosted on GitHub
E X P E R I E N C E
Pharmacy Technician (Shift Supervisor Rx) Nov-2023 - Current CVS Health
Accurately dispensing medications, maintaining inventory, and providing exceptional customer service.
Adhering to regulatory and HIPAA guidelines to ensure the highest standards of patient safety and confidentiality.
Utilizing software to perform inventory management
Troubleshooting pharmacy equipment, printers, computers, and POS registers Student Project Jan-2023 - May-2023
Kennesaw State University
Team Leader of a team of four for an accounting-focused web application created using Django, Python, HTML, and JavaScript. Focused on backend development while managing the team throughout the project.
Secured User Management Workflow
Web enabled account data entry
Ability to report account information and print financial sheets Low Voltage Wire and Security Technician Sep-2020 - Jul-2022 Loud Security
Installed and repaired residential / commercial security / NVR camera systems.
Worked with Cat 6 wire and set up WAPs for home / commercial networks and camera systems
Diagnosed and repaired unknown problems for existing systems
Worked alongside colleagues to install, service, and sell security systems A B I L I T I E S
Management
Ran three companies in high school business program, managing employees to improve sales and company efficiency
Managed a development team for a web-based application project Problem-Solving
Working on solving problems throughout the development process
Ability to understand a problem and the effect my potential actions can create Communication
Active listening skills
Ability to convey clear and concise messages verbally or written Critical-Thinking
Ability to analyze facts in order to form a logical conclusion
Ability to make decisions or assess if more information is needed C#, Java
7/10
Django, Python
7/10
Problem-Solving
8/10
Critical-Thinking
9/10
Communication
6 / 10
9/10
Contact this candidate