Brendan Erickson
ad73hi@r.postjobfree.com 310-***-**** Bethesda, MD
PROFILE
Passionate and results-driven frontend developer with extensive experience in HTML, Javascript, Typescript, React.js and Node.js. Proven track record in delivering high quality web applications & user interfaces. Adept at collaborating in Agile teams and mentoring junior devs.
EXPERIENCE
AgencyQ Bethesda, MD
Frontend Developer November 2021 – May 2024
● Converted Figma and Canva design prototypes into responsive, user-friendly websites using HTML, CSS, Javascript and React.
● Led testing and development for the Federal Reserve Bank of New York project, ensuring smooth software lifecycle from discovery to launch, using Java and Selenium to identify rendering issues across 9,000 pages.
● Developed 15 components autonomously for the American Society of Civil Engineers
(ASCE) within a consolidated sprint lifecycle using React and Next.js, enhancing project efficiency and deliverables.
● Pioneered bug reduction by 50% on the Pri-Med Bootcamp project using C# and React. MyWalrusApp Remote
Software Engineer Intern May 2021 – November 2021
● Created and tested interactive widgets using Storybook and ads for client sites using React and Next.js, improving user engagement and increasing web traffic by 15%.
● Reviewed pull requests, identified and fixed bugs and provided code optimization feedback in a Scrum environment using Jira for task management. 2U Inc. Remote
Teaching Assistant January 2021 – August 2021
● Led bootcamp sessions on OOP, client and server side frameworks, and algorithms, aiding student comprehension and skill development.
● Addressed student queries on MERN stack topics including Node.js, Javascript, HTML, React, Git, SQL, and NoSQL databases, enhancing their coding proficiency. CERTIFICATIONS
Sitecore 10 .NET Certificate 2023
Fullstack Web Development Bootcamp Certificate 2020 EDUCATION
University of Colorado, Boulder Boulder, CO
Bachelors of Arts – International Affairs & Chinese 2014
Contact this candidate