SUMMARY
●* years Hands on experience in developing applications on the Mule ESB platform with a total of 9 years of experience in the IT sector.
●Experience in using data interchange formats such as XML, JSON, CSV and File formats
●Experience using mule connectors: - DB, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, FILE, SFTP, JMS, Salesforce
●Experience developing and creating Restful APIs using RAML
●Experience using command line prompt
●Experience with JMS Synchronous and Asynchronous messaging and consuming SOAP and REST web services
●Experience in creating Flows, Sub Flows, Exception strategy, Data Wave transformation, Munity testing
●Experience with Mule ESB, Mule API, Anypoint Studio and Mule Cloud Hub
●Creating High Level and Detailed Designs
●Developed message flows and implement data transformation using XSLT, ESQL and Java.
●Analytical Ability on project preparation and documentation.
●Worked on AMI interface development on Advanced grading Control
●Created XSD and WSDLS for implementing web services in Message broker
●Experience developing message flows to interact with back-end database and ERP systems using adapters
●Experience developing SOAP and REST based services
●Hand on experience in CI/CD tools like GitHub, Jenkins, XL Deploy, Maven, Anypoint Runtime Manager
●Experience creating technical documentation including incoming and outgoing message structure, message flow diagram, provider service information and test cases.
●Excellent communication, interpersonal and analytical skills.

EXPERIENCE

MULESOFT DEVELOPER
Bay First Financial.Com Bank, Petersburg, FL (March 2021-Present)
Design, Development, Unit Testing, Integration Testing and Functional and User Acceptance.
Testing and Production implementation support, Any point Platform Administration, Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment support.
Technical Design Document capturing MuleSoft functional and nonfunctional details utilizing banking Integration’s design templates, RAML definition for all interfaces.
Developed and Unit Tested MuleSoft Applications checked into central code repository and deployed through banking Continuous Integration toolchain into development & test environments & relying on Munity framework for validation of thus developed artifacts.
Establishing Munity framework and associated quality assurance processes to support validations of MuleSoft assets developed during the project.
Assuring adherence to security, audit compliance and error handling requirements.
Actively participate in Agile sprint ceremonies (sprint planning, daily scrum, sprint review / product demo and sprint retrospective).
Resolution of tasks and defects within the project backlog.
Document and publish artifacts in Anypoint Exchange instance.
Create and update operational Run Book.
Create and update production cutover plan and execute production cutover activities.
Design and Development of Anypoint Exchange Policies and Configurations.
Other Duties as Assigned.

MULESOFT DEVELOPER
Bank of America, Charlotte, NC (March 2018-Feb 2021)
●Develop and Configure APIs on Mule ESB platform (Mule ESB 3.9.x)
●Create Multiple Flows, Multiple DWL transformations, Munity testing on Mule ESB
●Develop message flows and Create Restful APIs using RAML
●Analyze, develop, and document data type definitions (Type Trees)
●Analyze, develop, and document translations (Maps) between multiple application formats
●Develop and maintain related technical procedures and associated reference material for first level peers
●Create, execute, and document results of all unit test plans and user acceptance test plans
●Worked with various interface projects for their inbound (ADT, SIU, ORU) and Outbound (DFT) messages using TCP/IP and FTP.
●Responsible for EHR Hardware and software requirements gathering, system design, implementation and maintenance for electronic medical record, revenue cycle, practice management, document management, and software systems integration.
●Develop multiple custom web part solutions, workflows, and integration with external systems
●Created functional requirements as per the requirements of the clients.
●Designed and Developed ESQL, Message Flows, Message Sets using Toolkit.
●Implemented ESQL logic for database lookups, Message Validation/ Translation/Transformation
●Exception Handling and Stored Procedures for batched code set lookups.
●Use SQL Queries to Pinpoint Issues in Applications and HL7 Interfaces.

SOFTWARE DEVELOPER
Xcel Energy Corporate, Denver Co (January 2014-January 2018)
●Analyze, develop, and document data type definitions (Type Trees)
●Work together with different stakeholders to understand problems and build up the requirements to design solutions.
●Analyze, develop, and document translations (Maps) between multiple application formats
●Analyze, develop, and document integration flow designs (IFD)
●Develop and maintain related technical procedures and associated reference material for first-level peers
●Create, execute, and document results of all unit test plans and user acceptance test plans
●Worked with various interface projects for their inbound (ADT, SIU, ORU) and Outbound (DFT) messages using TCP/IP and FTP.
●Responsible for EHR Hardware and software requirements gathering, system design, implementation and maintenance for electronic medical record, revenue cycle, practice management, document management, and software systems integration.
●Develop multiple custom web part solutions, workflows, and integration with external systems
●Created functional requirements as per the requirements of the clients.
●Designed and Developed ESQL, Message Flows, Message Sets using Toolkit.
●Implemented ESQL logic for database lookups, Message Validation/ Translation/Transformation

EDUCATION
● Addis Ababa University - Addis Ababa
Bachelor of Science: BS, Computer Science, CGPA 3.7 2007-2011
●College of Commerce - Addis Ababa
Diploma: Computer Science
CERTIFICATIONS
MuleSoft Certified Developer (Mule 4)
MuleSoft Certified Developer – API Design Associate (RAML 1.0)

SKILLS
Technologies: Mule 4.x, Anypoint Studio,CloudHub,MQ Series,SOAP,RESTful WS,WSDL,J AXP,JAX WSDL, JAXP,JAXB
Web Technologies: HTTP,HTTPS,JSON,XML/XSL/XSLT and AJAX
Languages: Dataweave, Java,JavaScript,SQL,PL/SQL, HTML,HTML5 and XML

Database: IBMDB@,MS SQL- server,Oracle,MongoDB
CI/CD and version controlling tools: GitHub, Bitbucket, AzureDevops.
Encryption,Decryption,Hub,JBoss,Mainframes,#x Developer,Scrum,Specification,Transformers,XHtMl
TCP/Ip
Contact this candidate