ELKA
KRUPKA
Senior Software Engineer
PROFILE
As a talented and motivated Software
Engineer, I have a proven track
record of creating clean and concise
applications that enhance business
efficiencies. I possess strong
knowledge of various programming
languages and have a solid
understanding of the logic and
workflow driving business applications.
My skills extend to overseeing and
managing projects and tasks,
collaborating effectively with users,
product owners, business analysts,
and colleagues.
I am adept at implementing
operational efficiencies and
improving applications for better user
experiences and increased
productivity. Additionally, I possess
excellent interpersonal and
communication skills, working well with
team members and guiding new hires
in acclimating to their environment.
CONTACT
PHONE:
973-***-****
EMAIL:
ad73rs@r.postjobfree.com
ACHIEVEMENTS
2021 - Shortlisted for Women in IT
Summit & Award Series, Outstanding
Contributions of the Year.
EDUCATION
Thomas Edison State University - 2019
Bachelor’s in computer science
WORK EXPERIENCE
NYSHEX – Senior Software Engineer Sept 2022 – April 2024 As a Senior Software Engineer at NYSHEX, I have:
• Led cross-team support and collaboration, enhancing system functionalities, and reducing work backlogs.
• Initiated and drove key projects like the Emailing Service Enhancement and VAS Backend Development in Java,
significantly improving productivity, reducing technical debt, and enhancing user experience.
• Fostered a culture of continuous improvement and innovation, contributing to engineering development and data quality, and leading discussions on audit strategy.
• Initiated and led bi-monthly mob code review meetings, promoting collaboration, clean code practices, and improved code quality.
HSBC - Full Stack Engineer Sept 2019 – Sept 2022
• Develop and support applications in an Agile environment, collaborating with cross-functional teams.
• Investigate and resolve issues, enhancing user experience and application efficiency.
• Design and implement data flow charts and databases in PostgreSQL, focusing on improving business processes.
• Conduct testing and oversee secure releases, utilizing Jira and Confluence for project management.
• Lead interviews and onboarding for new hires, fostering a collaborative development environment.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Java, PostgreSQL, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Kotlin, Maven, React, Redux, Unix, Jira, Confluence, Stash, GitHub
Contact this candidate