Apke Numbi Chelsea
Software Engineer (Frontend)
Passionate front-end engineer with a keen eye for detail, dedicated to creating user-friendly interfaces. Continuously learning and adopting new technologies to deliver cutting-edge solutions.
https://github.com/chelzdev
ad75r8@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/austine-che
lsea-01258224a/
+234 -806 - 713 - 3490
Abuja, Nigeria
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Frontend Web Developer
Yulav.io-Remote
2023 -06 - 2023 -10
Collaborated with software engineers, project managers, designers, and QA analysts in a supportive team environment.
Update the User interface for a project with React Js..
Work with the Team in Building Open-source softwares.
Translated designs to front-end code, estimated time and costs, and determined developer requirements and specifications. Junior Frontend Web Developer
Hamelin-Remote
2023 -04 - 2023-05
Wrote maintainable, scalable responsive, and cross-browser code.
Promoted and communicated new ideas, improvements, and technologies to team members and executives.
Lead Developer to contribute to open source projects during open-source immersion program.
Managed time effectively to meet demanding project deadlines. Junior frontend developer
ROYGBIVery-Internship Trainee
2022 -04 - 2022-10
Developed feature-rich-web application using HTML CSS and Javasc
Successfully implemented UI designs into coding projects
Created responsive landing pages using Javascript and various frameworks
Demonstrated expertise in finding innovative solutions to intricate problems.
Applied analytical and problem-solving abilities to tackle complex situations
Meticulously attended to detail in all assignments. Meticulously attended to detail in all assignments.
EDUCATION
National Open University Of Nigeria
Bachelor of Art
Mass Communication
ROYGBIVery
Certificate of completion
Front-end internship
SKILLS
Programming Languages
Javascript(ES6)Elm-Language,
HTML, CSS
Libraries & Frameworks
React Js, Material Ui Tailwind css
Tools & Platforms
Git,Github,APIs,Testing,Netlify
Vercel, Figma, Adobe.
TOOLKIT SKILLS
Web Development,
Progressive Web App,
Responsive Web Design, CI/CD,
Text-Driven Development Scrum,
Web Accessibility, Version Control,
Material Design.
SOFT SKILLS
Self-motivation, communication,
Teamwork,
Problem-solving, Flexibility,
integrity,
Critical- Thinking, Organisation,
willingness to learn,
and Time Management.
INTERESTS
Gamer, Sky diving, Hiking.,
Contact this candidate