SUMMARY
I am an experienced IT professional, with a track record of assuming greater responsibilities and achieving difficult accomplishments for various companies that are household names as well as small businesses, Very adaptable to new environments and learning requirements. Comfortable with diverse operating systems, programming languages, hardware platforms, and enterprise/office applications, Ability to lead teams with diverse skill sets and experience, but also comfortable as an individual team member or consultant. As a leader I love defining a vision for the future of a product or team. As an induvial contributor I love how doing my job contributes to the big picture! As a highly technical consultant, I have helped numerous companies for short term and long-term goals. I am comfortable with temporary assignments or investing my time and experience for a long-term commitment to my employer.
SKILLS
Programming Languages: Java, Visual Basic, C/C++, HTML, PHP, C#, Java Script, Python, TypeScript,
Database Applications: Database Design, SQL, Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Access, MySQL
Healthcare Applications.
Cloud Hosted Applications – Amazon Web Services (AWS), Azure
DevOps: CI/CD, Agile Model, Scrum, I have experience with modern tools in-house solutions,
Security – experience correcting security flaws with various tools, Proactive security as well as after the fact analysis.
Information Security – CompTIA Security+ certified.
Application Design: Object Oriented Design and Graphical User Interface Design, Full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Application Framework Design/Design Patterns, virtualization
Strong communication skills – experience with oral presentation, technical writing and facilitating communication between technical and non-technical people.
Completed yearlong Crestcom Bullet Proof Manager course.
Project Management: IT Project Management, estimating task completion complexity and milestones, facilitating communication between team members that may be reluctant to communicate.

EXPERIENCE
Aug 2023 – Present: Gainwell Technologies: Software Engineer/Unix/Linux Developer.
I helped the company migrate its government healthcare software from antiquated Unix to more modern Linux. This initiative included moving to the Cloud. This was my primary role. I designed database objects and coded complex SQL. I programmed in the C programming language for Unix and Lynix. I mentored junior programmers. I recommended strategies for migration to more modern technology such as Java and C++. The company is now on a positive path to success, and I am now seeking a new role outside of the company.

Jan 2022 – Aug 2023 Bihrle Applied Research: Software Manager
Managed four-member software engineer team. I set direction for continuous improvement and roadmaps going forward. Provided direction to 8-member Aerospace Engineer team. Maintained CI/CD infrastructure. Acted as SCRUM master for software development. Wrote. C++ and Groovy applications. Performed code reviews. Wrote software development standards for a team of aeronautical engineers that primarily wrote MATLAB applications. I approved software for release and wrote installation scripts for production support.

Sep 2021 – Dec 2021: Eagle Technologies: Java/Database Consultant
Worked as Scrum team member developing a web application for the Department of Health and Human Service for the Head Start Program. Job required setting up unit and integration testing for application that moved to AWS.

Jun 2018 – Aug 2021 Seneren Technologies: Senior Software Engineer
Senior Technical Lead. Interfaced with customer in requirements analysis and refinement for Defense Health Agency medical records software. Using Agile/Scrum methodology (using Jira), wrote requirements specifications documents for customer approval. Maintained a web application deployed to AWS utilizing Java, JSP and Oracle. Wrote code modules in Java and SQL. Developed new Java and Oracle software components. Maintained existing Java and Oracle software components. Administered Oracle Database and SVN Source Code Control. Maintains Java Web Services Applications. Provided technical direction to junior team members. Made Unit and Integration Test recommendations. Wrote and ran Junit test cases. Maintained and Administered Oracle Fusion Middle ware in Development and Test Environments. Designed microservices functionality to separate the security service from the data manipulation service. The application maintained veteran healthcare records and cases. Maintained VDI environment hosted on Azure. Maintained virtual servers and desktops. The project was implemented using an Agile methodology. I planned and participated in the full SDLC. As team lead, I approved software for release and wrote installation scripts for production support. Acting as project manager is absence of Project Manager. I produced deliverables and provided weekly and monthly status reports.

Dec 2013 – Jun 2018: General Dynamics Mission Systems
Lead Engineer – Software
Lead software development team of five engineers in the development of a multi-tier software application that utilizes UDP, TCP and Web Services communications between tiers, Designed, coded and tested complex C++, Java, Python and Perl code modules for Linux and Windows, Evaluated Jenkins for software development. Interfaced with the customer during requirements gathering and design reviews, Wrote scripts and software components related to the application previously mentioned, Maintained project schedules using Microsoft Project, Created Requirements, Design, Status and Feasibility documents using Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Visio. Developed and maintained automated testing procedures for C++ and Java using DevOps practices. I planned and participated in the full SDLC. Participated in self inspections to verify CMMI and ISO 9000 compliance. Provided production support. Used Microsoft Project to manage my subprojects to be imported into the master project POAM. Acting as project manager for subproject, I produced deliverables and provided weekly and monthly status reports.

Dec 2012 – Dec 2013: Ironclad Technology Services
Senior Software Engineer
Designed, coded and maintained complex java web applications using Struts, Spring, Hibernate, Java and Java Script, Created software requirements specifications based on customer interaction and communication, created complex business process flows for new software applications and maintenance of existing applications. Maintained financial management web applications for US Navy that run on Web Logic application server and Oracle databases in an Agile development model.

Aug 2006 – Dec 2012 VT Milcom: Senior Software Engineer/Project Manager
Coded complex programs, designed object-oriented solutions for four project team members, issued coding standards and best practices, Developed software solutions using Java/J2EE, JSP, JSF, Visual Basic, C#, Oracle databases, MS (Microsoft) SQL Server databases, MySQL databases, MS Access databases, DOS and Windows scripting, MS SharePoint, MS CRM, MS Project. Developed Unit Tests, Integration Test and Regression Test strategies, Functioned as Database Administrator and Data Architect for company databases. Maintained virtual servers. Evaluated Jenkins for software development.

I managed VT Milcom’s vital web applications, internet and intranet sites hosted on Sun Application Server, Web Logic and IIS, I developed an inhouse job manager and scheduler using PHP backend. One major responsibility was the Virtual Program Office (VPO). VPO is in-house software that was instrumental for the largest defense contract to be awarded to the company. VPO is Project Management software that automates project manager tasks that maintain estimates and budgets. VPO interacts with company accounting system, manages Microsoft Project files and inputs and outputs Excel spreadsheets, in this role I managed a very lean team to achieved results expected of a much larger team with more resources and a larger budget. This includes help desk support for business operations, and software change request management. I planned and participated in the full SDLC.

Functioned as Software Architect as well as Project Manager for the VPO, Maintained project budget and staffing, Tracked and coordinated project milestones using Microsoft Project, Provided project status to senior management with written and oral presentations, Directed the legacy systems documentation effort for the IT Department. Worked with the team to document human processes and software applications, Recommended IT consultant usage and fulltime employee hiring strategies, served temporarily as acting IT Director then the IT Director reporting directly to the CFO. I managed 15 people, - developers and infrastructure management (hardware and networking). In this role I negotiated contracts with IT infrastructure vendors (network, telephony data storage and disaster recovery) and managed budgets. I was the IT representative on the Business Development team evaluating collaboration and business pipeline infrastructure.

Jan 2006 – Aug 2006 Amerigroup Corporation: Principal Programmer/Analyst
Senior software developer and technical lead for government healthcare software, coded complex Java, C# and Oracle applications, recommend coding standards, design patterns and source code control procedures, Reviewed software systems for improvement and redesign, Interviewed and screened potential employees and consultants. In the short time that I was with the company I recommended and implemented processes and standards that greatly improved reliability, efficiency and maintainability of in-house software applications. Designed, coded and maintained in-house software applications that process HIPPA compliant health care enrollment files using Java, SQL Server DTS packages, VB Script and Visual Basic .Net, Wrote and maintained DDL and SQL for Oracle, SQL Server and Access databases, Provided production support for critical in-house, and COTS software.

Jun 2001 – Jan 2006 MasterCard: Senior Software Engineer
Coded and managed numerous applications using various programming technologies: Visual Basic, Java, C/C++, IBM Web Sphere, Scripting tools (shell scripts and Perl), Windows, Unix, Linux etc, Created performed and documented Unit and Integration Testing. Technical Lead for in-house projects and Project Manager for overseas out-sourced software projects, created application frameworks and object oriented designs, recommended design patterns, and lead code reviews, Provided project time and resource estimates, Generated project status reports, My major value to the company was my ability to utilize my experiences with multiple programming languages, operating systems and development environments to coordinate efforts of 4 team members with different skill sets: awarded multiple times for outstanding performance for success of key strategic projects.

Jun 1999 – Jun 2001 Byrne Software Technologies Inc.: Software Engineer / Client Server Consultant
Provided project timelines, resource estimates and status reports to senior management, Project Manager as well as developer on various consulting projects, Planned, designed, programmed, implemented, documented, and maintained software using Visual Basic. Job required business requirements analysis, recommending optimal technical solutions, use of Oracle, SQL and UNIX, Visual Basic, C, C++, Developed Visual Basic applications for database front end for Oracle, SQL Server and Microsoft Access for various St. Louis area businesses (The Sporting News, Sysco Foods, etc). Provided production support. While working as an IT consultant, I even acted as a salesman generating new work before my contracts ended.

Jun 1998 – Jun 1999 Boeing, St. Louis, MO: Software Engineer
Programmed Flight/Combat simulator modules for the Apache Longbow helicopter for US Army, Simulated Aircraft Survivability Equipment (ASE) such as IR Jammer and chaff dispenser, Interfaced with the Tactical Environment and Natural Environment modules to implement crash monitoring and the effects of the natural environment on ASE systems. This involved the understanding of the math and physics of objects and electromagnetic radiation in 3D space.

Lead four-member software team doing extensive analysis, design, coding and scheduling of resources, in development of Object Oriented, real time embedded systems application that simulated data modem transmissions in a flight simulator (IDM – Improved Data Modem). Project required extensive knowledge of bit manipulation and extensive research into how real data modem worked. Programmed software that simulated electronic warfare tactics for flight combat simulators, Evaluated third party software for integration with in-house software. Participated in ISO 9000 self-audits.

EDUCATION
University of Southern Mississippi, Hattiesburg, MS
BS in Mathematics with minor in Computer Science (almost double major)
Contact this candidate