JOSUA OLUWASEUN ATAANSUYI
207-***-****
Email: ad75b2@r.postjobfree.com
Website: Josuaataansuyi.com
Milwaukee, WI. 53228
SUMMARY

I am a Software Engineer with about 10 years' experience as a Front-End Developer and about 5 years' experience as a Full Stack Developer. Having worked with mark-up languages, JavaScript (Vue.js), Flutter, styling sheets as well as various front-end frameworks like Bootstrap and Foundation, I have extensive experience in Front-End development. My back-end experience comes from working with Python, the Django framework, C++, C#, .NET, PHP, and IBM languages (CL and RPG). Recently, I obtained certification as a Scrum Master and am now looking to transition into a role as a Technical Project Manager, leveraging my technical expertise and leadership skills to drive successful project outcomes.
SKILLS

User Interface Design (UI) and User Experience Design (UX):
Creating satisfying experiences for users of products and designs.
Ideating design solutions using Crazy Eights, How Might We, and competitive audits.
Creating wireframes and prototypes on paper and digitally.
Developing mockups using visual design elements and principles.
Designing in Figma and Adobe XD.
Conducting interviews and usability studies.
Considering accessibility at every point in the design process.
Web Programming and Design:
Programming Languages: Python, C#, Java, .NET, Dart.
Mark Up Languages: HTML5, XHTML, DHTML.
Scripting Languages: AJAX, JSON, JavaScript, PHP, React.js, Vue.js.
Frameworks: AngularJS, Bootstrap, Django, Flutter.
Databases: SQL, PostgreSQL, IBM DB2, MySQL, CL (IBM).
Cloud Services: AWS.
Version Control and CI/CD: Git, CI/CD pipelines.
Software Development:
Proficient in Android mobile development.
Proficient use of Microsoft Visual Studio.
AI development using Bedrock.
Technical Project Management:
Certified Scrum Master.
Agile project management and Scrum methodologies.
Strong leadership and team management skills.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Risk management and mitigation strategies.
Project planning, scheduling, and resource allocation.
Stakeholder management and engagement.
Experience with project management tools such as JIRA, Trello.
Ability to translate technical requirements into actionable project plans.
Additional Skills:
Strong communication skills and ability to work as a team

EXPERIENCE

SUMMIT CREDIT UNION – FULL-STACK DEVELOPER ………2022
Developed and maintained user interfaces using Vue.js.
Conducted research based on user requirements.
Planned and created wireframes and prototypes using Sketch, Figma, Adobe XD, Balsamiq, and proto.io.
Implemented designs into code to ensure optimal UI and UX.
Worked on backend integration and services using MuleSoft.
Developed client-side and server-side logic using jQuery and JavaScript.
Utilized Dart and Flutter for mobile and web application development.
Managed cloud services using AWS.
Utilized JIRA for project tracking and ticketing.
Employed Bitbucket for version control and CI/CD pipelines.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to ensure project success.
FOXCONN (FII) - SOFTWARE ENGINEER II………2019 – APRIL 2021
Defining user pain points
Empathizing with users by creating empathy maps, personas, user stories, and user journey maps
Conduct Research based on the User Requirement.
Planning out The Design.
Creating Wireframes and Prototype using Sketch, Figma, Adobe XD, Balsamiq, and proto.io
Implementing the Design into Code to design the UI and UX
Writing Client-Side and Server-Side Logic using jQuery or JavaScript.
Architected, developed, and maintained a full stack module application using Django Framework

FREELANCE DEVELOPER 2018 - 2019
Develop or design a client’s-based projects on a contract base.
Give consulting advice on client’s project.
Design a UX/UI front-end website.
Installed software, modified, and repaired hardware issues and resolved technical issues.
FLOWBUBBLE – WEB DESIGNER/DEVELOPER 2012 - 2015
Designed and managed the company’s front end and back-end website during duration of work with my HTML, CSS, PHP and MYSQL.
Worked with the client services (Customer Care) department to attend to customers and proved solutions to clients.
EDUCATION

Western Governor’s University In view)
Masters in IT Management

Gateway Technical College – Associate degree 2021
Software Developer
Yaba College of Technology- Yaba, Lagos, Nigeria – Undergraduate 2014
Computer Engineering

CERTIFICATION
CompTIA A+ Certification 2024
Scrum Master Certification 2023
Google UX Professional Certificate 2021
React.js LinkedIn-Certification 2020
Shaw Academy – Certification 2014
Web design/ Development
LEADERSHIP

Class representative (Yaba college of technology)
Project Lead (Flow bubble)
Campus Star Ambassador (Gateway technical college, Racine)
Vice President (International Club)
Contact this candidate