Jan **** - Feb ****
Shirisha Khandkekar
Green Hills Rd, Farmington Hills, MI, 48335 ad78go@r.postjobfree.com 248-***-**** • ad78go@r.postjobfree.com
Profesional Summary
With 3 years in Appian development and BPM consulting, I thrive on crafting solutions for global clients with full dedication. Proficient in troubleshooting and adept at designing complex processes, I am a quick learner and a committed team player. My passion for the job ensures that I bring my full efforts to every project, enhancing organizational success.
Key Qualifications
● 3 years of Appian development, design, and analysis experience.
● Extensive BPM consulting and solution design for global clients.
● Hands-on experience in Enterprise Appian development.
● Proficient in Appian development, troubleshooting, and bug fixing.
● Skilled in designing complex SAIL forms and processes.
● Quick learner, excellent team player, can meet tight deadlines.
● Experienced in designing BPM solutions using Appian.
● Deep understanding of Appian products and latest versions.
● Familiar with Appian best practices, process modeling, SAIL, and more.
● Well-versed in Agile and scaled agile methodologies. Work Experience
Software Engineer @Bits In Glass, India
Client- Hornois Energies,Canada Appian Developer
● Responsibilities:
● Involved in gathering the requirements, database design and security matrix modeling.
● Created CDTs as per the database design.
● Created Process model, Interface, Records, Reports, Expression rules.
● Followed Appian best practices.
● Configured security on users and groups.
● Followed Agile Methodology development life cycle.
● Smoke tested the developed units.
Client - Tricon Residential, Canada Appian Developer Responsibilities:
● Involved in gathering the data.
● Created database tables as per the requirement.
● Created Process model, Interface, Records, Expression rules.
● Followed Appian best practices.
● Configured security on users and groups.
● Followed Agile methodology development life cycle.
● Involved in creating the best UI as per the client requirement following UI best practices. OENO Application Appian Developer Appian
Responsibilities:
● Gathered the requirements from the client (PHP developer team). Coordinating and understanding the full flow of the CRM with discussions and by doing research on the current PHP functionality.
● Create Flow diagrams to depict each stage of functionality. Create User stories using JIRA.
● Create ER Diagrams by referring to the Flow diagrams and the user stories created. Making sure that June 2014 - April 2018
the tables are in normal form and the linkage is done efficiently as per the best practices.
● Helping the team in understanding the requirement and the technical implementation. Breakdown requirements in a workable package and assign them to the team. Created UI for the client’s best experience keeping in mind the UI best practices.
● Created rules, expressions, process models, records required for data management. Education
Bachelor's of Computer Science & Engineering
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad
● Graduated with a 7.0 GPA.
Certifications
● Appian Senior Certified Developer
● Appian Associate Certified Developer (latest version 24.1)
Contact this candidate