Daniel Dansberg
Solon, OH 330-***-****
ad793e@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/DanielDansberg/

Senior Software Performance Quality Engineer / Data Engineer
Leverage Automation to Streamline Performance Testing & Reporting & Deliver Valuable Insights to Stakeholders

Versatile problem solver with senior-level expertise in software quality engineering, data engineering, software integration engineering, software performance engineering and software quality automation engineering. Resourceful collaborator skilled in communicating effectively with others, developing a quality framework, managing the methodology and presenting results on time. Solid history of improving operational environments and fostering collaboration and alignment. Diverse experience includes roles of manager, lead, automation developer, and documentation writer and manager, all of which are reflected in current personal work style.

Skills

Mathematics, Statistics, & Data Modeling
Ground-up QA Department Building
Test Dashboard Development
Azure & Cloud-Based Testing
Software Functional & Integration Testing
QA Leadership & Training
Test Automation Script Development
Test Planning, Documenting, & Reporting
Database Data Mining & Analysis
Software Performance Testing & Analysis

Technical Tools

SQL / Oracle
Azure VM / Portal Management
Visual Studio
Azure Databases (Bronze / Silver / Cassandra)
Microsoft ADO (Pipelines / Bug Tracking)
Teams
Excel
SQA Testing
PowerShell
Ruby
C#
Python
Cucumber
QTP (now called UFT)
JMETER
Automation Tool Suites

Professional Experience

HUBBELL (ACLARA), Solon, OH
Senior Software Performance Quality Engineer - Hubbell SIT Team 2012 to 2024
Founded and built performance team. Created team’s framework and methodology, and developed training for onboarding new staff. Served as subject matter expert (SME) in software, OS, database, data mining and Azure performance testing.
Collaborated with project managers, developers, and managers, defining requirements and expectations for performance team and identifying what team needed from others to succeed. Every new project required new negotiations on these points.
Created models for each test, determined metrics, and metric meanings, resulting in standards and best practices used for performance testing today.
Built very large automation framework to collect, analyze, predict and present data in dashboard form, which was very flexible and easy to use and became the core of the performance test framework.
Developed training and knowledgebase, helping to maintain and allow others to participate in performance framework. Created 100s of documents and videos.
Proved framework and methodology while overseeing over 40 tests, each validating viability of the software while demonstrating key points for development to improve.
Selected to travel to Bilbao, Spain to build high-performing test team for Europe. Created 100+ scripts and training manuals.
Aclara Senior Software Quality Assurance Lead 2009 to 2012
Developed new methodologies for collecting and reporting results and built first automation suites for SQA.
Created Acara’s first dashboards for test monitoring and data mining, providing critical resource for tracking progress and validating results.
Defined method for data-driven automated testing allowing tests in modular form to be handed off to engineers outside of QA, which accelerated issue discovery.
Introduced and developed automated testing of firmware and software. Gaining the ability to test against highly repetitive tasks, and freeing up more manual test time for smaller tests.
Became #2 person to ask for all points on system, after person who developed the point of interest.
Increased team efficiency by reducing manual testing from 2.5 weeks to 8 hours of hands-off automated tests.

Additional Relevant Experience

CHARLES SCHWAB, Richmond, Ohio
QA Automation Developer

MYRIAD HEALTH SYSTEMS, Chagrin Falls, OH
QA Automation Developer

NOTEWORTHY MEDICAL SYSTEMS, Landerhaven, OH
Help Desk Manager

XEROX, Webster, NY
QA Manager

Education

Master of Business Administration (MBA), University of Phoenix, Online
Completed Coursework for Master of Science in IT Management, Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, NY
Bachelor of Science (BS), Astronomy-Physics, Kent State University, Kent, OH
Contact this candidate