Cameron R Preston
A creative problem solver who enjoys tearing things down to make them better. Drawing from years of experience working with development teams in ﬁelds such as gambling, IoT devices, and video games. EXPERIENCE.
-Worked in development teams of varying sizes, budgets, and philosophies. Utilizing agile methodologies gave me the opportunity to wear many hats, which gave me a unique perspective on how the dev team operates, and how processes can be improved.
-Successfully helped two companies pivot their main business by joining their ﬁrst software development teams. As their ﬁrst QA hire, I was instrumental in developing e ective processes that reduced the number of bugs and reduced downtime.. Helped deﬁne the role of QA in an agile environment.
WORK HISTORY.
Pentair — Test Engineer/Automation Engineer
Apex, NC September 2022– current
Designed and implemented tools to automate testing our web and mobile app. Worked with developers to create a simulator to assist the QA department with tests. Wrote product test plans and test cases. Monitored automated tests and managed defects. Grover Gaming— Implementation Specialist
Greenville, NC February 2022- September 2022
Worked in an interdepartmental team, deploying and monitoring software updates on our game terminals in 12 markets. Responsible for the implementation in our newly formed Ohio market, which consisted of legal compliance, quarterly system upgrades, and troubleshooting issues. Designed tools to automate the process. Managed SQL databases that stored gamesets, and possessed intimate technical knowledge. Built test environments for the developers, and designed test cases for our QA department focusing on back-end automated tests for our SQL database.
Red Storm Entertainment — QA Analyst
Cary, NC November 2018 – January 2021
participated in all aspects of testing in a large agile team: unit, integration, functional, regression, load/performance, automation, and system testing. Created relevant documentation, updated ticket system, and communicated test results with developers. Developed scripts to automate several tests. Managed defects and proactively identiﬁed serious bugs to management. Worked with lead developers to make game demos for major conventions
Epic Games —Held Desk/ Tester
Cary, NC July 2017 – August 2018
Manually tested to troubleshoot and diagnose defects. Wrote test cases for reproducing defects. Worked closely with the developers by providing feedback and recommendations on the UI/UX of the product. Worked with a strict quota with deadlines every Tuesday. Helped train new hires.
WORK HISTORY (misc)
Dave and Busters— Senior Technician
Cary, NC, February 2024- current
Started as a support tech that assisted customers with broken games. Promoted to senior tech after 3 months and began to work on larger projects. Managed, updated, and deployed software updates to 100+ machines.
Freelance— QA Tester
Remote, February 2021- current
I have worked with several agencies to assist their clients with testing. Clients include various retail web stores, social media apps (Instagram) as well as several stock brokerages and cryptocurrency exchanges. The scope of these tests included UI exploration and API testing. Cloudsculpting Labs llc— Developer
RTP, NC January 2020- current
I use my interests and knowledge to do anything from assisting small businesses with their web presence to developing web applications. Projects ranged from ﬁnance/quant applications to using Raspberry Pi’s to develop custom devices that displayed 16 bit art. QA Analyst
Raleigh, NC
828-***-****
ad79av@r.postjobfree.com
github.com/noremac828
QA SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE.
- Designing and implementing test plans and
test strategies
-Background in writing automated scripts
-Hardware testing
-API testing
-Understanding of methodologies and best
practices
- Ability to write clear and concise test cases
and reports
-Setting up test environments on virtual
machines
-Hands-on experience with black box and
white box testing
-Writing and conducting nearly every type of
test (performance, security, functional, UX)
SKILLS.
-Advanced Linux/macOS/Windows
-AWS/Azure tools
-Working in agile/scrum teams
-Data analytics/visualization
-Troubleshooting
-Advanced networking
-Pentesting
-Software development
-Web development
Languages.
Python C++ SQL Javascript C# Powershell
Software.
Jira Testrail Git Postman Bugzilla
Selenium Azure Dev Ops Unity Engine
EDUCATION
East Carolina University
Greenville, NC June 2008 - May 2012
b.a. philosophy
CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA
A+, Network+, security+
ASTQB
Software testing foundations, Gambling
industry tester
CREDITED ON
Fortnite: Battle Royale
Epic games (2017)
QA Tester
LP llc- manager/artist
Raleigh, NC June 2017- May 2020
Professional three piece improvisational rock band. Booked and managed several tours throughout the united states, which combined with marketing strategies I helped develop resulted in us signing to an independent record label. The Division 2
Red Storm Entertainment (2019)
QA Tester
Contact this candidate