Kaiyu (Aria) Ma
Email: ad7ftn@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 323-***-**** Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/aria-ma-2199a0271/ SKILLS
Software Development Tools: React, Next.js, Node.js, Express.js, JavaScript, Typescript, Java, Python, HTML/CSS, Tailwind CSS, Zustand, AppWrite, Vercel, Vue, MongoDB, Redux, Git, Version Control, AWS, Google Cloud Platform, Enzyme, Postman, SQL, Redis, Spring Boots. EXPERIENCE
Wells Fargo Fremont, CA
Software Engineer Jan 2023 to Present
● Developed React Components with JavaScript for different UI elements including calendar, inventory list and resource status and navigation bar for reuse.
● Designed & Implemented UI component that handled over a million requests during a busy day .
● Focus on ADA compliance and WCAG standards.
● Wrote client-side code for web-based applications, creating easy-to-use production ready code.
● Collaborated with multiple teams to consume various internal APIs for internal systems.
● Assisted in the clarification and prioritization of issues for the India teams, leading to Improved communication & reduced in errors and defects
Chuwa America Corporation Milpitas, CA
Software Engineer Mar 2022 to Jan 2023
● Developed and maintained software systems for a large-scale e-commerce platform, ensuring a high reliable, secure and efficient experience for customers
● Designed database schema for operations including maintenance areas, tasks, resources, human resources.
● Managed project production release process from code review testing, creating the release packages and deployment
● Full development lifecycle, including ticket estimation, design, development, testing, and deployment.
● Collaborated with peers on technical design, schedule planning, and development of new UI features including visualization aspects and server interfaces/contracts. 1 World Education Culver City, CA
Software Engineer Feb 2019 to Mar 2022
● Designed and implemented a state management system to ensure data consistency across the application. This reduced re-renders by 20% during navigation, leading to a more performant user experience.
● Worked with nontechnical requirements during the requirement analysis phase and helped the team in breaking the requirements into implementation details.
● Worked in an agile manner with cross-functional team sprints, participated 100% of daily scrum. EDUCATION
Trine University Phoenix, AZ
Master of Science in Information Studies 2023-2024 Otis College of Art and Design Los Angeles, CA
Bachelor of Fine Arts in Digital Media (motion graphics) 2016-2020 PROJECTS
NASA Hackathon Mountain View, CA
2nd place winner (West Coast U.S.) Aug 2023
Contact this candidate