Jacqueline C. (Candi) Malone
503-***-**** Scio, OR
ad7fw3@r.postjobfree.com View LinkedIn

Results-driven Senior IT Program Manager with comprehensive experience in developing business systems, business continuity, disaster recovery processes, and organizational infrastructures that drive productivity, efficiency, and strengthened fiscal success.
Value Added
Extensive experience in leading and managing highly visible, complex technical projects and cross-functional project teams
Takes ownership of assigned projects and seeks collective team success in meeting aggressive project objectives
Expertly identifies opportunities to enhance corporate image, expand market penetration and strengthen operations
Embraces emerging business needs and adapts to changing organizational and strategic goals
Demonstrates proficiency in Cloud Based, SaaS, e-commerce, CRM, IT Infrastructure, and Agile/Waterfall project management
Areas of Expertise
Web Development Projects System Analysis Business Analysis Change Management Project Management/Planning Supply Chain AWS Cloud Technologies Budget/Expense Management Organizational Management Creative Problem Solving Customer/Client Relations Vendor Management RFP Proposals Recruiting Team Leadership/Management Cross-Functional
Collaboration

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES Scio, OR
Project Manager 06/2022-06/2024
Project Management scope to optimize platform for the Tyler Technologies Data & Insights Division for the certification of staffs access into the CJIS (FBI’s Criminal Justice Information Systems) data.
Working with HR in the development of processes to ensure that staff have met the requirements for access.
Gap Analysis of CJIS to the existing NIST &FedRAMP Controls mapping
Project Management oversight of the TIRe (D&I Operations team) JIRA backlog
Project Management oversight of the Security Teams Confluence pages clean-up
Gap Analysis of the NIST FedRAMP Rev 4 to Rev 5 Moderate Controls
JIRA & Confluence oversight.

KFORCE Portland, OR
Senior Project Manager – Holland America Group 08/2021-03/2022

Optimize platform onboarding of staff for SailPoint Implementation
Alignment of platform plans to roadmap i.e., budgets, resources, dependencies etc.
Defined platform metrics, communicated progress, exceptions, and trends to management.
Communicated scope, project roadmap, priorities and key delivery status to project stakeholders and business teams.
Results supplied to program management utilizing data metrics using excel.
Identified and managed platform risks and exceptions.
Identify gaps in legacy system that will not be replaced by SailPoint.

CIRIUM Portland, OR
Senior Program Manager 10/2019-04/2021
Monitoring progress on deliverables across multiple scrum teams
Coordinate schedule for cross team integration testing and customer facing demos
Coordination of infrastructure tasks with Team Site Reliability Engineer and Team Architect
Coordination of infrastructure tasks as required by corporate infrastructure team
Gather and collate team delivery of data metrics in the AWS environment
Application development, implementation and transition into the AWS Cloud environment
Provide oversight into the RELX cyber security platform
Optimize platform onboarding processes to mitigate the impact of project constraints.
Alignment of platform plans to roadmap i.e., budgets, resources, dependencies etc.
Defined platform metrics, communicated progress, exceptions, and trends to management.
Communicated scope, project roadmap, priorities and key delivery status to project stakeholders and business teams.
Identified and manage platform risks and exceptions.
Proposed mitigation of risks and resolution to exceptions of large scope within the overall project delivery workflow.
Monitor and report on project risks
Maintain prioritized Milestones and link to ongoing work
Manage working processes and agreements across teams
Drive alignment between stakeholders
Ensure internal tools developed for trouble shooting, validating, monitoring, and alerting on processes for customers.

OPEN SYSTEMS Portland, OR
Senior Project Manager – CDK Global 03/2019-04/2019
Identified project goals, scope, resource mix, budget, execution workflow, dependencies, DRIVE matrix, tracking/ measurement model, communication plan, change management, risk mitigation, and governance for the FORTELLIS Platform.
FORTELLIS application was being developed in the AWS cloud
Executed and tracked project against set goals, timelines, committed results, quality gates, and performance KPIs.
Followed effective processes to optimize delivery within an agile environment.
Identified, escalated conflicts and resolved platform issues.
Provide status updates to project team per governance model as well as cross-organization
IGNW Bend, OR/Portland, OR
Senior IT Program Manager – Redhawk Network Security(contract) 10/2018 – 12/2018
Coordinate and establish project timelines and goal points such as kick off meetings, project status updates, deadlines, project deployment goals and project plans.
Coordinated with sales and sales operations to review and manage delivery timelines for new projects.
Documented all stages of the project including, but not limited to, goals, timeline, deadlines, Management of Portfolio (MoP), deployment plans, incident response, and troubleshooting requirements.
Acted as the primary client contact and liaison from project inception to final deliverable.
Consistently and clearly communicate project updates, requests, challenges, and timelines with clients.
Identified out-of-scope requests and work with clients to document requirements for a Project Change Request.
Manage Redhawk resource scheduling, constraints, and workloads.
Create realistic and proper expectations with client and Redhawk resources.
Working directly with clients to coordinate, plan, and maintain project timeline throughout the project lifecycle.

PORTLAND PUBLIC SCHOOLS (PPS) Portland, OR
Senior IT Program Manager/Project Manager III 4/2013 – 6/2018
Led and directed medium- to large-scale projects with schedules greater than three months, budgets exceeding $1 million, complex project scopes, and multiple customer groups, concurrently managed multiple project teams
Identified, procured, and deployed all technologies for PPS Bond schools, inclusive of supply chain management, vendor management, and coordination of both construction PMs and Bond School administration.
Steered and coordinated cross-functional team of IT and construction PMs in designing infrastructure of each PPS Bond School, included computer labs, networking, VoIP requirements, identity/access management and cyber security infrastructure
Managed development of PPS data warehouse and system integration packages
Resolved issue escalations and cultivated productive working relationships with stakeholders in support of District objectives
Managed integration of COTS packages with PPS applications/data warehouse, as well as PPS custom software applications, in a cloud based, Agile environment
Provide senior management data metrics on projects utilizing excel
Project Management lead in building the Portfolio Management intake process that resulted in the PMO framework for PPS.
Managed and implement change management protocols for the implementation/upgrades to security patches.
Conducted, managed, implemented a district wide Asset management inventory, negotiated leasing model of technology
Spearheaded and implemented internal controls and processes for the Project Management Office
Played an integral role in defining business continuity and disaster recovery processes

STATE OF OREGON Salem, OR
Software Implementation Project Manager – ODOT Bentley Upgrade Project (Contract) 4/2011 – 4/2013
Led and developed Agile projects identifying scope, timeline, budget, resources, and communications, successful delivered Bentley software upgrade to ODOT engineering end users within project budget and schedule
Gathered and documented requirements to develop and execute Implementation Plan
Concurrently led ODOT’s operating system upgrade to Windows 7, requiring seamless communication between the two efforts

XEROX CORPORATION Wilsonville, OR
Global IT Project Manager (Contract) 3/2010 – 4/2011
Deployed telephone, infrastructure, and network upgrades, in addition to providing services to internal Xerox customers
Applied Xerox’s ITIL Service Lifecycle practices to identifying customer needs/IT requirements, designing and implementing
services into operation, and improving service
Led and managed infrastructure deployment projects for Xerox business units, included hardware, security patches, server, and VoIP upgrades
Management of projects through Xerox’s Portfolio Management practices.

STATE OF OREGON Portland, OR
SR Program Manager – DHS (Contract & FTE) 10/2006 – 8/2008
Deployed Agency wide My-License applications in an Agile environment to manage Licensing processes throughout the Public Health Office.
Produced and facilitated timely Steering Committee and DHS management status presentations, monthly status reports.
Provided leadership to the project team during application launch and upgrade releases.
Project Manager lead in establishing the Agile processes for the DHS Portfolio.
Worked with Public Health departments to ensure a smooth process for the application success to achieve their productivity goals.

STATE OF OREGON Salem, OR
SR Project Manager – DAS - (Contract) 2/2006 – 6/2006
Contract position as the Project Manager with the State of Oregon, Department Of Administrative Services, Information Resources Management Division, General Government Data Center managing the complex process of transitioning the current technology of the DAS GGDC and other technology Sections (Data and Video Services (DVS), Technology Support Center (TSC), and other small technical units, into the new State Data Center (SDC) completed on Airport Road in Salem
Responsible for ensuring that all network infrastructure was in place to support the technology that was being consolidated & relocated.
Developed the final Project/Transition Plan and working closely with DAS Managers to monitor and provide oversight to the transition process and actual IT infrastructure move into the SDC.
Provided project management, System/Business Analysis expertise and oversight for the movement of the DAS mainframe, servers, and applications, to the new SDC.
Successfully ensured that DAS customer needs were met and continuity between IT service arenas were maintained during the transition period.

KAISER Portland, OR
SR Project Manager – (Contract) 9/2005 – 11/2005
Two projects were off the shelf implementations for the Sunnyside Kaiser Hospital – Menu Management and Kitchen Inventory and the other was a Point of Sale (POS) System.
The third project was a Customer Complaint Application for the Health Plan. This project was piggybacked off of the development of the California CIWARS system. The California project was on hold, thus causing the delay in this project activity.
Projects were managed utilizing Microsoft Project, Excel spreadsheets, Word processing and database applications.
Established excellent working relationship with stakeholders, project team and vendors associated with each of the projects.
DAVERCI Hillsboro, OR
Technology Manager - (FTE) 5/2004 – 5/2005
Engineering Manager of (5) Software Engineers in the development of the Toccare System. The development of the application was in C#, utilizing the .NET and SQL Server environments. Developed and instituted QA Test cases.
Technology Management of Daverci’s IT infrastructure, including Windows 2000, SQL Server, and .NET environments
Development of Business Continuity Processes and Procedures for the Project Team, allowing a streamlined deployment of the
Company’s product line.
Implementation of CRM processes to realign the Application’s functionality to the customers business processes. Created Disaster Recovery processes
Documented and supplied data metrics to the Daverci leadership
Aligned Business re-engineering processes to reflect the needs of the Clients Best Business Practices.
Development & management of project related short and long-term goals.

TITAN SYSTEMS Portland, OR
Data Center Manager - (FTE) 8/1996 – 8/2003
Project technical lead in the design process and physical move of the Bureau of Land Management $100M Data Center co- location with the Forest Service. This included developing and implementing the re-engineering of both organizations business practices to maintain efficiency
Responsible for the integration, installation and support of the technology for the co-location of the Forest Service Data Center
and the Bureau of Land Management were in alignment to their Agencies SOP’s.
Provided exceptional technical leadership and project management for the BLM’s Operations Department
Managed BLM’s infrastructure including security patches, infrastructure upgrades, server maintenance in alignment with the DC
Standard Operating Procedures.
Development of Customer Service strategies that included objectives, key initiatives, quality metrics, staffing plan and budgeting.
Transformed a non-customer-oriented team in to a highly functional 24/7 – 365 customer directed team responsible for NOC and district support.
Established Standard Operating Procedures for all job classifications, systems and environmental issues, for the Data Centers IT infrastructure.
Established daily communications with end-users, management and clients, which led to an efficient and productive team environment.

TITAN SYSTEMS – cont’d Portland, OR
Data Center Manager - (FTE) 8/1996 – 8/2003

Management of ESRI (GIS) Software upgrades, plotting routines.
Utilizing the Remedy software, established reporting and tier one escalation processes.
Management of Data Center Staff that included 5 System Administrators, 6 Computer Operators, Media Librarian, and Administrative Assistant. Additional management of 3 off-site staff – Computer Operator, System Administrator and a Computer Technician.

NORDISK SYSTEMS Portland, OR
Sales Engineer - (FTE) 2/1996 – 6/1996
Established excellent engineering support for Kingston Technology resellers, and IBM Business Partners.
Provided customers with configuration specifications to meet their technology requirements.
Designed internal LAN and provided daily technical support to users.

TRANSCORE SYSTEMS Beaverton, OR
Software Engineer - (FTE) 5/1995 – 2/1996
First level of support engineer responsible for the network that serves mission-critical applications through a world-class data center that each month handles more than 2.5 million transactions, 245,000 faxes and 110,000 inbound calls.
Technical Support lead accountable for Call Center systems.

IIMORROW INC., Salem, OR
IT Supervisor - (FTE) 4/1993 – 2/1995
Overhauled a non-functional Help Desk, establishing procedures, and initiating accountability.
Organized and established procedures for technical training for end-users.
Technical Lead in the deployment of a hardware refresh project in an efficient manner.
Technical Lead in the deployment of software applications, upgrades, Help Desk, CRM policies & procedures, and technical training.

IIMORROW INC., Salem, OR
Software Engineer - (FTE) 3/1989 – 4/1993
Lead Software Engineer of United Parcel’s commercial Vehicle Tracking System.
Identified customers’ requirements, designed customization of the application, deployment schedules, installation
and training for users on the application.

DATAMAX, INC., Edwards AFB, CA
Software Engineer - (FTE) 4/1984 – 10/1988
Contracted employee assigned to NASA at Edwards Air Force Base, Edwards California
Software Developer of the Master Graphics Interactive Console (MAGIC). MAGIC is a resident real-time display tool available for support of research flight or ground test in the Mission Control Center.
Presented technical paper on MAGIC for its nomination with the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA.
Upgraded and maintained main frame mission critical systems. Responsible for maintenance of the IT infrastructure.

PMP Certification Review Course – Project Management Institute
Smartsheet Certification – Smartsheet, Inc.,
Budgeting for Managers – Portland Community College
Computer Science (Including Basic, FORTRAN, COBOL, C) – Chapman University
Business Management and Accounting – Linn-Benton Community & Central Oregon Community College

Microsoft Project Visio Microsoft Office Suite Smartsheet ESRI (GIS) Software Windows NT Windows 7/10/2000 SCSM SQL .NET C# Veritas JIRA Confluence Remedy GroupWise Lotus Notes Active Directory

Project Management Institute (PMI)

NASA Technical paper – MAGIC
Contact this candidate