Profile Portfolio Site
BHARATH KUMAR REDDY GUNTAKA
linkedin.com/in/bharath-guntaka/ ad7g8s@r.postjobfree.com +1-573-***-**** github.com/bguntaka779 EDUCATION
Missouri University of Science & Technology, Missouri, US Aug 2022-May 2024 Masters Of Science, Computer Science 3.6/4.0
KL University, Vijayawada, AP, India Jun 2016-May2020 Bachelors of Technology, Electronics and Communication Engineering 3.2/4.0 TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages : Java, Python, SQL, HTML, CSS(Cascading Style Sheets), Javascript, C#. Database : MongoDB, MYSQL, Hive, HBase, Pig, Spring data JPA, Neo4j(NoSQL Database). Methodologies : SDLC, Agile Development Methodology, OOPs, REST Api development, Spring MVC. Software Tools & Technologies : React, Redux, jQuery, Spring boot, Spring Security, Spring Kafka Messaging, Spring Data JPA, Maven, Git, Jira, Bitbucket, Jenkins, Postman, Apache tomcat, AWS, Big data, J2EE, High-performance applications Testing, Hibernate, JSP, IOT, Hadoop, Spark, Microservices, Servlets,, Map-Reduce, SOAP, Angular, GraphQL, Node.js, Git version control, Bootstrap, Splunk, Babel, Webpack, Typescript, ApiGee(API Gateway), Figma, SCSS. Developer Tools : Vs Code, Eclipse, IntelliJ IDEA, STS, MySQL Workbench, Google Collab. WORK EXPERIENCE
Teaching Assistant at MUST, Missouri, US Sep 2022–Dec 2023
● Tutored students in Java and SQL database, improving their coding skills and query proficiency. Assisted in task completion and graded assignments of 72 students, resulting in higher student performance and understanding.
● Collaborated on lesson plans, enhancing Java understanding of 72 students by 75%. Engaged with students to address queries & reinforce Java.
Software Engineer at ACS Solutions, Hyderabad, India Dec 2019–Jul 2022
● Pioneered the development of reusable Sitecore modules and React functionalities, such as custom hooks and route guards, driving 30% increase in application efficiency and enhancing user experience with responsive design.
● Expertly utilized React ES6 and Redux for robust state management, significantly improving application scalability and maintainability.
● Engineered high-performance web applications leveraging ReactJS, Spring Boot, and Play Framework, enhanced application scalability and performance, focusing on high traffic events and ensuring optimal resource utilization.
● Demonstrated expertise in backend development with Spring Boot and Play Framework, creating efficient, scalable solutions for high traffic project which has more than 10,000+ active users.
● Crafted and optimized SQL and Neo4j queries, achieving optimal data manipulation and interaction for complex database operations.
● Spearheaded the development and automation of new functionalities, enhancing existing features, led API development and database integration resulting in a 40% reduction in manual data entry tasks and a 25% increase in system efficiency.
● Played a key role in team leadership, aiding 8 peers with technical queries and guiding project direction to meet strategic objectives and conducted thorough code reviews to ensure quality and adherence to best practices.
● Improved team communication and client relations by presenting project data, findings, and proposals in over 50 key meetings, leading to informed decision-making and project alignment.
● Ensured 100% timely delivery of features and bug fixes, maintaining high-quality standards and minimizing side effects.
● Implemented CI/CD pipelines using GitLab, automating the deployment process for production and development environments and improving the efficiency and reliability of software releases, thereby enhancing business capability. PROJECTS
LinguaLink Chat Application, Full Stack Web Application, MUST - Developed a high-performance chat application with Spring Boot and React, featuring real-time text translation and reduced translation time by 50%. Internal Fund Management System, Full Stack Web Application, ACS Solutions- Developed a web-based application to manage a team's financial transactions, tracking deposits and expenditures to enhance transparency and efficiency, resulting in a 40% improvement in tracking efficiency and managing 200 transactions monthly for over 50 team members. Mole Master Challenge, Front-End Application- An engaging interactive game application where users earn points by accurately hitting randomly appearing moles on the screen, crafted to enhance user engagement and reflex testing. Sticky Notes - Created a user-friendly Sticky Notes web application using HTML and JavaScript, enabling users to easily create, organize, and manage their notes and tasks in a visually intuitive interface. CERTIFICATIONS
● AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
● Interactivity with JavaScript
● Introduction to HTML5
● Advanced Styling with Responsive Design
Contact this candidate