Continued...
S. David Kyle
Tucson, Arizona *****
520-***-**** • ad7gy4@r.postjobfree.com • LinkedIn
Software Architecture and Development
Multifaceted technical career combining the design and development of complex enterprise web applications with profitable team management and client relationships. Senior technical leader with expertise in system design and implementation, providing expert engineering guidance, oversight, and mentorship on complex projects. Proven ability to architect and lead development of secure, scalable software products from the ground up based on market requirements, resulting in multiple new products. Adept at collaborating across teams, communicating technical concepts effectively, and driving innovation. Serving as a subject matter expert and technical authority, spearheading the most challenging areas while fostering continuous learning within engineering teams.
Core Competencies:
• Web Application Design and
Development
• Application Lifecycle Management
• C#
• TypeScript/JavaScript
• Azure/AWS
• React
• xUnit/NUnit
• Git/Azure DevOps
• Engineering mentoring
• Agile Methodologies
• Cloud / Big Data / Data Warehousing
• Automated Unit Testing
• Systems Design for Deploy and
Support
Professional Experience
Clinisys, Tucson, Arizona
Principal Software Engineer, (1/2015 – 9/2023)
Senior Software Engineer, (5/2008 –12/2014)
Act as technical architecture engineer in the cloud and SCRUM Master. Interface with a diverse range of clients to complete development of sophisticated web-based projects within budget and ahead of schedule. Direct all aspects of architectural development. Provide critical technical subject matter expertise for sensitive application functions. Projects included:
Clinisys VUE:
Management: Introduced SCRUM methodology to company that became the model for Product Development and served as SCRUM Master for 25 analysts, engineers, testers, and technical writers including offshore team members. Interfaced with clients on installation procedures and delivered feedback to product development. Development: Created web application architectures that successfully passed all security audits and satisfied business need.
Architected and developed cloud-based web application based upon HTML and CSS, AngularJS written in TypeScript, REST services written in C#, and SQL Server Database
Implemented fully automated unit testing
Clinisys Tempo
Management: Transformed the organization through Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) using Windows Communication Foundation (WCF). Designed the migration approach for moving from a legacy ORM model to Entity Framework.
S. David Kyle
Page Two
Development: Improved procedures: Implemented client scripting to increase web performance, improved SQL performance by optimizing stored procedures. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to improve product quality and customer satisfaction, developed product demo prototypes for user group conferences.
Architected and developed Azure Cloud application based modern web technologies, C#, and SQL Server Clinisys Clinical Environment
Management: Led and mentored a diverse team, including software engineers and quality assurance specialists. Implemented comprehensive training programs to enhance team capabilities across all facets of software development and support.
Development: Led the initiative to adapt a UK-based medical diagnostic application for the U.S. market, enabling American physicians to order a wide range of clinical tests. Orchestrated comprehensive architectural modifications to ensure compliance with U.S. healthcare regulations while enhancing system performance and scalability.
The Automation Centre, Tucson, Arizona
Senior Software Engineer, 21/2005 – 5/2008
Software Engineer, 1/2002 – 12/2004
Held responsibility as product owner, architect, and designer of the company’s flagship web-based data warehouse product. Led the design and development of Tracker Suite.Net a web application for business process management Development: Windows-based and Forms-based internet security strategy. Data access layer including CRUD methods enabling rapid development. Suite of developer tools used to create consistent, flexible and powerful user interfaces and real-time reporting.
Prior Experience
Site Developer for Sapient Corporation, Atlanta, GA Software Engineer for Twin Engines, Inc., Atlanta, GA Philanthropy or Community Support
First Things First Program, Cooperative Extension, University of Arizona, 2015-2020 Developed a comprehensive web application for multiple Family Resource Centers to demographic data, attendance and generate reporting metrics for programs. Funded by First Things First, the Centers provide free services such as child health and development education, parenting guidance, and support for young families with children from birth to age 5.
Proficiencies
Industry Knowledge: Web Applications, Software Development, Agile Methodologies, SCRUM, SDLC, Integration
Tools: React libraries: Axios, Chakra UI, TanStack query and developer tools, Vite, Zod, ASP.NET MVC, Containers, Entity Framework Core, SQL Server, REST, Unit testing/xUnit/NUnit, Git, MS Build, Azure services, Azure DevOps with CI/CD, design pattens, systems engineering
Education and Credentials
Bachelor of Industrial Engineering
The Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, Georgia
Contact this candidate