GEORGIY GADAYEV
New York, NY ***** 929-***-**** ad7gtd@r.postjobfree.com http://www.linkedin.com/in/georgiy-gadayev-70503831

SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER
Highly skilled software professional with extensive experience in developing robust and scalable software solutions. Expertise in multiple programming languages and frameworks, adept at designing and implementing complex software systems. Strong/superb/creative/passionate problem-solving skills and attention to detail, with a knack for technical innovation. Proven track record of leading and collaborating with cross-functional teams, driving successful project outcomes and delivering high-quality code. Perform technical lead role through the SDLC. Ability to adapt to rapidly changing environments. Self-motivated Z/OS Mainframe Developer with a positive attitude. Willingness to drive large projects to completion in a fast-moving environment.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Software Development Collaborate with support teams, product teams and Business
A client-facing role System Architecture
Demonstrated consistently clear and concise written and verbal communication
Strong analytical and communication skills Reverse-engineering
Extracting business rules from the existing legacy code
Aggregate business rules at functionality level, document and explain them
Translate user insights and data to create end-to-end user flows
Backend and Frontend Development Teamwork Database Management Analyzing information
API Design and Integration Agile Methodologies PI planning and Scrum calls for agile projects
Project Management Technical Leadership
Review project proposals, evaluate alternatives, provide estimates and make recommendations
Healthcare Financial Health Care Industry Healthcare Claim Processing
Understanding of the Payment Industry and Associated Products
Mainframe to .NET Migration Reconciling votes and vote tabulations
Software design, documentation & testing Performance tuning Multitasking
Strong multithreading and performance-oriented programming skills
Effectively self-manage working independently via technical specification
Able to formulate problems and offer effective solutions Build test strategy Test Driven Development (TDD)
Plan and support system Implementation support Ability to provide technical guidance to team members
Offshore coordination and lead the development work Data Structures Data Collections
Data aggregation, standardization, linking, and quality check mechanisms, and reporting
Experience working in a fully remote environment Incident Management Change Management
Balancing multiple streams of work simultaneously
Handling pressure and working under stress

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages: COBOL LE/II, COBOL V5/V6, CICS, DB2, VSAM, zOS/JCL, DFSORT, ICETOOL, ICEMAN, EasyTrieve, HTML, SQL
Software: Microsoft Office Suite (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Project, Teams, Visio & etc.), Fault Analyzer, File Manager, IBM Debug, TSO/ISPF, QMF, XDB, SPUFI, Microfocus Cobol, Change Control Facility (CCF), Endevor, Panvalet, CA-7 & CA-11 (CA Workload Automation Restart Option for z/OS Schedulers), JIRA, BMC ITSM, ServiceNow, FTP/SFTP, InterTest, Expediter, File Aid.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Fidelity Investments (NYC) 08/2023 – present
Senior Software Engineer
Designed, coded, and tested various online and batch COBOL/CICS/DB2 using VSAM files and DB2 tables for z/OS the IBM mainframe platform.
Created JCL’s for load database, image copy, backup, table data aging, and report compares
Developed package migrations for production and scheduled QA/production batch jobs.
Resolved variety of high impact problems/projects through in-depth evaluation of complex business processes, system processes, and industry standards.
Established metrics, reconciling trades, and recovering potentially trade transactions.
Designed, coded, and tested various patching programs/processes for DB2 tables.
Responsible for maintaining four systems: TRACE – Trade Reporting & Complains Engine, MSRB reporting – Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, ACT reporting – Automated Confirmation of Transaction Reporting (we report it to FINRA), 606 Reporting – SEC RULE 606 of NMS- National Market System reporting.
Involved in project “T+2 to T+1 settlement”.

Broadridge Financial Solutions (NYC) 01/2020 – 08/2023
Senior Software Engineer
Steering full project life cycle:
Defined user requirements, preparing programs, and specifications (functional & technical).
Designed, coded, and tested various online and batch COBOL/CICS/DB2 using VSAM files and DB2 tables for z/OS the IBM mainframe platform.
Coded and full multi-tested including batch, system, user acceptance, integration and parallel.
Ensured post implementation day-to-day 24x7 on-call production support for problem resolutions.
Established metrics, reconciling votes, and recovering potentially vote tabulations.
Coded paging programs for production support and batch/DB2 programs for data conversion.
Created JCL’s for load database, image copy, backup, table data aging, and report compares
Developed package migrations for production and scheduled QA/production batch jobs.
Resolved variety of high impact problems/projects through in-depth evaluation of complex business processes, system processes, and industry standards.
Provided expertise in area and advanced knowledge of applications programming and ensure application design adheres to the overall architecture blueprint.
Utilized advanced knowledge of system flow and develop standards for coding, testing, debugging, and implementation.
Demonstrated consistently clear and concise written and verbal communication.
Adjusted priorities quickly as circumstances dictate.
Developed comprehensive knowledge of how areas of business, such as architecture and infrastructure, integrate to accomplish business goals.
Managed and implemented successful projects.
Extensive experience system analysis and in programming of software applications.
Strong understanding of Mainframe programing (JCL, COBOL, OMVS, CICS, DB2, SFTP & NDM transfer protocols).

Mount Sinai Medical Systems (NYC) 02/1999 - 11/2019
Senior Software Engineer
Steering full project life cycle:
Defined user requirements, preparing programs, and specifications.
Designed, coded, and tested various online and batch COBOL/CICS using VSAM files for z/OS the IBM mainframe platform.
Coded and full multi-tested including batch, system, user acceptance, integration and parallel.
Ensured post implementation day-to-day 24x7 on-call production support for problem resolutions.
Established metrics, reconciling charges, and recovering potentially lost money.
Worked closely with vendors, hospital department managers, and finance/patient billing offices.
Trained team members on HL7 (Health Level 7) interfaces (real-time and batch).
Gained experience with Revenue, Billing, and Financial Services Healthcare industry.

ADDITIONAL RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Senior Systems Development Consultant, Citibank, (NYC) 03/98 - 12/98
Senior Technology Compliance Consultant, Merrill Lynch (NYC) 02/97 - 03/98
Technology Programming Consultant, National Starch, (NJ) 11/95 - 02/97
Technology Conversion Consultant, Chubb & Sons, (NJ) 08/94 - 10/95

EDUCATION
Master of Science (MS) in Computer Engineering (09/01/1992 – 06/06/1993)
Bachelor of Science (BS) in Applied Mathematics & Computer Science (09/01/1986 – 06/06/1992)
Tashkent University of Information Technologies
Contact this candidate