Experienced Full Stack Developer
with **+ years of hands-on
experience in building high-quality
web applications from crafting
intuitive user interfaces to
designing and implementing robust
server-side logic.
ad7gy5@r.postjobfree.com
Asa Norte Superquadra Norte
211 - Asa Norte, Brasília - DF,
70863-080 Brazil
31 years old
Remote work only
English
Fluent
TOEFL : 85/120
Portuguese
Native
Ricardo Cerri
Assistant Professor, University of
São Paulo
ad7gy5@r.postjobfree.com
James Chan
Lead Engineer, Atlas Talents
ad7gy5@r.postjobfree.com
Research ability
Communication
Agile / Scrum
Software development lifecycle
(SDLC)
Project management
José TARO
SENIOR FULL-STACK ENGINEER
Languages
References
Skills
Education
Bachelor of Computer Science From February 2010 to January 2014 University of São Paulo,
Av. Prof. Luciano Gualberto, 403 Cidade Universitária, Butantã São Paulo - SP, 05508-010 Brazil
Work experience
Senior Full-Stack Engineer From March 2022 to June 2024 (2 ans+) ETHDICE, Oslo, Norway
Implemented 8 key gaming features including betting, dice, and coinflip, resulting in a 30% increase in user engagement and a 20% rise in daily active users, by developing custom modules in Laravel and integrating with blockchain technology for secure transactions.
Upgraded platform from Laravel 5 to Laravel 11, reducing load times by 40% and increasing API response speed by 25%, through systematic refactoring and leveraging new framework features such as improved routing and caching mechanisms.
Collaborated with a team of 8 teammates to design and implement admin pages using Laravel Filament/Nova.
Enhanced website stability and security by implementing automated testing with PHPUnit and integrating Sentry for real-time error tracking, reducing customer support issues by 50% and increasing user satisfaction by 25%.
Integrated Socket.IO with blockchain technology, enabling real-time transaction updates and reducing data processing latency by 60%, resulting in a 40% improvement in user transaction completion rates. Conducted comprehensive code reviews and provided insightful suggestions that elevated code quality, reduced technical debt by 25%, and expedited release cycles by 15%.
Developed responsive user interfaces using React.js and Inertia.js, increasing mobile user retention by 35% and reducing bounce rates by 20% across all devices.
Integrated Sentry, Google Recaptcha, Hubspot, Mailchimp, Mixpanel and Factors.ai services into the system, fortifying security, optimizing marketing efforts, analyzing and visualizing user activities on the website. Implemented domain customization through eventcreate.com and AWS Route53, enhancing the platform's branding and customization capabilities.
Technologies: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript, Typescript, React, Intertia.js, Node.js, Express.js, Koa, PHP, Laravel, Filament/Nova, Eloquent, PHPUnit, PostgreSQL, Socket,IO, Amazon Cognito, Amazon Route53, Dynamo DB, Amazon RDS, Docker, Hubspot, Mailchimp, Mixpanel, Factors.ai, Jest, Sentry, Recaptcha, Blockchain, Ethereum, Solidity, Jenkins, Nginx, Blockchain, NFT Ethereum, Solidity
Mid-Senior Full-Stack From September 2019 to December 2021 (2 ans+) Engineer
FMTOD, Miami, United States
Worked on multiple projects using Symfony 6 to deliver fullyfunctional APIs and back-end functionality.
Added search functionality by AWS OpenSearch and Elastic Search. Implemented Normal Sign in and Single Sign-On (SSO) using AWS Cognito, integrating with Microsoft Azure and Okta.
Added some key functionalities to website such as real-time communiation with websocket and premium features by integrating Stripe, PayPal, Amazon Pay and Twilio.
Developed smart contracts for creating and trading NFTs using Solidity. Technologies: HTML, CSS, Tailwind CSS, Javascript, JQuery, Vue, PHP, Core PHP, Laravel, Livewire, Symfony, Doctrine, Eloquent, MySQL, Web Socket, Amazon Cognito, Amazon OpenSearch, ElasticSearch, Amazon S3, Dynamo DB, Amazon RDS,Docker, Microsoft Azure, Okta, PHPUnit, Jest, Sentry, Recaptcha
PHP
Core PHP, Laravel, Symfony,
CodeIgnitor, YII, PHPUnit
Front-end technologies
HTML5, CSS3, LESS, SASS,
Bootstrap, Tailwind CSS, Material-
UI, Semantic UI
Javascript / Typescript
SPA frameworks: React, Vue,
Next, Nuxt
State management: Redux,
Vuex, Pinia, MobX
Testing frameworks: Jest,
Jasmine, Mocha
Task runners and bundlers:
Webpack, Gulp
Frontend libraries and
frameworks: jQuery,
Backbone.js, Ember.js
Backend Technologies:
Node.js, Express.js, Koa,
Nest.js, Strapi
Elixir / Phoenix
RESTful API / GraphQL
Blockchain
Solidity, NFT, SmartContract,
Ethereum
Third-parties
AWS, Azure, Okta, Vercel,
Hubspot, MailChimp, Zapier,
SalesForce. EventCreate, Mixpanel,
Factors.ai, Sentry, Recaptcha,
Docker, Jenkins, Nginx
Soccer
Video game
Computer skills
Interests
Work experience
Mid-Senior Laravel Full-Stack Engineer From July 2018 to July 2019 (1 an)
(Remote Contractor)
HAZOR, London, United Kingdom
Actively participated in the development of Laravel packages, contributing to the open-source Laravel community and leveraging the power of reusable components.
Utilized Laravel's robust features, including routing, ORM (Eloquent), and authentication, to build efficient and scalable web applications. Worked closely with cross-functional teams, including designers and product managers, to translate business requirements into technical solutions.
Managed the hosting infrastructure on AWS (Amazon Web Services), ensuring high availability, scalability, and security for the applications. Technologies: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Tailwind CSS, Javascript, JQuery, Vue, PHP, Core PHP, Laravel, Package development, Eloquent, MySQL, MongoDB, AWS services, Docker, PHPUnit, Jest
Intern/Junior Front-End/Full-Stack From April 2014 to May 2018 (4 ans+) Engineer
NerdStudio.Site, Brasilia, Brazil
Partnered with senior developers to design and implement web applications using PHP and Laravel.
Developed and maintained front-end components using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and Vue.js.
Created and managed MySQL databases, ensuring data integrity and optimizing query performance.
Assisted in the implementation of RESTful APIs for seamless communication between front-end and back-end systems. Participated in code reviews, contributing to the improvement of code quality and team knowledge sharing.
Debugged and resolved issues in a timely manner, ensuring the smooth operation of applications.
Employed Git for version control, managing code repositories, and coordinating development efforts.
Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Javascript, JQuery, PHP, Wordpress, Apache, Vapor, Nginx, MySQL, Docker, PHPUnit, Vue
Contact this candidate