Automation Test Engineer
Name: Pravin Bhausaheb Khedkar
C o n t a c t N o . : +9 1 97 6 3 2 6 3 6 7 0

E m a i l I D : k p r a v i n . s q a @g m a i l . c o m

Objective
Selectors Hub Certified Software Automation Test Engineer with 2.10+ years of
real time experience of an E-Commerce domain project, proficient in manual as
well as Automation testing on Client/Server and Web-based applications.
Extensive hands on experience on all phases of Software DevelopmentLife Cycle
(SDLC), its methodologies Such as Agile-SCRUM and waterfall models and
Selenium Automation tool with Java.

Skills & Qualifications

Having 2 years of Experience of Software testing on E-Commerce Domain with Expertise in
Automation Testing with The help of Selenium (Java).
Good experience in analyzing the User stories in Sprint Backlog.
Implemented Agile Methodology process in the project.
Knowledge in Testing Methodology,Test Scenarios, design Test cases, defect analysis
and defect report.
Very Good understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) as well as Software
Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Expertise in TestNG, Annotations, and keywords in automation.
Knowledge in Adhoc Testing, Acceptance Testing, performance testing.
Expertise in Defect Life Cycle / Bug Life Cycle.
Expertise in bug tracking process using bug tracking tool JIRA.
Performed Automation testing using Selenium Web Driver using JAVA Language on
Web based(Browser) application.
Knowledge of handling Popups, List Box.
Good understanding in JAVA, OOPs Concept.
Executed test scripts on IE, Firefox and Google chrome.
Knowledge about scrum meeting to discuss about project progress report every day.
Performed different testing like Sanity Testing, Functional Testing, Regression and Retesting.
Expertise in designing, writing and executing the test cases and decision tables.
Ability to interact with clients and manage client expectations.
Possess good coordination, inter-personal communication and thought-leadership skills.
Strong background in manual testing, with the ability to plan, design, and execute test cases.
Strong and professional work ethics and time management skills to deliver results and meet
challenging deadlines.
Ability to take ownership to identify and resolve issues, towards successful conclusions.
Excellent written communication skills and Good analytical reasoning.
Identification and preparation of automation test scripts for in scope automation test requirements.
Assist automation lead to plan and prioritize the automation requirements.
Experience in Web Application Testing.
Banking and payments experience will be an added advantage
Experience in test planning, test strategy, estimation, scheduling and Summery.
Extensive experience in test design and execution.
Experience in defect logging, management and tracking.
In-depth knowledge of SDLC and STLC phases and testing methodologies, processes
Expertise in designing, writing and executing the test cases and decision tables.
Ability to interact with clients and manage client expectations.
Knowledge in Test design techniques like Equivalence Class Partitioning and Boundary Value
Analysis. Experience in preparation of Test cases and executing the same.
Experience in working on Page Object Model Design pattern with Data Driven framework.
Familiar with use of MAVEN.
Excellent understanding of Defect Status Life Cycle.
Good communication, collaboration with proficiency at grasping new technical concepts quickly
and utilize the same in a productive manner.
Experience working in an Agile / Scrum development process.
Hands-on experience with automated testing tools.
Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing.
Proven hands on experience in software quality assurance.
Proven hands on experience in software development.
Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes.
Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases.
Solid knowledge of SQL and scripting

Tools Dexterity
Testing Tools : Selenium WebDriver with JAVA
Test Management Tools : JIRA
DBMS : MY SQL
Operating Systems : Windows family.
Test Scripting Languages : JAVA

Work Experience
Working as Software Test Engineer i.e. QA on an E-Commerce Domain project with Selenium
Automation tool and Jira Project Management tool at Codify Software Services since August
2021.

Project Details
Title : E-AgriBasket
Domain : E-Commerce
Client : CodeBright
Technologies : JAVA, SQL
Tools : Selenium Web Driver
Project Description: This E-Agribasket.com Application is developed in Java for online
shopping purpose.
This website is useful for customer. Customer is able to register and login into system. Customer is
able to purchase agricultural product from this website he has a facility to pay amount online.
Customer can create his own shopping cart and manage his cart.
Roles and responsibilities:
Understanding the requirements and communicating with team for better understanding of the
requirements.
Responsible for testing deliverables, prioritizes and monitors activities to meet such dates for
individual assigned features.
Reporting daily testing status in scrum call with team.
Identified End to End Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Test Data Execution of test cases.
Interact with developers and discussed technical problems, Bugs Tracking and Generating
Reports.
Participating Weekly and Daily Scrum calls, Sprint meetings, Retrospective meetings with the
Business team.
Identification of defects, registering them in JIRA and reporting them to the onsite lead.
Performing Functional Testing, Regression Testing and Re-Testing.
Validation of Expected output vs Actual output in respective database tables Using SQL.

Education
Bachelor of Engineering (Mechanical), from D.Y. Patil College Of Engineering, Pune.

Personal Details
Date of Birth : 16/03/1996
Gender : Male
Nationality : Indian
Languages Known : English, Hindi and Marathi
Present Address : SB Road, Pune

Key Links :
LinkedIn : https://www.linkedin.com/in/pravin-khedkar-b5427120a/
QA Blog : https://thesqathoughts.blogspot.com/
GIT Hub : https://github.com/kpravinsqa

Selector’s Hub Certificate :

Date : 24 April 2024
Place : Pune.
Regards,
Pravin Khedkar
Contact this candidate