TAMMY NGO
***- ***-****
ad7gn8@r.postjobfree.com

SR. SOFTWARE AUTOMATION
SUMMARY:
Experiences in designing, developing software GUI for windows and web application, develop automation frameworks and scripts for client/server application using various languages and tools. Experience in developing automation application in telephony, networking, semiconductor, signal processing, and telecommunications industries. Experience in design test cases, automation testing, testing devices, hardware and perform execution scenarios from end to end.

Expertise
Develop and Programming, Problem solving, Finding and Fixing bugs
Languages
Java, Python, C#, C++, C, JavaScript, MFC, Win 32, HTML, XML, SQL.
Software

Database
Hardware
Selenium, Appium, JUnit, Unittest, Webdriver, WinAppDriver, Pywinauto, Pytest, Ui Automator, API testing, TestStack.White, Automation Instruments, J2EE, JDBC, Swing/AWT, Rest API
SQL server, Oracle, MySQL
Windows, Mac, UNIX, Linux

WORK EXPERIENCES:

Seagate, Inc 02/16-11/2023
Sr. Software Engineer in test

Design and develop Optimus automation framework on Windows using Python with Pywinauto, Pytest to automate app to check activities of copy/delete workflows between local devices or with external endpoint AWS and to detect devices and set device partitions and crypto erasing.
Worked on developing automation Toolkit framework on Windows app using Selenium Webdriver, WinAppDriver in Python to test all devices with different modules including syncing data, setup securities and import data.
Design and develop automation framework for mobile Hummingbird applications working on Android/iOS devices using Uiautomator with Java/Python and TestNG.
Design and develop automation framework for testing Lyve Cloud application working on Android/iOS devices with Selenium Python.
Using C# with TestStack. White library to create automation test cases for Lyve Cloud and Toolkit app on windows.
Design test cases and execute Rest API testing and manual functional testing including UAT, build acceptance, smoke, regression testing and database testing.

SAMSUNG, Inc, Mountain View 08/15-01/16
Sr. Software Automation Engineer
Design and develop automation framework for testing Samsung+ application including UI features and performance of Android phones and tablets.
Using Appium Selenium Webdriver with Java to write functional test cases and library and utility features of Samsung+ support and diagnostics of issues of devices
Follow agiles process to work closely with team to finish stories of each sprint

LYVE MINDS, Inc, Cupertino 08/14-08/15
Sr. Software Automation Engineer
Develop automation framework for testing UI features and performance of Lyve Home device that allows to capture photos from cameras, to store and display all photos and videos on cloud-based service that can access anywhere and anytime in any Android devices and iOS devices that installed Lyve App.
Using Appium and Selenium Webdriver and UiAutomator frame work in Java to write automation tool for testing features of Lyve Home devices like create account, sign in, add users and setting network, Wi-Fi, time zone, screen saver, and all features of Lyve app installed in Android devices to sync and view all the photos and videos.
Using Xcode, XCTest, UI Automation instrument tool with Javascript to automate scripts for testing iOS devices to view photos after login to Lyve App

AEHR Test System, Fremont CA 11/13-07/14
Sr. Software GUI Engineer
Design and develop GUI for semiconductor application from scratch including user interface and communicate with middle layer and multi-threading.
Drawing and manipulate wafer map using Java Swing and Java core and display data using SQL server.
Follow specs to write structure of application layer to display Wafer map and data after testing.

Cisco System, Inc, San Jose CA 11/06-10/2013
Sr. Software Engineer in test
Develop and writing automation test tool framework using Java core and Java Swing in Linux. Application includes UI, multi-threading, and web service to invoke API operation of phones to test Call Manager and VOIP phones with SIP protocol and mobile interaction.
Using Python and internal scripts to test functional and API.
Using SQL to query database from backend.
Participate in full development life cycle including requirement analysis and design, develop and test
Find bugs relevant to all the components relating to reduce customer found defects.
Writing test plans and automation scripts and execute across all functional area of products. Perform black box and white box testing methodologies.
Follow Agile and collaborative process to discuss and identify issues and find solution from beginning in daily tasks
Lead small team remotely weekly to follow up tasks and debug and report issues.

Wave System, Cupertino CA 04/05-04/06
Software developer
Developed software for Dell Preboot Application project that enable secured users to set and change BIOS level passwords, also enroll and manage of fingerprint and smart card authentication, and automatic Windows logon functionality
Implement globalization and localization
Coding in C#, .Net, HTML,Javascript

KLA-Tencor, Milpitas, CA 07/99-09/03
Software Engineer
Design and develop the web GUI for the iPlatform software enable users to run Jobs and view the real time system status and module status and displays the graphs of the results with C#, ASP.Net, COM, XML
Responsible for implement the web-based user interface to search and view digital images, analyze and report data stored on VARS Host with ASP, Java, MFC, HTML, SQL server, Oracle.

EDUCATION: B.S. in Computer Science at San Jose State University
Contact this candidate