Benjamin D. Gray
Newnan, GA • ad7gz2@r.postjobfree.com • 404-***-**** • github.com/bengray • in/bendoylegray Hands-on technical leader and mentor with 13+ years of experience building high-performance, scalable web solutions capable of supporting large volumes of traffic and e-commerce transactions. Demonstrated ability to implement and enforce best practices, build and train teams, facilitate code reviews and lead technical decision-making.
EXPERIENCE
Founder & Software Engineer - Code Less Traveled - Atlanta, GA October 2023 - Present Code Less Traveled is a software engineering company focused on modern web development Founded this company to provide web development services, hosting and support to marginalized communities. Services offered include technical consulting, custom website development, optimization, hosting, feature addition, and bug/error resolution.
● Proficient in multiple CMS systems: WordPress, Shopify, Magento, and custom-built applications.
● Integrated headless CMS systems such as Strapi, 4D and Contentful with existing e-commerce websites via GraphQL and REST APIs.
● Quickly roll out new page development within existing websites, matching pre-existing design and content patterns.
Tech: ReactJS, Node.js, Typescript, REST APIs, Github Workflows, Gatsby JS, Firebase, CICD Manager Information Technology - Floor & Decor - Atlanta, GA Apr 2023 – July 2024 Floor & Decor is the largest retailer of hard-surface flooring in the U.S. Hired to manage a six-member full-stack engineering team that builds internal tools and owns a portfolio of 14 applications. Responsibilities spanned hiring, onboarding, training, mentoring, conducting code reviews, writing and debugging code, performance reviews, product delivery, production support, and nurturing team well-being.
● Established and enforced best practices for development, release management, and deployment, and provided governance to ensure consistency and compliance across code reviews and a distributed developer model.
● Lead the technical replatform of legacy software applications to a modern software stack of ReactJS, SpringBoot and PostgreSQL. This includes current efforts to migrate on-prem applications to Azure Cloud, and integrate deployment to a shared CI/CD pipeline.
● Managed technical aspects of a relationship with a purchase order processing vendor that resulted in an increase in processing speed from 400/hr to 2000/hr. Guided team in identifying and remediating multiple bugs in the solution that were reported to the vendor for resolution.
● Provide hands-on leadership to ensure deadlines and deliverables are met, including writing code when necessary.
Tech: Azure, Java, ReactJS, ArgoCD, Jenkins, Bitbucket, Docker Software Development Manager - Revel Systems - Atlanta, GA Dec 2020 – Apr 2023 Revel Systems is a leading international cloud-native management platform and POS system. Set vision for and managed three full-stack engineering teams. Oversight included hiring, onboarding, training, mentoring, performance reviews, product delivery, and ensuring team health and morale.
● Mentored, trained, and developed direct reports that resulted in regular promotions.
● Guided delivery of a greenfield authorization system that managed users’ authorization and access.
● Oversaw an iOS development team in delivery of automated asset provisioning, custom printer integrations, and communication improvements for devices syncing data across the network.
● Guided an engineering team to successfully implement solutions to payment processing integrations.
● Created an internship program from scratch to improve talent acquisition and mentoring capabilities.
● Organized deployment efforts across teams and introduced processes to standardize best practices, including GitHub branching standards, automated unit testing, benchmarks, and documentation strategy.
● Crafted and deployed AWS Lambda using Go and Terraform to facilitate the connection of GitLab CI/CD pipeline and release versioning in GitLab and Jira.
● Led several initiatives to create volunteer opportunities in the community to give back to the community and foster employee engagement and cohesion.
Tech: AWS, Node.js, Terraform, Go, Python, GitLab, ReactJS, Vue Front End Engineering Team Lead - Rooms To Go - Atlanta, GA May 2019 – Dec 2020 Rooms to Go is the largest private furniture retailer in the US. Hired as front-end team lead with responsibility for high-level architecture decisions, new feature implementation, work prioritization/assignments, and team oversight to include interviewing, hiring and onboarding, training and mentoring, performance reviews, and ensuring team health.
● Led efforts to reduce homepage size from 13 MB to 3 MB to improve loading speed by 75%.
● Drove AA 508 compliance efforts for users with disabilities.
● Spearheaded code improvement measures by authoring, implementing and enforcing strict code styles with frequent code reviews and consistent training. Led adoption of React and ES6 best practices.
● Implemented several site features with a direct bottom-line impact which led to e-commerce revenues growing from $300K to $2.5M per day during the Covid pandemic. Tech: ReactJS, ES6, Gatsby, Core JavaScript, Sass, Node.js, Contentful CMS, MongoDB, AWS, Jenkins Software Engineer (Contract), CNN - Turner Digital Media - Atlanta, GA Feb - May 2019
● Served as a full-stack JavaScript engineer contributing to a proprietary CMS solution used to publish digital news content in real-time for the front page of CNN.com. Tech: React, ES6, AWS, Node.js, Redux, CircleCI, Rancher Senior Software Engineer, User Interface Engineer - Cox Automotive - Atlanta GA Sep 2015 – Feb 2019 Cox Automotive is the Atlanta-based arm of Cox Enterprises, owner of Kelley Blue Book, Autotrader, and Manheim. Held roles as a UI Engineer on a high-performing team at Autotrader and as a full-stack engineer to develop Node.js and Docker microservices for AWS to facilitate communication between car dealerships and customers.
● Contributed to build of a Chevy Silverado ad featured on Autotrader.com’s front page that resulted in
~$5M revenue.
● Crafted performant front-end solutions to reduce home page load time. Re-engineered internal pages to React.js architecture to increase performance and reduce development overhead.
● Mentored junior and mid-level engineers and led regular technical training to teach new technologies.
● Developed front-end for re-branding of Trade-In Marketplace to Kelley Blue Book Instant Cash Offer.
● Acted in Team Lead capacity to facilitate feature delivery and deployment. Tech: AWS, Jenkins, Elastic Beanstalk, Core JavaScript, React.js, Redux, ES6, Webpack, Redux, SCSS, HTML5, Java, JSP, JSF
Senior Software Developer - KSE Outdoor Group - Atlanta, GA Nov 2014 – Sep 2015 KSE Outdoor Group is a leading publishing company with titles Guns & Ammo, American Whitetail, and In-Fisherman.
● Developed commercial web and e-commerce applications for multiple high-traffic websites including gunsandammo.com and in-fisherman.com using MySQL, PHP, WordPress, HTML5, CSS, and jQuery. Web Application Developer, Systems Administrator - JMX Services, Inc. - Fayetteville, GA Jun 2010 – Nov 2014 JMX Services is a high-tech R&D lab. Major clients include Georgia Power and Georgia Tech. Prior experience includes five years in IT Consulting and contract web development. SKILLS
Domain-driven design, JavaScript, ReactJS, Redux, TypeScript, OSX, iOS, Linux, Windows, NodeJS, AWS, Docker, GraphQL, REST, Apache, NGINX, HTML5, Sass, styled components, MySQL,MongoDB, Git EDUCATION
Bachelor’s Degree Toccoa Falls College - Toccoa, GA
Contact this candidate