James L. Kinoshita
Mobile: (***) *** - **** E-mail: ad7haj@r.postjobfree.com
WORK EXPERIENCE
Apporto (full-time remote)
(January 2022 - Jun 2023)
Senior QA Contract Engineer
Tested Windows and MacOS-based VM management web application (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc.), Tested middleware for AWS-based & Azure-based VMs, plus Mac Stadium, Creating, updating, and running tests in Testrail, submit issues found during testing in JIRA, Extensive documentation of releases, test environment, and company terminology in Google Docs and Conﬂuence Previous Experience...
Authentic8, Mountain View & Redwood City, CA
(June 2015 - November 2022)
Senior QA Engineer
(July 2017 - October 2021)
Tested Windows and MacOS-based native browser client application and browser-based (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc.) web application,
Tested custom and third-party integrated browser extensions on Firefox and Chrome, Tested on VirtualBox, VMWare Workstation, and Azure-based VMs, Creating, updating, and running automated tests in Sikuli (written in Jython), some experience with Selenium, QA subject matter expert for SAML/SSO login authentication scenarios (ADFS, Duo, Okta, OneLogin, Ping, SSOE, etc.) QA Contract Engineer
(June 2015 - July 2017)
Tester for secure, cloud-based browser and platform-speciﬁc client applications, produced support docs, created and updated test cases,
Creating, updating, and running automated tests in Sikuli (written in Jython) Sportvision, Mountain View, CA & Fremont, CA
(July 2005 - April 2015)
Lead QA Engineer
Primary tester for broadcast Football software and effects, produced support docs, test cases, and quality requirements, Heavily involved in build and release management of various application and utility software, used Visual Build Pro, Jenkins, Python, and in-house tools, knowledgeable with Microsoft Visual Studio development environment and build issues
(dependency issues, enabling debug ﬁle generation, resource issues, static libraries vs. DLLs, etc.) primarily with C++ and .NET, Tested and supported various products and software for other sports-related data management (Baseball PitchFX, Motorsports RaceFX, and NFL TrackFX), data production (PitchFX), and effects (PitchFX and TrackFX). MISCELLANEOUS EXPERIENCE
Experience with JIRA, used Bugzilla and several in-house defect tracking systems. Experience with Testlink, Testrail, and some Zephyr (JIRA extension). Experience reading and modifying Javascript, Lua, and Python code. General programming knowledge of C, some C++ and C# (basic process ﬂow, operators, basic structures, etc.), Visual Studio development environments (through 2019), source code management and repository systems (Git, Subversion, CVS, Perforce, Source Depot, etc.). Familiar with Visual Basic scripting and and Python. Familiar with Unix-based interpreted scripting or shell languages (perl, sh, bash, csh, zsh) and AppleScript on the Macintosh. Proﬁcient in HTML/Javascript authoring (CSS, HTML, JQuery, XHTML), good working knowledge of WWW (http, ftp, news, etc.), able to implement a variety of cgi handlers (perl). Extensive knowledge of MediaWiki-based wikis and wiki markup, signiﬁcant knowledge of similar software such as Conﬂuence
(near WYSIWYG) and PMWiki (more basic wiki type).
Familiar with agile development scrum process including kanban. Knowledge of professional broadcast TV formats (analog, SDI, formats: 480i/p, 720p, 1080i/p, frame rates: 23.98hz, 29.97hz, 50hz, 59.94hz, etc.), and technologies (keying and keyers, RP-188 and time encoders, cross-converters, down- converters, up- converters, video capture cards, etc.).
EDUCATION
Intro to Visual Basic, Microsoft one-day course, SVC - Mountain View, CA Intro to Postscript (Basic Postscript Programming), Acquired Knowledge two-day course, La Jolla, CA Bachelor of Arts Degree in Psychology, University of California at Santa Cruz, CA Graduated with Honors in the Major and College Honors. REFERENCES: AVAILABLE ON REQUEST
Updated April 13, 2024.
Contact this candidate