Objective:
Professional Summary:
Professional Experience:
Darshana Patil Mob: 771-***-****
Software Test Engineer
E-mail: ad7hba@r.postjobfree.com
Address: B/201, Niwara Complex, Tilak Chowk, Kalyan 421301.
To achieve a challenging position in Software Testing in a result-oriented company, where acquired skills and education will be utilized towards continuous growth and advancement.
Total 5.5 years of experience in Software Testing and Quality Assurance.
Worked on Investment Banking Domain, Telecom Domain & Insurance Domain as Software Test Engineer.
Complete idea about SDLC, and Familiar with Software Testing Life Cycle.
Having experience on Automated Tool like Selenium.
Having good experience in creating test cases using Selenium WebDriver with Java.
Experience in Framework using Maven, JUnit and TestNG testing frameworks.
Experience in Automation Framework design & implementation using Selenium.
Good knowledge on Object Oriented Programming concepts and Java Programming.
Experience on Agile Scrum Methodology process in the project.
Prepared test scenarios and designed test cases and participated in test case review.
Executed test cases and reported defects.
Design the Traceability Matrix to map Business Requirements with prepared test cases.
Performed different types of testing like Functional Testing, Regression Testing, Retesting, Database Testing.
Execute the test case to meet customer requirement.
Excellent understanding of Defect Life Cycle.
Participate in scrum meeting to discuss about project progress report every day.
Expertise in defect tracking process using defect management tool Jira & TFS.
Very good knowledge of SQL and UNIX commands.
Academic Credentials:
Professional Project Details :
Worked as a Software Test Engineer at Cognizant, Pune from July 2018 to August 2021.
Worked as a Principal Engineer at Marsh McLennan, Mumbai from December 2021 to July 2023.
Internship at Unique Systems Private Limited, Pune as a Automation Tester Intern from December 2023 to May 2024.
Technical Skills:
Tools: JIRA, MS Sql Server, TFS, Selenium
Databases: SQL Server
Languages Known: SQL, Java
Operating System: Windows, Linux
Manual Testing: Test Case Design, Test Case Execution, Functional Testing, Sanity Testing, Regression Testing, Retesting, Defect Logging, DB Testing Automation Testing: Test Script Development, Programming Skills
Completed B.com from Achiever’s collage of Arts & Commerce, Kalyan in 2018.
#Project 1
Project Name: Equity Trade System
Domain: Investment Banking
Client: Wells Fargo Securities, San Francisco, California, United States Roles: Sanity testing, Functional testing, Regression testing, Database testing Description:
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC is a boutique investment bank that offers financial advisory services. It provides mergers and acquisitions, private placements, and debt and equity capital raising advisory services. Wells Fargo Securities, LLC operates as a subsidiary of EVEREN Capital Corporation.
Wells Fargo Securities delivers a comprehensive suite of banking, capital markets and advisory solutions, including a full complement of sales, trading. We provide institutional clients, alternative asset managers, and large corporations with a comprehensive approach to the sales, trading, structuring, and execution of a wide variety of financial market products, including bonds, equities, market-linked products, clearing services, and risk management.
Responsibilities:
Requirement Analysis: Analyzing the requirements and communicating with BA team for better understanding of the requirements
Identified End to End Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Test Data
Writing effective and optimized Test Cases using Black Box Testing techniques
Performing Functional Testing, Regression Testing
Identification of Defects, and logging them in HP ALM tool
Perform Database testing
Prepared Test Reports after completion of test execution.
Active participation in Daily Status Calls.
#Project 2
Project Name: Tele 2 Billing System
Domain: Telecom Billing
Client: Tele 2, Stockholm, Sweden
Roles: Functional Testing, Regression testing, Database testing Description:
Tele2 AB is a European telecommunications operator headquartered in the Kista Science City, Stockholm, Sweden. It is a major telephone operator in the Nordic and Baltic countries and an alternative provider in many others, with about 17 million customers in 8 countries. Tele2's most recent development has been to realign its geographic footprint towards Eastern Europe and the Nordic region focusing on own infrastructure based operations which provide higher growth options and possibly better margins for the future. One area of notable success has been the growth of the mobile Internet broadband connectivity. Tele2 has achieved the most success in Russian market, with a customer base increasing by the hundreds of thousands yearly.
Responsibilities:
Analyses Software Requirements Specifications Document
Preparation of Test Scenarios and Test cases
Conduct Test Case Review and send the review comments to teammates
Performed Database Testing at Application level
Prepared Requirement Traceability matrix
Interaction with development team in Defect fixing process and Regression testing.
Prepared Test reports after completion of test execution.
Test Execution and defect reporting in HP ALM tool
#Project 3
Project Name: Marsh Fusion
Domain: Insurance
Roles: Functional Testing, Regression testing, Database testing Description:
Marsh Fusion is the United Kingdom & Ireland based application for managing Insurance business. Quotes, Placements, Endorsements, MRC policy, Non MRC policy, BOR policy and Backload policy are Marsh Fusion’s policies.
Responsibilities:
Analyses Software Requirements Specifications Document
Preparation of Test Scenarios and Test cases
Conduct Test Case Review and send the review comments to teammates
Performed Database Testing at Application level
Prepared Test reports after completion of test execution
Test Execution in MTM and defect reporting in TFS
#Project 4
Project Name: iCargo
Domain: Insurance
Client: IXM, LDC, Global, ADM, Bunge
Roles: Functional Testing, Regression testing, Database testing iCargo is the Singapore based application for managing marine cargo insurance created in 2005. IXM, LDC, Global, ADM & Bunge are the clients of iCargo project. Cargo & Storage transactions, Claims are main parts of iCargo application. Brokers, Stakeholders, Clients, Insurer, Reinsurer, Loss adjusters are users of iCargo application. Responsibilities:
Personal Details :
Requirement Analysis: Analyzing the requirements and communicating with BA team for better understanding of the requirements
Identified End to End Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Test Data
Writing effective and optimized Test Cases using Black Box Testing techniques
Performing Functional Testing, Regression Testing
Active participation in Daily Status Calls
Defect reporting in Jira
Involved in helping the team members as and when needed
Involvement in the test execution result Analyzing and defect reporting Automation Tester Internship:
Understanding and Analyzing Test Requirements
Work on Automated Tool like Selenium
Create test cases using Selenium WebDriver with Java
Automation Framework design & implementation using Selenium
Documenting Test Cases based on Requirements
Performed Functionality Testing & Regression Testing
Good knowledge on Object Oriented Programming concepts and Java Programming DOB: 20th-Sept-1994
Gender: Female
Marital Status: Married
Language known: English, Hindi and Marathi.
Permanent Address: B/201, Niwara Complex, Tilak chowk, Kalyan, 421301 Declaration:
I hear by declare that the data furnished above by me are true to the best of my knowledge. Date:
Place: Mumbai Darshana S. Patil
Contact this candidate