Decisive and performance-driven professional with extensive experience in building high-performing and scalable applications to achieve business revenue. Well-versed in handling all phases of the development lifecycle from concept and design to testing and developing high-volume and low-latency applications. Skilled in identifying and analyzing user requirements, writing well-designed and efficient code, scheduling product releases, while managing Java / Java EE applications. Strong communication and problem-solving skills with ability to interact with multiple levels of the organization. Areas of expertise include: Java Microservices Multithreading Spring/Spring Boot Frameworks RESTful Services AWS Services: CI/CD Pipeline, AWS Lambda, S3, SES, SNS, SQS, EC2, Cloudwatch, EventBridge Apache Kafka Apache ActiveMQ Autoscale Load Balance Docker Kubernetes Elasticsearch Kibana Struts Framework Javascript, CSS, HTML, AJAX Maven Hibernate Opentelemetry APM Fluentbit MongoDB MySQL
Core Java Development Problem Solving Leadership Adaptability Client Service Application & System Development Resource Coordination Version Control Systems Process Improvement Vinculum Solutions (Pvt.) Ltd. 2018 to Present
Senior Software Engineer / Software Engineer / Software Trainee Spearhead the re-engineering of the legacy ERP Panel to Spring Boot microservice architecture to deliver enhanced SaaS application performance. Improve deployment efficiency with a POC implementation leveraging Docker and Kubernetes containerization technology for effective infrastructure management.
Built end-to-end efficient orchestrated Java applications with Spring framework to reduce post-launch hassles and optimize product delivery by 56% in the aftereffect workflows.
Fostered an agile development process by researching, creating, and managing containerized apps while conducting POCs leveraging S3, SES, SNS, and AWS Lambda for on-time project delivery.
Recognized annually as the best performer of the year by demonstrating strong development and completing tasks directly assigned by CTO to achieve predefined targets within assigned timeframes.
Boosted core-engine performance by 32% through ownership of multithreaded microservices for WMS, CMS, and POS to deliver responsive user experience and increase application efficiency.
Optimized system resilience by engineering highly available systems with fault tolerance below 12% to ensure near-instantaneous fault detection through distributed logs using ELK Stack and Kafka.
Achieved 73% reduction in deployment efforts and staff needs by leading migration from manual deployment to an automated system using AWS CI/CD Pipeline and Cloudwatch.
Effectively slashed order creation time from 7.88 seconds to under 1.30 seconds for primary client, Amazon by integrating Amazon EventBridge and Amazon SQS to enable real-time data processing.
Grew revenue by 2% over 6 months through preparing interactive dashboards with APM, Fluentbit, Elasticsearch, and Kibana to present before the Board of Directors to make informed decisions.
Guaranteed availability during integration with major marketplaces, including Walmart, Amazon, and Shopify through executing AWS Load Balancer and Autoscaling.
Efficiently designed interactive UIs through Struts framework using EJB, JMS, Servlets, JSP, jQuery, JavaScript, and Hibernate while enhancing application responsiveness by 38%.
Accomplished highest productivity by providing leadership to the development teams, mentoring junior engineers, and conducting knowledge transfer sessions in a professional manner. Bachelors of Technology, Computer Science, 2018
SIMRAN KAUR BHANDARI
Twinsburg, OH 44087 234-***-**** ad7hov@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate