Mayasa Al Juboori - Automation Engineer
Coppell,, TX 75019 502-***-**** ad7ipr@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
●6 years of IT experience. Automation Engineer and SDET software Developer Engineer in Test –for Web based applications.
●Experience in performing, designing and executing, Functional testing, Smoke testing, Regression testing, Back-End testing, Database testing.
●Experience with Java programming language, Eclipse IDE, IntelliJ IDE, Maven build automation tool, Selenium WebDriver automation testing tool, Selenium Grid used for parallel testing, JUnit and TestNG testing frameworks, Cucumber BDD, Jenkins automation server for running Smoke and Regression tests, Jira/Jira-XRay project management and bug tracking tool, Git/GitHub version control system, Postman tool for API testing, Rest API Representational State Transfer to test API, SQL Structured Query language, MySQL, JDBC Java Database Connectivity, HTML and JSON Reporting.
●Good knowledge of different phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) including Agile - Scrum Methodology (and actively participate all related meetings.
●Strong experience in preparing Test Plan, Test Strategy, Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Test Scripts based on User Requirements and System Requirements.
●Create automated script execution using Selenium WebDriver, Java and TestNG, Cucumber with JUnit, JDBC, Postman and REST Assured libraries in API testing.
●Extensively Worked on Creation of DDT - Data Driven Testing framework, BDD – Behavioral Driven Development Framework writing in Gherkin language using Cucumber, creating Senarios, Scenario Outlines, Feature Files, Step Definitions and generating Cucumber reports, as well as Page Object Model Framework (POM) by finding elements and creating reusable methods for each page.
●Strong foundation of knowledge in creating Manual and Automation Test Scripts and mentoring the team for implementation of test automation framework.
●Worked with SQL query executions in Database as a part of Backend Data Verifications, as well as API testing using REST services.
●Responsible for identifying, logging and tracking Defects/Bugs, Bug Reporting, Bug Tracking using JIRA-Xray and actively interacted with the development team to fix crucial bugs.
●Worked with Git and GitHub version control system. Experience in Jenkins for achieving Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment.
●Excellent analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills along with a good attitude for learning.
Technical Skills:

Languages:
Java, C#, C, JavaScript, HTML,SQL, MySQL, Gherkin
Tools:
Selenium WebDriver, Selenium Grid, Cucumber, JDBC, REST-Assured,
Hamcrest Matchers, TestNG, Junit, Postman,Mabl,Apache Directory (LDAP),Appium, Maven, Cypress,SSO/MFA,Confluence

Code Editor:
IntelliJ, Eclipse,VSCode, CI / CD: Jenkins
Framework:
Cucumber BDD, JUnit, TestNG, POM,
Data Driven Testing, Behavioral Driven Development,
Keyword Driven Testing

VERSION CONTROL:
Git / GitHub
PROJECT MANAGEMENT / BUG TRACKING:
Jira, Jira Xray
RDBMS:
Oracle, MySQL, SQL

Soft Skills:
●Team worker
●Critical thinking
●Problem-Solving
●Good Communication Skills
●Excellent communication Skills
●Knowledge sharing

Professional Experience:
QA/Software Development Engineering/ Identity Access Management Charles Schwab corporation Westlake, TX November 2021To February2024
●Collaborated with product owners to define acceptance criteria for each user story, ensuring clarity and alignment on expected outcomes.
●Developed automated test scripts, reusable components, and functions using Selenium WebDriver, which streamlined processes and improved efficiency of IAM implementation and maintenance.
●Oversaw testing authentication, authorization, and access control systems as well as designed test cases to ensure the security, reliability, and functionality of IAM.
●Created Workday data in compliance with testing requirements.
●Developed the automation framework based on the Page Object Model, behavior driver testing, and data-driven testing frameworks using Selenium Web Driver, JUnit, Cucumber, and Maven.
●Validated data in LDAP involving designing and implementing tests to ensure the accuracy, completeness, and integrity of the data stored in the LDAP directory.
●Created traceability matrix to map the defects with test cases and test cases to the requirement.
●Performed backbend testing using of Application programming Interface(API) using Postman and Rest Assured as well as Apache POI.
●Performed Functional, Regression, End to end, and Smoke Testing.
●Maintained code by using GIT for version control.
●Writing SQL Queries, SQL Scripts and performing Database testing in different RDBMS like Oracle and MySQL
●Configure, develop, and maintain the enterprise identity and access management Okta Technology solution and infrastructure.
●Collaborates in the design and implementation of the SSO/MFA best practices using modern authentication solutions.
●Partners with business and technical stakeholders in application onboarding to enable SSO/MFA controls on applications.
●Facilitates translation of business and operational needs to improve existing capabilities and define new authentication capabilities.

Automation Engineer Translantik McLean, VA JULY 2019To OCTOBER2021
●Work in Agile methodology, Scrum framework, participated in following meetings: Sprint Planning, Daily Stand Up, Demo, Retro and other meetings.
●Interact with Product Management, Developers, and Operations Teams to Plan Testing for delivery of products and assure products meet product requirements and quality standards.
●Maintaining and managing existing framework including smoke and regression suites.
●Writing Automation Scripts in Maven project build tool using Cucumber with Junit.
●Writing test Scenarios and Scenario Outlines in Cucumber Feature Files using Gherkin language and executed them with Java and Selenium.
●Performed Back-End Testing using JDBC (Java Database Connection) and automated test validation scripts for REST Web Services using REST Assured library and Postman.
●Implemented Page Object Model (POM) using Page Factory class.
●Using Git and GitHub as source code management tool.
●Using Jenkins to run the Regression test suite and Smoke tests and generated reports.
●Report and analyze issues and results, documenting accordingly in Jira Xray.
●Mentor new automation testers in different teams for better quality assurance.

QA AUTOMATION ENGINEER Decihire, McLean VA January 2018 TO JUNE 2019
●Work in Agile methodology, Scrum framework, participated in following meetings: Sprint Planning, Daily Stand Up, Demo, Retro and other meetings.
●Analyzed and studied requirements and documentation to Plan and Create Test Cases.
●Prepared and executed test scripts using Selenium WebDriver/Grid, Java, Cucumber, JDBC, TestNG.
●Writing test Senarios in Cucumber Feature Files using Gherkin language.
●Implemented Jenkins jobs to run the Regression test suite and Smoke tests and generated reports.
●Performed manual testing of the API layer using Postman.

QA MANUAL TESTER Decihire McLean VA APRIL 2017 To DECEMBER 2017
●Worked with Agile methodology, Scrum framework and participated all sprint related meetings.
●Analyzed Business Requirements, Technical Requirement documents, reviewed and analyzed system specifications and used them to create Manual Test Cases.
●Collaborated with QA Engineers to develop effective strategies and Test Plans.
●Executed Test Cases manually and analyzed results.
●Prepared Test Summary Report, Defect Report on daily basis during execution time using Jira.
●Interact with Developers and Business Analysts to perform various types of testing throughout STLC
.
Languages:
English – Arabic.

Education
Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Software Engineering
Al Mansour University College City, Baghdad
Contact this candidate