Swati Kamtar
Senior Software Engineer
San Francisco Bay Area, CA
+1-415-***-****
ad7jto@r.postjobfree.com github linkedIn

Technical Skills
Languages: Javascript/Typescript, HTML5, CSS/SASS, Java, Python, UML
Frameworks/Libraries: Angular, Node JS, React, Flask, Design Patterns, SQLAlchemy
Database: MySQL, Novice - NoSQL
API protocol: REST, GraphQL, SOAP, JSON, XML
Other: Github/Git, Docker, Agile methodologies, npm, Webpack

Work Experience

AT&T - Senior Software Engineer, San Ramon, CA June 2023 - Present
●Served as a Technical Advisor to the UX Design and Research team, leading Proof of Concept (POC) development to bring innovative designs to fruition.
●Conducted technical research and contributed expertise in Augmented Reality to enhance innovation programs.
●Collaborated with UX researchers, designers, and content strategists to provide technical expertise and feasibility analysis of backend systems during all project phases, including discovery, planning, conceptualization, and design, while engaging in architectural discussions to ensure alignment with business objectives.

AT&T - Sr. Specialist Software Engineer, San Ramon, CA Apr 2019 - May 2023
●Collaborated with a team of field researchers and UX designers in an Agile environment,
to translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code, resulting in substantial cost savings of about $500 million to-date for the company by preventing unnecessary truck rolls, and several efficiency improvements.
●Contributed to technical Proof of Concept using front end technologies like Angular JS, HTML5, CSS3, that focused to serve broadband customers by helping with troubleshooting, saving up to $5 million annually.
●Led the development of an internal Component Library, significantly reducing project development time.

AT&T - Specialist Applications Developer, San Ramon, CA Jan 2017 - Mar 2019
●Developed a user controlled listening agent to increase search speed for customer representatives, using Rasa Natural Language Processing tool, Web Speech API for speech recognition, and Node JS, while using Docker to containerize the app.
●Developed an improved Alexa weather skill for Amazon Echo using Alexa SDK for Node JS, and Artificial Intelligence tool, Dialog Flow.
●Worked on a marketplace for tech ops using React JS by developing custom components to accommodate elaborate forms.

AT&T - Software Developer Intern, Atlanta, GA June 2016 - Aug 2016
●Developed front end features for ‘Mobile Center of Excellence’ dashboard.
●Redesigned and developed a website using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and
Angular JS for a non profit organization which helps veterans overcome stress and PTSD.

Symphony Teleca - Associate Engineer, Bengaluru, India Sep 2012 - Nov 2013
●Developed a user interface using the javascript framework, Angular JS and
HTML5 for a web application that analyzes the point of sales data to prepare a report.
●Wrote functional tests for charts in a project displaying historical sales data.

Education
●Full Stack Web Developer Nanodegree - Udacity Feb 2018
●Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree - Udacity Jan 2016
●Master of Technology, Computer Science - PES College of Engineering, India Sep 2012
●Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science - PES College of Engineering, India Sep 2010
Contact this candidate