Academics:
B. Tech in Electrical and Electronics Engg.2011
Lingayas Institute of Management and Technology(LIMAT), Faridabad (MDU) - (72%)
12th Standard 2007
Summer Fields School, Delhi - (83%)
10th Standard 2007
Summer Fields School, Delhi - (86%)
Permanent Address:
19866 Century Boulevard
Apt# 303
Germantown
MD 20874

Career Summary
Software Engineer with almost 6 years of experience in Software Testing and Quality Assurance.
Exposures to AGILE SCRUM and waterfall model.
Proficient in software testing including creation of test scripts/cases and execution of test procedures, tracking of defect using various tools: JIRA, HP ALM.
Significant exposures in entire STLC concepts like Smoke Testing, Functional Testing, Regression Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing, UI Testing, Compatibility Testing and User Acceptance Testing.
Expertise in Bug Reporting, Tracking and Documentation using JIRA Dashboard- Bug Tracking Tool.

Career Path
Apr 2016-Sep 2017: Senior Associate QA Level 1, Sapient Consulting Private Limited
April 2014 – July 2016: Associate QA Level 2, Sapient Consulting Private Limited
Nov 2011 – March 2014: Systems Engineer, Infosys Ltd.

Professional Experience Summary
1.Michelin Tires
Dedicated to the improvement of sustainable mobility, Michelin designs, manufactures and sells tires for every type of vehicle, including airplanes, automobiles, bicycles, earthmovers, farm equipment, heavy-duty trucks and motorcycles. Michelin also offers a full range of innovative services and solutions that help make mobility safer, more efficient and more environmentally friendly.
Duration: Apr 2014 – May 2017
Domain: CMS
Tools / Technology: DAM, Zendesk, Sapient Result Space
Role:
LLP creation for self and individuals, QA plan for each testing phase which consist SOD and Test execution dates
Create and Review the QA artifacts- Test Strategy, High Level Scenarios, Low level scenarios
UAT and Cutover Deck preparation & active participation in client call
Knowledge Sharing Sessions to new joiners
Requirement analysis-Clarification calls with BA and Clients
Test Reporting (Test Execution status, Defect Status)
Mobile Redirects using user agent switch.
Creation of Sanity suite, Functional Test Cases for the BBB website.
Defect tracking and triaging for SIT environment.
Functional Testing, API testing, Analytics Testing, Cross browser testing and testing across multiple channels: Desktop, Mobile and Tablets
HTML and Visual testing
Integration testing
Content Migration testing
CMS testing : Interwoven teamsite
SEO Testing
Web Analytics testing : Webtrends, Google Analytics and Media Edge
GUI testing

2.Rogers
Rogers Wireless is a Canadian wireless telephone company headquartered in Toronto, providing service nationally throughout Canada. It is Canada’s largest wireless carrier, with 10.274 million subscribers.
Duration: June, 2017 – Sep, 2017
Domain: CMS
Tools / Technology: JIRA, Open Text Team Site, JSON Viewer/Postman,
Role:
Involved in test case planning and test case creation for Rogers website.
Functionality testing of DCT, DCR, Workflows
Sanity Testing, Regression Testing, CMS testing
Involved in the Sprint Planning Meetings, Review Meetings continuously with developers and modifying the Test Cases accordingly to test the new features.
Using JIRA to test stories and track defects.

3.Service Master
ServiceMaster is one company made up of many great brands, dedicated to simplifying and improving the quality of life for American customers. American Home Shield® founded the home warranty industry in 1971 and serves more homeowners than any other provider in the nation. The project started with the PM Release i.e. “Preventative Maintenance” which included all the installation part of the products maintained by AHS in the customer premises. The Second and the main release being the HW Release i.e. “Home Warranty” which included all the warranty related activities for the products already existing with the customer.
Duration: Jun 2013 –Mar 2014
Domain: Service
Tools / Technology: Siebel Application, ODI, Filezilla
Role:
Involved in test case planning and test case creation and review for SVM website.
Involved in Functional, GUI, Integration, Smoke, Sanity and Regression testing of SVM website.
Defects reporting and validation through bug reporting tools like JIRA.
Involved in running various interfaces through ODI(Oracle Data Integrator).
Involved in handling IVS Middleware(Oracle Fusion)
Basic Knowledge of SQL to access the staging tables.
Involved in weekly status reporting with onsite leads and official meetings.

4.Lexis Nexis
It’s a kind of Intermediate storage facility where the data can be stored. Different Neptune workflows can subscribe to it, either as a publisher or as a subscriber. The one’s which subscribe as publisher, their workflow output is stored in pub sub hub. And the workflows which subscribe as subscriber, they can get data from pub sub hub hub for the data for which they have subscribed for.
Duration: Apr 2013 –Jun 2013
Domain: Publishing
Tools / Technology: Beyond Compare
Role:

Executing scripts in Beyond Compare tool.
Reporting and correcting the differences.
Involved in weekly status reporting with onsite leads and official meetings.
Involved in giving various Knowledge Transfer sessions.

5.Elsevier R12 Oracle Solutions
Elsevier was upgrading their Oracle E-Business Suite software from 11i to R12, the opportunity was being taken to restructure the chart of accounts, projects and other structures, so the upgrade took the form of re-implementation.Duration: July, 2014 to April 2016
Domain: O2C, P2P, Reporting
Tools / Technology: QC
Role:

Understanding the Functional Specification Documents, as per the document creating and updating Test Cases. Involved in testing of new functionalities based on test cases.
Provided functional support for Oracle Apps based and Business Objects report testing across Order to Cash and Record to Report work streams.
Execution of R12 Reports.
Report data analysis restructuring.
Performed the Functional, GUI testing, Smoke, Sanity and Regression testing.
Reported the defects and validated defects through bug reporting tools like QC.
Involved in weekly status reporting with onsite leads and official meetings.
Understanding the customer requirements and tracking the requirement changes in the test cases to make sure that each of the requirements gets mapped to a test case(RTM)
Played the role of QC Anchor in the Team
Also handled the additional responsibility of updating the R12 testing team on defect trackers and blockers.
Client appreciation for R12 Reports testing and quality.

Industrial Training
Infosys Campus Connect Program in Nov 2011

Rewards and Recognitions
Was awarded with ‘Bravo Award for the Quarter’ for Outstanding Performance .
In Press-Gundeep Singh Bindra, Dhrupad Srivastava, Richa Seth “With attackers wearing many hats prevent your Identity Theft”, The 6th International Conference on Application of Information and Communication Technologies - AICT2012, Georgia, Tbilisi. Paper Id-58263
Was awarded “Star of Gurgaon” award in 2015 UCW Full Team Meeting

Declaration:
I hereby declare the above-furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge.

Richa Seth

Contact No: 703-***-****
Email: ad7jx0@r.postjobfree.com
Richa Seth
Senior Associate QA Level1
Contact this candidate