NARENDAR KUMAR GOWLIKAR
ad7jmc@r.postjobfree.com
+1-571-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
DevOps Engineer with around 9 years of IT experience as DevOps, Azure and Cloud Engineer.
Exposed to all aspects of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) such as Analysis, Planning, Developing, Testing and implementing and post-production analysis of the projects and methodologies such as Agile, SCRUM and waterfall
Experience with designing, building, and operating solutions using virtualization using private hybrid/public cloud technologies.
Experienced with CI/CD tools with Jenkins, Azure DevOps, Electric flow and Team city.
Exposure to Mesos, Marathon & Zookeeper cluster environment for application deployments & Docker containers.
Experience on analytics, designing and implementing complete end-to-end Hadoop Infrastructure including Pig, Hive, Sqoop, Oozie, Flume, Apache Spark, HBase, Kafka, Jenkins, Zookeeper, and Hue and enterprise scheduling tools Control-M and AUTOMIC (AROW)
Excellent understanding of Google Cloud platform like Compute engine, Cloud storage and Cloud Load balancing and other services of the GCP family
Exposure in writing Groovy and Ruby scripts for automation of build and infrastructure automation.
Expert in Spring Boot which is radically faster in building cloud Microservices and develop spring-based applications with very less configuration. Hands on experience on Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Hive, Spark.
Experience in writing Infrastructure as a code (IaC) in Terraform, Azure resource management.
Expertise in configuration and automation using Chef, Chef with Jenkins, Puppet, Ansible, Packer and Docker.
Experience in configuring and monitoring distributed and multi-platform servers using Chef, workstation to manage and configure nodes and developing Chef Cookbooks and Recipes.
Experience in configuring Docker Containers for Branching and deployed using Elastic Beanstalk.
Experience in designing, installing and implementing Ansible configuration management system for managing Web applications, Environments configuration Files, Users, Mount points and Packages.
Extensively worked on Jenkins and Hudson by installing, configuring and maintaining the purpose of Continuous Integration (CI) and for End-to-End automation for all build and deployments and in implementing CI/CD for database using Jenkins.
Hands-on experience Designing, planning and implementation for existing on premise applications to AZURE Cloud (ARM), Configured and deployed Azure Automation Scripts utilizing Azure stack Services and Utilities focusing on Automation.
Experience in using Elastic Search, Splunk, AppDynamics, Dynatrace, Nagios, IBM monitoring tools (TAM)
Extensive experience in Windows AZURE (IaaS) migrating like creating AZURE VMs, storage accounts, VHDs, storage pools, migrating on premise servers to AZURE and creating availability sets in AZURE.
Hands-on experience in deployment automation using Shell/Ruby scripting.
Experience in setting up Baselines, Branching, Merging and Automation Processes using Shell, Ruby, and PowerShell scripts.
Experience in using build utilities like Maven, Ant and Gradle for building of jar, war, and ear files.
Experience in using version controller tools SVN, Git, GitHub, and Bit Bucket.
Experienced with CI/CD tools with Jenkins, Azure DevOps, Electric flow and Team city.
Performed several types of testing like smoke, functional, system integration, white box, black box, gray box, positive, negative and regression testing.
Experience in Automation framework design and scripting using JUnit, Selenium Web Driver.
Experience in installing and configuring web application servers Tomcat, JBOSS, WebLogic, Web Sphere, and Nginx for application deployments for Linux, UNIX and Windows.
Experience in administering, installation, configuration, support and maintenance of Linux.
Experience in implementing hybrid cloud solutions Direct connect/VPN and Active directory.
Working knowledge in Virtualization Technologies vSphere, VMware, Virtual Box and Hyper-V.

Technical Skills:
Operating System Windows, UNIX, LINUX, Mac OS, RHEL 4/5/6/7
Versioning Tools Subversion, GIT Hub, GIT Lab, Bit bucket
CI Tools Jenkins, Bamboo, Hudson, azure devOps, electric flow
CD Tools Jenkins, azure devOps, electric flow
Build Tools ANT, MAVEN, Gradle, universal package
Bug Tracking Tools JIRA, Rally, Remedy, IBM Clear Quest
Scripting Languages Shell scripting, Python, Groovy and Ruby
Web Application servers Apache Tomcat, JBOSS, Web sphere, Nginx
Databases MySQL, Mongo DB, DynamoDB
Cloud Technology Azure, Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
Monitoring Tools Amazon Cloud Watch, Splunk, Nagios, Grafana
Configuration Management Tools Chef, Ansible
Containers Tools Docker, ECS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Elevance Health – Dallas, TX January 2023—Till Now
Senior Azure DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
•Deployed Azure IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and Cloud services (PaaS role instances) into secure VNets and subnets managed and optimize the CI (Continuous Integration) tools like Azure DevOps.
•Design tools for managing the infrastructure and program clean & reusable simple codes. Develop codes for extensive test coverage, performed continuous deployment in a professional software engineering environment.
•Work on various platforms with different programming languages and support the production cluster management system.
•Developed custom Integrations with Splunk and Amazon web services and Azure.
•Configure server images, optimize the task performance in correspondence with the engineers.
•Worked on end-to-end setup of the Artifactory pro as a Docker container with a secure private Docker registry and local Docker repositories for storing the built Docker images.
•Designed and implemented Continuous Integration (CI) using tools Azure DevOps over multiple environments to facilitate an agile development process which is automated and repeatable, enabling teams to safely deploy code many times a day while ensuring Azure Kubernetes Services (AKS) are supported teams across Cloud services to build technically accurate training that meets the learning objectives.
•Build relationships with Cloud Service teams to understand roadmaps and plan for content updates or new training offerings.
•Created CI/CD Pipelines in Azure DevOps environments by providing their dependencies and tasks.
•Worked on Active Directory (AD) Domain Consolidation. Service delivery of the Azure Active Directory and the Identity Management team within Microsoft cloud platform (O365 Identity, Azure etc.)
•Respond to changes in products/features by revising content at a rapid pace using agile methodologies.
•Used Azure Kubernetes service to deploy a managed Kubernetes cluster in Azure and created an AKS cluster in the Azure portal, with the Azure CLI, also used template driven deployment options such as Resource Manager templates and Terraform
•Managed Azure Infrastructure Azure Web Roles, Worker Roles, VM Role, Azure SQL, Azure Storage, Azure AD Licenses, Virtual Machine Backup and Recover from a Recovery Services Vault using Azure PowerShell and Azure Portal.
•Experienced in authoring pom.xml files, performing releases with Maven release plugins and managing artifacts in Maven internal repository.
•Written Groovy scripts to use multi branch pipeline projects in Jenkins to configure it as per client’s requirements.
•Experience in Monitoring server performance with tools like Nagios, Splunk, Dynatrace, Datadog, New Relic and resolved network related issues with manual commands and built Splunk Cluster environment with High Availability resources.
•Develop server-side applications and APIs using databases like MSSQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL.
•Configured VM's availability sets using AZURE portal to provide resiliency for IaaS based solution and scale sets using AZURE Resource Manager to manage network traffic.
•Experience in Private Cloud and Hybrid cloud configurations, patterns, and practices in Windows AZURE and SQL AZURE and in AZURE web and database deployments.
•Wrote Shell scripts to create the parameter files automatically for all the services in Azure Resource Manager
•Did pilot migration of Dev/Test workloads via lift & shift to Azure using Azure Site Recovery.
•Used ANT as build tool on Java projects for the development of build artifacts on source code.
Environment: Azure, Bitbucket, Git, Ant, Maven, uDeploy, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Nexus, Mongo dB, Couch DB, DB2, Nagios, Python, Tomcat, Shell, Ruby, Perl, Groovy, and JIRA, AngularJS.

State of New York (Department of Health) – Albany, NY Sep 2021 – Dec 2022
Senior Azure DevOps/SRE Engineer

Responsibilities:
Configured and deployed GIT repositories with branching, forks, tagging, merge requests and notifications.
Automated weekly releases with Maven scripting for compiling Java Code, debugging and placing Builds into Maven Repository.
Designed and setup CI/CD pipeline to deploy containerized applications in the cloud.
Involved in installing Jenkins on Linux environment and implemented a Master and Slave configuration to run multiple build operations in parallel.
Used Azure Kubernetes service to deploy a managed Kubernetes cluster in Azure and created an AKS cluster in the Azure portal, with the Azure CLI, also used template driven deployment options such as Resource Manager templates and Terraform
Written Templates for Azure Infrastructure as code using Terraform to build staging and production environments. Integrated Azure Log Analytics with Azure VMs for monitoring the log files, store them and track metrics and used Terraform as a tool, Managed different infrastructure resources Cloud, VMware, and Docker containers.
Design and develop automation to support continuous integration & continuous delivery (CI/CD) and processes, analyze client workflows, and determine the best solutions for a successful enterprise Cloud infrastructure.
Utilize automation tools such as Chef, Jenkins, Subject7, Selenium, Cucumber, SonarQube, Bitbucket/Git, Artifactory, Electric Flow (Electric Cloud), or similar tools.
Utilized ARM template building SQL Server with High-Availability for an application backend Infrastructure and Virtual Machine Scale sets for front end.
Created performance measurements to monitor resources across azure using Azure native monitoring tools utilizing ARM template.
Configured RBAC and Azure Monitor for adding security in Azure Cloud.
Assist with upgrading, installing, and configuring monitoring solutions for Azure for Windows and Linux servers.
Manage firewalls, VPNs, and remote access to servers, based on different user roles and access requirements.
Work in a DevOps capacity with a desire to automate all repetitive processes within Cloud environments.
Maintain end-to-end security ensuring best practices are always implemented.
Deployed Azure IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and Cloud services (PaaS role instances) into secure VNets and subnets.
Implemented Security in Web Applications using Azure and deployed Web Applications to Azure.
Experience setting up Azure Migrate and ASR servers using OVF templates in the On-premise vCenter host.
DevSecOps transformation using tools like Netsparker API, AppScan API, OWASP, OpenVAS, OpenSCAP, etc.
Provision and maintain all servers using configuration management tools, including Chef.
Managed SVN repositories for branching, merging and tagging and developing Shell/Groovy Scripts for automation purpose.
Supported VMware, specifically ESX VSphere 4 to monitor cluster performance, optimize the server environment, and diagnose and resolve production issues amongst 3 Data Centers and over 1900 servers.
Performed ESX Hosts and Virtual Machine migrations between Development, Integration, and Production environments and across Datacenters.
Established infrastructure and service monitoring using Prometheus and Grafana.
Working on Inbound and Outbound services with automation of Chef.
Experience in designing Azure Resource Manager (ARM) Template to deploy multiple resources and extensive experience in designing custom build steps using Power Shell.
Extensive experience in Windows AZURE (IaaS) migrating like creating AZURE VMs, storage accounts, VHDs, storage pools, migrating on premise servers to AZURE and creating availability sets in AZURE.
Working on Microservices for Continuous Delivery environment using Docker and Jenkins.
Worked on AKS (Azure Kubernetes), ACS (Azure Container services) and Azure Container Instance (ACI).
Experienced in migrating an On-premises Instances or Azure Classic Instances to Azure ARM Subscription with Azure Site Recovery.
Experience with configuration management tools like Terraform and package management tools like Packer.
Used Hashicorp Packer to create and manage the AMI's and automated whole AMI creation process using Jenkins jobs.
Built and managed a large deployment Ubuntu Linux instances system with Chef Automation.
Worked on Apache Mesos-Marathon for Resource Management
Setup AZURE Virtual Appliances (VMs) to meet security requirements as software-based appliance functions (firewall, WAN optimization and intrusion detections).
Created Docker container images by tagging and pushing the images and worked on the infrastructure using Docker containerization.
Configured VM's availability sets using AZURE portal to provide resiliency for IaaS based solution and scale sets using AZURE Resource Manager to manage network traffic.
Performed integration of Code Quality Analysis Techniques using SonarQube, OWASP Dependency Check and find bugs with CI tools.
Developed POC’s for migration from on-perm to Google Cloud environment and for the GCP services such as Google compute engine, BigQuery, BigTable, Cloud storage.
Used JIRA to track issues and Change Management. Also used Skype to communicate with teammates.
Launched Amazon EC2 Cloud Instances using Amazon Web Services (Linux/Ubuntu) and configuring launched instances with respect to specific applications.
Environment: Azure, Ansible, Docker, ECS, Kubernetes, Apache, Kinesis, .Net, XML, VPC, LAMP, Terraform, Puppet, Packer, Groovy, Python, CI CD, GITHUB, JIRA, MAVEN, Jenkins, Electric flow.

Sherwin Williams Company, Ohio Jan 2020 – Aug 2021
Azure DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Designed and setup CI/CD pipeline to deploy containerized applications in the cloud.
Involved in installing Jenkins on Linux environment and implemented a Master and Slave configuration to run multiple build operations in parallel.
Deployed and monitored Microservices using pivotal cloud foundry, also managed domains and routes with the cloud foundry. Worked in using Dockers Swarm and deployed spring boot applications.
Design an ELK system to monitor and search enterprise alerts. Installed, configured and managed the ELK Stack for Log management within EC2 / Elastic Load balancer for Elastic Search.
Developed Docker based infrastructure - Mesos, Kubernetes
Installed Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) on instances to manage the containers created by PCF.
Used Docker to virtualize deployment containers and push the code to instances cloud using PCF.
Used Jenkins as Continuous Integration tools to deploy the Spring Boot Microservices to Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) using build pack.
Prototype CI/CD system with GIT Lab on GKE utilizing Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment
Designed Kubernetes Architecture and Google Container Engine (GKE).
Manage and maintain databases such as MSSQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.
Used Kubernetes to deploy and manage containers (pods) on Google Container Engine (GKE).
Working on Inbound and Outbound services with automation of Chef.
Developed DevOps Scripts in Groovy to automate and collection analysis of Cassandra.
Worked on Microservices for Continuous Delivery environment using Docker and Jenkins.
Worked on Ansible for configuration management and infrastructure automation. Also created inventory in Ansible for automating continuous deployment and wrote playbooks using YAML scripting.
Installed Docker using Docker Toolbox and worked on creating the Docker containers and Docker consoles for managing the application life.
Worked with messaging queues like Kafka, RabbitMQ and enterprise scheduling tools like Control-M and AUTOMIC (AROW)
Developed a data pipeline using Kafka and Storm to store data into HDFS.
Expertise on real-time data ingestion using Spark Streaming, Kafka and NIFI
Built and managed a large deployment Ubuntu Linux instances system with Chef Automation.
Used Chef to manage Web Applications, Config Files, Database, Commands, Users, Mount Points and Packages. Working on real-time data ingestion using Spark Streaming, Kafka and NIFI.
Setup AZURE Virtual Appliances (VMs) to meet security requirements as software-based appliance functions (firewall, WAN optimization and intrusion detections).
Created Docker container images by tagging and pushing the images and worked on the infrastructure using Docker containerization.
Working with Terraform key features such as Infrastructure as code, Execution plans, Resource Graphs, Change Automation.
Configured the application to run on the datacenter using Terraform.
Hands on experience on Docker, Kubernetes and Spinnaker
Worked on Kubernetes to manage containerized applications using its nodes, ConfigMaps, selectors, services and deployed application containers as Pods.
Experience in deploying Kubernetes Cluster on Azure cloud with master/minion architecture and wrote many YAML files to create many services like pods, deployments, auto scaling, load balancers, labels, health checks, Namespaces, Config Map, etc.
Installed and configured Ansible and wrote some Ansible playbooks to create the Kubernetes cluster on VM's.
Used Ansible as the Configuration Management tool and written Ansible Playbooks to automate the process of creating the Master and Worker nodes in Kubernetes Environment.
Implemented logging solutions with Elastic search, Logstash & Kibana.
Implemented and maintained the monitoring and alerting of corporate servers/storage using AWS Cloud Watch, Nagios and New Relic.
Used Nagios for application and hardware resource monitoring and wrote new plugins in Nagios to monitor resources.
Environment: Ansible, Docker, Azure, ECS, Kubernetes, Apache, .Net, XML, VPC, Nagios, Groovy, NAT, LAMP, Terraform, Puppet, GKE, XL Deploy, CI CD, SVN, GITHUB, JIRA, MAVEN, Jenkins

Union Bank - Austin, TX Jan 2017 – Jan 2020
Azure Engineer

Responsibilities:
Developed and supported the Software Release Management and procedures.
Performed all necessary day-to-day GIT support for different projects. Implemented and maintained the branching and build and release strategies utilizing GIT.
Involved in installing Jenkins on Linux administration and implemented a Master and Slave Configuration to run multiple build operations in parallel.
Design data model and creating the schema on SQL Azure.
Experience in Custom Process design of Transformation via Azure Data Factory & Automation Pipelines.
Installed Docker using Docker toolbox and worked on creating the Docker container and Docker consoles for managing the application life.
Implemented VMware ESX server to provide multiple virtual hardware platforms while keeping hardware costs and energy consumption down.
Utilized Configuration Management Tool Chef & created Chef Cookbooks using recipes to automate system operations. Real time streaming of data using Spark with Kafka.
Developed different environments of different applications on Google cloud by provisioning Kubernetes clusters on GCE instances and GKE using Docker, Ruby/Bash, Python.
Extensively used Google stack driver for monitoring the logs of both GKE and GCP instances and configured alerts from Stack driver for some scenarios.
Used Docker to showcase the build Microservices to modularize design and isolate the development of containers.
Used Jenkins and pipelines which helped us drive all Microservices builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes.
Worked on Docker container snapshots, attaching to a container, managing containers, removing images and managing directory structures.
Worked with developing Chef Recipes using Terraform scripts to perform deployments onto application servers like Tomcat and Nginx.
Deployed Kubernetes Cluster on cloud/on-premises environments with master/minion architecture and wrote many YAML files to create many services like pods, deployments, auto scaling, load balancers, labels, health checks, Namespaces, Config Map, etc.
Written Terraform templates, Chef Cookbooks, recipes and pushed them onto Chef Server for configuring EC2 Instances.
Worked in Private Cloud and Hybrid cloud configurations, patterns, and practices in Windows AZURE and SQL AZURE and in AZURE web and database deployments.
Managed local deployments in Kubernetes, created local cluster and deployed application container.
Configured Elastic Load Balancers with EC2 Autoscaling groups.
Develop Linux shell scripts and SQL scripts to capture Vertica database performance with regard to CPU, memory, network traffic, disk usage, query runtime, node downtime.
Developed PowerShell Scripts for automation of the build and release process.
Involved in writing Shell scripts to automate tasks and application specific syncs/backups and other schedulers.
Wrote Python modules to view and connect the Apache Cassandra instance.
Environment: Java/J2ee, Subversion, Ant, Maven, Jenkins, GIT, SVN, Chef, cloud watch, terraform, XL Deploy, GCP, Python, Shell Scripting, Ruby, PUTTY, Confluence, SOA.

CVS – Providence, RI Dec 2015 – Jan 2017
DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Partner with architecture, cloud, server, middleware, and application teams to complete detailed technical design for Amazon Web Services implementation for the bank.
Implemented Amazon Web Services solutions to support both production and non-production workloads for the bank.
Implemented CI/CD pipeline via Jenkins Pipeline, Shared Library(Groovy), Job DSL
Developed and maintain automation and orchestration software and scripting to integrate with all underlying public and private cloud technologies.
Implemented domain name service (DNS) through Infoblox to have highly available and scalable applications.
Automated API test cases using RESTful API and Selenium running CI with Jenkins tool. Design and Implement automation scripts
Used security groups, network ACL's, internet gateways and route tables to ensure a secure zone for the organization in Azure public cloud.
Configuration management by using Ansible, Groovy and cloud in it.
Created NAT gateways and instances to allow communication from the private instances to the internet through bastion hosts.
Defined all server types in Ansible, so that a newly built server could be up and ready for production within 30 minutes OS installation.
Experience in automating the image build and test process using the tools like Packer, Jenkins.
Configured S3 buckets with various lifecycle policies to archive the infrequently accessed data to storage classes based on requirement.
Design and implemented 17a4 compliance archival solution for the bank to store the electronic records in WORM format.
Implemented fully automated server build, management, monitoring and deployment solutions spanning multiple platforms, tools and technologies.
Designed, implemented and maintained Continuous Integration (Jenkins) and Delivery environments.
Deployed and configured Git repositories with branching, tagging, and notifications.
Environment: Linux, Windows, Tomcat, JBoss, Jenkins, OpenShift, Kubernetes, Terraform, Ansible, Splunk, Qualys, Qradar, SiteScope, Docker, Groovy, Zerto, Packer, Glance, Inspec, GitHub, Version one, Vault.

Verizon –Irving, TX. Jan 2015 – Nov 2015 DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Created Customized AMI’s based on already existing AWS EC2 instances by using create image functionality.
Designed and Deployed AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto-scaling groups, AWS OpsWork etc.
Enabled Logging on S3 bucket access, VPC flow, CloudTrail, AWS Config, AWS inspector, Lambda, RDS, Dynamo DB, Cloud Front, AWS API Gateway, EC2 Application servers.
Setting up nexus repository server for strong build artifacts.
Setting up Jenkins pipeline for Application-specific infra code deployment.
Implemented ELB Auto Scaling groups in AWS on production EC2 instances to build Fault-Tolerant and Highly Available applications.
Created AMI’s to implement automatic deployments of application components and bootstrapping AWS EC2 Instances by passing user data to download files from S3.
Experienced in monitoring operational and performance metrics of AWS resources and web applications using cloud watch and Nagios.
Knowledge of setting up IAM Users/Roles/Groups/Policies and automated DB & App backups to S3 using AWS-CLI.
Managed and controlled the continuous release promotion cycle through automation including the following environments: development, QA, Performance, Pre-Production, and Production.
Developed deployment scripts on a life cycle automation platform for the orchestration, integration, and automation of Configuration promotions and software releases.
Implemented build stage to build the micro-service and push the Docker container image to the private Docker registry.
Worked on deployment automation of all the micro-services to pull the image from the private Docker registry and deploy to Docker swarm cluster using Ansible.
Environment: Linux, Windows, Tomcat, Nexus, Jenkins, Docker, Nagios, Ansible, and Git.

ECIL -HYD, India Dec 2012 – Sept 2013 Linux/Unix System Administrator

Responsibilities:
Installed, Configured and maintenance of Solaris 9/10/11, Red Hat Linux 4/5/6, SUSE 10.3, 11.1, HP-UX 11.x and IBM AIX operating systems.
Worked on configurations and installations Solaris and Linux servers using Custom Jump start and Kick start.
Installation, configuration, and upgrade of SUSE Linux 10/11/12, Red Hat Linux 5/6/7, Solaris 9/10/11 operating systems.
Developed, host, troubleshoot and maintain client websites using SUSE Linux.
Maintaining and Troubleshooting of FTP Server, Samba Server of the client.
Handling the day-to-day Operations, install software, apply patches, manage file systems, monitoring performance and troubleshoot alerts.
Installed and configured Veritas Volume Manager (VxVM), Disk and file system management through Veritas Volume Manager, Solaris Volume Manager and Solstice Disk Suite on Solaris and using Logical Volume Manager (LVM) for other flavors of UNIX.
Maintained 99.99% Uptime of LINUX production servers and follow proper escalation.
Managed Red hat Cluster, HPC environment etc.
Automated repetitive tasks deploy critical applications and manage change on several servers using Puppet.
Performed Built of Yum and RPM repository Server for Development team to upload packages, Written UNIX Shell scripts for monitoring & clean up old files.
Maintained virtual environments using VMware ESX 4.x Server and built various Linux servers on VMware servers.
Responsible to solve technical Problems related System administration (Linux of Our Clients).
Built & configured Redhat Linux systems over the network, implementing automated tasks through crontab, resolving tickets according to the priority basis.
Handled LVM related tasks, Creating, resizing LVM, Veritas Volume manager and managing Cluster environment using Veritas Cluster suite.
Handled the day-to-day Operations, Troubleshooting & Solving Server Problems in Linux.
Installed and configured Red Hat Linux locally or over the network-kick start - (NFS, FTP, HTTP).
Managed patches configuration, version control, service pack and reviews connectivity issues regarding security problems.
Environment: Centos 5.7/6, Red hat Linux 5.7/6, Ubuntu 10.04/10.10/11.10, Fedora 17, VMware, SAN (EMC, Hitachi), NAS (Netapp), BladeLogic, Veritas Volume Manager 4.1, Sun Enterprise Server (E2900, E4500, and E6900), Bash, Nagios.

Education:
Bachelors in Information Technology, JNTU
Masters in Computer Science, Virginia University
Contact this candidate