IRINA TRUSH Oracle Certified Senior Database Engineer / Senior PL/SQL Developer
Potomac, Maryland 20854 ad7jrq@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary
Professional Oracle DB Engineer/Developer with 20+ years of experience in design and development of technical software and GUI applications for leading U.S. private and government companies. Specializing in analysis, design, development, deployment, and maintenance of various complex client/server and web-enabled/database applications, utilizing the newest technologies such as: XML, JSON, SOAP/REST Web services, PL/SQL, ColdFusion, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PostgreSQL, T-SQL, Oracle DB, Oracle APEX 4x Experienced Oracle DB and ColdFusion Web Developer, and Software Engineer with solid expertise in database architecture and creation of complex database queries, packages, procedures, functions, and triggers, all of which involve using Oracle technologies, data manipulation, and modification. Public Trust, US citizen.

Technical Skills
Databases: Oracle 7.X, 8.X, 9i, 10g,11g, 12c, 19c, PostgreSQL 9.0, SQL Server 2008
Portal: OracleAS Portal 10g
Development Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, Transact-SQL, PL/pgSQL, ColdFusion, JavaScript, XML, HTML, CSS, PL/1, C
Development Environment: Oracle SQL*Plus, Oracle SQL Developer, TOAD for Oracle, APEX 4.x, DBeaver, Microsoft
SQL Server MS, Developer/2000, Forms 4.5, 5.0, 6i, 9i,10g and Reports 2.5, 6i, 9i, JDeveloper, 4.5 Macromedia Dreamweaver
MX, iReport 4.0.2, Oracle Collaboration Suite 10g
Testing: CA Mercury Quality Center
508 Accessibility Testing tools: AccVerify® 11
Change Management: CA Service Desk, JIRA
Version Control: PVCS, CA Harvest Change Manager, GIT

Education
M.S. degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics
National Technical University of Ukraine “Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute”, Kyiv, Ukraine

Certifications and Training
Oracle Database SQL Certified Associate. Oracle
Oracle APEX 19 : SQL, PL/SQL to Web Application Development Udemy, Online
Oracle Database Administration Workshop (12c, 18c, 19c). Udemy, Online
Oracle SQL Performance and Tuning Masterclass. Udemy, Online
Oracle 12c Advanced PL/SQL. Udemy, Online
Advanced ColdFusion Development, Fig Leaf Software, Washington, D.C.
Fast Track to JavaScript, Fig Leaf Software, Washington, D.C.
TOAD training, on site (DOL)
Java for Oracle Developers, Oracle Computer Training Center, Bethesda, MD
erwin Data Modeler training, onsite (DOL)

Experience

KMM Technologies/ SCI Group/ Leidos Rockville, MD
Sr. DB Engineer APR 2016 – NOV 2023
Supported National Cancer Institute’s (NIH) caDSR (metadata) project:
Created the process of data migration and verification from caDSR system to the new Software AG OneData system on Oracle 19c DB.
Primary responsible for testing, data verification and DB compliance with upgraded version of Oracle 12c.
Fully accountable for requirements gathering, design, code, and test of the new features and enhancements to backend of caDSR DB applications on Oracle 11g DB as backend.
Worked with System analyst and users to implement data strategies, build data flows and develop conceptual, logical and physical data model using TOAD.
Primarily responsible for database modeling and database object definitions. (Tables, Views, Indexes, PL/SQL stored procedures, packages, and database triggers, DB Jobs etc.)
Implementing developing procedures to enforce Data integrity and additional Referential Integrity.
Engineered design and functionality for XML generation process from CSV files.
Developed the automated process to call NCI thesaurus through REST web services and JSON, XML technology and load data to the caDSR DB for input data validation.
Writing and tuning complex SQL queries for performance and scalability.
Providing analysis, design, development, and testing of business applications’ back end
Verified data for missing values and incorrect data, and then organized and structured the data according to the required formats.
Utilizing Extraction Transformation and Loading (ETL) techniques using SQL, PL/SQL and SQL Loader for everyday tasks.

iControl Systems USA Bethesda, MD
Lead / Sr. DB Developer FEB 2014 – APR 2016
Led the redesign and redevelopment of legacy Maintenance Request automation System for Product price catalog and data exchange between multiple retailers and vendors. The system interacted with Web (Harmony), EDI and data exchange applications.
Primarily responsible for back-end development and database design, creation of database tables, complex SQL queries, T-SQL stored procedures, packages, and database triggers.
Verified data for missing values and incorrect data, and then organized and structured the data according to the required formats.
Created various database objects (tables, indexes, materialized views, stored procedures and triggers), and implemented referential integrity constraints for enforcing data integrity and business rules.
Optimized critical ETL processes, reducing execution time from 5 hours to 2 hours.
Additional duties included tasks analysis, data validation, and initial testing.

Astor & Sanders Corp. Rockville, MD
Lead / Sr. Software / Sr. DB Engineer OCT 2011 – JAN 2014
Supported the DOL (Department of Labor) Performance and Technology Office:
Duties included all requirements and responsibilities as Application Lead/Sr. Software Developer on the E-Grants Management System. The E-Grants System is a complex web-based solution that automates the entire grant lifecycle from submission of application to award, to grant closeout, and to financial reconciliation. The system is comprised of internal and external applications, where a ColdFusion MX application server builds the front end and an Oracle 11g DB the back end. The external systems EPS, NCFMS, and grants.gov are integrated through web services (SOAP) and XML technology.
Engineered the framework for back-end development and logical database design across E-Grants application, creation of database schemas and tables, complex PL/SQL stored procedures, packages, and database triggers.
Primarily responsible for the development of numerous ad-hoc reports to support ongoing users’ needs. Contributions included tasks analysis, writing complex SQL queries, and initial testing.
Designed and implemented APEX4.0 applications for data entry, reporting, and administrative tasks for Grants GTS Pre-Award System.
Accountable for usability structure and design confirmation according to Section 508 of disability systems access compliance and information security rules.
Provided technical and system expertise to other members of the development team.
Strived to provide outstanding customer service for all DOL internal and external clients.
Closely collaborated with Quality Assurance team and end users by developing use/test cases and test plans.
Participated in writing and maintaining program and system documentation.

MANILA Consulting Group, Inc. McLean, VA
Senior / Expert Developer OCT 2004 – SEP 2011
Supported the DOL (Department of Labor) Performance and Technology Office:
Managed the back-end development, logical and physical database design across E-Grants application, creation of database schemas and tables, complex PL/SQL stored procedures, packages, and database triggers.
Primarily responsible for the redesign, development, testing, and maintenance of a web-enabled PostgeSQL9.0 database the Job Corp Fund Allocation System application (JCFAS) which allowed running reports based on criteria selection, screens for data loading to DB from flat data files, upload different documents, and assigning them to various contracts.
Optimized a critical ETL process, reducing execution time from 8 hours to just 1 hour, resulting in faster data delivery to business stakeholders.
Led the maintenance of the Grant Tracking and Grant Electronic Management Systems which keeps track of the Grants GTS Pre-Award and Award Processes and provides the information of the actions that are taking place throughout the life of the grants.

Cherry Engineering Support Services, Inc.(CESSI) McLean, VA
Senior Developer DEC 1998 – SEP 2004
Supported the DOL Employment Training Administration Office (Department of Labor):
Led the development of a web-enabled Oracle database application The application replaced the old Job Corp Fund Allocation System, which was running in a legacy program called FILEPRO. Primarily responsible for back-end development logical and physical database design, creating UI forms and reports, DB Objects (tables, views stored procedures, functions, and triggers).
Participated in development of ColdFusion Web of Workforce Investment Act WAIVER System integrated the input screens with reports (Oracle Reports 6i), e-mail, and file processing functionality.
Designed, developed, and deployed Web/DB applications for the Disability Employment Grant Program. Created tables and indexes, created stored procedures and functions used in Web pages (templates) to handle SQL queries, data insert/update, and data validations, created JavaScript functions to implement client-side data validations, form fields formatting, and calculations. Designed login process and implemented security control by session management, and integrated input screens with Oracle Reports.

R.O.W. Sciences, Inc. Rockville, MD
Programmer/Analyst AUG 1997 – DEC 1998
Involved in migration of the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) Center for Veterinary Medicines Submission Tracking and Reporting System (STARS), from Forms 3.0 application to Windows 95 GUI using Developer/2000. The STARS was designed to track the submission, review, and approval of animal drugs process, as well as provide the ability to monitor the status of pending applications.
Participated in writing design documents using Designer/2000 and GUI prototyping.
Primarily responsible for the development of reports using Reports 2.5 and screens using Forms 4.5, and writing PL/SQL procedures, functions, and triggers.
Participated in development of the Trust and Fund Activities Electronic Automated System for Corporation of National Service, which could be used for enrollment process and providing educational awards and stipends to National Service Participants.
Contact this candidate