Meg Riley
781-***-**** ad7k47@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Experience
MITRE Corporation June 2019 – Present
Senior Software Engineer
oLed the development of web applications used by both members of the public and government employees to upload information relevant to investigations they were involved in.
oMaintained and modernized web applications for the government sponsor to allow for wider adoption within the agency
oHelped to develop: plugins for network security requirements, tools used for evaluating eCQMs, and new more portable rules engine that can be easily scaled for a variety of uses.
oIntegrated 3rd party testing tools into the build workflow for our Reference Implementation.
oAssisted in evaluating tools for radar development (both C++ and MATLAB based)
oDrafted training materials and evaluation guidelines for external partners.
oWorked on several different projects for the following stakeholders: MITRE Engineering Platform, Abacus FHIR, and Interop Rule
oPresented at the HL7 Connectathon about CI tools available to the reference implementations
Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics March 2009-June 2019
Senior Software Engineer
oWorked collaboratively with teams located throughout the US, Europe, and Asia.
oUsed C++ to develop and maintain test fixtures at supplier sites.
oHelped to develop and maintain an automated unit testing framework in multiple language
oWorked extensively to implement nightly builds and gated check-ins for our TFS environment.
oWorked to define and implement a platform wide update strategy for a new platform on Android
Software Engineer 1 & 2
oHelped to design and implement a new user interface for blood gas analyzers
oContributed to all phases of design and development of new releases, enhancements, maintenance builds and handling of customer issues on a continuous basis.
oUtilized C++ to close security holes in accordance with FDA guidance, including hard coded passwords, end point identification, and developed a solution to improve user experience.
oWorked in collaboration with the product security team for defining new requirements and handled external experimental software requests.
Skills
●C++, Java, Android, SQL, Node, TypeScript, GraphQL, Javascript, React, MATLAB, VUE
Education
Boston University May 2008
Bachelor of Arts in Physics
Contact this candidate