Anna Azrelyan
**** ***** ***** **., **** Prairie, MN 55344
952-***-****
ad7l4m@r.postjobfree.com

Objective
Highly motivated professional with passion for solving complex problems and research, seeking challenging position as a
Sr. Software Engineer / Web Developer
To contribute solution-oriented skills in architecture, design, development, troubleshooting and application support.

Qualifications
Possess 20+ years of software analysis, design, development, implementation, support and troubleshooting experience in Business, Logistics, Rebate Fulfillment, Retail, Production, Print Solution and Marketing, Operations and Health industries.
Motivated self-starter and creative problem-solver who is always looking for a better way to implement a problem.
Flexible, yet highly organized individual with proven ability to adapt and react quickly in high-pressure, fast-paced environment.
Strong team player with SDLC life-cycle project experience from concept to completion
Consistent and continual learner with strong communication skills: verbal, business writing, and listening.
Strong researching abilities using online resources and vendor forums or support.
Extensive knowledge and experience in developing best QA practices including test plans and test cases.
Strong experience in Full Software Development Life Cycle of Multi-tier / Multithreaded / Multiprocessing / Client-Server applications

Technical Summary
Languages: C, Progress 4GL V.7/8, Visual Basic, VB.NET, C#, T-SQL, ASP.NET, Java Script, jQuery, XML, HTML/CSS
Data Bases: Progress RDBMS, SQL Server, UNIX, LINUX, Windows NT/2000/XP/10, MS Office, .NET, Oracle SQL Developer,
& Platforms: ADO, DML, multi-tier solutions, DTS / SSIS packages, SoapUI, MoveIt, Coverity, SarePoint, ALM/PPM, Active Directory Management, Source control tools: Round Table, ClearCase /Visual Studio.NET, TFS,

Work Experience

November 2021 – November 2023 Gainwell Technologies, Denver, CO
.Net Senior Web Developer
Provided high level design expertise supporting development team efforts to produce flexible reusable app components. Analyzed, designed, coded, installed, tested and code reviewed of applications and suites of applications for Provider, Enrollment, Claims and Financials in Healthcare industry with C#, Oracle SQL Dev, Web Services, Soap UI, MVC, Entity framework, and Coverity.

Key Achievements:
Played an essential part in the big Waterfall/Agile remote team of brilliant .Net gurus developing complex application projects, improving sustainability and scalability of applications.
Developed, supported, and integrated Healthcare applications for Medicaid Provider, Enrollment, Claims and Financial Operations in InterChange system. Created Financial Cycle interface, to improve customer service and reduced data processing time.
Participated in troubleshooting efforts to eliminate a critical bug in the system, boosted application stability.
Documented many existing and new processes/procedures and created life cycle diagrams for business analysts and Dev team to increase onboarding process and multifunctioning of the team members.

April 2008 – May 2020 IWCO Direct, Chanhassen, MN
Sr. Software Engineer / Analyst
Design, develop, write, implement, test, and maintain .Net applications within all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle with C#, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, T-SQL, StimulSoft, XML, XSD, Clarizen, SSIS, SSRS, AJAX, and Web Services, Active Directory Management.

Key Achievements:
Worked in an Agile team of .NET developers for a fast-paced software development firm.
Increased efficiency: Created and supported software for Back-end reporting, Lettershop services, Postage Reporting, Piece Level Inventory, Postal optimization and logistics management processes, Direct Mail Production processes, WindowBook system and more.
Improved Customer experience and introduced innovation: Solely maintained and supported HandHeld application on IWCO Direct scanners in 4 different facilities. Worked with SOTI MobiControlDB for scanners. Prepared for the end of the Window Mobile Operation System and converted to the new system.
Implemented new process improvement: solely developed, converted, and maintained JobTicket production application in StimulSoft designer, tools for designing and viewing reports. Conducted several upgrades.
Managed and Conducted Window Book conversion from PervasiveDB to MS-SQL
Heavily involved in system study and database engineering such as creating databases, tables, Complex Stored Procedures, Views, Triggers and SQL Performance Tunning to aid better data manipulating and consistency.
Worked with business stakeholders, application developers, production teams and across functional production units to identify business needs and discuss solution options.
Tutored new developers of the team on technical infrastructure and applications. Give Cross Training to other developers on applications where I was an expert.

May 2007 – February 2008 C.H. Robinson, Eden Prairie, MN
Sr. Software Developer and support

Extensive support of WorkNet and SharePoint 2003 portal, administration of SharePoint portal and Windows SharePoint Services, applications development in VB.NET, ASP.NET in Visual Studio.NET 2003/2005, JavaScript, IIS, ADO.NET, .NET Framework.

Key Achievements:
Solely supported C.H.Robinson WorkNet environment. Responsible for configuring the client portal to their needs, training the users in SharePoint. Designed and created new Team and Portal sites for various business groups using .NET and Microsoft WebPart Technology that increased customer satisfaction by 37%.
Responsible for support, development and deployment of Web based AdminTool application for e-commerce group.
Successfully developed and implemented various web pages for user’s tests, surveys and order forms.

May 1998 – April 2007 Young America Corporation, Chanhassen, MN
Sr. Programmer / Analyst II

Developed numerous applications in PROGRESS, VB.6, VB.NET, T-SQL and C# in Round Table, Visual Studio.NET and ClearCase management environments. Created DTS/SSIS packages for data movement and database maintenance. Participated and provided instrumental contributions in all phases of software development lifecycle. Worked in multiple business areas including, but not limited to order entry, image capturing, order processing, finance, analytical reporting and outbound.

Key Achievements:
Successfully completed seamless migration of more than one hundred data-entry employees and contractors from character-based platforms into the GUI environment within very aggressive ten-month schedule, while working with Beta version 3rd-party application.
Designed and developed ETL processes and procedures using T-SQL, DTS and SSIS including upgrading DTS to SSIS.
Participated in the selection and subsequent integration of the 3rd-party Eyes & Hands application with the company’s internal system. Created solid scanning, image capturing and recognition software.
Eliminated the need for physical mail source storage, created digital image capture, research and retrieval system that increased efficiency of the Call Center Ops and speeded up Consumer Affair response time for better client and consumer’s satisfaction.
Analyzed and developed automated .NET solution to zip and archive high volume of daily scanned images, which minimized data store requirements and increased efficiency of the IT operations.
Developed and supported a variety of systems in all business areas, including decrease Inbound turn time from 11 to 4 days.
Selected employee from IT department to develop high profile project – Data Base Archiving, participated in system analysis, architecture, design, development, and system testing.
Y2K – worked on system test planning, detailed risk case description by area, test execution and final analysis.
Closely worked on integration of YA PAL system with new GFS platform, participate in identifying gap analysis, planning of new development, primarily involved in conversion of valuable clients from old Progress to new .NET platform.
Saved company’s money by designing and developing PFP concept based on accuracy and volume of keyed forms.
Primarily involved in developing of new scanning/image capture software to allow data entry, Load, FTP, and reporting for several overseas keying partners.
Promoted to Programmer-Analyst II (Level Two).

April 1997 – May 1998 In Home Health, Inc., Minnetonka, MN
Programmer / Analyst

Primarily worked on design, maintenance and development of Multiple Division Project and Hospice Project in Progress 4GL language and database system, researched, investigated, and resolved several software problems, closely involved in determining of user specification and on-going software support.

Key Achievements:
Learned new language Progress 4GL and started development in 1-week time period.
Primarily responsible for code development, unit, and application testing of multiple applications.
Involved in Data Base design for new projects.
Designed and maintain DBS Year 2000 Complaint.
Implemented several libraries that automated nurses and in home-attendance on-line scheduling.
Researched and analyzed areas that needs to be modified.
Participated in code review committee and maintenance activities.
Established strong working relationships with all team members, vendors, and users.

October 1993 – January 1995 Compomed Ltd., Kharkov, Ukraine
Junior Analyst / Programmer (Junior Scientific Specialist)

Environment: UNIX / C, relational DBMS, embedded SQL

Collaborated with creative team to design and produce computer-generated artwork for several medical institutions.
Participated in development and maintenance of computerized patient service system and medical personnel management system, was a part of the customer support team.

Key Achievements:
Solely responsible for the implementation of check-in/check-out and tardiness program
Closely explored and studied specifics of medical clinics and hospitals for comprehensive automated solutions
Recognized the need and fully implemented several applications, such as patient record report, appointment scheduling, library and statistics of therapy methods, patient record maintenance subsystem and other.

Education
1986 – 1990 Lyatoshinsky Institute of Arts, Kharkov, Ukraine
Bachelor of Arts in Music
1992 – 1994 Gorky State University, Kharkov, Ukraine
Computer Science
1996 – 1997 RMD Computer, Inc., Eden Prairie, MN
Training courses for professional computer programmers:
-Windows 95 / Visual Basic 4.0
-UNIX / C
June 1997 In Home Health, Inc., Minnetonka, MN
General PROGRESS training course:
-Version 8 – Advanced PROGRESS Programming techniques
February 2000 InterTech training, Eagan, MN
-Visual Basic 6.0 advance training course
May 2001 ReadSoft Inc., Chicago, IL
-Eyes & Hands business overview, software analysis and estimation
July 2001 ReadSoft Inc., San Diego, CA
-Eyes & Hands application hands-on training
2002 – 2007 Microsoft seminars - best practices for developing and deploying MS Solutions
-Visual Studio .NET
-ADO.NET
-SQL 2005 reporting tools
-Building Web Application Using ASP.NET
-Smart Client Windows Application
September 2005 Young America Corp., Chanhassen, MN
-Vassad / Centera - image archiving/storage Centera Box
-How to use Centera’s API
July 2007 New Horizon, Sioux Falls, SD
-Programming with Microsoft Visual Basic .NET
August 2007 InterTech, Eagan, MN
-Complete ASP.NET 2.0
Contact this candidate