Manoj Kumar Unnam
DevOps Engineer Piscataway, NJ, USA
ad7lxd@r.postjobfree.com mailto:sireeshap.dev@gmail.com640-229-4384 linkedin.com/in/manojunnam

Professional Summary:
Over 13+ years of experience in the IT industry as a DevOps Engineer, with excellent experience in software development, configuration, build automation and release process. Perform the DevOps roles and responsibilities to stage/rollover the artifacts from Dev, QA, UAT and PROD environments.
Experience working on source code repository management tools like GIT and Subversion (SVN).
Created the New Repository configuration for Subversion and Git Repositories. Upgrading the Environments from lower version to newer versions.
Migrated the source code repository from SVN to Git.
Knowledge on various AWS Services like Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2), IAM, S3, Route 53, VPC, Cloud Watch and Cloud Formation.
Writing the AWS LAMBDA Functions to achieve the Server less application configuration using python and java source code ( using Amazon SQS, SNS, Event Bridge and Amazon aurora database).
Experience to implement the Git-Lab CI/CD YAML pipelines for build automation, testing, Docker image creation and Deployment to Kubernetes clusters.
Have the Strong knowledge on github, github actions and Butbucket cloud version control repositories.
Good experience in build automation using Cruise control, jenkins and gitlab CI/CD tools.
Experience in configuring and maintaining Jenkins pipelines to implement the CI/CD process and using Shared Library’s to support Dev, Shared and Production Pipelines to support the agile software development methodologies.
Experience in implementing a Continuous Delivery framework using Jenkins, Maven, Ant and Artifactory for both Linux and Windows environments.
Very good work experience on High availability, scalability and security environments to support zero down time environment. Handone knowedge to upgrade the Blue/Green model deployment and model for Kubernetes clusters.
Hands-on experience with Terraform and Ansible.
Experienced in Apache Tomcat, IIS, Jetty, WebLogic and Jboss Application server deployments. Automated Continuous deployments to these applications server using CI/CD Tools.
Proficient in development the Java, C#, C++ and Python applications development on Both windows and LInux. Automated the Build tasks and Branch creation tasks using Shell scripts and python scripts.
Experience in Jenkins and Gitlab CI to perform Nightly builds, targeted builds and custom build support.
Used Jenkins as Continuous Integration tool: creating new jobs, managing required plug-ins, build trigger, build system and post build actions, scheduled automation builds.
Good understanding of the principles and best practices of Software Configuration Management (SCM) in agile methodologies to support the CI/CD Process.
Experience in Installation, Configuration and Administration of RedHat Enterprise Linux 4.x/5.x/6.x, Sun Solaris, CentOS 5/6 and Windows.
Expertise in monitoring and logging tools such as Cloud watch, Grafana, Splunk and Data Dog.
Created the Build scripts for Java based application compilation using Apache ant, Maven and Gradle Build tools.
Expertise writing the Visual Studio compilation and build tasks for C#, .Net, VC++ and C applications.
Writing Make files, build.xml, Shell scripts, POM.xml and power shell scripts files for build automaton.
Handy experience in MySQL and Oracle Databases installation and on-premise applications configurations for Upgrading and Database backup and re-stored the previous data or dump files importing tasks.
Expertise in writing Groovy pipeline scripts to generate Dynamic Parameters for the Build process.
Experience in using tools like JIRA for ticketing, integrating JIRA into Splunk Enterprise and Bug Reporting for product through JIRA.
Experience to play JIRA admin role, implement the Bug, task, Sub-task and Story work flow creation.
Implementing the powershell scripts to automate the build process and debugging the build failure and creating the build failure alerts to respective dev team’s and managers.
Working on Compilation of Microservices which is build on C# and .net core development technologies.
Supporting to Site Reliaibility team to deploy the lamb westron application on Azure Kubernetes service.
Creating the YAML/power shell script automation to create the docker images to deploy the micro services to Azure cloud.

Education:
Bachelors in Information Technology from JNTUA University, India – 2010

Technical Skills:

AWS Cloud Services
IAM, EC2, S3, VPC, Route53, Cloud Watch, ECS, EKS, Cloud Formation and RDS.
Cloud Technologies
AWS and Azure (micro services)
SCM/VersionControlTools
GIT, GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket and Subversion
CI/CD Tools
Jenkins, Hudson, GitHub Actions, GitLab pipelines and Azure DevOps
Configuration Tools
Ansible and Terraform.
Containerization Tools
Docker and Kubernetes( AKS & EKS)
Monitoring Tools
Cloud Watch and Splunk
Build Tools
Maven, ANT, Gradle, MS Build and Make files
Bug Tracking Tools
Jiraand Work flow implementation
Scripting Languages
Bash, Python, JavaScript, Shell Scripting, YAML, ANT and PowerShell.
Database
Oracle, MySQL, Dyanamo DB and SQL Server.
Languages
C++, VC++, Java, C# and .Net Core.
Platforms
Azure, Linux (Red Hat 4.x, 5.x, 6.x,7.x), AWS, Cent OS and Windows

Professional Experience:

Client: Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc, Washington June 2024 to Till date
Role: DevOps Engineer

Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc., is an American food processing company that is one of the world's largest producers and processors of frozen French fries, waffle fries, and other frozen potato products. It is headquartered in Eagle, Idaho, a suburb of Boise.

Responsibilities:
Working as DevOps implementation engineer to deploy the Java based developed micro services to Amazon Web Services cloud with auto scaling and ZDT environment.
Implementing the GitLab pipelines to support CI/CD for Dev Team and Production env.
Using Terraform to create the AWS infrastructure for Lamb Weston product.
Working as a GitLab version control admin to creating the branches and User access. Creating Merge Request doe DEV, QA and PROD environment upgrades.
Configure the Build and Release Management Process using CI/CD Pipelines and Effectively communicating to Dev team and QA Team, to finalize the release timeline process.
Creating the docker images and stored in to the JFrog ArtiFactory for Accessing the Amazon Kubernetes service to download and run the deployment to cluster.
Writing the YAML scripts to create the CI/CD Pipelines.
Implementing the powershell scripts to automate the build process and debugging the build failure and creating the build failure alerts to respective dev team’s and managers.
Working on Compilation of Microservices which is build on C# and .net core development technologies.
Supporting to Site Reliaibility team to deploy the lamb westron application on Azure Kubernetes service.
Creating the YAML/power shell script automation to create the docker images to deploy the micro services to Azure cloud.
Configuring the Grafana monitoring tool for validating and sending the Email alerts on AWS Infrastructure monitoring.
Working on Java and .net (C#) micro service applications source code compilation and creating the docker containers for deploying.
Having the java, C++ and c# languages development exp is helpful to handle the source code compilation issues.

Client: Oracle Aug 2020 to May 2024
Role: DevOps/SRE Engineer

Oracle Corporation is an American multinational computer technology company headquartered in Austin, Texas. In 2020, Oracle was the third-largest software company in the world by revenue and market capitalization. In 2023, the company’s seat in Forbes Global 2000 was 80. The company sells database software (particularly the Oracle Database) and cloud computing.

Responsibilities:
Worked on Configuration, SCM, Build/Release Management, and Infrastructure as a Code (IAC) and as GitLab Pipelines operations production and cross platform environments.
Designed and deployed Kubernetes clusters on Oracle cloud, ensuring scalability, reliability, and performance.
Managed and optimized cluster resources on Oracle Cloud, including compute, storage, and networking, to meet business requirements and performance objectives.
Implemented monitoring and alerting solutions using Oracle resource Monitor, Log Analytics, and Datadog to proactively identify and mitigate issues.
Developed automation scripts in Python and Bash to streamline operational tasks and ensure consistent deployments.
Wrote Templates for Oracle Cloud Infrastructure as code using Terraform to build staging and production environments.
Managed different infrastructure resources Cloud, VMware, and Docker containers.
Managed Kubernetes charts using Helm, Created reproducible builds of the Kubernetes applications, managed Kubernetes manifest files and managed releases of Helm packages.
Built and managed a highly available monitoring infrastructure to monitor different application servers like WebLogic servers.
Wrote Ansible handlers with multiple tasks to trigger multiple handlers and to decouple handlers from their names, making it easier to share handlers among Playbooks and Roles.
Worked with Shell Scripting (sh, bash, csh, ksh), scripting and support in impact polices and enrichment.
Managed escalated support tickets till closure for MS Azure PaaS platform.
Used Jira as defect tracking system and configure various workflows, customizations, and plugins for Jira bug/issue tracker integrated Jenkins with Jira, GitHub.
Migrating the product environment to AWS Cloud to Oracle Cloud, supporting the multi cloud deployment architecture.
Implement the Jenkins CI/CD pipelines to support the On premise user build and packaging the opera V5 java product.
Writing the GitLab YAML CI/CD pipelines to create the docker images and deploying the micro services to kubernetes cluster environment.
Implementing the powershell scripts to automate the build process and debugging the build failure and creating the build failure alerts to respective dev team’s and managers.
Working on Compilation of Microservices which is build on C# and .net core development technologies.
Supporting to Site Reliaibility team to deploy the lamb westron application on Azure Kubernetes service.
Creating the YAML/power shell script automation to create the docker images to deploy the micro services to Azure cloud.
Working on Java and .net (C#) micro service applications source code compilation and creating the docker containers for deploying.
Having the java,C++ and c# languages development exp is helpful to handle the source code compilation issues.

Environment: Oracle Cloud, OKE, OCI Container Registry, Groovy, Python, XML, Shell Scripting, PowerShell, JFrog Artifactory, Artstore, Jenkins, Terraform, Maven, Ansible, Git, GitHub, Docker, Kubernetes, WebLogic, Windows Server, TFS, VSTS, LDAP,C++,C# (.net), Java and Jira

Client: Agiliance India Pvt Ltd, INDIA Nov 2014 to Aug 2020
Role: Build & Release/Site Reliability Engineer

Agiliance is a leading provider of enterprise Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) solutions. The Agiliance GRC solution enables organizations to manage their IT and operational risks more effectively, while reducing the cost of meeting compliance mandates. Agiliance RiskVisionTM is a fully integrated suite of GRC solutions, delivered on a purpose-built GRC technology platform. Global Fortune 5000 companies leverage Agiliance’s award-winning technologies to address increasingly stringent GRC requirements and complex security threats. The Agiliance Risk Vision platform offers an agile, modular approach to deploying GRC so that customers can meet mounting requirements.

Responsibilities:
Worked on the Amazon IAM service to control user addition, resource management for various users, and rights granting.
Implemented and maintained monitoring, alerting, and log management solutions using Splunk, enhancing system visibility, and enabling proactive incident detection and resolution.
Leveraged AWS services to design, deploy, and manage scalable, secure, and highly available cloud-based infrastructures, ensuring optimal performance and reliability.
Managed and optimized PostgreSQL and ORACLE SQL databases, implementing backup, replication, and recovery strategies to ensure data integrity, availability, and resilience.
Developed and maintained microservices-based applications using Spring Boot, Java, and other modern technologies, collaborating with development teams to streamline deployment and monitoring processes.
Implemented Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Terraform and Ansible to automate provisioning, configuration, and management of cloud resources and infrastructure.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to implement SRE best practices, conduct post-incident reviews, and drive continuous improvement initiatives to enhance system stability, performance, and resilience.
Practical knowledge of setting up the AWS network architecture with VPC, Subnets, Internet gateways, NAT gateways, and Route tables.
Using Ansible playbooks and AWS services including EC2, S3, Route53, CloudWatch, Lambda, and CDK, managed live applications.
Used Gitlab for version control and to run and deploy CI/CD pipelines.
Extensively worked on CI/CD pipeline for code deployment by engaging tools like Gitlab, Jenkins and Code Pipeline. Developed code to automate the stages in pipeline in lab and prod environments.
Worked on automating the scripts and developing the code to improve efficient usage of resources and performance.
Spearheaded the migration of on-premises big data applications to AWS EMR, ensuring minimal downtime.
Developed Python code extensively to automate various applications across teams and improve the client output formatting and options handling.
Responsible for the building and deploying the artifacts into DEV, QA, UAT and PROD Environments.
Worked on multiple Web Scale deployments implementing ansible plays and shell scripts in different regions and worked on Bastion containers.
Working on Java and .net (C#) micro service applications source code compilation and creating the docker containers for deploying.
Having the java and c# languages development exp is helpful to handle the source code compilation issues.
Worked on JIRA to keep track of the tasks progress and to document the updates on the work accomplished.
Utilized JavaScript and CSS to fix software issues. Knowledge of applying BATS and Junit to create test cases.
Set up security groups and AWS Identity Access Management (IAM) in the public and private subnets of the VPC.
Installed, set up, and maintained monitoring tools like New Relic, Splunk, Dynatrace and Grafana to track the performance of various apps and evaluate their efficiency and load distribution.
Configured alarms in CloudWatch service for tracking the CPU Utilization, server’s performance, disk usage.
Used Ansible Playbooks to set up Continuous Delivery Pipeline. Deployed micro services, including provisioning AWS environments using Ansible Playbooks.
Automated the provisioning and configuration of cloud-based environments with configuration management tools and implemented Infrastructure as Code using CloudFormation and Terraform.
Wrote Groovy, and shell Scripts to automate the build process and administration jobs.
Designed and implemented CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins and GitLab CI/CD, resulting in a 30% reduction in deployment times.
Managed and optimized MongoDB database clusters for performance, reliability, and scalability.
Implemented backup and disaster recovery strategies for MongoDB databases to ensure data integrity and availability
Managed and maintained Kubernetes clusters for container orchestration, ensuring high availability and scalability.
Developed custom Golang tools to automate routine operational tasks, improving team efficiency.
Collaborated with the development team to optimize application performance, achieving a 40% reduction in response times.
Implemented infrastructure as code (IaC) using Terraform, reducing provisioning time and ensuring consistency across environments.
Configured and maintained monitoring and alerting systems, including Prometheus, to ensure system health and availability.
Working on Java and .net (C#) micro service applications source code compilation and creating the docker containers for deploying.
Having the java and c# languages development exp is helpful to handle the source code compilation issues.

Environment:Amazon Cloud Services (AWS), Jenkins, Ansible, AWS-Code Build, AWS -EC2, SNS, SWF, Elastic-Search, VPC, AWS IAM, CDN, Scripts, Route53, SQS, Elasticache, AWS Route53,API- Gateway,CMMI,AWSCloudWatch,Elastic Load Balancers, S3, Java, Jenkins,GIT, Terraform, Kubernetes, Splunk, C# and Grafana.

Client: EiQ Networks, India July 2013 to Nov 2014
Role: Build & Release/AWS Cloud Engineer

EiQ, a pioneer in hybrid security as a service, is transforming how mid-market organizations build enterprise-class security programs. Acting as an extension of our customers’ IT teams, EiQ provides continuous security operations based on best-of-breed technology at a fraction of the cost of alternate solutions. EiQ is a trusted advisor to organizations that need to improve their IT security and compliance posture and protect against cyber threats and vulnerabilities.

Responsibilities:
Developed and maintained Cloud Formation scripts automated the provisioning of AWS resources (IAM, EC2, S3, SNS, RDS, ELB and Auto Scaling) and installed workstations.
Generated build tasks to enable continuous automated builds while querying the GitHub source control system is how the Continuous Delivery pipeline is implemented.
Build the entire company’s Infrastructure and played a vital role in building the Architecture of the project.
Worked on creating server-less Micro services by integrating AWS Lambda, S3/Cloud watch/API Gateway.
Worked extensively on AWS resources like EC2 Instances, AMI’s, Load Balancers, target groups, Auto Scaling Groups, IAM, Volumes, S3 repositories, Snapshot, Key pairs, Security groups, Elastic IP’s Elastic Container Service, elastic Cache, RDS, VPC, Cloud Front, X-Ray, cloud watch, Dynamo DB, Route 53, Cloud Trail, Elastic Bean stack, cloud formation, Artifact, cloud search, elastic search service, SQS, SNS, SES, Amazon Certificate manager.
With all my extensive experience on AWS had a good practical implementation on control over AWS Billing.
Created S3 buckets and managed policies using IAM roles for S3 buckets and used S3 bucket for storing data.
Managing IAM accounts (with MFA) and IAM policies to meet security audit & compliance requirements.
Provisioning the AWS EC2 servers by assigning the EBS volumes, auto scaling groups, load balancers, security groups in the defined VPC.
Analysed and resolved conflicts related to merge of source code for GIT.
Worked on creation of custom Docker container images, tagging and pushing the images and Docker consoles for managing the application life cycle.
Maintained Docker container clusters managed by Kubernetes, utilized Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime
Created repositories according the structure required with branches, tags and trunks.
Worked with client to provide and revoke access to relevant environments for different teams.
Planned and implemented disaster recovery solutions, capacity planning, data archiving, backup/recovery
Set up cluster environment for load balancing and high availability of Windows and Linux servers.
Worked on deployment procedures using middleware like Web sphere, creating deploy scripts and setting for the Production release.
Worked with scrum and development team in overseeing bug tracking, test prioritization, test automation and releases.
Improved team performance and accelerated release cycle accelerate delivery of new features and increase overall product qualities.
Automated setup of web server in different environments by triggering single Jenkins build.
Used Jira as ticketing and workflow management tool, used Confluence and Share Point for documentation.
Managed IAM roles, policy, security groups and network configuration in AWS for deployed app in AWS EC2.

Environment:Amazon Cloud Services (AWS), Ansible, AWS-Code Build, Kubernetes, AWS-EC2, SNS, SWF, Elastic-Search, VPC, AWS IAM, CDN, Scripts, AWS Route53, SQS, Elasticache, Git, AWS Route53, API- Gateway, CMMI, AWS Cloud Watch, Elastic Load Balancers, S3, Java, Jenkins, GIT.

Client: KnoahSoft, India Oct 2010 to May 2013
Role: Build & Release Engineer

KnoahSoft is an innovative provider of VoIP-based call recording, agent performance management and analytic tools for enterprise and SMB contact centers. Our solutions protect organizations from the liability of "he/said, she/said" scenarios, provides data protection and security, and equips contact center professionals with the tools to improve their operational performance and deliver better customer service to their customers. Today our solutions are used in leading financial, telecommunications, government, BPO and healthcare enterprises and call center organizations throughout the world. KnoahSoft is privately held, profitable and headquartered in Henderson, Nevada with dedicated professionals located around the world.

Responsibilities:
Involved in versioning the source code, releasing binary files, creating and applying labels on source files and release file.
Traced complex build problems, release issues and environment issues in a multi component environment.
Analysed and resolved complication and deployment errors related to code branching development, merging and building of source code.
Managed Linux staging and testing environments and automated application packaging and deployments.
Worked on implementation of a Puppet based configuration management system for Linux machines (physical and virtual), set up and maintained automated build & deploy systems using Puppet and Chef.
Involved in editing the existing Ant/Maven files in case of errors or changes in the project requirements.
Connected continuous integration system with GIT version control repository and continually build as the check-in’s come from the developer.
Used different version controls like GIT and Bitbucket to manage code and managed users and different plugins to automate the build and deployment process using Jenkins.
Worked with Build Management tools like Maven for writing build.xml to Pom.xml.
Managed the Maven Repository using Nexus tool and used the same to share the snapshots and releases of internal projects.
Automated Linux production server’s setup using Puppet scripts.
Documented release, builds and source control processes and plans.
Created multiple Python scripts for various application-level tasks.
Built Nagios monitors for new services being deployed.
Worked with Oracle Database Admin to keep all the specified tables as assigned by developments in sync for every release
Used Oracle to connect to various databases and to check for the invalid objects after and before each release.
Built and maintained SQL scripts and execute different scripts for different environments.
Created Instances in Apache Webserver and JBOSS Application server in QA and Production environments
Documented the SCM process and policies of the company and recommended some process changes.
Worked with scrum and development team in overseeing bug tracking, test prioritization, test automation and releases.
Designed VMware vSphere storage configuration using SAN, ISCSI, and NFS.
Worked on Fibre Channel switches and familiar with all storage protocols.
Worked on installation, configuration and deployment of VMware products such as VMware Workstation, VMware converter, VMware View, VCB and more in virtual environment.

Environment: Jenkins, Maven, Ant, Git, Bitbucket, Puppet, Chef, Nagios, Nexus, Python, Apache Tomcat, JBoss, VMware, vSphere, Linux
Contact this candidate