Sowjanya Kilari
ad7mzb@r.postjobfree.com
316-***-****

Recruiter Summary:
Sowjanya K is a React Developer with 6+ years of experience in Full Stack Web Developer and has also performed role as a Senior Software Engineer with 6+ years of experience with a unique blend of technical skills and software Methodologies.
Experience working with JavaScript ES6+ features and advanced React techniques including functional components, hooks, state management, and context API.
Familiarity with modern frontend development tools such as npm for package management and Angular CLI for project scaffolding and development.
Good experience in developing server-side JavaScript frameworks using Node JS (Express JS) to build event driven, non-blocking i/o model web applications.
Experience working on UI testing with Karma, Jasmine, Protractor for AngularJS, Mocha and Chai for ReactJS and BackboneJS.
Demonstrates a keen interest in UI design and optimizing user experience, with a strong understanding of visual design systems and information hierarchy.

Professional Summary:
Experienced as a Full Stack Web Developer and has also performed role as a Senior Software Engineer with 6+ years of experience with a unique blend of technical skills and software Methodologies.
In-depth experience of JavaScript, CSS, HTML and front-end languages.
Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software.
Good working experience in React.
experience of REACT tools including React.js, Webpack, Redux.
Strong experience in all the phases of software development life cycle including requirements gathering, analysis, design, implementation, deployment, and support.
Good understanding of Data Structures, Algorithms and Object-Oriented design concepts.
Knowledge on Front end UI development skills using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular, Bootstrap, AJAX.
Experience in ReactJS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Flux concepts.
Good Experience in React.js for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, and React Native concepts.
Code Coverage Analysis Adept in back-end development of application design from requirement analysis to system study, designing, coding testing, de-bugging, documentation and implementation.
Implemented the Spring Microservices based on RESTful API utilizing Spring Boot with Spring MVC.
Extensively worked with different operating systems like Windows, UNIX, and LINUX.
Excellent analytical, logical, and programming skills, Self-Motivated, Self-Starter, Team Player can work with minimal supervision with effective Communication skills and Time management skills.
Experienced in working with Redux architecture using complex Object-Oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites.
Understanding and implementation experience of Model-View-Controller frameworks using webpack and Node.
Experience on Continuous delivery / Continuous Integration (CD/CI) tools Docker, Jenkins to deploy this application to AWS along with GIT for Version Control of code for incremental development.
Good experience in developing server-side JavaScript frameworks using Node JS (Express JS) to build event driven, non-blocking i/o model web applications.
Experience working on UI testing with Karma, Jasmine, Protractor for AngularJS, Mocha and Chai for ReactJS and BackboneJS.
Implemented latest React features such as React Context API, React Hooks, Stateless Functional Components, Error Boundaries and middleware such as Redux Saga.
Familiarity with modern frontend development tools such as npm for package management and Angular CLI for project scaffolding and development.
Experience with Unit Testing and Accessibility Testing using tools like jasmine and karma.
Implement performance tests using Cypress to ensure the application meets performance benchmarks.
Work closely with web developers, backend engineers, and other stakeholders to integrate frontend components with backend APIs, ensuring seamless data flow and functionality.
Expert user of Google Analytics (GA) including technical implementation of GA using Google Tag Manger.
Used Git for revision control and code management. Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the ongoing project status and issues.

Key Skills:
Operating System: Unix/Linux, Windows and Mac
Packages: MS Office
Web Components: XML, J-Query, JSON, HTML, CSS, XHTML, JavaScript, Angular, React
Databases: MongoDB, DB2, MySQL
Development Tools: Sublime Text and Visual Studio
Programming Languages: Java, JavaScript, Basic C
IDE, HTML Editor: Sublime, Visual Studio, Eclipse IDE, Notepad++
Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall
Frameworks: Spring, Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, Spring Security, Spring Batch, Hibernate
Web Services: SOAP and REST
Testing: Unit Testing, E2E Testing.
Other Tools: Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, CI/CD, TDD

Education:
Masters in Computer Science, Jan 2022 – May 2023
Wichita State University, Wichita, KS
Bachelor of Technology: Computer Science and Engineering
PBR Visvodaya Institute of Technology &Science, Class of 2018

Certifications:
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner

Professional Experience:

Verizon – Irving,Tx
Role : ReactJS Developer
May 2024 – Present
Responsibilities:

Roles And Responsibilities:
Involved in the development of client websites which involves React and Java
Handled the UI development backlogs along with development.
Created responsive web pages and updated the UI content based on screen resolutions.
Created custom reusable components that are used throughout the website. Implemented validation using validation controls and JavaScript client slide validation.
Performs Unit testing with JASMINE and develops web services using RESTful APIs.
Used GitLab for project hosting using Git.
procedures, Triggers, SQL query tuning, and user-defined functions creation for SQL server
Technologies Used: React, JavaScript, Java, Azure, Agile, Restful API, Git, Jest, JIRA.

Kia Motors – SanJose, CA
Role: Frontend Developer
Sep 2022 – May 2024
Responsibilities:
Involved in Agile – Sprint methodologies to do requirements gathering, analysis and planning.
Involved in Requirements gathering, analysis, design and documentation as the application had started from scratch.
Using Restful Webservices to create paths for CRUD operations and using them to manipulate the data and display them in the UI using ReactJS.
Involved in developing micro front-end fragments and handled them to optimize the page speed and increase the user experience.
Developed the custom components, templates and modified the existing templates using Sightly templating language.
Modularizing the component script to facilitate reusability of the code.
Employed in the development of the RESTFUL Content delivery framework.
Designed the front-end applications, user interactive web pages using technologies like React, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and MongoDB.
Created Responsive Web Pages using Bootstrap and Media queries to support various screen resolutions.
Used AJAX calls to send requests to the server to check the functionality of the website and Integration of TypeScript to the whole project.
Used ReactJS in the development of the web application to bind the data/model that is being retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view and used state management to update dynamically.
Demonstrated proficiency in building server-rendered and statically-generated web applications using Next.js.
Created custom directives for reusable components (directives for browser controls like right click, browser close, and lock screen while transition, multifield form elements, background file uploads, etc.).
Worked on the backend to create API’s for a webpage in Spring MVC framework and integrated it to the frontend.
Integrate state management using Redux, and employ thunks to handle asynchronous actions.
Integrate the RESTful APIs using Node.js.
Enhanced web application performance through server-side rendering (SSR) capabilities of Next.js.
Actively involved in adding the portal to the customer for application and implemented it’s build process using web-pack and node.js server from backend to UI
Used NextJS for templating faster compilation and developing reusable components.
Conducted unit and end-to-end testing to ensure application reliability and performance.
Used GitHub for project hosting using Git.
Technologies Used: AEM6.1, React, React-native, Redux, JavaScript, Node.js, Restful Web Services, Typescript, HTML5,NEXT.JS CSS3, Bootstrap, DOM, JSON, Jasmine, JIRA, GIT.

Project : Hyppr
Sep 2020 – Dec 2021
Role : ReactJS Developer
Diksha Technologies – India
Responsibilities:
Involved in the development of UI pages using HTML5, CSS3, React JS, Bootstrap and Type Script.
Strong proficiency in TypeScript for static typing and improving code quality in our project.
Coordinate with co-developers and keeps project manager well informed of the status of development effort and serves as liaison between development staff and project manager.
Leverage TypeScript to add static typing to React components, props, and state.
Define and use TypeScript interfaces and types for better code readability and maintainability.
Used Bootstrap CSS to make the UI look good and easily navigable to the customer.
Handing over the user stories to system test once developed and supporting with the system test by fixing bugs if any and getting user stories closed in time before iteration ends.
To Support deployments, by creating folder structures and property files that are required for the application.
Designed DOM based interactive to reprogram selected links and adopted WCAG 2.0 standards for HTML and XHTML and W3C standards for CSS as well.
Attending User story review sessions and adding development tasks for each User story with number of man hours required.
Consumed multiple Restful web services, SOAP to get the data from different application sources and updated the business logic to bundle data and implemented data validations
Upgrade and redesigned user interface using cutting edge technologies like HTML5, SaSS/CSS3, JavaScript, ReactJS and improved performance.
Used various ReactJs modules like react-ui-router, react-ui-bootstrap.
Created Single Page Application using reactJs controllers, directives and configure the routes to navigate to different views.
Used Rally tool for agile process to create development tasks, creating tickets etc.
Implemented form directives and performed client-side validation on user input via two-way binding.
Integrated the Restful API calls which are given from backend and made necessary changes in payload and in the API calls.
Used Google Analytics(GA) and Google Tag Manager(GTM) to Enhanced search engine optimization of landing pages and search results.
Actively involved in adding the portal to the customer for application and implemented it’s build process using web-pack and node.js server from backend to UI.
Implemented user authentication and authorization functionalities using Node.js frameworks like JWT.
Provided insight for popular Keyword utilization and Optimized website with keyword Meta tags
Written all the unit test cases with jasmine and karma when the component or directive is written with it necessary business logic.
Developed middleware components in Node.js for request/response processing, logging, and error handling.
Exceptionally valuable experience in Git and source tree.
Implemented stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.

Technologies Used:
React, Java Script, Type Script, Node JS, Azure, Agile, Restful API, Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Git, Source Tree.
Project: Inlokality
Dec 2019 – Aug 2020
Role : ReactJS Developer
IndiaNIC Infotech Ltd Pvt – India
Responsibilities:
Involved in creating various reusable Helper and Utility classes which are used across all the modules of the application.
Responsible for developing the UI pages using React, HTML5, CSS3, Type Script, and Material UI.
Skillful in defining interfaces, types, and utilizing generics to enhance code readability and maintainability.
Responsible to style look and feel of the application web page using various Material UI components like Drawer, Tabs, Data Table, Charts etc.
Used various Angular custom directives and developed reusable components and templates that can be re-used at various places in the application.
Adhere to IT Control Policies throughout design, development and testing and incorporate Corporate Architectural Standards into application design specifications.
Implemented accordion grid for data binding from multiple channels, adding filtering and sorting to the table to improve user capabilities to refine the data.
Experienced working in a highly collaborative agile development environment with frequently changing requirements and features. On top of the scrum process, attending daily stand up and completion of tasks during the sprint.
Used React flux to polish the data and for single directional flow. And Write unit test cases to test all the developed features.
Added user validations and user permissions by using Node.js and utilized Node.js for server hosting.
Identify and remediate security/risk items which may cause vulnerabilities in the application, thorough understanding of various security and audit-related scans to make sure applications are up to date with industry standards.
Assisted stability, scalability performance and cross-browser issues of the application on demand.
Performed lead activities like code reviews using crucible, splitting/assigning the backlog tasks and mentoring team members.
Meeting with the development team to discuss user interface idea and applications.
Technologies Used: React, HTML5, CSS3, Type Script, and Material UI, Bootstrap, Node JS, AWS.

Project: Feedback
May 2018 - Dec 2019
Role : Web Developer
IndiaNIC Infotech Ltd Pvt – India
Responsibilities:
Developing and implementing highly-responsive user interface components using React concepts.
Using Redux and implementing functionalities.
Monitoring and improving front-end performance.
Participated in the entire life cycle (Software Development Life Cycle) of the project right from the initial requirements gathering to the implementation.
Worked with Cloud technologies like Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Involved in Daily scrum and coordinate with development team, Scrum master, Senior management to refine requirements to address issues and involved in daily scrum to discuss the design and work progress.
Built RESTful Web Services using HTTP methods explicitly (GET, POST,PUT, and DELETE).
Developed a persistence layer using Hibernate and integrated it with spring.
Documenting application changes and developing updates.
Interacted with the back-end staff and scrum master at the daily meeting for new features in this web project using agile software development methodology.
Maintained constant communication with Business Analyst and Business.
Employ simple design and pragmatic implementation techniques to drive business value. Pair program with team members to build high-quality solutions.
Used GITHUB to maintain the version of the files and took the responsibility to do the code merges from branch to trunk and create new branches when new feature implementation starts.
Implement performance optimizations in our application, leveraging features like lazy loading, tree shaking, and RxJS operators for efficient data processing and rendering.
Contribute, review, and provide feedback to the technical code documentation. Implement back-end components of an n-tier application, including data model, data access objects, and application logic.
Share knowledge with other team members to progress their technical and professional skills.
Be open and actively seeking learning opportunities from more senior team members. Utilize a strong understanding of object-oriented programming.
Skilled in reactive programming principles and implementation using RxJS, enabling efficient handling of asynchronous data streams and event-based communication in our applications.
Participate in the full delivery (designing, developing, coding, testing, debugging, and documenting) of applications to satisfy business requirements.
Used Rally tool for agile process to create development tasks, creating tickets etc.
Updating the development tasks with hours burned and attending Scrum calls to update the status.
Developed and designed a flow in the knowledge flow plugin for training data mining model with four different AI algorithms.
Implemented form directives and performed client-side validation on user input via two-way binding.
Technologies Used: HTML, JavaScript, Transcript, CSS, Angular, HTML5, SDLC-RAD, NodeJS, AWS.
Contact this candidate