Husmitha
Silva
October **** – October ****
October 2022 - Present
HCL Sri Lanka PVT LTD. Colombo
CONTACT
EDUCATION
PROFILE
WORK EXPERIENCE
ad7mfx@r.postjobfree.com
077*******
**/**/*, ****siri Garden,
Dehiwala
Projects
Bachelor of science IT
(software engineering)
3.10 GPA
SLIIT, Malabe
E-Commerce System
Agripreneurs Final Year Research
Created Full Stack mobile
Application to motivate individuals
to gain more profit in their bare
lands. It was implemented using
react Native library and python
Django framework along with
MongoDB.
In addition, Deploy to Heroku cloud
platform. Used Gitlab for version
control management. Step by Step
we contribute to the system and we
reported documnets. we were able
to deliver working app to
individuals.
Created E-commerce mobile App for
fashions field. Experienced with
Azure DevOps for operational
environments. I Implemented CRUD
operation for Users, products.
I have Experienced React native
technologies. We google it and as a
team we dicuss what need to be
done and how. We were able to
create fully functioning app and We
able to get a good results for the
project
Software Engineer intern/ Black Vault
Technologies PVT LTD, Colombo
Currently Working as, a Software Engineer in a very famous IT company called HCL - Sri Lankan branch.
Trained with Java Spring framework and SQL database with famous and
efficient clients
Our main client is Disney where we manage and maintain their IT infrastructure and solve issues related to IT Incident service now.
I am a software engineer who is smart, professional and self- motivated with technical abilities.
I am indeed creative and passionate about taking challenges and stepping out from my comfort zone. In addition, I am ready to fulfill your requirements and willing to contribute my level best for the growth of the company.
Backend Developer
SOFTWARE ENGINEER
SKILLS
Front End Development - ReactJS, React native, Javascript, TailwindUI, Bootstrap, HTML, CSS,
Back End - Node JS, Java, Django, Express, Spring Boot Database - MongoDB, SQL
Soft skills - Efficient Team Player, Public Speaker, Leadership Skills
Others - AWS, Linux, CI/CD, Docker
https://www.linkedin.com/in/hus
mitha- silva-076ab519b/
Theater Management System
Biology and IT stream - 2 Credits 1
simple Pass.
Learning Management System
High school - Mahanama College
Biology
August 2017
Created LMS for Eye clink hospital
students to manage their inter
hospital studies. Experienced with
Laravel framework and SQL DB. I
Implemented Inventories CRUD
operations. Experienced in Trello
bords. Experienced Github for
Versional Control. Our team
members has their own functions
and we integrated the app together.
Students would able to study
because of our system.
Created a Full stack MERN project
for Theaters owners and guests. I
have worked on creating external
website creation for a particular
owner. Created CRUD operation for
Company owners and guests. JWT
logins and UI for the whole app.
Connected to atlas Mongodb cloud
platform as a
Database. Usinging agile
methodology we done it.
b
e
s
t
o
Kramp – Created solutions for Kramp Agriculture industries by implementing Quiz Application.
I created Nodejs API for all crud operation for users, countries, prices. and Used MongoDb and Redis in
memory DB. The project was managed by the Trello
Boards. We followed agile process and we seperately did our functions and integrated them. I made sure to give access to the users, irrespective of the country and also for the admins to make prices.
Tuskr – It is a gym equipment selling platform. I
experienced Developing CRUD functionalities for users, products, inventory, payments along with mongoDB
database with MERN stack.
As a team member we communicated and we searched
google more and separately we did our functionalities. We used Gitlab for version control and collaboration. We made use of Trello board for management of the project. I made sure that the possible users could do their functionalities on their own.
EXTRA
CURRICULUM
ACTIVITIES
Reference
Member of Junior band,
Mahanama
College (Melodica Player).
Member of Mahanama
College Karate Association
(Orange belt).
Active Member of SLIIT
Software Engineering
Community.
Active Member of
Panadura Toastmasters
Club
Successfully completed a
speech craft program
Ms. Sanjeevi Chandrasiri Nelum Chathuranga
Senior Lecturer
Department of Information
Assistant Lecturer
Faculty of Computing
SLIIT Malabe, Sri Lanka
Phone:
Email :
071***-****
ad7mfx@r.postjobfree.com
Technology
SLIIT Malabe, Sri Lanka.
Phone:
Email :
077*******
ad7mfx@r.postjobfree.com
I worked as a developer intern for international
projects. I have dealt with google cloud systems
and servers with JavaScript background.
I have worked with many projects. Kramp was the
main project which was from Netherland to build
a quiz Application.
Finance and Tuskr were some other projects
which I have worked.
PROJECTS
October 2022 - Present
Freelance - various clients.
I have done several outsourcing project in MERN stack for various clients. ECommerce Apps, Research projects are some of them.
Contact this candidate