BinduPriya Veldandi Email: ad7mk5@r.postjobfree.com

Cell: +974-********, 70929235
WhatsApp: +91-703*******
RP Number: 289********

CAREER OBJECTIVE:
To achieve a challenging position and abilities in the reputed organization where my knowledge and experience can be utilized to benefit the organization as well as to enhance my personal and professional skill set.

Experience Summary:

Having 6.9 years of overall experience in Manual and Automation (Selenium) testing and Application development, Production Support, analysis and implementation in Billing tool (ORACLE BRM),CRM Application of Telecom Domain.
Worked as onsite coordinator for Vodafone Qatar project with team Size of 9 by managing the daily testing activities for offshore test teams.
Having 3 years’ experience in BRM tools - configuring price plan, discount configurations, creating different customers, attaching Msisdn, Services, Billing, Invoicing using Flist with opcodes.
Well experienced in BRM Customer Center, Pricing center, Developer Center, subscription Management.
Experience in Customizing BRM opcodes.
Good experience in testing web Application (QVXP), desktop application (QV), Oracle BRM and CRM Applications.
Work experience in test case preparation, hosting test case review meeting, test case execution.
Well Acquainted with all the phases of SDLC and STLC and Agile Methodology.
Expertise in Understanding and analyzing the test requirements, tracking changes and maintenance of test requirements.
Work Experience on Mobile Application testing.
Manual testing: Smoke, Unit, Functional, Integration, System, Sanity, E2E UAT levels of testing.
Automation: Around 1 year of hands on experience in Automation testing using selenium Web driver with core java and TestNG framework.
Hands on experience on MAVEN build tool, Rally, JIRA, SOAP UI, HP ALM tools.
Work experience in SQL to create and extract the test data and experience on Putty, Win-Scp tool to communicate with back end.
Hand on experience on TOAD and SQL Developer.
Has good interpersonal skills and demonstrated ability to work as team member as well as independently, professional demeanor and a fast learner of new technologies, willing to take up responsibilities.
Analytical and able to adapt to new environments and learn new technologies quickly.

Employment History

Company
Designation
Duration
Tech Mahindra Ltd, Pune
Software engineer
29-Apr-2011 – 25-July-2014
Prokarma Ltd, Hyderabad
Senior Software Test engineer
27-Aug- 2014-30- April-2017
Wipro, Qatar
Software test engineer
December 2021-Sept 30 2022

Education Profile:

Name of
Examination
Board
Institution
percentage
Year of
passing

B-Tech(ECE)

JNTU
RRS College of Engg & Tech, Affiliated to JNTU, Andhra Pradesh.

74.6

2010

Intermediate
Board of Intermediate
Education
Sree Chaitanya Junior Kalasala, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh.

94

2006
SSC (10)
SSC
Vikas High School, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh.
83.3
2004

Technical Summary

SKILLS
TOOLS
Operating System
Windows 10
Telecom Billing Support System
Oracle BRM 7.4.1, Siebel CRM

Testing Skills and tools
Manual Testing, Automation testing(Selenium webdriver) JIRA,
RALLY, Putty, HP quality center, JMeter, load runner, eclipse, soap UI, Siebel Application
Database
Oracle SQL server
Programming Language
Core Java, C#.Net,Asp.Net.

JOB PROFILE
Current Job Profile:
1.Wipro External Contractor, Qatar.
Total duration 9 Months.
Designation: Software Test Engineer.
Domain: Telecom (BSS)

Project Title
Vodafone Qatar
Duration
9 Months
Operating systems
Windows 10,
Technology
Manual testing
Tools
HP Quality Center, Rally. JIRA,SOAP UI, Sql Developer, Siebel Application.
Location
Doha, Qatar

Project Description
Vodafone Qatar is one of the wireless operators in Qatar, presently VFQA running on BSS stack which comprises of Siebel CRM, Oracle BRM, Oracle Fusion Middleware and Oracle ASAP. Infrastructure is missing few key components which are impacting core business process from scalability, availability and performance.
Role: E2E tester and onsite co-ordinator

Responsibilities:
Provided project leadership and mentoring for the resources assigned through all testing phases to Production.
Facilitated use of standard testing documentation, test planning strategies and defect management tools including the successful implementation of Quality Center corporate-wide.
Reviewed testing execution and ensured project testing deadlines and milestones were met utilizing various reporting on Quality Center. Prepared Dashboard Reports and produced QA reporting decks for project stakeholders.
Communicated with Project Managers, Systems Architects, Systems Analyst, DBA's and Software Engineers to gather requirements for testing and develop estimates for testing execution.
Developed testing plan/schedule and maintain test matrix based on development completions and project timelines
Managed and coordinated with the offshore team for completion of project tasks
Preparing Test Stratergy, RTM, Test Metrics, Test Closure Reports for the Projects and sending Daily Execution Status Report to Clients.

2.Prokarma Ltd, Hyderabad.
Total duration: 2.8 Years.
Designation: Senior Software Test Engineer.
Domain: Telecom (BSS)

Project Title
T-Mobile(QVXP)
Duration
8 Months
Operating systems
Windows 7,
Technology
Core Java, Selenium Webdriver,TestNG
Tools
HP Quality Center, Eclipse, winscp, Rally. JIRA,SOAP UI,Sql Developer, Maven, build tool.
Location
Hyderabad

Project Description
T-Mobile frontline employees navigate multiple non-intuitive systems in order to service customers. The goal of this project is to develop and deploy a “refreshingly Simple Frontline Desktop” universal for
all Care and Retail frontline employees.

Role: Telecom Automation Tester
Responsibilities:
Involvement of Automation testing on QVXP Web Application Involvement in Test Design includes Test Data preparation and Reviews.
Creating test cases using element locators and Selenium Web driver methods. Enhanced test cases using java programming Features and TestNG Annotations.
Execution of Selenium test cases and reporting defects.

Project Title
T-Mobile(QV)
Duration
2 years
Operating systems
Windows 7
Application
QV desktop
Tools
HP Quality Center, Eclipse, winscp, putty,
,SOAP UI,Sql Developer
Locations
Hyderabad
Role: QA tester
Responsibilities:
Functional testing on Quick View Desktop Application.
Understanding the requirements and new enhancement of the Project on every release.
Design the Test Plan and update test cases for the project on every release with released version in Jira.

Involved in collecting the test data and test case reviews.
Executed the functional test cases, tracking the bugs using Jira tool and driven defects to closure.
Test data extraction using SQL queries.
Tracking the Bugs using Bug tracking tool and follow up till the issues are resolved

3.Tech Mahindra Ltd, Pune.
Total duration: 3.3 yrs.
Designation: Software Engineer.
Domain: Telecom (BSS)

a.Vodafone Qatar- Fixed Line

Project Title
Vodafone Qatar-Fixed Line
Duration
14 months
Operating systems
Windows 7, Unix
Billing System
Oracle BRM 7.4.1
Tools
OBRM client Applications, Quality Center,
edit plus, putty, Winscp,sql developer.
Locations
TechM, Pune

Project Description:
Vodafone Qatar is one of the wireless operators in Qatar, presently VFQA running on BSS stack which
comprises of Siebel CRM, Oracle BRM, Oracle Fusion Middleware and Oracle ASAP. Infrastructure is
missing few key components which are impacting core business process from scalability, availability and
performance.
Role: Oracle BRM Developer.
Responsibilities:
● Creating different scenarios of fixed line accounts for the customers, attaching fixed line services
and telephone numbers, attaching billing time discounts, generating Bill, Invoices, Payments
and collections using Flists by calling BRM standard opcodes.
● Unit testing on creating different types of customers.
● Reviewing the design documents and testing different scenarios for fixed line customers.
● Creating customized events, services through developer center.
● Customizing opcodes for various scenarios.
● Extensive work on the price-plan configurations: New plans, Add-On deals, devices configuration
depending upon the competitive market needs.
● Extensive work on the discounting configuration for Price plans: Discount model/ selectors to
cater to the different scenarios of usage based discounting.
b.Vodafone Qatar- Postpaid

Project Title
Vodafone Qatar-Postpaid
Duration
10’[ months
Operating systems
Windows 7, Unix
Technology
C Programming
Billing System
Oracle BRM 7.4
Tools
OBRM client Applications, Quality Center,
edit plus,putty,winscp
Locations
TechM, Pune
Description
Vodafone Qatar is one of the wireless operators in Qatar, presently VFQA running on BSS stack which comprises of Siebel CRM, Oracle BRM, Oracle Fusion Middleware and Oracle ASAP.Present Infrastructure is missing few key components which are impacting core business process from scalability, availability and performance.
Role: Oracle BRM tester.
Responsibilities:

●Extensive work on the price-plan configurations: New plans and Add-On deals configuration.
●Discounting configuration for Price plans.
●Writing test cases and manually testing the different hierarchies of customers.
●Interaction with Customer and Designers for thorough understanding of requirements.
●Analyzing User stories/Design Docs, preparing the test Cases (High level & Low level).
●As a part of End to End testing Test Execution (billing journey), Major activities involved are
●Preparation of CDR’s and test data,
●Verifying of billing data from L2C journey,
●Account Creation
●Rating and Billing and
●
●Verification of bills as they are as per requirement.
●Generating and verification of reports
●Interacting/coordinating with various component support teams during test cases execution to resolve testing issues/defects.
● Attending testing support calls with co-ordination of team members to understand the end to end flow among components.
●

c.Vodafone Hutchison Australia

Project Title
Vodafone Hutchison Australia
Duration
6 months
Operating systems

Windows XP, Unix
Billing System
Oracle BRM 7.4
Tools
OBRM client Applications, QC, edit plus,
TAP3 Editor, winscp
Locations
TechM, Pune

Description:
Description: Vodafone is the key service provider of wireless services across the ANZ region. The Vodafone Australia has significant retail business across the region and supports the post-pay and MVNO business. A common Oracle Siebel customer management platform is used for both pre and post paid customers across all segments, thus delivering a single view of the customer. This solution allows common business processes across these different groups.
Role: Billing production support and TADIG testing.
Responsibilities:
●Front ending the entire Billing activities including starting from pre-bill checks, figuring out eligible list of customers to be billed and customers to be excluded from billing. Bill Cycle execution.
●Post-bill activities including invoicing (invoice generation, export and verification) and generating the post-bill report (the most important and business critical report).
●Resolving billing observations based on the reports, fixing invoice XMLs in case of discrepancies in invoices and delivering the invoices to client on time.
●Solving daily issues with co-ordination of team members as well as development team.
●Worked on Failed orders and fixing the orders.
●Initiating configuration of new rate plans based on customer requirement and modification of existing rate plans as per business requirements. Framing test scenarios for the expected and generic behaviors of the rate plans. Testing (stand –alone and end to end.
●Performing TADIG TESTING and Releasing TCCs.
●Sending Reports to the clients.
●Solving on Tickets raised by the customers.

Prokarma Ltd, Hyderabad

Duration: 11 Months
Role: Freelance QA Tester
Domain: telecom
Responsibilities:

• Reviewed User Requirements, Use Cases and Detailed Designs to develop Test Cases
• Test case preparation, test case execution, reporting bugs.
• Replaced fixed values with parameters, to check the functionality of the application with multiple sets of data.
• Tested the application for browser compatibility.
• Tracked defects, which include adding defects, repairing open defects, testing a new build of the application.
Summary of Skills
●Quick learner with aptitude for new technologies.
●A competent, hard-working and enthusiastic team-person of high integrity.
●Solution oriented and possessing excellent oral and written communication.
●Ability to work in teams or alone as per the requirement of the assignment
●Significant customer interfacing experience and exposure to work within a multi-cultural team

PERSONAL PROFILE:
Name : BinduPriya V
Date of Birth : 27thJan, 1989
Nationality/Status : Indian
Status : Married
Present Address : AL HTMI, Doha, Qatar
Permanent address : Ameerpet, Hyderabad, Telangana.
Mobile : +974- 70929235 +91-703*******
Email Address : ad7mk5@r.postjobfree.com.
RP Number : 289********

I hereby declare that the information provided above is true to the best of my knowledge.
BinduPriya V
Contact this candidate