Ryan Asuncion
ad7p04@r.postjobfree.com
650-***-****
Sr. Software Engineer, Zillow Group
San Francisco CA, March 2020 - Present
● Designed the system architecture and implemented Matching Service data pipeline: consolidation of listings and public data channels. Receiving around 10M match requests per day, improving property match rate by 98% and reduced average response time by 50% using Java, Scala, Kafka, Flink, Spark and MongoDB.
● Trained and implemented LLM for matching. Improved consistency and increased accuracy by prediction of contextual similarity. Using Python, Sbert Sentence Transformers and MIlvus.
● Mentor engineers on the design and implementation of the above system.
● Designed and implemented ETL data pipelines for billions property information
● Developed and maintained microservices for address parsing, normalization and geocoding
● Key technologies used: Java, Scala, Python, Spark, Kafka, Flink, SentenceTransformers, AI/ML, Spring Boot, MySql, MongoDB, Lucene, AWS
Sr. Software Engineer, Syapse
San Francisco CA, July 2018 - Feb 2020
● Designed and developed Molecular Tumor Board: a system for oncologists to review treatments based on tumor biomarkers, and track patient performance using Python, Spark.
● Built scalable microservices using python, with high emphasis on authentication, authorization and information security.
● Key technologies used: Python, Spark, Docker, Kubernetes, Parquet Sr. Software Engineer, Capital One
San Francisco CA, June 2017 - June 2018
● Led the San Francisco engineering team, worked with Chicago and Virginia teams to deliver Customer Core - a consolidated system of records for accounts under the company umbrella.
● Designed and developed the data pipeline to match account information using deterministic and probabilistic matching using data models.
● Key technologies used: Java, Kafka, Spark, Druid and Cassandra, Parquet Sr. Software Engineer, WalmartLabs
Sunnyvale CA, January 2014 - March 2017
● Delivered online inventory information system. Designed and developed data pipelines to index and publish item information, Implemented microservices in java to extract item information details using Java, Elasticsearch and Cassandra.
Sr. Software Engineer, Adchemy
Foster City CA, 2009 - Dec 2013
● Search Engine Marketing - Intent based search engine ads management system. Distributed systems, web apps, profiling and optimization. Using Java, Spring, Hibernate and Elasticsearch.
Contact this candidate