Lance Gharat

***** ******** ***** *****, ******, CO 80831 - ad7qt3@r.postjobfree.com

Qualifications Profile

Solutions-oriented Senior Programmer / Project Lead / Architect / Analyst with a proven track record of effective engineering demonstrated through years of experience in the design and implementation of desktop, web and client/server applications.

Very proficient in software design, coding, analysis, problem solving skills & data mining.
Fluent in many computer programming languages and APIs
Expert knowledge in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) development.
Proficient in the analysis of conversion efforts, with experience evaluating costs and benefits of leading-edge technology versus legacy systems.
Strong communication skills with the ability to translate technical concepts for non-technical employees and management.
Skilled project leader, able to direct multiple tasks effectively and master innovative software and tools.
Familiar with project management methodologies including Agile and Scrum.

Core Competencies:
Software Design
Software Implementation
Software Analysis
Web Development
Business Analysis/Design
Technical Support
Project Management
Database Admin/Design
System Integration
Technical Background
Platforms:
Windows (Personal, Server), Unix (HPUX, Solaris, Aix, Linux), DOS, MacOS
Programming:
C/C++, C#, Java, JSP, ASP.NET, XML/XSLT, VisualBasic, VBScript, Perl, HTML, DHTML, JavaScript, Bash, Delphi, Fortran, WPF, WCF, WF, Objective-C, UML, COM, DCOM, LINQ, MVC, Angular, Mockito
Databases:
Oracle, Sybase, SQL Server, MySQL, MS Access, TransactSQL, PostrgeSQL
Tools:
Javadocs, VisualStudio, MS Office, Visio, RAD Studio, Eclipse, SoapUI, InstallShield, GNU suite, IntelliJ, Maven, Git, Bitbucket, Apache NiFi, Jira
Hardware:
PC, Mac, HPUX, SunSparc, IBM, iPhone, iPad
Professional Experience
Bluestaq, Colorado Springs, CO Apr 2023 – Jun 2024

Senior Software Engineer
Worked on various projects to support the Unified Data Library. Worked on the UI for an ingest system for the U.S. Army. Obtained CompTIA Security+ Certification and Interim Secret clearance.

Hexure, Colorado Springs, CO Apr 2017 – Apr 2023

Senior Software Engineer
Designed and coded several enhancements for the existing life insurance desktop regression utility, TestBench, for the ForeSight® framework in C# utilizing Object Oriented Programming, Windows WorkFlow Foundation (WF), and the Windows Communication Foundation (WCF). Designed and coded integration modules for various clients in the ForeSight® framework. Updated XML mapping specification documents, supplied test plans, and test cases for clients.

Key Achievements:
Implemented easier to modify and maintain the UI code for various clients and streamlined the JavaScript code to reduce runtime errors and improve response times in web browsers.

Able to create from scratch a web application for the Sales Team to demo the FireLight® system to prospective clients. This application required designing and implementing everything from end to end from the web pages, dynamic grid tables, and the backend database schema.

Refactored the console version of our in-house test application, TestBench such that new features were introduced enabling the users to save many hours in order to promote test results to baseline. I also refactored the source code for the application reducing duplication and collection common functions that reduced the source code size by over half.

Created a custom application that sent saved cases and their corresponding report PDfs to a client’s SFTP server.

New York Life Insurance Company, Reno, Nevada 2003 – Feb 2017

Senior Applications Architect
Designed and coded many enhancements and replacement modules for the existing life insurance illustration system for both the desktop and web using various languages including C++, C#, and Delphi. I also created many tools which reduced the time and labor to make business crucial enhancements and fix bugs.

Key Achievements:
Designed, developed, and implemented a replacement regression test suite (C#, WinForms, WCF, XML, HTML, XSLT, JavaScript) that replaced a third party tool. My new application utility was very small, more efficient, faster, convenient, and took significantly less time for the business unit to collect and evaluate calculation results allowing them to evaluate and sign off on the Insurance application release/patch in significantly less time and under budget. This project included indexing, searching, translating, comparing, tabulating, logging and recording the calculation results of thousands of test cases against base line results. These results could be tailored to notify whenever any of thousands of values were off by a penny or a desired dollar amount. This application could be run in three different ways, via command line, a GUI or as a managed service and optionally post the results to a web server (ASP.NET, MVP). I utilized SoapUI and Fiddler for testing.
Designed and implemented a managed service (C#, WCF, Delphi) and the supporting functions that interfaced to the existing illustration system that communicated with the newer system. I utilized SoapUI for extensive load testing.
Modified the C++ insurance calculation engine solve routines that used various methods for determining a desired premium, face amount, or cash value. I used the current desktop and web illustration applications and my own regression tool I wrote in C# for testing.
Implemented web server solution on the web server that allowed the current illustration system to be able to update functionality hotfixes without requiring a full patch or release (ASP.NET, C#, Delphi).
Designed and implemented a program (C#, WinForms, XSLT) that validates XML messages. Elements and attributes are checked against a user defined template and would be required or optional with their values being blank or compared to a finite list.
Rewrote the database interface layer (Delphi, COM/DCOM, XML) to be more flexible, handle multiple sessions from different users to different databases. I used the current desktop and web illustration applications and my own regression tool I wrote in C# for testing.
Enhanced the conditions checking module (Delphi) by writing a dynamic Boolean formula parser mechanism so that hard coded changes would not have to be made just account for either changes to an existing business rule check or to create new business rule checks. This mechanism used both RPN and inner-outer evaluation of conditions that could be changed with a simple text editor. I used the current desktop and web illustration applications and my own regression tool I wrote in C# for testing.
Wrote a suite of GUI tools (C#, WinForms) that automatically checks tens of thousands of test cases from an initial input of an Excel spreadsheet.
Designed, enhanced, and supported update and administration utilities (C#, Delphi) that would allow Agency representatives to make changes, then upload them to a webserver so clients in the field could receive and apply the updates immediately and automatically.
Enhanced and streamlined the utilities (Delphi, C#) used for upgrading client databases in the field using custom VCL components.
Upgraded calculation engine libraries from Visual C 6 to Visual Studio 2010 C++.
Interfaced VPMS insurance calculation models into legacy code (C++, Delphi).
Presented various business analyses for legacy system conversions to management, giving them option to convert from outdated languages and architecture to a new design.

McKesson Corporation, Sacramento, CA 2000 - 2003

Web Technologist
Designed and maintained over 12 comprehensive internal websites in Java and oversaw web server administration for the Corporate Intranet Group in San Francisco. Integrated JSP, JavaScript, and Java web development with SQLServer, Oracle and Access databases. Created custom logos and graphics for use with CGI and FrontPage applications.
Operations Development Specialist
Lead Developer in redesign of the Enterprise Notification System (ENS) for the Enterprise Systems Management group in Rancho Cordova, CA. Created a three-tiered, web-enabled, Java-based application to maintain employee, workgroup, job, and system information.
Cap Gemini – Ernst & Young, Rancho Cordova, CA 1999 - 2000

Software Development Consultant
Utilized various development environments to reconfigure Sprint’s telephone billing system, with responsibility for Sybase database procedures, batch scripts, and automated programs for processing and validation customer vouchers. Interfaced with Unix systems in Perl, Korn shell or remote SQL sessions. Authored high level and detailed design documents for all development.
Hewlett-Packard, Roseville, CA 1997 - 1999
Software Engineer
Administered analysis, design, and implementation for multi-platform HP OpenView’s performance monitoring software called MeasureWare, working with HP, gnu, and Visual C++ compilers.

Intel Corporation, Folsom, CA 1996 - 1997
Service Engineer
Performed Windows NT Perl scripting to improve remote system information retrieval on a global level for the Information Technology division
Caltrans, Sacramento, CA 1992 - 1996
Computer Engineer
Performed coordination and implementation for statewide Traffic management systems, including network, systems design, and procurement for Transportation Management Centers. Scheduled projects and evaluated return on investment and cost factors involved. Authored GUI applications for software development and support.
Education / Training

Bachelor of Science Degree
California State University, Chico, CA

Major in Computer Engineering
Minors in Computer Science and Mathematics
Concentration in Expert Systems, Artificial Intelligence

Extracurricular Projects:
Wrote an animated chess program from scratch in Think Pascal for the Macintosh
Wrote an animated Blackjack game from scratch in Think Pascal for the Macintosh

Associate of Science Degree
Modesto Junior College, Modesto, CA

Military Experience
United States Marine Corps
Sergeant E-5
Functioned as Security Guard on USS Enterprise and at NWS, Concord CA
Granted Final Secret Security Clearance & Temporary Top Secret Clearance
Contact this candidate