Rudra Nath Jha
Immediate Joiner .Net Asp.Net, MVC India
Result-oriented software engineering professional with expertise in building modern web-based applications using C# & related technologies.
Contact
+91-882*******
ad7rge@r.postjobfree.com
Experience 1 Year 1 Month
Skills
SQL
C#
HTML, CSS
ADO.NET
ASP.NET
MVC
Certification
.Net Full Stack Developer(Ducat The It Training School, Noida)
(6 Months Training From November 2022 - April 2023) Work Experience:
.Net Software Developer August 2023 - May 2024(10 Months) Diva Enterprises Pvt Ltd
Complete analysis and design of web applications including web design and front-end development.
Developed the application for https://www.indianjournals.com and resolved the cases.
Participated in team meetings and discussions
As a fresher, learning new skills and software development life cycle to improve efficiencies.
The project working on:
• Diva Enterprises Private Limited
• Globe Publication Private Limited
Internship
Diva Enterprises Pvt Ltd May 2023 -July 2023(3 Months) 1. Developed and implemented new features
in assigned projects.
2. Conducted extensive research and
competitive analysis to identify potential areas
for improvement in the existing system?
3. Collaborated with the team to streamline the
user interface and enhance user experience.
Education
Bachelor Of Technology Rajasthan Technical University, Jaipur Computer Science and Engineering
2015– 2019
Principal areas of study within Computer Science include computer systems and networks, programming languages, security, database systems, software engineering, and theory of computing. Intermediate(12th) Bihar School Examination Board
PCM
2013– 2015
Matriculation(10th) Central Board of Secondary Education 2011– 2013
Projects:
For https://www.indianjournals.com
Design and pattern different types of Reports for the client.
Build the new Report for the client to make easy use of theme
Solve the ticket of different types of Reports as per requirement.
Work with the Database(My SQL).
Using Jira Application in this project.
Work for National and International clients for the publication of their books.
Move all the Reports from ERP to ERP1 with the changes in the design and pattern of the report.
Contact this candidate