Scott Hansen
801-***-**** ad7ryy@r.postjobfree.com
Summary of Qualifications
Extensive experience in the Software Development Industry. 15+ years Software Quality Engineer experience, two years Configuration Management and two years of Software Support. Significant experience in QA Engineering, testing both manually and with automation. Have Acceptance, Black box, Load, Regression, Top Down, Ad Hoc, Client Server, Error, Functionality, GUI, Module, Performance, Installation, Stress, Usability, Documentation and Unix/Linux testing experience.
Technical Skills
Technologies/Tools: Cypress, GitLab, Selenium, BitBucket, VS Code, Azure DevOps, Anthill, GitHub, Docker, JIRA, Confluence, Agile, Scrum, Microsoft Office, GIT, Trello, Salesforce, Python, Pycharm, TestRail, Enterprise Tester
Computer Systems: iOS, Windows, Ubuntu, CentOS
Skills: Automation, Manual, Acceptance, Black Box, Load, Regression, Top Down, Ad Hoc, Client Server, Error, Functionality, GUI, Module, Performance, Installation, Stress, Usability, iOS App Testing, Documentation, Test Cases, Scripting, Code Editors, Test Plans
Professional Experience
Software Quality Engineer and SQA Coach
Software Technology Group (STG) February 2016 – December 2023 Utah State Office of Vital Records
VS Code, JIRA, Confluence, GitLab
● Was a Contract Worker for the State of Utah Office of Vital Records, Jan. 2022 until Dec. 2023. Main SQA Engineer on the Death Certificates application - UMAP.
● Wrote 200 Cypress Automation scripts and performed the manual testing on the UMAP application that consisted of EDEN (data entry for recording deaths) and UMED (Office of the Medical Examiners) products.
● Mastered VS Code, JIRA, Confluence, GitLab, and CLI GIT. Scott Hansen page 1 of 4
● Earned the Consulting Skills Mentor Certification from STG.
● Mentored and coached 7 SQA Engineers at STG on the Career Development goals over 4 years.
LDS Church
Figma, Azure DevOps
● Contractor for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints on the General Authorities Portfolio, Jan. 2020 until Jan. 2022.
● Did JavaScript Automation and manual testing on the Leader Information Service (LIS) product.
● Tested the Assignment Committee Scheduling Application (ACS).
● Earned the Consulting Skills Certification from STG. FamilySearch
VersionOne, Jira, Figma, yEd
● Worked as a Vendor at FamilySearch in Lehi from Sep. 2019 to the end of Dec. 2019.
● Tested “All About Me”, “My Famous Relatives”, and other apps on the Discovery team.
● Learned and used Model-based automation with yEd and Saucelabs.
● Earned the Node Webdriver Automation Associate Certification from STG.
(https://github.com/Shansen54/STG-QA-Automation-Certification-Level-1/branches) LDS Church
HP Quality Center, Figma, Azure DevOps
● Worked as a Vendor for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints on the Church Unit Banking System (CUBS). May 2018 until Sep. 2019.
● Did manual testing on the Java Upgrade of CUBS.
● Learned Automation using JavaScript and Selenium on my own time at home.
(https://github.com/Shansen54/STG-QA-Automation-Certification-Level-1/br anches)
STG Development Center
Java, Trello, Selenium, Jenkins, BitBucket, GitHub
● Tested the PTO App for the STG. February 2018 – May 2018.
● Did Java scripting for a Delta Miles Selenium project. o (https://github.com/Shansen54/DeltaMiles.git)
● Worked on a Selenium and Java project with the SkiUtah site. o (https://github.com/Shansen54/CDP17SJH.git)
Scott Hansen page 2 of 4
LDS Church
Selenium, Jira, Trello, Allegiance, BitBucket, Anthill, GitHub, Enterprise Tester, Docker, Publisher, Automation, Agile
● Worked as a Contractor of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. February 2016 – February 2018. Tested the LDS.org sites and supporting web pages.
● Scripted in Selenium and helped the automation of the Publisher application.
● Only QA Engineer on the new Publisher application, Tested the Bright Spot application that the Church was Beta testing before purchasing it.
● Main QA Engineer that dealt with the use and resolution of Feedback items for all the Church's Feedback pages. Trained other QA Engineers on its use.
● Trained my team on Scrum and other Agile principles. QA Engineer, Vivint 2015 – 2016
Selenium, JIRA, TestRail, Salesforce, Git
● Tested the web application Account Center that uses a Salesforce backend, version 2.0. Tested the iOS app Street Genie for use by our salesmen, as well as the Order Entry Tool (OETool) application for our Sales Team.
● Scripted in Python and Selenium, the automation of the Account Center website. Extensive use of JIRA, TestRail, Salesforce, and some GIT.
● Became a certified Scrum Master through training with the BrainTrust Group in May 2015.
QA Engineer, Adaptive Computing 2010 – 2014
Python Scripting, JIRA, Agile, Ubuntu, CentOS, Fedora
● Tested the Viewpoint GUI Web application that interfaced with the Moab scheduling program, versions 6.0 through 7.5 which included 7 releases. Tested Moab versions 7.5, 8.0, and 8.1.
● Became proficient in Agile methodology, Python scripting, and Moab.
● Scrum master for 6 months for the Moab OpenStack integration project and team.
● Tested the Moab Cluster Manager application. Main GUI tester for 4 years. Sr. QA Analyst, eDoc Innovations 2009 – 2010
Test Cases, Test Complete, Load Testing
● Created and used 10 test case documents on 10 products in order to produce 2 major releases and 30 minor releases of products.
● Used Test Complete to load test web sites. Simulated 100 to 900 users per test run.
QA Engineer, Symantec 2001 – 2009
Automation, Test Cases, AutoIT, Visual Test, Scripts
● Tested the Deployment Server product through versions from 6.5 SP1 to 6.9 SP2.
● Learned AutoIT on my own time, to speed up the installation time of Deployment Server. Decreased installation time for DS by 90%.
● Tested Deployment Solution for Notification Server 7.1. Scott Hansen page 3 of 4
● Created test cases to reduce Lab deployment from three days to one hour per build.
● Facilitated the testing of all Thin Clients and all HP systems.
● Tested the PC Transplant product versions 3.5 through 6.1. Used Visual Test to test versions 3.6 and 4.0 of PC Transplant. Was the automation tester for this product and wrote all the scripts and automation suite for testing PC Transplant.
More experience available upon request
Education and Training
Bachelor of Science, Statistics/Business Brigham Young University Associate of Science, Business Management Snow College Certifications and Training:
● Node Webdriver Automation Associate – STG Consulting.
● Codecademy.com – Python Course
● Certified Scrum Master
● UVU in Business Training – Testing Computer Software
● Altiris Training – Altiris Certified Engineer
● Configuration Management Training Foundation – Certified Configuration Management Engineer
● Utah State in Business Training – Black Box Testing with Kem Caner
● University of PERL – PERL 101
● Microsoft Training – Networking MCP
● Computer Based Training – Basics of C++
Scott Hansen page 4 of 4
Contact this candidate