Shrutika
Palange
PROFILE
Accomplished software testing
engineer with 3 years of
experience. Gained hands on
experience in manual and
automation. Strong knowledge
of SDLC and QA testing
process. Skilled in working
under pressure and adapting
to new situations. I have
worked on projects like Web,
Mobile, Desktop application.
ADDRESS
Manik Baug, Sinhged
Road, Pune - 411051
PHONE
879-***-****
EMAIL
ad7sns@r.postjobfree.com
PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth – 03rd NOV 1998
Gender – Female
Location – Pune
Experience – 3
EXPERIENCE
CLOVER BAY TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD.
OCT 2021 – PRESENT
Associate Software Development Engineer – Testing
• Worked on multiple software projects within the
organization, focusing on the retail and e-commerce platforms.
• Performed API manual testing and automated API test cases using Cucumber with Java Framework.
• Implemented API testing using Postman and Rest-Assured to validate backend services and ensure data integrity.
• Experienced in writing Test Plans, Test Descriptions, Test Procedures, and preparing Test Data.
• Conducted thorough manual testing for new features and performed exploratory testing to uncover edge cases and unexpected behaviors.
• Performed load, acceptance, end to end, integration testing to check entire functionality of an application.
• Extensively carried web-based testing like UI Testing, Cross browser testing, accessibility testing, functional testing, regression testing. Created detailed bug reports and worked closely with developers to prioritize and resolve issues.
• Participated in Go live website meetings, provided support and performed sanity testing on different
environments.
• Gained knowledge of context-based testing, pixel testing, Mobile App testing, Automation in Postman, Load testing and Localization testing.
• Collaborated with software developers and product managers to define clear and comprehensive test plans and strategies. Participated in Agile and Scrum meetings to align on sprint goals and ensure timely delivery of test cases.
LANGAUAGE
• English
• Hindi
• Marathi
SOFT SKILL
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science
Pune Institute of Computer Technology, Pune University Engineering Graduation – CGPA 8
Pune, Maharashtra
• Teamwork
• Efficiency
• Time Management
Diploma in Computer Technology
Sinhgad Institute, MSBTE Board
Diploma – Marks 85%
Pune, Maharashtra
High School
Completed - May 2020
Completed- May 2017
Renuka Swaroop Memorial Girls High School
Maharashtra State Board
SSC – Marks 78 %
Pune, Maharashtra
Completed - June 2014
TOOLS KNOWLEDGE
Technical – Java, Test Automation Frameworks, TestNG, Cypress Framework, JMeter tool, Selenium/WebDriver, Rest API methods
(Basics), C++, Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Postman, Automation in Postman, Miro tool, IntelliJ IDE, Eclipse IDE, Vs code IDE, Sublime IDE, Agile.
Non-Technical – Capture, CMS (Drupal Platform), PIM-Core, Fynd Platform (Content), Browser Stack, Jira Project Management, Scrum, Microsoft Office.
Contact this candidate