RABE ALSILWADI Senior Software Quality Engineer
Chicago, IL ad7tkm@r.postjobfree.com 630-***-**** LinkedIn SUMMARY
Innovative and results-driven Software Quality Engineer with six years of experience in test automation, framework development, and quality assurance. Proficient in JavaScript and TypeScript, leveraging Playwright and Cypress to ensure flawless software delivery. Led the development of a test framework, cutting testing time by 80% and boosting coverage by 40%. Managed CI/CD pipelines for 50+ developers with 99.9% uptime and conducted knowledge transfer sessions for 30+ team members, enhancing test automation proficiency. SKILLS
Tools: Playwright, Cypress, REST API, JMeter, NodeJS, JIRA, Zephyr Frameworks: Playwright, Cucumber-Cypress Languages: JavaScript, TypeScript, SQL, NodeJS, Java, HTML-CSS Version Control: GIT, GitLab, GitHub, Bitbucket Database: Oracle SQL, MS SQL, MongoDB Reporting Tools: Azure DevOps, HTML, mochawesome CI/CD Tools: Jenkins, TeamCity, CircleCI, GitHub Actions Methodologies: SAFe, Agile/Scrum/Kanban IDE: VSCode, Postman Other: Leadership, Communication, Adaptability PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Crate&Barrel – Senior Software Quality Engineer Chicago, IL September 2022 – Present
● Led the development of a test framework using TypeScript-Playwright over the span of six months, greatly enhancing test automation capabilities.
● Modernized an outdated automation framework by reducing the number of UI automation scripts from 250 MABL scripts to 75 Playwright scripts, increasing both coverage and efficiency.
● Decreased automation execution time from 5 hours to 1 hour across multiple brands, while raising the pass rate from 50% to 90%.
● Enhanced the automation framework by adding 50 API Playwright scripts, increasing testing depth and breadth.
● Built collaborative relationships with the offshore and third-party teams, engaging in daily interactions for requirement analysis, gathering, and testing.
● Played a key role in navigating the Agile development process, adapting to changing requirements and feature sets.
● Participated in configuring CI/CD pipelines to run daily smoke tests, bi-weekly regression tests, and UAT validations, ensuring quality across the four brands in the C&B portfolio (CrateUS, CrateCA, CB2US, CB2CA)
● Implemented the Page Object Model (POM) design pattern and created fixtures to integrate page objects within test classes, improving the framework's maintainability and scalability.
Progressive Insurance – Systems Test Engineer Mayfield, OH January 2021 – August 2022
● Developed and maintained a behavior-driven test automation framework, utilizing Cucumber-Cypress, JavaScript, and REST API, implementing POM to streamline test creation and maintenance.
● Integrated SQL queries and database validations into the testing framework, ensuring data reliability and seamless back-end functionality.
● Implemented and managed CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins, automating the testing process to enhance efficiency and reliability.
● Conducted regular knowledge transfer sessions and workshops for junior team members, promoting the adoption of new testing tools and methodologies, and fostering a culture of continuous improvement.
● Created and maintained a detailed end-to-end regression test suite, consisting of over 150 UI and API automation scripts executed bi- weekly, along with a daily smoke test suite, ensuring consistent application stability and quality. US Cellular – Quality Assurance Specialist Chicago, IL May 2018 – December 2020
● Performed manual UI, API, and database testing with Postman and SQL, along with Jira and Zephyr for test case tracking to ensure the functionality and reliability of the application.
● Designed and implemented test cases, ensuring complete coverage and enhancing the overall reliability of the software.
● Utilized JMeter for performance testing, ensuring the application can perform well under strenuous circumstances.
● Involved in the implementation of UI automation using JavaScript and Cypress. EDUCATION
B.S. Neuroscience, University of Illinois Chicago August 2017 – May 2021
Contact this candidate