Yaswitha Reddy. C
Phone: 469-***-****
Email: ad7tgh@r.postjobfree.com
**** ********* *****, ***** **** – 76226

About me
With over 7+ years of experience as a Senior Software Engineer (Java Full-Stack), I have a strong background in design, development, team building, and implementation across various domains and platforms. My expertise lies in crafting complex applications and utilizing Service-oriented architecture and Object-Oriented Design principles to deliver robust solutions. I have successfully developed and deployed large-scale web applications and web services in a Software-as-a-Service environment, demonstrating my ability to handle projects at scale. My track record reflects my commitment to consistently surpass challenging goals. As a part of the strategy and innovation team, I actively contribute to solving business problems using Artificial Intelligence. This showcases my adaptability and passion for integrating cutting-edge technologies to drive innovation and create valuable solutions for businesses. Overall, my deep technical knowledge, leadership capabilities, and history of success make me a valuable senior software engineer for organizations seeking top-tier expertise in Java, React.js, Ext.js, Vue.js technologies. I am driven by a passion for excellence and continuously strive to deliver impactful results for both clients and projects.
Technology Skills
Language
Java, React.js, Ext.js, Vue.js Node.js, PHP, JavaScript, Typescript, jQuery, CSS, HTML
App/Web Frameworks
Spring Web Flux, Reactive streams, Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Apache Struts 1, CodeIgniter, Laravel, Kohana, Next.js
Data Stream
Kafka
Caching Services
JCache, Redis
Message Broker
Apache ActiveMQ, Google Pub/Sub
Database
PostgreSQL, MySQL, HeidiSQL, MongoDB
Monitoring Tools
JVisual VM, Heap dump analyzer, DataDog and J-console
DevOps
GitHub, Maven, Ant, Sonar, Nexus, and Jenkins
Mobile App
Sencha Touch and React Native
Web and App Server
Tomcat, Apache2, WebLogic, WebSphere
Web Service
Soap, RESTful Web Services, Jakarta XML Web Services
Cloud platform
GCP, AWS
Container Technology &
Management
Kubernetes, Docker
Strength
Software Development Methodologies:
-Proficient in working within Agile (SCRUM), Test-Driven Development (TDD),
Behavior-Driven Development (BDD) methodologies.
-Extensive experience in handling all phases of the Development Life Cycle.
-Identified critical production issues in the product and helped the team solve it.
-Created Proof of Concepts on the new features needed for the product enhancements.

Pre-sales and User Interaction
-Engage in pre-sales activities.
-Work closely with business today issues, resolve user queries.
Application and Server Management
-Analyzing, troubleshooting, and taking appropriate actions for Application/Web server error logs
-Analyzing Thread and Heap dumps.
-Experience in monitoring, logging, and management tools that integrate with GCP and other external tools like Datadog and PagerDuty.
Java Development
-Extensive experience in Java frameworks such as Spring WebFlux, Spring Boot, Spring MVC and Hibernate.
-Hands-on experience with Core Java, including Multithreading, Concurrency, File handling, I/O, Generics, data structures, collections, and garbage collection.
-Experience with Java 17 and 8 features like Records, Enhanced Enums, parallel Streams, Lambdas, functional interfaces, and filters
-Experience in developing Event driven Architectures Microservices using Spring Webflux and Spring-Boot.
-Knowledge of Java memory management and garbage collection
-Implemented the Caching Techniques like JCache and Redis.
-Expert in working with the Hibernate Criteria API and HQL for querying the database.
-Experience with SOAP Web services technologies using JAX-WS and REST Web services technologies using JAX-RS, OAUTH and OAUTH2.
-Familiarity with Java build tools like Maven
-Complete understanding of the DevOps process with continuous integration using Jenkins
Front-End Development
-I have used frameworks and libraries like React.js, Next.js, Vue.js and Ext.js for robust UIs.
-Worked on State Management techniques like Hooks, Reducer, Context API, Redux, and VueX.
-Employed the web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript for seamless experiences.
-Integrated Styling methodologies like Tailwind CSS for streamlined workflows.
-Enhanced code quality with TypeScript resulting in more resilient and maintainable front-end codebases.
-Utilized Ajax and jQuery for dynamic content with interactive elements.
-Implemented Bootstrap for responsive designs for mobile-first design principles.
-Prioritized performance optimization techniques to deliver fast and efficient front-end solutions, optimizing code, assets, and network requests to minimize load times and improve user experience.
-Focused on creating visually appealing and intuitive user interfaces that meet both user and business requirements, driving engagement and satisfaction.
Database Development
-Developed intricate tables, views, and collections tailored to meet business requirements.
-Created complex PL/SQL packages and procedures to execute multifaceted functions within the database, ensuring efficient data processing.
-Implemented functions and triggers to automate job execution within the database, streamlining processes related to product functionalities and enhancing operational efficiency.

Achievements

Recipient of the Employee of the Quarter award at Suraj Technologies.
Recognized as a High Flyer multiple times during tenure at HPE.
Nominated as a Spotlight Member during a quarter at Cue Health.

Professional Experience:

Cue Health -Dallas TX
Product: Cue March 2023 to Jun 2024
Role: Senior Software Engineer

Technologies: Java 17, Spring WebFlux, Reactive Streams, Spring Boot, React.js, Next.js, Node.js, Typescript, Microservices, Docker, Kubernetes, Active MQ, Apache Camel, Google Pub/Sub, GCP.

Description: Cue Health produces COVID cartridges and test kits that are integrated into our Cue App. Users can conveniently perform testing at home using these kits and cartridges. Cue Health collaborates with various laboratories to interpret the test results and provides consultations and medication through their Cue Software Products to end users.
Responsibilities:
Involved in requirement gathering, estimation, and planning discussion
Involved in analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, and support
Following agile methodology in the development and maintaining the system
Involved in the complete life cycle of the project, from the requirements phase to the production phase
Played a key role in designing the high-level and low-level architectures for both the backend and frontend modules of Cue, a mobile and web application for medical services.
Developed and implemented highly efficient and scalable RESTful web services for Cue, resulting in significant system performance improvements
and enhanced user experience.
Designed comprehensive front-end components for Medical Test Kit Registration and GLP-1 Weight Loss Program, ensuring seamless user interactions.
Successfully integrated third-party services like DoseSpot, ScriptDrop, and OpenLoop into Cue, expanding its functionality and capabilities.
Demonstrated expertise in handling geolocation services and effectively integrating APIs such as Google Maps Place Details API and Mapbox
Integration.
Created proof of concept for encrypting user data using MongoDB CSFLE (Client-Side Field Level Encryption) with both automatic and manual encryption methods.
Gained valuable experience in HRIS (Human Resources Information System) integrations, specifically with Workday, facilitating the onboarding of
new customers into our application.

Hewlett Packard India Software Operation Private Limited -Bengaluru KA
Product: SmartCID Apr 2021 to Dec 2022
Role: Cloud Developer II

Technologies: Java 8, Spring Boot, React.js, JavaScript, Microservices, Docker, Active MQ, AWS.

Description: SmartCID, a web-based application that revolutionized business operations and boosted productivity. SmartCID was instrumental in configuring and facilitating the factory build of HPE Machine Learning, Container, VM as-a-Service (SaaS, PaaS, IaaS,
PCaaS) offerings.

Responsibilities
Involved in requirement gathering, estimation, and planning discussion
Involved in analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, and support
Following agile methodology in the development and maintaining the system
Played a pivotal role as a full-stack Engineer, contributing expertise to both front-end and back-end technologies.
Successfully re-architected SmartCID, transitioning it from a monolithic structure to a microservice architecture.
Implemented a DevOps toolchain, leveraging Jira, GitHub, Jenkins, and Unleash for feature flagging, along with SonarQube for code quality analysis.
Enhanced user experience by adopting the HPE Design System, resulting in significant improvements to the Project's usability and visual appeal.
Conducted design discussions with clients and stakeholders, effectively presenting various design and development artifacts and securing their agreement and support for implementation.

Company: Vitalmed IT Solutions Private Limited – Coimbatore, TN
Client: SIIX Corporation, Japan June2019 to Apr 2021
Product: SIMOS and STrace
Role: Software Engineer

Technologies: Java 7, Spring MVC, Struts, Ext.js, Sencha Touch, Oracle SQL

Description: SIMOS and STrace are the Warehouse and Production Management softwares integrated with an Oracle support suite. Our software retrieves data from Oracle processes data and uploads the processed data into Oracle interface tables. Manage Warehouse operations like Stock Receiving, storage, transfer, expiry, Picking for Job orders, Stock Adjustment, and Stocktake. Manage Production operations like Picklist Generation for Job Order, Picking and Material Backflush, Shipping, Packing List, Shipment Confirmation, Testing the Finished Goods with the Client Testing Machines and storing the results for Traceability.

Responsibilities
Involved in Requirement Analysis and System Design.
Active involvement in Development and Designs of the software modules.
Designed and Developed modules in Web/Mobile portals using Ext.js and Sencha Touch
Added SOAP-based web services interface On Traceability Machines.
Integrated with the Third-Party APIs to get the Traceability results of the End Product.
Implemented audit reports for log analyzer module, enabling production support efficiency
Involved in analyzing, troubleshooting, and taking appropriate actions for Application/Web server error logs and analyzing thread and heap dumps

Certification

Completed Java Full Stack Developer Certification, 2020 – Simplilearn.
Contact this candidate