John Scheafer
605-***-****
ad7uuo@r.postjobfree.com
Sioux Falls, SD

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
I’m a Senior Software Engineer with 10+ years of experience. Most recently, this involves creating software solutions by developing, maintaining, upgrading and implementing solutions by gathering requirements and designing solutions gathered by assessing the current programs and needs. This includes continually evaluating business needs while applying new technology and following the fast-paced trends of today and the future.

SKILLS
C#, C++, .NET, SQL, Java, jQuery/JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, PHP, XAMPP, XML, Angular, VB, .NET Core and APIs.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Bravo Sierra Solutions 2021 – Present
Senior Software Engineer/ Software Architect
Designed, created, and operated Bravo Sierra Solutions for clients.
o Researched which technologies to use to implement the design.
o Created proof of concepts to implement designs based on business logic.
o Research and design new ideas tailored for each solution.
Created, Normalized and maintained the databases.
o Utilized many frameworks and databases for customers.
o Reversed engineered project and suggest and implemented solutions.
o Enhanced old software and replaced with new where necessary.
Utilized C# and Java to construct and maintain APIs.
Created UI that were intuitive.
Languages:
o C#, SQL, Java, Angular, HTML, CSS3, Java, .NET Core.
Tools:
o Visual Studio, PowerShell, Git, Eclipse, IntelliJ, Maven, and CLI commands

ExamWorks 2017 – 2021
Senior Software Engineer/ Software Architect
Leverage a functional area of expertise to create and complete features, stories and tasks. These include defining and driving design, development, implementation, and integration/testing of systems, subsystems, and/or platforms.
Complete redesign of customer services app.
oUpgrading the customer service app including the UI, middleware and backend code with C#, Angular, CSS3, HTM, SQL, C++ and C In an Azure.
o Improved workflow for customer service.
o Added features requested by users and management.
Developed, Maintained and designed solutions for processing legal documents.
o Implemented enhancements for our legal document including better searches and more refined legal documents.
o Converted C, Pascal, and other legacy code using Java to create a more efficient delivery system.
o Created templates to create legal documents in a PDF format.
Untangled and redesigned the ABI Web project.
o Reverse engineered, untangled, and redesigned an outdated ASP website.
o Upgraded to website to an MVC/framework (later core) page with complete with jQuery, Angular, and JavaScript to provide a better user experience.
o Engineered TSQL stored procedures for base CRUD operations.
Languages:
o C#, SQL, jQuery, Angular 12, HTML5, CSS3, Java, C++, .NET Core.
Tools:
o Azure, Visual Studio, PowerShell, Git, IntelliJ, Maven, Linux CLI, Postman, Jira, Confluence

Carsforsale.com 2012 – 2017

Senior Software Engineer

Design, develop, and maintain solutions for Free Classifieds with its three software components, Freeclassifieds.com, the websites associated with it and internal tools used to maintain it.
Engineered and reengineered components of this application to produce a better product.
o Created template and dynamic webpages for customers.
o Executed an invoicing system.
o Added features for HR including, employee pay information, hour tracking and basic benefit tracking systems.
o When possible integrated responsiveness to public facing webpages.
Incorporated several programs and tools into our system.
o Embedded CodeMirror for CSS editing for our graphics team.
o Linked a basic PayPal solution to our customizable websites.
o Blended other tools such as google calendars, online stores, and jQuery widgets.
Maintained all three systems.
o Investigated and resolved all bugs.
o Fixed CSS for our graphics team, when necessary.
o Helped customer service with bugs and new feature requests.
Languages:
o VB, C#, SQL, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript

Tyler Technologies (Utility Billing Department) 2007 – 2012

Conversion Programmer
Received customer data in varying formats (IE, plan text files and COBOL files) from small municipalities. Parsed and dissected this information to find keys and foreign keys to establish structure. Normalized the same data to recreate a format that was ready to insert into our SQL databases.
Used metadata to convert old schemas, tables and data while trying to maintain data integrity.
o Extracted meta-data to recreate services, service rates, and customer information.
o Cleaned, massaged, and transformed data to fit in our system.
o Created and maintained testing scripts.
Languages
o SQL, COBOL, and VB

Midcontinent Communications 2002 – 2007

Computer Programmer II
Work with various departments to create web base solutions to accomplish manual tasks streamlining and reducing time and effort to accomplish them.
Created a web application for hiring.
o Gave managers access to a form to send a request to hire an employee.
o Posted approved jobs internally and on Midco’s web page.
o Collected applications and sent them to the hiring manager.
Processed phone records from Midco’s phone switch
o Parsed data records
o Categorized call and stored pertinent information (ie, length and type of call)
o Updated the database with call information based on which company lines were utilized.
Created small applications to help with the daily operations.
o Automated forms for the Engineering department
o Created forms for HR.
o Worked with account to automate excel spreadsheets.
Languages:
o PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, Perl, and Bash Script

EDUCATION
Dakota State University 2002
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
Contact this candidate