Yen Huynh
***** ***** ****,
Brownstown, MI *****
Phone: 734-***-****
Email: ad7uut@r.postjobfree.com

NET Developer with over 10 years of experience in developing robust web, batch job, and API business intelligence solutions, I specialize in ASP.NET, C#.NET, MVC, .NET Core, .NET 6, .NET 8, and both Oracle and PostgreSQL databases. My expertise spans the entire software development lifecycle, including requirements analysis, design, development, testing, maintenance, enhancement, and production support.

Objective
Detail-oriented and proactive Software Engineer/Analyst seeking a challenging role that leverages my expertise in current and emerging technologies. I aim to apply my strong problem-solving skills, effective communication, and ability to identify and fulfill business requirements to drive impactful solutions and foster innovation.

My Strengths
Effective communication, strong problem-solving skills, and the ability to work with users to identify business objectives and establish requirements. Team player and customer service skills. Capable of multi-tasking and managing multiple projects independently.

Professional Employment

OneMagnify, Detroit, Michigan (7/2010 - 8/2024)
Web Developer, Application Development, Software Engineer

Projects:
Developed, custom-built, and maintained multiple client-server applications using ASP.NET 2.0, 3.5, and 4.0, 4.5 MVC, .NET CORE, .NET 6, .NET 8, C#.NET, VB.NET, VB 6.0, ASP, HTML5, XML, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap.
Managing, designing, and coding projects using Visual Studio 2017, 2019, 2022, Oracle 11g, 12c, and 19c, and PostgreSQL
Created database tables, store procedures, functions, packages, views, and triggers using Oracle and Postgres database
Familiarity with GIT, Postman, and other development tools
Created and modified scheduled jobs using JAMS to auto-upload excel/csv files to database tables, and auto-send emails by Sales Force to customers/clients.
Provided user supports on multiple applications.
Excellent debugging and troubleshooting skills.
Worked using the Agile Methodology to complete applications.

American Blinds and Wallpaper, Livonia, Michigan (5/1995 – 7/2010)
Senior Programmer / Analyst

Projects:
Developed and maintained the custom-built internet web sites www.dollarblinds.com, www1.americanblinds.com, and www.blindswallpaperandmore.ca for custom Blinds and Wallpaper online shopping. Designed and implemented web pages using ASP.NET, VB.NET, ADO.NET, HTML, JavaScript, and COM object with Visual Studio 2005. Using dynamic web control design and user controls to generate the web pages dynamically.
Designed and developed communication center for customer service automated system to inquire order status by phone and internet online. Dynamically displaying and sending responses accordingly to the online phone and internet customers.
Implemented and maintained vendor portal system using ASP web pages for vendors to maintain order shipping information.
Worked with E-commerce marketing department to designed, developed, and maintained Search Engine Optimization (SEO) to generate Meta data online dynamically.
Designed and developed inbound and outbound IVR (InterVoice System) using PL/SQL to send messages to customers’ orders statuses.
Supported and maintained all applications, including 24x7 production On-call responsibilities.

University of Toledo, Ohio (1993 – 1995)
Computer Consulting
Consulted students using RPG programming and COBOL in UNIX, AS/400.
Assisted students in COBOL syntax coding.
Maintained printers’ statuses.

Certifications and Training
Microsoft Certified: Azure Fundamentals
Developing Solutions for Microsoft Azure
Prepare for Salesforce Administrator Certificate exam
The Complete Python Programming Course

Education
B.S. Computer Science and Engineering, University of Toledo, OH - 1995

Citizenship
US Citizen
Contact this candidate