Sri Navya Gottam
+1-612-***-**** ad7vff@r.postjobfree.com
EDUCATION:
Concordia university st paul Sept 2022 - Dec 2023
Master of Science, Information technology service administration and management cumulative GPA: 3.7/4.0
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University July 2016 – Aug 2020
Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science and Engineering cumulative GPA: 3.8/4.0
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Languages: C++, C, JavaScript, Java, Python, R.
Web development: HTML, CSS, XML.
Databases: SQL, MySQL Workbench, RDBMS.
Tools and Frameworks: Git, Spring Boot, Micro Services, Spring, NumPy, Pandas.
Software Engineering: Agile, Waterfall, Hybrid, Software Development Lifecycle.
Software Methodologies: SAP Solution Manager, ASAP Methodology
OS: Linux (Ubuntu), Unix (macOS), Windows, macOS, Microsoft Windows 10/8.1/8/7/Vista/XP.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Teaching Assistant, Information technology Department, CSP Nov 2022 – Dec 2023
Supported ITSM courses: “ITSM 2720 Business Intelligence", "ITSM 6330 Project Management", and "ITSM 2670 Procurement and Assess Management"
Enhanced student learning: Graded assignments, provided feedback, led discussions & practical’s.
Increased course completion rate by 20%
Software Engineer, Skrill tech solutions, Hyderabad Oct 2020 – Oct 2022
Project - Unified Claims Interface:
Spearheaded the development of the Unified Claims Interface, replacing 5 legacy applications and slashing employee training time and costs by 80%, resulting in significant user experience improvements and projected annual savings of $2.8 million through claim error reduction and resolution.
Tech Stack: - Angular, Java, Micro Services, Git, Spring.
Engineered and maintained critical features as a Full Stack Developer, leveraging Angular for the frontend and Java for the backend, including creating REST APIs that increased data retrieval speed by 50% and optimized user experience.
Achieved over 80% code coverage, enhancing code quality and reliability.

INTERNSHIP:
Company: Majestic It Services
Duration: Jan 2024 - May 2024
Role: Software Engineer
Roles & Responsibilities:
Develops an understanding of the organization's inspection methods, quality guidelines, best practices, risk management practices etc.
Assists in designing and implementing quality requirements into the development, design, manufacturing of products or solutions.
Assists in crafting test strategies using various test methodologies, building test setups, automating test frameworks and testing plans.
Ensures compliance with established quality and reliability standards and identifies any deviations.
Learns and practices basic root- cause analysis against the deviations identified. Coordinates meetings with related divisions and implements specified changes to quality processes to reduce defects, lower costs and drive continuous improvement.
Collects, consolidates, and charts data from reports, testing, and process results for components to identify trends and issues.
Develops understanding and relationship with internal and outsourced partners for product development and manufacturing, supports priority projects with direction, while maintaining these relationships.
Applies foundational principles and contributes proactively to multiple projects through research and data analysis support, providing regular updates on accomplishments and impediments.
Complete all training requirements and recommend opportunities for internal or 3rd-party training that would increase professional skill level and value to the organization.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS:

Online Book Store System (Angular, Java, Spring, Micro Services, MySQL.) May 2023 – June 2023
Developed a Book Store system featuring admin and user functionalities, enabling users to search for books efficiently.
Implemented CRUD operations for the admin using REST APIs with microservices architecture.
Integrated email support for notifications, subscription management, and account management.
Brain Tumor Classification using Deep Learning Algorithms (Python – TensorFlow, sklearn) Aug 2023-Dec 2023
Developed a deep learning model to classify brain tumors from MRI images.
Trained and evaluated ResNet50, Mobile Net, Dense Net, and Inception Net models on a dataset of 3096 brain scans.
Assessed model performance based on precision, recall, and F1 score to identify the best algorithm for accurate classification in Python.
Hex game (Python - Pygame) Aug 2023 - Dec 2023
Developed intelligent AI player for Hex game using Minimax with alpha-beta pruning.
Applied hybrid Dijkstra's heuristic for strategic decision-making, balancing offense and defense.
Overcame challenges in board state tracking and user interface. Implemented in Python, achieving competitive gameplay and successful AI wins.
Smart Healthcare Prediction using Artificial Intelligence (SQL, Python, PHP) Feb 2020 – Apr 2020
Engineered a healthcare assistant to predict diseases early, mitigating the need for numerous diagnostic tests.
Designed the assistant to communicate via voice and text, guiding users and generating new leads for patients using decision tree.
CERTIFICATIONS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS:
Participated in Hackathons for 2 consecutive years, gaining recognition at the organization level and transforming our ideas into real-time projects. Secured 2nd place in the NLP and ML Category in the 2022 UnitedHealth Group Hackathon.
Earned Bravo and Sapphire awards, recognized as a top performer in 2021 and 2022 at Skrill tech solutions.
Completed the NPTEL course “Programming, Data Structures and Algorithms Using Python" from IIT Madras.
Achieved elite band certification in the NPTEL course “Programming in Java” from IIT Kharagpur.
Contact this candidate