Jorge Sanchez
Middletown, OH
ad7x6l@r.postjobfree.com

Microsoft / NET DEVELOPER
www.Inge-Soft.com

Summary
I am Software Developer and I have been working as Independent Contractor in the information technology field since 1998 as an IT consultant and software engineer. Experience in project management, business analysis, technical analysis and design, and programming. Broad development experience including web sites, web Api, Windows apps, databases. I have a methodical nature and drive to use the simplest possible strategy to deliver maintainable, cost-effective solutions. I have a Great and extensive acknolodged on Retails and Restaurant Market that I allow me to Design and Implemented my own POS System for windows and internet platform.

PROFESSIONAL HIGHLIGHT:
Qualified skilled professional with extensive Design, Development Software and Computer experience
Demonstrated problem-solving skills and use administrative tools to produce reports all levels within a company
Highly motivated, strong personal initiative and self-directed
Ability to work independently and work as a team member
Spanish and English as a second language
Highly motivated to succeed and strong ability to rapidly learn new tools and technology

TECHNOLOGY SKILLS:
Programming Languages: Visual Basic 6, Visual Basic Net, ASP Net, Microsoft Visual Studio 2015,2017,2022, C#
Databases: Microsoft SQL Server 2008 - 2019, Microsoft Access 2010, design, install, create queries, update and stored procedures, create reports, and create backup and recovery procedures.
Tools/IDEs: Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 - 2022
Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap 4, Web API, Jason, React
Operating System: Windows 7, Windows 10, windows 11
Computer Maintenance: diagnose issues, troubleshoot, backup & recovery, internet connections, configure network/security/clean computer Virus.
Concepts: Software Development Lifecycle (Analysis, Design, Coding, Testing, Deploying, Maintenance), Object Oriented Design and Programming

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Inge-Soft.com Company Web Site
This web site show my services and products offers to my clients, actually is working and I am trying to improve with new features,, actually is working and I am trying to improve with new features

Migration Process from Visual Basic 6 Code to Visual Basic Net Code

2018 - Present

The migration process includes:

Upgrade problematic syntax and controls. Use of certain syntax and control versions will cause you a lot of trouble. Replace obsolete syntax like, only upgrade necessary VB.NET code.
Fix data declarations. Redefined Type variables for use in the new platform.
Load the code in VB.NET. and Let the VB.Net upgrade wizard do its job.
Compile & fix cycle. Fixed all the compiler issues.
Testing: Tested program to make sure it works as expected, fixed any errors, repeat.
Software: Visual Basic 6, Visual Basic Net, SQL Server 2017

o
POS System and Credit Card Process Integration
2022 - Present

It's a service that allow authorize the Credit Card and Debit Card directly from my own POS System (Retail Grocery or Restaurants) to the Bank or Credit Card Company offering to business a Payment Processing Gateway simplified and Efficiency,
Software: Visual Basic Net, SQL Server 2017, Windows API
Company Processor: NMI Payment Gateway, Nuvei Technology

o
POS Systems for Retails Business (On Site)
Feb 2012 - Present

It is a software solution that manages all areas of a retail organization in one, single or Network integrated system. The Retail Management System integrates retailer's point of sale and inventory management.
This system help you save time and money and improve productivity and business performance.
In General the system can integrate the information from Products, Customers, Providers and employees allow to generate details information about how to is run the business.

Software : Microsoft Visual Basic, Sql Server 2008, ActiveX Control,.
o
Restaurant Management Software (On Site)
Jan 2008 - Present
It is a software solution that manages all areas (Service, Control, Liquidation, Promotions,Payments etc.. ) of a Restaurant organization in one single or Network integrated system. This Restaurant Management System specifically designed to meet the needs of most food service business.

Software : Microsoft Visual Basic, Sql Server 2008, ActiveX Control, Windows API
OTHER PROJECTS:
Jan 2011 - Feb 2013Jan 2011 - Feb 2013
Security Management System
Reports Management System
Menus and Navigations Management Systems
Web Online Store Prototype

Restaurant Online Store
2021 - Present
Restaurant online ordering systems are software platforms that use electronic commerce that allow customers to place orders for delivery or pickup from restaurants via the internet using a web browser running in a Desktop, Table, or Smartphone.

This Platform was Developed based on the requirements of the business also including graphics, effects, animations, functionality, and features.

Software:
Visual Studio 2017, Sql Server 2019, Net Technologies, Web API, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap.

Retails Grocery and Clothes Online Store
2021 - Present
Retail grocery online ordering systems are software platforms that use electronic commerce that allows customers to place orders for delivery or pickup from Supermarkets and Clothes Store via the internet using a web browser running in a Desktop, Tablet, or Smartphone.

This Platform was Developed based on the requirements of the business also including graphics, effects, animations, functionality, and features.

Software:
Visual Studio 2017, Sql Server 2019, Net Technologies, Web API, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap.

Customer Information

“El Caporal “ Mexican Bar and Grill
Software : Restaurant POS System

6011 Taylersville Rd
Mason, OH
513-***-****
Owner : Pedro Mesa

EDUCATION/ CERTIFICATION:
Software Engineer, Antioquia University, Medellín, (Colombia), Information technology
Quality Control Management- Post Grade, Antioquia University, Medellín, (Colombia)
H&R Block Income Tax Course- Cincinnati, OH
Online Course of Net Software Development and Web Application
Contact this candidate