P a g e * *
George Calve
BS Computer Engineering
Rochester institute of Technology
New York, NY 10018, US • ad7x0u@r.postjobfree.com
703-***-****
Software Engineering
Tech-savvy and solutions-focused professional, offering comprehensive experience within the IT industry. Proven success spearheading activities of multiple games, applications, and software development projects from start to finish within the budget and timeframe. Adept at determining and meeting clients’ needs for ensuring their maximum satisfaction/retention. Ability to troubleshoot complex technical issues for improved efficiency. Elite communicator and presenter, with an innate ability to cultivate and maintain professional relations with key clients and stakeholders. Valuable collaborator, with the capacity to interact closely with across teams to achieve significant outcomes. Committed to staying abreast with emerging tools and technologies to inform strategic business decisions and foster growth.
Career Experience: C# • Live Service Maintenance • Python• Agile Methodology • Continuous Integration • PostgreSQL • MongoDB Meta, NYC 2021 to 2023
Software Engineer
Skills: C#, C++, Hack (php), Python, mercurial, and Unity Played a key role as of only two individuals on-call for several months to provide critical support for the 'download your information'
(DYI) service. Redesigned testing framework for DYI and improved efficiency by automating test assignment to product stakeholders. Completed the successful transition of DYI project management takes to a team based in London. Key Contributions:
Oversaw the development and management of software for enabling users of Instagram, Facebook, and Messenger to access comprehensive reports on stored data, while facilitating law enforcement requests.
Maintained operational stability of key systems during a 100-fold increase in usage, following Russia's ban on Facebook and ensuring uninterrupted user access to data.
Enhanced the efficiency of building and testing processes for Horizon Worlds, optimizing performance and user experience. Software Engineer, Virgina 2011 to 2018
Allied Associates International
Skills: Reverse engineering, HTTP protocol, C#, and Zip Provided second-line technical support for a live application, implementing daily fixes in response to client requests. Performed multiple updates to compression libraries to efficiently handle malformed files. Key Contributions:
Contributed to sensitive DOJ C# projects, controlled diverse and evolving file types, including network traffic parsing, often without existing documentation on file formats.
Engaged in live, time-sensitive production environment by reviewing and implementing emergency patches. P a g e 2 2
IBM, Boston 2020 to 2021
Software Engineer
Skills: C#, Excell plugin, LINQ, Jenkins
Maintained an Excel plugin in C# that connects to a TM1 server. Fixing customer facing bugs and adding requested features. Key Contributions:
Fixed continuous integration service so it ran all unit tests.
Worked with a key client on custom search features.
Initiated and lead several code review sessions.
Advisor for junior developers
Boston Lighthouse, Boston 2020 to 2021
Software Engineer
Skills: Python, JavaScript, PostgreSQL, and MongoDB Spearheaded the formation of the inaugural team of developers for the startup. Tailored a recently updated software that designed for a Boston hospital to suit specific requirements of a client located outside the US. Key Contributions:
Developed a tool and transferred data from the Jackson Laboratory database to MongoDB, while integrating data with an AI system to identify valid cancer studies effectively.
Upgraded DNA sequence analysis software by transitioning from Python 2 to Python 3 and integrating a new testing framework for optimizing system reliability and functionality.
Increased cancer treatment precision in Brazil by developing an Azure-based application that analyzes RNA to recommend targeted treatment options, leveraging knowledge bases for comprehensive reports.
Contact this candidate