GENERAL INFORMATION
Software engineer with more than 14 years of experience delivering software, from Financial SaaS to helping companies on cloud migration. Self driven and comfortable working in diverse teams.
WORK HISTORY
Software Engineer
Vivid Cloud, 2022- Present
VividCloud is a software development services company focused on cloud and IoT. Clients are found in the Insurance, Financial Services, Industrial, and Healthcare Technology industries and it delivers Cloud Migration, Application Modernization, Containerization, Serverless Applications, IoT and Industrial IoT, DevOps, Cloud Cost Optimization, and Generative AI Solutions services. I worked in the following projects for various companies using Python, Java, C# among other languages.
Healthcare Diagnostic Project:
Updated Ci/CD adding testing automation to assure functionality code for the Healthcare Diagnostic project, automated Jira status to provide up to date statuses on tickets to give teams a clearer view of the sprint and accurate statuses and laid ground framework for automated testing leveraging cucumber to create maintainable test cases, created test examples for future engineers to decrease the learning curve.
Home/Renter Insurance project:
Refactored code for client to increase maintainability of code base by breaking large rule sets into individual classes based on topic, moved rule system from on-premises to Cloud to increase up time and scalability while decreasing operating costs for client and used cloud monitoring services (datadog) to trouble-shoot/debug issues more quickly.

Co-founder and CTO
Wempo Conscious Consulting, 2019 -Present
Consulting company focused on the advising and developing of digital transformation and innovation within educational organizations and small businesses. Responsible for strategic vision and technology decisions, managing the tech team, and implementing Agile methodology

Software Developer
Freelance Consultant, 2017-2022
Free lance software development for start ups and small business within a variety of industries including OCR projects in java, tools for managing database, stock Market data collecting and cleaning data.

Software Engineer 2
Morningstar/ByAllAccounts, 2010 - 2017
Java back end, maintained spider modules used to crawl thousands of financial websites, FTP servers, quicken servers and other services to gather client financial data. maintained and enhanced file parser components to ensure complete and proper extraction of data, formal up-front specification/design doc with scheduling breakdown, developed tools to more easily debug problem navigational code.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming languages: Java, C/C++, C#, SQL, JavaScript, Python
RDBM: MySQL, Oracle
Software: SVN, Git, VisualStudio, Eclipse, InteliJ
EDUCATION SUMMARY
Amazon
AWS Developer Associate Certificate
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Certificate (2018)
Data Science and Big Data Analytics: Making Data-Driven Decisions
Champlain College
B.S. Science: Software Engineering (2010)
Undergraduate degree in Software Engineering
Software Engineering Club
Implemented the Champlain College Green Building Animated Dashboard
Southern Maine Community College
Associates of Liberal Arts - Mathematics (2006)
SOFT SKILLS
Adaptability to change
Approachability
Experience managing small teams and leading scrum standups
Excellent inter-personal communication
Contact this candidate