Greg Cline
Newton, MA *****
617-***-**** ad7y1z@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/principalanalyst
Profile
Principal market analyst and prior software engineer with extensive consulting/program management experience in the software/SaaS, semiconductor, and life sciences industries. Skilled in market intelligence, competitive intelligence, TAM/SAM/SOM assessment and communicating market insights to bolster marketing and improve business decisions. Founded and expanded multiple advisory services practices. Data-driven thought leader who tells stories through analytics, conveyed at industry events, and in white papers, blogs, videos, web, social media, email/IM, speeches, webinars, benchmarking assessments, interactive video briefs, infographics, and eBooks.
Areas of Expertise
Market Analysis, Synthesis, and Meta-Analysis
Market Intelligence
Program/Project Management
Knowledge Management
Market Strategy/Planning
Product Evangelism
Qualitative and Quantitative Research
Confluence, Jira, Teams
Tableau, Google Analytics, Qualtrics

Professional Experience
AMPERE COMPUTING, Santa Clara, CA (Remote) 2021 – 2023

Market Intelligence Manager
Track and analyze Ampere's external business environment. Distill, synthesize, and communicate industry events and market data into insightful intelligence answering the question “what does this mean for our business?” Master strategy, tactics, and stories of cloud-native silicon for hyperscalers, the enterprise, and the edge.

Duties:
Trends Consulting: Advise senior management on data center server market trends.
Go To Market Strategy: Identify Tech Press & Analyst Luminaries for product launches
Market Insight: Write “Technology Intercepts”, “Market Tracker”, and “Insight of the Day” reports.
Knowledge Management: Built “Emma II” Confluence- and Jira-based market intelligence intranet site.
Research: Identify, curate and post research reports to Emma II (IDC, Bloomberg Intelligence, 50 others.)
Communicate: Notify 20+ stakeholder interest lists of reports and events of interest via Teams & Outlook.
Market Analysis: Prepare quarterly top-down server market model (TAM, SAM, SOM).
Content: Contribute / write selected social media posts for the Firm (Linkedin, X / Twitter, Facebook).

OMDIA, London England (Remote) 2021

Principal Research Analyst, Cloud and Data Center
Cover disruptive trends in data center compute and networking, such as emerging CPU architectures, co-processor adoption for AI and ML, and innovations in Ethernet adapter technology and SD-WAN. Also cover CPU offloads and workloads, the adoption of server architecture/standards such as OCP, and evolving requirements for efficiency, automation, disaggregation, and diversity in compute hardware, software, and silicon.

SEKISUI DIAGNOSTICS, Burlington, MA 2019 – 2020

Principal Research Analyst
Drive marketing stakeholder-driven quantitative and qualitative research.
Created/refreshed dashboards in social media metrics, clinical chemistry products, report tracking.
Investigated market sizing of new high-potential immunoassay and infectious disease assays.
Researched point-of-care trends in hematology, influenza/HbA1c testing, LATAM, EU IVDMR, and M&A.
Established cross-functional strategic partnerships to maximize market intelligence resources.
Tools: PowerPoint, Excel, Word, Tableau, Google Analytics, Demantra, AX, SharePoint CMS, Sprout Social.

ABERDEEN GROUP, Waltham, MA 2016 – 2019

Research Analyst, Manufacturing and Product Innovation & Engineering
Market Insights for Content Assets. Conducted primary research in Autonomous Systems, AI/Machine Learning, industrial IoT, industry 4.0, Digital Transformation, Blockchain, augmented/virtual reality, additive manufacturing, connected operations, MOM/MES, QMS, PLM, EHS, simulation, PCB/electronic design, and facilities management.
Established market-sensitive research agenda that related to critical operational topics and functions.
Met yearly practice quota in only six months, resulting in “Aberdeen Hardcore Award”.
Conducted vendor briefings, web surveys, and end-user interviews to collect primary market intelligence.
Delivered persuasive research content in multiple forms: short- and long-form white papers, blogs, videos, speeches, webinars, and eBooks at an accelerated pace to both create and satisfy market demand.
Tools: SAP Qualtrics, Snap Survey, PowerPoint, Excel, Word, Workzone CMS, Tableau.

INTEL CORPORATION, Santa Clara, CA 2001 – 2016

Market Intelligence Manager, Market Sizing & Forecasting, Sales & Marketing Group
Delivered strategic TAM / SAM / SOM consultation and actionable market insights to sales and marketing teams company-wide. Trusted advisor to senior managers and singular go-to source for insights comprehension. Managed the flow of market data to meet the needs of the global Intel enterprise.
Single-handedly ran company competitive intelligence intranet (“Emma”) serving 20,000+ employees.
Increased employee access to relevant, targeted market intelligence to 500,000 downloads/year.
Drove cross-organizational strategic partnerships leading to maximization of Intel resources.
Communicated market insights via personal interaction, intranet web site, social media, email, and IM.
Articulated Intel’s professional needs and issues to industry market analysts.
Group training in R Computer Language for market modeling.

INTEL NETWORK SYSTEMS, Bedford, MA 1999 – 2001
Strategic Product Market Analyst, VPN, Router, Remote Access, and Network Management
Acted as key in-house competitive analysis resource for product line management organization.
Delivered complete competitive picture of market demand for remote access and internetworking.
Improved market comprehension of VPN, DSL, remote access, routers, and management software.
Liaised with key industry research agencies and analysts at briefings, events, and trade shows.

NPD / IN-STAT, Newton, MA 1993 – 1999
Program Director/Principal Analyst, Internet Architecture Research Advisory Service (1995 – 1999)
Researched corporate implementation trends, ISP, e-commerce, security, VPNs, and emerging applications.
Developed In-Stat’s highly successful internet architecture research program.
Managed and grew the internet research business to $1.2M.
Developed survey content, wrote insights reports, research briefs, and white papers.
Conducted voice-of-the-enterprise/voice-of-the carrier studies across key vertical markets.
Led/moderated trade show forums and panels. Quoted extensively in trade and national business press.

Program Director, Network Integration & Management Research Advisory Service (1993 – 1999)
Founded, managed, grew, and executed syndicated research service for vendors covering network infrastructure issues, including internetworking, network management, remote access, the Internet, ATM switches, LAN, and WAN.

IDC / INFORMATION STRATEGIES GROUP, INC., Falls Church, VA 1990 – 1993
Director, Communications Technology Research Advisory Service
Led and contributed to technology assessment syndicated advisory service for Federal government IT users covering strategic and tactical planning for data, voice, and video networking.
Technology Experience
COMSAT, Washington, DC 1989 – 1990
Senior Networking Systems Analyst, World Systems Division
Contributed to global mission-critical messaging system components integrating X.25, X.400, X.500, EDI, LAN, WAN, and Telex.

YANKEE GROUP, Senior Analyst, Distributed Systems Planning Service & Consulting 1987 – 1989

DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORP., Networking Software Engineer II, UNIX Networks Groups 1982 – 1987

Education
Certificate in Business Analytics, Harvard Business School Online, Cambridge, MA
Master of Science, Computer & Information Science, Dartmouth College, Hanover, NH
Bachelor of Arts, Computer Science, Business Concentration, Phi Beta Kappa, University of Maine, Orono, ME
Bachelor of Science, Business Administration, Finance Concentration, Phi Kappa Phi, University of Maine, Orono, ME
Contact this candidate