Kevin T. Luddy
**** *********** *****
Mount Airy, MD 21771
443-***-****

Experience Summary

Mr. Luddy has over 25 years of experience as a software architect and engineer including all phases of software development, Initial architecture design and prototyping, documentation and coding in large systems, unit test and integration and system level test, integration and delivery. He also has experience in system architecture that includes web-based applications, real-time embedded, multi-threaded systems, graphical user interfaces and multithreaded, distributed real-time systems.

Education BS Engineering Science (EE emphasis)
Graduation with Honors, 3.4 GPA, Penn State University

Technical Experience

Hardware and Operating Systems: Linux, Windows, Unix

Software Technologies: MicroServices, .Net Core, C#, Entity Framework, C++, C, Java, JavaScript, React/ReactJS, Angular/AngularJS, XML, SVG, SSIS, SSRS, VB.Net, Visual Studio 2005/8/10/12/14/17/19/22, SQL Server 2005/8/12/16 Relational Database, Linq-to-SQL, Entity Framework, ADO.Net, Azure Dev Ops (CI/CD), CVS, Razor, JQuery, Subversion, Apache Web Server, Tomcat Servlet Engine.

Relevant Experience

Senior Software Engineer
Jun ‘21 – Present iDox Solutions, Bethesda, MD (Remote)

Mr. Luddy worked as a MS Dynamics 365 Architect / Developer – Performed system analysis, participated in requirements definition and development, performed architecture design and developed custom software in support of system migration of 20+ year old system of record from custom web/database to Power Platform / Dataverse / SharePoint implementation in Azure. Developed custom tools using C#/.Net/Typescript in support of time critical cutover event. Also migrated old system of record from on-prem to Azure. Architected and developed new D365 functionality and bug fixes using low code, custom Typescript with low-code and plug-ins (C# .Net) as needed. Also contributed as part of the development team supporting (Level 3) VA ORMDI E2 and CATS applications, researched potential solutions and developed tools which interfaced with off-the-shelf tools including ShareGate in support of data recovery and migration initiatives (C# .Net, JavaScript, HTML Visual Studio 2019, 2022) and participated in planning, implementing, and documentation activities supporting tier 2 and 3 helpdesk support

Senior Software Engineer
Jul ’22 – Feb ‘23 Lockheed Martin, Orlando, FL (Remote)

Mr. Luddy was a member the Enterprise Software .Net development team. Mr. Luddy worked on the Proposal Tracking Multitool project, developing web forms in C# .Net 6.0, jQuery and bootstrap using Visual Studio 2022, git, gitlab for cloud based CI/CD and Jira for sprint tracking with database development in MS/SQL Server using MS SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS). The software was developed in a TDD (automated testing) manner using object oriented principles, and integrated with Azure Cloud Dev Ops (CI/CD) integrated with gitlab and Jira to track issues and versions of the code.

Senior Lockbox MIS Support Software Developer
Feb ’22 – Oct ’22 PNC Bank, Pittsburgh, PA (Remote)

Mr. Luddy was a member the MIS lockbox support team for PNC. This involved coding in C++ and Perl for Unix targets to assist in converting files to acceptable client formats using the ARS Lockbox system as a data source and data channel. This also included a Windows Forms application to test some of the interfaces.

Senior Lead .Net Core Software Developer (MicroServices and WebApps)
Aug ’21 – Jul ’22 TreCom Systems, Harrisburg, PA (Remote)

Mr. Luddy was the sole developer/architect on a legal services project developing web forms in C# .Net 5/6 (.Net Core). – Migrated .Net 4 code base to .Net 6 - Used Razor, JQuery, MVC, Azure Dev Ops and SQL Server Relational Database 2019 with Dapper ORM to implement responsive design. Used Google Apps Script to create GoogleDocs based legal notes for field use. The software was developed in a TDD (automated testing) manner using object oriented principles, and integrated with Azure Cloud DevOps (CI/CD) with occasional script customization and Jira to track sprint items/issues and versions of the code.

Senior Lead .Net Core Software Developer (MicroServices and WebApps)
Feb ’19 – Nov ‘20 ITnova, Baltimore, MD (Hybrid)

Worked 2 simultaneous projects as a senior lead developer / architect for ITnova at the Maryland State Police and Maryland Department of Health. In each project, I was the sole software architect on the project (one system implemented REST and SOAP based MicroServices in .Net Core using TDD (Test Driven Development) C# and Entity Framework, the other is a customized app from Conduent). I participated in designing the systems from initial requirements. Maryland State Police requirement is to act as a funnel for local jurisdiction crime reporting data (XML formatted) up to the FBI. Result must be NIBRS compliant but input from low budget jurisdictions to high dollar large county police departments. Assisted in installation, maintenance and performance concerns for Esri ARCGIS and ESRI COTS collector for the map-based portions of the application. Used Google Apps Script to create GoogleDocs based monthly management reports for consumption away from the office. Combined new functionality with existing in-car Windows Forms / web forms application for the State Police. For MDH, Maryland Medicaid is upgrading their point of sale systems to 2019 technology (from 2006, approximately). Web forms apps interfacing with the .Net Core API and Azure Dev Ops (CI/CD) and C# developed in a TDD (automated testing) manner using object oriented principles. The product was developed with support for internal staff work processes. I detailed these designs at the architecture level.

Senior Java Lead Software Developer (MicroServices and Custom Backend Data Conversion)
Dec‘16 – July ‘18 Verizon, Ashburn, VA

Mr. Luddy worked as part of a team developing java REST based MicroService web forms applications using TDD (Test Driven Development) to help modernize aging workhorse applications using Java, Oracle, Used Jenkins CI/CD with modification of pre-existing script templates as needed. Created ReactJS and AngularJS stand-alone-web-applications to quickly interface to the created microservices for test and demo to help with technology adoption. Used Cloud Foundry and Neo4j on Linux targets based on object oriented principles. This Cloud Transformation utilized tools which include Eclipse, Git, Spring Boot, Maven, AWS Cloud S3 storage over an AWS Cloud managed VPN.

.Net Core Software Developer
Aug‘16 – Dec’16 Duke Energy Corporation, Charlotte, NC

Mr. Luddy is working as part of a team developing mobile applications using web forms, MicroServices, .Net Core, Entity Framework, Razor, SQL Server Relational Database, UWP and Windows 10. Tools employed include Visual Studio 2016, TFS, C# and .Net Core. Used Jenkins CI/CD with modification of pre-existing script templates as needed. Additionally, the code was developed in a TDD (automated testing) manner using object oriented principles. The microservices were access through both the web and through Windows Forms applications running on the latest Microsoft Tablet technology. Created ReactJS and AngularJS stand-alone-web-applications to quickly interface to the created microservices for test and demo to help with technology adoption.

Principal .Net Software Developer
May‘15 – May’16 Xerox Services Corporation, Mount Airy, MD

Mr. Luddy worked as a principal software developer for the XCM project on the Advanced Services Team at Xerox Services. XCM is a call center application, developed using Microsoft Technologies including Visual Studio 2013, .Net, WPF, Windows Forms, Razor, C# and SQL Server 2012 Relational Database. XCM leveraged GIT for windows (Visual Studio Extension) for version control. Mr. Luddy’s primary assignments were to work as part of a remote (work from home) based team and to code, test and deploy functional upgrades and bug fixes for the XCM .Net multi-threaded application, from which customer based implementations were extended. Additionally, the code was developed in a TDD (automated testing) manner using object oriented principles.

Mr. Luddy also worked on support of a web/mobile solution for resurfacing web content using HTTP protocol stream modification. This project leveraged Microsoft Cloud Services to enable quick setup and take down of test environments.

Lead Software Architect/ Web API Implementation Specialist
Sep‘14 – May’16 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ University of Tampa, Tampa, FL

Mr. Luddy authored, designed and implemented a mobile application for the University of Tampa, Athletic Marketing Department. The web form application was adapted for iOS, Android and other mobile platforms using PhoneGap. It provided a way for them to keep their event schedule in the cloud and access it though a Google Apps Script. He also integrated the application with forecast.io and Google using Google Apps Scripting to integrate with Google Sheets and Google Maps so that event time weather and directions could be accessed through the app. The app, underneath the Apache Cordova covers, is an HTML5 web forms / Web API application. When alternatively hosted, it worked fine as a stand alone web application. Angular JS and jquery were used to create an interactive tool in the creation of the web version. The Apache Cordova wrapper allowed it to adapt as a phone app for IOS and Android devices. The code was written to be responsive in design to allow it to be used on multiple different devices with different resolutions and display scales.

Lead Software Architect/ .Net Implementation Specialist
Jan‘14 – Jan’15 Oxford International. @ Biomet, Warsaw, IN

Mr. Luddy worked as a .Net consultant on the Signature project for Biomet. The Signature project’s goal was to provide a web form based application with a web-enabled, service level architecture to support, in a more real-time fashion, the Signature business line for Biomet. Biomet’s Signature product ingests X-Ray and MRI images using the Filenet Cloud Storage Service APIs and creates a 3-D model from which to create surgical guides for shoulder, hip or knee replacement or repair. This included creating SOAP based windows services and WCF web API with Razor front end to support HTTP requests to the pipeline of multi-threaded applications needing to be employed to take the data from input to creation at output of a menu of plans for a surgeon within 30 minutes. Development was performed in .Net and C# using VS 2013 with Team Foundation Server (TFS). An SQL Server 2012 relational database was employed to support multiple nodes in a parallel pipeline processing system. T-SQL stored procedures were employed to simplify node-to-database interactions. Octopus was used for deployment management. Angular JS and jquery were used to create an interactive tool to monitor system health during the integration phase of the project.

Implementation Specialist
Oct ‘13 – Oct ’13 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ Gizmo Creative, Mount Airy, MD
Mr. Luddy was responsible for bug fixes for a web site hosted on a LAMP stack using WordPress. Mr. Luddy modified JavasScript, PHP code and WordPress templates to complete the tasks assigned.

Implementation Specialist
Jun‘13 – Aug’13 TEK Systems. @ Williams & Connolly, LLP, Washington, DC

Mr. Luddy worked as.Net consultant on various projects for WC. This included creating web forms solutions in VS 2012 with Team Foundation Server (TFS) for thumbnail image creation, appointment calendar export/import and report generation using DevExpress XtraReports. Also created a web application using MVC 4/Razor, HTML5, JQuery with ExtJS controls. All projects utilized .Net and C#.

Lead Software Architect/.Net Implementation Specialist
Feb ‘00-Jun ’13 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc @ Oculearn, LLC, Mount Airy, MD

Mr. Luddy is performing all of the software development for Oculearn, a private, web-based portal that allows patients to be prescreened for different types of vision processing disorders. The application continues to be developed and refreshed as technology advances. Most recently the web forms application was ported to iOS, Android and other mobile platforms using PhoneGap.

The original application was developed to a membership model that allows doctors to prescribe and manage vision therapy and patients to log in and perform prescribed therapeutic modules over the internet or intranet. The original development was performed using HTML/DHTML, JQuery, Java, JavaScript and JSP/J2EE using both the Tomcat and Resin servlet engines. Mr. Luddy ported the application from a Java/JSP/MySQL implementation to C# .Net with Telerik controls /MS SQL Server 2008 relational database implementation with Razor front end prior to its incarnation as a mobile device based application exercising Web APIs for backend communications.

Software Architect/Implementation Specialist
Feb ‘13 – Jun ‘13 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ StreamTech Engineering, LLC, Mount Airy, MD
Mr. Luddy is responsible for the user interface design and implementation of a barcode reader application being adapted to several different client applications related to automated shipping/packing and quality assurance of the same. Code was developed for a Windows Mobile 6.1 platform using C# with Telerik controls, WCF Services and a Dependency Inversion/Dependency Injection approach to interfacing the barcode scanner to various client implementations.

.Net Implementation Specialist
Mar ‘13 – May ‘13 TEK Systems. @ Charmer Sunbelt Group, Inc, Annapolis Junction, MD

Mr. Luddy worked as an integral member of the .Net consultants team on the Mobility project for CSG. The CSG Mobility project makes available, through a mobile UI, the pertinent sales and goal tracking systems necessary for a mobile connected sales force. Data was provided using several custom .Net applications leveraging a Microsoft technology stack with Telerik controls. Mr. Luddy was involved with mining data using SSIS, SSRS, MS SQL Server 2008 relational database, Razor and Microsoft Service Bus technology while developing software using Visual Studio 2010 with Team Foundation Server (TFS).

.Net Implementation Specialist
Oct ‘12 – Feb ‘13 ACI Group @ Prometric, Inc, Baltimore, MD

Mr. Luddy modified C# (.Net) and JavaScript (SENCHA/ExtJS 2, 3 and 4) code to implement web forms UI changes required for a testing candidate management system. These enhancements used the latest version of ExtJS (4) while receiving enhanced functionality. Other pages not requiring a functional upgrade were migrated from ExtJS 3 to ExtJS 4. Still other pages not requiring functional upgrade were left at ExtJS version 3 or 2 for programmatic reasons. The system employed a SQL Server 2008 database and Mr. Luddy was responsible for modifying stored procedures to fulfill functional requirements. All work was done using Microsoft VS 2010 with Team Foundation Server (TFS).

Software Architect/Implementation Specialist
July ‘12 – Nov ‘12 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ QED Connect Corporation, Mount Airy, MD

Mr. Luddy modified PHP5 code using PHP codelighter MVC framework and Drupal for web portals supporting membership and business services for QEDConnect and its member companies. Added auto-news update to members emails. Also integrated yahoo financial widgets into the site using REST AJAX calls. The portal was hosted on a LAMP stack through a 3rd party hosting service.

.Net Implementation Specialist
June ‘11 – Aug ‘12 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ Bechtel Corporation, Frederick, MD

Mr. Luddy developed code using Visual Studio 2005 in Asp.Net 2.0, C#, JavaScript, and HTML with a SQL Server 2005 back end to support of worldwide corporate applications to support a web forms application serving as a tool for internal business processes for staffing augmentation and requisition tracking. He also developed code in PHP/javascript to support a legacy web application to track required reading for a project under Nuclear Regulatory quality process constraints. He also developed code in HTML5/CSS3/Javascript to support an internal XML application to present generic HTML5 based forms of varying schema for data collection. This application used a Google Apps script to access Google Sheet based data. This application was built to HTML5/CSS3 Web development standards to run on a desktop as well as an iPad and iPhone. He also supported existing internal business applications based on SSIS and SSRS. He prototyped the use of PhoneGap to deploy an Android compatible version. He also worked on a Google Apps Script application to map cell phone tower locations on a Google Map and correlate that data with Google Sheets information to allow for internal business analysis of cell phone tower construction projects.

.Net Implementation Specialist
Aug ‘11 – Sep ‘11 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ Broadcast Sports, Inc., Hanover, MD

Mr. Luddy developed code using Visual Studio 2005 in VB.Net for the Windows Mobile 5.0 SDK platform and developed code using Visual Studio 2008 in .Net, C# to create a web forms application and associated WCF SOAP based web service to support handheld communication with corporate (automated). The VB.Net code with Telerik controls upgraded functionality for a mobile, multi-threaded bar-scanning device for efficient collection and transmission of inventory parts list being sent to Broadcast Sports’ event locations.

Software Architect/.Net Implementation Specialist, Rockville, MD
Mar ‘11 – Jul ‘11 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ American Red Cross

Mr. Luddy developed code using Visual Studio 2010 in .Net, C#, Telerik controls, Linq-To-SQL, JavaScript, HTML and Google Charts with a SQL Server 2008 and Oracle 8 back end to support the American Red Cross effort to create web forms based dashboards for interdepartmental tracking and communication. He led an Agile development team of 5 members with weekly iterations to modify and create a code base in support of a functional requirements provided by an internal customer. Utilized Adobe Photoshop to prepare logo and page header images.

.Net Implementation Specialist
Nov ‘10 – Feb ‘11 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ JobFox, Tysons Corner, VA

Mr. Luddy developed code using Visual Studio 2008 in Asp.Net 2.0, C#, Telerik controls and T-SQL, JavaScript, HTML with a SQL Server 2005 back end to support Jobfox’s online resume match and job search business. He worked an Agile development team of 8 members with weekly iterations to modify and create a code base in support of functional requirements provided by an internal customer.

Implementation Specialist
May ‘10 – Jan ‘11 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ NORC, Bethesda, MD

Mr. Luddy developed code using Visual Studio 2008 in .Net, C#, JavaScript, Telerik controls and HTML with a SQL Server 2008 back end and a Windows Forms application to support the OMH Performance Data System grant management portal. Also supported the Data Enclave project by updating MOSS/Sharepoint templates through Visual Studio 2005 and deploying using MOSS/Sharepoint server objects.

.Net Implementation Specialist
Oct ’09 – Apr ‘10 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ Data Tree, Inc., Gaithersburg, MD

Mr. Luddy developed code using Visual Studio 2008 in Asp.Net 3.5, C#, JavaScript, and HTML with a SQL Server 2008 back end to support the PAGE grant management portal developed for the Department of Energy. Supported tight, production-grade, 1-week spirals for bug fix releases and functional enhancements based on user feedback. Data layer employed both LINQ and ADO.net methodologies for data access. Project leveraged Telerik .Net controls for many user interface items.

.Net Implementation Specialist
Feb ‘10 – Mar ‘10 Pangia Technologies @ BioStat Solutions, Inc., Mount Airy, MD

Mr. Luddy was the lead on a small team that generated a system/software requirements document for a Genetic Results Database (GRD) web portal to support development of a GRD web portal for BioStat that would withstand the rigors of biostatistical analysis and FDA audit requirements. Requirements generation required meeting with end users to determine function and usage of the portal. Generated agile methodology documentation in support of the requirements document including use cases, use case diagram and data flow diagram. Sketched preliminary design based on assumption of use of Microsoft development tools, IIS (.Net 3.5) and SQL Server 2008.

Software Architect/.Net Implementation Specialist
Jun ’08 – Nov ‘09 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ Cherokee Information Systems, Arlington, VA

Mr. Luddy designed the software architecture for and developed code using Visual Studio 2005 and Visual Studio 2008 in Asp.Net, C#, JavaScript, and HTML to support the AMLIS modernization effort for the Department of the Interior, a web application/portal to provide access for lawmakers at the federal and state level to view and maintain project data for Abandoned Mine Lands. The presentation included a map-based display using ESRI ArcGIS WEB MAP Server, and was coded in C#/Asp.Net with a SQL Server 2008 back end. AJAX calls were leveraged to enhance the user experience. Also coded VB.Net web application to support DOI OSM web presence. This application included a SQL Server 2008 back end. Utilized Adobe Photoshop to prepare logo and page header images. Utilized ESRI MAP Server management software to manage maps and ensure high-performance. Interfaced to ESRI MAP software included gaining knowledge of ESRI’s use of the Dojo javascript toolkit.

Mr. Luddy designed custom UI web pages using Enterprise Elements with an Oracle back end to support the Dietary Supplement Labels Database data entry project. Enterprise Elements offers the developer a custom tag library that, along with customized XSLT transforms, allows the developer to leverage Enterprise Elements rich web application support function set while developing customized pages to user’s specifications.

Software Architect/Implementation Specialist
Mar ’08 – Jul ’08, Jan ’09 – Jun ‘09 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ Arinc, Annapolis, MD

Mr. Luddy designed the software architecture for and developed code in JavaScript, HTML and Python to support a web based application and portal to control the Multi-Service Ground Station application by allowing remote control of the ground station via the portal. Mr. Luddy was responsible for the overall application architecture as well as the functional requirement that the resulting web application function well over a 9.6Kb connection. AJAX and Apache server configuration settings were leveraged to make the performance requirement a reality.

Mr. Luddy also further developed the MSGS application and also developed a web-based Configuration File Generation Tool built to exacting specifications for production use in the fielding of the MSGS ground stations. The tool leveraged web technology by running on a Linux based Apache server and being developed in HTML/Javascript to perform the UI functions and Python to support CGI access to the server I/O and process information.

Instructional Specialist
Mar ’08 – Apr ‘08 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ NetCom, California, MD

Mr. Luddy was the instructor for a beginner Java programming course. The course was taught to COBOL programming veterans and was taught using the “element K” professional training series. The course also featured real world examples in both Java, J2EE and Java Server Pages (JSP) developed for the class by Mr. Luddy.

.Net Implementation Specialist
May ’07 – Mar ‘08 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ Unisys, Reston, VA

Mr. Luddy developed code using Visual Studio 2005 in C# for the Windows .Net 3.0 environment. Application was used in developing Unisys’ core security framework functionality. Mr. Luddy also supported the SBInet field deployment which included debugging video streaming problems, multi-threading issues, network problems, Windows Server 2003 application problems (via event log analysis), and CISCO/Broadware Linux based video management software. Mr. Luddy also developed a WCF based logging library that leveraged the log4net open source project. Mr. Luddy coded the WCF SOAP interface to log4net in .Net 3.5 using Visual Studio 2008. This application was then integrated with existing SBInet applications to transform their existing logging capabilities to be WCF based. Supported field integration testing requiring MSMQ analysis of various PubSub applications relating to field devices within range of local tower WANs.

Implementation Specialist
Aug ’06 – Dec ‘07 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc @ Accenture, Bowie, MD

Mr. Luddy developed code using Visual Studio 2005 in C# and html/ASP.Net for the Windows Mobile 5.0 SDK environment using compact framework 2.0. Application was used in updating application software to the handheld device as part of the Census Bureau’s Field Data Collection Automation project. Also developed language admin web portal in ASP.Net/HTML/Javascript/C# to support developers use of different languages for the multi-threaded, handheld application. Oracle back end. Also developed Enrollment Server web service that accepted input from the handheld, validated user input and created an Active Directory (LDAP/AD) account and made necessary database updates to support user validation in different realms (CDMA, dial-up, Active Sync). Utilized various industry standard LDAP debug tools to debug secure an open LDAP requests.

Implementation Specialist
Feb ’06 –Aug ‘06 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc @ IADMD.org, Mount Airy, MD

Mr. Luddy developed code using Visual Studio 2005 in C# and html for the .Net (2.0) environment. Database access was done via SQL Server. Implemented pages using Master Pages. Developed interactive pages for classified advertising and integrated varying pieces (some .net 1.1, some .net 2.0, some ASP.Net) into the overall template scheme. Utilized Adobe Photoshop to prepare logo and page header images.

Software Architect/Implementation Specialist
August ’03-January ’08 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc @ Rockwell Collins, Sterling, VA

Mr. Luddy lead a team of 3 engineers in the design/development of the CEC (Cooperative Engagement Capability) portion of a Navy E2C Hawkeye Weapons Systems Training Device. Coding was done in C and OO/C++ on a Linux and Solaris platforms in a highly networked environment. Mr. Luddy developed a multi-threaded, packet sniffing application for this effort as well as negotiating and designing an interface to the Wrap Around Simulation Program (WASP) developed by the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory.

Implementation Specialist
May ’05-September ‘05 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ Computer Sciences Corporation, Rockville, MD

Mr. Luddy developed code in OO/ADA for the ERAM project. Wrote a socket interface package in Ada to interface to the Lockheed Martin interface for the ATIP data connection.

Software Architect/Implementation Specialist
May ’04-March ‘05 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ Xceed Corporation., Tysons Corner, VA

Mr. Luddy developed an AJAX based web application and portal for the analysis of cell phone test data for Sprint. Dynamic code was generated with a C# server side component. Generated maps using SVGMapMaker from MapInfo maps. Result was then customized via javascript and integrated with HTML front end. Using Microsoft .NET development environment, developed client (javascript) and server (C#) side code to interact with MS SQL Server database and embedded SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics – an XML application). Also generated XML on server side for maximum client/server efficiency. Also wrote offline Perl scripts for converting MapInfo generated SVG maps to SVG maps in a different coordinate space so the resulting maps were aligned on the final web page. Generated web services for mapping interface which included: Address location using 2 different address databases. First, www..melissadata.com was used to lookup a lat/lon for a provided address, if melissadata.com was unavailable or the address request failed for some other reason, a local database was queried for the information - this was done by embedding an extra web request object within the web request for the address location. When the web request was received by the server, the extra web request was constructed via parsing the original request. The resulting web response object was a conglomeration of the web response from the melissadata request as well as the response from the original request. Javascript was used on the client side to insert the resulting SVG object (a dot) into the existing map without causing a page refresh if the original address was valid, Also created database queries based on map configuration to color code map areas based on cell carriers' coverage and frequency band assignments. Again this was done so the map could update color codings without performing a page reload.

Implementation Specialist
June ’02-January ‘03 KTL Applied Sciences, Inc. @ Dot21 Real-Time Systems.

Mr. Luddy was responsible for the system and software engineering of Java Swing GUI code for portions of a navy radar contact display system.

Mr. Luddy was also responsible for the development of the dot21 Web Based Diagnostic portal and the ACT Technico RAIDStor Web interface portal. These portals involved writing multi-threaded server software in C++ that runs on a VxWorks OS on a Motorola embedded processor board. The application responds to http requests using the goahead (www.goahead.com) embedded web server. The http responses contain pertinent, cross-browser compatible HTML and JavaScript to present a control and status panel for the Motorola Built
Contact this candidate