RUSLAN NURIMBETOV
Embedded Systems and Software Engineer Tacoma, WA ad7ygk@r.postjobfree.com +1-206-***-**** Professional Statement
Embedded systems and software engineer with combined experience of over 4+ years, currently pursuing my MS degree.
Education
Masters of Science in Computer Science and Systems Expected June 2024 University of Washington
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering 2016 Purdue University
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Engineering 2021 South-Kazakhstan State University
Skills
● Programming languages: Assembly Language, C/С++, MATLAB, Python, MySQL/SQL, Java
● EagleCad, OrCAD, Simulink, PSpice0, EasyEDA
● I2C, SPI, UART, RS232/RS485/Modbus, CAN
● RTOS/FreeRTOS, Linux, BareMetal, AWS, Google Clouds, Azure IOT
● ARM, x86, Atmel
● TCP/IP, MQTT, HTTP, BLE, OTA
● Languages: English (Advanced), Turkish (Intermediate), Russian (Advanced), Kazakh (Fluent) Related Graduate level Coursework:
Machine Learning, Distributed Systems, Cybersecurity, Database Systems Design, Internet of Things. FPGA/ASIC design.
Work Experience
Embedded Systems Engineer - Beeline - Almaty, Kazakhstan March 2021 to Present
● Greenhouse IOT system. Designed and built an IOT system that used ESP32 (FreeRTOS AWS) as a main controller, a Сloud Service and MQTT as a means of connection. The main goal of the system was to remotely monitor the health of plants and soil in a greenhouse and provide nutrients through an App.
● The data collected from sensors were to be stored and analyzed later to provide feedback and reason for a certain yield. The project successfully was commercialized and launched. (I2C, OTA, Amazon AWS, IOT, FreeRTOS)
● Weather station (Agriculture IOT/Lora) Designed and built a Weather station using ESP32 as a main controller, the station collected up to 13 different accurate parameters that were sent to a cloud service where statistics and predictive analysis were made. The Project was successfully used and installed on commercial greenhouses and fields. (I2C, OTA, Amazon AWS, FreeRTOS)
● Due to limited resources PSRAM was used and in order to process images, MQTT was switched over to HTTP.
Embedded Systems Engineer - LLC Rakurs Tech - Almaty, Kazakhstan January 2020 to March 2021
● Designed Lidar mount using Micro Ins system - a UAV (DJI Matrice 200) mount to scan 3d models of sites with highly precise georeferencing.
● Completed GIS data processing with QGIS
● Developed a power monitoring system for a server room (Google Cloud and Raspberry Pi)
● Designed and built a dolly that was used for measuring electric conductivity of soil. The acquired data was georeferenced and stored in CSV format on an SD card.
● COVID cases prediction model using on Python using Markov Chains and Numpy
● Minor Front end support (Django, React.js)
IT Support Specialist - LLC AgritechHUB - Almaty, Kazakhstan September 2018 to December 2019
● Developed a data collection app using Collect Earth for FAO (Private Software)
● Google Earth Engine GIS analysis (C#)
● GIS Data processing with QGIS and ArcGIS (Python) Robotics teacher/project manager - STEM-edu September 2016 to July 2018
● Designed and taught an educational program for students on C/C++ language and Arduino UNO Robotics course.
● Developed educational as well as industrial electronics projects that involve microcontrollers like Atmega328 and Texas Instruments TIVA32.
● Developed Python educational exercises as well as real life application programs for High school and University level courses in Oil and Gas Higher Education.
Contact this candidate