SHIVANGI AMIN
QA Manual/ Software Test Engineer
Phone - +1-469-***-****
Email – ad7z7d@r.postjobfree.com/
ad7z7d@r.postjobfree.com
Work Authorization – US Citizen
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
● Currently working as a Software Test Engineer A2 having 6+ years of Professional experience
● In depth understanding of QA methodology, Functional testing, lean six sigma management, Project Management, Business analytics, Software development life cycle (SDLC) and Software testing life cycle (STLC).
● Good knowledge in defect management life cycle and excellent knowledge in raising defects in JIRA.
● Overall experience in Quality Engineer and Software Testing in different domain along with POS and Retail
● Extensive knowledge in Salesforce and Zendesk plugin testing.
● Proficient in API testing (Soap/Rest) using JMeter and Postman.
● Experience in working with developers to find root cause with the help of Pareto diagram, Cause effect diagram.
● Performed verification and validation testing. Have independent experience in verification and validation.
● Involved in multiple knowledge transfer and training sessions of new employees.
● Knowledge in lean six sigma management – White and Yellow Belt. TECHINICAL SKILLS:
SOFTWARE TEST SKILLS: Functional Testing, API Testing, Ad-hoc Testing, Manual Testing, Database Testing and MySQL, Severity & Priority, Integration Testing, V-MODEL, Software Verification, Smoke and Sanity Testing, Regression Testing, User Acceptance Testing, Salesforce Testing, Website Testing, Black box & White box Testing, Mobile App Testing – Android & ios, QMS – Quality Management System, Requirement Traceability Matrix, Defect Management, Test designing, Test Plan, Test Estimation, Test Scenarios, Lean Six Sigma Management. SOFTWARE TESTING TOOLS: Postman, JIRA & JIRA Automation, GIT, Selenium Web Driver, CI/CD with Docker, JMeter
BUSINESS ANALYTICS
TOOLS:
MS Visio, Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word, Trello, Wireframing. QUALITY/BUSINESS
ANALYTICS SKILLS:
SWOT Analysis, Scenario Planning, Requirement Gathering, Requirement elicitation, Scrum, Agile, UML Diagrams, Wireframe, BRD, FRD, FRS, SRS, Technical Documents.
METHODOLOGIES: SDLC & STLC, Agile, Scrum, Lean Six Sigma, Waterfall, V-model Methods.
PROJECT MANAGEMENT: JIRA, Clickup & Trello, MS Word, MS Excel, MS Powerpoint. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
IBM, Chicago, IL Sep 2020 – Present
QA performance Tester
Responsibilities:
● Working on London stock exchange group stocks CMS product and responsible for managing all QA related activities.
● Performing functional/ manual testing in CRM and CMS.
● Responsible for creating testing strategies, test plan and setting up test environment.
● Reviewing the test cases and test data created by junior QAs.
● Prepared and executed test scripts using selenium.
● Understanding user stories and performing functional and mobile POS testing with agile processes.
● Responsible for creation for Epics, User Stories, Story points and acceptance criteria.
● Responsible for creation of test designs, test processes, test cases and test data for implementing test procedures to ensure that software program works as intended.
● Identified the test scenarios and created a traceability matrix to ensure 100% test coverage.
● Performed functional testing for exploratory testing and also responsible for sanity and smoke testing.
● Worked with POS inventory computers, credit card machines, monitors, check readers and handheld scanner guns along with all other hardware.
● Responsible for set up of plugin in Salesforce CRM.
● Performed verification and validation testing. Have independent experience in verification and validation.
● Billing functionality and payment gateway mechanism testing.
● Experienced in designing Test Plan and Test Cases, scenarios.
● Performed database testing whether they store correct information details of
● credit card, debit card etc.
● Expertise on performing front end (End to End testing, System Integration testing) of applications.
● Learning automation using selenium web driver along with xpath and its axis.
● Tested mobile apps in android and iOS environment.
● Logged the defects in JIRA in order to perform defect lifecycle.
● Involved in defect review meetings, weekly status meetings.
● In agile environment, attended daily stand-up meetings, reviewed user stories. T- Mobile, Chicago, IL Jun 2017 – Aug 2020
SW testing Engineer
Responsibilities:
● Responsible for testing in production server.
● DMAIC case study to improve system availability (lean six sigma management).
● Reviewed and created BRD, SRS, FRD and technical specification document.
● Work experience in project coordination.
● Experienced in all levels of verification including Smoke testing, functional testing and Regression testing.
● Knowledge on the key components of a test strategy, test cases and entry & exit criteria.
● Experienced in Mobile testing.
● Involved in GUI Testing of Mobile application.
● Basic knowledge of CI/CD testing with Docker and GIT.
● Performed Positive and Negative Testing.
● Reviewed the test artifacts created and executed by junior QAs.
● Project on Payment processing and analysis, a QUALITY/BUSINESS ANALYTICS project. Areas where it is used – Credit Cards, VISA/MASTER Card processing, Debit Cards, Billing and remittance processing, health care processing, 3rd party payments.
● Understanding of payments systems, principles and compliance.
● Experienced in simplifying complex information through UML diagrams.
● Evaluated design alternatives with cost and benefit analysis.
● Developed use case, work – flow and screen mock-ups.
● Performed user acceptance test and prepared test case based on business requirements and documentation. Developed functional requirements.
● Developed data flow diagrams, illustrating the flow of data, flow charts.
● Used MS Visio for structuring/modelling the business flow.
● Experienced in designing Acceptance Criteria.
EDUCATION:
Graduated with double major in Economics and Public Policy - University of North Carolina – 2017
Contact this candidate