Justin Karpman
San Diego, CA ad7zjx@r.postjobfree.com github.com/JustinnKar linkedin.com/in/justinkarpman TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages: Python, C++, SQL, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Ruby, TypeScript, PHP. Frameworks: React.js, Next.js, Ruby on Rails, Bootstrap, Django, Vue.js, JQuery. Tools: Git, GitHub, PGAdmin, MySQL Workbench, Postman. AWS: EC2, RDS, Lambda, S3.
Development Practices: Agile methodologies, Test-Driven Development (TDD), Pair/Mob programming. WORK EXPERIENCE
Software Engineer 08/2023 – 01/2024
Candid Maven San Diego, CA
Contributed to the back-end migration from PHP/MySQL to Django/PostgreSQL, as part of a team effort to modernize the stack boosting data retrieval speed by 25%.
Partnered with another developer to transition the front-end routing system from the pages router to the app router in Next.js 13, improving routing efficiency by approximately 20% and boosting overall application performance by 25%.
Enhanced product quality by delivering high-impact features through cross-functional collaboration in a Scrum environment, contributing to a 15% increase in customer satisfaction scores. Software Engineer Intern 07/2023-08/2023
Led the development of a Django ORM-based backend system, enabling non-technical teams to independently manage and update webpage content, reducing turnaround time by 80% and improving website accuracy and efficiency.
Designed and implemented scalable database tables for future pages and features, including modifications to existing tables, to enhance the database architecture for growth and seamless integration with new content. Full Stack Developer 04/2023 – 08/ 2023
Learn Academy San Diego, CA
Completed a rigorous full-stack developer bootcamp, gaining 640+ hours of coding education and hands-on experience.
Built and deployed full-stack web applications using JavaScript, React, PostgreSQL, and Ruby on Rails.
Mentored fellow students, providing guidance and support in understanding coding concepts and completing projects.
Optician 09/2018 – 11/2021
4s EyeCare & Optometry San Diego, CA
Applied strong analytical skills to conduct precise optometric testing, including visual acuity assessments, lens prescription measurements, and eye disease screenings. Hospital Corpsman 11/2012 – 11/2017
United States Navy San Diego, CA
Provided meticulous medical care and performed various procedures while collaborating with multidisciplinary teams in diverse settings to deliver comprehensive patient care and support.
Managed and maintained patient medical records using electronic health record (EHR) systems, ensuring accurate and timely documentation to support comprehensive patient care and compliance with federal regulations. PROJECTS
Game Management Web Application https://gameversefront.onrender.com Ruby on Rails, React, PostgreSQL, CSS, Bootstrap, JQuery.
Developed a full-stack web application with complete CRUD functionality, integrating an external game library API to showcase games, allowing users to rate and save their favorite games to personalized pages. EDUCATION
De Anza College 04/2021 – 12/2022
AS-T Computer Science Cupertino, CA
Relevant Coursework: Intermediate Programming Methodologies in C++, Data Abstraction and Structures, Introduction to x86 Processor Assembly Languages and Computer Architecture. Justin Karpman
Contact this candidate