AMAL SANHAJI

+1-775-***-****. ad7zda@r.postjobfree.com

Summary

Fresh grade student with a good knowledge for Computer Programing.
Embedded Software Engineer proficient in all phases of the software development lifecycle. Adapt at working with Agile and Scrum methodologies to accomplish project milestones according to specific timeframes. Able to use C, Python, Java and other programming languages to complete work. Highly organized and detail-oriented professional with Java years of progressive experience in the field.
Software developer with a passion for learning and creating innovative solutions. Proven ability to apply programming languages and software development tools to solve real-world problems. Seeking and entry-level software development position to utilize my skills and knowledge to contribute to team and make a positive impact on the company.

Strengths

Persuasive Communication, Analytical Thinking
Large Deal Negotiation, Creative Problem-Solving
A-level Presentations, Conflict Resolution

Guiding Principles

Commitment to Excellence
Simplicity
Inspiring Innovation

Professional Experience

Multilane, inc, Fremont
Field Application engineer (March 2019 – May 2020)

Generate technical solutions based on customer needs, manage their development and successfully implement then on-site.
Prepare relevant records, data, and documents for product presentations, and conduct training sessions of product demonstration to sales representatives.
Coordinate with the sales, marketing and engineering teams to manage the development of Multilane’s automated 100G & 400G DAC testing solution, 100G RMA testing solution and driver/TIA testing solutions.
Characterize and perform functionality testing for company manufactured instruments including Bit Error rate Tester, digital Sampling Oscilloscope, Time Domain Analyzer, Time Domain Reflectometer, and interconnect equipment: module Compliance Board and Host Compliance Board, perform physical measurements for high speed interface signal integrity including jitter, crosstalk, return loss and insertion loss.
Creates testing and documentation.
Prepare relevant records, data, and documents for product presentation, conduct training sessions and product demonstration to sales representatives.
Software quality assurance debugging and support customers for C++, python, MATLAB.
Demonstrated ability to participate and work effectively in multi-disciplinary product development teams.

Banque Populaire, Marrakesh, Morocco
Financial Counselor (Jul 2013 to Nov 2013)

Handled various accounting transactions, collected member loan payments. Rapidly and efficiently prepared customer and ATM ca

Education and Training

Bachelor of Science, Computer Network 2018
Federation for education in Europe University

Associate of Science, Computer Science 2018
Foothill College - Los Altos Hills, CA, Unite

Certificate, CCNA 2017
Foothill College - Los Altos Hills, CA, United States
> Created and built firmware to test associate hardware.
> CCNA Routing and Switching.
> Basic in Digital Network Architecture (DNA)

Certificate, Software Quality Assurance 2016
Foothill College - Los Altos Hills, CA, United States
> testing manually and automatically in software system.
> have done my who project.

BBA, Finance 2013
University Cadi Ayyad (Presidence, Marrakech)

Associate of Science, Biomedical/Medical Engineering 2010

Technical Skills

Languages:, Java, Python .
Operating Systems: Windows (NT, XP, 7, 10, 2000, 2003, 2008, 2012, 2016), UNIX, Linux
Software: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint.
Software development tool: Git, Jira, Eclipse.
Cloud: Good Working Knowledge with Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud
Other skills: String with derivatives, Math aptitude, Financial modeling, Excellent time management skills,
Positive, Advanced TCP/IP knowledge, Software and hardware updates, Multilingual in ( French, English, Arabic), User interface understanding, Powerful negotiator, Hardware evolution, and strong verbal communication
Soft skills: communication, teamwork, problem-solving

Professional skills
Strong problem solving skills and multi-tasking skills. Follow rigorously workflow and processes
Self-motivated, Strong teamwork skills and out of the box thinking with the strong desire to innovate
Strong communication skills, including excellent written, verbal abilities and presentation skills.
Proactively communication to management project progress, status updates, and project barriers.
Excellent communication, data sharing, teamwork and problem solving skills.
Languages: English, French, Arabic
Contact this candidate