SOFTWARE ENGINEER
AREAS OF EXPERTISE: JAVA/C/C++ DESKTOP APPLICATIONS RELATIONAL DATABASES EMBEDDED SYSTEMS
Experienced technical professional with diverse software development experience across a wide range of operating environments. A natural “solutions thinker” skilled at defining a problem, developing a plan of solution, participating actively on project teams, and seeing the solution through to implementation. Proficient in applying most tools, operating systems & languages.

KNOWLEDGE BASE
Operating Systems: Solaris • SunOS • Linux • Windows XP/7/10
Tools and Methodologies: NetDisturb • WireShark • Booch • Yourdon • IBM® Rational (Rose) Suite
Programming Languages: Java • SQL • C • C++ • Perl • MATLAB • Python • Fortran 77 • Pascal • C# JavaScript • Bash • Bourne Shell (bsh) • UML
Configuration Management: Bazaar • SCCS • RCS • CVS • PVCS • Teamware • SVN • Git
Relational Databases: Oracle® • Microsoft® Excel and Access • TeamBLUE™ PowerHouse® • IBM® Db2
Hardware: IBM PC • Oracle (Sun) Microsystems Workstation
CORE TECHNICAL COMPETENCIES
Embedded Systems: More than ten years of embedded systems development experience in providing hardware and software support on applications.
Technical Communications: Skilled at communicating effectively at all levels, including serving as the “channel” between management, development and test teams.
Networking: Experienced in networking applications, including Sun OS Servers and workstations, IBM Db2 and Oracle databases across TCP/IP networks.
Software Builds: Proficient in managing software build systems using various automated tools, including Jenkins, shell scripts, Jira and ClearCase.
SELECT CRITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS
Eagleview Technologies: Hired on 07/06/2021. Assignment was the modernization of image tools used to produce cameras. Worked with Visual Studio 2013 improving older applications for new product deployment. and image systems from Sapera and illunis. Worked directly with lab personnel on hardware problems. Assisted teams in working with python and containers
MKS Instruments: Set Up 2 Dell Servers with Red Hat Linux and Jenkins for artifactory to complete CI/CD System. Added example scripts to permit storage into the system. Turned system over to site with documentation
L3Harris: Led a project to port several build systems from Bamboo to Jenkins, a less-costly solution. Worked with the project development team to provide an initial port for further follow-up and execution—saving the company considerable licensing fees by converting to an open-source product.
BCC Software: Led a project to port a Unix IP format command from the existing platform to Windows Pascal—allowing the company to use the command in their product. Led a similar project to develop a compiler for target of 32- and 64-bit Windows—delivering four completed solutions on target.
Alstom Signaling and Transport: Devised and implemented a CRC server for application in microcontroller daughter boards—successfully developing a solution that ran under tight computing constraints.
Xerox Corporation: Played a lead role as a project leader, working leader or individual contributor on many high-profile software builds, solutions and applications. These included:
Developed a PC-based application for use with field staff to track sales—a then state-of-the-art tool that was two years ahead of the evolution of CRM tools—saving $10M in recurring expenses annually.
Devised a transaction monitoring solution for the Financial Capital Assets organization still in use today—a tool the provided real-time reporting of all transactions.
Led the development of a key component of dev-ops infrastructure applying open-source software tools and a consumer CD burner—a project that realized $17K in immediate savings.

PROFESSIONAL HISTORY SUMMARY
PAYCHEX, TAX AND PAYMENTS. Software Engineer, Contract ( 9/1 to 12/16) Rochester, NY
EAGLEVIEW TECHNOLOGIES, Senior Embedded Software Engineer (07/06/2021 to 8/02/2022) full time position Rochester NY
MKS INSTRUMENTS, Software Engineer (04/21 – 05/21) contractor
L3HARRIS, Software Engineer (3/19-9/19)…temporary employee converted to contract position
BLACK BOX BIOMETRICS, Software Validation Engineer (1/18-2/18 • 5/18 • 8/18)…contract position
BCC SOFTWARE, Development Operations Software Engineer (6/15-11/15)…contract position
ALSTOM SIGNALING AND TRANSPORT (9/10-2/14)…contract to permanent position
Validation & Verification Test Engineer (8/11-2/14) • Senior Software Development Engineer (9/10-8/11)
XEROX CORPORATION (5/89-6/04)…contract to permanent
Software Build Officer/Developer (3/95-6/04) • Software Engineer (5/89-3/95)

PROFESSIONAL HISTORY DETAIL
PAYCHEX, TAX AND PAYMENTS, Software Engineer, Contract ( 9/1 to 12/16/2022) Rochester, NY
Contract position for software modifications to code modules for financial systems. Using SQL, ProC, Toad & PL/SQL to allow the integration of a large number of small modules to customize application operation.

EAGLEVIEW TECHNOLOGIES, Senior Embedded Software Engineer ( 07/2021 – 08/2022 ) Rochester, NY
Hired full time to renew software for camera production and test. Supported groups efforts to modernize software systems using my knowledge and experience with Docker, Jenkins, Git, PostGres.
Moved SVN repositories to Git. Configured older apps for development work and newer requirements.
Wrote some PowerShell scripts to automate tasks for development. Wrote bash scripts to automate SVN to Git migration. Also to serve as documentation for future users.
• Worked closely with hardware engineers to ensure seamless software/hardware integration.
• Collaborated with cross-functional teams to define system requirements and specifications.
• Assisted in the development and testing of embedded software for specific projects.
• Implemented and tested software modules using C and C++.
• Documented software designs, requirements, and test procedures.
• Participated in design reviews and provided input on software architecture and implementation.

MKS INSTRUMENTS, INC. Software Engineer ( 04/21-05/21) Rochester, NY
Contracted to install and configure 2 Dell Servers to serve as terminus for Artifactory operation for Web applications delivering and archiving Firmware Updates. Performed task as requested. Left documentation as well as example scripts so the people would be able to carry on and build out their system.
Loaded RedHat Linux unto both servers. Configured both servers to inhouse standard.
Loaded Artifactory on both machines, Cross paths so one could fill in for the other in the event of system failure. Tested repo with small program. Left examples for completion.

L3HARRIS, Software Engineer (3/19-9/19) Rochester, NY
Hired to perform essential tasks related to porting build system from Bamboo to Jenkins. Implemented local Docker/Jenkins to interface with BitBucket Production (partial). Applied various tools and technologies, including Docker, Perl, SVN, Git, bash and CMMI. Select core responsibilities included:
Upgrading older bash scripts to use Jenkins environment for builds. Migrating function blocks out of scripts and into Jenkins environment.
Upgrading using Lines of Code software to new corporate standard.
Preparing PowerShell scripts to test software in V&V lab.
BLACK BOX BIOMETRICS, Software Validation Engineer (1/18-2/18 • 5/18 • 8/18) Rochester, NY
Accepted interim short-term testing and validation position with this local software development company. Tested software intended for an embedded device. Performed customer acceptance testing of software products. Applied various tools and technologies, including SQL Server. Left upon satisfactory completion of all limited-term assignments.
CAREGIVER FOR TERMINALLY ILL PARENT (2016-2017)

BCC SOFTWARE, Development Operations Software Engineer (6/15-11/15) Rochester, NY
Hired to port ipconfig software into Free Pascal for use as a library in Windows and UNIX environments.
Documented, debugged and tested low-level code block written in Delphi and converted to Free Pascal for implementation of DOM Parsers. Implemented Lazarus/FPC multi-platform development and build environment where the platforms targeted were Windows 32/64 bit and Linux 32/64 bit. Applied various tools and technologies, including Lazarus, FPC, DOM, XML, Jira and ZeroMQ.

ALSTOM SIGNALING AND TRANSPORT (9/10-2/14) Rochester, NY
Validation & Verification Test Engineer (8/11-2/14) • Senior Software Development Engineer (9/10-8/11)
Contracted initially as Senior Software Development Engineer responsible for applying Keil C51 IDE and PSD Microdevices 8051 core controllers to implement cyclical redundancy checksum (CRC) function related to tracking communications for Metro North M8 Rail Project. Promoted to Validation & Verification Test Engineer responsible for performing product environment simulator validation testing on new a line of products using Enterprise Architect and National Instruments-based simulator. Additional responsibilities included validation of IBM Rational ClearQuest change requests for products as new releases became available for testing. Applied various tools and technologies, including Interlocking, Enterprise Architect, MySQL 8051-based microcontrollers, RTOS, embedding engineering and JTAG. Position eliminated in workforce reduction.

XEROX CORPORATION (5/89-6/04) Rochester, NY
Hired as a contract Software Engineer in Xerox Information Management in 1989. Converted to permanent employee status in 1992. Core responsibilities over the period included adding desired functionality to report generation systems across a variety of products. Promoted to Software Build Officer/Developer with incremental responsibility for maintaining a key piece of software used in document handling and media feeders. Position eliminated due to poor business conditions as part of a workforce reduction.

Software Build Officer/Developer (3/95-6/04)
Maintained software for automatic document handler and media feeders along with the video path, implemented software for new paper feeder. Coordinated with UI software and hardware groups to integrate new features into the system. Updated existing software to address error messages and state recovery procedures. Served as software configuration engineer on all projects. Managed equipment inventory, product lab operation and software testing. Applied various tools and technologies, including Unix, RTOS, embedded systems programming, PVCS, CMM, Perl, SCCS, RCS & Unix System Administration.
Supported initial system reset investigations and distributed problems to other software developers on the team, updated management on problem progress.
Upgraded CD-ROM creation process to improve reliability and affordability—creating $17K in savings.
Implemented a document management system for capability maturity model (CMM). Created bash scripts to help developers in their tasks.
Constructed document management system for maintaining product specifications.
Tasked with a special project automating the feed for key financial systems.
Automatic document handler using micro controller and firmware, Add features and debug problems

Software Engineer (5/89-3/95)
Led the charge to add functionality to report generation systems and updated information systems per customer requirements. Created tools for use in system interface to support execution of checkpoint reports. Automated monthly & ad-hoc processing—adding transaction reports to the system. Maintained CRM system on legacy platform for monthly sales progress reporting. Applied various tools and technologies, including MVS/XSA, C, C++, ProC, C370, Embedded SQL, SQL Forms, SQL Plus, SQL RPT, Oracle RDBMS, DB2, TeamBLUE and X Window System.
Developed hypertext version of monthly reports for senior management. Distributed monthly and special request reports to recipients. Developed and maintained infrastructure CRM reporting. Used Oracle tools to implement additional reports as an exploration.
Collaborated with development groups on new sales software initiatives. Implemented sales CRM system for the field and headquarters using Windows/Microsoft Access—a solution that reduced maintenance, processing time and cost while permitting ease of extensibility.

EARLY CAREER EXPERIENCE
1988-1989: Digital Equipment Corporation, Programmer

EDUCATION
ROCHESTER INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY
Master of Science, Computer Science (all but dissertation)
Bachelor of Science, Electrical Engineering
Bachelor of Science, Electrical Engineering Technology
AFFILIATIONS
RocPy, member
RochesterDEV, member
Rochester Agile, member

EXPERIENCE ALIGNED WITH NECESSARY SPECIFIC SKILLS.

#
Specific Skill Needed
Experience
1
Experience with SW build processes and procedures
Build Officer for DCS35, WorkCentre, and Color programs ( 5 years total ). Build scripts, documented build procedures. Developed initial Jenkins pipe lines for Harris. ( bash, Groovy )
2
– Familiarity with real-time operating systems, such as QNX or Linux
Linux / UNIX / *nix -- 25 Years. Little if any QNX. RTOS systems for train control operations
3
– Ability to interpret hardware schematics, circuit designs, and datasheets
EE/ET background, Electronics Hobbyist. Made a several boards for copier telemetry. Communicated with folks engineering the machines video and data communication boards.
4
– Proficiency with C, C++
C/C++ 8 years academic, 26 industrial,
Camera Driver Development (08/2022)
Focus Tool Development (06/2022)
5
Proficiency with multi-threaded, multi-core design and/or real-time operating systems
Many Xerox systems had an event/listener environments, While rail systems tended to use a safety oriented Priority round robin. Some systems in test ( not the UUT ) used a small RTOS in order to coordinate events for boundary testing
6
Experience with object-oriented design and CORBA
I have my books ( I am curious) but I never received a position.
7
Understanding of Design, Implementation and Testing of large software systems
Never had to perform DIT, I understand basic principles and have explored how people navigate this performance space.
8
Experience with software emulators/debuggers
JTAG and some Protocol analyzers. Have used NetDisturb for Ethernet based systems
9
Ability to work effectively in a team environment, good interpersonal and communication skills
I do interact with endusers, testers and senior management as I deliver assignments. I put in effort so folks are in sync as well as informed
10
Familiarity with Agile Software Developments and tools such as Jira is desirable
Jira I am using now in conjunction with a Scrum process support.
Contact this candidate