Tarrence Egbert
Providence, UT ***** 801-***-**** ad85dx@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/tarrence-egbert

Senior Software Engineer

Solutions-driven software engineer with extensive experience programming in Java, PHP, JavaScript, and React. Experience includes using Unix / Linux systems on AWS and other Virtual Machine systems with Apache, Cassandra DB, MongoDB, and Node.js to create APIs and Machine Learning (ML) systems. Adept in using Artificial Intelligence (AI) with Large Language Models (LLMs) to predict the best outcome of globalization situations. Proven ability leveraging software engineering skills to introduce systems that help Globalization team fulfill mission quickly and reliably. Skilled in using very large datasets to present data in Power BI to executive teams.

Technical Skills

AI LLM ML Java Power BI RubixML Unix / Linux AWS Power BI
Apache XML CSS Finisher MongoDB Cassandra DB SQL

Key Skills

Software Engineering API Development Solutions Architecture
Localization Infrastructure Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning

Professional Experience

Adobe, Remote, UT November 2009 – August 2024
Globalization Infrastructure Architect - Power BI, RubixML, NodeJS, JavaScript, and PHP
Created and maintained PHP scripts feeding a Globalization dashboard for executives using Power BI.
Designed and built AI driven model to predict which documentation files should be translated next.
Created a localization infrastructure using Node.js that enables continuous localization for all product teams.

Adobe / Omniture, Lehi, UT November 2007 – November 2009
Senior Software Engineer - JavaScript and PHP
Delivered software engineering solutions as member of the Adobe Analytics Genesis team.
Created Genesis connectors for third party companies to access analytics data.

Doba, Orem, UT May 2006 - November 2007
Senior Software Engineer - PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, and Linux
Maintained the quality of the company website by fixing any bugs that were created.
Developed web tool for Doba suppliers to enter product information and manage online orders.

Additional Relevant Experience

Digital Harbor, Orem, UT
Senior Software Engineer - Java, Java Swing, Eclipse, and Linux
• Led engineering efforts to create a crosstab implementation for DHI’s table component.
• Directed development of DHI’s Solaris server product.
• Managed the CVS server used for DHI’s code repository hosted on Linux.

Tarrence Egbert ad85dx@r.postjobfree.com Page 2

FOG Technologies, Orem, UT
Software Contractor - Java, Java Swing, Eclipse, and Linux
• Functioned as Architect and Principal Engineer of software package to complement existing educational administration software.

Flowserve Corporation, Orem, UT
Senior Software Engineer - Java and IBM WebSphere
• Designed, wrote, and managed the layout of Java Portlets for Flowserve's Intranet using IBM WebSphere portal.
• Developed e-commerce web stores for Flowserve using J2EE technology.
• Created Java server pages to access Enterprise JavaBeans, which in turn got information from an Oracle database.

Caldera, Orem, UT
Senior Software Engineer - Java, Eclipse, LDAP, XML, HTML, and XSLT
• Served as Architect of Volution Manager Web Console and completed two version releases of the console.

Novell, Provo, UT
Software Engineer - Java, C++, MFC, and InstallShield
• Developed Console One Snapins for DirXML product.
• Designed NWAdmin Snapins for Novell Administrator for Windows NT product.
• Developed licensing user interface for NetWare for Unix product.
• Provided technical support for NetWare and UnixWare products.

Education

Bachelor of Arts (BA), Computer Science
Utah State University, Logan, UT

Conference Presentations

• LocWorld - https://locworld.com/locworld49-malmo-speakers/ (2023)
• Unicode – Presentation on Localization
• Silicon Slopes
• Translation Forum Russia(2018)

Languages

Spanish

Activities

Non-profit Volunteer
Contact this candidate