Anisha Arifali Rayani
+1-720-***-**** ad85e3@r.postjobfree.com https://github.com/AnishaRayani www.linkedin.com/in/anisharayani SUMMARY
Software Engineer with over 3 years of proven experience in developing, testing, and maintaining software solutions, including Android applications. Solid understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC). Driven by my passion for quality solutions and continuous learning, I am committed to making effective contributions through automation and agile practices. Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail. I optimized test suites and provided comprehensive training to 3-5 QA’s. Additionally, my proficiency in full-stack development for enterprise/web apps allows me to excel in Agile methodologies for test planning, development, and defect reporting. Proficient in API load testing, integration testing, and various automation tools. Experienced in developing automation frameworks from scratch and translating requirements into test cases to ensure full coverage. ACADEMIC PROJECTS
E-Commerce Website Jan 2024
o This project allows beverage companies to list their products for sale and allows end users to place orders similar to ebay. o Developed using Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery.
o Coded/Created/Integrated several modules of this web application and hosted it on web hosting server for class demo. Employee Management System Aug 2023
o Developed an Employee Management System platform facilitating employee login, profile viewing, and leave application, with administrative capabilities for adding and removing employees, implemented using Spring, MySQL, Spring Boot, JSP, and Servlets. WORK EXPERIENCE
Software Engineer, Wipro Limited Aug 2020 -Aug 2022 o Effectively developed and maintained test scripts to validate accuracy and integrity of the web application with Selenium using Java and Python, covering 580 test steps with predefined outcomes. o Automated manual testing using python and selenium to reduce the time take for regression testing by 50%. o Developed a UI/Mobile Automation Framework utilizing Robot Framework with Python-based Selenium/Appium libraries. o Implemented and identified end-to-end business scenarios for automation, which improved overall productivity by 75% and achieved 100% code coverage.
o Executed 67 JMeter Scripts for API load testing, ensuring robust performance under varying loads. o Conducted testing across UI, automation, and regression levels, adhering to Agile methodologies. o Gathered requirements and crafted automation test scripts in Selenium (Python) with a data-driven framework, employing the page object model pattern.
o Documented test cases and test execution results in test case management application. o Enhanced automation testing framework by 30% through the integration of TestNG and Spring Boot, optimizing test suites and scripts. o Conducted training sessions for 3-5 QAs in Java and Selenium WebDriver, reducing manual efforts by 50% and boosting team productivity by 30%.
o Contributed to the continuous improvement of automation testing practices, proficient in creating, updating, and managing Test coverage Plans, Test scripts, Test Data, and Test Cases, with expertise in defect reporting and verification across waterfall and Agile/Scrum Methodologies.
Software Engineer Intern, TA Digital Pvt. Ltd. Oct 2019 - July 2020 o Contributed to the teamwork for web application development using Servlets, JSP, Bootstrap, HTML, Java, Spring, Spring Boot. o Developed SQL queries for database using JDBC for database connectivity. o Gained hands-on experience in frontend, backend, and middleware development. o Passionate about design, development, and quality assurance, adept in SQL query writing for data validation, experienced in various QA roles spanning Automation, Functional, Integration, Regression, Ad-hoc, Test Automation, feature coverage, and Compatibility Testing. Software Engineer Trainee Intern, coMakeIT Pvt. Ltd. July 2019 - Sept 2019 o Gained expertise in developing web applications, proficiently employing HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Servlets, JSP, Java, Spring Boot, and SQL.
o Worked with the team on design and implementation of an innovative Student Management System project, incorporating Rest API and Angular for enhanced functionality and user experience. EDUCATION
University of Colorado Denver – Colorado USA Aug 2022 - May 2024 Master of Science in Computer Science CGPA: 3.7/4.0 CMR College of Engineering and Technology – Telangana, India June 2016 - April 2020 Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering CGPA: 3.55/4.0 SKILLS
Programming: Java, J2EE, Python, DBMS, SQL, C, C++, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Java Script, JSP, Servlets. Automation Tools: Selenium, Appium, Karate, Cypress, Robot Framework, API testing using REST Assured, Apache JMeter. API: Postman, RESTful services.
Frameworks: TestNG, ROBOT Test Automation Framework, Cucumber, Spring MVC, Spring Boot, Hibernate, Maven, JDBC. Environment: Microsoft Office Suite, Git, Eclipse IDE, IntelliJ IDEA, Visual Studio, JIRA. Others: Azure, AWS, Jenkins, Statistics, Apache Tomcat, Firebase, Agile Methodologies, Scrum, Test Driven Development
(TDD), Behavior Driven Development (BDD), Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Soft Skills: Analytical and Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Teamwork, Written, Communication, Time Management. Certifications: Spring Framework for Beginners with Spring Boot – Udemy, The Python Mega Course: Build 10 Real World Applications – Udemy, HackerRank – Java, Problem Solving, Python, Java: Data Structures – LinkedIn Learning.
Contact this candidate