ORGIL KHATANBAATAR
*** *** **** ******, • San Francisco, California 94102
415-***-**** • ad86kr@r.postjobfree.com" ad86kr@r.postjobfree.com • https://www.linkedin.com/in/gt-239cc/
SOFTWARE ENGINEER

Technically skilled and highly collaborative Software Engineer with over 6 years of richly varied project experience as a strong contributor to the design and implementation of best-in-class web applications and software. -Deep familiarity with all phases of the software lifecycle including requirements management, customization, programming, testing, and deployment. - Well-versed in Web-based system development using Java, Scala, Kafka, Kubernetes, SpringBoot, Python, JavaScript, C#, SQL, CSS and AWS. A passionate student of new and emerging technologies and possess strong problem solving and solution making skills.

Web Programming • Java Application Development • Software Engineering & Implementation
• System Analysis • Data Structures • Algorithms • Development Lifecycle • Database Design & Analysis • Machine Learning • User Interface Development • Bug Identification & Fixes • Java Frameworks • Technical Implementation • System Requirements Management • User Acceptance Testing • Project Support • Dockers • Github • Okta (IAM – Identity & Access Management)

Languages: Java, C#, Java 8, Python, C/C++, REST API, Spring boot, Hibernate, Scala,
Web: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Angular JS

Databases: Mongo DB, MSSQL, MS Access, MySQL, Postgres, SQL
SDLC: Agile
Design Patterns: Singleton, Factory, MVC, Façade, Observer, Composite, Prototype, Builder, Command
Tools: Maven, Splunk, Eclipse, Sublime, NetBeans, UML, Intelli IDEA, Git, Git Hub, AWS
Platforms: Windows, Mac OSX
Big Data: MapReduce, Hadoop

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

CAREER NOTE: Currently I am looking for new opportunities in Java Software Development role
Expedia Inc • Software Engineer - Jan 2022- March 2024
Experience with Java, Spring, Spring boot, Kafka, Kubernetes, Micro Services.
SQL programming
Working on Data Analysis and Quality using SQL
Working on ERP system development using Python.
Well versed with core Java concepts like Collections, Multithreading, Serialization and Java Beans.
Solid experience in Design Patterns, Object Oriented Design, Model-View-Controller.
Technical and impact analysis of functional and non-functional requirements.
Used Javascript, CSS, HTML on frontend web application.
Also proficient in using JIRA and Confluence.
Apple Inc • Software Engineer - Jan 2018-Jan 2022
Experience with Java, Spring, Spring boot, Kafka, Kubernetes, Scala.
Used Scala to migrate from Java web application to new checkout design in Scala.
Well versed with core Java concepts like Collections, Multithreading, Serialization and Java Beans.
Experience in Java/Scala and Micro Services.
Solid experience in Design Patterns, Object Oriented Design, Model-View-Controller.
Facilitating sprint planning, daily scrums, review, retrospectives, and project demonstrations
Technical and impact analysis of functional and non-functional requirements.
Also proficient in using JIRA and Confluence.
Worked on Prototyping and Implementation using Java, Node.JS, and AWS with Slacker platform.
Wrote complex reporting applications with Ext JS and Sencha Touch for Windows Azure and Amazon Web Services (AWS), Linux and Windows servers.
Worked on Amazon web services (AWS) specifically Amazon Lambda for developing and deploying application.
Deployed the application on WebSphere application server.
Experience with and GIT and build and release tools like Jenkins.
Part of the Apple’s core development team, extensively working on Requirement Analysis, Design and implementation for smooth functioning of online store and delivering some of the key projects.
Involved in redesign of the Bag, Checkout and Thankyou Page to bring AOS up to par with other marque retailers and modern consumption expectations.

Environment &Tools: Java Script, Java 8, AWS,Microservices, WebSphere, Spring boot, Web Development, Eclipse, MySQL, Mongo DB MSSQL, MS Access, MySQL, MSSQL, SQL

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Computer Science
Maharishi University of Management, Fairfield, Iowa, 2019

Key Courses: Software Engineering, Advanced Software Engineering, Big Data,
Machine Learning Algorithm, Modern Programming Practice

Bachelor’s Degree in Health Information Technology
Mongolian National University of Medical Sciences, Ulaanbaatar, 2011

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Certificate in PHP Programming - Computer Science of Management School, 2013
Certificate in Java Web Component Development (Sun Microsystems) - NIIT academy India 2010
Certificate in Information Technology Security - Karrox Academy India, 2010
Classes of General Engineering - MAEER’s MIT Academy India, 2009
Certificate in C++ Programming - School of Information & Communication Technology, MUST, 2007
Certificate in C# Programming - Mongolia Korea IT Education Center
Certificate in Web development using PHP, JavaScript and JQuery - Mongolia Korea IT Education Center
Contact this candidate