Misty Herron
QA Software Engineer
Clarkston, GA 30021
ad87t6@r.postjobfree.com
+1-770-***-****
As a QA engineer, testing different websites and programs for social media sites has been my primary focus. My goal is to continue to grow in the field and expand my knowledge with best opportunity available. This field is fun and exciting learning the different ways that technology can enhance our everyday life. Python and SQL are the two that I am working toward learning. Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Software QA Engineer
Careerist-Remote
January 2024 to Present
These are my basic skills I have while doing Bug reports and test cases. I am working on my API certification now and then Python. I've got some experience in REST and POSTMAN. Thank you in advance for your consideration and a chance to potentially help my new team. Functional testing & Nonfunctional testing
Unit TESTING
Integration TESTING i
System TESTING
Positive testing
Negative Testing
Boundary Testing
Alpha Testing
Beta Testing
Assistant Teacher/Paraprofessional
Youth Villages - Inner Harbor Campus-Douglasville, GA November 2022 to Present
Enhancing the lives of youth from different states by teaching, mentoring, guiding and advocating for their well-being as an Educator. Helping them through psychological and emotional trauma through the teaching of life skills and self-empowerment. This can help them to start to desire learning in a classroom setting if these boxes are checked throughout their time with me. Special Education Paraprofessional - Charles Drew High School Clayton County-Riverdale, GA
December 2018 to Present
I work in a Severe and Profound Intellectual Disabilities (SID/PID) Special needs class. I work with seven kids who are both non-verbal and verbal. I help to change diapers and feed and assist the students with different IEPs. I also helped a student learn English as a second language and helped him with his classwork. One of my skills in the classroom is setting the tone and environment that makes it conducive to learn. I excel at helping kids get comfortable with me by having individual games and interactions that help each specific child want to perform their best in the classroom. Sales and Fitness Representative
LA Fitness-Atlanta, GA
November 2010 to Present
1. Atlanta, GA
November 2010 to February 2014
Performed customer service, new service set up, and warm lead call for potential or past customers. Nalley Toyota Sales Consultant
Asbury-Union City, GA
November 2018 to January 2019
Car Sales,Toyota Retention and upgrading people in a newer vehicle while helping them to refinance their loan was apart of my responsibility. Customer service and listening to what their needs and concerns were to help customers into a more favorable situation was also a part of my job. Xfinity Sales Professional
Comcast / Xfinity Sales-Norcross, GA
June 2016 to December 2017
In this position it was about selling new residential customers only. The sales focus was video, internet, home phone, and infinity home alarm system. This position really helped to hone on listening to a customer and asking what they were looking for or finding solutions to their current issues. This meant listening vs telling, which truly gave the potential customer the best we had to offer which in turn would lead to (ABC) always be closing success opportunities. Lead Behavioral Specialist
Hillside Hospital Campus-Atlanta, GA
February 2015 to April 2016
Skillset - Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (DBT) Building, Mental Health emotional well being stabilization, tutoring, and mentoring. Helping to keep a safe and pleasant work environment. I had to learn how to balance multiple things with the children by helping them emotionally with the training. This in turn helped them to build toward wanting to learn in school regardless of the challenges that held them back. Account Manager (Door to Door Sales)
AT&T UVERSE-Sandy Springs, GA
March 2012 to November 2014
100% Commission Based, Door 2 Door (D2D) Direct Sales Force, Territory Management (w/ some travel) Cold Leads, Networking and Telecommunications. Focus on Video, Internet, VoIP Sales Products. School Music Teacher and Counselor
Salvation Army-Compton, CA
June 1998 to June 2000
Teaching music to the students by having them learn songs and lyrics was my focus. Running physical education activities in the gym for certain hours of the day was also a requirement for my position. I also taught them team building exercises.
Education
Certification in QA Testing
Careerist - Remote
January 2024 to Present
Bachelor's degree in Psychology
Clayton State University - Morrow, GA
August 2022 to Present
Skills
• Organizational Skills
• retail sales
• CPR
• Marketing
• Teaching
• Child Care
• Direct Sales
• Door-to-Door Experience
• VoIP
• Telecommunication
• Special Education
• Communication skills
• Classroom Experience
Certifications and Licenses
Driver's License
Additional Information
Skills
10-Key
Contact this candidate