Thierry Mbelli
DevOps/Software Engineer

ad88ga@r.postjobfree.com 945-***-**** Madison MS linkedin.com/in/thierry-mbelli-74631915/ scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=PvvtrsMAAAAJ

SUMMARY

Highly experienced Senior DevOps and Software Engineer with 8+ years of experience designing and implementing disaster recovery plans, developing CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins, GitHub Actions and GitLab, spearheading the automation of the development of large-scale software solutions and deploying intuitive solutions using Terraform and CloudFormation as infrastructure as code to meet customer design requirements and exceed project deadlines, and leading teams of junior engineers and developers to create successful project design, software testing and quality assurance plans. Proven track record in managing and implementing successful projects, improving system performance, reducing deployment time, automating operational tasks to improve team productivity, driving customer satisfaction and loyalty, while reducing operational maintenance costs and bugs through automated testing and debugging. Adept at researching and evaluating new technologies to reduce operational costs and improve system uptime. Experience in system analysis and programming of software applications with deep understanding of Python, Groovy, shell scripting and Java. Deep understanding of Kubernetes orchestration and docker containerization. Highly experienced in Agile Methodology and in designing and implementing scalable, reliable, and devsecops solutions that enable efficient software development and delivery

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Debora Liberty Healthcare Services LLC 06/2024 – Present
AWS Architect (5 months contract – remote)
Revamped of the existing DevOps infrastructure achieving a more efficient and stable environment for application release.
Implemented Ansible for configuration management, reducing setup times significantly.
Designed and built an auto-scaling setup on AWS, leading to cost savings by reducing the use of unnecessary instances.
Implemented proactive monitoring using Prometheus and Grafana, leading to the detection and resolution of issues faster.
Led the implementation of Docker and Kubernetes for better resource management, reducing deployment time.
Devised a strategy using AWS auto-scaling, achieving higher utilization and a saving in infrastructure costs.
Implemented the integration of AWS cloud like Lambda, IAM, EC2, RDS, S3, AWS Glue, AWS Amplify, Amazon SQS, Amazon SNS, Amazon MQ and DynamoDB to significantly increase system performance and reliability.
Leveraged AWS security services like IAM, VPC, KMS and CloudTrail and collaborated with cross-functional teams to develop a comprehensive cloud security strategy to enhance security, reducing breach incidents.
Engineered a cloud monitoring solution using CloudWatch & AWS X-Ray to increase application performance.
Defined, launched, and managed infrastructure as code (IaC) across AWS using Terraform.
Orchestrated the migration of a large-scale enterprise application to AWS, resulting in a reduction in operational costs and an improvement in application performance.
Designed and implemented a robust disaster recovery strategy, which increased system availability and significantly reduced the risk of data loss.
Implemented configuration management solutions with Ansible, improving system reliability.
Collaborated with Program managers/Architects/Application Managers /Vendors/Product Managers to make sure implementation follows the technical direction.
Improved and maintained Change Failure Rate (CFR) and maintain Mean Time to Recover System (MTTR) to elite standard.
Implemented and administered JIRA, Confluence, and Jira Service Desk to support production incidents.
BMW Group 01/2023 – 06/2024
Senior DevOps Engineer
Developed and implemented automated deployment process using python and bash scripts.
Managed Jenkins, Docker, Maven, and Selenium, leading to streamlined DevOps processes and faster production times.
Implemented Git Branching, Merging Strategies, and migrating of projects.
Implemented configuration different management solutions with Ansible, Chef and Puppet, improving system reliability.
Integrated and managed CI/CD pipelines, improving code quality by implementing automated testing, achieving a reduction in post-production bugs.
Led the transition to microservices architecture using Docker and Kubernetes, resulting in a decrease in downtime during deployments.
Managed cloud-based infrastructures with AWS, enhancing scalability and service availability.
Integrated security into DevOps pipelines (DevSecOps) reducing security breaches and monitored security tools in the deployment pipeline and adjust as necessary to improve automation and effectiveness.
Integrated security into CI/CD pipelines to ensure secure deployment practices and minimize vulnerabilities.
Applied security patching as part of the deployment process.
Designed, configured, and managed cloud infrastructures using Terraform and AWS CloudFormation, reducing system provisioning time.
Revamped Continuous Integration & Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline for 25+ microservices, reducing deployment failures.
Implemented deployment of Dockerized apps with Ansible and Kubernetes, slashing operational costs.
Established proactive monitoring using Kibana, Logstash, Elasticsearch (ELK Stack), and Grafana, reducing system downtime.
Mentored junior DevOps engineers in adopting industry best practices, raising team productivity.
Implemented security measures that protected applications and services from cyber threats, resulting in a reduction in security incidents.
Designed and implemented a disaster recovery plan that reduced system downtime and ensured business continuity during critical outages.
Collaborated with development teams to implement a scalable infrastructure that supported a increase in user traffic and improved system performance.
Lead a team of 5 junior DevOps engineers, providing mentorship and guidance that resulted in an improvement in team productivity.
Analyzed system specifications, translated system requirements & technical strategies for architecting systems.
Owned and groomed the engineering principles and technical themes with stakeholders.
Carried on research to understand the current technologies, cloud trends and applied them to drive continuous improvement across the organization.
Implemented continuous integration on different projects using Jenkins, GitLab, GitHub Actions, ArgoCD, AWS CodePipeline.
Automated key tasks, including backups, database updates, image processing, and web scraping.
Implemented and administered JIRA, Confluence, and Jira Service Desk to support production incidents.
Developed and maintained documentation related to DevOps and DevSecOps processes and tools.

Assupol Life 04/2021 – 01/2023
Senior DevOps Engineer
Reduced deployment times with the introduction of CI/CD pipelines for multiple projects.
Developed custom scripts using Python and Bash languages to atomate repetitive tasks and integrate disparate systems effectively streamlining workflows across departments.
Streamlined infrastructure, server and configuration management through automation using Ansible, Kubernetes, and Terraform.
Created team strategy for SDLC automation, configuration management and release management.
Implemented deployment strategies using Docker and Kubernetes as containerization and orchestration tools.
Championed a DevOps culture within the organization that emphasized collaboration between development, operations and, QA teams for seamless software delivery.
Maintained metrics visibility using Datadog and Prometheus/Grafana to create dashboards and monitors.
Implemented continuous integration using Jenkins, GitLab, GitHub Actions, ArgoCD, AWS CodePipeline.
Implemented comprehensive AWS cost optimization strategies, reducing AWS expenses.
Implemented system monitoring methods with the use of ELK stack and Splunk to enhance detection of system bottlenecks.
Monitored system performance, troubleshooted issues, and optimized infrastructure for maximum efficiency.
Validated all technical solutions are fit for purpose and are built to meet project standards and contributed to the best practice in all aspects of project governance.
Successfully introduced a configuration management strategy using Ansible, Puppet, and Chef, reducing system downtime.
Developed and maintained system performance metrics and dashboards that provided real-time insights into system health, improving system availability.
Designed and implemented a disaster recovery plan that reduced system downtime and ensured business continuity during critical outages.
Mentored junior DevOps engineers in adopting industry best practices, raising team productivity.
Ensured that all technical requirements are accurately reflected in well-defined Epics and Stories and fostered a culture of collaboration and knowledge sharing, empowering teams to drive innovation and deliver exceptional results in line with the organization's strategic objectives.
Built and managed cloud infrastructure on platforms like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud, ensuring high availability, security, and scalability.
Collaborated with development team to enforce standards and to identify and mitigate security risks.
Conducted security code reviews to catch bugs, vulnerabilities and code flaws before the deployment phase.
Created S3 buckets and managed IAM rule based policies.
Assisted the software development team in writing code to remediate vulnerabilities.
Automated key tasks, including backups, database updates, image processing, and web scraping

First National Bank 04/2017 – 04/2021
DevOps Engineer
Designed and implemented fully automated CI/CD pipelines for various projects using Jenkins, ArgoCD, GitLab CI/CD to reduce deployment time and increase deployment frequency.
Implemented Git Branching, Merging Strategies, and migrating of projects.
Designed, configured, and managed cloud infrastructures using Terraform.
Collaborated with development teams to implement infrastructure as code using Terraform, resulting in a reduction in infrastructure costs and an increase in system reliability.
Developed and maintained monitoring and alerting systems using CloudWatch, Prometheus and Grafana, to reduce mean time to resolution (MTTR) and to improve system availability.
Implemented and maintained security policies for Kubernetes clusters and applications, achieving compliance with industry standards and passing multiple security audits.
Developed and maintained automation scripts using Python and PowerShell for deployment, monitoring, and maintenance.
Designed and implemented a disaster recovery plan that reduced system downtime and ensured business continuity during critical outages.
Collaborated with the development team incorporating Agile methodologies, growing client satisfaction rate.
Researched and evaluated new technologies to improve system performance and reliability, resulting in a reduction in operational costs and an improvement in system uptime.
Implemented security measures that protected applications and services from cyber threats, resulting in reduction in security incidents.
Defined and drove best practices for source control, engineering tools for observability using Git, Grafana, Prometheus, Splunk, Datadog, CloudWatch and ELK stack.
Developed and maintained system performance metrics and dashboards that provided real-time insights into system health, improving system availability.
Regularly reviewed key technical metrics such as transactions errors, logging, response times, caching strategies, conversion/bounce rates, capacity, and resource utilization
Provided the DevSecOps target operating model and roadmap for banking technology by integrating SonarQube, OWASP, Trivy and Fortify into CL/CD pipeline
Ensured compliance with security policies and best practices.
Involved in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Agile, Waterfall, and TDD.
Automated key tasks, including backups, database updates, image processing, and web scraping.
Managed security measures for containerized services using Docker, Kubernetes and Docker Swarm.
Deloitte Consulting 05/2015 – 04/2017
Software Architect
Spearheaded development of REST API flow solutions, boosting revenue by $5m for concept- oriented projects.
Communicated architectural designs with internal and external stakeholders involved in company projects
Defined product requirements and creates high-level architectural specifications, ensuring feasibility and functionality with existing platforms
Developed software and follows the company SDLC (Software Development Lifecycle), which includes Agile sprint tasking and management using Jira
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to develop and implement software architecture best practices, resulting in a reduction in production issues and an increase in team productivity.
Mentored and trained junior software architects, resulting in an improvement in technical skills and an increase in overall job satisfaction.
Provided technical impact assessment to support change management.
Lead the development and implementation of a cloud-based microservices architecture, resulting in a reduction in system downtime and an increase in user satisfaction.
Designed, configured, and managed cloud infrastructures using Terraform and CloudFormation.
Automated routine operational tasks and infrastructure management through scripting and orchestration tools.
Implemented Git Branching, Merging Strategies, and migrating of projects.
Involved in all phases of software development lifecycle (SDLC) using Agile, Waterfall, and TDD.
Analyzed system specifications, translated system requirements & technical strategies for architecting systems.
Assisted the software development team in writing code to remediate vulnerabilities.
Created and maintained comprehensive technical documentation for infrastructure, processes, and configurations.

First National Bank 05/2010 – 05/2015
Senior Software Engineer
Overhauled existing software applications to enhance reliability, performance and scalability, increased consumer conversion rate
Mentored and led a team of junior developers to create project designs, software testing and quality assurance plans, and execution oversight and review
Aggregated software project knowledge and documentation to create a central resource for future development teams
Developed high-quality software applications for a client base, resulting in improved customer satisfaction using Java.
Architected and implemented software solutions utilizing advanced technologies and methodologies, improving development turnaround time
Optimized existing software codebase to eliminate unnecessary complexity and achieve increased efficiencies in debugging and maintenance
Identified and addressed performance bottlenecks within the software architecture, resulting in a reduction in production issues and an increase in system reliability.
Interacted with product users to define system requirements for new and existing systems or software and/or make necessary modifications to existing software and systems.
Collaborated with stakeholders to define system requirements and design solutions, resulting in a reduction in development time and an increase in project success rate.
Analyzed, designed, programmed, debugged, and modified software enhancements of existing and new software.
Created documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance of software.
Implemented Git Branching, Merging Strategies, and migrating of projects.
Performed Patch management tasks.
Involved in all phases of software development lifecycle (SDLC) using Agile, Waterfall, and TDD.
Consology 01/2008 – 05/2010
Software Engineer
Successfully migrated business application to the Cloud, reducing operational cost and increasing system performance
Implemented microservices architecture, enhancing system scalability and reliability
Reduced time to fix bugs through effective use of test-driven development and continuous integration strategies
Simplified and undated codebase, increasing software efficiency and readability
Optimized service by integrating Machine Learning models, boosting customer satisfaction
Built a secure data storage system, facilitating an increase in system load capacity
Developed a scalable application using Python and Java that increased user data processing
Programmed and debugged software using Java, improving code quality and reducing system downtime
Optimized database performance using SQL, leading to increase in response time
Developed and maintained software architecture documentation for a large-scale financial platform, resulting in a reduction in onboarding time for new team members and an increase in overall team productivity.
Lead software architecture design and code reviews, resulting in a reduction in code defects and an increase in code quality.
Researched and evaluated new technologies and tools to improve software architecture, resulting in a reduction in system downtime and an increase in system reliability.
Created documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance of software.
Assisted the software development team in writing code to remediate vulnerabilities.

Progress Data Services 01/2007 – 01/2008
Software Developer
Generated cost savings by streamlining development process, automating unit testing and refactoring code
Implemented user-friendly UI/UX design standards to ensure applications are intuitive and compliant with industry standards
Designed and conducted software validation testing to assess the functionality and efficacy of the software, ensuring accuracy of requirements and expectations
Developed technical specifications and designs that met customer requirements and business needs
Utilized best practices and cutting-edge technologies to optimize software for best performance
Led design review sessions for resolving software issues, resulting in significant cost savings for the company
Implemented and wrote Java code to develop reliable applications.

SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

CI/CD pipeline development and maintenance
Agile Methodology
Cloud Computing
Disaster recovery planning and implementation
Infrastructure scalability and performance optimization
Team leadership and mentorship
Security measures implementation and management
System performance monitoring and metrics
Automation of operational tasks
Scripting and tool development
Research and evaluation of new technologies
Cloud computing platforms (AWS)
Containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes)
Configuration management tools (Ansible, Puppet, Chef)
Version control systems (Git, Bitbucket)
Communication and Creativity
AWS Cloud Migration
Confluence and Jira
Disaster Recovery Planning
Cloud Security Strategy Development
Serverless Architecture Design
Data Warehousing Solutions
AWS Cost Optimization
Load balancing, SSL/TLS, DNS routing, and TCP based applications
Linux Administration
Collaboration, Teamwork, Time management
Scripting toolbox: cmdlets, regular expressions, filters, pipes, and REST APIs
Scripting languages: Bash, PowerShell, and Python
Scalable AWS Infrastructure Deployment
Automated Deployment Pipeline Implementation
AWS Training and Development
Performance Optimization
Implemented user-friendly UI/UX design standards to ensure applications are intuitive and compliant with industry standards
Unix Server administration
Apache Tomcat, Nginx
Designed and conducted software validation testing to assess the functionality and efficacy of the software, ensuring accuracy of requirements and expectations
Continuous integration tools (Jenkins, GitLab, GitHub Actions, ArgoCD, AWS CodePipeline)
Monitoring and logging tools (ELK Stack, Prometheus, Grafana)
Networking and security protocols
Linux and Windows system administration
Programming languages (Python, Java, Shell scripting)

COURSES AND CERTIFICATIONS

AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate 04/2021
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
TOGAF 9 Certified Enterprise Architect 06/2019
The Open Group
Java Certified Programmer 04/2010
Oracle

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science 2003 - 2006
University of South Africa
Pretoria, South Africa
Computer Science

Master of Engineering 2012 - 2014
University of the Witwatersrand
Johannesburg, South Africa
Software Engineering

PUBLICATIONS

Perceptions of Agile methodology in South Africa presented and published at the International Conference on Networks, Communications, Wireless and Mobile Computing (NCWMC – 2016) in Zurich - Switzerland (https://airccj.org/CSCP/vol6/csit64819.pdf) – Computer Science Journal
Cyber Security, a Threat to Cyber Banking in South Africa presented and published at the 3rd International Conference on Cyber Security and Cloud Computing (CSCloud 2016) in Beijing – China (http://csis.pace.edu/CSCloud/2016/index.html) – IEEE Computer Society
Computational Secure ORAM (COMP SE-ORAM) with ῶ(log n) overhead: Amazon S3 case study – Random Access Location presented and published at the 3rd IEEE International Conference on Cloud and Fog Computing Technologies and Applications (IEEE Cloud Summit 2019) in Washington D.C. – USA (https://www.ieeecloudsummit.org/) – IEEE Computer Society
Architecture for Cybersecurity Cloud Networks published by Internet of Things and Cloud Computing (IOTCC) - Science Publishing Group (2022) https://www.sciencepublishinggroup.com/
Contact this candidate