Diego Armando Banderas Perez
Software engineer with 8+ years of experience in various programming
languages, including knowledge in ReactJS, NodeJs, NextJS, TypeScript. Passionate about enabling companies to create high-quality user interfaces and committed to continuous learning and professional development.
ad88we@r.postjobfree.com
Mérida, Yucatán, México
https://www.linkedin.com/in/diego
banderasp-94/
+52-932-***-****
EXPERIENCIA
Kueski, Remote: Frontend Engineer
NOV 2022 - PRESENT
Maintain and develop new features for the merchants' portal, Refactor legacy components to improve their performance and maintainability. Manage and optimize the customer funnel, Implement new functionalities based on business requirements, Develop A/B testing for evaluating the effectiveness of new features, Perform unit testing to ensure code quality and functionality, Fix bugs to ensure system stability and performance, Update the interface to the latest version to enhance user experience.
STACK: React, ReactQuery, Redux, styled-components, CSS3, testing-library, TypeScript, YUP.
Meru, Remote: Tech Lead Frontend
APRIL 2021 - NOV 2022
Analysis, planning, coordination, development, working with designers to enhance user experience and product managers, maintenance, and support of Meru's public and private applications for product sales from China to Mexico. Developed new features for customer control systems and supplier management applications, among others. Meru, Remote: Frontend Engineer
NOV 2020 - APR 2021
Analyzed, planned, and developed the first version of the company website with a team. Collaborated with designers and managers to ensure a cohesive and user-friendly design. Enabled suppliers to upload their products and view sales analysis on a dashboard. Integrated with API services to display suppliers' products on the main website, allowing clients to purchase directly.
STACK: NextJS, React, TypeScript, TailwindCSS, ReactQuery, AXIOS, YUP, testing library.
SKILLS
● Responsibility
● Adaptability to changes
● Teamwork
● Self management
● Proactivity
● Leadership
IDIOMAS
Spanish - Native
English -Intermediate
Homie.mx, Remote: Frontend Engineer
AUG 2018 - NOV 2020
Analysis and requirement development of a dynamic platform. migrating from VUE to React, redesign versions and refactoring legacy components. Collaborated with managers and UX/UI designers
STACK: React, TypeScript, styled-components, redux, and flux, formik, CSS, VUE
Simetrical, Merida YUC MX: Full Stack developer
JAN 2018 - JUL 2018
Creation of KPI modules for the application, generation of tables in MySQL, maintenance and bug fixing, create cron jobs to read Excel files and formatting data using Paradox DB, and creation of routes in the API using Symfony PHP.
STACK: PHP, VUE, MySQL, Paradox, Symfony, Axios, Gulp, CSS3, Bootstrap, GULP
I+D Innovacion, Merida YUC MX: Full Stack developer AUG 2017 - JAN 2018
Created a landing page and website using JSP and WordPress. Created modules for a clothing store to generate purchase packages for customers and implement package tracking.
STACK: PHP, VUE, WordPress, MySQL, html5, CSS, Javascript, Bootstrap, JAVA
Realhost, Monterrey NL MX: PHP developer
JAN 2017 - AUG 2017
Design and implement new features to enhance the ERP system. Add Angular components to PHP pages to introduce dynamic features and improve interactivity, Ensure smooth integration and functionality across the application.
STACK: PHP, MySQL, Yii, Composer, Angular, Axios, Material Design, CSS GRUPO IT SOLUTIONS, TGZ Chiapas MX: Full stack developer SEP 2016 - FEB 2017
Database creation for the development of an application that allows users to view public transport locations in the private sector, track the number of passengers who boarded and alighted during the day, update the company’s webpage, and perform server maintenance.
STACK: PHP, NodeJS, Angular 2, fetch, MariaDB, Codeigniter, WordPress, Bootstrap
Contact this candidate