Contact Me:
Granger, IN *****
574-***-****
ad8bdt@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/zrreid
github.com/zrreid-pro
Zachary Reid
Full Stack Developer
Technical
Skills
JavaScript
HTML
CSS
SCSS/Sass
React
Bootstrap
MongoDB
Express.js
Node.js
APIs
Git
Java
Python
Android Mobile
Kotlin
SQL
Object Oriented
Microsoft Office
XML
Debugging
Professional
Skills
Organization
Communication
Self-starter
Creative
Growth Mindset
Design Thinking
Certified Full Stack Web Developer with hands-on experience in web development and software engineering. Develops using JavaScript with an emphasis on React in conjunction with both SQL and NoSQL backend technologies. Looking for a position where I can actively participate in the development of web applications designed for either industrial or commercial use. Fully comfortable in Frontend, Backend, and Full Stack roles. Professional Experience
Freelance Web Developer/Consultant
November 2023 – Present
• Consults with local small businesses about their website needs.
• Develops responsive and stylish React web apps for clients using current best practices.
Software Engineer
Eagle Technologies December 2021 – November 2023
• Worked directly with clients to create automation solutions that fit the requirements of each project.
• Created projects using Ignition SCADA that function as the communication bridge between the automated machine and the SQL database storing the collected data.
• Created an android mobile app to scan product data and communicate with a SQL Database on a cloud server using Restful API. Software Engineering Coach
Kenzie Academy May 2021 – December 2021 Part-time
• Taught complex JavaScript, React, Bootstrap, MongoDB, Express.js, and Node.js concepts to new developers.
Junior Software Engineer
Physicians Holistic Health Alliance June 2017 – April 2019
• Designed algorithms to solve logistical problems involving scheduling nurse shifts and patient appointments using Java.
• Created functionality to collect and organize data into graphs and charts. Education & Certifications
Full Stack Web Development Certification
Kenzie Academy October 2021
• Successfully completed an intensive 9-month, full-time training program creating team-based projects using frontend and backend technologies to build responsive, full-stack websites (MERN Stack).
• Used Github to maintain project integrity and manage project updates through merge requests.
Bachelor of Science in Business
Indiana University, Kelley School of Business May 2020
• Majored in Entrepreneurship and Corporate Innovation – learning how to take a concept from ideation to execution and organize workflow.
• Minored in Computer Science – focusing on object-oriented programming and data structures using Java and Python.
Contact this candidate