HD

H U N G D I N H

**** ***** **** ***** ******** Company
Fairfax, VA 22032 5700 Rivertech Ct
571-***-**** Riverdale MD 20737
ad8cgn@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

I am a highly motivated and experienced software tester with 20+ years of experience in testing science software applications for NASA's Earth Observing System Data and Information System (EOSDIS). I have a proven track record of successfully identifying and resolving software issues, ensuring that applications are released on time and to the highest quality standards. I have a keen eye for detail and an aptitude for quickly understanding complex software systems, and I am committed to ensuring that all software applications are efficient and secure. I am a quick learner and work with minimal supervision. Using my experience, I am looking to obtain a full-time position to become value team members.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer, Raytheon, Oct 1999 Oct 2010, Landover, MD
Upgraded and modified C++ code for Science Data Server Subsystem(SDSRV). The SDSRV Subsystem supports clients to ingest, search, acquire, and delete data in the ECS repositories
Upgraded and modified stored procedures in SQL, Sybase.
Upgraded and Modified on a Java application which generates metadata in XML format based on metadata stored in database tables. Utilized object oriented programming while working with JDBC and Sybase in a UNIX environment.
Developed on a Java based GUI used by operators at customer sites to monitor and configure the system. Upgraded and modified codes for GUI using Java, JavaScript, Java Server Pages (JSP), and Java Server Faces (JSF).

Software Tester, SSAIC, Oct 2010 Oct 2015, Lanham, MD
I was moved from Raytheon Company to a Subcontract SSAIC and worked in the same program with Raytheon.

I developed, executed and maintained test strategy, test plans, test scenarios, test suites and test cases for different science data instruments such as The NASA National Snow and Ice Data Center Distributed Active Archive Center (NSIDC DAAC), The Land Processes Distributed Active Archive Center (LP DAAC) . I collaborated with other teams to establish cross-team regression testing plans. Each test to make sure data integrity stability end-to-end. After software system updates, we planned several agile sprints to execute regression test to make sure software works as customers required. This proved to be a high business value for our customers, ensures dependability, security compliance, and high performance, which leads to time savings, cost effectiveness, and customer satisfaction for those list works below.

Release Security Updates for RHEL 5.3 with 5.5
RHEL 5.3 Patches
Java Updates for Linux and Solaris 10 Hosts at the
DAACs
Firefox 3.6.8 for RHEL 5 and Solaris 10 to the DAACs
RHEL 5.5 with February 2011 Patches, PowerPath 5.5,
and Firefox 3.6.15 to the DAACs
SQS 3.7.1 for Linux to the DAACs
RHEL 5.6 September 2011 Patches and Firefox 3.6.23 to
the DAACs
Java 7u11 for Linux and Solaris 10 hosts for ECS sites
Java 7u21 for RHEL 5/6 and Solaris 10 hosts

Software Tester, Raytheon Company, Oct 2015 Aug 2024, Riverdale MD

I developed, executed and maintained test strategy, test plans, test scenarios, test suites and test cases and Test summary reports for different science data instruments
I collaborated with other teams to establish cross-team regression testing plans. Each test to make sure data integrity stability end-to-end. After software system updates, we planned several agile sprints to execute regression tests to make sure software works as customers required. This proved to be a high business value for our customers, ensures dependability, security compliance, and high performance, which leads to time savings, cost effectiveness, and customer satisfaction for those list works below.

Java 8u65 for RHEL 5/6 and Solaris 11 hosts to the
DAACs
Java 8u101 for RHEL 5/6 and Solaris 11 hosts to the
DAACs
Java 8u111 for RHEL 5/6 and Solaris 11 hosts to the
DAACs
PostgreSQL 9.6.8 for the Server for Installation at the
DAACs
Apache 2.4.59 and Tomcat 9.0.87 to the DAACs

.

EDUCATION

BS, Computer Information Science. Dec 1999
University of Maryland Univ Col College Park, MD
SKILLS
C/C++, OOP, Perl, Java, HTML, JSP, UNIX, Solaris 8, Linux, Windows, Rogue Wave, UNIX, Rational tools Problem Solving.
(Clearcase, Purify), SQL, Sybase, Postgress, Netbeans, DDTS, Test, Track Pro, Jira, DataDog synthetic testing, Jama, Redhat, linux, shell scripts

REFERENCES

References are available upon request.
PERSONAL - CITIZENSHIP

U.S. citizen
Contact this candidate