Abe Austin
Residence: Saratoga Springs, Utah / E-mail: ad8dfm@r.postjobfree.com / Phone: 801-***-****

Revver (June 2020-August 2024) Full-Stack Senior Engineer
Rolled out a major upgrade to our web application. Utilized feature flags and an opt-in/out system to gradually deliver changes to our customers and gather feedback.
Created a desktop application to identify which of our services were installed locally, monitor and report their health, and provide one-click updates for them.
Overhauled user license and file access system, providing account admins clear and intuitive control of which employees had access to which features.
Implemented a metering system whereby certain features could be made available on a per-use or license basis.
Maintained legacy projects and developed third-party integrations.
Participated in sales calls and provided API training for customers.
Trained/mentored new developers and QA team members.
Technologies: Azure DevOps, AngularJS, Entity Framework, React, .NET, PostgreSQL, Selenium, WixSharp, WOPI, WPF

Optum Insight (April 2017-June 2020) Lead Front-End Engineer
Led front-end development in the creation of a new web application to allow the Claims Department to process millions of records per day.
Trained/mentored new front-end developers.
Maintained and deployed new builds for legacy applications.
Upgraded frontend to a modern Angular environment with unit tests in Jasmine and automated tests through Protractor.
Technologies: AngularJS, Angular, Jasmine, .NET, Oracle, Protractor

Azteca Systems LLS (May 2016-February 2017) Software Engineer
Converted old Silverlight code into the Angular framework.
Implemented a Webhook system for third-party vendors to extend our application.
Updated authentication process and added a new data encryption system.
Technologies: Angular, Jira, .NET, MySQL

Security National (July 2015-May 2016) Software Engineer
Met with members of different departments to develop custom tools.
Added functionality for sales managers to set performance goals and track team members’ progress through a web application.
Created an export tool to transfer data from Excel documents into a PDF.
Designed a mobile application for the maintenance crew to receive live work assignments through push notifications.
Technologies: Android Studio, Microsoft SQL Server, .NET
Contact this candidate