QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS

Experience implementing/integrating multiple technologies into enterprise level solutions
Experience migrating systems to the cloud
Experience using different development methodologies

SUMMARY OF TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

ASP.NET
C#
.Net Core
HTML
MS-SQL
XML
Json
MVC
Typescript
.Net Remoting
Web Services
Web API
Javascript
jQuery
Telerik/Kendo
Azure
Angular
Signal R
Docker
NoSQL

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Honeywell – Phoenix, AZ 2023 - 2024
Sr. Software Engineer (Contractor) (2023-2024) - Tech Stack: C#, .Net 6, Docker, Dapr, gRPC, MongoDB, OpenShift, Blazor
Assigned to the Anthem project. The aim of the project is to create a set of tools to help other engineers create an avionic package.
Worked as part of a team to modify a distributed system to support the injecting of new data and associating it with the corresponding pieces in the system.

Wex – Remote 2022 - 2023
Sr. Software Engineer III (Contractor) (2022-2023) - Tech Stack: C#, .Net 6, Web API
The Wex health division partners with companies to manage healthcare benefit accounts like HSAs, HRAs, FSAs, and COBRA. Wex health creates white-label technology solutions that seamlessly integrate into partner’s brands and businesses.
Worked as part of the HSA team to integrate a new brokerage provider into the distributed system. The functionality allows the end-user to take funds from their HSA account and invest in the stock market.

LexisNextus – Remote 2022 - 2022
Sr. Software Engineer (Contractor) (2022) - Tech Stack: C#, MySQL, .Net Core, Web API
The Risk Solutions division of LexisNextus provides companies with background information about individuals. The division also provides the ability for consumers to contact them and have the data provided to them and dispute it.
Worked as part of a team to update a micro-service with a new source of data.

Integrated Transportation Management – Scottsdale, AZ 2021 - 2021
Sr. Software Engineer (2021 - 2021) - Tech Stack: C#, SQL Server, Azure, Entity Framework Core, .Net Core, Web API, Angular2, Typescript
Integrated Transportation Management is a data & technology company dedicated to the logistics industry. ITM enables small-to-midsized businesses have access to a robust direct-to-carrier transportation management system (TMS) without an intermediary.
Worked as part of a team to move system generated forms from the Api server to an asynchronous process as the first step in moving a monolith application to a distributed architecture based system.
Assisted in implementing new major functionality which enabled customers to schedule a full truck to meet their shipping needs
Stood up new cloud based components as needed

MiniSoft – Phoenix, AZ 2018 - 2021
Sr. Software Engineer (2018 - 2021) - Tech Stack: C#, VB.Net, SQL Server, Azure, Entity Framework Core, .Net Core, ASP.Net, Web API, Signal R, Telerik, Angular2, Typescript, Ionic-framework, Third party services
MiniSoft provides a software suite to assist law firms with the collections process. As a lead developer I assist other members of the team in creating the next generation of software as well as designing and implementing major areas of a new multi-tenant system. Specifically responsible for:
Partnering with the executive team in delegation of work assignments considering time-lines, technical requirements, and experience of individual team members.
Worked as part of a team of many stake holders to determine project goals and set expectations.
Maintained moral while ensuring project goals where meet.
Mentored team members on newer technology while growing domain knowledge.
Designed and implemented Web API applications using a loosely coupled/testable application architecture multiple times.
Designed and implemented a Service Fabric cluster to support sending and retrieving notifications to mobile devices.
Established the base-line for a client application to be ran on an Android device using the Ionic-framework and Cordova.
Refactored a Windows application which used a Hybrid Relay to be generic and reduce maintenance cost. The application provides access to a SQL database behind a firewall.
Designed and implemented a ASP.Net Core application which used Signal R to monitor a Hybrid Relay application.
Designed and implemented a proof of concept to do queries against Entity Framework where only the model would need to be updated.
Stood up new cloud based components as needed
Researched/Evaluated tools and technologies for use and integration into the system.
Assisted with various issues as needed.

Uhaul – Phoenix, AZ 2016 - 2018
Sr. Software Developer (2016 - 2018 ) - Tech Stack: C#, ASP.NET MVC, Web API, Javascript, Sql Server
Uhaul is well known for its "do-it-yourself" moving and self-storage business. The IT side of the organization has multiple teams with multiple responsibilities. As a member of the team responsible for maintaining/creating the software used by the human resources department I was responsible for:
Created a new Web API service to retrieve documents from a secure source.
Assisted with various issues as needed.

Phoenix Energy Technologies – Irvine, CA 2016 - 2016
Sr. Software Engineer (2016 - 2016) - Tech Stack: C#, ASP.NET MVC, .Net Core, Web API, jQuery, Angular2, Sql Server
Phoenix provides services to its clients in the energy management sector. The software used by Phoenix helps monitor and control the energy usage of builds controlled by their clients. Responsible for:
Documenting the architecture of the current solution
Assisted in requirements gathering and analysis of new Demand Manager Application
Completing proof of concept application(s) to demonstrate proposed software architecture, libraries, & tools to other members of the team.
Assisted with various issues as needed.

Infor – Scottsdale, AZ 2014 - 2016
Software Engineer, Principle (2014 - 2016) - Tech Stack: C#, ASP.NET, Rest API, Dojo, Sql Server
Infor specializes in enterprise software ranging from financial systems and resource planning to supply chain and customer relationships. Responsible for:
Maintaining and enhancing the CRM system.
Designed and implemented a generic importing engine which can be customized by business partners.
Assisted with various issues as needed.

Spindle – Scottsdale, AZ 2014 - 2014
Sr. Software Developer (2014 -2014 ) - Tech Stack: C#, MVC, Web API, jQuery, Telerik/Kendo, Sql Server, AWS
Spindle is a financial provider . Responsible for maintaining and enhancing payment processing system.
Integrated the system with Bugsnag.com
Designed and implemented a reporting system utilizing reporting controls created by Telerik, Web API, and Windows Services.

Tempe Union High School District – Tempe, AZ 2014 - 2014
Software Application Engineer (2014 - 2014) - Tech Stack: C#, ASP.NET, Sql Server
Tempe Union High School District is the high school district for Tempe Arizona. Responsible for maintaining and enhancing the integration of enterprise level systems and writing detailed documentation.

Edupoint Educational Systems – Mesa, AZ 2006 - 2013
Software Developer III (2006 - 2013) - Tech Stack: C#, ASP.NET, Web Services, Javascript, Sql Server
Edupoint Educational Systems is a market leader which develops custom software for educators. Responsible for enhancing and extending the current code-base, writing detail design specifications, training and mentoring members of the development team, supporting external developers, and supporting release production. Responsibilities also included interfacing with clients to resolve production issues and gathering of information to meet various needs in a timely manner.
Implemented multiple libraries used to load and calculate student and staff related data. The libraries encouraged reuse in multiple areas of the system and accounted for location specific issues.
Designed and implemented new reports and extracts used to interface with state agencies for reporting purposes.
Created a new area of the system which allowed requests from external system to be made and processed for specified data.
Developed and enhanced product functionality using ASP.Net, Web Services, C# with persistent storage being MS-SQL or Oracle.

Crystaltech - Phoenix, AZ 2005 - 2006
Programmer (2005 - 2006) - Tech Stack: C#,VB.Net, ASP.NET, .Net Remoting, Javascript, Sql Server
Crystaltech is a web hosting company. Crystaltech’s main system allow customer and support personal to administrate web sites. Responsible for maintaining existing code and enhancing current system functionality.
Designed and implemented a new service to remotely administrate servers including the remote installation of certificates.
Instructed and mentored Jr. members of development team
Designed and implemented an enhancement to company system in enable menu system to be dynamically generated from a database.
Maintained company system using Asp.Net, C#, VB.Net, and WMI with persistent storage being SQL 2000.

CyberDev Consulting - Phoenix, AZ 2004 - 2005
Independent Contractor (2004 - 2005) - Tech Stack: C#, VB.Net, ASP.NET, .Net Remoting, VB.Net, Sql Server
CyberDev Consulting is a custom software development company, which provides development services to other companies.
Designed and implemented an order system for a window blind manufacturing company.
The system utilized Window Forms and C# interfacing into MS-SQL. The system was designed to work on multi-platforms including Windows CE.
Developed multiple web based applications for a system sold to chiropractors. The applications where created using Asp.Net, C#, and VB.Net interfacing into MS-SQL.
Designed and implemented a utility to transfer data between systems. This utility was designed with a transfer between Windows CE and a Windows based machine running a version of MS-SQL in mind to eliminate the need for IIS on the receiving machine.

AzTravelCenter - Scottsdale, AZ 2003 - 2004
Software Architect (2003 - 2004) - Tech Stack: C#, ASP.NET, Sql Server
AzTravelCenter is a small travel agency that also provided hosting services. Responsible for software design and development in a .Net environment.
Designed and developed multiple applications in effort to produce a paperless office using Asp.Net, C# and a MySql database.

NCS Pearson L.L.C. - Mesa, AZ 2000 - 2002
Software Analyst / Programmer (2000 - 2002) - Tech Stack: C, DB4
NCS Pearson is a multi-national corporation that develops custom software for educators in C/C++ and Java. Responsible for maintaining existing code, performing technical leadership on assigned projects, assisting in gathering requirements, writing functional and detail design specifications, system analysis, design, attending status meetings, and supporting release production. Development performed on MAC OS and Windows platforms to support multiple RDBMS.
Developed a new set of reports, extracts and report interfaces for the State of Colorado. This involved learning a proprietary API, which was accomplished in a two-month period versus the expected six-month learning curve.
Designed, documented, and implemented two modules which allowed the user to pull data from anywhere in the system into an area where the users could run business rules and output the data to a file. The database ranged in size from 1 GB to 8 GB.
Designed and implemented a data storage algorithm as a solution to save custom data for reports. The algorithm transformed data from an array of integers, with a max storage size of 1000 values, into a bit field 125 bytes in size.
Improved the efficiency of report processing, measured as the time to execute, by about 800% (reduced from 40 to 5 minutes). This resulted in a personal contact by the client to the NCS Pearson CEO to express his satisfaction with the end product.
Created and documented the procedures for setting up and configuring a development environment to support a division-wide change in the primary development platform.

Allstate Athletic Supply – Rusk, TX 1997 - 1999
Programmer (1997 - 1999) - Tech Stack: VB, MS-Access
Allstate Athletic supplied schools with athletic equipment and uniforms. Responsible for providing technical expertise in the areas of hardware, purchasing, networking, and programming.
Designed and implemented an order/invoicing system. The new software increased storage capacity and allowed multiple users to use the system simultaneously.

EDUCATION

Stephen F. Austin State University
Nacogdoches, Texas
Major: Computer Science Minor: Mathematics
Tyler Jr. College
Tyler, Texas
Associate of Arts Degree in Computer Sciences
Contact this candidate