Sofia Das Aguas
Poway, Ca ad8ffc@r.postjobfree.com
Qualifications Profile
Solutions-oriented Senior Consulting Software Engineer with advanced knowledge and expertise designing and developing highly sophisticated software applications.
1Leverage a diverse array of software, tools and programming languages to design and code complex software associated with compilers and database internals. Data structures and algorithms expert.
2Proven capabilities advancing the state of data base software (both front and back-end).
3Skillfully apply wide-ranging knowledge of leading-edge technologies and programming methodologies to ensure IT architectures and process remain competitive.
4Respected technical subject-matter expert with extensive catalog of publications including five books, seven patents, patents proposals and copyrights.
5Outstanding leadership, training and mentoring talents, with experience building and managing project teams for several multimillion-dollar development projects.
6Languages proficiencies include fluency in Portuguese, intermediate Spanish skills.
Systems Design & Implementation / Project Management / Compilers /
Parallel Programming / Database Internal Engine Design/Implementation/Maintenance / Technical Documentation and testing.
Technical Proficiencies
Platforms:
Windows, UNIX/LINUX, Unisys MCPII, IBM OS, VMware.
Tools:
Professional Visual Studio(VC++ over 15 years), Lex, Yacc, GPSS, SAS, ClearCase, XML.
Programming:
Ada, ALGOL, Assembler, C, C CLIPS, COBOL, FORTRAN, Java, LISP, Modula-2, Pascal, Perl, PL/I, SQL.
Experience

Several Transportation Companies. 2016-present. Limousine and CDL A Truck driver. Dry van, intermodal and refer over the road.

Senior Consulting Software Engineer, Teradata Corporation, 2001 – March 2015.
Design, code and maintain highly complex software system. Perform R&D for massively parallel RDBMS with more than six million lines of C and C++ code. Work primarily on database engine (internals) front end. Build, lead and mentor project teams with up to 5 software engineers. Manage projects with budgets in excess of $2M.
Liaise across departments, and with all levels of management to gather requirements and ensure alignment of technical solutions with business needs. Design and develop documentation on software features for several releases. Maintain extensive records on development and maintenance efforts. Generate progress reports. Implemented POC for patent#2 improving query execution time from hours to a few minutes for queries with large in lists.
Key Achievements:
1Recognized company-wide as a subject-matter expert and technical authority, with a history of delivering high levels of creativity, productivity and quality. Most creative within company.
2Served as project lead for several highly complex revenue-generating projects.
3Developed and implemented several procedures to enhance software development processes.
4Successfully delivered outstanding number of patents and patent proposals.
Software Architect & Engineer Consultant, NYC & Brazil 1993 – 2000.
Designed and developed sophisticated software systems for clients across an array of industries. Pursued and cultivated productive relationships. Interfaced extensively with clients to gather requirements, provide project updates and deliver post-implementation support. Managed high-dollar project budgets. Determined project scope and created schedules to ensure completion on time and within budget. Key Projects & Achievements:
1Orchestrated development and implementation of the fastest Ada95/SQL compiler/interpreter available at the time, consisting of 220,000 source lines.
2Designed and deployed software tool for RGems Corporation enabling seamless integration of production line and accounts receivable controls, application is still in use as a core element of the company’s daily operations.
3Championed design and deployment of development environment for NYU-Ada translator enabling full Ada language translations, product garnered interest from multiple companies across 45 countries. Both #1 and #2 projects attracted millions of users among thousands of institutions around the world.
Additional Experience
Associate Computer Science Professor, Universidade Luterana do Brazil, Bairro São José, Brazil
Computer Science Professor, Universidade Vale do Rio dos Sinos, São Leopoldo, Brazil
Associate Professor, Pontifícia Universidade Católica do RGS, Porto Alegre, Brazil
Recruited, hired and trained academic staff. Created class schedules and assigned professors. Designed class curricular and instructional materials. Provided instruction in a wide array of subjects including data structures and algorithms, object oriented programming, compiler design and implementation, and Ada programming. Key Achievement:
5Served as dean of School of Informatics at Pontifícia Universidade Católica do RGS.
Education and Credentials
Doctor of Science (D.Sc.) in Computer Science, 05/1993, Gpa 4.0
The George Washington University, Washington, DC
Masters in Computer Science, Software and Systems, 05/1985, GPA 3.68
Central Michigan University, Mount Pleasant, MI
Bachelors in Business Administration, System Analysis & Computer Science, 07/1983
Ranked 1st in SA and CS majors
Pontifícia Universidade Católica do RGS, Brazil

Professional Certifications
Teradata Advanced Professional ~ Teradata SQL Specialist
Teradata Implementation Specialist ~ Teradata Basics
Association
Association for Computing Machinery (ACM)
Honors
Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, California: Alien of Extraordinary Ability - Tau Beta Pi, GWU DC Gamma Chapter - Golden Key National Honor Society, O.S.U. Chapter.
Patents
1.System, method, and computer-readable medium for grouping database level object access counts per processing module in a parallel processing system. US Patent# 9,244,838, January 26, 2016.
2.Query execution plan revision for error recovery. US Patent# 8,938,644, January 20, 2015.
3.Method and system for organizing values of alternative equality conditions. US Patent# 8,527,498, September 3, 2013.
4.Method and system for optimizing database system queries. US Patent#8,290,935. October 2012.
5.Performing SQL query optimization by simplifying sub-expressions. US Patent#8,140,521. March, 2012.
6.Method and system for querying tables stored on multiple processing modules. US Patent# 7,877,372. January, 2011.
7.Method and System for Transforming Multiple Alternate Equality Conditions. US Patent# 7,457,795 November, 2008.
83 Patent Proposals
Books
1.Pascal Language (in Portuguese), Fabiana Lorenzi and Sofia das Aguas, Ed. ULBRA, 127 pages, 2000, ISBN 85-85692-65-0.
2.Data Structures for Software Construction – Vol. I, Basic Level (in Portuguese), Sofia das Aguas, Ed. ULBRA, 440 pages, 1999, ISBN 85-85692-65-0.
3.Data Structures for Software Construction – Vol. II, Intermediate Level (in Portuguese), Arthur Vargas Lopes, Ed. ULBRA, 615 pages, 1999, ISBN-95-85692-71-5.
4.Introduction to Programming with Ada 95 (in Portuguese),, E Sofia das Aguas\. ULBRA, 423 pages, 1997, ISBN 85-85692-38-3.
5.The C Language – practical programming (in Portuguese), Sofia das Aguas and Becker, B. F., author's edition, 200 pages, 1986.
Contact this candidate