Profile

Name: Archana Katta Email: ad8flb@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +1-832-***-****

Professional Summary:

IT Professional with 8+years Expertise in Software Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation Skilled in AWS & Azure Cloud
Professional Summary
●A qualified Bachelor of Engineering with a technical background and expertise in multiple domains within IT, Banking, and Insurance.

●Extensive experience in developing applications using Java technologies, including Java, J2EE, Spring, Spring Boot, Spring Data JPA, REST-API, and Microservices.

●Proven track record in developing both monolithic and microservices-based applications.

●Familiar with various software development processes and models, including Agile and Waterfall.
●Proficient in working with Oracle, SQL, MySQL, and H2 databases.

●Exceptional analytical and programming skills, creating flexible and maintainable solutions for complex development challenges.
●Experienced in using Jenkins for CI/CD, as well as hands-on with Git (Distributed Version Control), Maven (Build Tool), Nexus (Build Artifacts), and SonarQube (Code Quality Checking).
●Dedicated, results-oriented, and eager to learn new technologies and tackle challenging tasks.

●Strong interpersonal and communication skills, effectively interacting with clients and team members.

●Provides assistance to peers for technical and functional clarifications to ensure timely product delivery.
●Involved in reviewing tasks both functionally and technically to improve accuracy and reduce rework.

Reports daily status updates to all stakeholders, including clients.
Experience Summary:

●Working as Senior Consultant with Infosys from May-2024 to till date
●Worked as Consultant with Capgemini from April-2022 to May-2024
●Worked as Software Engineer with HCL Technologies from Dec-2018 to April-2022
●Worked as Java Developer with Midbrains Technologies from Oct-2016 to Dec- 2018

Educational Qualification:

Bachelor of Engineering in IT from Pune University, First Class with Distinction Pune.
Diploma in IT from MSBTE,First Class with Distinction Mumbai.

Technical Skills:

Technologies
Java, J2EE,Java8
Distributed Technologies
Restful Services
Frameworks
Spring Framework, Spring Boot, Spring Data JPA, Microservice
Databases
Oracle, MySQL & SQL, MongoDB(Knowledge)
Web/App Servers
Tomcat
IDE
STS, Eclipse & IntelliJ
Operating System
Windows and Linux
Tools
Maven, GIT, Log4J, Junit, Mockito, JIRA, Jenkins, Nexus, Sonar Qube, Jacoco, Azur Board, Azur Repository, Mockito
Cloud
AWS,Azur,GCP
Other
Data modelling, UML

PROJECT DETAILS:

Project # 4: 9970- Various Rate Enquiry – MetLife
Environment: Java, Spring Boot, Spring Data JPA, Microservices, Azur and Oracle Industry: Health Insurance
Role: Consultant as API developer Team Size : 8

Project Objective

The objective of the project is to generate various rate enquiry reports from an Oracle database using a System API developed with Spring Boot Data JPA. This eligibility system is designed for MetLife account users and agents, providing access to the System API via a channel API. Detailed reports of rates from past months can be retrieved and printed on forms.
Roles & Responsibilities

1.Involved in Client interaction on regular basis to understand the Business of the through functional overview of legacy code.
2.As per analysis for legacy code need to generate the AS-Is Analysis & TO-Be Analysis.
3.In To-Be analysis we need to have all details of JSP label names, Beans, DB Table columns, New UI attribute name of Microservice
4.Developed Rest API’s using Spring Boot
5.After this analysis Actual development started. In this development I have written code for getting details of Various rates by Spring boot through Database JPA.
6.Involved in the Analysis, Design, Coding, modification, and implementation of user requirements.
7.Developed Controller layer, process layer, and Database layer
Involved in performing Unit testing using JUnit, Mockito.
Project # 3: 9902- Conservation Report Application – MetLife
Environment: Java, Spring Boot, Spring Data JPA, Microservices, Azur and Oracle Industry: Health Insurance
Role: Consultant as API developer Team Size : 8

Project Objective
The aim of this project is to generate a Conservation Policy Report from an Oracle database using a System API developed with Spring Boot Data JPA. This system serves MetLife account users and agents, providing access through the System API via a channel API using branch code, agent code, or policy number for a specified period. The detailed report includes information on lapsed, withdrawn, void, terminated, and invalid policies over the past months, which can be printed on forms.

Roles & Responsibilities

1.Involved in Client interaction on regular basis to understand the Business of the through functional overview of legacy code.
2.Analysis did for 9902-conservation Report Legacy code Analysis.
3.As per analysis for legacy code need to generate the AS-Is Analysis & TO-Be Analysis.
4.In As-Is we need to have all Screens JSP-Servlet mapping
5.In To-Be analysis we need to have all details of JSP label names, Beans, DB Table columns, New UI attribute name of Microservice
6.Developed Rest API’s using Spring Boot
7.After this analysis Actual development started. In this development I have written code for getting details of this policy by Spring boot through Database JPA.
8.Involved in the Analysis, Design, Coding, modification, and implementation of user requirements.
9.Developed Controller layer, process layer, and Database layer
Involved in performing Unit testing using JUnit, Mockito.
Project # 2 : Citadel-HSBC project
Environment: Java, java8, Spring Boot, Rest API Industry: Banking - Insurance
Role: API developer Team size : 10
Description :
Citadel is implemented for Malesia Users. This is Banking-Insurance project.

Responsibilities :

●Involved in Client interaction on regular basis to understand the Business of the client.
●Involved in the Analysis, Design, Coding, modification, and implementation of user requirements in the Citadel application.
●Developed Rest API’s using Spring Boot.
●Developed in Consuming Rest API’s using Spring Rest Template.
●Developed Controller layer, process layer, and Integration layer in the provider side.
●Did the JSON mapping for the Rest Api call properties.
●We did development of process Api in HSBC. Eg. Landing page, Plan creation, Acceptance page.
●Also integrated Service API (System API) for getting data from database
●Development of Integration between other HSBC client modules. eg. Hub, Allianz, Campaign Third Api call.
●Involved in performing Unit testing using JUnit, Mockito, Power Mockito.

Project # 1: Automatic drawing Schedule(ADS) Project Environment: Java, java8, Spring Boot, Rest API Industry: Banking - Insurance
Role: API developer Team size : 6

Responsibilities:

●Rest Api Web services implemented for,
oProgram info, Master project info, Model project info & project Event/ Activity list
●Rest Api Web services developed for,
oProject Member list, Project schedule info, Part structure, Part details
●Developed Controller layer, process layer, and Integration layer in the provider side.
●Involved in performing Unit testing using JUnit, Mockito, Power Mockito.
Contact this candidate