Drex Dixon
Provo, UT
801-***-**** ad8gr7@r.postjobfree.com
Objective
I have extensive experience as a team contributor providing outstanding customer support. I also have experience in leading and managing technical groups. I am reentering the workforce after an extended leave. I am looking for a new challenge outside of software development for a role that works more closely with customers.
I prefer a position locally in Utah/Salt Lake/Davis counties or working remote. Skills
Professional with exceptional communication skills, from phone/video call support, in-person mentoring, public speaking and writing technical documents.
Excellent interpersonal skills interfacing with company personnel and external customers.
Troubleshooting and resolving the most difficult issues.
Recognized by previous employers for leadership and mentoring skills.
Quickly grasp and learn new skills.
Work History
Feb 2016 – Present, Personal time off to be with family and recharge after contributing to a startup that went public. Rideshare (Uber/Lyft) driver providing above and beyond customer assistance to riders.
Jan 2015 – Jan 2016, HireVue, Senior Software Engineer. Became team lead for three other Engineers, helping to set and present team goals and outcomes to the entire Engineering and Project Management teams. Reported directly to CTO. Member of hiring committee.
July 2012 – Dec 2014, Sabbatical. Personal software project building a stock trading application.
May 2008 – June 2012, Fusion-io (now SanDisk). Staff Engineer, Team Lead, Development Manager. Managed, represented, helped with QA planning and interfacing with upper level management. Member of hiring committee.
March 2002 – Feb 2008, National Semiconductor Corporation. MTS Software Engineer. Developed applications to demonstrate new product capabilities. Education
BYU-Idaho, Graduated with Associates degree in Electrical Engineering Technology, with minor in Computer Science.
Weber State University and Utah Valley State College, Additional course work in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.
Ver: 07/19/2024
Contact this candidate