Westwood, MA
ad8hvt@r.postjobfree.com James J. Fallon IV linkedin.com/in/javajames
github.com/lokapujya
I am a full-stack software engineer.
Work Experience
Senior Software Engineer McKinsey & Company Jun 2023–Present Remote
● Created “Homer’s Donuts” which is a web game utilizing PHP, webGL, and three.js that scores the trainees, and teaches the user business specific needs. Also, created the database tables and provided a backend view for judges to see the scores for individuals and teams.
● Restructured the Drupal CMS to use Paragraphs, allowing content editors to rapidly prototype micro websites. I utilized CSS3, Flexbox, jQuery, and Drupal Layouts, and Twig templates. The sites used to take 1 month to design and can now be created in hours.
● Developed a business plan competition website by writing custom Drupal modules. Added ability to add team members and a dashboard to see all plans. The company directors praised the program for bringing on ideas and sparking innovation.
● Developed a dataviz site with chart.js to show the revenue increases that can be gained from using companies technology.
Fullstack Web Developer TheKnot.com Jan 2021–June 2023 Remote
● Upgraded Drupal website from Drupal 7 to Drupal 9.
● Built features for the Invitations editor using, Javascript, webGL, and fabric.js.
● Developed APIs to allow a Decoupled Drupal that has utilizes the Drupal CMS backend and allows for pieces of the front end to remain served by Drupal, or to be done in React.
● Wrote APIs to send the Invitations design to the printer.
● Wrote Drush hooks (or programs with SQL queries) to update carts and orders. Lead Software Developer Babson College Jan 2016–Jan 2021 Wellesley, MA
● Build Student Portal, and apps such as BELL (an advanced discussion board used in most business courses that allows students to collaborate on course assignments, and for instructors to grade work) in Drupal, PHP, React, Vue.js.
● Introduced SASS to structure the CSS in a way that is pre-compiled, mentored 3 other developers and led technical planning, increasing productivity.
● Developed a Backstop testing framework integrated into the CI pipeline that eliminated new bugs in the UI by detecting them before deployments.
● Created the donation ecommerce site helping the college increase its endowment.
● Created classroom tools for faculty using d3.js and webGL.
● Integrated a wide variety of external systems, such as Digital Measures (where faculty display activities and accomplishments). Wrote the Web Services to allow the systems to share data. Software Engineer Thomson Reuters Jan 2010-Jul 2016 Quincy, MA
● Developed Palantir, the tool used by 30 analysts to do web trademark searching. Pulled in data from multiple search engines and created a workflow using Javascript web app. I was the goto developer for adding feature requests from the analysts.
● Developed using c# to produce features for a CRM/Sales software. More experiences available on request.
Education
● B.Sc. Computer Science, Bridgewater State University. 1998–2001 o Concentration on programming in c++ and computer graphics with OpenGL and DirectX. Technologies and Languages
● Languages: C++, C#, PHP, CSS, CSS3, Javascript, Typescript, jQuery, Angular, React, Java, R
● Technologies: MySQL, SQL Server, Postgres, AWS, Git, Vite, Drush, Agile, chart.js, d3.js, Edge.js, Twig Projects
● Showcase Builder: Created a web3 project using Laravel, PHP, and React/Vite that organizes digital collectibles. It pulls in data from the FLOW blockchain and allows users to create, save, and load showcases.
● Semi-finalist in the MIT 100k business plan competition. We create an online marketplace for digital artists
● Core Contributor to Drupal 8 with over 100 commits to Core.
Contact this candidate