Shweta Badhe
Austin, TX - ***** 667-***-**** ad8h0a@r.postjobfree.com Linkedin: /shwetabadhe
Software Development Engineer - Frontend
I am a Software Development Engineer with 7 years of experience in designing and developing applications, specializing in Frontend Development. I have worked on various products, including multi-cloud management platforms and SaaS-based AI applications. Proven track record of delivering innovative solutions and driving project success. Seeking to leverage expertise in UI development and eager to contribute to mission-critical projects. Skills
● Software Design, Development ● JavaScript, Typescript, Java, ES6 ● Angular 13+, React, Springboot
● REST API, GraphQL ● Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, CI/CD ● MySQL, Mongodb
● Mentoring, Code Reviews ● Microservices, MicroFrontend, Agile ● HTML, CSS, RxJs, Karma, Jasmin Education
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Engineering (2013-2017), Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Technological University, India. Professional Experience
KYNDRYL SOLUTIONS, Sep 2022 – Feb 2024
Lead Software Engineering – Development:
● Led the development of the user interface design and development process by 35% through implementation of reusable component-based architecture with React.
● Implemented Widgets for UI and drag and drop feature for the graphical user interface which resulted in customer satisfaction and engagement.
● Reduced UI load time by 30% by optimizing components for maximum performance across a vast web of internet-connected devices.
● Written Unit test cases which drastically decreased application errors by 40%.
● Implemented Lazy loading and caching for API which resulted in increase in performance by 20%
● Collaborated with cross-functional teams to design and develop features and deliver high-quality solutions on time.
● Enhanced system performance by 20% by reducing multiple API requests calls, refactoring code.
● Reduced the defects list by 80% by prioritizing tasks based on severity.
● Provided technical guidance and mentorship to junior team members. Tools/Tech Stack: JavaScript, Typescript, Angular 9+, HttpClient, RxJS, ES6, REST API, Azure, Karma-Jasmine, TsLint GSLAB GAVS, OCT 2020 – JULY 2022
Senior Software Development Engineer:
● Led the development of a responsive and user-friendly AI platform interface, improving real-time performance.
● Worked on API integration with UI for features like filtering, tagging.
● Work on a state management system with React like react-redux to manage different states.
● Implemented fixes and features in JavaScript applications using React, Redux and ES6, leading to a 20% increase in user satisfaction.
● Reduced the bundle size by 60% by tree-shaking and code splitting.
● Mentored junior team members in the project and helped them with technical difficulties within the team. Tools/Tech Stack: Typescript, Javascript, React16, Redux, Axios, GraphQL, NextJs, Momentjs, Material UI, K9s. GSLAB GAVS, JULY 2017 – SEP 2020
Software Development Engineer:
● As part of the IBM Cloud Brokerage application development team, implemented UI for features such as tag management and data filtering on the dashboard, contributing to increased revenue
● Developed the Service Online application UI, a prototype for managing VMs on different hypervisors using AWS APIs using Django and html, css.
● Worked on IBM QRadar tool to enhance system security and detect security breaches by Python scripts. Tools/Tech Stack: Angular 6+, ES6, NgRx, Redux, ES6, Rest API, HTML, CSS, MySQL, JSON. Extracurricular
● Published paper at NeurIPS 2021 Data Centric AI (DCAI) (https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.12548 ).
● Secured the second position in a hackathon organized by Kyndryl, showcasing proficiency in AI technologies.
● FinOps Certified Practitioner – 2023.
● Azure Cloud fundamentals – AZ900.
● React - The Complete Guide 2024 (incl. Next.js, Redux) - Udemy.
● Micro Frontends with React: A Complete Developer's Guide - Udemy.
Contact this candidate