Dennis Dougherty
**** **** **** *****
Merritt Island, Florida 32952
Mobile: 321-***-****
Phone: 321-***-****

Job Objective: Senior Software Engineer
My roles and responsibilities during my career include:
In my current role I am a senior developer for Lockheed Martin on a Java J2EE web application project involving Java, Javascript, Angular, Rest, PrimeNG and PL/SQL development. In this role we are using the Agile methodology. Among the tools we are using are Confluence, Jira, BitBucket, and Git. We develop this software using Eclipse. This application runs on Oracle Weblogic.
In my previous role I was Chief Documentum Architect and Administrator for United Space Alliance for 14 years. The Documentum architecture for USA includes over 10 repositories, 5000 users and over 15Tb of data.
Formerly Certified EMC Documentum Systems Administrator.
Taken the lead analyst role on all Documentum upgrade/migration projects. This includes performing engineering assessments and estimates, implementation plan, test plan, and coordinating user acceptance testing. My duties have also included assigning tasks to other developers, tracking their progress, and integrating the complete solution.
Involved in all technology and architecture decisions of USA’s Documentum installation.
Provided 24x7 support for United Space Alliance’s Documentum systems.
My assignments have included performance analysis, tuning, and testing when necessary.
Lead Analyst performing resolution of problems with Documentum while interfacing with EMC Technical Support.
Lead developer on several Documentum development projects in a CMMI environment involved in all phases of the SDLC.
oPlanned, coordinated and scheduled the efforts of other developers on the team
oRequirements gathering
oAnalysis
oDesign & Development
oCoding using Java, Java Swing, Visual Basic, DMCL API, DFC, WDK, DQL, and Oracle SQL.
oIntegration Testing
oUser Acceptance Testing
oProduction Support
Resolve user issues over the phone and via NetMeeting or WebEx.
Performed various administrative tasks in Documentum including, but not limited to
oPerforming COTS software installation for Documentum, and Oracle WebLogic.
oPerforming adhoc queries in DQL and SQL
oMonitoring system health
oAdding/modification of users
oAdding/modification of permissions to users and groups
oAdding/moving content stores
oMonitoring system jobs
I have experience with the following technologies:
+ 40 years of experience in Software Engineering.
+ 15 years of Java programming experience.
+ 15 Oracle SQL and PL/SQL Developer experience.
+ 2 years of experience on Angular and REST.
+ 2 years of experience on BitBucket, Git, Confluence, Jira, Agile.
Eclipse J2EE development environment
JDeveloper J2EE development environment
Documentum DQL/SQL
J2EE Documentum WDK custom applications on WebLogic and Apache
Documentum Webtop (including customizations.) on WebLogic and Apache
Documentum Administrator on WebLogic and Apache
Records Manager and Retention Policy Services
Java, Javascript, and Java Swing programming
C programming
Visual Basic programming
HTML, XML, XSL, XSLT
Database schema design
WebLogic Server administration and installation
Apache Web server administration and installation
Windows Server system administration
Sharepoint Administration
Subversion (SVN) Version Control System Installation, Administration and Use
Vendor Training and Education
Documentum D6 Technical Bootcamp
BEA & Oracle Weblogic System Administration 8/9/10
Documentum System Administration
Documentum Technical Fundamentals
Documentum WDK Application Development
Documentum Workflow Development
Documentum Performance Tuning
Documentum Database Architecture
Microsoft Sharepoint Administration

Employment History
September 2013 – Present
Lockheed Martin Space Systems, 1 Pier Rd. Cape Canaveral, FL 32920
As a Sr. Software Engineer, I have been performing software development work on a Java J2EE web application involving Java, Javascript, and PL/SQL development utilizing SDLC methodologies as part of the IMPS development team. This application runs in an Oracle Weblogic Server environment utilizing an Oracle database.
April 1991 – September 2013
United Space Alliance, 8550 N. Astronaut Blvd, Cape Canaveral, FL 32920
I have been the Chief Documentum Architect and Administrator for the last 14 years. Before that I was a developer implementing software in the C programming language on OS/2.
December 1990 – April 1991
Analysts International Corporation, 7700 France Avenue South Suite 200 Minneapolis, MN 55435 United States
I was a Staff Analyst on contract to Lockheed Martin at Kennedy Space Center, Florida. I was a developer working in the C programming language on OS/2.
July 1989 – December 1990
McDonnell Aerospace, Kennedy Space Center, Florida
I was a Software Engineer working at Kennedy Space Center Florida. I was a developer programming in the C language on a UNIX system in a real-time environment. We were working on a system to checkout spacecraft and payloads in preparation for launch.
April 1987 – July 1989
Analysts International Corporation, 7700 France Avenue South Suite 200 Minneapolis, MN 55435 United States
I was a Staff Analyst and worked on a contract at IBM in Boca Raton, Florida to develop Communications System/2. CS/2 was a product in their Distributed Automation Edition. This was a package designed to help automate a factory floor. My work on this project was exclusively C programming on the OS/2 operating system.

July 1984 – April 1987
Scientific Systems Services, Melbourne, Florida
I was a Software Engineer Performed various software development tasks on prototypes used to simulate the Space Shuttle Launch Processing System. NASA was using the prototypes we developed to write requirements for CORE. CORE was a contract let to Harris Corporation to build a second generation LPS. CORE was cancelled by NASA before Harris was able to complete the project. This job involved C programming in a UNIX Real-Time environment. This job was located at Kennedy Space Center, Florida.
October 1982 – July 1984
Consultants & Designers, Cocoa Beach, Florida
I was a Software Engineer that worked under contract at IBM to perform software development on the Control, Checkout, and Montioring System (CCMS) of the Space Shuttle Launch Processing System (LPS). This job was located at Kennedy Space Center, Florida. In this position, I held a DISCO Secret Clearance.
Education
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from the University of Central Florida, July 1982

April 2024
Contact this candidate