Jesús Hurtado Molina
ad8hcf@r.postjobfree.com
****33020
SUMMARY
Experienced iOS Software Engineer with a proven track record of delivering robust ap- plications, resulting in millions of downloads. Proficient in developing solutions for iOS using SwiftUI. Jesús possesses several years of experience in practicing and mentoring Agi- le development methodologies.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
• Programming Languages: Swift, Objective-C.
• Design Patterns and Object-Oriented programming, writing code conforming to architecture standards like MVVM, Composable Architecture, VIPER, MVP, MVP- Coordinators, and other Swift coding standards to produce clean code applying SOLID principles.
• Practitioner of best programming practices, such as TDD, BDD, UITests, Code Re- views, and Pair programming.
• Proficient in Realm for local database management and async/await for asynchro- nous programming.
• Process of distributing apps for testing groups with TestFlight, Apple Store, FastLine, and Enterprise AdHoc Apps.
• Experience utilizing Xcode Cloud for continuous integration and delivery workflows.
• Certified Scrum Master, utilizing Agile frameworks such as Scrum or Lean Startup and tools like Jira.
• Experience with Git repositories such as GitHub or Bitbucket.
• Experience and knowledge of RESTful APIs
• Xcode, AppCode, Interface Builder, SwiftUI, Storyboards, Core Video, Core Location, UIKit, Map Kit, Core Graphics, Core Animation, and UIAccessibility features.
• Integration experience with third-party SDK Frameworks including Firebase, Face- book, AWS, and MS Azure.
• Databases: Realm, SQLite, Core Data.
EXPERIENCE
MAY 2022 - CLUBSPARK
Evolving and maintaining a portfolio of 10 key apps for major sports tennis orga- nizations including the LTA, ECB, USTA, and Tennis Australia. My key contributions:
Spearheading the transition from UIKit to SwiftUI, enhancing app efficiency and scalability. Collaborating in dynamic teams, focusing on high-quality, scalable code and innovative problem-solving. This role harnesses my deep understanding of the sports sector’s techno- logical needs, continuously expanding my expertise in a challenging environment. Utilized async/await and Xcode Cloud for optimized performance and cloud operations. Collabora- ted in dynamic teams, focusing on high-quality, scalable code and innovative problem-sol- ving.
Deep understanding of sports sector’s technological needs, continuously expanding exper- tise.
Proficient in latest Apple technologies including SwiftUI, CoreData, Realm, Async/Await. January 2021 - May 2022. Dekalabs - Contract - Little Thai Take Away Food App Developed using SwiftUI and Combine with the latest async await features introduced in iOS 15, the application offers seamless browsing of nearby restaurants and intuitive search capabilities by category, dish, or meal type. Users can customize their orders with maximum detail and add items to the cart effortlessly, with integrated user discounts for enhanced savings. Following the Model-View-ViewModel (MVVM) architecture, the app ensures main- tainability and scalability.
In my role as Co-Founder at Jevalma since September 2021, I've spearheaded initiatives generating over 80K in revenue through platforms like Shopify and Amazon. Currently, I lead the development of a transformative iOS application for Jevalma. This MVP-C app leve- rages SwiftUI and Combine to deliver instructional videos promoting mindfulness exercises, fostering a healthy lifestyle, and building a supportive community around meditation. Moreover, the application integrates artificial intelligence (AI) for voice prompt and script management, ensuring a seamless and personalized user experience. This innovative featu- re dynamically adapts content based on individual preferences and usage patterns, enhan- cing user engagement and interaction throughout.
April 2017- August 2021. Senior iOS Developer - SKY GO. A senior member of the development team at SKY Go, work- ing as a Senior Software Engineer for the SKY GO Team, engi- neering the latest versions of the Sky Go App.
Participated in meetings with the product owner on a regular basis to gather requirements and help them shape their roadmap.
Participated in other scrum ceremonies like daily scrum, sprint planning sessions and sprint retrospectives, using task management tools such as JIRA. Writing code conforming to ar- chitecture standards like MVVM and other Swift coding standards and SOLID principles, using Test-Driven Development (TDD / UI Tests) on a daily basis. Review pull requests from other developers and give them directions in terms of code archi- tecting, modularising and writing clean code.
December 2016 - March 2017. Emoticast.
Maintaining TuneMoji, a platform to share music GIFs with sound across all plat- forms such as iMessage, Messenger, WhatsApp, etc.
Swift over Model View Presenter (MVP) Architecture. October 2016 - December 2016. Candyspace - Kantar Shoppixapp Greenfield project, Kantar is the App that pays you for photos of your old receipts. I worked in the architecture and development design from the be- ginning, collaborating with UX and stakeholders to build the first iterations of the prototype, using Swift over a Model View Presenter with Coordinators
(MVP-C) Architecture.
August 2016 - September 2016. Meditation TV.
iPhone version, I have designed and produced a meditation App that starts you out with a seven-day program. This is a great way for beginners to start meditation.
Swift over Model View Presenter with Coordinators (MVP-C) Architecture. January 2016- July 2016. Senior iOS Developer - SKY TV. A senior member of the development team at SKY, working as a Senior iOS Engineer for the SKY Q iPad App.
Swift over Model View Presenter (MVP) Architecture. August 2014 - December 2015. Senior iOS Developer - Channel 4. A senior member of the development team at Channel 4, working on a truly Agile environment to build the All4 App, which is used by four mil- lion people every day.
Responsible for exposing the development team to the Agile practices that have become the norm during this time with the company.
Contributed greatly to increases in code quality and productivity in areas such as Test/Be- haviour Driven Development, Refactoring, Code Reviews, Pair Programming, Agile Estima- tion, and Planning.
Writing code conforming to architecture standards like VIPER. The agile development environment used to work with testers, and write unit tests, manag- ing tools like Jira, Continuous Integration Servers, such as Jenkins and TeamCity, GitHub repositories.
All4 Channel Four. https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/4od/id432494037?mt=8 I have been involved in the latest big releases.
June 2013 - July 2014. iOS Developer. Gowex Mobile - Ideup. I design and develop iOS software, and lead technical consulting and development using Scrum.
Yelmo Cines App
This is a geolocation App created to locate cinemas in different ways to help the user choose and buy tickets for a film.
Electricidad App
This tool helps the user save money on his energy bills by controlling different metrics in his house.
February 2012 - June 2013
Freelance Scrum Master, Infoempleo. Vocento Group. I lead the project Avanzaentucarrera.com and report directly to the CEO. I ensure that all business processes and procedures meet required standards and results, and are supported with appropriate IT strategy, infrastructure, and systems. My major achievement is the innovation of the product in the context of traffic, usability, rate conversion, and sales.
July 2008 - March 2011
Chief Information Officer, Comunitae.com, P2P Financial Services. I was hired to create the business from scratch. My responsibilities included software development, quality assurance, technology operations, business intelligence, and product management. I adapted the business concept to the Spanish market modelling the process, and finally, I wrote the functional analysis. Then I established the architecture based on Oracle and Java J2EE and I hired and managed various providers, leading them through ITIL best practices.
January 2003 - July 2008
Entrepreneur, Founder, and CEO, Constela Networks, Madrid. The vision of the company was to provide Internet Software products to companies. Launched time-based cryptocurrency social network Kronos. October 2001 - December 2002.
Senior Java Developer, Indra, a global technology, Madrid. I worked on several software management projects for the Energy and Industry sector. My responsibilities included: analysis of requirements, development of initial documentation, data modelling and development guidelines (Java, Oracle), the definition of tasks and sprints, time estimation, task assignment, management of development, and the attainment of objectives. I performed successfully simultaneous management of several development teams. April 2001 - September 2001.
Senior Java Developer, Fujitsu ICL, Madrid.
My duties included analysis of requirements, and development of the front office of the E-Banking platform of Popular Bank, where I was responsible for managing a cross-divisional IT team for developing, implementing and rolling out of new trading software system.
April 2000 - March 2001.
Senior Java Developer, Insa (IBM Group), Madrid.
I performed UML analysis and Java programming software for the biggest Spanish E- Commerce marketplace, El Corte Inglés. Managed IT resources, carried out code reviews and oversaw the design, testing, and implementation of applications to ensure quality, consistency, and proper functionality of delivered products. November 1995- March 2000.
Software Developer, Analogue at BBVA Bank, Madrid. I worked for five years as a programmer in Natural / Adabas and Cobol / Comics / DB2. I analysed and programmed banking services such as Splits, Debt Exchange, Corporate Governance, and Shareholders Club. EDUCATION
1992-1997 - MCs Software Engineering, Universidad Pontificia de Salamanca. 2000 Services. Java Technology. WebSphere Application Server. EJB. XML. UML at IBM Learning 2011 Oracle Database, 245 hours at Oracle. Official OCA Certificate 2012 SCRUM Master, given by Mike Beedle. SCM Certificate by Scrum Alliance. 2013 Master in Mobile Applications with iOS, Phonegap and Android. 2013 iOS programming. Agbo Training.
2013 Azure, Parse, Mobile backend as a service for iOS. Agbo Training. INTERESTS
Running, Coding Events, London, Photography, sports, cinema, reading, watching films, language exchange, going out with friends and family, meeting new people, international travel.
REFERENCES Available on request
Contact this candidate