Name: Abhi R
Email: ad8i4g@r.postjobfree.com
Phone Number: 609-***-****
Highly seasoned and accomplished QA Automation Engineer (Mobile & Web) with over 13+ years of experience, specializing in Software Testing with a solid understanding of test planning, test management, execution, and defect tracking in domains such as Pharma, Automobile, Retail and Finance. Able to function well independently or as part of a team.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Over 13+ years of experience in Software Manual and Automation Testing for Web-based and Client/Server applications.
Well versed in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC), Logging and Tracking Defects in all the phases with major responsibilities.
Experience in implementing different automation development efforts in Agile/Scrum & Waterfall development environments.
Conversant in developing Test Scenarios, Test Cases, Test Data, Test Procedures, Test Reports, and documentation in both Manual and Automation Testing.
Expertise in diverse types of testing like GUI Testing, Integration Testing, Functionality Testing, System Testing and User Acceptance Testing, Smoke testing, Sanity testing, Database testing, and Regression testing.
Expertise in Python, Java, and Object-Oriented Concepts required for Automation Frameworks.
Extensive experience with PyCharm IDE for writing, debugging, and testing Python code
Automated Smoke & Functional test cases using Selenium WebDriver, Unitest/Pytest/Robot & Python (PyCharm IDE and Ride IDE).
Experienced in developing Keyword-Driven, Data Driven, TDD, Behaviour driven & Hybrid Framework using Selenium WebDriver and Python.
Hands-on with SOAP UI & Postman API Web Services testing
Identified elements with different Selenium locators like ID, Link Text, Name, Partial Link Text, XPath, DOM, and CSS to create the scripts of Automation.
Hands-on knowledge on Test Driven Development (TDD), Behaviour Driven Development (BDD), and ATDD (Acceptance Test Driven Data) using Cucumber.
Experience in working with different test runner Frameworks like JUNIT and TestNG.
Expert in cross-browser testing, parallel testing, and Data-driven test execution using Selenium Web driver, TestNG, and Selenium Grid.
Implemented cloud-based automation on Sauce Labs and Browser Stack for various applications with various combinations of OS and browsers.
Scheduled build using Continuous Integration tool Jenkins.
Used Excel Spreadsheets and Apache POI to process the spreadsheets in Application Framework and used Auto IT to upload files in Windows.
Used Maven and Ant as build tools for projects.
Experienced in working with Automation Frameworks in maintaining keyword-driven, data-driven, Hybrid, and Page Object Models.
Hands-on knowledge on Log4j to debug the defects that had effect on the Test Script.
Used Selenium Screenshots for Bug Reporting. Debugging is done using Extent Reports to see the reports library in TestNG. Involved in testing the web pages.
Experienced in Database/Backend testing & Data warehouse testing using SQL Queries for data design, data validation, and data integrity testing.
Effectively involved in Defects logging, tracking, and managing Defect Life Cycles using HP Quality Centre, JIRA and Rally, Bugzilla, and ALM.
Worked on databases such as Oracle, MS SQL Server, and MySQL.
Good documentation skills, interpersonal skills, proven team player with an analytical mind bent to problem-solving, and the ability to produce complete project deliverables by specified deadlines.
Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously with a limited timeframe release cycle.
Experience with Code Version Control systems like GIT.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Programming Languages
Python, Java, HTML, Java Script
Databases
MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server,
Frameworks
Keyword Driven, Data Driven, Modular, Hybrid, Page Object Model (POM)
Testing Tools
PyCharm, Appium, Selenium IDE, Web Driver, Selenium Grid, TestNG, JUnit, Auto IT, Cucumber, QC, QTP, SauceLabs, Browser Stack, Postman, Ready API, SOAP UI
Test Build & Integration Tools
Maven, ANT, Jenkins, GitHub.
Browsers
Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari, Edge
Operating Systems
iOS, Windows 7,8, 10, Ubuntu, Linux, MacOS
Defect Tools
JIRA, HP Quality Centre/ALM, Rally, Bugzilla
Test Approaches
Agile/Scrum, SDLC, STLC, Traditional methods (Waterfall).
Utilities
Eclipse, Fire Bug, Fire Path, IntelliJ.
MS Office Tools
MS Outlook, MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Access, Microsoft Project, MS One Note.

WORK EXPERIENCE:

Pfizer INC, Princeton, New Jersey Nov 2023-Present
Sr.Automation Engineer

Description: Pfizer is an American multinational pharmaceutical and biotechnology corporation headquartered at The Spiral in Manhattan, New York City. The company was established in 1849 in New York by two German entrepreneurs, Charles Pfizer (1824–1906) and his cousin Charles F. Erhart (1821–1891).

Responsibilities:

Performed Business Requirement Analysis by thoroughly understanding Project Design Documents and Business
Requirement Document.
Created testing strategy keeping in mind about the project scope and timeline and wrote Test Cases and Test Plans accordingly in an Agile Environment.
Identified ambiguities and potential technical problems or design flaws so that preventive action can be taken.
Designed and developed Data-driven, Behavior-driven, TDD, and Hybrid Automation frameworks using Selenium WebDriver and Python and performed unit testing using Unitest and Pytest.
Developed/Updated System Test Plan, Test scenarios, and Test Scripts as per the requirements and Change Request
Document.
Developed test strategy for the minimal required tests that provide value in determining the quality state of the application.
Developed and executed White box test cases using Python, Unitest/Pytest/Robot framework & PyCharm/Ride.
Extended Unitest/Pytest/ Robot framework by adding some helper classes and methods.
Identified test cases to automate. Automate those test cases using Selenium WebDriver and Python (PyCharm IDE and
Ride IDE).
Developed and executed manual and automated tests in different platforms using Python and Selenium library.
Configured Selenium WebDriver, Unittest, Pytest, Robot, and pip tool and created selenium automation scripts in Python.
Automated Smoke & Functional test cases using Selenium WebDriver, Unitest/Pytest/Robot & Python (PyCharm IDE and Ride IDE).
Involved in the Continuous Integration of the automation framework with Jenkins with Git/Github repository.
Worked with designing and building automation frameworks in Gherkin / Cucumber BBD.
Implemented OO designs and applied working knowledge of design patterns to performance test presentations, data, and business modules.
Developed and implemented test cases to Automate testing for RESTful API (Put, Post, Get, Delete, Options) along with
parsing the XML/JSON data from the server response.
Extensively used XPATH, Regular expression, and classes to perform Ul actions. Exported output/reports for all automated testing results. Used XPath and DOM to work with dynamic and static objects in Selenium.
Involved in testing Web Services manually, and creation of collections using PostMan, Advance REST Client, and Rest Easy.
Involved in SOAP based web services testing using the SOAP UI PRO web services testing tool.
Performed web testing on Apple and Android devices, device emulators, and simulators.
Participated in bug walk meetings with the development team, business team, and project managers for defect triage and
Provided analysis on the nature of the defect.
Identified software defects and interacted with developers to resolve them and provided full support to the Test team using HP ALM, JIRA.
Developed user manuals and assisted fellow employees to increase their knowledge of the system.
Worked in form of a sprint team with business analysts and developers in agile methodology.

Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Python, Unittest, Pytest, Cucumber, Robot, Jenkins, PIP, PyCharm IDE, Ride IDE, AGILE, SCRUM,
RESTful, SOAP UI, XML, JSON, XPATH, DOM, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, agile, HP ALM, Jira, MS Excel, Tableau, Mozilla Firefox, SQL,
Windows, Mac OS, and Linux.

Adonis Auto Group Aug 2019 – Oct 2023
Senior QA Engineer

Description: Adonis Auto makes essential car ownership affordable for recent immigrants and other families who lack access to traditional automotive financing. I have worked on two applications installments & loans and leases of used cars

Responsibilities:
Involved in reviews, Manual Testing, Integration Testing, and Regression Testing using UFT, Python, and Cucumber.
Developing Automation test scripts using Python in Pycharm in Cucumber Framework.
Creating SQL Queries to retrieve data and validating them with UI.
Performing the Regression Testing, and analyzing the test results in TestRail tool.
Managing the user stories tasks and blockers in the JIRA Kanban board.
Documented critical information on Confluence pages and updated it if needed.
Maintaining the test coverage and executing the test cases nightly using JENKINS tool.
Identifying the defects, assigning, fixing, and retesting them for UI and Database validations.
Involved in the entire Software Development Life Cycle of the projects from initiation to implementation.
Prepared test plans, test scenarios, test condition outlines, and test cases based on business requirements and functional specifications.
Involved in analyzing System & Functional Specifications, Use Cases, Business Requirements, Identifying Test Requirements, Test Plan preparation, Test Scenario design, Test case execution and Defect logging.
Performed Smoke, Functional, Regression Testing, Negative and Positive testing, testing manually on the first release of the application.
Wrote SQL statements for Back End Testing. Experienced in data retrieving and executing stored procedures in SQL for database testing.
Creating stored procedures and packages to load the Oracle tables. Collaborate with performance testing teams to incorporate Test Cafe-based functional tests into performance test scenarios and analyze application performance under load.
Provide training and support to team members on automation best practices, Python programming techniques, and web testing methodologies.
Automating Batch processes that involves validating the Json file that is transferred to the application server against the database result set.
Defect logging and tracking through JIRA. Preparing daily status reports and defect reports for daily sprints.
Interacted with team lead and developers to resolve the bugs. Involved in Requirements and Development meetings. Identify, prioritize, and report defects found during automated testing, and work closely with developers and business analysts to ensure timely resolution.
Integrate automated tests into CI/CD pipelines to enable automated builds, deployments, and testing of Workday applications as part of the software delivery process.
Prepared documentation for the codes written for every component in UFT.
Involved in various meetings such as standup calls where the status of the application is discussed, sprint planning where the scope of the release is discussed, and retrospective and sprint refinement meetings.
Prepared Excel sheets for test data for each application rule and called those test data into the UFT components as the input parameters.
Maintaining hardware such as virtual machines which are used for the execution of the builds in the nightly run.
Reviewed code and gave presentations on the code written in the UFT components.
Environment: Agile, Windows, UFT, Python, PyCharm, Cucumber, HP Result Viewer, Oracle, SQL, IE, Chrome, MS Office, JIRA, Jenkins, Confluence, Virtual Machines, SQL Developer, Outlook.

Restaurants Brands International Oct 2016- Feb 2019
QA Engineer

Description: Restaurant Brands International Inc. (RBI) is a Canadian-American multinational fast-food holding company. As an only QA engineer for the team, I am part of both Manual and Automation testing. I have been working on their Mobile application which includes UI and backend.

Responsibilities:
Involved in reviews, Manual Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing, Functional Testing, System Testing, and Black Box Testing used automated tools Selenium WebDriver & TestNG.
Prepared test plans, test scenarios, test condition outlines, and test cases based on business requirements and functional specifications.
Involved preparation & execution of Auto IT scripts along with WebDriver scripts.
Developing Cucumber Framework using Java for project automation.
Used Firebug Tool to identify the Object's ID, Name, XPath, and link in the application.
Involved in analyzing System & Functional Specifications, Use Cases, Business Requirements, Identifying Test Requirements, Test Plan preparation, Test Scenario design, Test case execution and Defect logging.
Involved in designing, creating, and maintaining a framework for web-based applications leveraging object-oriented language Java with Selenium (API), Page Object Model (POM), and Hybrid driven (Data-driven + Keyword driven) framework.
Provide training and support to QA team members, developers, and business users on automated testing best practices, tools, and techniques specific to Workday.
Created the automated test scripts for General, Patient, Products, Events, and Analysis pages using Selenium WebDriver.
Experience working with Cloud Environments for ETL Testing. Write automated test scripts using TestCafe's JavaScript-based API to interact with web elements, perform actions, and validate expected behavior.
Wrote SQL statements for Back End Testing. Experienced in data retrieving and executing stored procedures in SQL for database testing.
Managed and executed the test process, using Agile Methodology - Scrum Based approach.
Defect logging and tracking through HP QC. Preparing daily status reports and defect reports for daily sprints.
Conducted web service testing using SOAP UI.
Developed an Automated Build System with Jenkins.
Worked on testing customizations for self-services and HRMS modules.
Interacted with team lead and developers to resolve the bugs. Involved in Requirements and Development meetings.
Prepared user documentation with screenshots for UAT (User Acceptance Testing)
Interacted with Business Analysts and developers for the walkthroughs and problems those are encountered during testing.
Contributed to the development and enhancement of custom automation frameworks built on top of Test Cafe to streamline test creation, execution, and reporting across projects.
Environment: Agile, Windows, Selenium IDE, Selenium Web Driver, TestNG, Selenium Grid, Apache POI, Auto IT, SQL, IE, Firefox, Firebug, MS-office, and RALLY, Windows 7, Eclipse, Oracle forms.

SEI Investments June 2013 – Sep 2016
QA Test Engineer

Description: SEI is a global firm providing financial services. The project entailed developing end-to-end solutions with all functionalities enhanced as per client specifications for SEI Wealth Management.
The project is to enhance a portfolio analysis tool for the investment banking department of the company.

Responsibilities:

Participated in the Business and Functional Requirement Document review conducted by BA team to better understand the application functionality.
Analysed and developed automation test scripts to meet the business requirements.
Developed effective Test Automation Framework as per project needs.
Created High level Test plans, Test Scenarios, Test cases and Analysed the Results.
Worked on XPath and CSS Selector for identifying the UI objects.
Used Fire path and Firebug to identify object id's, names and links in the application.
Involved in debugging the automation tests & fixing the errors in the automation tests using Eclipse.
Designed and implemented Selenium Web driver automation framework for regression test suites (TestNG).
Implemented the Data Driven Framework for application functional flow and regression test.
Developed test scripts using Selenium Web driver, Executed Automated Test Scripts & analyzed the results.
Developed and executed Selenium test scripts for different browsers and checked for compatibility.
Performed Regression testing on new builds, for every modification in the application using Selenium Web driver.

Tested compatibility of application for dynamic and static content for cross browsers using HTML IDs and XPath in Selenium
Implemented Selenium Grid (Sauce Labs) for parallel execution of selenium scripts and cross-browser automation.
Integration of Automation test execution with Jenkins tool using Maven.
Responsible for creating various jobs in Jenkins that will conduct Smoke, Acceptance, and Regression testing against the latest product deployed.
Creation and Maintenance of Windows Batch Scripts which are used at the time of build deployment by Jenkins tool as pre and post-build activities.
Prepared the Test cases in the Test Plan tab of the quality center, test Scenarios, and followed-up defects with the quality center.
Managed Test Cases in the HP Quality Center (ALM).
Developed detailed Testing Methodologies, Test Matrices, and Test Procedures
Executed the Test Cases, generated reports, and tracked the defects in the HP ALM, updated the test cases as per the results.
Performed browser (IE, Firefox, Chrome, Safari) and platform (Windows 7/Vista/ XP) compatibility testing in the virtual machine environment. Validate the behavior of web applications under load conditions by integrating TestCafe tests with load testing tools (e.g., JMeter, Gatling) to simulate concurrent user activity.
Participated in Daily Stand-up meetings and provided status on work progress. Extend TestCafe automation capabilities to include mobile web testing using emulators, simulators, or real devices, ensuring consistent functionality across desktop and mobile platforms.

Environment: Java, JavaScript, HTML, XML, Selenium (Web Driver) with Java, Selenium Grid, ANT, QC/ALM, Firebug, Eclipse, TestNG, Jenkins, Maven, Windows 7, Eclipse

Electronic Arts (EA) Mar 2010 - Oct 2012
QA Test Engineer

Used Dynatrace for API performance response time and GC-related issues. Used Cucumber for Automation
Developers. Performed different kinds of tests in automation: Smoke Test and Regression Testing using Selenium used Core Java language to update the test scripts.
Created UI scripts with IBM RPT and VSTS to test the performance of the application and API script testing using JMeter. Load Test executions were performed based on changes before the Prod. Deployment.
Used JMeter for Creating Performance Test Scenarios and executing them to simulate with Production SLA.
Used Protractor by writing Java scripts and Jasmine as a unit testing framework for a couple of Angular JS applications.
Used SVN to update the code for check-in/checkout and update the jobs in Bamboo for nightly jobs.
Experience in writing VBScript using the UFT tool for Creating automated test scripts.
Defect tracking tools used JIRA - making sure to follow the sprints and continuously providing deliveries.
Involved in Oracle database testing and performed load testing to verify the slow response queries to suggest the DBA teams fix with Indexes.
Contact this candidate