Bernard Phinias
Highly skilled Operations Systems Support/ Implementation Developer/ Software Support Engineer/ Application Support Engineer /Systems Administrator with more than 15 years of expertise offering a unique combination of creativity and analytical skills, with the ability to assess cost-effective technological solutions and information systems support. Strong track record in compiling, understanding, and implementing all steps within IT development while meeting audit and governance requirements.

+276********/+278******** ad8lqb@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn Profile

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

I am a naturally driven and innovative Technology Leader with over 20 years of success in implementing and managing infrastructure and applications as well as supporting the scalability and high availability needs within the IT industry. Proven abilities in managing teams through change, supporting growth, ensuring optimal efficiency and productivity. I am equally capable in tactical and strategic roles and possess a broad technical knowledge covering the end-to-end processes of IT application development which includes designing and implementing software solutions based on business requirements, and complying with audit and governance requirements. As an effective leader, I excel at using proven methods and cutting-edge technology to successfully cut costs, streamline operations, drive business growth, and increase productivity. While I thrive under a technical capacity, on a personal level, I am honest and approachable with a passion for creating and maintaining strategic alliances, as well as cultivating a productive working environment. My objective is to obtain a similar position in a company where there are opportunities for long-term career growth and advancement.

SKILLS COMPETENCY:

SOFT SKILLS:
HARD SKILLS:
Excellent communication skills, both written and oral–including report-writing and proposals.
Trustworthy and reliable, with a passion for leading and motivating others.
Strong leadership skills including the ability to inspire, communicate and motivate others.
Strong training and advisory skills with the ability to direct stakeholders in implementation and use of new systems and programs.
Highly developed analytical skills and an aptitude for innovative solution building.
Extensive experience in designing, implementing, improving, and maintaining strategies to meet organizational needs.
Ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams and diverse stakeholders.
Stress-tolerant who can cope well under pressure and confident in planning and reaching set goals and deadlines.
Excellent Customer Relationship skills
Issue Management / Problem Analysis and Resolution
Extensive experience as a Software Support, Engineer, Telecom Billing Administrator, Operation System Support Engineer (OSS), Application Support Engineer and Telecom Billing Support Analyst.
Exceptional knowledge of Oracle, Sybase, Solaris, Unix, Linux, IP, HP server, Apache, Windows OS, cluster, and HA systems.
Install, configure, and maintain server hardware and software, including operating systems and applications.
Programming language and systems knowledge includes Oracle 9i,10g, 11g,12c, SQL, PL/SQL, Unix/ Linux,
C programming knowledge
Strong knowledge of server operating systems (e.g., Windows Server, Linux)
Linux and Windows troubleshooting experience
Linux Administration certificate
Familiarity with virtualization technologies
Windows, Internet Protocols, SQL and XML
Proficient in systems analysis, customer training, billing support, implementation and testing, OSS/BSS support, financial, software support and application support.
Project Management – Working on multiple concurrent initiatives.
Understanding of cloud computing platforms
Basic knowledge of storage technolo
Customer relationship management and sound negotiation skills with the ability to easily obtain the best outcomes. Able to consult with major stakeholders and cross collaborate effectively.
AWS SysOps Admin knowledge (currently studying)
Knowledge of IAAS, PAAS and SAAS frameworks

QUALIFICATIONS, EDUCATION, AND TRAINING:

2005 Higher National Diploma (Computer Studies) – NQF Level 6, Masvingo Polytechnical College

2000 National Diploma (Computer Studies), Masvingo Polytechnical College

1998 National Certificate in Computer Studies, Masvingo Polytechnical College

1998 General Certificate of Education – Ordinary Level, Dzoro Secondary School

PROFESSIONAL COURSES:

Oracle 10g Intermediate Administration &SQL Training, Aircom International SA – 2009.
GSM Cell Planning Principles Training, Aircom International SA – 2009.
Wireless Telecoms Fundamentals Training, Aircom International SA – 2009.

Certificate Intro to Oracle 10 g – SQL, Independent Technologies – 2008.
Certificate in Oracle 10g Develop PL/SQL Program Units, Independent Technologies – 2008.
Certificate in Oracle – SQL, University of Zimbabwe – 2006.
Certificate in Linux RedHat Systems Administration, University of Zimbabwe – 2004.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND CAREER PROGRESSION:

POSITION:
DURATION:
Logistics Manager(BP Holdings)
Jan 2023-July 2024
Software Support Engineer
October 2021 – Dec 2022
Implementation Developer
January 2018 – Sept 2021

Amdocs

Amdocs is a leading software and services provider to the world's most successful communications and media companies. As their customers reinvent themselves, they enable their digital and network transformation through innovative solutions, intelligent operations, and delivery expertise.

Main Responsibilities:

Software Support Engineer (T-Mobile USA Project)
Investigate MMAP cases generated due to mismatch during the conversion/migration of Billing Account Numbers (BAN) from Sprint database to T-Mobile database.
Analyse the incidents raised by customer and escalate the root cause analysis to Dev team or Conversion team for effective resolution.
Creation of Jira tickets for Production environment defect releases fix as prescribed by Dev team.
Ensure change requests are submitted and followed up on for repeated requests or issues.
Provide 2nd level support functions for T-Mobile Production environment and lower-level environments.
Ensure production platforms are reviewed periodically and maintenance and housekeeping are performed.
Install, configure, and maintain server hardware and software, including operating systems and applications.
Implement and maintain security measures to protect systems and data
Identify enhancements to improve supportability, operability, and performance of systems.
Maintain documentation of system configurations, procedures, and policies.
Manage user accounts, permissions, and access control for various systems and services.
Track and report on incidents for escalations and closure.
Conduct SQL scripting to generated alerts.
Create and schedule alerts.
Take back-up prior to Production Environment defects fix processes.
Work independently to troubleshoot all support requests and follow escalation policies.
Provide after-hours or public holidays support according to a standby schedule.
Provide resolution for support requests to customers, according to the Service Level Agreement.
Ensure alerts or escalations to other OGS(On-going Global Support) members are resolved timeously and communicated to requestors within SLA.
Monitor the performance of systems, troubleshoot issues, and implement solutions to ensure optimal operation.
Establish and maintain a positive professional relationship with customers.
Ensure to join customer incidents update meetings.
Implementation Developer (MTN SA RAFM Project)
Creation of configuration rules (of two different systems) as specified in the HLD e.g.
Configuration of missing records, mismatch values, problem in source configuration rules.
Ensure that there is no revenue leakage between Switch-to Billing systems.
Case management (ie opening, assigning, fixing, and closing of the cases).
Creation of usage rules (controls) as defined by the Revenue Analyst.
Ensure all data from different data sources is being loaded into the database for all revenue streams.
Ensure we create controls (usage rules) to check for revenue leakages between Wholesale, Retail, and Interconnect billing systems.
Implementation of all revenue leakages controls. Ensure all reconciliation rules are implemented.
Assist/training Revenue analysts on how to check for KPIs, trends, aggregated data, MDA (multidimensional Analysis), alarms, cases etc. Creation of Ad Hoc reports as requested by analysts.
Understanding of all the business rules and all processes and systems used by the client.
Programming and utilizing the system GUI to develop, customize & configure specific applications.
Analyze problems in terms of application system and programming requirements.
Making modifications to customize programs and configurations to meet the specifications of the overall system design. To have exposure to all the project phases, from pre-sales to implementation to delivery and post-delivery support.

POSITION:
DURATION:
Operations Support System (OSS) Engineer
July 2013 – June 2017
OSS Support & Deployment Engineer
February 2009 – May 2010

Aircom International

AIRCOM International is a telecom network management consultancy firm focusing on end-to-end network planning, sharing, outsourcing, and OSS optimization for IP and cellular networks.

Main Responsibilities:

Operations Support System (OSS) Engineer
Installation, deployment, and support of the Helix system (Service Assurance solution).
Monitor and identify the performance of the network with OPTIMA (a network performance management tool).
Ensure that all the KPIs and counters are added correctly (KPI formulae).
Ensure that all the mediation backend processes are working perfectly.
Issue Management / Problem Analysis and Resolution
Ensure that the ftp collects complete xDRs from OSS/ OMC.
Database tuning to improve the performance of the Optima database.
Perform the installation and customisation of software at customer sites.
Provide technical product support to local customers and others based mainly in Africa.
Perform the installation and delivery of OSS software tools to customers, as well as be involved with the acceptance testing of these tools by the customer.
Provide training services to a high level of quality.
Provide high level of pre and post– sales and contractual support on systems supplied and within SLA.
Web based support to onsite or remote customers.
On-site support and deployment – project work.
Adhere to all company policies, procedures, and business ethic codes.
Deployment of GSM/UMTS OSS Products.
Ensure that calls/tickets are closed/resolved within the agreed SLA.
Operations Support System (OSS) Engineer Ctd.
Technical product support (1st and 2nd Line) to customers.
Logging and tracking of Service Requests (SR’s).
Remote support experience Teamviewer, Skype, Webex and Teams.

OSS Support & Deployment Engineer
Monitor and identify the performance of the network with Optima performance management tool.
Ensure that all the KPIs and counters are added correctly (kpi formulae).
Ensure that all the mediation backend processes are working perfectly.
Ensure that the ftp collects complete CDRs(Call Detail Records).
Database tuning to improve the performance of the Optima database.
Perform the installation and customisation of software at customer sites.
Provide technical product support to local customers and others based mainly in Africa.
Perform the installation and delivery of OSS software tools to customers, as well as be involved with the acceptance testing of these tools by the customer.
Provide training services to a high level of quality.
On-site deployment – project work.
Deployment of GSM/UMTS OSS Products.
Technical product support (1st and 2nd Line) to customers
Ensure that calls/tickets are closed/resolved within the agreed SLA.
Logging and tracking of Service Requests (SR’s).

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND CAREER PROGRESSION CONTINUED:

ORGANISATION:
POSITION:
DURATION:
Huawei Technologies (SA)
OSS Engineer
January 2011 – June 2013
VAS-X Technologies
Billing Support Engineer
May 2010 – December 2010
Memeza Interactions (RSA)
Support Engineer
April 2008 – October 2008
TelOne (Zimbabwe)
Acting Systems Analyst
June 2006 – May 2008

Systems Administrator
January 2001 – December 2006

Data Capturer Computer Operator
November 1999 – January 2001

Counter Clerk Salesclerk Accounts Clerk Customer Care Clerk Data Capturer
March 1995 – November 1999
N. Richards Co
Administrative Clerk
November 1989 – March 1995

HOBBIES AND INTERESTS:

Outside of work, I like to travel, keep fit at the gym, reading and fishing.

**References and further information supplied upon request.
Contact this candidate