Kathula Suman
B.Tech.
ad8lwk@r.postjobfree.com
+91-779*******
KEY COMPETENCIES
C#.
NET Core
Asp.Net MVC
.NET
WEB API
HTML,CSS Bootstrap
MS SQL server
Basic Knowledge Microsoft Azure
cloud
EDUCATION
Bachelor of technology, Computer
Science engineering, Jawaharlal Nehru
technological university Hyderabad
India,
TECHNICALSKILLS
Experience in in design and
development of application using C#,
.NET Core, Asp.Net MVC, .Net,
HTML,CSS, Bootstrap and SQL server.
Good knowledge on .NET
.NET application development with
Expertise in Visual Studio 2017, 2019
and 2022.
Knowledge in Agile Scrum
Methodology.
Extensive experience on various
versions controlling tool GIT.
Experience in test case executions. .
CAREER SUMMARY
6 Years of .NET experience as a software engineer in the field of Development with a deep understanding of technical and business aspects of software development. Skilled in developing web applications To obtain a responsible and challenging position with a company, progressive where my work experience will have valuable application and utilization of my opportunity for advancement Experienced Software Developer adept in bringing forth expertise in design, installation, testing and maintenance of software systems
WORK EXPERIENCE
Worked as a Senior Software Engineer in Cognizant Technology Solutions India Private Limited Hyderabad November 2023 to June 2024.
Senior Software Engineer in Wipro Technologies Pvt Ltd Hyderabad, March 2022 to 2023 October
Software Engineer RLabs Enterprise Services Ltd. June– 2021 To Feb 2022
Jignasa Techno Solutions Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad May– 2019 To June 2021
DREAM INDIA EDU MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS PRIVATE LIMITED, Hyderabad January2016 To March 2019
Responsibilities
Interacts with client for gathering the requirements
Developed and maintained documentation throughout the development as part of knowledge
CURD Operations
Management which helped Team to enhances their overall function and technical knowledge
Bug Fixing
Checking Client & Server Communications
PROJET 1
FSRO-1VLK Console App Migration Project
Client : Wells Fargo
Technologies Used: C# .Net Asp.Net MVC, SQL Server 2016,Web API, .NET. Core, Visual Studio 2022. Brief Description:
1-VLk console application 4.7 to 6.0 it sources residential and commercial property Data from various sources and allows quick analysis of Wells Fargo bank portfolio.in additional providing public data that helpful to appraisers and valuation services (VS) This project provides Valuation tool functionality Responsibilities
Requirement gathering.
Developed and maintained documentation throughout the development as part of knowledge Worked local storage cookies
Management which helped Team to enhance their overall function and technical knowledge
Has done performance tuning of the existing code by analyzing, debugging.
Bug Fixing
Hands-on experience in error handling
Checking Client & Server Communication
PROJET 2
1. Abacus Recruitment Management
Client: Abacus
Roles& Responsibilities : Software Engineer (Analysis, Coding and participating application deployment)
Technologies Used : C#.NET,ASP.NET MVC,Web API and SQL server 2012 Project Description
Understanding the Project requirements and specifications for various business processes and source according to company policies and Expectations. Creating the CID (Candidate Information Details) internal Abacus tool & maintaining her excel database. Sourcing suitable profiles as per the skill set and Requirements from Naukri, Linked and candidate reference.
Responsibilities
Working as developer.
Excellent analytical, problem solving and troubleshooting abilities.
Self-motivated with the ability to work both independently and in a team environment.
Providing accurate and timely estimates for tasks.
Interacting with onsite Business analysts for Requirement’s analysis, change requests discussions.
Performed Object-Oriented programming state management asp.net security like authentication & authorization
Bug Fixing & Checking Client & Server Communication
Contact this candidate