Shayne Mccabe
Looking for Mid-Senior Back End Developer and Full Stack Developer positions. Currently Senior Software Engineer at NDG Communications.
Skills
Positions
Back End, Full Stack
Experience level
Senior, Mid
Core skills
AWS, Node.js, Typescript
Other skills
Python, C, C++, Java, C#
Work eligibility
US
Preferences
Work type
Remote
Work timezone
UTC-2:00 - UTC+2:00
Tech stack/Tooling
AWS, Node.js, Typescript,
Terraform, Kubernetes
Languages
English (fluent)
Experience
Senior Software Engineer, NDG
Communications
08/2022 - Present (2 years 1 month)
Joined as Full-Stack Software Engineer on two person team after all but one of previous team had left, worked under intense pressure to maintain a wide array of legacy client projects as well as develop new solutions Worked closely with executive leadership to develop a ground-up software development process with limited resources while still meeting client requirements. Developed and implemented several iterative improvements to core products within the company's offering, including new API standards, code patterns, front-end and back-end architecture patterns. Developed Docker-ized, automated testing infrastructure from ground-up to test features through Unit, Contract, and E2E tests, including browser automation via webdriver, and automated PageSpeed score testing using Lighthouse. Prototyped and architected new back-end architecture, including planning a phased conversion of existing monolithic server, with highly relational datastore, to single-responsibilitiy microservices with individual datastores, Point-In-Time Rollback support, and HTMX- driven admin panel. Responsible for several key client websites for nationwide Home Builders, regularly taking point on bug investigation and triage. Coached and mentored junior team members, ensuring their career growth and development in a collaborative environment.
Software Engineer II, Accusoft
Corporation
01/2018 - 08/2022 (4 years 8 months)
Joined as Software Engineer I, on a legacy product used by Fortune 500 companies, working with multiple local and off-shore teams to implement features and fix bugs in a large codebase. Worked closely with Architecture team to develop and implement new APIs from-scratch to fit customer needs. Point-person for security vulnerability analysis and patching in third-party libraries or reported CVEs Contributed to full pipeline of tests in large, multi-stage pipeline of automated tests, both front and backend, in multiple software languages (Java, C++, JS) Worked as part of a small team to productize an internal MVP of a frontend-only application for viewing and annotating PDFs within the browser Developed a PDF highlighting solution that met or beat equivalent browser performance and consistency. Made with
St. Augustine, United States +1-239-***-**** ad8m4t@r.postjobfree.com Experience
Software Engineer, Stetson University 06/2016 - 04/2017 (11 months) Joined nascent Enterprise Information Systems department to rebuild and retool university internal services, including SSO, account management, Parent Portal, and convert various JSP pages to Spring/Spring Boot. Worked with legacy Oracle DB system, including developing large-PSQL stored procedures for managing student records in a secure environment. Collaborated with team and management to deliver solutions that improved performance and security to critical university web infrastructure Developed web applications for sharing student information with their parents in a granularized permission system that complied with state and federal regulation concerning student records.
Education
Stetson University 2014 - 2017 (3 years)
Bachelors - Left in 2nd Semester Junior year for major surgery. Completed all core degree courses semester prior. Computer Science Made with
Contact this candidate