G. Clifford Wolfe

Senior Software Engineer

ad8mrt@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn

Seeking a position where given autonomy to effect modern software solutions by applying my knowledge and experience honed from 25+ years of full-stack development.
Proven track record solving problems through strong business acumen, process analysis, system/application design, user requirements discovery, coding, testing, and project delivery.
Skills
Technologies
Process Analysis
Clean Architecture
CQRS
Agile Methodology
Domain Driven Design
Vertical Slice
Pub/Sub Messaging
Testing Methodology

Angular, ASP.NET
C#, .NET Core
Docker Containers
HTML, JavaScript
Azure Cloud Services
GitHub Copilot
Entity Framework Core
SQL Server, SSRS, IBM2

Microsoft Certified: Microsoft Azure Developer Associate
Microsoft Certified Professional, Visual Basic, Visual Basic for Distributed Applications
EDUCATION – Bachelor of Science, Fisher College of Business, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH
Work Experience
Certiport/Pearson VUE Lehi UT
6/2021 to 8/2024
Software Developer

Technologies: ASP.NET C#, Angular, Blazor, GitHub CoPilot, Azure - App Service Web Apps, Storage Solutions, Key Vault, Logic Apps, App Insights, SQL Server, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Docker, Salesforce integration, Entity Framework Core.
Project(s):
Compass© 2.0 Web User Interface - Designed and coded Angular project (17.0) to replace a legacy ASP.NET MVC/JavaScript solution used by test candidates to login and launch exam sessions. Angular Monorepo with NX, Angular Material components, client-side state management with observable-store.
Azure Migration Project - Selected to be part of a team of Developers, Testers, DevOps, and Systems personnel to migrate all Certiport legacy applications from an on-premise data center to the Azure cloud platform.
Certiport Portal Web App and Services – Tasked with completing user stories pertaining to new features, maintenance support and bug fixes for an ASP.NET web application, related web Api services and the supporting SQL Server database.
Solution included exam delivery support, user management, test candidate transcripts, exam versions, sales, voucher and license management, product management, fulfillment management, customer test center administration, certification programs administration for sponsor partners, and reporting for all test center customers.
Salesforce Data Sync Service – Responsible for modifications to the service whenever new requirements for data-exchange between Salesforce© and the Certiport SQL Server database when identified by the business. Bi-directional sync accomplished reconciliation pertaining to Customer Accounts, Contacts, Orders, Products, and Price books via queries/updates to the database and requests and posts to the Salesforce web Api.
Certiport My Pathways© Web App – Server-Side Blazor application, tasked with completing user stories pertaining to new features, maintenance support and bug fixes.
CRI Advantage contract with B.E.A. (Battelle), Idaho National Laboratory
8/2018 to 10/2019
Software Developer
Technologies: ASP.NET MVC, C#, jQuery, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Dapper, LINQ-to-SQL, AutoMapper, Visual Studio, SQL Server, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Telerik controls, JIRA, Git, Team Foundation Server (TFS).
Project(s):
Events Portal - Responsible for design and coding (C#, jQuery, JavaScript, T-SQL) custom multi-portal CMS ASP.NET MVC web platform with SQL Server database allowing registration and payment for unique events sponsored by different Laboratory departments.
OMPTrack – Tasked with maintaining/upgrading ASP.NET MVC web application with SQL Server back end, used by laboratory personnel for medical inventory tracking.
Cost Estimating System - Tasked with maintaining/upgrading ASP.NET MVC web application with SQL Server back end used by laboratory managers for creating, modifying, and reporting on estimates as pertained to future planned INL projects.

KForce Inc. contract with JP Morgan Chase, Columbus, OH
9/2017 to 5/2018
Software Developer
Technologies: Visual Basic.Net, WinForms, Visual Studio, IBM DB2 subsystem, IBM z/OS mainframe, JIRA, Bitbucket, Git, IBM Data Studio, WCF microservices.
Project(s):
QUEST© - WinForms desktop Commercial Bank Financial Auto Loan/Lease Service application, data provided by the IBM DB2 subsystem mainframe. Tasked with completing assigned JIRA tasks related to reported user issues.
NICE Inc. (formally inContact, Uptivity, CallCopy), Columbus, OH
1/2014 to 8/2017
Senior Software Engineer/Team Lead
Technologies: C#, ASP.NET, MVC, Visual Studio, SQL Server, SQL Server Reporting Services, Subversion, Team Foundation Server (TFS), Git, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, and Silverlight.
Project(s):
Discover© - ASP.NET WebForms/MVC/Silverlight web application with SQL Server back-end, premise, and Hybrid cloud services for call center Workforce Optimization (WFO).
Team Lead, coaching, code peer reviews, mentoring and assisting Sustain Engineering team members. Resolving bug fixes, customer configuration issues, and database reconciliation tasks.
Mitchell Martin, contract with JP Morgan Chase, Columbus, OH
2/2013 to 12/2013
Software Developer/Team Lead
Technologies: C#, ASP.NET, Visual Studio, Subversion, JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery UI, SQL Server
Project(s):
Global Online Legal Database (GOLD) ASP.NET webforms Application
Acting as technical lead to the development team, assigning work from the HP ALM11 Quality Center Defect tracking system, performing code reviews along with coding to resolve defects. Managing administrative change control processes for approvals necessary to promote code to Production and User Testing platforms and overseeing completion of the deployment efforts.
BCGI contract with DOD Finance and Accounting Service, Cleveland, OH
5/2012 to 1/2013
Software Developer
Technologies: C#, ASP.NET 4.0, Visual Studio, JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery UI, Knockout 2.0, CSLA.NET 4.5, IBMDB2.
Project(s):
Department of Defense MilPay Office (DMO) on the Web – ASP.Net webforms with IBM DB2 back-end.
Providing technical guidance to the development team for design and coding of all layers of the application, including the ASP.NET web user interface, business domain layer (CSLA.NET) and the data access layer. Design and coding (C#) for the Data Access Layer, exposing methods that consume services provided by IBMDB2 stored procedures.
CBIZ Inc., Cleveland, OH
11/2005 to 8/2011
Senior Application Developer
Technologies: Active Server Pages (ASP), Visual Studio, VB.NET, C#, ASP.NET, Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), JavaScript, jQuery, LINQ, Telerik Tools for ASP.NET Ajax, SQL SERVER, IIS 7.0 DTS Packages.
Project(s):
CBIZ Internal Lead Tracking Web App – Custom ASP applications converted to ASP.NET webforms technology. Responsible for the architecting, design, and coding of new ASP.NET webforms application with SQL server back-end, replacing legacy ASP application for creation and tracking of cross-departmental client referrals including two-way data integration with Salesforce© data.
Corporate Intranet/Internal applications – Responsible for approval of complete replacement of existing intranet code base with DotNetNuke Professional. Completed the infrastructural groundwork and intra-departmental coordination for the DNN platform. Tasking in the day-to-day Intranet operations included troubleshooting and repair of legacy code base.
TEKsystems contract with Triad Interactive Marketing Software, Tulsa, OK
4/2005 to 6/2005
Application Developer
Technologies: C# WinForms Smart Client, CSLA.NET, SQL SERVER 2000, Visual SourceSafe.
Project(s):
OGCI PetroSkills Course Management System (CMS).
Successfully met project deadline as one of a team of seven developers brought into the project mid-stream. Tasked with the layout of new WinForms and the coding necessary to utilize an object-oriented business application framework (CSLA) that provided composite objects comprising the business domain logic. Writing supporting SQL Stored Procedures.

Inceed contract with Long Term Care Authority of Tulsa, Tulsa, OK
12/2004 to 3/2005
Software Developer
Technologies: Visual FoxPro 7.0, C# WinForms, C# ASP.NET, SQL SERVER 2000, Crystal Reports v.NET.
Project(s):
Work Management Information System (WMIS) - Visual FoxPro 7.0 application. Design and development of enhancements to Work Information Management System (WMIS), diagnosing and fixing application defects.
Assignment Alerts System (NEXUS) - C# WinForms Application, SQL Server back-end. Redesign and coding for C# WinForms Alerts application.
The Titan Corporation (Sea & Air Sector), Oklahoma City, OK
4/2004 to 11/2004
Software Engineer
Technologies: Visual Basic.NET, C#.NET, Microsoft Access, Visual Basic for Applications, Database Design, ADO.NET, Oracle.
Project(s):
Reliability Centered Maintenance Program (RCM) for the USAF - General Electric TF39 Jet Engine - Microsoft Access data application tracking all levels of Jet Engine Maintenance, both at the Flight Line and during Depot major overhaul. The data-gathering system’s main focus was identifying recurring failure types for the purpose of improved predictability and maintenance planning. Collaborated with the design group converting prototype Access applications to web-enabled ASP.NET C#.Net application with an Oracle Data-Tier.
Oaktree Software contract with Northrop-Grumman, Oklahoma City, OK
11/2003 to 3/2004
Software Developer
Technologies: Visual Basic.NET, ADO.NET, CRYSTAL REPORTS v9, Infragistics Web Controls, SQL SERVER 2000, ORACLE 8, Tool for Oracle Application Development (TOAD), Business Objects.
Project(s):
Total System Support Partnership (TSSP) - ASP.NET webform application for purchasing managers responsible for USAF B-2 Bomber material acquisition efforts. Designed and coded new web user interface, data access layer with stored procedures and user-defined functions for the Oracle and SQL Server data tiers marshaling material acquisition data, coding for a series of performance metrics and displayed the current performance status against a series of USAF contractual targets. Coded Webforms UI to provide detailed drill-down and overview reporting using web Crystal Reports.
Self-Employed, Oklahoma City, OK
5/2002 to 10/2003
Software Developer/Consultant/Analyst
Project: Audio Dimensions
Technologies: ASP.NET, Visual Basic.NET, ADO.NET, CRYSTAL REPORTS v9, Infragistics Web Controls, SQL SERVER 2000.
Designed and developed an ASP.NET application for Custom Proposal writing, managerial tracking, tracking sales, profit Strategic Indicators, and access to legacy point-of-sale information.
Project: Robert Half Technology/WeatherBank – Weather Broadcast Client Application.
Technologies: Visual Basic.NET, WinForms, ADO.NET
Project: Robert Half Technology/SIEMANS – Kerr McGee COE Project.
Technologies: Microsoft Access, Visual Basic for Applications, Relational Database Design, Microsoft SMS.
Project: Trackum Software – The Mini-Manager Software Product.
Technologies: Visual Basic 6.0, ADO, DAO, COM, Crystal Reports 8.5, HTML Help, and Install Shield.
Designed and coded Visual Basic desktop application product for the Self-Storage industry. Collected monthly royalty from sales for 10 years.
Top of the World Caps LLC, Oklahoma City, OK
9/2000 to 4/2002
Software Developer
Technologies: EDI, Visual Basic 6.0, ADO, COM, MSACCESS 2000, SQLSERVER2000, and UNIX.
Project(s):
Custom software solutions for supply-chain management (EDI) support - Designed and coded a Visual Basic 6.0 desktop application parsing any EDI 850 Purchase Order from major retail customers (TOW is a wholesaler of Collegiate Logo Headwear). Designed and developed a single database to handle all facets of order processing, which replaced the previous method of having a separate database for each of the major EDI customers. Designed and developed a desktop application deployable to the sales force nationwide that enabled offline order processing via email with XML attachments.
Contact this candidate