Cherian Abraham
Lawrenceville, GA *****
678-***-**** E-Mail: ad8nxa@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary:
Skilled Software Engineer with 10+ years of experience and vast knowledge of computer languages. Seeking a suitable position based on my educational background and work experiences in the field of Information Technology.
Area of Interest:
. NET Technologies, Web Application Development, Web development and Databases (SQL) Skills:
■ Operating Systems: MS Windows
■ Languages: C#
■ Tools: MS Visual Studio 2017/15/12, TFS 2015/13, GIT, Dreamweaver, MS Office Tools
■ Database Technologies: SQL, Entity Framework 6
■ Technologies: Microsoft .Net, Web Services, Web API, ASP.NET MVC
■ Web Development: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax Work Experience
Georgia Department of Agriculture, Atlanta, GA : Sr. Programmer September 2017 till Present
● Developed modules of the application in ASP.NET MVC and involved in writing C# classes.
● Responsible for creating store procedures, functions and SQL queries using SQL server
● Worked with Entity Framework (6.0)
● Implemented LINQ queries on different data sources in MVC Applications. M3 Accountings, Gainesville, GA: Full Stack Developer May 2016 to September 2017
● Developing modules of the application in Windows and involved in writing C# classes.
● Involved in complete Life Cycle including Analysis, Design, Development, and Testing.
● Responsible for creating store procedures, functions and SQL queries using SQL server
● Worked with Active reports for generating reports.
● Implemented LINQ queries on different data sources in Win-form Applications.
● Worked with rewriting applications from VB to .Net Applications using C#
● Designed and build REST API using Web API framework and C# for save data.
● Experienced with Agile Methodology, MVP Pattern & IOC Principles. Access General Insurance Company Inc. Atlanta, GA: Sr. Software Engineer January 2001 to February 2016
● Involved in complete Life Cycle including Analysis, Design, Development, and Testing.
● Developed modules of the application in ASP.NET MVC and involved in writing C# classes.
● Implemented enhancements and fixed bugs on the legacy web sites using UI design tools.
● Implemented HTML Server Controls, ASP Server Controls along with Validation Controls.
● Used Web Services to communicate with the business layer objects.
● Used WPF and WCF services to communicate between DAL and other business components.
● Implemented LINQ queries on different data sources in MVC applications. Page 2
● Worked with Ajax enabled WCF services using C# and ASP.NET and involved in Ajax Validations.
● Utilized ADO.NET technology for data retrieving, querying, storage and manipulation.
● Responsible for creating store procedures, functions and SQL queries using SQL server
● Worked with SSIS packages to export data of flat file source to SQL server Database.
● Worked with Crystal reports for generating reports.
● Worked with rewriting applications from VB, VF to .Net Applications using C# Team Systems LLC. Duluth, GA: Application Developer January 2000 to January 2001
● Involved in complete Life Cycle including Analysis, Design, Development and Testing.
● Responsible for creating store procedures, functions and SQL queries using SQL server
● Worked with Classic ASP applications.
Education and Course Work:
B.S, PGDCA and MCP (SQL, .Net and Web Development)
Contact this candidate