Present Address:
House No-***, MDC-*, Sec-**
Panchkula, Haryana
Pin-134108, India
ad8oby@r.postjobfree.com
+91-89-20-060-***,+91-72-89-860-***
YASHWANT KUMAR
Profile Summary
Over 9.3+ years of experiences iPhone & iPad application development in Native, Phone Gap, Objective-C, Swift, SwiftUI, Apple TV, REST API, Bluetooth and BLE, ngCordova, iOS Testing, extensive knowledge of OOPS
Experience in Product Enterprise Visitor Identity Management (VIM Kiosk) application.
Proficient in Digital Banking Solution for Deutsche Bank and Bank of America.
Experience in US HealthCare applications with HIPAA, ROI Compliance and Payers & Providers entities.
Have an understanding of Experience with Agile development Methodology.
Experience in Project Management, Team Management, PMO Manager responsibilities.
Experience in full development life cycle: UI design, Coding, test, build, deployment and maintenance.
Completed Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSA) course.
Completed IT Essentials including PC H/W, S/W course under CISCO with certificate appreciation.
Familiarity with hybrid mobile app development for iOS & Android using framework Ionic & angularJS.
Participated in Diploma in Advance Computing (DAC) from C-DAC.
Experience with Third-Party Libraries and APIs- Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, Architectures, Trends, and Emerging Technologies.
Involved in bugs fixing, client Issues, Improving application performance and Testing Issues.
Knowledge of IPA, uploading apps on the Test Flight & App Store. Key Skills
Operating System macOS, iOS
Programming language Swift, Objective-C
Framework UIKit, SwiftUI, Combine
Development Tools Xcode
Project Management Tool Trello, Basecamp, Redmine, Zoho, Jira Tools & Utilities CI/CD, Gitlab, Upwork, Mantis bug tracker, Slack, Payment Gateway Additional Skills MVVM Architecture, MVC, VIPER, Agile methodology, iOS unit testing Employment Details
Working as Tech Lead (iOS) at AlertEnterprise Chandigarh from Feb 2021 to Present.
Worked as Senior Associate Delivery (iOS) at smartData Enterprise Inc Mohali from Aug 2018 to Feb 2021.
Worked as iOS Developer at Yugasa Software Labs Gurgaon from Apr 2016 to Aug 2018
Worked as iOS Developer at ONS Interactive Solution Noida from Sept 2015 to Apr 2016.
Industrial training as iPhone Developer at Sebiz InfoTech, Mohali for the last 6 Months. Educational Qualifications
Year Institute/University Degree Percentage
2009-2013 VEL TECH University, Chennai [Tamil Nadu] B-Tech (CSE) 78.88% 2006-2008 R.B.S College, B.S.E.B, Patna [Bihar] I. Sc. [Mathematics] 60.66% 2005 S.D.P Roy High School, B.S.E.B, Patna [Bihar] 10th 52.42% Page 1 of 7
Project Profile
10. Project Name AlertEnterprise VIM Kiosk
(https://apps.apple.com/lc/app/alertenterprise-vim-kiosk/id1519980638) Organization Alert Enterprise ( Product Based company) Duration Feb 2021 to Present (Product based application) Environment
(With skill versions) Software
Framework: Cocoa Touch Framework
Development: Swift, XCode 15,VIPER Architecture Backend: Node Project Description
This application AlertEnterprise Visitor Identity Management, every visitor gets the best experience—while your facility achieves the highest levels of security—from arrival to departure. Control the full visitor lifecycle end-to-end with fast and efficient on-site registration, email and web pre-registration, self-service kiosks, and optional facial recognition technology for frictionless customer experiences.Real-time vetting against watch lists and automated, policy-driven background checks validate visitors and contractors before granting access. Roles & Responsibilities
Collaborated with the Manager of Mobile Development to provide estimates and status updates.
Used the AVFoundation of scanning FaceID or QRCode and all the config for Camera.
Designed, developed, managed, and maintained technical components and templates.
Developed applications using Swift, XCode, Interface Builder, Instruments, Cocoa Touch, and other iOS development tools.
Communicated effectively with clients, documenting key points and sequences for subsequent calls.
Worked with other developers, designers, and product/business managers to develop new features aligned with the product roadmap.
Project Profile
9. Project Name AE Wallet (https://apps.apple.com/in/app/ae-wallet/id1668418199) Organization Alert Enterprises
Duration Dec 2022 to April 2024 (Product based application) Environment
(With skill versions) Software
Framework: Combine, SWIFT UI
Development: Swift, XCode 15 Database: Node
Project Description
Unlock your workplace freedom with AlertEnterprise — say goodbye to outdated plastic cards and hello to seamless access right from your phone or smartwatch. Alert Enterprise transforms your iPhone and Apple Watch into your all-in-one pass, ensuring every entry is just a tap away. Roles & Responsibilities
Partnered with the Manager of Mobile Development to provide estimates and status updates.
Designed, developed, managed, and maintained technical components and templates.
Developed applications using SwiftUI, Combine, Async Await, Publisher subscriber, and other iOS development tools.
Page 2 of 7
Participated as a Senior Associate in the delivery process, overseeing projects from planning to completion for various enterprise clients using the Agile development process.
Developed and implemented application designs based on Combine. Project Profile
8. Project Name IRusa (https://apps.apple.com/us/app/irusa/id1507692760?ls=1) Organization smartData Enterprises
Duration Dec 2019 to May 2020
Environment
(With skill versions) Software
Framework: Cocoa Touch Framework
Development: Swift, XCode 10.1, Database: Node
Project Description
This application is basically an Islamic donation app that supports the one time and monthly donation. It also has the Qur’an, with English translation and bookmark features. also having Qibla directions, Local prayer times, Masjid finder, Halal food locator. you can also create the campaign for new donations that will be approved by the admin then after it will be visible to all users to make donations.
Roles & Responsibilities
Worked with the team to create new iOS apps built upon Islamic Quran reading & Prayer timing
Integrated AVPlayer for Quran reading and Playback functionalities using AVFoundation and AVKit.
Integrated the SpringBoard payment gateway apis to make the donation in the app for all users
Developed applications using one time donation and monthly donation
Worked on the module for creating the campaign for new donations and make it visible to all approved users
Effectively communicate with various business stakeholders, both internal and external
Implemented application designs based on MVVM architecture
Deliver Projects with High Quality and High Performance and Uploaded the app on the app store after client approval
Project Profile
7. Project Name Redi Health
(https://apps.apple.com/us/app/redi-health-track-meds-more/id1593943778) Organization smartData Enterprises
Duration June 2018 to Nov 2019
Environment
(With skill versions) Software
Framework: Cocoa Touch Framework
Development: Swift, XCode 10.1, VIPER Architecture, Database: Node
Project Description
This application is basically for patients who have some sort of medical record and anyone can use this application to visit any doctor whether he/she is completely healthy or not. App allows users to store their Medical record and have it readily available to access, and share with medical providers, and other entities that may require their medical information (i.e. Employer- for medical paid time off, Schools- for vaccination records, etc.) The App will also be accessible by medical providers via an online portal, if authorization is given by the user, to access medical records in both emergent and non- emergent scenarios. The app will also provide a widget that can be accessed without unlocking the phone, this widget will provide only extremely necessary information needed during an emergency- Blood type, allergies, etc. Roles & Responsibilities
Worked closely with product managers and designers to define a rich iOS experience for this app. Page 3 of 7
Integrated the HealthCare HIPAA & ROI compliance, HIPAA covers patient data and keeps their medical information private and secure
Added the Digital signature feature for Patient and medical providers to secure the patient’s data.
UI design implementation using both Storyboards and NIB files
Using Git source control and library management using CocoaPods
Consult in code reviews to ensure quality, standards compliance, re-usability and ease of maintenance Project Profile
6. Project Name ReddiClub
(https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/grubchatapp/id1059327871?mt=8) Organization SmartData Enterprises
Duration Sept 2018 to May 2019
Environment
(With skill versions) Software
Framework: Cocoa Touch Framework
Development: Swift, XCode 10.1 Database:
Node
Project Description
Basically, this app is designed for HIV patients for a club in Las Vegas i.e. RC wellness. What happens is HIV patients must take medicine regularly daily even if they skip medicine for a single day then they must start from the very beginning. So, to avoid such mistakes Client came up with an idea that helps to force the user to take the medicine. Users can set the reminder time to take the medicine with three ways: Twilio calling, Twilio text message, push notification. So, users will get the notification, call and message to take the medicine. There is also a functionality to earn the reward for $5 and $ 20 such as Starbucks, Amazon, iTunes & App Store. If a patient completes the first 7-day cycle, then he can claim the $5 reward and if he completes the 30 days cycle then the user will be eligible to claim $ 20 reward and so on. Roles & Responsibilities
Worked with the Client remotely Collaborated closely with GUI designers and developers to create an innovative HealthCare app.
Created reusable components that can be applied to iOS applications developed throughout the organization.
Started from scratch and also completed the Phase-2 according to the client suggested approach.
Work as part of a Senior associate delivery to see projects through from planning to completion for various enterprise clients using the Agile development process.
Developed and implemented application designs based on MVC. Project Profile
5. Project Name Appotek Patient/ Doctor/Pharmacy
Organization Yugasa Software Labs
Duration Oct 2016 to April 2017
Environment
(With skill versions) Software
Framework: Cocoa Touch Framework
Development: Objective C, XCode 6, Database: PHP/MYSQL Project Description
Appotek is a US healthcare app that works like an assistant in my pocket, helping me when to take my medicine, chat with doctors and pharmacies. I never miss a treatment, and I can follow everything, even add a wearable to Page 4 of 7
check out my physics. Following my treatments to the point gives me better health. I can even share my data with a helper, who wants to remind me when to follow up, if I miss it Roles & Responsibilities
Worked with business owners to propose high-quality user experience solutions for iOS applications
Being assigned specific tasks that can be developed and produced within designated time interval (sprint)
Designed applications for all types of screen sizes and orientations.
Implemented application designs based on MVC architecture
Develop applications using Objective C, XCode, Interface Builder, Instruments, Cocoa Touch, and other iOS development tools
Project Profile
4. Project Name Kepish
(https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/kepish/id1184889813?mt=8) Organization Yugasa Software Labs
Duration July 2016 to Sept 2016
Environment
(With skill versions) Software
Framework: Cocoa Touch Framework
Development: Objective C, XCode 6, Database: Core Data Project Description
This application Kepish is a game intended to be used by athletes for measuring their mental fitness before appearing for an actual on ground league game. Once the user plays the brain game on the iPad, the system records his scoring which is considered as a reference for Athlete before he appears for the actual game. During the game on the ground if the sports person encounters an accident, he is again offered a Kepish Brain Game to evaluate his mental fitness. This ensures if the athlete is still fit enough to continue his game on ground. This app is capable of running on all types of both iPhone, iPad. Also, it has the functionality to integrate with a demo of the game for new users, that will be more helpful for new users who are playing for the first time. Roles & Responsibilities
Worked in a large team with 3 iOS developers and 2 PHP Web Service Developers and multiple Senior Managers.
Developed this application for the athletes to check the mental fitness
Designed applications for all types of iPad Athlete can play the Brain game on their iPad.
Implemented application designs based on MVC architecture
Collaborate as a member of an agile team to get products developed and completed with best in class software development
Integrated GitHub/Crashlytics for source controls and bug tracking. Project Profile
3. Project Name Cash Case
Organization Yugasa Software Labs
Duration May 2016 to June 2016
Environment
(With skill versions) Software
Framework: Cocoa Touch Framework
Development: Objective C, XCode 6, Database: PHP/MYSQL Page 5 of 7
Project Description
This app is a complete wallet integration app which is integrated with multiple wallets such as PayUMoney, ICICIPocket, free Charge, citrus etc. It is designed to look and check our balance of each type of wallet using this app. It also provides the functionalities by which we can transfer money from one wallet to another. Roles & Responsibilities
Worked on the multiple payment gateways in this application like Pay u money, ICICI pocket wallets, citrus etc.
Improve application security using encryption to encapsulate sensitive data
Parsed JSON responsive to represent data visually in charts and graphs.
Stored and accessed data via CoreDATA configuration
Act as technical lead on projects, assist with defining the solution, and working with a team of developers
Fixed the crash/bugs reported by QA by removing memory leaks. Project Profile
2. Project Name Alarm Clock, TVOS Player for Online Streaming
(https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/cardi-clock/id1027759734?mt=8) Organization ONS Interactive Solution (P) Ltd.
Duration Feb 2016 to April 2016
Environment
(With skill versions) Software
Framework: Cocoa Touch Framework
Development: Objective C, XCode 6, Database: PHP/MYSQL Project Description
This Software is basically designed for working on a set Alarm clock. TvOS player that supports all the major video Formats and online streaming such as RTSP, RTMP, HTTP, FLV, M3U8 etc. and integrated with 3rd party SDK.
Roles & Responsibilities
Design and develop the apple TV OS player and integrated to our product base app appypie
Developed the alarm clock app and added to the appypie app.
Create applications that interact with RESTful services and backends.
Collaborated with the marketing and production teams to improve in-app user experience.
Worked extensively with both design and developed of the application Page 6 of 7
Project Profile
1. Project Name
Marcus Transformer App
(https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/marcustransformerapp/id1044176580?mt=8) Organization ONS Interactive Solution (P) Ltd.
Duration Sep 2015 to Jan 2016
Environment
(With skill versions) Software
Framework: Ionic & AngularJS
Development: ngCordova, HTML5, XCode 7, Database: MYSQL Project Description
This Software is basically designed by Marcus manufactures a wide range of transformers, including type of distribution, industrial control, auto transformers and line reactors. With the help of this app we can determine the KVA, wattage required by the load for the single phase & Three Phase and then after we determine the voltage required by the load
Roles & Responsibilities
Developed and implemented application designs based on wattage required by the load and works for both single and three phases connection for manufactures
Reviewed client requirements, wireframes, and designs for technical feasibility.
Create applications that interact with RESTful services and backends.
Involved in the whole process from idea to deployment using agile methodology
Improved product quality through code reviews, writing effective unit tests Strength
Dynamic, Positive Attitude, Optimistic, Hardworking Nature, very quick in adopting new technologies. Biographical Details
Date of Birth : 30th Dec 1990
Status : Male/Single
Languages Known : English, Hindi
Nationality : Indian
Passport : R0295689 (Expiry until 2027)
Place: Chandigarh, India (Yashwant Kumar)
Page 7 of 7
Contact this candidate