Name: Raj Prakash Kulkarni E-mail Address:ad8oyr@r.postjobfree.com
Date of Birth: 1987-08-01 Address: 403, Sai-Vinayak Residency Passport No.: T0219397 Opp. BSNL Office, Khadakpada, Mobile No.: 998-***-**** Kalyan (W)
Career Objective: To be placed in good company where I can explore my knowledge and make good use of it. To boost up my career to a high level and achieve good results for the company. EXPERIENCE: 9+ yesrs are total experience into Testing 1. Working as QA Lead at Connect 2 clinic
2. Worked as Lead Tester at Chenoa Information and Software Services Pvt Ltd. 3. Worked as Sr. Software Tester at AON Hewitt (was “Alight” now Wipro client of 300 Plus) 4. Worked as Software Consultant at Tech Mahindra. (Client of Tquanta) 5. Worked as System Engineer at Continuum LLC, Andheri (E) 6. Worked as Software Engineer at ELECTRON STUDIO, Andheri. Job Description:
1. Connect 2 Clinic [C2C]( from 22nd Sep 2023 till present ) Connect 2 Clinic is child company of Alkem group, which is leading Pharma company in India. C2C is practice management application used in multiple hospitals and clinics across INDIA. Most of the Testing for the application is managed by Vendor (Harjai Computers) Vender has provided 6 QA Members so Team of 6 Members is handled my me.
Project Details : 18 Members working in Agile Scrum Framework
• QA (Team Size 6 including 3 QA for Web, 2 QA for Mobile and 1 for Automation )
• Dev team (Team size 11 including 9 Web, 1 Andriod and 1 iOS )
- Roles and Responsibilities
• QA Test Plan
• Helping team in API/Function and defect mgmt
• Working with PO and SM for Sprint release
• Handeling Team and TC reviews
• Hiring QA’s for Team
• Vendor billing management
2. Chenoa Information and Software Services (from 18th Mar 2019 to 13th Sep 2023 ) Projects with Unqork Technology and AIQ for automation
• Austin Capital Bank (Team Size 11 including 3 QA )
• Orchid Investment (Team size 15 including 4 QA )
• Mercer Advisors ( Team size 9 including 3 QA )
Project with Product Xenio Health (Team size 13 including 3 QA)
• Cranial Technologies (Cranial Technologies is the only company in the world solely dedicatedto treating infants with plagiocephaly.)
• Marine Gestro (MG treat and prevent a wide range of digestive diseases. A large part of theirpractice is dedicated to colon cancer prevention using colonoscopy to screen for and remove potentially pre-cancerous growths called polyps) Worked with Unqork Technology, for Mercer Advisors as Lead Tester, also worked on Project ‘Xenio Health’ which is Product for Hospitals/Clinic on Health Care Domain, which deals with Practice Management(PM) Which has complete process from booking an appointment of user, getting his Insurance details and checking eligibility from Complete Health Care, then getting his medical history and validating it from EMR(Electronic Medical Record) and generating bills and sending it to user along with Consents signed.
Performing Test Planning
Closely working with BA and Testing team to create Test Plan along with automation plan with AIQ Tool (AIQ is AutonomIQ is Sauce Labs tool used for Unqork automation)
Test Case Reviews and Executing Test
Every sprint reviews are done to keep track of the Task and Bugs insprint
Following Scrum (Agile)
Conducting Daily Stand-up, updating Sprint backlog, Sprint reviews, Conducting sprint retro meetings updating BRD documents if any according to new CR’s
API Testing
API Testing is done with the help of Postman and Swagger
Reporting of issues/bugs.
Bugs assigned are tracked are maintained through Jira, Reports are generated and sent to all stakeholders as and when required
Sprint Release/Sign off
Tasked in the sprint are tested for the release, while open bugs severity and impact of open bugs are discussed with all stake holders and accordingly QA Sign-off is given for the Release
Involvement in New Hiring
Involved in interview for Campus recruitment along with walking for the required QA position in Organization
3. LIC India on Genisys Group Payroll ( 26th Nov 2018 to 05th Mar 2019) Worked with LIC India for Testing purpose with HPE team for 3 month testing project namely LIC-CDW, which was a migration project where LIC’s DB got migrated from Teradata to Vertica, Here the Task was to work with LIC client for User acceptance testing. 4. AON Hewitt (Alight) on 300 Plus Payroll (from 27nd Jul 2017 to 30th Sep 2018) Worked as Sr. Software Test Engineer on Project ‘Prudential’ which is on WORKFORCE SOFTWARE,
HR Domain project with Alight Solution, which deals with Human Resource Management(HRM) Which has complete process from Hiring an employee his Leaves Calculation, Salary calculation and all other HR related process till employee is Terminated.
Performing Test Planning
Closely working with BA and Testing team to create Test Plan for the Prudential client website created on WORKFORCE software.
Writing and Executing Test Case in AFT (Automation tool based on selenium). Automation Functional Tester (AFT) is the selenium based Framework used to automate the Test cases mainly done for regression testing.
Writing and Executing Test Case in HP-ALM and Keeping Tract on Bugs
Performing Retesting/Regression on the fixed.
While fix is in progress taking follow ups with Development team. Fixed done by the application development team are retested.
5. Tech Mahindra on TQuanta Payroll (from 22nd Sep 2016 to 14 Jul 2017) Worked as Associate Software Engineer on Project ‘ATT-E2E-Mobility’ of AT&T, Telecom project taken by Tech Mahindra for BSS Testing which deals with customer relationship management(CRM) and processes such as taking orders, processing bills, and collecting payments.
Performing End to End Testing. (Business Support System flows of AT&T LLC.) Multiple applications are tested while performing End to End Testing. Which includes ATT Applications viz. SAART, ROAM, PHEONIX, PREMIER, OPUS, SYSTEMX and TELEGENCE which are connected to each other to complete a System of ATT.
Writing and Executing Test Case in QC.
Writing Test Cases according to HLS.
Keeping tracks on issues/bugs.
Bugs assigned are tracked are maintained through a HP-ALM, JIRA, WebTrax are different tools used as different organization use different tools to track their own issues.
Performing Retesting/Regression on the fixed.
While fix is in progress taking follow ups with Development team. Fixed done by the application development team are retested.
While Regression testing is done by the tool ITM, ITM (Integrated Test Manager) is selenium based tool for regression testing.
6. Continuum Managed Services: (from March 2014 to 19th Sep2016)
Creating and Maintaining Testing Environment. (Creating VM’s) Test Labs are created as per requirement that is different types of operating systems are installed and Maintained till the Testing is completed.
Finding errors/warnings on server.
Daily Events are checked on the Production and Test Servers. Also fix is applied on the server if required.
Assign issues to the concern team for fixing.
Application related issues are escalated to the concern team for fixing it, also tracked and followed up till its fixed.
Performing Retesting/Regression on the fixed.
Fixed done by the application developer are retested.
Monitoring F5 firewall
Firewall is monitor for the ASP request Queue.
Keeping track on the issues/bugs assigned.
Bugs assigned are tracked are maintained through a OSTicketing and JIRA Tool.
Generating Incident Report.
Reports are generated from the tools and sent to the Management Teams.
Atlassian JIRA: Used to keep track of errors/bugs. Tool is used to keep the track the bugs, it is also used to maintain the KB of the solutions faced before by the Systems.
OS-Ticketing: To track change request.
7. ELECTRON STUDIO: (From Dec 2008 to July 2009)
Developing web pages and adding them to Websites.
Continuesly working with Vendor to add their toys product to website catlogs and keep them updated with respect to Price and Stock
Fixing the assigned issues if any.
TECHNOLOGY KNOWLEDGE:
1. Testing Tools: - Jira, HP-ALM, POSTMAN, SWAGGER, JMETER, OS Ticketing, Selenium. 2. Languages: - C, C++, C#, Core Java, Classic ASP, HTML, XML, SQL,Dynamo DB 3. Operating System: - Windows,Linux
ACADEMIC BACKGROUND:
1 ISTQB - CTFL-AT International Software Testing Qualifications Board
May-2021 India
2 ISTQB CTFL International Software Testing Qualifications Board
May-2017 India
3 Diploma in Software Testing SEED Infotech (Ghatkopar) Dec-2014 Mumbai 4 B.E Computer Ramrao Adik Institute of Technology (Nerul, Navi- Mumbai)
May-2013 Mumbai
5 Diploma Computer Tech. Shivajirao S. Jondhale Polytechnic (Ambernath) Mar-2008 Mumbai 6 H.S.C K.M Agrawal (Kalyan) Mar-2005 Mumbai
7 S.S.C Balak Mandir School (Kalyan) Mar-2003 Mumbai PROJECTS & SEMINAR:
Testing Project on Orange HRM at Seed Infotech (Ghatkopar)
Final year BE project: "Secure File Transfer" using java and MySQL.
Third year BE project: "Library Management" using visual studio 2005 and MS-Access.
Final year Diploma project: "Multilevel Marketing System" using VB 6 and MS-Access.
Seminar Delivered on "Firewall" and “E-Waste”
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Hobbies: Swimming, learning new things, Tweaking Electronic Gadgets. I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. Signature :
Contact this candidate