CAREER SUMMARY
Professional software architect with over 30 years of experience. Part of multiple startups with responsibilities for all aspects of software product development – from conceptualization, architecture, and design to implementation and testing strategies. Extensive management experience managing development teams consisting of programmers, test engineers, and technical support staff.

PROFESSIONAL HISTORY

NATACS – Lago Vista, TX
Senior Software Engineer 08/2023 – Current
Worked with AWS Events, Services, and Storage: including Lambda, SNS, SQS, and S3 to build highly regulated, “serverless”, and mission critical solution for aviation industry.
Worked within Agile team using Git repositories.

Salient Systems – Austin, TX
Technical Product Manager – APIs and Integrations 06/2022 – 02/2023
Worked closely with internal software teams to coordinate and direct development projects aimed at Salient System’s APIs and integration partner’s requirements.
Used REST APIs to develop applications to manage video storage requirements.
Supported integration partners with internal SDK’s and API interfaces.
Analyzed 3rd party external product integrations to recommend potential adoption of software components by creating mock-up programs and test cases.
Worked with development teams within Agile environment to schedule and prioritize stories, epics, and tasks for completion to achieve goals.

QVINCI Software – Austin, TX
DBA / Senior Software Engineer 08/2021 – 06/2022
Managed Amazon Cloud RDS based database and EC2 based Microservices.
Used C# to implement database modifications and to investigate, identify, and repair slow running queries and created statistical analysis of database usage and load.
Worked within Agile methodology and Atlassian tools to manage workloads.
Used 3rd party SDKs to implement links between QVINCI web-based application,
Work Force, and Blue Synergy software.

ReconaSense – Austin, TX
Senior Software Engineer 11/2015 – 04/2021
Architected and developed world’s first AI assisted access control and security platform using C# and big data analytics.
Managed cross functional team of engineers, technical writers, and technical support specialists.
Designed and managed AZURE database structure with custom classes ORM.
Business tier components written using C#.net 4.0+ on Microsoft Windows platform.
Multiple additional services written in C# and C++ to speak with various hardware devices and partner SDKs / APIs to integrate with other platform components.
Created internal platform SDK to allow integration development into the ReconaSense AI platform environment.
Used Agile methodology to plan and manage development project.
Acted as Technical Program Manager for company’s core software development products.

KERI Systems, Inc – San Jose, CA
Senior Software Engineer 03/2008 – 11/2015
Developed real time software products for the access control and security markets.
Designed CCTV based product “Keri Reflections” to talk to IP, ONVIF, and
desktop cameras using C# with a Plug-in architecture.
Developed and maintained flagship applications and drivers using C# and VB.net on the .NET platform.

Open Options, Inc - Carrollton, Texas
Software Architect and Senior Software Engineer 01/2000 – 12/2007
Software Architect: Designed, developed, and sustained all components of enterprise, real time enterprise Security, Access Control, and CCTV software platform.
Developed the Database in Microsoft SQL Server.
Platform uses an N-tiered design consisting of a data layer, business logic layer,
driver’s layer, and a presentation layer. All layers were written using C++.
Database ORM implemented using custom classes to maximize speed and efficiency.
All external device and panel drivers are implemented using Microsoft Active
Template Library and C++.
Presentation layer developed using MFC and C++.

Control Systems International, Inc - Carrollton, Texas
Senior Software Engineer 09/1994 – 01/2000
Software Engineer: Responsible for design, development, and implementation of software products sold by Control Systems International using C and C++.

Boeing - Corinth, Texas
Manufacturing Systems Analyst 01/1989 – 09/1994
Liaison between manufacturing and IT. Developed several interfaces between company MRP system and Manufacturing Cost Accounting group. Estimated costs of labor, manpower, company staffing, and company budgeting exercises.
Conversion team from legacy MRP system to BAAN.

EDUCATION
University of North Texas, Denton Texas, BBA – Business Computer Information Systems

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Demonstrated proficiency in:
.NET Development, C#, LINQ, C, C++, and ASP.net.
Software architecture, design, and next generation development.
Agile Scrum Systems, TFS, GIT, Jira, Confluence, Test Rails, and FogBugz.
Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, IOT, and Empirical Modeling.
Entity Framework and NHibernate ORM development.
Database design and maintenance.
SQL Server, MongoDB, SQL Lite, SQL.
AWS Services, including Lambda, SQS, SNS, and S3/DynamoDB storage.
Contact this candidate