Andrew Shafer, MA
720-***-**** ad8p7o@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn/in/AndrewCShafer
SOFTWARE DEVELOPER PROGRAMMER
Back End Development
EARLY CAREER SOFTWARE ENGINEER possessing a love of logic and a drive to solve problems. Strengths:
Contributed to Design Decisions and Priorities with a cross-functional team in a fast paced agile process.
Developing Features and Producing Excellent Software with awareness of security concerns and best practices.
Analytical Problem Solving to identify concerns, find root causes of bugs, and devise out of the box solutions.
Collaborating and Teamwork using strong written and oral communication skills. Software Development Skills: Python, Ruby, JavaScript, Apps Script, SQL, PostgreSQL, NoSQL, GraphQL, Active Record, Travis, CircleCI, Rails, Django, Postman, GitHub, Test Driven Development, JSON, Rspec, Capybara, REST, Agile, Linux, Haml, Rollbar, Breakman, Sidekiq, AWS. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Certifications
Certificate in Back End Engineering, TURING SCHOOL OF SOFTWARE & DESIGN, 2021
Amazon Web Services Certified Cloud Practitioner (CCP), AMAZON WEB SERVICES, 2024 Back End Developer, Associate Software Engineer, PROCARE SOLUTIONS July 2022 – December 2023 Worked remotely in pods that facilitated frequent contact with Product, QA, and Front End and Back End developers. I focused on writing effective code to provide a positive online experience for our users as part of the Childcare Management Software Team. Technical Skills
Develop and maintain Back end services and RESTful API’s, completing up to 3 or 4 cards and bug tickets each during 2 week sprints to ensure performance.
Fixed flakey tests, and wrote unit tests using test driven development in order to help reach the goal of 98% coverage.
Reviewed and edited bug tickets using Front End and Back End tools to troubleshoot the cause, and recommend optimal approaches to a solution before assigning the ticket to the appropriate team.
Created and improved SQL queries to a large relational database with consideration for size, speed, and scalability. Communication Skills
Collaborated in an agile environment with FE Developers and Cross Functional Teams to design and implement software.
Contributed to the Design and Architect decisions during sprint meetings by helping to write and estimating the difficulty of 8 to 12 tickets of each sprint and by setting team priorities, and planning pod strategy.
Wrote documentation, step by step instructions for processes, and customized error messages in both technical and accessible styles for the purpose of communicating with both developers and users. Back End Developer, Student, Turing School of Software & Design 2021 Immersive training in object oriented programming and web applications with Ruby using cross team processes. Example projects:
Barn-Raiser: Using agile workflow methodology, worked in a group to build an application to help communities match needs to resources. Pitched project, and proposed initial plans for data base and MVP. Facilitated communication between Front End
(FE) and Back End (BE) teams. Wrote JSON contracts for GraphQL End Points. Continuous deployment with Circle CI.
- Developed with Ruby, Rails, Rspec, GraphQL, JavaScript, React, Heroku, and CircleCI
Vote-Local: Coordinated FE and BE repositories to develop an application allowing users to find and contact local representatives on Twitter. Architected application functionality and pivoted focus as necessary. Set up Twitter OAuth for authentication, and used Twitter and Google Civics APIs. - Developed with Ruby, Rails, Rspec, REST, Heroku, and Travis Additional Professional Experience, FORDHAM UNIVERSITY 2017 - 2020 Taught Introductory Philosophy courses. Mentored and advised students. Developed curriculum to communicate complex ideas. EDUCATION
M.A., Philosophy, FORDHAM UNIVERSITY
B.A., Philosophy, UNIVERSITY OF DALLAS, Summa Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa, Phi Sigma Tau
Contact this candidate