Anil Kumar Chokkakula
Lead Software Engineer
Email: ad8ped@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: +1-913-***-****
Professional Summary:
A Robotic Process Automation UiPath and Blue Prism Consultant with more than 11 + years of IT experience & over 8+ Years of extensive hands-on experience on RPA into UiPath and Blue Prism Additionally, I possess technical proficiency in software applications like DECIPHER, and ABBYY Flexi Capture Data Extraction Tools
Proficient with all the version of UiPath right from the base 7.5, 8 to until the latest version 17.1.6435 and Blue Prism v5.0 to v7.2.
Successfully executed more than 20 projects on RPA using UiPath and Blue Prism since 2016
Provided RPA solution to Legal, Banking, Finance, Telecom and US healthcare domains.
Experience on Creating DFD's (Document Form Definitions) and Document Types and Batch types and Training Models to automate scanned PDF files by using DECIPHER.
Experience on Creating Layouts for Customers, Creating DFD's and Creating Workflows as per business requirements by using ABBYY Flex capture Data Extraction from PDF Files.
Having good people management knowledge have delivered UiPath training / mentoring session for .net developers for around 60 + developers spread across 6 batches till date.
Used different UiPath automation techniques to automate complex processes. E.g. Scrapping, OCR engines, Recordings, UiExplorer, Selectors, queues, publishing, and provisioning etc.
Did almost all kind of automation for example: Excel Automation, Web Automation, E-mail Automation, PDF Automation, SAP Automation, Image/OCR Automation etc.
Project Management and Implementation - Ensure the delivery of the projects along with end-to-end Implementation of the Projects
Technical Skills:
Robotics Process Automation (RPA) : UI Path Studio, Orchestrator, Blue Prism,
ML - Data Extraction Tools : DECIPER, ABBYY Flexi Capture.
Database : MS Access, SQL Server
Languages : VB.Net, B 6.0, VBA, VBScript, C#.net
Certifications and Trainings:
BluePrism
DeveloperAD01, Solution Designer ASD01.
UiPath RPA Developer Advanced.
Education:
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science & Technology.

Employment History:
RPA Technical Lead at Tata Consulting Services, January,2022-May,2024
Project Leadership and Management:
Lead the full lifecycle of automation projects from discovery to development and deployment.
Manage a team through all project phases, ensuring adherence to timelines and deliverables.
High-Risk Process Automation:
Successfully automate critical, high-risk manual processes under aggressive timelines.
Ensure robustness and reliability of automated solutions to meet client requirements.
Code Efficiency and Success:
Develop and deliver efficient automation solutions with a high success rate.
Implement best practices to optimize code performance and maintainability.
Subject Matter Expertise (SME):
Act as an SME for Blue Prism, particularly in IE to Chrome conversion and API integrations.
Provide guidance and support to team members on technical challenges and solutions.
Platform Migration and Improvement:
Convert complex legacy solutions to UiPath Platform, ensuring seamless integration and improved functionality.
Enhance existing processes to leverage new features and capabilities of UiPath.

Lead RPA Software Engineer at Wipro, March,2020-January,2022
Experience Summary:
Key team member with leadership roles in multiple processes utilizing Blue Prism, Uipath, DECIPHER, and ABBYY tools.
Specialized in manual process automation projects.
Client engagement with Johnson & Johnson and Huntington Bank.
Led and participated in the automation of multiple processes using Blue Prism and Uipath RPA.
Spearheaded a pilot process at Johnson & Johnson focusing on automating unstructured data using Blue Prism, DECIPHER.
Created Document Form Definitions (DFDs), Document Types, Batch Types, and Training Models to automate scanned PDF files using DECIPHER.
Proficient in setting up infrastructure for effective tool utilization.
Involved in all stages of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and possess comprehensive knowledge of the Blue Prism RPA Delivery Process Roadmap.

RPA Senior Consultant & Consultant at Capgemini, August,2016-March,2020
Experience Summary:
Role: RPA Senior Consultant & Consultant / Mentor / Production Support
Experience in Blue Prism Web Automation (Chrome, IE, Edge), Consuming WEB API services, Mainframe Automation and Surface Automation in the Blue prism process.
Code Reviews and DA reviews for client approval, coordinating testing, defect management, postproduction support and environment set up.

Software Developer at SreeGo Software Solutions, February,2013-July,2016
Role: Dot net Developer
Involved in complete SDLC including architecture, analysis, design, development, Expertise in ASP.NET with C#.Net, ADO.NET, AJAX, SSRS Reports, Crystal Reports, XML, MS SQL and used N-tier, API calls, Windows Services (SMS & Email Services), Web services, Windows Services, WCF and client/server architecture.

Project Highlights:
Project 1: House Account Indicator and Fee Remit
End Client: Vanguard
Duration: March,2023- Till Date.
Technologies: UiPath.
Description: The main objective of this process is to have sales and Use tax report generated every month from Web based application, windows application and mails with input reports, Capture the result from respective inputs based on site and update the same for the corresponding month in the Report file template and upload the sales and use tax report to Taxing application and send a notification mail to the concern team as uploaded.
Responsibilities:
Identified manual process and did requirement gathering, so that we could automate those processes.
Got trained in RPA tool like UiPath.
Implemented web-based automation to download profiles from different job portals.
Designing workflow for web-based data scrapping and e-mailing to various channels.
Used web scrapping techniques to extract structured data from websites.
Used Excel, workbook and data tables activities to accomplish excel automation.
Worked with Google and Microsoft OCR engine for Citrix and image automations.
Read and converted data from PDF to word and word to PDF to suffice business requirements.
Identifying exceptions and its solution by testing each activity.
Expertise in analysis of requirements, sourcing, screening, interviewing, short listing, negotiating, and bringing the best talent on-board to satisfy 3 entities - the client, the candidate and myself.
Build candidates database utilizing Internet recruiting tools & Referrals.

Project 2: Gather Documents

End Client: AXA, Belgium.
Duration: January,2022- February, 2023.
Technologies: Blue Prism.
Description: The process is a part of Customer Identification Program. It involves fetching all the case details of an account from Case Manager Web Application and interact with different screens in ESS Web Application with the case details fetched. Then update the account in the Case Manager with appropriate status.
Responsibilities: Understanding manual processes and designing bots to automate repetitive processes.
Did development of front end and back-end bots to automate number of processes.
Responsible for provisioning of those bots in UiPath orchestrator, organization wide and schedule them.
Created flowchart and sequences according to UiPath best practices to create bots.
Used large number of activities in different workflows to suffice automation requirements.
Implemented different kinds of automations inside organization E.g. excel, pdf, word, web, desktop applications, reporting tools, data entry, database, email etc.
Identifying exceptions and its solution by testing each activity. Used debugging features present in UiPath Studio.
Creating DFD's (Document Form Definitions) and Document Types and Batch types and Training Models to automate scanned PDF files by using DECIPHER.
Created different documents related to automation projects.

Project 3: KYC IR CASE CREATE
End Client: Johnson & Johnson.
Duration: Febuary,2021- January, 2022.
Technologies: Blue Prism.
Description KYC (know your customer), a term used for the Customer identification process. The objective of the KYC guidelines is to prevent banks being used intentionally or unintentionally by criminal elements for money laundering. The Process involves fetching all the case details from Case Manager Web Application by consuming WEB API services and filling the fetched case details into a Investigative Referral Form to get Referral number and update the Referral number back in Case Manager.

Responsibilities:
Involved in Manual process requirements calls to understand end-end process on key stroke level.
Identified the automation scope feasibility in process perspective.
Reviewed the high-level solution for the process flow and prepared SDD, PDI and ODI documents.
Creating Layouts for Customers, Creating DFD's and Creating Workflows as per business requirements by using ABBYY Flex capture Data Extraction from PDF Files.
Developed process with Multi bot architecture and Reusable business objects.
Implemented this process by using API connection by pulling data from backend.
Ensured Quality of coded components by performing functional and regression testing.
Helped internal team with production release documents which supported team, involved in UAT and Production support deployment.

Project 4: PSL QSL Process
End Client: Huntington Bank.
Duration: March,2020- January, 2021.
Technologies: UiPath.
Description: The main objective of the project is to automate the process, where bot will get the input Requests from SharePoint, then bot will proceed Request one by one by Downloading input excel files from Share Point and validate all the Excel Scenarios based on the input Requests and upload the verified files into eMP Web-based Application.

Responsibilities: Creation, development, and maintenance of automated MI Reporting of UiPath processes in MS Access and Excel, also looking into running this in MS SQL Server using MS Access front-end.
Analyze the feasibility of existing process suitable for automation.
Participate online meetings to demonstrate the capabilities of RPA for on-going projects and potential clients.
Experienced in building UiPath Processes and Business Objects for various business systems.
Implemented UiPath User authentication by defining user roles, creating users and setting password policies.
Experience in using UiPath Credential Manager for maintaining, securing and retrieving the user credentials.

Project 5: HSBC Cards & Loans (Visa Debit Charge Backs-FSP &VFS)
End Client: HSBC Bank
Duration: Febaury,2018- March, 2020.
Technologies: Blue Prism.
Description: In this Process there is one queue called JVDFSP. When customer calls up to mark a transaction as Fraud, the card is blocked. Once the card is blocked all the transactions which were in pending status to be posted to the account, they are routed to fraud suspense account. In this queue, the advisors pick up the case to check whether the said transaction are actual fraud or genuine transaction. If it is genuine transaction, it is posted to customers account and if it is fraud transaction, it is moved to a different queue JVDFSU. VFS is an exact replica of FSP queue, but it is for First Direct accounts.

Responsibilities: Assessed automation feasibility and Requirement gathering from the client and interact with process Team.
Preparing the Sop, ODI, PDI, PDD, documentations.
Developing the workflow as per the client requirement of window and web-based application through Blue prism.
Implemented this process by using API connection by pulling data from backend.
Workflow designing, developing, Testing and deployment in client environment.
Participated in SIT and UAT testing phases.
Applied various spying modes for different types of applications (Mainframe, Java-based, Web applications).

Project 6: HSBC Balance Transfer.
End Client: HSBC Bank
Duration: August,2016- January, 2018.
Technologies: Blue Prism.
Description: In this process, we have a queue named JSNCBT which is used to by the operatives to pick up the work items/ instructions and process the balance transfer as requested by the customer. Before proceeding with the Balance transfer, the instruction needs to be validated to identify if it meets all the prior checks which has to be performed om different applications and once all the pre checks passes the balance transfer is made to the bank and latter is only when the balance transfer is declined to notify the user..

Responsibilities: Understanding manual processes and designing bots to automate repetitive processes.
Did development of front end and back-end bots to automate number of processes.
Used large number of activities in different workflows to suffice automation requirements.
Implemented different kinds of automations inside organization E.g. excel, pdf, word, web, desktop applications, reporting tools, data entry, database, email and etc.
Identifying exceptions and its solution by testing each activity.
Created different documents related to automation projects.
Workflow designing, developing, Testing and deployment in client environment.
Participated in SIT and UAT testing phases.
Applied various spying modes for different types of applications (Mainframe, Java-based, Web applications).

Project 7: Cabsaving.com (Cab Pooling)
End Client: City cabs, green cabs, Sky City Cabs, Yellow Cabs, Dot Cabs.
Duration: Febaury,2013- July, 2016.
Technologies: C# 4.0, Asp.Net, Ajax, WCF, ADO.NET, SQL Server 2008.
Description India's first multi cab booking platform, developed in the year 2014 and is a part of SreeGo Solutions. Its services are point to point, Airport pickup and drop, cab sharing, self-driven. Introducing first time ever, an application that will assist you to compare cab fares among wide range of cab providers, share your cab ride and book your cab from anywhere in your budget. We can book a cab through the web and Mobile application (IOS and Android OS).

Responsibilities: Developed the ASP.Net application with N-Tier architecture.
Involved in Analyzing, designing, and developing the application using C#.NET, ASP.NET, AJAX.
Role based access was used for the Users to grant access to others.
Maintained the user-credentials with the SQL server database with encrypted values.
Created Database Design, Database Stored Procedures for ensuring data integrity and consistence.
Contact this candidate