Rajashekhar Reddy Kontham
ad8p9l@r.postjobfree.com +1-330-***-**** Irving, TX 75063
https://linkedin.com/in/rajashekharreddykontham

Summary:

Software engineer with over 5 years of experience in algorithm development, data structure implementation, and web application development. Proficient in relational and non-relational databases, with hands-on experience in Azure Cloud and AWS. Skilled in Agile software development methodology, programming languages including Python, Java, Node.js, AngularJS, TypeScript, and React, as well as database management, ETL, and business intelligence reporting tools such as Power BI, Tableau, and QlikView. Strong background in DevOps tools such as Git, Docker, and Jenkins. Excellent communication skills and ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams.

Work Experience:

Software Engineer II, 7-Eleven Inc - Irving, TX September 2019 - Present

Designed and developed the backend for an innovative application that effectively detected fraud in store transactions, resulting in significant cost savings of hundreds of thousands of dollars for franchisees and approximately 4 million dollars for the company.
Architected and developed a diverse portfolio of cutting-edge web applications, leveraging Node.js and the Express framework to deliver high-performance, scalable, and user-friendly solutions.
Spearheaded the design and implementation of a sophisticated data aggregation pipeline on Azure Databricks, using Scala and Spark to efficiently extract IoT sensor data from a continuous stream, perform intricate data transformations, and securely store data on SQL DB and Azure Storage Blob, which resulted in 30% faster data processing and analysis.
Crafted impactful Power BI reports that provided real-time insights into critical KPIs, trends analysis, and anomaly detection, enabling proactive decision making and resulting in a 15% reduction in operational costs.
Developed serverless functions on AWS to enable on-demand video viewing and live streaming using Azure Media Services, resulting in 20% faster video delivery and seamless user experience.
Managed the creation, retrieval, and maintenance of multimedia and structural data on Azure Storage Blob.
Developed and deployed a scalable Pub/Sub model utilizing Azure Service Bus to effectively handle delayed API responses, eliminating gateway failures and improving the overall resilience of the system.
Managed the implementation, maintenance, and secure data retrieval of MongoDB and Postgres for efficient data management.
Developed comprehensive dashboards on New Relic that reported sales metrics and trends, enabling effective performance monitoring and informed decision making.

Strategy and Planning Intern, FedEx Custom Critical - Green, OH January 2019 - June 2019

Streamlined the audit process by creating VBA macros, reducing the completion time from a week to less than a minute, and significantly increasing audit accuracy and efficiency and enabling the company to save over 200 hours of manual labor per month, resulting in a 30% increase in productivity and cost savings of $50K annually.
Led collaboration efforts with multiple development teams to create VBA macros that automated diverse tasks, from financial analysis to contract validations, resulting in streamlined workflows and improved accuracy.
Employed Automation Anywhere (RPA Tool) to automate various tasks, resulting in improved operational efficiency and increased productivity.

Software Engineer, Tech Mahindra Ltd - Hyderabad, Telangana December 2016 - August 2017

Handpicked as a valuable team member among only five associates from a highly selective candidate pool of 2,500, to successfully implement a strategic solution for SBI, a prominent Indian banking giant.
Streamlined the integration of diverse customer data from multiple subsidiaries of SBI bank, by utilizing Informatica MDM to unify the data into a centralized source.
Successfully completed certified training program in SAS Administrator Console at SAS Institute, Mumbai.
Built an efficient ETL pipeline using Informatica PowerCenter and presented the results through effective data visualization using QlikView.

Software Engineer, Apalya Technologies - Hyderabad, Telangana October 2015 - December 2016

Designed and developed a user-friendly web application using AngularJS and Java to automate the live digital TV stream validation process, enabling the support team to effortlessly play any channel from a comprehensive list of channels.
Developed and maintained the backend for multiple web applications, with a focus on creating efficient Restful APIs using the JAX-RS Jersey framework.
Took charge of designing and managing MySQL databases for storing, updating, optimizing, and querying TV streams.
Developed expertise in encoding analogue streams to digital by working on Wowza Streaming Engine.

Education:

Master of Science in Computer Science
The University of Akron - Akron, OH May 2019

Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University - Hyderabad, Telangana May 2016
Contact this candidate