Shreya Deshpande
Email: ad8plz@r.postjobfree.com
Contact Number: +1-571-***-****
LinkedIn ProHile: linkedin.com/in/shreya-deshpande Visa Detail : L2 Visa (No Sponsorship required)
Objective:
To get a challenging position in an organization where my skills will be fully harnessed. Executive Summary:
● Competent software professional having 7 years 8 months of experience on Java & Java Frameworks.
● Worked extensively on technologies like Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Hibernate and Microservices.
● Strong knowledge on Object Oriented Programming Concepts.
● Good understanding of Design Patterns
● A good team player
● Flexible and versatile to adapt to any new environment and work on any project
● Process oriented, keen to learn & work on new technologies.
● Dedicated, self-driven, focused and result oriented always one step ahead for challenges. Academics:
● B.E. (Computer Science & Engineering) from Amravati University in the year 2015 with CGPA 8.26.
● Completed Diploma in Computer Technology from MSBTE Maharashtra in 2012. (69%)
● Secondary School Certificate (SSC) from MH state board in the year 2009, secured 76%. Professional Summary:
● Worked as Senior Consultant with “Capgemini”, Pune from May 2023 to Apr 2024.
● Previously worked with “L&T Infotech”, Mumbai, as Senior Software Engineer from Jun 2016 to Mar 2023.
Skills Summary:
Frameworks: Spring-Boot, Spring
Middle-tier: Java, Web Services-REST, Micro-Services Cloud Services: Azure
Database: MySQL, DB2, Oracle
Front-End: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
1 Page
Tools: Eclipse, STS, IntelliJ, SQL-Developer, Win-SCP, Putty, Postman, Git etc. Project Experience:
Project Number 1
Company: Capgemini
Duration: May 2023 – Apr 2024 (Around 1 Year)
Role: Senior Consultant
Project: DandC (BMW)
Description: DandC is a project based on Microservice platform which processes the data for Demand and Consumption of car body parts.
Responsibilities: • Implemented changes in the functionality of services as per the business requirements, tracked the progress in JIRA and followed agile methodologies for timely project delivery.
• Worked on bug fixes that occurred in production.
• Contributed in migration of Java version from 11 to 17 and Quarkus 3.5.0 to 3.7.0
• Regularly reviewed code contributions, offering constructive feedback to enhance overall product quality.
• Supported in production issues, monitored production critical applications to ensure smooth execution of jobs, and if faced any issue worked on resolving them.
• Monitored the applications using grafana where the charts and graphs for the application data consumption were created to understand the patterns for application performance analysis.
•Updated working knowledge by studying new development tools and programming techniques and participating in educational opportunities. Learned new technologies and frameworks such as Quarkus Framework, Kafka Streams with Java 11 in short duration.
• Mentored junior developers, fostering professional growth and enhancing team productivity.
• Worked with a team to correct problems and run test scenarios.
• Estimated work hours and tracked progress using Scrum methodology.
• Coordinated deployments of feature updates and fixes.
• Maintained comprehensive documentation of development work, facilitating knowledge sharing among team members.
Technology
& Tools:
Microservices, Azure, Bit-Bucket, Jenkins, Sonar, Java 11, Quarkus 3.5.0 Project Number 2
Company: LTIMindtree
Duration: Mar 2020 - Mar 2023 (3 Years)
Role: Senior software Engineer
Project: Customer Omnichannel experience (Principal Global Services) 2 Page
Description: Provide Omnichannel experience to individuals (a person purchases or directly benefits for the products, services, and experience), organization through best-in-class digital solutions and external partners. Responsibilities: •Development on the application modules where new requirement changes were needed for the application.
• Demonstrated experience and good hands-on programming experience in backend technologies such as Java 8, Spring MVC, Rest API etc.
• Optimized code performance for improved user experience and system efficiency.
• Engaged in client requirement analysis and understanding the changes functionally and technically.
• Worked on developing unit test cases for application and ensured maximum code coverage.
• Worked on tool Cloud Test for the load testing of applications.
•Guided junior colleagues with project understanding. Technology
& Tools:
SQL Developer, Bit-Bucket, Bamboo, Sonar, Java 8, Spring MVC, DB2 Project Number 3
Company: LTIMindtree
Duration: Sep 2019 to Dec 2019 (4 months)
Role: Software Engineer
Project: Marsh EUSCI Service Center (Marsh and McLennan) Responsibilities: • Migration of application from Ant to Maven build. Worked upon the modernization of the project.
• Work related to bug fixes and issues encountered in the process. Technology
& Tools:
Bit-Bucket, Bamboo, Java 7, Spring Framework 4.3
Project Number 4
Company: LTIMindtree
Duration: Jun 2016 to Aug 2019 (3.5+ years)
Role: Software Engineer
Project: Trade Finance Global (Nordea Bank)
Description: Trade Finance assists with importing and exporting to customer payment, Financing and risk management services through guarantees, Collections etc. Trade Finance provides Solution to customers and TF Business to do smooth operations using Trade Finance products.
3 Page
Responsibilities: • Worked on a core java application that was scheduled on a batch job.
• Contributed in enhancement of application for business change requirements.
• Consistently meet project deadlines by effectively managing time and prioritizing tasks according to importance.
• Championed best coding practices within the team to improve overall code quality and maintainability.
• Continuous Integration Environment set up.
• Communication with client and involving third parties.
• Server Upgrade – Configuration, Deployments.
• Work related to bug fixes and Maintenance of applications.
• Identified and documented existing and new project changes for team members and new joiners.
• Batch Monitoring – UC4 Tool
Technology &
Tools:
Java 7, Spring Framework 4.3, Hibernate, MySQL, JIRA, GIT,Bitbucket,bamboo, Putty, WIN-SCP, UC4
Personal Details :
Name Shreya Sanjay Deshpande
Father’s Name Late Mr. Sanjay Deshpande
Mother’s Name Mrs. Rohini Deshpande
Husband’s Name Mr. Roshan Bawankar
Date of Birth 27-01-1994
Passport Number N1850919
Driving License T68334237
Present Address Jefferson Park Drive, Herndon VA - 20171, USA Languages known English, Hindi, Marathi.
4 Page
Contact this candidate