SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
SPECIALIST
TANMAY DURGULE
EXPERIENCE (10 YEARS)
EDUCATION
SKILLS
CONTACT
+91-738*******
ad8qt0@r.postjobfree.com
Pune, Maharashtra
Tech-Savvy Software Engineer : Innovative
Problem-Solver with a Passion for High-
Quality Code.
Java, Java8
Spring Boot, Spring JPA
Git, Junit, AspectJ
May, 2015 - present
Amdocs Ltd
Apr, 2014 - May, 2015
Ieyze Corporation Ltd.
SOFTWARE ENGINEER
Worked on Legacy billing application
support and enhancement.
Planned and executed customers
requirement having active interaction with
architects and DBA.
Develop migration of legacy billing
application to microservice architecture.
Manage & lead Team's development, while
writing LLD & review to maintain code
quality across application.
Worked on Activity Monitoring application
development.
Worked on Product distribution system
development.
HSC (Science)
2009 - 2013
SSPM's College Of Eng. Mumbai University
2008 - 2009
DBJ College, Chiplun
BE in Computer Science
SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT SPECITIALIST
SQL, Oracle10g, Couchbase
Maven, Jenkins, Bitbucket
Microservices, Kafka
Red Hat OpenShift
PROJECT DETAILS
Real Time Billing (RTB) : Telecom billing product with multiple microservices to handle E2E billing. 4 years (Jun, 2018- Oct, 2022)
&
Financials (FinEx) : Comprising of several microservices to facilitates & track Payments and refund against bill generated. 2 years (Oct, 2022- Present)
Developed microservice architecture-based applications which involves Kafka for asynchronous communication, Rest APIs, Couchbase etc. Technically led the team with LLD and development of microservices. Mentored teams in new development and support.
Managed team of professionals.
Collaborated with architects to devise solutions for both functional and non- functional issues.
Implemented well-designed, efficient, testable services by writing JUnit’s and integration tests keeping Sonar Coverage >90%
Proactively identified and resolved gaps in procedures. For Async communication to process large data or the data that takes time to process we used kafka streams & mappings to send data between different microservices.
Technology stack : Java, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Spring Data JPA, Microservices, Kafka, Couchbase, Sql etc.
Customer Management, Account Receivable & Core Foundation Module 4 years (May, 2015-Jun, 2018)
Worked as an individual contributor in product development and solutions. Handled Estimations, Design discussions with Arch and Development of CFDs.
Separated Business and error handing using AspectJ to make it more simple to understand.
Documented decade old complex code base to save time required while investigating critical issues.
Technology stack : Java, Javascript, Sql, Perforce, Aspectj, Junit etc. Ieyze Distribution System 1 year (Apr, 2014-May, 2015) Functional part of company website developed for the distribution of Red Ieyze Software Copy.
Involved in development for login of both client and server with authentication, activation of account through mail, Creating dynamic contents, upload software copy according to client requirement, payment gateway.
Built all templates of the application.
Led application development from scratch with scalability. Through testing of application and identifying functional challenges and then redesigning strategies.
Technology stack : Core java, Servlet, Remote socket programming, Sql etc.
Red Ieyze (Employee Monitoring Software) 1 year (Apr, 2014-May, 2015)
Contact this candidate