ISRAEL GONZALEZ-BROOKS
FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPER

ad8qaa@r.postjobfree.com 702-***-**** Las Vegas, NV

PROJECTS

NutriJournal

Personal food tracking and nutrition visualization app

Built using React, Redux, styled-components, Node, Firebase and Postgres.

As Lead Tester, raised coverage to 30% within a matter of weeks, utilizing Jest, Enzyme and Stryker Mutator.

Implemented barcode scanning feature in a week using the third-party library Quagga.

Budget Blocks

Personal fnance budgeting app

Built using React, Redux, Node, Material UI, Node and Postgres.

As Project Lead, coordinated a group of fve web developers, one UX designer and one iOs developer to extend and improve a previously scafolded app. Provided real-time code review on all pull requests submitted by the team throughout the development time, including code review on Swift PR's. Participated in UI development, backend architectural decisions, DevOps including deployment and error logging and development of the overall testing strategy.

SKILLS

HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, RESTful APIs, Command Line, PostgreSQL, Python, Deployment, Express, Node, React Native Expo, Sequelize, GraphQL, Jest, Cypress, GitHub Actions CD/CI Pipeline

EMPLOYMENT

Spellbound Inc · Remote
Sept. 2020 to Aug. 2021
Full Stack Engineer

Half of a two person team developing a community and content iOS app

Created and modifed React Native components using Expo

Maintained and refactored a Node GraphQL backend with Sequelize and Postgres

Implemented user analytics from the ground up using Google’s API

Lambda School · Remote
Oct. 2019 to Sept. 2020
Team Lead

Leading and helping coordinate a group of up to 8 student web developers

Airbnb CX Campaign at Sutherland Global · Las Vegas, NV
Oct. 2016 to Nov. 2019

Team Leader Mentor and CX Process Manager

In 23 months moved from CX, to case-manager, to case-manager supervisor, to Associate Account Manager to last position as Team Leader Mentor and CX Process Manager

Understand user-relationship management

Empathically deal with users' high-pressure crises

Communicating best practices for handling difcult situations

Mastered investigation and troubleshooting skills

Coordinated tasks for groups ranging between 15 - 500 on a daily basis

Utilize BPMN 2.0 to outline internal processes and mesh those with client processes Experience with program-wide NPS management and best practices

The Art of Dale Mathis · Las Vegas, NV June 2015 to Oct. 2016 Administrative Assistant

Mastered the basics and details of running a small business

Coordinate time-critical projects to exceed the standards of high-value customers based around the world

Internalized the importance of self-motivation and organizational capability when running a business

EDUCATION

Lambda School Feb. 2019 to June 2020

Full Stack Web Development
Contact this candidate