ABIRAMI SIVAPRAKASAM
Email Id: ad8r21@r.postjobfree.com / ad8r21@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile No: 978-***-****

SUMMARY
Detail oriented and strong IT professional with proven success.
Backed out with 10 + years of experience into Software testing with full Software Testing lifecycle and Bug Life cycle experience.
Holding a strong credentials in Software testing including CSTP and Agile certification.
Open for Project Management Roles or Software Testing roles
EXPERIENCE DETAILS
Feb 2021 to Present
3.6 Years
Senior Test Engineer - Working for Platform Instruments (PIES) under Cleverex Technologies (Payroll) – Chennai
June 2015 to Dec 2017
2.6 Years
Associate Quality Assurance Engineer – Level 1 - RAVsoft Solutions Private Limited, Chennai
Dec 2005 to Sep 2010
4.10 years
Test Engineer in Siva Industries and Holdings Limited (A Siva Group Company), Chennai

KEY SKILLS
Technical Skills
Project Management Skills
Web based application Testing /Integration testing
Health care /Telecom domain testing
Functional / Sanity Testing
UAT
JIRA and QAC Tools
Test Case preparation and execution
Test Scenarios / coverages
Performance Testing / Jmeter
SQL
Requirement Analysis
Planning
Project report
Project presentations

ORGANISATIONAL COMPETENCIES
Held a dotted line reporting lead for 3 members team.
Having Knowledge on Agile Methodologies and lead a team by conducting the daily meetings.
Good knowledge in project management processes and workflows
Proficient in MS office tools like Word, Excel (formulae, Charts), PPT.
Strong communication skills (both Written and oral).
Ability to prioritize and work on multiple assignments.
Extensive background in preparing and maintaining periodic management reports.
Excellent presentation, communication & interpersonal skills
Fast learner, self-motivated, team player.
TECHNICAL COMPETENCIES
Sound knowledge and proven experience in Manual testing, JIRA and QAC
Well versed in Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) and Bug Life Cycle (BLC)
Functional, SIT and UAT support through out the project
Experience in creation of the test scenarios and conditions and involved in preparing, executing and reviewing the Test Cases, Environment setup and preparing the Test Summary Report
Having very good experience in handling multiple projects simultaneously
Good knowledge in Performance testing using Jmeter
Technically proficient in MS office suits
Experience in Defect management and tracking issues using Bug Tracking Tool like JIRA

ACHIEVEMENTS/ AWARDS / APPRECIATIONS

Received appreciations from clients and Project manager for delivering the Defect free Projects in the stipulated timeline
Received appreciation from the project team for commitment and positive attitude towards work

CERTIFICATIONS

Agile with Atlassian Jira - April 2020
PRINCE2 Certification from COGNEX, Chennai - September 2019
CSTP (Certified Software Testing Professional), from STC Technologies, Chennai - January 2014 to
March 2014

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND

M.B.A – HRM - 2010-2011 – From Anna University Chennai
B.E - CSE - 2002 – 2005 - From Anna University Affiliated Engineering College Chennai

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Senior Test Engineer – Cleverex Technologies (End client is PIES / Nokia) - Chennai from February 2021 to Present (Telecom Domain)
Major Responsibilities:
-Performance testing using JMeter
-Preparation of test cases – both SIT and UAT test cases and Test data preparation
-Executing the application using test cases and reporting the defects in JIRA
-Timely verification of fixed defects on appropriate build
-Participation and Support in UAT
-Communicating the status to the onsite client manger on daily basis
-work with a cross-functional team staffed in Australia and India (Both Development and Testing teams)
-Defect and issue identification, logging, tracking, reporting and timely verification of resolved items
-Preparation of TSR and DSR for SIT and UAT, RTM, and Test Documents.

Performance Testing Experience:
-Using JMeter for conducting Performance Testing based on business specifications
-Very good knowledge in Test Environment set up
-Good level of experience in J Meter Script execution
-Collecting Scheduler Responses and other statistical data to generate reports using graphs and aggregate Results
-Performance testing in NSM environment including dry Run and with loads after each project is completed
Team size
2 QA
Validation
Cross browser validation
Mode of Testing
Manual testing

PROJECT DETAILS
Project 6: Pies Studio - Version 3.1 (Dec’23 – April 24). Version 1.0 (May 24 – till Now)
Pies Studio is an AI driven No Code Application Development Program. PIES Studio is built on a simple mantra:
No-Code for Speed: Quickly turn ideas into applications with zero coding.
Low-Code for Flexibility: Customize solutions with minimal coding.
Pro-Code for Independence and IP Protection: Export and own the code of the application you are building, protect your intellectual property with full coding capabilities.
Pies Studio Includes access to Agbi an AI virtual developer assistant, helping efficiently navigate the platform and develop the applications

Project 5: Nokia Project - Smart Analytics Sprint 1 (June’23 – Aug’ 23), Sprint2 – (Sep’ 23 – Nov’ 23), Sprint3 –( Nov’ 23 – Dec’ 23)
Network Service Manager (NSM) serves as the service management platform for the Optus Mobile and Fixed network by providing Incident Management, Problem Management, Change Management, Knowledge Management capabilities.

The intent of this project to enhance the NSM by enhancing the Search/Solution capability across all modules of the platform and implementing automated incident and Change creation from the emails

Project 4: Nokia Project - PIR Automation Sprint 1, 2, 3 (March’23 – Sep’ 23)
Post Incident review(PIR) automation project will aim to replace the current manual process of PIR documentation with an automated PIR ticket creation with some of the incident data pre-populated followed by assigning and recording all the actions performed to resolve the PIR.

The new process will reduce the dependencies and provide more efficient way to handle the Post incident reporting process. PIR project involves PIR auto creation from the resolved incident, PIR actions and its functionalities, PIR Reporting and Email validations

Project 3: Nokia Project - PADLOCKGNSR803- Phase 2 – (May’21 – Aug 23)
Padlock is web-based access requesting tool for users to raise the access request for Network related applications/device access provisioning.
Padlock is used for the lifecycle management of user requests from the initiation to the implementation stage. During the lifecycle of the user request, Padlock directly engages approvers to approve or reject the requests.
After final approval, the requests are implemented automatically via Padlock, and notifications are sent to the user during each stage of the process.

Project 2: Nokia Project - SLM Drop1– Apr’21 – Aug’21, Drop2 - Oct’21 – Feb’21 and Drop3 -July’22 – Dec2023
Description:
This Project describes the requirements for Service Level Management (SLM) module to be developed and configured using the current NSM (Network Service Management) solution. This SLM project is a part of the Optus Genesis Transformation Programme.

The SLM project is aimed to provide a way to accurately configure and measure the Service Level agreements within Optus and between Optus and vendors to enable reporting from a single location. The platform will enable analysis of incidents, problems, change management, configuration and knowledge management with data collocated.

Here the incidents received from various integrated modules like IFMS, SNOW, Vendor SLAs are to be validated for achieved and breached status

Project 1: Nokia Project - Magnify MLT (Feb’21 – May’21)
Description:
-Magnify MLT is the Decommissioning of ECCM 3.2 ULL functions. Magnify MLT will deliver an automated ULL Metallic Line Testing (MLT) workflow using the Magnify infrastructure for Technicians to go and fix existing line faults.
-The process greatly reduces the number of calls Telstra technicians make to CSA agents in order to do the testing, therefore reduces the overall handling time for ULL resolutions, improves the level of accuracy and removes the need for agents to manually log into various systems.
The primary objective is to replace the ECCM3.2 automation of the ULL Metallic Line Testing (MLT) process with a like-for-like magnify based system. This process is used to fix existing consumer ULL line faults

Associate Quality Assurance Engineer – Level 1 - RAVsoft Solutions Private Limited, Chennai from June 2015 to December 2017 (Healthcare Domain)
Major Responsibilities

-Preparation of test cases (VP) independently from functional specification documents
-Executing the application using test cases and reporting the defects in JIRA
-Performing Regression testing and sanity testing for all the releases
-Timely verification of fixed defects on appropriate build
-Communicating the status to the onsite client manger on daily basis
-Attending scrum meetings both onsite and offshore team and update the status daily.
-work with a cross-functional team staffed in the USA and India (Both Development and Testing teams)
-Build and maintain test environment to execute the test cases including baselines
-Raised More than 100 JIRAs (LIS), 50 JIRAs (FOVIA) throughout the releases
-Test data collection and validation
-Defect and issue identification, logging, tracking, reporting and timely verification of resolved items
-Coordinated with on-shore and off-shore project manager in documentation, project plans, project presentations and so on

PROJECT DETAILS
Project 2: FOVIA (May 2017 to December 2017)
Description:
The Main function in FOVIA is rendering 2d and 3d images. The images may include Human images, Pet
Images, Construction pipes images and so on.
Fovia rendering Engines requires Input to process the DICOM studies. Those Inputs are given in the form of Raw data.

Team size
1 (Single point of contact)
Test Management Tools
QA Control
Defect Management Tools
Redmine
Mode of Testing
Manual testing
Environment
.NET, Windows, Linux and SQLite
OS Validation
Windows, Linux (cent-os), Red hat Linux, and Ubuntu
Releases
FOVIA 1.0
Duration
8Months

Project 1 : LIS (Lab Information System) – (June 2015 – June 2017)
Description:
Merge LIS ePortal is intended to be used for receiving, viewing, communicating and storing results (using an Inbox environment) from laboratory modalities. LIS functionality includes, recording, annotating, creating/printing labels, calculations, patient medication/interaction information, monitoring, reporting results to physicians via both human-readable reports and electronic (typically HL7-based) transmissions and trending of patient lab results.
Patients (0-100+ years) can include both human and animal subjects.
Lab environments: Hospital, clinic, reference lab, prison medical unit, research, and drug testing / pain management units.
External Interface
Merge LIS is interfaced to FlexConnect middleware. FlexConnect allows the system access to printers, label printers, fax modems, lab instruments, reference lab connections, and host connections.
Internal Interfaces
Merge LIS is composed of the browser-based UI, Data Server for FlexConnect servicing, and Scheduler for repetitive operations.
These components are essentially interfaced via the database, socket-based triggers are used between
UI and Data Server for specific data updates.

Team size
2 QAs
Test Management Tools
QA Control
Defect Management Tools
JIRA
Mode of Testing
Manual testing
Environment

.NET, Windows Server 2008, Windows 7 64-bit, SQL server 2012, My SQL
Browser Validation
IE9, IE10 and IE11
Releases
LIS 4.1.1, 4.1.2, 4.1.3, 4.1.4, 4.1.5, 4.1.5. Patch 1, 4.1.5. Patch 2, 4.1.6, 4.2
Duration
2years

Test Engineer - Siva Industries and Holdings Limited (A Siva Group Company) (Formerly Sterling InfoTech Limited, Sterling Group), Chennai from December 2005 to September 2010
Played a role as a project Co-Ordinator cum Tester for HRMS, Time /Office Module, Intranet, and other corporate projects from the beginning to launch of the projects.
Major Responsibilities
Worked closely with manager to ensure projects and assignments are delivered on time and on budget.
Involved in planning and preparing Project documents.
Acted as a SPOC for multiple projects
Dotted line reporting engineer for 3 members team.
Responsible for conducting periodic Team meetings.
Status Report preparation and communicating the status to the team, management and to the concerned departments to keep track on progress
Responsible for testing of All the projects, test case preparation and execution, Defect management and so on.
Project 2: Corporate Intranet (June 2007 to Dec 2010)
Description:
Internal is an e-portal /Internal Communication platform Which is exclusively designed and developed for the to support an organization’s employees to communicate, collaborate and perform their role and to share the inter departmental and organizational information,
Responsibilities:
Successfully Launched Company’s first Intranet portal during December 2007 and took absolute
responsibility for Intranet management to support business requirements and corporate
operating systems
Validate all the web live links in all possible ways before and after releasing the links to the end
Users and Maintaining a consistent look and feel throughout all web properties
Daily updation / Validation of Thought for the day, Weekly updation of Week Starters and Health
tips (In the form of PPT, PDF or HTML) and all other live links
Updating / Editing the contents like policies, new joiners, employee directories, List of holidays,
important events and so on as per the requirement
Sending weekly update email outlining the reports, number of hits, suggestion,
Seasonal Home page changes (Eg. Intranet Home page redesigning with Diwali, Christmas, New
Year images)
Giving regular updates to the development team and department head on test plans and test
progress.
Coordinating closely with the technical team, network and server technicians to maintain site
standards regarding new development, testing issues, test plans and progress
Project 1 : Time Office Module (Jan 2007 to Dec 2008)
Description:
Supports various time events mechanisms like in/out, break times, inter site travels and off-site work. Time Office consists of manpower planning, leave management, shift management, overtime management, reporting tool and employee self-help application. It is configurable to suit even most unique time office requirements and work-flows. It is seamless multi-location system
Responsibilities:
Involved in testing the entire Time office module by Preparing and executing test cases.
Reporting the bugs to development team and maintaining a track on raised and closed defects.
Testing all the modules and forms including filter by employees, Departments, Managers.
Testing of various modules like In/Out Statistics, Late mark, Early In and Out, Manual Entry.
Testing of auto generated Reports and emails.
Post installation support to management
Contact this candidate