Hassan Blurfrushan Telephone: 310-***-****
Redondo Beach CA, 90278 Email: ad8szc@r.postjobfree.com

Principal software/systems engineer with expertise in software development, system integration, build automation, technical leadership, embedded software, full stack software, DevOps. Experienced in all phases of software development. Fast learner, detail oriented, always looking for new challenges.

SKILLS
Languages: C, C++, C#, Java, Python, UNIX/Linux shell scripts/bash, JavaScript, ASP, SQL, HTML, Perl, XML, Assembly, Microcode
Enterprise Technologies: ASP.NET, J2EE (EJB, Servlet, JSP)
Platforms: Linux, Windows, UNIX
Software/Tools: Visual Studio, TeamWare/sccs, Purify, PureCoverage, JBuilder, Remedy, Rational Rose/UML, Rational Rhapsody, JIRA, BitBucket, CVS, Subversion, Mercurial, Git, GoogleTest, Jenkins, Docker, Podman, Kubernetes, Coverity, Fortify
Processes: Agile, Waterfall, SEI/CMM

Security Clearance: Secret

EXPERIENCE
Raytheon Technologies 2020-Present
Senior Software Engineer
Member of an Agile scrum team working on development and integration of a confidential project.
Technologies used: Linux, C++, Bash, Python, git/BitBucket, Docker/Podman, Kubernetes, Jenkins, GoogleTest, Coverity

LWS Research Los Angeles, CA 2019-2020
Software consultant
Helped DirecTV/AT&T move legacy Set Top Box software to Git and Nexus repositories, and set up CICD.

DirecTV/AT&T El Segundo, CA 2006-2018
Senior Principal Software Engineer
One of the lead developers on DirecTV Set Top Box team that delivered firmware (embedded Linux, Java, C,C++, bash) for all DirecTV HDDVR and Genie Set Top Boxes. Technical team lead on many STB features. Also in charge of the build system for building software images and build automation (using bash and Python) for CICD. Managed the group responsible for SCM and builds.

AMKWeb Los Angeles, CA 2001–2006
Full Stack Software Engineer
Worked on design and development of an ASP.NET (C#, ASP, JavaScript) and T-SQL (stored procedure & triggers) based software for a construction company. This software provides ability to create and track all the needed forms for construction industry, with access control and notification features.

Worked on the design and development of software and database for a call center company using ASP.NET (C#, ASP, JavaScript) and T-SQL. Added multi-threaded functionality to create daily accouting logs. This software handles several hundred thousand customers and millions of transactions.

EncrypTix Inc. El Segundo, CA 2000-2001
Software Engineer
Worked on design and development of Encryptix software that was used to deliver tickets and documents securely over networks. The software was Enterprise Java (J2EE) based using the Enterprise Java Beans, JDBC, XML and Weblogic application server on HP-UX and Windows NT platforms. Worked on development of Transaction Manager software which handled all the requests to the system via EJB Session beans and accessed the Oracle database via EJB Entity beans. Also developed scripts and make files to do automated daily builds of the software, including labeling and retrieving of files from PVCS version manager and creation of deployment packages.

Xerox Corp. El Segundo, CA 1995 -2000
Principal Systems Engineer
Worked on design and development of PrintXchange, a client/server software used to manage the printers in an enterprise environment. This multi-threaded software which used a socket based protocol for network communication was developed using object oriented design and Java, C, C++ languages on Solaris, Windows NT and Tru64 Unix platforms. Also worked on end-to-end system integration and troubleshooting of the entire system. Developed automated scripts to do system integration and measure system performance and resource utilization. Participated in customer support. Provided training to the pre-sales organization. Planned and executed delivery of patches and maintenance releases to the customers. Involved in all aspects of software development (requirements, planning, design, development, integration, maintenance and support). Managed the system engineering and integration group.

Worked on design and development of the print service software for Xerox DocuPrint and DocuTech family of printers (C language, Solaris platform).

Worked on design and development of the PostScript decomposer/imager software for Xerox printers (C language).

Designed and developed embedded Ethernet connectivity software (Assembly/C languages).

EDUCATION
MS Degree in Computer Engineering, University of Southern California
BS Degree in Electrical Engineering, University of Southern California
Contact this candidate