Sai Kumar Alamuri
Email: ad8st9@r.postjobfree.com Mobile No: +1-510-***-**** Hayward, CA LinkedIn Summary
Experienced software engineer with over 3+ years of expertise in designing, developing, implementing, and testing robust and scalable web-based applications. Proficient in SDLC, Agile, and Waterfall methodologies, with a strong focus on delivering high-performance and reliable software solutions.
Extensive experience in developing web applications using J2EE technologies, microservices architecture, and cloud computing services, including AWS. Proven ability to troubleshoot complex issues across the full stack, ensuring optimal application performance and reliability.
Designed the application using Core Java Concepts like Exceptional handling, Collections, Multithreading and OOPS concepts. Skills
Languages: Java 8/ 11/17, Kotlin, Python, JavaScript Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, XML, Angular.JS, React.JS and Node.JS Frameworks: Spring, Spring Boot, Spring Web MVC, Hibernate, Spring Rest, Spring Web Services, Spring Cloud, JUnit, Mockito, REST API
J2EE Frameworks: JDBC, JSP, JSF, Microservices, Web Services (REST), Servlets, Java Beans, JNDI, JPA Tools: GitHub, Git, Docker, Kubernetes, Jira, Junit, Mockito Databases: MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, MongoDB
Cloud Computing: AWS (Services: S3, SNS, SQS, IAM, DDB, Cloud Watch, EC2, KMS, API Gateway, Lambda, CDK),GCP Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall, SDLC, and Scrum
Others:
Work experience
Data Structures and Algorithms, Parallel Algorithms, Object Oriented Design, Database Design, Design Patterns
Oracle, USA Software Engineer Oct 2023 - Current
Spearheaded backend services by developing scalable and resilient architectures and APIs for payment processing microservices. Played a key role in designing, building, and deploying APIs, enhancing infrastructure, and accelerating development cycles.
Implemented REST Microservices and Restful APIs using Java, Spring, and Hibernate resulting in a 15% increase in user engagement and a 10% increase in revenue within the first six months. Achieving high throughput and low latency for the payment processing microservice architecture.
Utilized technologies like Kafka, Redis, Redis Queue, AWS (S3, SQS, Lambda), and databases like MySQL, and MongoDB, adhering to best practices.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to design and maintain visually appealing web interfaces using HTML, CSS, TypeScript, and Bootstrap.
Utilized Hibernate ORM for automated mapping between SQL databases and Java objects, and wrote complex SQL and PL/SQL queries for data manipulation.
Implemented REST APIs over Node.JS in JavaScript and consumed them to the front end using Angular HTTP service.
Handled operations and maintenance support for AWS cloud resources, including launching, maintaining, and troubleshooting S3 buckets, Lambda, and Step Functions.
Streamlined microservices deployment by automating the process with Jenkins, Docker, and Kubernetes CI/CD pipelines, cutting deployment time by 30%.
OneAdvanced, India Java developer Dec 2019 - Jul 2022
Contributed significantly to the Agile SDLC, involving system design, architecture, development, deployment, and testing of Spring Boot microservices with REST APIs in Java and Kotlin for financial and insurance workflows.
Built and optimized React JS screens, improving user engagement by 20% through enhanced user interface design.
Developed Terraform scripts for Kubernetes deployments and handled real-time data processing across servers using Apache Storm and Kafka.
Optimized data retrieval and storage by designing and implementing MongoDB databases for unstructured data, resulting in a 60% improvement in performance.
Optimized application performance by monitoring and analyzing application logs, resulting in a 15% increase in efficiency and a 10% reduction in response time.
Created the API from scratch using RESTful API and the backend functions of the API were developed using JAVA-based Spring Boot Framework.
Managed infrastructure provisioning and configuration using Terraform, ensuring scalability and reliability across AWS-based resources including EC2, S3, DynamoDB, Route 53, and API Gateway. Education
California State University – East Bay, Hayward, California, Aug 2022 – May 2024 master’s in computer science (CGPA 3.8/4.0)
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation, Vijayawada, India Jun 2016–May2020 Bachelor’s in Information Technology (CGPA 8.2/10)
Contact this candidate