Evan Morisato
Email: ad8u2m@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/emorisato/ GitHub: https://github.com/evanmorisato
Portfolio: https://evanmorisato.onrender.com/

Software Engineer/Full Stack Developer leveraging a background in program support, client engagement, and education in Software Engineering. Previously earned a certificate in Full Stack Web Development from the University of Texas. Recognized for attention to detail and excelling while working in high-pressure environments. Proven expertise working effectively on team projects as well as independently. Great interpersonal communication skills with a passion for complex problem-solving. A lifelong learner with an insatiable appetite for professional and organizational growth.
T ECHNICAL S KILLS
Java
SpringBoot
JavaScript
jQuery
GitHub
Handlebars
TailwindCSS
Materialize
Junit
TypeScript
MongoDB
Express
Restful API
JSX
MySQL
HTML5
Bootstrap
Mockito
React.js
Node.js
Python
GIT
Mongoose
CSS3
Material UI
Azure Dev Ops
Postman

E DUCATION
Full Stack Web Development Certificate - University of Texas 2020
A 24-week intensive boot camp program focused on gaining technical programming and market-driven skills.
Bachelor of Science in Software Engineering - University of Texas 2023
E XPERIENCE
PwC (Insight Global), Dallas, TX 3/2023 – 9/2023
Java Developer
Technologies Used: Java, React.js, Nats, Kafka, Azure DevOps, Kubernetes, Docker, IntelliJ, VsCode, Junit, MongoDB, Gradle, Springboot, Typescript, Javascript, CSS
Worked as a developer for both front end and back-end tasks.
●Codes solutions and unit test to deliver a requirement/story per the defined acceptance criteria.
●Research development strategies and study system flow, data usage, and work processes.
●Develop, integrate, test, maintain, and support high-performance, innovative software and web-based apps.

PepsiCo (Insight Global), Plano, TX 3/2022 – 1/2023
Software Engineer II
Technologies Used: Java, Azure DevOps, Kubernetes, Docker, Eclipse, VsCode, Python
Refactor existing warehouse management software into microservices.
●Analyze and troubleshoot extremely complex software problems and provide solutions.
●Modify existing software to correct errors, to adapt to new hardware, or to improve its performance.
●Develop, integrate, test, maintain, and support high-performance, innovative software and web-based apps.

AmerisourceBergen, Frisco, TX 9/2015 – 3/2022
Program Support Specialist
Develop medical applications to verify patient insurance coverage.
●Achieve 100% quality audit rate by consistently meeting quarterly goals, conducting training and development.
●Awarded Employee of the Month by completing the most cases and contributing new training material.
●Identify areas for improvement and collaborate to find solutions.

PROJECTS
Guitar Gods Full Stack Developer Deployed Link: https://ggods.herokuapp.com/
GitHub Link: https://github.com/evanmorisato/GuitarGods
An application that lists Rolling Stones Top 100 Guitarists and gives the user the ability to search and add artists.
●Role: Used jQuery AJAX method to make requests to server-side APIs. Created routes to acquire, update, add, and delete guitarists.
●Utilized: HTML, CSS, JSON, Sequelize, Handlebars, AJAX, HTTP GET requests, and Server-side APIs
Drinks On Us! Full Stack Developer Deployed Link: https://drinks-on-us.herokuapp.com/
GitHub Link: https://github.com/evanmorisato/Drinks-On-Us
An application that allows users to find cocktail recipes by name, ingredient, or category. The recipes can be saved to a personal list for later use. The application also allows users to search for local bars and much more!
●Role: Helped create the server, controllers, and models files in the server folder (Back-End). Set up the Mongo database. Created the cocktails page layout, created the functionality to save and un-save drinks, styled the page administered responsive properties.
●Utilized: React, MongoDB, Heroku, Material-UI, Server-side API, Express, NodeJS, Axios, CSS, HTTP GET, and POST requests
Contact this candidate