Ezaan Babar
Frisco, TX ● ad8wjb@r.postjobfree.com ● Mobile: 972-***-**** ● US Citizen
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science August 2020 - July 2024 University of Texas at Dallas
SKILLS
Computer Languages: C++, Java, Python, HTML/CSS, Javascript, SQL Tools: Node.js, Spring Boot, Flask, React Native, React.js, MongoDB, Power BI, React.js, AWS S3, AWS Cloudfront, Git, Jira, Confluence, Figma, Framer, Adobe Photoshop, Eclipse, VS Code Other: Agile, Full Stack Development, UI/UX Design, Web Development, Mobile App Development, Leadership, Teamwork Languages: English, Urdu, Hindi
WORK EXPERIENCE
Software Developer Intern September 2023 - May 2024 Snappr Media LLC
● Spearheaded the design and implementation of flagship mobile application using Agile Methodologies
● Utilized React Native, JavaScript, and Figma to design and implement the application's frontend.
● Introduced actionable business recommendations to successfully drive profit growth by 30%.
● Contributed to strategic planning, including a comprehensive 5-year business evaluation plan. Freelance Software Engineer August 2023 - Current
Self Employed
● Successfully designed and developed web pages for clients across the DFW area
● Deployed secured web pages with the use of AWS S3 and Amazon CloudFront for HTTPS
● Efficiently crafted websites using HTML, CSS, and Javascript.
● Assisted businesses in social media marketing strategies, resulting in enhanced online visibility.
● Implemented API’s for web page functionality.
● Utilized Figma and Framer software for website design and prototyping PROJECTS
Analytics for Aziza Investments June 2024 - August 2024
● Analyzed convenience store sales data to identify top-performing products and peak sales periods, which resulted in optimized product placements and promotions.
● Utilized Python and SQL to retrieve, store and analyze data.
● Utilized Power BI to create interactive dashboards, which improved the store’s ability to make data-driven decisions, and resulted in improved product selection. Mobile Application for Snappr Media LLC September 2023 - May 2024
● Designed and developed an efficient mobile application with technologies such as React Native and Figma.
● Successfully collaborated with a team of software engineers in the development process, following Agile methodology to ensure efficient and iterative progress.
● Contributed to design of the UI and UX in alignment with modern UI principles.
● Implemented React Native to ensure cross-platform compatibility on iOS and Android platforms. Intrusion Detection System January 2024 - April 2024
● Developed web tool for UT Dallas IDS researchers to run, save, and view runs of IDS machine-learning algorithms.
● Collaborated with a team of engineers using Git, JIRA, and Confluence, demonstrating an understanding of the SDLC process.
● Utilized Python in conjunction with Flask to build a scalable and efficient backend system
● Successfully designed, queried, and managed a MongoDB database to ensure data integrity and optimize retrieval and storage processes.
Portfolio Webpage July 2023 - December 2023
● Created a professional portfolio webpage to showcase freelance software work, skills, and experiences, utilizing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for a responsive and visually appealing design.
● https://ezaanbabar.github.io/Portfolio-Webpage/
Contact this candidate