Gary Pranger, CPM
IT Professional
859-***-****
ad8xsq@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary

I am a highly experienced software professional using a variety of technologies. My career emphasizes hands-on software development and support. Environments include IBM mainframe using Assembler, COBOL, JCL, CICS, and associated utilities and file structures. I have additional expertise with other industry-standard computer technologies including business intelligence development using Information Builders WebFOCUS.

Extensive system support and problem-solving capabilities.
Very knowledgeable and experienced with IBM mainframe technologies.
Skilled in supplying technical expertise and support for the software development life cycle.
Knowledgeable in planning for sizing of proposed application environments, writing technical specifications and coordinating between developers and users to understand and solve technical problems.
Always striving to be a trusted advisor

Professional Experience

CINCOM Systems – Cincinnati, OH Aug 2019 – July 2024
Technial Support Engineer
Served as a customer support engineer for the SUPRA database.
Answeriing customer questions concerning the configuration and use of SUPRA database.
Supplying technical solutions such as, license keys, ease-of-use suggestions, and other recommendations.
Helping customers solve database problems from minor to ‘system down’ situations on a 24-hour basis.
Working with the other team members to ensure customer success.
SUPRA is written in IBM Assembler language incuding both batch and online (CICS) components.

Worldpay – Cincinnati, OH Mar 2018 – Mar 2019
Sr. Data Informatics Analyst
Served as a data analyst and WebFOCUS developer.
Analyzing and reviewing the WebFOCUS infrastructure.
Working with team members to meet development goals.
Working to ensure data quality and consistency.
Helping to develop a program to enable users to help themselves.

Original Mattress Factory – Cincinnati, OH Mar 2017 –Mar 2018
Sales Associate
Served as a sales associate for a premier mattress manufacturer and retailer.
Showing product advantages to customers resulting in a sale.
Following up with customer calls for service and information.
Recording all sales transactions for all stores.
Balancing store financials for the day
Promoted to manager of Cold Spring, KY store

IBM – Cincinnati, OH Mar 2014 – Apr 2016
Big Data Technical Specialist
Served as a technical source for entire Information Management portfolio for Big Data and data management, governance, advanced data warehousing and predictive analytics. Partnered with Sales Representatives in building technical relationships with accounts.
Completed pre-sales support including presentations, demos, proof of technology, and proof of concept.
Aided with response to requests for proposal (RFP) supporting prospective sales.
Planned application sizing requirements to meet customer expectations.
Supplied technical expertise for cloud based data services.
Planned and delivered customer events.

TOOGOOD TECHNOLOGY - (Assignments: Learning Circle 2013-2014, Paycor 2013) Mar 2013 – Jan 2014
Owner - WebFOCUS / SQL Server Consultant
Supplied WebFOCUS expertise, mentoring, and training. Completed upgrade of numerous environments to the current release. Documented and upgraded all environments.
Identified and solved issues with report code generation and report development.
Used configuration options to increase reliability and ease of use.

PARTNER INTELLIGENCE, INC., Cincinnati, OH May 2011 – Dec 2012
Business Intelligence Consultant
Delivered Business Intelligence reporting and support using Information Builder’s WebFOCUS.
Provided WebFOCUS technical support as a Unix and Windows system administrator
Developed training materials, provided training delivery and client mentoring for WebFOCUS InfoAssist.
Provided WebFOCUS troubleshooting, coding, and problem resolution for FOCUS to WebFOCUS project.

SELF EMPLOYED, Freelance
Feb 2009 – Apr 2011
WebFOCUS / SQL Server Consultant

INFORMATION BUILDERS, Cincinnati, OH Aug 1997 – Jan 2009
Systems Engineer, Senior Systems Engineer (Pre Sales / Post Sales)
Performed pre-sales demos and post-sales installation, configuration, and implementation. Delivered seminars, workshops, proofs of concept, user group presentations and classroom training at customer sites and in office.
Installed/configured/performed standard and custom solutions, application migration, initial product support (telephone and remote), customer orientation and training for 100+ clients.
Managed / mentored customer accounts ‘after the sale’.
Served as sole resource for mainframe technologies in the office. Acknowledged as an expert in WebFOCUS, Developer’s Studio, EDA/iWay, FOCUS and related technologies.
Delivered applications in UNIX, LINUX, iSeries, Web/app servers, OS/390, and z/OS.

CINCOM SYSTEMS, Cincinnati, OH Mar 1993 – Aug 1997
Consultant, Senior Software Engineer
Converted VSE Assembler and COBOL applications to MVS. Built custom solutions per client specification for ATG (Advanced Technology Group).
Delivered ‘Field Developed Product’, MANTIS Change Control, for sale and implementation.
Assigned to MANTIS team to develop gOOi product which delivers MANTIS applications over the Web.
Implemented ‘gOOi’ product’s testing, debugging, documentation, and training.
Facilitated DOCVIEW product development in conjunction with DOLBEY Systems.
Helped maintain, develop and advise customers regarding their IBM Mainframe applications using both Assembler and COBOL.

WESTERN & SOUTHERN LIFE INSURANCE, Cincinnati, OH Jan 1991 - Mar 1993
Senior Programmer/Analyst
Served as an embedded senior programmer in accounting systems department. Provided 24 hour support.
Maintained and developed batch and online software in an MVS environment using COBOL II, EasyTrieve, FileAid, CICS, MVS Utilities, Abend-aid, Intertest, GENER/OL, and JCL.
Developed and implemented an in-house training course in the use of GENER/OL.

UNIVERSAL INFORMATION SERVICES (UNIVIS), Cincinnati, OH Jul 1987 - Dec 1990
Senior Programmer / Analyst
Maintained and developed batch and online software in an IBM VSE environment using Assembler, COBOL, CICS, and MANTIS. Coordinated development and support activities for data centers in Montreal, Quebec and Toronto, Ontario. Served on call 24 hours for system support.
Serviced and supported international paper merchant and computer supply divisions of ABITIBI-PRICE.
Organized the Cincinnati area MANTIS users' group and served as its director for 1 year.

SQUARE D COMPANY, Florence, KY Oct 1980 – Jun 1987
Programmer, Senior Programmer / Analyst, Supervisor
Maintained and developed both batch and online applications in an IBM MVS & MVS/XA environment using Assembler, CICS, SAS, COBOL, ISPF, and ROSCOE. Provided 24 hour systems support.
Reassigned to support the development of an in-house Human Resource System. Assumed responsibility for converting the entire corporation to use the in-house HR/Payroll system.
Performed all supervisory duties for the HR development team.
Managed an in-house user group determining software enhancements and their implementation.
Ensured that all legal requirements were met for state, federal, and local governments regarding HR and payroll matters.
Managed project to convert HR system to use IDMS/R database, including database design as well as oversight of the conversion / implementation effort.

R.L. POLK & CO., Cincinnati, OH Mar 1977 – Oct 1980
Production Control Management Trainee, Junior Programmer, Senior Programmer
Maintained batch Assembler applications in an IBM OS/VS and MVS environment. Produced automotive recall mailings as required by the Federal government.
Ensured the accuracy of the automotive coder program which formed the basis of the entire automotive recall mailing list.

Education

B.A. English
THOMAS MORE COLLEGE, Crestview Hills, KY
Covington Latin School – High School

Professional Development

CPM – Certified Project Manager
XAVIER UNIVERSITY, Cincinnati, OH
Microsoft Certification Classwork: 10774A Querying SQL server • 10775A Administering Sql Server 2012
10776A Developing Sql Server 2012 Databases
Excel 2007 Basics
NEW HORIZONS, Cincinnati, OH
Contact this candidate