ad8zld@r.postjobfree.com
+91-911*******
Bangalore, Karnataka
Md Shahnawaz Alam
S E N I O R S O F T W A R E E N G I N E E R
P R O F I L E
Over all 6 years of IT experience, having 5 years of experience in relevant experience in domain of API Management and Integration using tools like Kong and MuleSoft.
E X P E R I E N C E
Novigo Solutions
Senior Software Engineer
2022-2024
Successfully utilized Kong Gateway as the platform of choice in a banking project, demonstrating expertise in API management and security.
Earned the Kong Gateway Certified Associate (KGCA), demonstrating proficiency in Kong Gateway fundamentals and best practices.
Worked closely with Technical Architect for demonstrating Kong Capabilities and creating Technical Solutions for clients. Deployed Kong on Kubernetes in both hybrid and traditional setups, showing proficiency in container orchestration and deployment strategies.
Deployed Kong on Docker Compose and Linux.
Worked extensively with Kong Konnect, deploying data planes on Docker, RHEL Linux and Kubernetes, emphasizing versatility across deployment environments.
Implemented robust security measures including Mutual TLS
(MTLS), message-level encryption, OAuth 2.0, and JWT, ensuring data integrity and confidentiality.
Developed custom Lua plugins for Kong to integrate with third- party databases, enabling advanced data operations such as filtration, pagination, limitation, offset, and grouping. Proficient in cloud platforms like GCP, AWS, and Azure, enabling seamless deployment and management of Kong Gateway across diverse cloud environments.
Integrated Kong Gateway with AWS Secret Manager, enhancing security and access control for sensitive credentials and configurations.
Implemented and configured various analytics and monitoring plugins for Kong Gateway, including Datadog, Splunk, Zipkin, Prometheus, Grafana, and AppDynamics, ensuring
comprehensive visibility and performance monitoring. Integrated CI/CD pipelines with Kong Gateway using Jenkins, GitLab, and GitHub Actions, enabling automated deployment processes and ensuring consistent delivery of API configurations. Worked on Kong Platform Security by Integrating with Okta. Worked on Developer Portal Personalization.
Kong integration with various third-party tools, like Web Application Firewall, API Monetization, Analytics, etc. Bachelor of Engineering in Computer
Science
Kong API Gateway
Kong Konnect
Google Cloud Platform
Amazon Web Services
REST
Docker
Kubernetes
APIOps
Microsoft Azure
OpenAPI
Lua
Moesif
Prometheus and Grafana
Sun Icon System Pvt Ltd 2018-2022
Senior System Engineer
Experience using Mule ESB with core banking domain Used multiple mule components such as APIkit Console, Expression, Flow reference, logger, transform message, exception handling. MuleSoft Rest API creation and deployment in CloudHub Push the code in GitHub through GIT desktop tool
API development for integration platform such as i- series/mainframe using JMS MQs
Development of API on PCF using GitHub and Jenkins Unit testing of code
Involved in RAML, Java model, Schema generation
Handling payload such as XML, JSON formats
Development working on POCs to make application in much effective way
Created Mule Flows using End Point Connectors & Components using Mule ESB to integrate client/server systems. Implemented integration flows using Mule Anypoint Studio to connect to REST, SOAP service, Oracle Database
Developed and managed external properties file.
Developed API Kit using RAML files for purchase Orders, payment, and actuals resources with POST operations.
Developing flows / orchestrations for integrating the components written on top of different internal platforms using Mule ESB and ActiveMQ.
Involved in applying security policies to APIs.
Experience in integrating different systems that includes Data Base, JMS. Involved in Transformations using Data Weave to transform data from one format to another format using Mule ESB. Worked with Mulesoft Anypoint API Platform on designing the RAML for implementing REST API's.
Involved in applying Test Driven Approach using MUnit. Worked in application support team for internal applications for order management.
Order data management in Oracle Database
Identifying and logging bugs for the same in Jira, incident management with HPE Service Manager
Incident management with HPE Service Manager
Have comprehensive work experience in production jobs creation in SAP ERP and TWS tool.
Incident management in ServiceNow Tool
Monitoring production jobs and proactively reporting failed/stuck jobs to concerned team.
Kong Gateway Certified Associate
Certified MuleSoft Developer- Level 1
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
AWS Certified Solutions Architect -
Microsoft Certified Azure Fundamentals
Contact this candidate