Nguyen Huy Hoang
Fullstack Developer
BRIEF SUMMARY
I am a fullstack developer, who worked with lots of technologies. See below for more information.
091*******
ad9awj@r.postjobfree.com
https://github.com/alitonia
https://www.linkedin.com/in/hoang-nguyen-
6359b6196/
INTRODUCTION
With four years of experience as a full-stack developer, I have a strong track record in the e-commerce sector, having worked on both in-house product development and outsourced projects. This experience has instilled in me a flexibility and adaptability that allows me to quickly learn and integrate new technologies. My passion lies in crafting impactful products that deliver value to users, driven by a commitment to building successful and user-centric solutions. WORK EXPERIENCE
Tapita
Oct 2020 - Jun 2024
FULLSTACK DEVELOPER
As a fullstack developer, I am responsible for:
+ Building and maintaining user interfaces of our products with modern JavaScript frameworks, ensuring responsive design and optimal performance across various devices.
+ Develop and maintain robust back-end systems, participate in deploying and maintaining applications on cloud platforms.
+ Work closely with internal teams and customers to understand user needs, gather requirements, and translate them into functional feature.
+ Stay updated on the latest technologies and industry trends, actively contribute to code reviews, and participate in knowledge sharing within the team.
+ Contribute to the full software development lifecycle, from initial requirements gathering and design to implementation, testing, and deployment of out-sourcing projects. Simicart
Aug 2020 - Oct 2020
INTERN SOFTWARE DEVELOPER
During my internship, my responsibilities are:
+ Develop and maintain custom Magento 2 extensions to enhance the functionality and features of our clients' online stores.
+ Develop, and maintain React Native applications for both iOS and Android platforms, ensuring optimal performance, user experience, and adherence to best practices.
+ Work with PHP and the Magento 2 API to implement backend logic, manage data, and integrate with third-party systems.
PROJECTS
Website Optimization
Mar 2024 - July 2024
Name of customer
Supersports Vietnam
POSITION: TEAM LEADER
• Led the implementation of a comprehensive performance testing strategy, utilizing tools like WebPageTest and GTmetrix to benchmark website performance across various devices and locations .
Team size 4 • Analyzed performance data to identify key bottlenecks and areas for improvement, prioritizing optimizations based on their potential impact on user experience and business goals.
• Developed and maintained performance dashboards to track progress and communicate key metrics to stakeholders, demonstrating a data-driven approach to optimization. TECHNOLOGY
HTML, CSS, Javascript, Liquid, Python, Flask.
SEO Optimization App
Dec 2023 - Present
Customer Tapita
Team size 7
POSITION: FULLSTACK DEVELOPER
• Collaborated with product managers and stakeholders to gather and clarify requirements for the SEO and speed optimization app, ensuring a deep understanding of user needs and business objectives.
• Developed and maintained the core backend infrastructure for the SEO and speed optimization app, utilizing Shopify-compatible technologies to ensure scalability, reliability, and efficient data processing.
• Implemented interactive visualizations and dashboards to present SEO and performance data in a clear and actionable manner, empowering users to understand and improve their website's ranking and speed.
TECHNOLOGY
Frontend: HTML, CSS, Javascript, React, SASS, RemixJS, Liquid. Backend: Nodejs, MongoDB, GraphQL, Google Search Console API, OpenAI Api. Others: Puppeteer, Git, Nginx, Zoho.
Headless pagebuilder App
Dec 2021 - Now
Customer Tapita
Team size 8
POSITION FULLSTACK DEVELOPER
• Built reusable UI components and templates ensuring consistent design and functionality across all platforms. Integrated with various third-party APIs and services to enhance functionality and user experience.
• Developed a robust and secure backend API to efficiently handle content storage, retrieval, real-time updates, and user authenticatio
• Proactively identified and resolved technical challenges, implementing best practices for code quality, security, and maintainability.
TECHNOLOGY
Frontend: HTML, CSS, Javascript, React, NextJS, React Native, SASS, VueJS, NuxtJS. Backend: Nodejs, Express, PHP, Magento, Zend, MySQL, Redis, ElasticSearch. Other: Git, Github Actions, Jest, Enzyme, Cypress, AWS, Cloudflare, Docker, Webpack, Rollup. Shopify Hydrogen app
Aug 2021 - Dec 2023
Customer Tapita
Team size 4
POSITION FULLSTACK DEVELOPER
• Developed custom backend logic and APIs using Node.js and Express, extending Hydrogen's capabilities to meet unique business requirements and deliver innovative features, such as personalized recommendations and dynamic content.
• Prioritized performance and scalability, implementing advanced caching strategies, code splitting, and server-side rendering techniques to ensure a lightning-fast and reliable user experience, even under high traffic loads.
TECHNOLOGY
Frontend: HTML, CSS, Javascript, React, SASS, Hydrogen. Backend: Nodejs, GraphqQL.
Other: Git, Cypress, Webpack.
Ecommerce Mobile App
May 2021 - Oct 2022
Customer Tapita
Team size 4
POSITION MOBILE APP DEVELOPER
• Built and maintained high-performance, cross-platform mobile applications using React Native, providing a consistent and engaging user experience across both iOS and Android.
• Collaborated with designers, product managers, and fellow developers to translate user needs into innovative and user-centric mobile solutions. TECHNOLOGY
Frontend: React Native.
Backend: PHP, Magento, Graphql.
Other: Git, Firebase.
EDUCATION
Aug 2018 - Aug 2022
SOFTWARE ENGINEERING
Hanoi University of Science and Technology
CPA: 3.12
CERTIFICATION
TOEIC: 955
IELTS: 7.5
SKILLS
Frontend
HTML, CSS, Liquid, Javascript, React, Vue, Next, Nuxt, React Native
Backend
Nodejs, PHP, Magento, Python, Flask, Java Spring
Other
Git, Github Actions, Nginx, Apache, AWS, Docker, Kubernetes SOFT SKILL
• Experience working within an agile environment, contributing actively to team success and meeting project deadlines.
• Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a proven ability to identify and resolve technical challenges efficiently.
• Highly adaptable and quick learner, with a strong desire to stay updated on the latest technologies and trends. ACTIVITIES
Mar 2021 - Present
FREELANCE
IT Tutor
Teach others about IT profession, mainly with Java Spring and PHP.
© topcv.vn
Contact this candidate