Sequoia Kanies Ringgold, GA
(***) *** - ****
ad9amz@r.postjobfree.com
sequoiakanies.com
EXPERIENCE
La Alteña Mexican Restaurant, Chattanooga TN —
Software Engineer and CEO of Sequoia Kanies LLC
MARCH 2024 - CURRENT
Lead solo software engineer, worked as a designer in charge of developing and maintaining all aspects of the company website. Built using Netlify, Typescript, React JSX/TSX, CSS, HTML. Beautiful art and clean, user friendly representation create an inviting restaurant website, bringing in more customers and allowing for small business growth. CyberMonk, Remote — Software Engineer
OCTOBER 2023 - FEBRUARY 2024
Developed the front end of a Progressive Web App, prototyped in Vanilla JS, React, Google Material Design, Cordova and Capacitor to optimize cross-platform functionality and facilitate IOS and Android native app development. Finalized deployment from prototyping by utilizing React and Capacitor, allowing the team to build native apps via Xcode and Android Studio. Live on the IOS and Android App store! Link at sequoiakanies.com Sims CWW, Trenton GA — Lead Builder/IT
OCTOBER 2022 - DECEMBER 2023
Served as company manager and lead builder, overseeing physical construction projects. Additionally, designed and deployed the company website using Google Sites. Provided training to company owners on managing website content and performing updates and debugging. My efficient and high quality work helped Austin and Sandy turn their best profits since they took over the company.
PodWheels, Chattanooga TN — Full Stack Software Engineer JANUARY 2022 - SEPTEMBER 2022
Developed and debugged full-stack features for a large-scale podcasting company based in Chattanooga, using React, JSX, Postgres stack. Managed project assets, contributed to strategic planning and implementation, and utilized version control to enhance development practices. Successfully fixed many bugs and added features, which helped the site be user friendly, increasing customer satisfaction and retention. HiddenCharmSoaps, Remote — Founder/CEO/Wix Developer 2021
Co-founded a local soap-making business with my wife, initially selling products at NorthGate Mall and successfully transitioning to exclusive online sales. Personally designed and built the business website using Wix. Responsible for art and photography alongside my co-owner, Viktoriya Kanies. Successfully sold many soaps to satisfied customers! EDUCATION
University of Tennessee,
Chattanooga
Bachelor's
Computer Science
Software Systems
Minor
Business Administration
SKILLS
Java, JavaScript, Typescript, React, JSX, TSX,
CSS, HTML, Angular, AI, Machine Learning,
AWS, Netlify, Github, Bitbucket, Wordpress, Wix,
Capacitor, Cordova, Google Sites,Google Material
Design, Scrum/Agile, Asset Management,
Strategic Planning and Training, Business &
Technical Consulting, Graphic Design
PROJECTS
Predictive Stock Analyzer
(Python & C#)
Develops predictive graphs for stock
data using real-time information
sourced from Yahoo Finance.
AngularOpenWeather
(Angular, TS, HTML, CSS)
Accesses live data using Open Weather
API and allows users to search for a
location
Contact this candidate