Manas Kumar Sahoo
Phone#: 408-***-****
Email ID: ad9aih@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: http://linkedin.com/in/sahoomanaskumar

SUMMARY:

Senior Software Engineer having 16 years of experience in full project development Lifecycle. Primary areas of technical expertise include Java 17, Angular JS, bootstrap,JQuery, Struts, Shell Script, Spring Boot 3.3.4,swagger, Graph QL, Jenkins, Web Service (REST, SOAP), JAX-RS, JAX-WS, JMX, JAXB, Hibernate, Struts, ORACLE, MySql, SQL Server, EJB, JMS, JSON, JSP, Servlet, Weblogic, DHTML, AJAX, XML/XSLT, Junit, Test NG,AWS, node.js, PowerMock,GitHib, Atlassian BitBucket,Jira, Rest Assured API, Cypress,Mockito, Karate, Cucumber, MongoDB, Protractor, UML and Microsoft Visio, AWS Dynamo DB, AWS Lambda, AWS Toolkit, AWS SDK, SQS,SNS, Apache Kafka, Snaplogic, Power Bi, Dynamics D365 CRM, .Net Development Framework, c#,Adobe Experience Platform, Databricks,

Languages
Java, C, C++, C#
Internet Applications
J2EE, Angular JS, JSP, Servlets, Web service, XML/XSLT, JMS, Spring Boot
Web/Application Server
WebLogic 8.x/9.x/10.x, Apache Server, Tomcat, JBoss
IDE
Net beans 6.8, Eclipse, STS
Methodologies
OOPS, OOD /OOA, SAD (Structured Analysis & Design)
O-R Mapping tool
Hibernate, Spring JDBC
Scripting Languages
JavaScript, AJAX, Shell Scripting, JQuery, AJAX, Angular 2.0
Markup Languages
HTML, DHTML, XML.
Data Base Applications
ORACLE, SQL Server, MongoDB
Operating Systems
Linux, UNIX, HP-UX 11.x, Sun Solaris 2.6.
Version Control Tools
GIT, CVS, SVN
Protocols
TCP/IP, HTTP, SOAP/WSDL, FTP, SMTP
Testing Tool
TestNG, Protractor, jasmine, Junit
Logging Tool
LOG4J
Experience:

08/2021 – present Java Fullstack Integration Developer, Adobe, San Jose CA.
Environment: AWS, Azure, Java 17, J2EE, REST, SOAP, Spring Boot 3.3.4, swagger,Web Service, Eclipse, IntelliJ, Github Co pilot, Snaplogic, Adobe Experience Platform, Kafka Message Integration, Jenkins CI/CD, PowerMock,Atlassian BitBucket,Jira, Dynamics D365 CRM, .Net Development Framework 3.7.1, SQL, Javascript, Power BI, Databricks.
•Coding, Design and Architecture of business applications and system integrations using AWS SDK, Lambda function, Microservice. Developed java code using AWS SQS, SNS services.
•Worked on Marketo Integration with Adobe Experience Platform.
•Worked on integration with Power Bi and Dynamics D365 CRM Sales Lead Management.
•Work closely with the product team in understanding the new requirements, planning the execution, and delivering on the requirements.
•Design & develop new pipelines to ingest and transform data from Kafka Stream, Sql Server, Marketo, Salesforce
•Lead, mentor and train team members on an ongoing basis.
•Building a CI/CD pipeline for Spring Boot Microservices with Jenkins and AWS
•Wrote various shell scripts to automate Build and Release process
•Designed and implemented CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins for automated build, test, and deployment of Java microservices.

01/2020 – 07/2021 AWS Java Lead Developer, Intuit, Mountain View CA.

Environment: AWS S3, AWS DynamoDB, SQS, SNS, Lambda, AWS SDK, Aws Toolkit, Java, node.js, J2EE, REST, SOAP, Spring Boot, swagger, Web Service, Graph QL, Eclipse, IntelliJ, PowerMock,Spring tool Suite, Mac, Spring Data JPA

,React, Nodejs, Jenkins CI/CD,Github, Kubernetes, Docker, Junit, Mockito, Karate, Cucumber, Kafka Message Integration.
•Coding, Design and Architecture of business applications and system integrations using AWS SDK, Lambda function, Microservice.
•Building a CI/CD pipeline for Spring Boot Microservices with Jenkins and AWS
•Wrote various shell scripts to automate Build and Release process
•Developed a robust API using ExpressJS for seamless integration.
•Implemented fixes and features in analytics applications using React, Redux and ES6 leading to increase user satisfaction.
•Designed and implemented CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins for automated build, test, and deployment of Java microservices on AWS infrastructure.
•Developed shell scripts for automating routine tasks such as server provisioning, deployment, and configuration management, reducing deployment time by 40%.
•Managed AWS resources including EC2 instances, S3 buckets, IAM roles, and Lambda functions to support scalable and reliable microservice architecture.
•Implemented monitoring and alerting using CloudWatch and integrated with Slack for real-time notifications, improving system reliability and uptime.
•Collaborated with cross-functional teams including developers and QA to streamline development processes and ensure high-quality software releases.
•Conducted regular code reviews and mentored junior team members on best practices for Jenkins, shell scripting, and AWS.
•Worked on Workday Integration with AWS.
•Deploying services in Intuit Kubernetes Service using Spring Boot.
•Develop data modelling using noSQL data stores in AWS DyamoDB.
•Developed java code using AWS SQS, SNS services.
•Publish the message to Kafka Intuit Bus.
•Writing functional, technical design specifications and user manual.
•Display proficiency with the modules and tools used for the Workday Integration Project such as AWS SDK, Spring Boot, MicroService, Web Services.
•Developed Serverless Application Module using AWS Lambda function.

01/2019 -12/2019 Full Stack Developer, FormFactor Inc.Livermore CA.
Environment: Java, J2EE, REST, SOAP, Spring Boot, Hibernate, Spring, Spring JDBC, Angular 6, bootstrap, Atlassian BitBucket,AJAX, Angular Material, JQuery,SOA, PowerMock,Jenkins CI/CD, Cypress, Web Service, MySql, Oracle, Visual Studio, Spring tool Suite, Sun OS 5.1

•Coding, Design and Architecture of business applications and system integrations using HTML5/Angular 6 and above/JavaScript/JAVA/SQL.
•Analysis, design, coding, debugging, testing and implementation involved with the system development life cycle.
•Use experience and knowhow of MVC and Service Oriented Architectures to build web-based distributed Client-Server systems
•Develop queries and procedures on Oracle database.
•Writing functional, technical design specifications and user manual.
•Display proficiency with the modules and tools used for the ERP / MES Integration Project such as Java Spring/Hibernate, Angular 6/AJAX, Web Services.
•Developed DAOs Data Access Objects and performed O/R mapping using Hibernate to access the data-base.
•Developed Web Application using Spring Boot for Rest services.
•Building a CI/CD pipeline for Spring Boot Microservices with Jenkins.

02/2018 -12/2018 Lead Software Engineer, Hitachi High Technologies America, Pleasanton CA.

Environment: Java, J2EE, JAX-WS, JMS, Apache ActiveMQ, Apache JackRabbit, Quartz Scheduler, JBoss, JSP, Servlets, Ext-JS, CPP, Ruby, Postgresql, Jenkins CI/CD,Apache Ant, Linux, JUnit, Cobertura, Selenium, Visual Paradigm, MantisHub, Eclipse, VMWare Workstation.
Develop proof of concepts.
Analyzing requirements and creating technical specifications and design documents.
Involving in architectural design and technical discussions to enhance different modules.
Analysis of existing code and make sure the new implementations do not affect any of the existing modules.
Write well documented and quality code using Java, Rubyand other Java based technologies.
Analyze and tune the performance of applications using Java VisualVM.
Participating in design, code and test reviews.
Coordinate activities among team members in order to meet project milestones.
Performing functional and developer testing.

09/2016 -02/2018 Software Engineer, Matson Navigation System, Oakland, CA.

Environment: Java 8, HTML, Tomcat, SQL Server, Oracle, Spring MVC, Spring batch scheduler, iText, POI, SOAP, Java Multithreading, AWS, Jenkins CI/CD
Involved since inception in development of platform as Enterprise MicroServices using Spring boot, Spring MVC, Maven, Hibernate and ORM.
Wrote several RestFul Web services such as Get/Put/Post/Patch using backend Java Spring with Jersey
Responsible for the design, analysis, development and maintenance of the Application using Spring MVC 4, Spring DI, Spring AOP, Spring Data, Spring Boot, Hibernate, JPA and JAVA.
Used standard software engineering design patterns and REST to achieve an efficient communication between applications.
Design and code backend webservices for web applications with HTML5, CSS3, JQuery and JavaScript as frontend technologies and also for consumption for other process
Used J2EE design patterns like MVC, Singleton, Factory, and DAO.
Developed DAOs Data Access Objects and performed O/R mapping using Hibernate to access the data-base.
Implemented Spring MVC, IOC, Spring Boot, Transactions, Spring JDBC template, JSON features.
Implemented Java Multithreading for FTP operation.
Responsible for the design, analysis, development and maintenance of the Application using Spring MVC 4, Spring DI, Spring AOP, Spring Batch, Spring Integration, Hibernate, JPA and JAVA.
Deploying Java Components into AWS Could.
Integrate and deploy spring components as micro service in cloud.
Develop web-Application which requests to microservice using a RESTful API.
Interacted with clients for requirement gathering, analysis, and solutions.
Integrating, building and delivering end to end solution.
Resolved application issues escalated from end users.
Building a CI/CD pipeline for Spring Boot Microservices with Jenkins.

02/2016 -08/2016 Lead Software Engineer, Cisco Systems, San Jose, CA.
Environment: Java 1.8, Workflow Orchestration framework, Adobe Flex API, HTML, Tomcat, SQL Server, Spring Boot, angular js, Spring Micro Services, JAX-RS, JAX-WS, JMX, JAXB.
Developed the application using spring framework that leverages model view layer architecture, also configured Dependency Injection.
Used Hibernate ORM tools which automate the mapping between SQL databases and objects in Java.
Implemented J2EE Design Patterns like Factory, Service Locator, Singleton and DAO.
Worked on the consumption side of SOAP based Web services using AXIS 2.x, SOAP UI, JAXB.
Developed User Interface using JSP, CSS and HTML.
Implemented the system service like logging, Transaction Management, exception handling using EJB.
Written unit tests using JUnit, handled logging requirements using Log4j.
Perform responsibilities of designing, installing, coding, configuring, developing, testing, debugging, and documenting application programs by following program specifications
Interacted with clients for requirement gathering, analysis, and solutions.
Integrating, building and delivering backend rest based web service solutions.
Performance & memory analysis, JVM tuning, optimization strategies for Back End components and caching.
Worked on Cisco Single and Multi-Node Server, Bare Metal Agent, Power Shell Agent, Frame Containers and APIC Containers on Hyper-V and VMWare, VMware ESXi Server and Managing VCenter.

09/2015 -01/2016 Software Engineer, General Electric, San Ramon, CA.
Environment: Spring Boot, Angular JS, JQuery, JUnit, TestNG, Rest Assured API, Protractor, GIT, HTML5, Agile Methodology, Oracle, MongoDB, node.js, Spring Micro Services.

Participate in testing external (REST) web services using test NG Framework.
Automation of web services testing using REST assured API.
Design and development of health check report using Rest Assured APIin order to monitor external web services.
Design and development of media component using Spring REST web service and JSON data
Design and development of Media page using Spring MVC with REST service.
Developing a particular Job using Spring Boot to introduce new searchable Auto tag for media files in the application.
Lucene index built and maintaining of data.
Design and development of UI pages using Angular JS, JQuery, HTML5, node .js, CSS compiler or transpilers (Less), gulp for building assets
Using Protractor and Jasmine framework to write automation script for the pages
Build and deploy the application in various environments.
Compliance towards Agile Ceremonies, timely reporting on tasks, providing estimations and participation in demos.
Follow version control using GIT and change management processes to support internal and external audit requirements

02/2013 -08/2015 Technical Lead, Cisco Systems, San Jose, CA, Accenture.
02/2007 -01/2013 Technical Lead, Cisco Systems, San Jose, CA, Tech Mahindra.

Environment: Oracle 10g, PL/SQL, Struts, Eclipse, Toad, Kintana, PVCS, Spring Boot, Spring Restful Web Service,
Angular JS, JQuery, Agile Methodology, Splunk, Tomcat, API Tools, Hibernate
Participate in business requirements analysis sessions
Identify and document functional and derived requirements and map them to customer requirements
Identify and document system requirements taking into account functional requirements as well as performance, functionality, and supportability, etc.
Complete functional and technical design deliverables
Complete code builds and unit test to validate design including documentation deliverables
Designed and developed components under J2EE architecture using Spring, Struts.
Developed front-end screens using Angular JS, JQuery, CSS, JSP, Custom tags, JavaScript and Tag Libraries
Design and develop of service component using Spring REST web service and JSON data.
Lucene Index creation and maintaining of Data
Identify changes, analyze the impact of change and provide detailed assessments
Follow version control and change management processes to support internal and external audit requirements.
Work with Splunk to debug log messages.
Supported quarterly normalization for each release.
Work with the Production Operations team to optimize ongoing performance
Coordinated with the offshore support team in resolving critical issues

08/2005 -01/2007 Sr Senior Software Engineer, McMillan Publisher, USA, HCL Technologies.
Environment: Windows, Eclipse, Struts, Velocity, HTML, XML, SQL, JavaScript, CSS, JSP, Servlets, JBoss.
Designed and developed components under J2EE architecture using Struts framework.
Developed front-end screens using JSP, velocity, JavaScript.
Involved in detailed business analysis, flowcharts, prepare technical specifications, development, Unit testing to the delivery of Batch Reports module.
Prepared the Technical design document for the project.
Integration testing in coordination with system testing team.
Handling the BackEnd Transaction management.
Analysis of change requests and test related activities.
Deployment of application for the users

02/2004 -07/2005 Senior Software Engineer, Wolters Kluwer, USA, HCL Technologies.
Environment: Windows XP, Eclipse, Weblogic 8.1 SP2, SQL Server, EJB, Verity, XML, J2EE

Reversed engineered legacy modules and created UML diagrams. Used those UML class diagrams and sequence diagrams while developing design documents for the new system.
Developed utility classes in Java to know detailed information about the calls made to Stored Procedures.
Developed technical documentation describing the steps for deploying and testing the product in the intranet.
Designed and developed the request and response data to and from the database.
Designing and Implementing search using Verity K2 search.
Involved in content management services, which involved the creation of collections, knowledge tree and document indexing.
Verification and testing of indexed content using utilities like RCK2, MKVDK, ADMIN, DUMP, and BROWSE for ATLAS search functionality, which uses.
Used various command line tools for collection creation, indexation, and verification of data on Verity K2 search engine.
Integration of ATLAS search module with verity APIs like VSEARCH.
Analysis of OPM Framework which is on EJB and prepares a strategy to change the persistence layer.
Supporting the teams developing portals with the CDP framework.
Preparation of LLD by doing a reverse engineering exercise of the framework

Education:
Master of Computer Application, Indira Gandhi National Open University (New Delhi – India) June 2003
Contact this candidate