ANUSUYA VEERASAMY
Academic Project
Pega project
B Tech graduate, looking for a
software engineer role with
strong command in Java,
Python, Pega version 8.8.
Excellent communication skills
and ability to understand client
requirement. Continuous learner
of new technologies,strategies,
and tools.
About Me
ad9ayj@r.postjobfree.com
824-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/anusuya-v-333529224/
DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM
HAND GESTURE RECOGNITION USING IOT
Descrpition:Designed and implemented algorithms for real- time hand gesture detection and classification using computer vision techniques and machine learning models. Utilized popular frameworks such as OpenCV and TensorFlow for image processing.
IOT BASED GAS PIPE LEAKAGE DETECTION SYSTEM
Descrpition: Designed an innovative IoT-based gas pipe leakage detection system to enhance safety measures in industrial and residential environments. Leveraged IoT technologies to enable real-time monitoring and then by using bluetooth this system a real time notification for the gas is leaked.
ONLINE PET STORE
Descrpition: Design, development, and implementation of a robust distribution system within the Pega platform to streamline business processes and improve operational efficienct.By using Intergation we can directly fetch the city,state,country,pinode.
Descrpition: Design and development of an innovative online pet store solution using the Pega platform to personalized shopping experience for pet owners. To create an integrated platform for product catalog management, order
processing,and also implemented customer support.
Python
Java
Programming Skills
Certifications
Cloud Computing(NPTEL).
Robotic Process Automation(Virtual
intership).
PEGA Certified System Architect.
PEGA Certified Senior System Architect.
AI Programming with Python Nano
degree. Achievements
Submitted Paper on HAND GESTURE RECOGNITION USING IOT at Annamalai University(March 2023).
Submitted paper on "Iot Based Gas Pipe Leakage Detection System" at international conference on contemporary engineering and technology (March 2024).
PEGA Boot Camp Conducted by Talent Sprint.
Education
Bachelor of Technology(Artificial
Intelligence and Data Science)
M.Kumarasamy College of Engineering.
CGPA-8.5 Year-2020-2024.
Higher Secondary School Certificate
Cheran Matric Higher Secondary School.
Percentage -76 Year-2019-2020.
Secondary School Leaving Certificate
Cheran Matric Higher Secondary School.
Percentage-82.6 Year-2017/2018.
Declaration
I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date :
Place :
Area Of Interest
Machine Learning
Pega 8.8
SIGNATURE
Contact this candidate