Robert D Brunk
*** ******* **** ****
Stewartsville, NJ 08886
908-***-****
ad9bc0@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY:
Strong hands-on technical expertise in the design, coding and implementation of sophisticated relational database applications in a multi-user environment. Network hardware and software management experience.

LANGUAGES:
Progress 4GL/OpenEdge 12.2
SQL
FoxPro 2.5
Visual Basic 6
Oracle 11g
Recital 8
Powerbuilder 6
ANSI C

OPERATING SYSTEMS:
AWS
HPUX
MS Windows NT 4
AS/400
AIX 4.3.5, SMIT
SCO Unix
MS Windows XP
Red Hat Linux 7.3
Solaris 6.0
IBM OS/MVS/XA

SOFTWARE:
W/K Orion
XML / HTML
WebSpeed 3.1
VPN
VI
Firefox v22
Lakewood MOS
.Net
VPAS – McCamish Systems
SFTP/FTP
MS Office - Outlook, Excel, Word, Access
JSON
MFG/Pro 8 – QAD
Crystal Reports 11
Roundtable
CHUI/GUI User Interface
Telnet
JavaScript

PLATFORMS:
IBM RS/6000
IBM PCs and compatibles
Sun Solaris
IBM AS/400
HP9000
IBM 3090

EXPERIENCE:
Wolters Kluwer., Princeton, NJ August 2022 to June 2024
Business: Medical Subscription Solutions Provider Position: Senior Product Software Engineer
Platforms: Windows, Linux, AIX, AWS Software: Progress OpenEdge 12.2
Worked on the Orion team to maintain and update their all-encompassing system that manages customers, sales, orders and employees. The Progress based system connects to .Net APIs for the front end, reporting and data export. They use JSON for
data export also. Created exports for Pivot Reports.

Freedom Mortgage Inc., Fishers, IN November 2019 to May 2022
Business: Home Mortgages Position: Software Developer
Platforms: Windows, Linux, AIX, AWS Software: Progress OpenEdge 11.7.2
Freedom’s Lakewood Mortgage system has a group of people who run data fixes to help loans close. The group also does data pulls of system data, Looks at system functionality “Finding out why a procedure or a process behaves as it does”. We also do special projects that help management make decisions. While working with this group the users were supported and management provided whatever information they needed.

Syncreon Inc., Carlisle, PA July 2018 to November 2019
Business: Warehouse Solutions Provider Position: Software Developer
Platforms: Windows, Linux, AIX Software: Progress OpenEdge 11.7.1
Syncreon has just installed their software in a warehouse in central PA. They needed someone to work out the bugs as their system becomes more stable. What my responsibility is, is to run datafixes to keep the data processing moving. Requests for software changes are submitted. Interacted with system architects and users for system updates.

Robert D. Brunk Page 2

RDBSyscon LLC, Phillipsburg, NJ September 2006 to July 2018
Business: Systems Consulting Firm Position: Consultant – Systems Analyst/Programmer
Platforms: Windows, Linux, AIX, HPUX
Software: Progress OpenEdge 11.7.1, Oracle 11g,WebSpeed 3.1, MFG/Pro 8

TCS Inc / J.P. Morgan Chase, Wilmington, DE November 2017 to July 2018
Business: Auto Loan Management
Chase needs maintenance help for their existing RCO system, Credit Revue. They need someone to solve existing system problems and add functionality depending on business needs. They use Agile/Scrum as a way to keep the workflow moving and keep management informed of completed work and current status.

Bravepoint / Freedom Mortgage Inc., Fishers, IN May 2015 to October 2017
Business: Home Mortgages
Freedom’s Lakewood Mortgage system has a large amount of very old loans that were closed or incomplete. They wanted to create a system that would archive these loans and keep them available for recall. Using existing specifications, a system that identified loans to be archived, archived the loans, and if needed, recalled the loans was written. History was created for each of these loans, and a UI was created to manage it all. A batch processing system was created so the archiving could be done off hours. Updated existing messaging system to make more user friendly, converted existing hardwired Fax management system to one based on VSI-FAX.

Certec Inc. / GAF Inc., Parsippany, NJ December 2014 to May 2015
Business: Roofing Materials Manufacturing
GAF currently runs a modified Varnet application. They use this to manage warranties that were sold when contractors installed roofs.
They also have a Webspeed application that makes a web facing front end for their contractors. This system provides data to the Varnet system. Both of these systems need to be maintained and administered. This includes Production, UAT, QC and Development. My responsibility is to manage the Webspeed application in all the environments. Update it and the Varnet system when needed. Confer with the users and upper level management about updates and changes.

Certec Inc. / HNI Corporation, Muscatine, IA July 2013 to December 2014
Business: Office furniture manufacturing holding company
HNI is in the process of converting to an Oracle based system for their inventory management system (GFR) and their distributed warehouse management system (Bartrac). The Bartrac system is homegrown and written in Progress. To do the conversion, HNI needs data extracts from, bug fixes and maintenance for the Bartrac system. Specifications were created, programs and appservers written, tested and run. All to support the go live in February 2015.

Certec Inc. / Concur, Inc., Vienna, VA September 2012 to June 2013
Business: Travel and Expense Management
Concur has an existing travel management system. They received a government contract to provide the travel and expense management for the non DoD part of the government. Concur bought a company that had a progress based travel and expense management system that the government is familiar with. Concur wanted to connect the two systems and offer the government the features that their state-of-the-art system has. Appservers were created, programs adjusted, Restful web services created and web pages managed.

EDUCATION:
WAGNER COLLEGE, STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. Bachelor of Science.
Area of Concentration: Computer Science

BRAVEPOINT, NORCROSS, GA.
WebSpeed Programming Course
Contact this candidate