Dmytro Sheremet
Java Software Engineer
Knoxville, IA, 50138
ad9cab@r.postjobfree.com
1-641-***-****
linkedin.com/in/dmytro-sheremet-428274113

Professional Experience:

Full Stack Developer
Knoxville, IA (On-Site) (02/2024 – Present)
ICMS – Inspections Content Management System
Developed and maintained mobile/web applications.
Collaborated with engineers, designers, and sales to meet project requirements.
Wrote and optimized clean, maintainable code following best practices.
Conducted unit and integration testing to ensure flawless performance.
Enhanced existing applications with bug fixes and new features.

Team Lead of Java Development
Webxloo, Tampa, FL (remote) (09/2020 – 01/2024)
AMS - Auction Management System
Developed a comprehensive auction system enabling real-time bid acceptance, winner determination, and complete document flow.
Took charge of writing code for both back-end and UI, improving project architecture, and enhancing existing functionality.
Provided team mentorship and guidance for better performance.

Middle Java Developer
GAIN Systems, Chicago, IL (03/2019 - 03/2020)
Contributed to back-end development with primary responsibilities.
Optimized code and queries designed and implemented new functionalities and supported program maintenance and bug fixing.

Middle Java Developer
Intent Solutions Group, Boston, NY (06/2018 - 03/2019)
Worked on the cloud-based automated business intelligence platform knovio.com.
Primarily engaged in back-end development and played a secondary role in front-end development.
Gained experience in AWS cloud-based platforms.

Middle Java Developer
Ciklum, Dnipro, Ukraine (05/2017 - 12/2017)
Contributed to the development of BostadsPortal.se, a website for houses and apartments in the Swedish housing market.
Took an active role throughout the entire development project, from feasibility study to validation and deployment.

Java Developer
Spro, Zaporizhzhia, Ukraine (10/2016 - 05/2017)
Contributed to various projects, including Admin CMS, Cryptomail, and Android-Signal.
Set up and deployed open-source projects, added changes to servers and Android apps, and installed Android builds on Cyanogen Mod OS.
Designed databases, developed new features (both front-end and back-end), and handled bug fixes.

Skills Utilized:

Java
Android
React Expo
Unit testing
JavaScript
Spring Boot
Spring Data
AWS
MongoDB
REST
MySQL
PostgreSQL
HTML
XML
GIT
JSON

Education:
Computer networks and systems
National mining university, Dnipro, Ukraine
Degree: Master’s degree

Personal Information:
Date of Birth: August 21, 1987
Marital Status: Married

Volunteering:
I am passionate about sharing knowledge and have experience in tutoring IT specialization, having taught at least two students.
Contact this candidate