ADRIAN HUMPHREY
619-***-****
DETAILS
619-***-****
ad9dgz@r.postjobfree.com
SKILLS
DevOps
OAuth
Kubernetes
SASS
PostgreSQL
Good Clinical Practices (GCP)
Docker (Software)
Next.js
Amazon Web Services
GraphQL
Terraform
App Store (IOS)
Front End (Software Engineering)
Maintainability
Node.js
Application Programming
Interface (API)
Mentorship
React.js
Unit Testing
Software Development
Management
Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)
JavaScript (Programming
Language)
Web Applications
User Experience Design (UX)
Research
Integration
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Senior Software Engineer at Intuit
January 2024 — Present
• Currently working on a team of 6 with a focus on build UI components for Gen AI models helping users with their taxes.
• Helping design and architect component libraries for Turbo Tax UI Staff Front End Software Engineer at EOG Resources, Houston May 2023 — January 2024
• Spearheaded the design and development of scalable and responsive web applications, ensuring compatibility across multiple devices and browsers.Collaborated closely with back-end teams and data scientists to integrate and optimize data flow, enhancing the user experience.
• Led initiatives to research and adopt new front-end technologies, keeping EOG Resources at the forefront of industry advancements.
• Established and maintained a comprehensive component library using React and TypeScript, promoting code consistency and reusability across various projects.
• Played a pivotal role in architecting and implementing state-of-the-art front-end solutions, leveraging cutting-edge technologies and frameworks. Senior Full-Stack Engineer at Standard Metrics, San Francisco
• Collaborated with the product and UI/UX team to build and ship features using a React/TypeScript frontend and Python Django backend.
• Conducted regular code reviews, ensuring adherence to best practices and fostering a culture of continuous improvement.
• Mentored junior developers, facilitating their growth by providing hands-on training and guidance in advanced front-end techniques and methodologies.
• Worked cross-functionally with product managers, designers, and QA teams to ensure timely delivery of high-quality software products.
• Contributed to performance optimization efforts, ensuring lightning-fast load times and smooth user interactions.
• Coordinated with the security team to ensure the consistent implementation of security best practices and compliance standards in all front-end applications. Senior Front-End Engineer at Team Lead Tealium, San Diego
• Led a team of 4 engineers, providing technical mentorship and fostering a culture of best practices around JavaScript, TypeScript, and React.
• Developed and enforced software development practices for front-end state management, such as hooks and component life cycles.
• Reviewed and tested customer-facing prototypes before deployment, ensuring high usability standards.
Full Stack Javascript Instructor at Origin Code Academy, San Diego
• Mentored, taught, and coached students to become successful full stack developers with tools such as Javascript, HTML, CSS, React.js, Redux, Node.js, Express, MongoDB, MySQL, and Mongoose.
• Developed software tools to better manage student progress and learning outcomes.
(AS
November 2016 — August 2018
August 2018 — August 2021
August 2021 — August 2023
Django (Web Framework)
Python (Programming Language)
MySQL
Storage Area Network (SAN)
Teaching
Usability
MongoDB
Java (Programming Language)
TypeScript
Library
HyperText Markup Language
(HTML)
Android (Operating System)
LANGUAGES
English
• Introduced innovative teaching methods to ensure student comprehension and reduce learning time.
Mobile Software Engineer at PINGER, Santa Barbara
• Created automated tests for integration and unit testing using Jenkins.
• Wrote shell scripts to display test results.
• Added functionality to a VOIP Library in both the iOS and Android Platform.
• Added functionality to the development app to make the iOS team's job easier.
(AS
January 2015 — November 2016
Contact this candidate