













































ANITA VIRNAVE


 

 
ANITA VIRNAVE 

          Mobile: +91-8879122910/+91-7738246662                       
          E-Mail: anita.virnave@gmail.com  
 

Professional Digest 

 

Having more than 10 years of experience in HR generalist profile, with expertise in recruitment & selection, 

employee relations, employee engagement, PMS, payroll process and retention activities. Presently working 

with SMA Solar India Pvt Ltd. as an HR Specialist/Office Manager.  

  
A focused and reliable personality with strong people management,  leadership, analytical and coordination 
skills. Having Abilities of reviewing processes and suggesting ways for improving the same.  Abilities to work in 
demanding situations and meet the required deadline. 
 

Being a person who loves new challenges I have also delved into Policy Making, Talent Mapping, Attrition and 
retention programs, headcount management and delivered all to perfection 
 
Interested in seeking senior level position in the areas of Human Resource Management with a growth oriented 
and reputed organisation 
 

Experience Graph 

 

SMA Solar India Pvt Ltd, Mumbai (June ‘12– till date) 

 

SMA Solar Technology AG is a global leader in the development, production and sales of PV inverters for more 
than 30 years and, as an energy management group, offers innovative key technologies for future power 
supply structures. SMA is represented in all important photovoltaics markets in 20 countries. The company has 

a staff of over 3500 and reached a sales volume of EUR 1 billion in 2017. 
 
Designation: HR Specialist –India & Indian Subcontinent 
 
Job Profile: 

 Recruitment/Hiring/Talent Acquisition 

Understanding the requirement and according placing of ads in Social Medias like LinkedIn, sourcing 
candidates that match the desired skills. Recruitment calls, e-mails to candidates, lining interviews, 
negotiating salaries. Recruited 6 people (Sarjak, Honey, Chinna, Awnish, Vishal and Harvindra) 

 
 Induction and On-boarding 

On joining issuing LOI, LOE, Joining Tools. 
Giving description on policies, procedures and culture followed in the company. 
 

 Retention Programs: 
Handling employee surveys, grievances re-dressal, adding on policies to help and motivate employees, 

Team bound activities. 
 

 Workforce Management 
Handle the employee grievances, proper communication and alignment 
Communicate with employees and business heads for better alignment. other employee related issues 
 

 Payroll Management 

Monthly payroll checking,  addition and deletion if any, preparing salary CTC master, structure.  Ensure 
following the payroll cycle without any delays. 
 

 Statutory Compliance 
Timely EPF, PT LWF calculation and payments 



 
 Stat and Internal Audit handling 

Preparation of data, sample prep, solving all the queries. 
 

 Exit Formalities 
Issuing relieving letter and letter of experience. 
Processing full and final settlement for the person. 

 Attendance and leave records 

Maintaining and updating the record of attendance, absenteeism, leave, employee master detail. 
 
 

 Marketing Activities 

SMA India website updation     
  Managing the social site media 

   Updating the buddy list 

    Monthly follow-up with the team for content to be published 

Coordinating for Seminar/Conferences 

  Coordinating for Newsletter and Magazines publishes 

 Acting as a key coordinator in the Intersolar India 

  

Achievement: 
 SMART Objective was introduced and successfully implemented for managers. 
 Recruited 8 people (3 Managers and 5 Engineers) in a month without consultant or portal help.  
 Cost saving for the company in terms of recruitments 
 Represent India in International HR Meet at Kassel, Germany, every year. 

 

B.K Khare & Co. Mumbai (Chartered Accountants) May 2011 –May 2012  

 
Established in 1955 as an accounting and assurance services firm and led by its founder Mr.   B.K.Khare, has 
its grown to become one of the top-most Indian assurance services and tax-consulting firms. The managing 
director, Mr. B.K.Khare is a statesman-like figure in the profession and has nurtured the firm from its 
inception. The firm is led by a team of ten partners, ably assisted by staff of 75 and associates. The Firm is 
renowned for its expertise in areas of statutory audits, management audits and corporate law compliance and 

advisory services, accounting services, etc. Integrity is its hallmark. 
   

Designation: Manager-HR 
 
Job Profile:  

 Handled recruitment & Selection cycle. 
 Maintained a good relationship with the consultants.  

 Induction of new joinees.  
 Handled Employee Engagement programs. 
 Performance Appraisal, Maintaining personal records of employee’s etc. 
 Co-ordinated with the Top B-Schools for their MDP’s. 
 Handled Employee Grievances. 
 Acted as a single point of contact between management and employees. 

 Did the Tome-sheet Analysis and prepared a report for the same. 
 Managed the timely submission of ARF’s. 

 
Achievement: 

 Streamlined the HR functionalities. 

 Submission of time-sheet by all branches was streamlined. 
 Assignment Review Form was introduced and accepted. 

 

Fivebro International Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai (June ‘07– August ‘10) 

 
Fivebro International Private Limited, a strategic business unit and 100% subsidiary of Doshion Veolia 
Water Solutions Pvt. Ltd., a known name in the field of water management services in Indian 
continent, providing a complete portfolio of components of international brands required in water treatment 
and other engineering OEM's who manufactures RO systems, water treatment plants, utility equipments like 

boiler, Chilling plants, hydro booster system, soft drink and coffee machine etc. 
 
Designation: Assistant Manager-HR 
 
 



Job Profile:  
 Posted and advertised open positions. 
 Developed and maintained a good relationship with recruitment resources. 
 Conducted an analytic job studies and constructed valid selection and job related criteria. Screened, 

evaluated and recommended applicants for interviews. 
 Prepared and maintained job documentation, job evaluation, and company salary structure systems. 
 Did ads and posting for the open positions, Drafted offer letters/appointment letters for new hires. 
 Participated in interviews as required and assisting staff members in identifying and creating job related 

interview questions. 
 Did applicant references, made job offers and initiated needed paperwork. 
 Recommended, developed, and scheduled development and training courses. 

 Participated in development and execution of orientation programs and procedures for new employs. 
 Provided research and statistical information to staff in collecting, preparing and analyzing the 

information for use in implementation of procedures and policies. 
 Assisted with compensation and classification issues. 
 Reviewed employee complaints and ensured accurate and timely documentation of concerns or issues. 
 Facilitated the actions to resolve the employee issues and escalating them to appropriate management 

team. 
 Participated actively in performance appraisal procedure. 
 Helped accounts in Full & Final Settlement procedure. 

 

Achievement: 
 Received Best Employee continuously for 2 years. 
 Received an increment of 55% in the first year and was promoted to Asst Manager-HR. 

 Reduced the employee grievances to almost 10%. 
 

Academia 

 
Amity University, Uttar Pradesh (2006) 

: MBA with specialization in HR Management and Marketing Management (83%) 
 

Manipal Academy for Higher Education, Manipal (2002)  
: Bachelor of Information Technology (72%) (Distance Learning Programme) 
 

Achievements and Awards 

 
 Best Citizenship Award. 

 Received “Intelligence Award”. 
 Best Employee Award for cont. 2 years 

 Participated in MARGA Simulation program conducted by MARGA Business Simulations, Schloss 

Gracht, Erftstadt 
 

Personal Dossier 

 
Contact Address : B-404 Green Woods, Kasarvadavli, GB Road, Thane-West 
Languages Known     : English and Hindi  
Current Location        : Thane (Mumbai) 


