















































Curriculum vitae

YATHISH MAROLI

Flat NO H-602,

6th Floor, Mayuresh Park,

Gamdevi Road, Bhandup (W)

Mumbai – 400 078  
        







Phone:  {M} 09930870387








Email: maroli_yathish@rediffmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE:

Accomplished management executive seeking a role in operational management, client relations, quality and training departments with a growing organization of repute in the BPO sector. 

CORE COMPETENCIES:

1) Process Redesign / Change Management.

2) Client Relationship.

3) Policy and Procedure Development.

4) Risk Management/Quality Control.

5) Cost Analysis and Reporting.
6) Team Building and Retention Initiatives
CORE COMPETENCIES:

1) Over six years of resourceful BPO experience, team-oriented manager with holistic experience in operations, quality, training, WFM, hiring, shared services, client co-ordination, transition and implementation.

2) Recognized as a proactive strategist who can identify business needs, initiate change and implement new processes in challenging and diverse environments to support organizational operating, financial and quality objectives.

3)  Definitive strengths in improving Customer Services (technical and non technical), implementing and managing processes, employee retention and providing decision making inputs to senior management.

4) Strong management and leadership skills, with ability to motivate professionals and maximize levels of productivity.

5) Excellent communicator, with emphasis on building strong client relationships.

Milestones:

1) Instrumental in implementing and transitioning the process to in Hyderabad site.

2) SPOC for resource planning based on volume projections given by the client to maximize seat utilization.

3) Responsible for conceptualization and implementation of multiple initiatives to drive profitability.

4) SPOC for all types of Client interactions and management.

5) Cross training and up-training of associates to handle high call volumes of different LOBS and reducing avail time and improving the  average engagement time of an associate on the basis of capacity planning.

6) The process ranked No 1 on the Global rankings amongst 9 client partner sites for 9 consecutive months in Mumbai and we were No 1 in Hyderabad as well for 4 months and the second best site on YTD ranking.
7) Worked for GB projects on Quality, AHT and Sales and was able to show a positive traction of 15% on Quality, 5% improvement on AHT and 3 % on Sales after implementation of quick hit areas. 
8) Conceptualized and implemented a success directing development program called “INTELLECT” to help the associates, SMES and QAPS in understanding business needs, knowledge about cross functional teams and mastering situational leadership style. This helped us for grooming our employees for the next level; it helped in boosting motivation and employee morale along with their retention.

Key Responsible Areas– (Technical Support and Customer Service)

1) Responsible for handling the Operations for – EarthLink (3rd largest ISP – US), T-Mobile (World’s 10th largest mobile service provider) and currently Nectar (UK largest Loyalty Management Program)
2) Driving Operational excellence in different queues for the EarthLink process encompassing Technical Troubleshooting, Customer Service, Tier 3 Support, Retention and Inbound sales.
3) Important role in driving ICCA for T-mobile (Customer Satisfaction) on both the queues. (Voice and Email) 

4) Developed a team to analyze and provide update to improve and increase the canned email responses and eventually increasing productivity for T-Mobile. 
5) Responsible for hiring and recruiting resources as per client specifications.

6) Delivering Employee Contact management by conducting regular 1 on 1, skip levels and Focus groups with the floor.

7) Sharing Productivity & Quality review decks with clients to measure the performance of the queue on weekly operational reviews, building Business cases & contingency plans to mitigate risk and maximize outputs on the process.

8) Responsible for doing quarterly performance appraisals for the management team on the basis of defined KRAs & KPIs.

9) Conducting Weekly and Monthly RNR for the entire process. Formulating a new plan every month based on forecasting of Client goals for the forthcoming month.

Chalking out action items based on capacity planning, historical call trending patterns to meet the client SLAS and KPIS on all queues
CAREER SYNOPSIS:

Professional Experience (Total work experience – 10 yrs & 6 months)
Present Designation – Assistant Manager Operations
SITEL INDIA Ltd - Company dealing with customer care services
Growth Path In SITEL:

1) Joined as an agent in 2002.

2) Promoted as a QA in 2003.

3) Promoted as a TL in 2005 and put in progression plan.

4) Promoted as a Management Trainee in 2006.

5) Promoted as an A.M. in July 2007.

Job Responsibilities:

· Line management / contact centre experience of > 80 FTEs

· Managing Team Leaders or personnel in similar positions

· Interpreting operational data and its effect on customer service

· Developing and/ or implementing best practice processes to achieve high levels of staff attendance and minimise staff attrition

· Client interactions and attending client meetings.

Skills:

· Strong management skills and proven leadership capability, Key focus on people development

· Passionate about delivering exceptional customer service

· Detailed reporting and analytical skills

Management Trainee – October_06 to June_07

During this period was assigned team, which varied from span of 80 to 85 team members. I had the opportunity to handle 3 different queues in this period. This was a huge opportunity as a beginner in this role with Technical Queue and eventually handled Customer Service process for an ISP. Successful completion of Management Trainee role, I was promoted as Assistant Manager.

Team Leader – September_05 till September_06
Good interpersonal skills resulted in better team control. Was an active member in all client related meetings, Agent and Team Leader focus group. I was given the opportunity to join the team, which launched SITEL in Hyderabad. 

Successfully handled Technical and Customer service processes and played a vital role in the growth of SITEL in Hyderabad as I was associated with one of the biggest processes in SITEL Hyderabad and our growth ensured arrival of new processes in SITEL Hyderabad.  

· Best Team Leader for the month of September 2005 for overall performance.

· Best Team Leader for the month of February 2006 for Sales and attendance.
Quality Assurance Professional – November_03 till August_05
Strong process knowledge and people management skills helped me keep a check on my performance and also helped me move up the ladder to next level. Won the best QAP award for 2 consecutive months (November & Decemeber_03)
Customer Service Professional 

Joined SITEL in October_02 and by delivering the best got prompted as Quality Assurance Professional within a short span of 13 months. 

EARLY CAREER HISTORY:

ASCII (Advanced School of Computer Information, India Pvt. Ltd.​​​)

(May 2002 – Oct 2002)

Designation
:
Computer Faculty 
Reporting to
:
Sr. Coordinator
Job Responsibilities:

· Imparting computer knowledge to students of primary and secondary.

· Working on CD cataloguing, for CD’s developed by ASCII.

Achievements:

· Conducting computer lectures for fellow lecturers, to educate them with additional software knowledge. 

Meditech Equipments

(Oct 2000 – Nov 2001)

Company dealing in Hospital Waste Management products. (Disposable syringe, Foley’s catheter and blood bags, equipments like blood collegian monitor cum shaker and tube sealer)
Designation
:
Marketing Executive
Reporting to
:
Sr. Marketing Manager
Job Responsibilities:

· Marketing products like disposable syringe, syringe needle destroyer and blood bags.

Achievements:

· Good Marketing skills resulted in sale of 30 syringe needle destroyers within 1 week of joining the firm.

Professional Certifications:

· Attended “Green Belt Six Sigma” workshop.

· “DISC” Behavior analysis workshop.

· “NICE – Quality tool” workshop.

· Workshop on Coaching, mentoring and feedback mechanisms.

· Conflict resolution workshops.

· Situational Leadership workshop.
Personal Details


            Date of Birth         : 23rd Sep, 1979 






Languages Known   : English, Hindi, Marathi and Malayalam






Marital Status       : Married
Education
B.Com Graduation (Mumbai Board -2000)
H.S.C examination (Mumbai Board-1997)
S.S.C examination (Mumbai Board-1995)
Professional Qualification
GNIIT – NIIT (Certificate in Information Technology)
Web Programming – Boston Computer Institute 

YATHISH MAROLI
