





































Resume


SRIRAM BALAJI RAJAGOPALAN
Mobs: +91-9791683495                                                             Email: srirambalaji870@gmail.com 
	SAS Programmer


Seeking a position in an organization that provides me ample opportunity to explore & excel while carving out the niche for personnel, professional as well as organizational goals.
	Summary of Experience


· Around 4 years of experience in SAS emphasizing on analysis design, development, testing and implementation for pharmaceutical industries.

· Experience in STDM dataset creation based on CDISC – SDTMIG standards, 3.1.3 and 3.2.
· Experience in creating and reviewing case report forms aCRF’s/SDTM to ensure that the protocol objectives are met and the project standards are maintained.

· Review and validation of STDM datasets using Open CDISC Validator.

· Experience in electronic regulatory submissions. 

·  Knowledge in understanding of clinical research process – Phases I to IV.

· Well versed with medical terminology & parameters used in clinical trial phases.

· Providing domain expertise and technical understanding during the design and development phase.

	Skill Set

	Programming Language
	Base SAS, SAS Macro Language, SQL, PL/SQL

	Databases
	MS-SQL Server, Oracle

	Tools and Utilities
	Open CDISC Validator (OCV) and CDISC Gate way tool

	Operating System
	Windows

	Office Packages
	MS Office 2003 and 2007 (Word exec(Power Point)


	Educational Details

	Title of the Degree with Branch
	University, Country
	Year of Passing

	Bachelor of Engineering (Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering) 
	Anna University, India
	2012


	Certifications

	Technical
	Base SAS 9.3 Certified


	Professional Experience 


Cognizant Technology Solutions pvt.ltd, Kolkata. 


April 2013 – Jun 2014

Cognizant Technology Solutions pvt.ltd, Chennai. 


June  2014 –  Till Date
	Project 1 #1 Novartis DCF 


Client


Novartis
Project Type

SDTM Conversion

Tools


CDISC Gate way tool(Cognizant Tool) and SAS.

Role


Programmer Analyst

Location 

Kolkata

Period


April 2013 – Jun 2014 (10 months)

Responsibilities 
· Requirement Analysis.

· Creating Mapping Specification based on the protocol, Visit matrix and aCRF.

· Programming in CDISC gateway tool using SQL.

· Querying database using Oracle tool.

· Perform programming using SAS to converting SDTM datasets.

· Updating as per defects and review comments.

· Generating reports for validation.

	Project 2 BPaaS SDTM (Business Process as a Services)


Client


Sanofi, LFB and IPSEN

Project Type

SDTM Conversion

Tools


SAS

Role


SAS Programmer

Location 

Chennai

Period


April 2014 – till date

Responsibilities 

· Requirement Analysis provided by Sponsor.

· Conducting SDTM KOM to propose the timeline for all SDTM activities.

· Creating Mapping Specification and Trail Design Domains based on the protocol, Visit matrix and aCRF.

· Perform SAS programming to create SDTM target domains.

· Validating Target domains against approved specifications and SDTM standards.

· Acted as SME reviewer for SDTM deliverables.

· Conducting lesson learnt and training sessions to the team on requirement basis.

· Performing defect analysis and incorporating CAPA items.

· Mentoring new joiners and provided programming support to the team members.

