








RAMALAKSHMI.A        	
40 Semmenchery	   	            
Aalamaram bus stop backside    	       Email:Ramalakshmi1806@gmail.com
Chennai                                                   Mobile: 91-9047197622   
                                                    

Professional Summary

· Extremely motivated team player with solid organizational and time management Skills.
· Excellent communication skills.
· To be a prominent part of an innovative team that reaches out for new horizons in information technology and to trample new grounds in technology and administration.
· Active participant and volunteer in almost all aspects.

Academic Profile

	Qualification
	Institution
	Year
	Percentage

	B.E (CSE)
	Francis Xavier Engineering College
	2015
	72 %

	H.S.C
	St. Ignatius girls Hr.Sec.school
	2011
	85 %

	S.S.C
	Holy cross Girls Hr.Sec.school
	2009
	90 %



Experience Summary	

COMPANY			:  Groupon Shared Services Pvt. Ltd
PERIOD			:  November 2016 to June 2017
POSITION			:  Senior Client Specialist

Job Description:

· To respond to emails from our current Merchants, ranging from simple usage questions to unique circumstances that come up with a specific offer 
· To resolve Merchant issues in a timely and consistent manner 
· To manage time and productivity to meet daily individual and team targets 
· To act as a liaison with other departments (Sales, Customer Service, Editorial, Product & Engineering) to address any cross departmental issues impacting the subscriber

PREVIOUS COMPANY	:  HCL Technologies Limited, Chennai.              
PERIOD			:  June 2015 to July 2016
POSITION			:  Customer Service Executive

Job Description:

· To place the purchase order and following up on the same.
· Taking care of the shipment and delivery.
· Assisting the customers with tracking details and status of the order.
· Following up with the vendor on payment and delivery.


Achievements	

· Multi-tasking skills and ability to adopt to new processes in a specific time frame
· Handled special LOB as a single person
· Awarded as a best performer in GROUPON for 2nd quarter of year.
· Two times received a best performer award for 2nd and 4th quarter of year in HCL

External Achievements	

· Active member in N.C.C and participated N.C.C CAMP.
· College Champion in Badminton
· Got first prize in poetry writing

Personal Profile	

	
Name

Father Name

Date of Birth
	
RamaLakshmi A

Mr.R.Arumugam

18 Jun 1993

	Sex
	Female

	Nationality
	Indian

	Languages Known
	English, Tamil, Hindi 

	Present Address
	
40A Jhansi Rani Nagar
Saradha college opposite Palai,
Tirunelveli

	Permanent Address
	
40A Jhansi Rani nagar
Saradha college opposite Palai,
Tirunelveli








Declaration 

	I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
Place	: Chennai.                                                                   Signature
Date 	:								       (RamaLakshmi A)
