












































Microsoft Word - Soumen Sadhu CV_03-JUN-2018


 

Page 1/1  CV Version Date AUG-2018 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

AREAS OF EXPERTISE 
 
 

People Management 

Team Motivation 

Decision Making 

Managing Processes 

Conflict management 

Clinical Data Management 

Vendor management  

Stake Holder collaboration 

 
 
 
 

PROFESSIONAL  

Toastmaster- CC&CL 

Motivational Speaker 

Soft Skills Trainer 

 
 
 
 
 

PERSONAL SKILLS 
 

Passionate TL 

Forward thinking 

Goal Oriented 

Hard working 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Soumen Sadhu |soumen.sadhu@gmail.com|+91-8592808035   
Sr. Clinical Data Manager| Team Leader | 
 
PERSONAL SUMMARY 
 
 
Senior-level professional; with experienced of Clinical Data Management, People 
management in Pharma, CRO and Healthcare companies for 17 years in total; out of 
which 6.7 years as people manager and 11 years in DM.  
Highly analytical decision-maker with extensive experience in team building along with 
proven history of increasing team efficiencies and productivity. Has a fair and consistent 
approach to managing staff and possesses extensive experience of interviewing, hiring, 
supervising and developing them.   
Seasoned Clinical Data Manager with in-depth understanding of Drug Development and 
their commercial applications. Motivated self-starter who earned multiple awards and 
recognition as a team and individual contributor. 

 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Senior Clinical Data Manager  
Novartis Healthcare Private Limited; Hyderabad      From: July-2016 – Current 
 
Responsible for overseeing the day-to-day Data Management operations for assigned 
Clinical Studies. Representing Data Management in various line functions. Managing 4 
Oncology projects and handling 25 associates altogether along with Contract Research 
Organizations (CRO) and other vendors. 
Clinical Data Management Team Leader.       
ICON Clinical Research- Chennai and Trivandrum.      From: March 2013 – July 2016 
 
Accountable for Resource optimization and allocation to achieve financial goals of projects. 
Associated with interviewing panel and new hire grooming-orientation. Responsible for keeping 
KPIs on track for 17 team members and 7 studies. Perform Gap analysis; identify correct training 
on DM tasks and other developmental areas for associates.  
 
Clinical Data Analyst II. 
PAREXEL International- Hyderabad.                 From: March 2010 – March 2013 
 
Worked as Study point of contact for assigned projects. Performed day to day Discrepancy 
management, SAE and 3rd part vendor data reconciliation. 
 
Clinical Data coordinator I.  
CliniRx Research Pvt. Ltd. – Gurgaon.                From: March 2007 – March 2010 
Responsible for review Data Listing; keeping Project Trial Management File audit ready. 
Tracking paper DCF. 
 
Out Patient Pharmacy In charge.   
Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd.  – New Delhi and Kolkata. From March 2001 – March 2007 
 
Was responsible for resource planning to run 24 x7 x 365 days pharmacy outlet/s. My team size 
was 21 that were including pharmacist and other staffs. Was a trainer on soft skills and corporate 
Etiquettes for new joiners. Was accountable for maintenance of Narcotics Drug Register and 
keep everything ready for Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) audit. Maintaining various kind of 
records [i.e. Room & fridge temperature, Stock expiry records, cold chain items] for ISO & JCI 
accreditation. 
 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS 

Educational Qualifications: 

Degree 
Year of 

Completion 
University 

One year post B.Sc. 
Application oriented course 

in Bio science 
2000 Burdwan University, West Bengal 

B.Sc. 1999 Burdwan University, West Bengal 
 
 
 
 
 
Dated         Soumen Sadhu 
Place 


