
















































SAP BI CV


            SAP BI Consultant                                                                     
   

SAP BI / BW  
Consultant | 3+ years Experience  
  

  Page 1 of 3 

Tanvi Nagpal 

SCF-26/1, Kichlu Nagar, Ludhiana 

Mobile:  +91 9878999876 

E-Mail:tanvinagpal89@gmail.com 
     

 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
 

 Highly committed and technical professional having 4+ years of experience in SAP BI/BO 

 Have worked on design, implementation, ETL & enhancement. Expertise in building Queries, Webi and 

Dashboard. 

 Involved in End To End implementation. 

 Involved in In-House Project implementation and support in SAP BI/BW Projects. 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE 
 

 Trident Group  (Ludhiana)  (Sep’2013 – Till date) 

SAP BI Consultant 

 

 Trident Group  (Ludhiana)     (May 2013–Aug 2013) 

Intern E-Selling Department 

 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 
 

 Bachelor of Information Technology (74%)  May 2012 
Malout Institute of Information and Technology 

 

SAP BI  7.0  EXPERTISE  
 

 Data Modeling – Expertise in Data staging and extensively worked in Administrative Workbench 

(AWB) and in designing Info Objects, Info Cubes, Aggregates, DSO/ODS objects, Transfer Structures, 

Communication Structures, Update rules, Transfer rules, Transformations, Data transfer processes 

(DTP’s), Info Sources, Data Sources,  Multi providers. 

 BEX Query Generation – Worked extensively on BEX Analyzer in building Queries using Variables 

and Formulae.  

 Involved in Extraction with LO Cockpit Extraction, Generic Extraction for Master Data and 

Transaction data extractions from ECC. Creation of Generic data sources with Tables, Views and 

function modules. Knowledge on data Source Enhancement. 

 

 

mailto:E-Mail:%20tanvinagpal89@gmail.com


            SAP BI Consultant                                                                     
   

SAP BI / BW  
Consultant | 3+ years Experience  
  

  Page 2 of 3 

 Business content objects installation and Transportation of objects across Landscape. 

 Interacted with Clients to get the inputs from the user to close the ITSM tickets. 

 Modifications in the BI Reports (changes suggested by the end user). 

 Maintain the daily Process Chain error logs . 

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 

Operating System : Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 10 

Languages  : Java 

ERP   : SAP ECC 6 and ECC 4.7 

Data Warehouse : SAP BI 7.4 and SAP BW 3.5  

Tool   : Business Explorer (BEX) 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 

New Implementation  

Project # 2 : BSC (Business Scorecard) Dashboard Development                                                                       

   

Designation : SAP BI Consultant 

Environment  : SAP BI 7.4 

Duration  : May 2017 to Aug 2017 

 

Role and Responsibilities 
 

 Process Chain Monitoring and Maintenance on daily basis and verifying of Data Load. 

 House Keeping Activities like Change Log, PSA Deletion. Deleting data in PSA for last 3-7 days. 

 Error handling while loading data into BW system. 

 Created info packages and populated Info cubes with initialization and delta loads at predefined 

Scheduled time settings. Used Full Update methods depending on the requirement.  

 Data moved to Dashboard from BI and reflecting in Months’ BSC.  

 Process Chain is scheduled to run months’ BSC data with Parameters shared by Business Users. 

 Worked extensively on Data warehouse workbench (RSA1) and customized Info Objects, Info 

Cubes, DSOs Info sets and Multiproviders. 

 Creation of reports using BEX Analyzer using Conditions, Filters, Free characteristics, Restricted 

Key Figures, Calculated Key Figures and Variables. 

 Transporting of the objects from Dev to Prod and monitoring target system. 

 Provide authorization to Business Users’ for roles authorized to them and Users’ ID maintenance 

(Creation or Deletion of IDs). 

 Educating Business Users’ for BO Portal, usage of Dashboard, Business Score Card and Scheduling. 

 

 

 



            SAP BI Consultant                                                                     
   

SAP BI / BW  
Consultant | 3+ years Experience  
  

  Page 3 of 3 

 

Project # 1 : Project Manthan (In-House Implementation) 
 
Role  : SAP BI Consultant 

Environment : SAP BI 7.4 

Duration : Sep2013 – March2015. 

 

Role and Responsibilities:-   

 

 Created and Maintained Data Sources, Transformations.   

 Used DSO to stage the data before transferring to the Info Cube.  

 Scheduled different types of DTP like: 

 DTP for Standard. 

 DTP for Error Stack. 

 Handled errors in Error Stack and then scheduled the Error DTP. 

 Involved in creating Generic Extractors. 

 Extensively worked on process chains for sequential background scheduling of Master Data, 

Transactional data and several subsequent processes.  

 Installation of relevant SAP business content as and when required. 

 Developed Generic extractors to extract virtually any ECC data from Database tables, Views, SAP 

Queries. 

 Worked extensively on BEx Analyzer Developing flexible queries using Filters, Variables, and 

restricted key figures and calculated key figures to facilitate data analysis in a drill down or 

summarized way to give detailed levels of information. 

 Actively and regularly involved in Load Monitoring of Daily, weekly, and Monthly, Data Loads 

using Process Chains  

 Created info packages and populated Info cubes with initialization and delta loads at predefined 

Scheduled time settings. Used Full Update methods depending on the requirement.  

 Handled the tickets of priority and maintain list of all the activities for all the tickets until it is closed 

down. 

 Involved in Validated data consistency in reporting with Data Target against PSA after loading them 

to data targets.  

 

PERSONAL DETAILS 
 

Full Name  :  Tanvi Nagpal 

Date of Birth  :  29
th
 July, 1989 

Permanent Address :  #1373, Zargaran Street, Fazilka, Punjab - 152123 

Marital Status  :  Unmarried  


