













































                                                                         Bikas Kumar Singh

         Mobile: +91-9541595864   E-Mail: singh.bikas1@gmail.com, bikassingh@live.com                               


                             Seeking assignments in organization of high repute

· Risk Analyst at XL Dynamics India Private Ltd with 3 years of success in risk reporting, analysis and providing resolution to underwriting issues on GNMA, FNMA and FHLMC loans.
· Accomplished 7 weeks internship from Ambuja Cement Private Limited, Ropar Punjab. 

· Multilingual personnel proficient with English and Hindi. 

· An analytical thinker with excellent reasoning and interpersonal skills.

Since June 22, 2015 with XL Dynamics India Private Ltd, Navi Mumbai as Risk Analyst
· Evaluate financial strength of credit worthiness of borrower. 

· Analysis of key loan documents such as asset statements, Credit reports, Income statements and Purchase contracts for pending requirements as per HUD, Fannie Mae, and Freddie Mac Guideline.
· Perform pre-underwriting on loan files and provide recommendations regarding risk and repayment ability to underwriter in US mortgage Industry for FHA, VA and Conventional Loans.
· To ensure that documents on loans are received & reviewed on a timely basis so that a loan can get funded on deadlines. Clear conditions and review loans for the next stage.
· Providing resolution of client’s complains related to loan processing. Sending of analysis of various issues being faced by clients to the Management on daily basis & providing solutions in order to resolve them.
· Assist clients in making better credit decisions.
· Pricing loan scenario as per investor rate sheet and Optimal blue.
· To identify process gaps & to work on them in order to make processes across teams error free.  Documenting the updates in Process, Checklist & SOPs 

	Examination
	Discipline
	School/college
	Board/University
	Year of Passing
	%

	MBA
	Finance
	NIT Kurukshetra
	NIT
	2015
	68.36


	B Tech
	CSE
	DIT School Of Engineering
	UPTU
	2012
	66.96



· Conversant in Windows, MS Office, C Basic, R Basic
· Course on Programming  in “C” from NIIT

Date of Birth                                                    :         12th July 1992
Languages Known                                           :         English and Hindi

Father’s Name                                                  :
Dr. B Singh
Hobbies                                                             :
listening to music, watching action flicks
                                                                                        SYNOPSIS



ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE



                                                                                      SCHOLASTIC







                                                                                           IT SKILLS









                                                                   PERSONAL DOSSIER





