














































RESUME


 

 

RESUME 

 

Rahul Pandurang Namye      

C/85, S.P. Bhagat Co. Hsg. Soc. LTD., 

Behind Mauli Bunglow,  

Kopar Cross Road, Dombivli (West). 

Mobile No. +91 9967354597 

Dist:- Thane. 

Email ID:- rahul.namye8@gmail.com  

  

 

                

 
. 

E D U C A T I O N A L  Q U A L I F I C A T I O N 

 

Graduation in B.Com From Mumbai University               March 2011       57.42% 

 

Maharashtra State Board Examination through Pragati College      Feb 2008        62% 

From Mumbai University Higher Secondary School Certificate. 

 

Maharashtra State Board Examination through S.H. Jondhale High School March 2006        61.73% 

From Mumbai Board Secondary School Certificate.  

 

 P R O F E S S I O N A L   E X P E R I E N C E  

 

 Working With STATE STREET SYNTEL SERVICES PVT. LTD. in Post of Senior Associate. 

(June 2012 to till date.) 

 

 

 

mailto:rahul.namye8@gmail.com


P R O F I L E S U M M A R Y 

 

Responsibilities: 

 

1. Reconciliations 

Reconciliation of Transfer Agency Bank Accounts of different Asset Management Companies (AMC’s) and accordingly make 

investigations of Transactions which does not reconcile. 

Monitoring Loading of Statements, Overdrawn reports on daily basis to inform the dealing teams about the overdrawn of 

accounts. Matching on frontier Ifast matching (SUBNR & REDNP) as well as Capstock matching (CRENP & LIQNR). Sending 

daily, weekly and monthly reconciliation reports to Management Company and Liasing with management companies and 

clients for resolutions. 

Reporting the Transactions which remain Outstanding to the client. Escalating & Interacting the Transactions to the Dealing 

Team (Ireland) if it not reconcile after investigations. 

Participate in Organization training plan for improving skill metrics of each department. Reviewing daily tasks, report accounts 

and giving training to all the team members. 

Also involved in the IMR (Investor Money Reconciliations) project for Ireland as well as Luxembourg. 

 

2. Interest Apportionment 

Interest Apportionment is a policy : 

 whereby Bank charged to the TA bank accounts are charged back to the underlying funds in proportion to the number 

of transactions in each funds in that months, and; 

 whereby the credit and debit interest charged to or paid by the TA bank accounts is charged or paid to the underlying 

funds in proportion to the value of sales (subscription) in that fund for the month 

 

 

P R I N C I P A L   R E S P O N S I B I T I E S 

 

 
 To support and deliver BAU activities to ensure that agreed client deliverables are met and that service levels 

meet and/or exceed client expectations at all times.  

 To be a Subject Matter Expert in area of responsibility.  

 Expertise in managing quality check,  

 Manage work allocation in the absence of Team Leader in consultation with Managers. 

 To identify training gaps if within the team and share with TL/Manager  

 To ensure proper preventative and detective controls are in place for the TA functions you are responsible for.  

 Identifies trends, concerns and root cause of errors and recommends additional controls to improve 
quality/timelines.  

 To ensure that current / updated TA processes, procedures and policies are in place and are being applied across 
TA business units and functions you are responsible for.  

 To maintain a high degree of professionalism at all times.  

 Should possess good knowledge on regulatory/compliance requirement.  

 



 

 

S K I L L S / E X P E R I E N C E 

 

 
 Process expertise in Transfer Agency/Internal Reconciliation  

 Is able to prioritize well on various tasks/deliverables and can achieve multitasking in an effective and consistent 
manner.  

 Systems expertise on Transfer Agency Frontier as well as AWD application.  

 Quick learner and ability to work independently with minimal supervision  

 Understanding own limitations  

 Strong analytical and strive for continuous improvement.  

 Flexible, adaptable and willingness to learn.  

 

 

A C H I E V E M E N T S 

 

 Received Syntel Champ Award twice within a year for best performance 

 Received Syntel Speed Award for good team player. 

 Received Syntel Titan Award in a month for outstanding performance of bring project back on track. 

 Received Syntel Titan Award again for AWD work Creation on behalf of Oversight team. 

 Received Syntel Values Award (Entrepreneurial) valuable support for a new client called ‘PIMCO’ 

 

 

P E R S O N A L  D E T A I L S 

 

Date of Birth    :  4th June 1990                            Marital Status:   Single. 

 

Nationality       :  Indian.                             Languages        :  English, Hindi & Marathi 

 

 
 

 

 

Place :  Mumbai.         

      

Dated :  _______.        

 

 

(Rahul P. Namye) 

 


