






































Eknath Bodake

Smitesh Uttam Gaikwad
429/2285,Sahayog Society Sant Tukaram Nagar, Pune – 411 018
Email: smiteshgaikwad2@gmail.com
Mobile: 9970967940/8766572662 
Objective
Seeking an opportunity that would offer me challenging assignments, help me nurture my strengths and exploit my talents. Also aspiring for a position, which would put me on a fast track and help to achieve my goals. 
Personal Profile:-

Date of Birth: 

5th September 1988
Marital Status: 
Unmarried 

Father’s Name:
Uttam Laxman Gaikwad
Languages: English, Hindi, Marathi.

Core Competencies:
• Team player 





• Information Handling 
• Drive for results 




• Influencing people 




Education:-

Master of Business Administration (MBA), IBMR Institute of Business Management and Research, Pune University in First Division -2016.

Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com) from Padmashree Dr. D.Y. Patil College of Arts, Commerce & Science In Second Division -2011, Pune University.
Higher Secondary School in Commerce (H.S.C) from Bhartiya Jain Sanghatna, Maharashtra Board in Pass Class Division - 2007
Secondary School (S.S.C) from Bhartiya Jain Sanghatna, Maharashtra Board in Second Class Division - 2004

Professional Summary:-

From 9th Jan 2017 to till date. 
Organization: 
 Trimurti Group & Project Support Consultant(Trimurti Group is Providing valuable domestic consultancy services in the field of New Plant set up, Maharashtra Pollution Control Board, Small Factories Act, Man Power Placement Consultancy, Payroll Process Outsourcing Services, Monthly PF,ESI,PT & MLWF.   
Location:- 
 Pune (Dapodi)
Designation:-
 H.R Executive.  
Reporting to -   Director (Labour Law Compliance)
Recruitment & Selection  
1. Independently handling the End to End level recruitments.  

2. Ensure sourcing and recruitment of workmen and contract Labour at the plant location.
3. Preparation of Job Description for all position.
4. Handling the complete recruitment life Cycle.
5. MIS & Proper Storing of Resumes in a database for further use & Reference.
6. Uploading of Vacancies on Naukri Portal, Social & Professional Network. 

7. Sourcing of CVs mainly through Naukri Portal & Various education Institutions.
8. Initially Screening & Short listing of Resumes in line with the Job Description.
9. Scheduling Personal & Telephonic Interviews with Client. 

10. Salary Negotiation & issuing offer letters.
11. Follow up with Candidates till their Joining.
12. Rate Negotiations and tie up with Job Portals.
13. Wage & salary negotiation with workers & Staff cadre.
14. Prepared & submit all Relevant Documents/Certificates as per the Requirement of employees in consultation with the management.
Time Attendance & Monthly Payroll Management   
1. Annually Calculate Leaves Records of Employees & Workers. 
2. Record, Maintain & Monitor Attendance to Ensure Employee Punctuality.
3. Prepare & Process timely Distribution of Salary, Salary Slip, and Leave Encashment.
4. Co- ordinate to Clients implement Time Attendance.
5. Prepared Monthly & Daily MIS Reports like OT Report, Daily Attendance Reports.
Policy Formulation & Implementation

Prepared & Co- Ordinate to HR Dept of Clients for Policy Formulation 
1. Formulation of Policy & Ensuring Strict Adherence to Various HR Polices Like Leave Policy, & Working Hours Policy.
Registrations & Renewals 

1. Registration of Establishment under the Factory Act, Approved/Revision the Factory Plan/ Machinery Layout under Maharashtra Factories Rule. 

2. Renewal & Amendment of Factory License under Factory Act 1948. 

3. Registration & Renewal of Consent to Establish/Operate of Establishment under Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) In Green, Orange, Red Category.
4. Obtaining Registration of Principal Employer (RC) of Establishment under Contract Labour Act from Labour Commissioner. 

5. Obtaining Labour Licence of Contractors from Labour Commissioner.   

6. Amendment/ Renewal of labour Licence & Registration Certificate (RC) from time to time from Labour Commissioner.
7. Registration of establishment under BOCW Act from labour Commissioner. 
8. Registration of Shop & Establishment under the Bombay Shop & Establishments Act. 

9. Registration of Establishments under Small Scale Industry (SSI) Under Part 1 & 2. 
Statutory Compliances 
1. Knowledge of PF withdraws, Correction Form, UAN Activation.
2. Responsible for calculation of Annual Bonus & distribution the same.
3. Preparation & Maintain of various records Like Register of Fine, Register of Deductions, Muster Roll, as prescribed as under the Act Applicable to Establishment. 

4. Timely Submit Annual Bonus Returns under the Bonus Act. 

5. Handling complete Joining & Exit formalities of Contractors.
6. Monthly, Annually Statutory Requirements Check under P.F., ESIC, WC, Prof .Tax, Factory Act., Shop Act, Labour License & MLWF Act, Health Register, Handling Accident Matters under the ESI Act, like online Intimation, Accident form Submit, Maintain Accident Muster, Records the Statement of Witness, Form -27 Under Factory Act. 
7. Check Monthly wage Musters, all Deductions of All Contractors.
8. Update Form No-9, Form No-2, Form No-11, Form No-3A, to PF Group Membar. 
Training/Projects:-

MBA – Human Resources

Organization: Elite Plastic Limited Pune. 

Project Title: “Training and Development”                        
Computer Skill With Certified:-
MSC-IT, Tally Erp9, Advance Excel

Typing speed For English 40 WPM

Typing speed For Marathi 30 WPM   
Extra-Curricular Achievement:- I got silver medal in boxing enter school and college level in the year of 2006-2007. 

    
Date:    


                  



Smitesh Gaikwad   

Place:  Pune
