





































 
 

ANUSHA UPRETI 
 

      Mobile No. 9574968046 
 

            Email ID: Upretianusha@gmail.com 
 
 
 
 
Summary 
 
 
A Self-motivated, dynamic professional with diverse credentials which combine, Employee 
Engagement, Technical/Corporate Recruitment and human resources expertise with a strong 
business background, an ability to work collaboratively, and a commitment to achieving corporate 
goals. 
 
I’m focused on developing efficient processes using knowledge of recruiting, employee relations, 
sourcing, interviewing, short listing, training and development and auditing. I’m holding 2+ year of 
an experience in IT staffing Industry with a strong understanding of all the recruitment and HR 
terminologies. 
 
Highlights 
 
 

 Corporate/ Technical Recruitment 
 Employee Engagement / Employee Relations 
 Communication 
 IT Staffing/Recruitment 
 Sourcing/Interviewing 
 Salary Negotiation 
 Documentation 
 On- Boarding 
 Giving Welcome/Induction calls 
 Quality Assurance 

 
 
 
 
 

STRENGTHS & CORE COMPETENCIES 
 

∙ Persuasive, solution-oriented communicator with highly effective motivational skills.  
 

∙ Superior ability to assemble talented teams and devise effective recruiting strategies, 
coupled with strong negotiation and problem-solving skills.  

 
∙ Coordinating with the client and internal teams to understand the requirement well.  

 



∙ Effective Sourcing using the portals and LinkedIn.  
 

∙ Scheduling and taking the telephonic interviews for various internal positions.  
 

∙ Participated in New employee orientation activities, welcome and induction calls, follow 
ups with the candidates regarding their salary and other HR related queries.  

 
∙ My positive attitude towards a change is my biggest strength.  

 
∙ Holding a good experience with an IT Staffing firm that serves all the fortune 500 clients.  

 
∙ Willingness to learn new terminologies, concepts and processes in order to grow 

myself.  
 

Experience 
 
Collabera TACT:  
 
Working as a Corporate Recruiter in CollaberaTACT since Nov’2017 till now. 
 
Responsible  for END to END Recruitment. 
 

 Involved in IT requirements & close junior, middle & senior level positions. 
 

 Having good exposure in permanent & contractual staffing. 
 

  Understand the technicalities of the requirement and analyse the requirements. 
 

 Sourcing candidates through Networking, Reference and Job Portals. 
 

 Initial screening of the resumes as per the requirements / telephonic screening, 
briefing the candidates about the job profile, salary package, organization, etc. 

 

 Identifying candidates with right skills to match the client requirements. 
 

 Short-listing quality candidates based on requirement. 
 

 Responsible for taking the F2F interview of the shortlisted candidates & finalize 
them. 

 

 Responsible for all joining formalities for newly hired employees & maintain their 
documents and creating their personal files... 

 

 To take care training session of the employees for guiding & motivating them 
whenever it requires. 
 

  Organizing employee engagement programs like Festival celebrations. 
 



 Preparing, maintaining, and updating MIS reports. 
 

 Follow up with the candidates till Joining. 
 

 Documentation process for the new joiners. 
 
 
Collabera Technologies Pvt. Ltd:  
 
As an Employee Relations Executive (Sept’16 to Oct’17) 
 

 Conducting new employee orientation to foster positive attitude towards organizational 
objectives.  

 

 Conducting telephone and onsite exit interviews for all employees.  
 

 Explaining human resources policies and procedures to all employees.  
 

 Answering employee questions during the entrance and exit interview processes.  
 

 Assessed employee performance and issued disciplinary notices.  
 

 Generated employee tracking reports each month.  
 

 Sourcing appropriate candidate as per the IT industry’s requirement.  
 

 Scheduling interviews with the client.  
 

 Making sure, that the resource has on-boarded successfully and the documentation, 
orientation and background check has been done properly.  

 

 Learning and exploring many other new technologies in the field of recruitment.  
 

 Holding a good experience in sourcing and screening in IT Industry.  
 
 
Effective Teleservices PVt. Ltd:  

 
I have worked as a Quality Analyst at Etech from October 2015 to September 2016.  

 
Profile Description 
 
 

 Monitored new trends and technologies as they applied to audit areas.  
 

 Planned and executed operational audits of various business areas using risk-based audit 
methodology.  

 

 Tested the design and effectiveness of internal controls by completing walk-throughs  

 Completed regulatory, pre-implementation and risk-based audits to achieve business 
objectives.  



 
 

Academic Records 
 

EXAM/DEGREE YEAR OF BOARD/UNIVERSI PERCENTA 

 PASSING TY GE 

              B. TECH (C.S) 
 2015 R.T.U 

74% 
 

SENIOR 2011 C.B.S.E 64% 

SECONDARY    
    

HIGHER 2009 C.B.S.E 89.9% 

SECONDARY    
    

 
 
 
 
Additional Skills    

 

 Graduated with Honours.  
 

 Very passionate and energetic towards my work.  
 

 Participated in many cultural events at school level.  
 

 Ability to work in new and challenging environment.  
 

 Believe in Team Work.  
 

 I stay positive in each and every situation.  
 

 I believe in honesty and hard work. 
 

 I’m a very humble and self motivated person. 
 

 I always try to bring a better and smarter version of myself.  
 
 
 
 
DECLARATION 
 
 

I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated here in above are true, 
correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 
 
Anusha Upreti 



 
 
 
 
 



 
 


