










































AAddiittii  DDwwiivveeddii  
C 802 Runwal pearl Dhokali Naka Thane West - 400607   Mumbai    Phone: +91 9004090260    

aditi.dubey28@gmail.com 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/aditi-dwivedi-033929144/ 

 
 

 

Application Development Team Lead 
 

Experienced Technical Team Lead with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology 

and services industry. Skilled in Java Enterprise Edition, Core Java, Adobe Experience Manager, 

Hibernate, Spring and Web Development. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor's 

degree. 

 10 years of IT industry experience in development of software as Application Development 

Team/Technical Lead using java j2ee Spring platform using waterfall as well as agile 

methodology. Currently working on AEM6.2 and search & Promote from past 2 years. 

 Expert Level experience with  

o Development of large/small Enhancement/New Development/Maintenance projects. 

o Managing Team, helping the team for technical/design issues.  

o Managing client/delivery/3rd party expectations while building engaging relationships. 

o Maintain the quality of product and always meet the timelines. Deliver the error free code. 

o Working in London with client as an onshore team lead and managing the majority module 

of a project. 

 Managed projects for the largest telecom provider in USA in multiple programs and for the largest 

mobile sailing e commerce site UK. 

 
 

Technology Skills 
 

 Java/J2EE 

 Spring framework/ Spring Boot 

 Webservices 

 Hibernate 

 MySQL, MongoDB 

 AEM 6.2, 6.3 

 JBOSS Server, apache Tomcat , 

websphere 

 HTML, Javascript, Jquery, Angular 

 IDE- Eclipse, weblogic, STS 

 Technical Trainer 

 
 

Recent Awards 
 

SCJP Certified with 93% 

Award for Delivery (IBM), 2011 

Multiple Star of the month Award (Accenture), 2013- till date 

Tech Star Award for showing technically sound skills (Accenture), 2017 

ACE Award for Q4 (Accenture Celebrates Excellence award), 2017 

Top Ranking among Billing Cluster (IBM, Accenture), till date 

Appreciated by UK Client for ecommerce web development (Accenture), 2016- 2017 

 
 

Professional Experience 
 

ACCENTURE SERVICES PVT LTD, Mumbai, IN  

Application Development Team Lead , 9/2013 to Present 

Major responsibilities that I had in my role involve development of projects using AEM6.2/CQ5 server and 

handling the project till it delivers successfully to client. That includes requirement understanding with 

client. Worked on estimations and technical design for modules. Did code reviews and helped team 

technically for AEM understanding, dispatcher cache, AKAMAI setup, performance tuning. Worked as a 

key member in release post deployment activities that includes monitoring of system, maintenance.  

mailto:aditi.dubey28@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/aditi-dwivedi-033929144/


AAddiittii  DDwwiivveeddii Page 2    Phone: +91 90049090260 
 

Supported warranty and delivered successfully. 

 

Selected Accomplishments: 

o Technical Design the system flows. 

o Managed the team for delivery and assign the module to each team members based on the 

individual capability. 

o Helped business to understand the modern technology and use it with ease. 

 

 

NPCI (National Payment Corporation of India), Mumbai, IN  

Assistant Manager, 1/2013 to 9/2013 

Major responsibilities that I had in my role involve Managing of team and providing solutions to technical 

issues. 

 

IBM India Pvt. Ltd. In Global Business Services Division, Bangalore, IN 

Application Developer, 10/2010 to 12/2012 

Worked for US based client, on ecommerce website which used to manage the billing process for non-US 

countries. My key role was to build the whole flow for non-US countries, as it involves the separate set of 

rule and legal conceptions. I had Develop the new flow for this concept using java j2ee and webservices, 

used MVC three tier architecture, Lead the team and help the team members in technical/logical issues, 

Manage the whole testing phase, Resolve the issues in minimum time limit, Maintain the quality of 

product, Act as an architecture for this project and design the entire system flow, this includes the design 

and optimized coding. 

 

Torry Harris Business Solutions, Bangalore, IN 

Software Engineer, 8/2007 to 7/2010 

Major responsibility was to develop project tin JAVA j2EE and deliver it error free. Was part of team and 

contributed individually. 

  
 

Skills 

 
 Corporate Communications  

 Creative Team Leadership 

 Web & Print Content Development 

 Innovation contirbutor 

 Development of Training Materials  

 New Product Launch 

 Post Release 

Deployment/Warranty Support 

 

 
 

Education 
 

Year Examination / Degree Institute Performance 

2007 B.E.  Barkatullah University Bhopal –MP 76.78 % 

2003 CBSE (Class XII) Maharishi Vidya Mandir, Bhopal. 65.2 % 

2001 CBSE (Class X) Kendriya Vidyalaya No 1 Bhopal, MP 66.6 % 

 

B.E. Specialization – Majors in Information Technology   

 
 


