













































Resume


 

1 | P a g e  o f  2  

 

Sk. Mohin Uddin        

 +91 (0)9230227576  
   skmohin.uddin@yahoo.com 

Address: Bankra Telipara, Howrah - 711403 

  

Career Objective  ::  Seeking to lead the finance function of a company with global repute. 

Technical Qualification  ::  CIA Plus course from ICA (Course Duration 1 year) 

IT Proficiency    ::  Hands on experience in SAP, HFM, BlackLine, MS-Office, Tally ERP. 9 
 

OOrrggaanniizzaattiioonnaall  EExxppeerriieenncceess    

 

Present Engagement: Since November 2015 with Genpact as Process Associate (in the R2R domain). 

Key Result Areas: 

 Automation: Developed 4 excel macro enabled template for process activities to save 96 hours yearly 

production time. 

 MDM: Managing master data of CO object in SAP PS Module as a single point contact for the client. 

 General Accounting: Computation & Posting of accrual and actual entries to do the period closing. 

 Reconciliation: Generated P&L credit impact of € 252K through balance sheet account reconciliations 

and excellent sub-ledger to GL knowledge. 

 Statutory Reporting and System Interface: VAT Reporting and HFM data interface. 

 

Corporate  Accolades: 

 Lean Trained, Tested and Certified. Applied 5s Lean methodology to save 36 hours production time. 

 Actively engaged in the role of Training SPOC and #TAG Captain.  

 Attended the training programmes like: 

 Presentation skills 

 Time Management  

 Advanced Excel Training 

Achievement: 

Three times Bronze awarded for exemplary performance and demonstration of corporate values.  

Prior Engagement: Feb’15 to Aug’15 with a renowned MBA college, IITrade as an Accounts  Executive. 

Key Result Areas: 

 Looked after the preparation of overall financial statement of the college. 

 Ensure compliance with various applicable laws and statutes. 

 Created and maintained a database in Tally ERP. 9 and MS excel. 

 Handled payment as well as collection cycle. 

mailto:skmohin.uddin@yahoo.com


 

2 | P a g e  o f  2  

 

 

 

 

AAccaaddeemmiicc  CCrreeddeennttiiaallss        

  

Examination Name Of The Institution % of Marks 
Year Of 

Passing 

University/ 

Board 

B.Com (Honours in 

Financial Accounting) 
Narasinha Dutt College 63 2014 

Calcutta 

University 

Higher Secondary 
Makardah Bamasundari 

Institution 
76 2011 W.B.C.H.S.E. 

Secondary 
Makardah Bamasundari 

Institution 
60 2009 W.B.B.S.E. 

  

PPeerrssoonnaall  DDeettaaiillss  

  

Core Competencies  ::  Curious to learn, enthusiastic and self-motivator. 

Date of Birth  :: 5th of August 1992 

Languages Known  ::  English, Hindi and Bengali  

Strengths : Strong analytical abilities and problem-solving skills. 

 

 
 

Date –                                                  Initials -                                     .       
 

          Sk Mohin Uddin 

Place –                                                                             
 

    

   PPrrooffeessssiioonnaall  NNeettwwoorrkk 
     
    

    

Web link 

   

http://www.linkedin.com/in/sk-mohin-uddin/ 

 

http://www.linkedin.com/in/sk-mohin-uddin/
http://www.linkedin.com/in/sk-mohin-uddin/

