

























 

Priyanka Aitha 

                                                                                        Mail: aithapriyanka062@gmail.com 

                                                                                        Mobile: +91 9849868321 

OBJECTIVE: 

A true professional who wants new challenges with unsurpassed career growth in a             
leading organization. Comfortable in a fast-paced, agile-driven environment with a          
willingness to learn new technologies while enhancing my technical skills to add value using              
my capability and to work for the benefit of the organization. 

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY: 

● 1 year of experience in ​J2SE, JAVA EE​ technologies and in ​INSURANCE​ domain. 

● Working experience with java frameworks like ​Spring Core. 

● Good knowledge on java frameworks like ​Spring-MVC, Spring security​. 

● Extensive experience in server installation, configuration, deployment, performance 
Optimization. 

● Good programming knowledge with Object Oriented Methodology. 

● Hands on experience in Client-Server communication with ​MVC​ architecture. 

● Strong technical and problem-solving skills. 

● Good team player and quick adaptability to latest technologies. 

● Exposure in Windows based environments. 

EXPERIENCE: 

● Working as Java developer at ​EBIX Software India PVT Ltd from May 2017 to till               
date. 

EDUCATION: 

● Bachelor of Technology​ from Kakatiya University in 2017. 

● Intermediate M.P.C from Board of Intermediate Education in Nri Junior College during            
the period 2011-2013. 

● S.S.C from Board of Secondary Education in Kerala English Medium High School in the              
year 2011. 

TECHNICAL SKILLS: 

Languages : JAVA, SQL. 

Java Technologies : JEE (JDBC, Servlet, JSP) 

Application Frameworks : Spring, Spring boot. 



 

Presentation Tier Framework : Servlet, Spring MVC. 

Databases : Oracle 10g, My Sql. 

Development Tools : Eclipse 3.5, STS 3.4 

Application Servers : Apache Tomcat and JBoss 7.1. 

Tools : Postman. 

Web Technologies : HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery. 

Operating Systems : Windows, Linux. 

PROJECTS SUMMARY 

Project#1: Merrill Lynch 

Duration:​ May 2017 to till date. 

Team Size: 19 

Description: 

Merrill Lynch is a wealth management division of Bank of America, handles all the              
investment operations. This is a new business application all the way from case-setup to              
issue, interfacing with several internal and external Systems along the process to ensure             
seamless new business processing. This application is basically a distributed insurance           
exchange models which can be served for Bank of America account holders.  

Some of the significant features of this project mentioned below: 

• Insurance Exchange Model. 

• Integration with various Carrier and ML systems. 

• Ml TPP application to facilitate the admin to manage the requirements from a single 
 dash board. 

• Processing of cases based on the case type i.e. Formal or Informal. 

• Maintenance of multiple insurance companies in a single application. 

 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

✓ Analyzing the functional requirements obtained from the client. 

✓ Involved in build release process to internal QA team.  

✓ Writing and debugging java code using STS 3.4. 

✓ Delivering the appropriate version to on-site Team. 

✓ Worked on forms and templates Modules.  



 

✓ Implemented DAOS in Data Access Layer. 

✓ Implemented Caching layer for the application. 

✓ Implemented requirements module. 

✓ Part of the core product technical team. 

Environment: 

Jdk 1.7, Jsp 2.0, Spring 4.3, MySQL, XML, JBoss 7.1, HTML, Javascript, AJAX. 

DISCLAIMER: 

I hereby declare that the above-furnished details are true according to the best of my 
knowledge. 

Place:  
Date: 

                                                                                                                              Regards, 
      Priyanka Aitha 


