








































 

 
 

1D- 512, MHADA, Cotton Green, Mumbai
  

7011343419
 renuarora.aiims@gmail.com

To utilize my research oriented scientific skills to 
understand, analyze and comprehend complex preclinical 
and clinical data/ information.

All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi
Senior Research Fellow
1/01/2014 - 31-03-2016
To design and perform experiment for evaluation priclinical 
toxicology and efficacy of ayurvedic formulations in rat 
models.

 To compile and analyze experimental data for statistical 
significance.

 To prepare and publish reports.
 All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi

Senior Research Fellow
16/08/2011 - 31/12/2013
To plan and conduct the experiments for evaluation of 
safety and efficacy of Ayurvedic formulations containing 
heavy metals both in preclinical models and clinical cases.

 To perform calibration and standardisation of methods 
followed including preparation of SOPs, Calibration Reports 
etc.

 Data compiling and analysis, Reporting and Publication of 
Research articles.
NSIT, Dwarka sector 10, New Delhi
Lecturer (Part Time)
14/02/2011 - 30/05/2011
Teaching theory and conduct practical classes on 
pharmaceutical subjects for D. pharm students.

RENU ARORARENU ARORA

CAREERCAREER  
OBJECTIVEOBJECTIVE

EXPERIENCEEXPERIENCE



5 years

3 years

Meerabai Institute of Technology, Maharani Bagh, New 
Delhi
Lecturer (Part Time)
August 2010 - May 2011
To conduct theory and practical classes of different 
pharmaceutical subjects for D Pharmacy students

Pharmacology
Clinical research
Scientific writing
Regulatory guidelines
Medical writing
Preclinical research
Data Analysis
Biostatistics
MS office

Evaluation of different extract of Bacopa monnieri, Centella 
Asiatica & Withania somnifera and their combination for 
Alzheimer's Disease: in vitro and in vivo experimental 
study
The effect of diifferent types of extracts of all three 
herbs have been compared in experimental models of 
memory loss.The role of known active or major group of 
constituents in each herb was explored through various in 
vitro and in vivo methods. A battery of in vitro tests 
including both enzyme and non enzyme based assays was 
used. In vivo evaluation was done in acute and chronic 
models of memory impairment. Scopolamine induced 
amnesia was used as acute while Aluminium chloride 
induced dementia was used as chronic model. 
Combination Best extract of each herb was then

Effect of traditionally used Ayurvedic Rasa aushadhies on 
renal and hepatic function: a clinical and experimental 
study
Rasa aushadhies are herbometallic formulations or 
HMF(based on mercury) used in Rasa shastra, a branch of 
Ayurveda. Due to mercury content, issues regarding safety 
and toxicity of these medicines were a serious concern in 
recent years. To address such issues, this project was 
designed wherein safety profiles of these medicines was 
assessed in experimental and clinical (restrospectively) 

TECHNICALTECHNICAL  
SKILLSSKILLS

PROJECTSPROJECTS



3 year

6 Months

situations, through assessment of hepatic and renal 
functions and mercury content in body tissues.

 
Pharmacological evaluation of herbomineral formulations 
traditionally used in prophylaxis of migraine.
Herbomineral formulations are being used in 
prophylaxis of migraine. However there mechanism of 
action was unknown.So to elucidate the pharmacological 
mechanism for observed efficacy, reverse pharmacological 
approach have been used.

Role of KMP-11 antigen exposed Dendritic cells in 
modulation of signal transduction function and immunity 
during Visceral Leishmaniasis.
KMP-11 ( Kinetoplast if membrane protein-11) is 
surface protein of a parasite Leishmania donovani, which is 
responsible for the causation of Visceral leishmaniasis 
(VL). To design a vaccine against VL, dendritic cells as 
antigen presentating cells were used. Cytokines (IL-10, IL-
12, IFN - gamma,etc ) release profile of KMP-11 primed DCs 
was assessed.

Qualified AIIMS Entrance Exam for Ph.D. in 2012
Qualified NIPER-JEE for Masters in pharmacy in 2008
Qualified GATE in 2007, with AIR 1745
Topped the entrance exam for lateral entry in B Pharmacy, in 
2005
Awarded with TROPHY and MERIT CERTIFICATE by DELHI 
PHARMACY COUNCIL, in 2005
Awarded as BEST STUDENT OF DEPARTMENT, in 2005.

Date of Birth : 06-09-1985

Marital Status : Married

Nationality : Indian

Known Languages : English, Hindi

ACHIEVEMENTSACHIEVEMENTS  
& AWARDS& AWARDS

PERSONALPERSONAL  
PROFILEPROFILE



Date :  07-10-2018
 

Place : Mumbai

 
 

RENU ARORA
 
 
 

1:Arora R, Kumar R, Agarwal A, Reeta KH, Gupta YK. 
Comparison of three different extracts of Centella asiatica 
for anti-amnesic, antioxidant and anticholinergic activities: 
in vitro and in vivo study.Biomed. 
Pharmcother.2018;105:1344-1352.

 

PUBLICATIONSPUBLICATIONS


