










































 
 
 

                      Amit Kumar Ghosh 
BFS Professional: US Mortgage, Property and Transaction Analyst (Digital Ops- 
Business Analyst- Senior Associate); Former I.T.E.S Professional: Medical Coder  

                             Mobile: 8961122455  
                             Email: me.ammy19@gmail.com  
 
 
OBJECTIVE 

To work as a property, transaction analyst and as a subject matter expert in u.s mortgage, as a part 

of dynamic working team ambiance of banking & finance domain with a scope of progress where I 

could make a significant contribution while developing my skills. A suitable position in the service 

delivery/operations domain in a corporate dealing in outsourced processes. 

 
PERSONAL SUMMARY 

A bright, talented and self-motivated data analyst who has excellent organizational skills, is highly 

efficient and has extensive experience of assisting in the development and upgrading of database 

systems and analytical techniques. Able to play a key role in analyzing problems and come up with 

creative solutions as well as producing methodologies and files for effective data management. A 

quick learner who can absorb new ideas and can communicate clearly and effectively. Gaining 

knowledge on six sigma and Lean six sigma. Playing supporting role of acting Six Sigma Green Belt 

under supervision. 

 
WORK EXPERIENCE  

 

Senior Process Executive at Cognizant Technology Solution- Kolkata, West Bengal-September 

2017 to Present. Preparing and collating Data for the associates. Giving floor support prior work for 

me as I am the one of the core member of KBT (Knowledge Building Team). Client certified trainer 

and gives training to the new joiners. Observing the Day to Day activity and making report for the 

management. Various responsibility like making MTD, Shrinkage, PVI, Inventory with the help of TL 

to do things for me. Supporting TL in numerous adhoc support for process related requirement. 

 

Process Executive at Cognizant Technology Solution- Kolkata, West Bengal-August 2016 to 

September 2017. All the knowledge of U.S Mortgage and deed, government and non-government 

loans, Title Company, escrow accounts and credit bureaus. Attending Client call for feedback. Giving 

training on various subtype as a certified trainer. Meeting the TAT, observing SLA and quality part. 

Taking team huddle after client confirmation. Financial support and property analyst. Specialist in U.S 

property evaluation and property issue with the solution. 

 

Project Associate at DCG Data core- Salt Lake City, West Bengal-June2015 to August 2016.  

I am predominantly skilled in Medical Coding (ICD 10) and have acquired in-depth knowledge in the 

transformation of healthcare diagnosis, procedures, medical services, and equipment into universal 

medical alphanumeric codes during my professional career.  

I am proficient in MS Office Suite tools like MS Office, MS Excel, MS Power point, MS Paint, etc. and 

& Internet Applications. 

 

 

 

 

 

 



PROJECT EXPERIENCE 

 

Client- A Leading Pharma Client (Reimbursement Technology Inc.) in USA   
Project Name-  Medical Coding  
Location : Block- DG, Sector – II, plot- 4 , Salt Lake City, Kolkata-700091  

Duration  June, 2015 to August, 2016  

Technology  Medical Coding (ICD 10)-Citrix Receiver, MS Office 2010  

Project 

Description  

  

  

As a medical coding and billing specialist, I am review patient medical records and assign codes to 
diagnoses and procedures performed so the facility can bill insurance and other third party payers 
(such as Medicare or Medicaid) as well as the patient. We use 2 different code set: ICD10 
(International Classification of Disease) and CPT (Current Procedural Terminology).  

Responsibilities  

 Analyse the requirements from healthcare diagnosis, procedures, medical services, and 
equipment  

 Prepare diagnoses and procedure codes from transcription of physician's notes, laboratory 
and radiologic results  

 Prepare and share weekly status reports to the stake holders.  
 Understanding the criticality of the case and judge based on the case study.  

Client-Leading Financial Services Company  
Project Name-  U.S. Mortgage Industry  
Location :Kolkata GTP-Bantala 

Duration  From August 2016 to till date  

Technology  
Netroline.com, SQL, SALESFORCE, Citrix Receiver, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Paint, Snipping 
Tools, PDF Reader and other client provided software’s. 

Project 

Description  

  

  

As a post-production data fixes specialist, I review customers and clients all the issues and problems, 
there disputed sales details, the table maintenance. Research and resolve the raised issue and 
problems for any correction and rerecorded products, sales piece, tax amount and other analytical 
problems.  

Responsibilities  

 Analyse the problems and fix the issue. Research and resolve the raised issue and problems 
for any correction and rerecorded products, sales piece, tax amount and other analytical 
problems.  

 Processed deed of trust, all types of deeds documents and mortgages for clients.  
 Prepare and share weekly status reports to the U.S. Clients and Customers.  

 

DUTIES 

 Manipulating, cleansing & processing data using Excel, Access and SQL. 
 Responsible for loading, extracting and validation of client data.  
 Liaising with end-users and 3rd party suppliers. 
 Data entry, data auditing, creating data reports & monitoring all data for accuracy. 
 Analyzing raw data, drawing conclusions & developing recommendations.  
 Writing T-SQL scripts to manipulate data for data loads and extracts.  
 Developing data analytical databases from complex financial source data. 
 Handling CRM, Client call, Taking Huddle and floor support. 
 Designing, developing and implementing new functionality. 
 Monitoring the automated loading processes. 
 Advising on the suitability of methodologies and suggesting improvements. 
 Carrying out specified data processing and statistical techniques. 
 Supplying qualitative and quantitative data to colleagues & clients. 
 Performing daily system checks and maintain day to day activity. 
 Playing role of acting SME. 
 



STRENGTHS 

• Excellent analytical, problem-solving and decision making skills. 

• Sound knowledge of MS Office Suite (2years) & Internet Applications.  

• Advance Diploma in Information technology (2years).  

• Demonstrated sense of logic, decision making and problem resolution skills, attention to detail, 

commitment to quality of work & passion to learn and improvise. 

• Experience in working in Medical Coding (ICD 10). 

• Database administration Data Management Data cleaning SAS, SQL. 

• Enriched with Analytical, People skills, Evaluating skills. 

•Relational databases Database Marketing Data warehousing systems Data analysis. 

• Experience in translating business requirements into technical solution concepts and provide 

delivery as per the project lifecycle. 

• Experience in working in Country Website, Salesforce, and SQL and having Strong analytical 

power. 

 

EDUCATION 

 

Academic Qualification 

1. Masters of science in Zoology from Vidyasagar University - Kolkata, West Bengal in December 2015 with 
51.20%  
2. Bachelor of Science in Zoology from West Bengal State University – Kolkata, West Bengal in June 2013 with 
59.38%  
3. Class - XII from West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education, Kolkata in 2010 with 68.80%  
4. Class-X from West Bengal Board of Secondary Education, Kolkata in 2008 with 75.75%  
 

Technical  

Diploma in Information Technology Application from UYCTC in December 2014 with B+ grade 
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  

 Certificate in Gender and the Politics of Representation-9th and 10th February 2012.  
Re-writing Culture, Re-telling Narratives Participation; UGC Sponsored Two Day National Conference. 

 Certificate in Modular Employable Skills from UYCTC & National Council for Vocational Training- 

June 2014 to December2014. 

 Certification of ERT Emergency Rescue-January 2017 to December 2019. 

Certified in ERT and member of corporate Emergency Rescue Team. 

 Trained on Apollo’s lifesaving training.  

 Good enough knowledge of first aid Kit.  

 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

Date of Birth:19th Feb, 1993 
Language proficiency: English, Bengali & Hindi 
Marital Status: Single 
Gender: Male 
Permanent Address: 100 Kotrung Sitala Tala Lane 
P.O Hindmotor, D.T- Hooghly, Pin-712233 
Hobbies: Cooking, Reading Stories & Journal, Listening Music, Internet Surfing, Watching Movies & TV, playing 
Cricket and watching Soccer, Acting, Mimicry, Travelling and Home Work-out. 

 

 

 

DATE:      _____________________________  
  Signature 


