












































Resume


Resume 
 
• General information 
 
Name: Zoya Hafeaz Shaikh 
Contact details: 8888428101 
Email Id: zoyahafizshaikh@gmail.com 
 

• Ambition: 
 
My ambition is to work with the fastest growing organization. To add values to me and to the 
organization. Able to work on own initiative and as part of a team. 

 

• Skills: 
➢ Learning Ability and Effective Communication skills.  
➢ Self-motivation and Determined.  
➢ Hard working and Success Oriented. 
➢ Believe in unlocking customer insight. 
➢ Always very keen to learn and try to improve performance and take feedback positively. 
 
Qualification: B. Com from Pune University 
 
Computer knowledge: Microsoft Office such as Excel, Word, Power point. 

 

• Work Experience:  
 
1. Steria India Ltd -3 years 1 month 

 

• Designation: Process Associate. 
 

• Project: NHS-P2P (Purchase to Pay) 

 
• Job responsibilities: 

 
➢ Invoice processing. 
➢ Verifying the invoices matching them and releasing for payment.  
➢ Managing Invoice exceptions. 
➢ Resolving vendor’s queries, payment related discrepancies. 
➢ Communicating with the clients regarding discrepancies if any, with the invoices for payment 

run. 

➢ Updating the supplier ledger with help of invoices and emails. 
➢ Communicating with supplier to confirm the bank details before updating in the system for 

payment of invoices and try to deliver best possible service. 

➢ Communicating with clients for ledger updating procedure and upcoming updates for 
supplier. 

➢ Mailbox interacting with vendors and handling calls.  
➢ Interacting with client for process improvement plans. 
➢ Preparing daily reports for team performance. 

 
 



 
• Achievements: 
 
➢ Received Pat on Back award. 
 

• Trainings completed: 
 
➢ Time management 
➢ Communication skills 
➢ Assertiveness at work 
➢ Email Etiquettes 
 

2. Infosys – 1 year 9 months 
 

• Designation: Reporting Analyst. 
 

• Project: Telstra (Network Reporting) 
 

 

• Job responsibilities: 
 

➢ Preparing reports for clients Globally. (Asia, Japan & Korea, UK and US) 
➢ Analysis of fault ticket opened for past month and find out correct reason of outages and 

actioned performed to resolve the customer network issue.  
➢ Supporting Service Managers with high end reports to present to customers. 
➢ Producing weekly and monthly Simple and Complex reports which are customized. 
➢ Interacting with client to get brief idea of Networking issues. 
➢ Preparing reports in Word, Excel and PowerPoint as per the client requirement. 
➢ Presenting my views and idea regarding new report structure to clients. 
➢ Analyzing incidents and reporting them accordingly. 
➢ Presenting Network Availability in graphical view in the reports. 
➢ Preparing presentations for Quarterly and half yearly reviews. 
➢ Training new joiners and arranging their access for all applications. 

 

 

• Achievements: 
 
➢ Received Individual Extra Miler award. 
 
• Trainings completed: 
 
➢ Design Thinking 
➢ Customer Satisfaction 
➢ Certified Transaction Monitoring 
➢ Milestone 2.0 
➢ Analyzing data using Excel 

 
 
 
 

 



 
Address: 324, Gajanan Society, 
Sai Nagar, 
Near Saibaba Temple and State bank of India. Gahunje branch. 
Dehuroad. 
Pune-412101 
Email Address: zoyahafizshaikh@gmail.com 
 
 
Marital status: Married. 
 
Hobbies: Dance 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Declaration: The information given above is valid as per my knowledge. 
 

Date:                                                         Yours Faithfull 
 

Place: Pune                                                     Zoya Shaikh 

 


