














































 

 

Taranjot Singh 

Email ID: taranjotsingh18@gmail.com,   Mobile No.: +91-9988591856 

Communication Address: H. No.7, Street No 2, Gian Enclave, Near Beri colony, Dhandra 

Road, Dugri, Ludhiana, Punjab- 141013.

 

Career Objective 

 Seeking a challenging and rewarding opportunity with a well-known and reputed organization, 

which recognizes my true potential and effectively utilizes my excellent analytical and technical 

skills in IT industry. To secure a position with a well-established organization with a stable 

environment that will lead to a lasting relationship using my skillset. 

Professional Summary 

 14 months’ experience in web development in Promatics Technologies. 

 Excellent Interpersonal skills, outstanding problem solving and decision-making skills. 

 Clarifying project requirements through client meetings, calls and emails. 

 Providing technical help to my colleagues. 

 

Experiences 

Associate Web Developer, Promatics Technologies                        March 2017 – till Date 

Web Developer Trainee, Promatics Technologies                            Sept 2016 – Feb 2017 
 

Academic Qualifications 

 Masters, MCA, 2015 with 72.08% 

PCTE College (affiliated to P.T.U.), Ludhiana, Punjab 

 

 Bachelors, BCA, 2013 with 72.3% 

PCTE College (affiliated to P.T.U.), Ludhiana, Punjab 

 

 10+2 (Non-Medical), 2010 with 69.4% 

BCM School (C.B.S.E. Board), Ludhiana, Punjab 

 

 10th, 2008 with 76.8% 

Greenland Sr. Sec School (C.B.S.E. Board), Ludhiana, Punjab 

 

Technical Skills 

Programming Languages: PHP, Core Java 

      Databases:  MySQL 

      Scripting Languages: JavaScript 

Operating Systems: Ubuntu and Windows 

PHP Frameworks: Laravel 5 and Basics of Cakephp 3 

JavaScript Frameworks: jQuery 

Third Party APIs: Google Maps 

Payment Gateways: PayPal, Stripe, Authorize.net, M-Pesa, Razorpay 

mailto:taranjotsingh18@gmail.com
mailto:taranjotsingh18@gmail.com


 

 

 

 

Projects Summary 

 Elorides 

           Php-Framework:  Laravel 5.3 

Front-End: PHP5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, HTML5 

Back-End: MySQL 

Description:  To develop a website to make commute easier in Pune. Commuters are 

able to get a list of all stops that are in proximity to the location entered by them on 

website and can select one of the stops in the list displayed for commuting. Apart from 

above, Commuters will be able to view and buy subscription plans of buses on the 

website and track their bus’s location as well. 

 Rhlaty 

      Php-Framework:  Cakephp 3 

      Front-End: PHP5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, HTML5 

      Back-End: MySQL 

Description:  Rhlaty, is a project about Online booking of trips to Turkey and Istanbul. 

Users are able to book Trip's & Packages incl. Car with Driver and can also customise 

their packages/itinerary. Users are facilitated with Online payment mode for booking 

their trips along with the option to apply coupon code to get discounts while booking. 

 Destini 

      Php-Framework:  Laravel 5.2 

      Front-End: PHP5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, HTML5 

      Back-End: MySQL 

 Description:  Destini, is an audition orchestration and management platform for         

advertising and Movie casting agencies OR to Enterprise customers who want to hire 

Personnel for their companies. This platform is used to coordinate and manage their 

auditions/interviews online. This platform provides rich set of features to enable and 

streamline the selection process of potential actors/models. All of the orchestration of 

this process is done online, reducing the overall cost of the process. 

 Talapiat 

      Php-Framework:  Laravel 5.3 

      Front-End: PHP5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, HTML5 

      Back-End: MySQL 

Description:  This project was confined to development of an app to post/publish an 

advertisement regarding jobs, services and electrical devices etc. In this app users can 

message each other regarding posts published in the app. Therefore, a proper 

message module was developed, which also included push notifications sent to users.  



 

 

 

 

 MillionOpporunities 
 

      Php-Framework:  Laravel 5.3 

      Front-End: PHP5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, HTML5 

      Back-End: MySQL 

Description:  This project aimed to connect people with events, jobs, goods & 

services, properties, motor and lost & found and other opportunities near their location 

and abroad. This project enabled the people to advertise, buy and sell their products 

and services easily. 

Academic Projects 

 

 MCA Project during 6 months’ internship from January, 2015 to June, 2015 

PHP - Online shopping website for mobile, tablets and their accessories. 

 MCA Project – 4th Semester, Sept 2014 

PHP - Employee Content Management System (ECMS) to manage the employee 

details. 

 MCA Project – 4th Semester, Nov 2014 

WordPress - College project on e-commerce based website. 

 BCA Project – Final Semester project from January, 2013 to March, 2013 

PHP - Web site on Car details. 

Trainings 

 In Java (Core Java & Java J2ee) from Auribises Technologies Pvt. Ltd (July, 2015 – 

December, 2015). 

 In PHP from InfoTechZone Pvt. Ltd (January, 2015 – June, 2015). 
 

Activities and Interests 

 To Play and watch cricket. 

 To Gather information about upcoming gadgets. 

 To Swim. 

Achievements 

 Represented college & School cricket team in 2012 & 2007 respectively. 

 Prefect for 2 years in school from 2006 to 2008. 

 Got 3rd prize in 400 X 4 relay race in 2006. 

 Got 3rd prize in three leg race in 2006. 

 

Languages Known 

 English, Hindi and Punjabi - R/W/S proficiency 

 

Personal Data 

 Date of Birth:  August 18, 1991 

 Sex:   Male 

 Status:  Single 

 Citizen:  Indian 


