














































MANJUNATH SRIPADARAO manjunaths@gmail.com 
Phone: +919482501804 

OBJECTIVE 

Technical architect with 13+ years industry experience and 3+ years experience in 
Artificial Intelligence/Deep Learning. 

 

EXPERIENCE: 
Technical Expert                                                           2015 - Present 
Technical Specialist                                                  2012 - 2015 

 

Key Technologies/Skills: 

 Tensorflow/Keras, Pytorch, Caffe 

 CUDA, CUDNN, NCCL 

 Horovod 

 Python, C++ and Haskell 

HPE –Product R&D Labs Bangalore 

 
 AI & Deep Learning (Global Strategy group at HPE) 

o Experience with building and training Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks 

(RNN/LSTM). 

o Hands-on experience with building Deep Learning models using Pytorch, Keras and Tensorflow. 

o Worked on solutioning verticals such as computer vision, natural language processing, speech 

recognition, sentiment analysis, neural machine translation (NMT, Seq2seq) and object detection (RPN). 

o Scaling studies and analysis of Tensorflow across a cluster of GPU servers. 

o Exposure to traditional machine learning algorithms (Random Forest, Linear Regression, SVM) for 

exploratory data analysis, feature selection and feature engineering using Scikit-learn. 

 Benchmarking of Deep Learning and HPC codes on CPU and GPU clusters 

o Designed and created frameworks for scheduling of containerized Deep Learning apps on an HPC cluster 

with cloud like interface. 

o Designed a performance benchmarking framework for HPC and Deep Learning codes. 

o Experience in exploratory analysis of HPC and Deep Learning codes on specialized platforms such as 

DSPs, GPUs and ARM CPUs. 

o Experience benchmarking and bootstrapping Deep Learning codes and frameworks on AMD GPUs with 

MiOpen. 

o Experience with scaling Deep Learning frameworks on clusters using, verbs, MPI and technologies such 

as NCCL and GPUDirect RDMA. 

 High-Performance Computer Graphics/Visualization and Virtual Reality 

o Master of science in Virtual Reality, Computer Graphics and Computer Vision 

o Programmed in OpenGL, OpenSG, SGI Performer and OpenSceneGraph libraries 

o Authored software such Paracomp (paracomp.sf.net) and VizStack (vizstack.sf.net) for parallel 

visualization and administration, configuration and managing graphics resources. 

o Experience with modeling programs such as Blender and Maya® 

mailto:manjunaths@gmail.com


o Experience with stereo 3D displays, multi-headed displays, 3d projectors and head-mounted displays 

(HMD). 

 
Responsible for bootstrapping the engineering side of Artificial Intelligence/Deep Learning business – Working 

on developing reference designs for various domains from the past 3 years(Imaging, NLP etc.,). This task includes 

the bring-up of the entire OS stack, specifically aimed at AI/DL, from ground-up on a multi-node GPU cluster. It also 

includes creation of training material for field and integration teams.  

Lead the Projects to create a Reference Architecture (RA) for AI/DL solutions. These RAs were in areas such as 

Image Classification, Objection Detection, Natural Language Processing, Video Analytics etc., 

Responsible for large RFP response for Deep Learning hardware – Worked on deals for large MNCs of the 

hardware requirement of 100 to 1000 nodes. Technical consulting on benchmarks and datasets to run at scale. 

Helped with framework and network models related questions during the engagement with customers. 

Lead the project to create an AI as a Service (AiaaS) on HPE hardware. This project was a click to launch interface 

for provisiong and deploying Tensorflow and Caffe based docker instances accessible via the web-browser. 

Lead the Indian License Plate Detection project to showcase an AI based solution on HPE platform to customers. 

This initiative was concieved and executed end-to-end by me. This helps showcase the core (GPU servers) and 

edge (IoT devices) requirements for training and deploying deep neural networks. 

Responsible for applications enablement on next generation HPE IoT platforms (HPE Moonshot program) - The 

responsibilities included coming up with benchmarks in the domain of 3D rendering, signal processing (FFT) and 

video encoding/decoding on the ARM32, ARM64, DSP and GPU/OpenCL platform for IoT. 

Responsible for scientific applications enablement and characterization for large HPC RFPs – Involved with 

porting and performance study of HPC applications (QE, CPMD, LAMMPS etc.,) for large deals (> 100 servers). 

Worked-on synthetic workloads for measuring system characteristics (HPL, HPCC, OSU …). 

 
 
Systems Engineer II                                                            2007-2012 
Systems Engineer I                                                             2004-2007 
 
Designed and developed, VizStack, a GPU scheduling and provisioning framework 
Designed and built a framework for managing all the special components of visualization clusters with large 
displays, display extenders and integrated job scheduling and management capability. 
Designed and developed Paracomp 
The GPU Parallel Compositing library for HPC Visualization clusters was built to enable visualization of large 3D and 
volume datasets by distributing the workload onto multiple GPUs across machines. 
 
 
EDUCATION 
Master of Science in Computer Science                             July 2002 
University of Illinois at Chicago. 
 
Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical and Electronics     Sept 1999 
Rashtriya Vidyalaya College of Engineering (RVCE), 
Bangalore University, India. 
 

Simulation of Structured Deformable Objects in Virtual Reality (Cloth/Soft Body Simulation) − Master’s Research 
Project. Designed and developed a library for Physically Based, Soft−body simulation in Virtual Reality 



Environment. The library was designed in C++ to be fully cross−platform compatible and specifically for simulation 
in the CAVE. 
Pattern recognition using Neural Networks – Master’s Project These were a series of projects done to gain 
experience in pattern recognition and the working of Neural Networks as part of Neural Networks course. Various 
neural networks and traditional algorithms were used to investigate solutions for problems in the late 1990s 
(Hopfield, Radial Basis Networks and SVMs). 
Implementation of flocking behavior based on Boids − This was the final project in Advanced Computer Animation 
in which an OpenGL based application was implemented in C++, which implemented flocking behavior. 
3D Pong in CAVE − A game designed as part of Advanced Computer Animation course to gain experience in 
Physically Based Modeling, a 3D version of pong was implemented in virtual reality in C++. 
Bow and Arrow game in Virtual Reality − This was the main project in Virtual Reality which was designed to help 
us learn the use advanced libraries like OpenGL Performer, CAVE library and YG (Internal to EVL) and hardware 
such as Head Tracker and 3D Wand. 
Design and Implementation of a Prototype, DRAM based, Specialty Memory Module using EPLD (Erasable and 
Programmable Logic Device) − Bachelor’s Research project. Designed a low−cost and high capacity, DRAM based, 
alternative to commercially available SRAM FIFO Memory Modules used in Data Acquisition Systems (DASs). The 
final module was specifically tailored to acquire data from Radio Telescope Arrays. 
 


