









































 

                RAJESH.R                                                                                            rajesh.r8666@gmail.com 

                                                           +917204737044  
 

 

Career Objective: 

Looking forward to be associated with an organization that offers me scope to apply my knowledge, 
skills and keeping me up to date of all the professional issues and evolve me as a best professional 
through my career. 

Professional Summary:  

 Having  1+ Years of IT experience in Manual Testing . 
 
 Working  as a Trainee test engineer from past  1 year. 

 Hands on Experience on writing ,  executing and reviewing the test cases.  

 Experience in complete project life cycle from analysis to implementation, testing and 
reporting status every week. 

 Strong Knowledge in SDLC, STLC, black box testing, smoke testing, Functional,  
Integration, system, Exploratory, Acceptance and Regression testing.  

 Expertise in identifying Defects. 

 Experienced in testing web based health care applications. 

 
Experience: 

 Working as a Trainee Test Engineer for APPSOURCE SERVICES PVT LTD Bangalore from 
August 2016-to till date. 

 
Education: 
 

 B.E. (Industrial Engineering and management) from Sri Siddhartha  Institute of 
Technology , Tumkur in 2015 with 72%. 
 

Technical skills: 

Programming Languages  :  Core Java 

Software Testing                    : Manual Testing and Selenium (learning)  

Database              : SQL 

mailto:rajesh.r8666@gmail.com


Project  1: Dentrack 

Client    : “Indecomm Global Solutions” 
Technologies   : ASP.NET,ADO.NET,SQL,HTML,CSS,JavaScript,C#,Bootstrap,Angularjs 
Team Size   : 4 
Role    : Test Engineer 
Description   : 
    Dentrack is dental management system which is designed and built to meet all the 

requirements of a oral clinic and to help the dentist in managing their clinics in an effective manner. 

With just a few clicks the user can schedule faster. Using this it is possible to keep a track of a 

database for clinic like information about the patient like appointment schedule, personal records, 

previous medical records, treatment records, prescriptions, case reports . Dentrack is used for 

collecting, managing, saving, and retrieving medical information for the patients, and for creating 

reports for the patients. 

Responsibilities: 

 Involved in thorough system study using Requirement Specification Document. 
 Identified E2E scenarios, Written Test Cases for different Methodologies. 

 Performed Build Verification, Component, Integration and E2E Testing. 

 Participated in reviewing test cases. 

 Performed in all aspects of testing from Functional, Regression, Smoke/ Sanity, System 
testing and Adhoc testing. 

 Coordinating and interacting with development team 
 

Personal Information 

 Father’s Name  : Lt.Ranganath A B 
 Date Of Birth  : 30/04/1993  
 Gender   : male   

 Nationality  : Indian  

 Marital Status  : single 

 Language Known : English, Kannada,Hindi 

 

Declaration: 

  I declare that the above information are true to best of my knowledge. 

Date:            

Place: Bangalore    


