













































APPLICATION


 

 

 
PRABHAT KUMAR 

 Mobile No: +91-8431510145 
 E-mail:  prabhatrocks07@gmail.com  

 

Career Objective 

 

 Aspiring to build a strong career and work as a team member in a healthy and 
competitive environment implementing my skills, knowledge and intelligence that lead 
to the growth and development of the company and self. 

                                                                                                  

Professional Summary 
 

 Having 6 years of Experience in IT Industry in software development, 

implementation and on various web and Client/Server application. 

 My technological forte is Java/J2EE and I also have experience in Enterprise 

Application Integration. 

 Experience in using MVC (Model View Controller) architecture for developing 

applications using JSP, Java Beans and Servlets. 

 Experience in design and development of multi-tier applications using Java, J2EE, 

Spring, Hibernate, XML, Java Script, JQuery, JUnit.  

 Experience using Hibernate for mapping Java classes with database and configuring 

Hibernate persistence layer. 

 Hands on experience in development of Business layers using J2EE Design Patterns. 

 Worked on different Application and Web Servers like Apache Tomcat, JBoss and 

Weblogic.  

 Experienced in IDE and editors using Eclipse, STS. 

 Has got experience in interacting with databases like MYSQL and Oracle. 

 

Technical Proficiency 

Languages Java, SQL, XML, HTML 

Scripting Languages Java Script, JQuery 

Framework Struts, Spring MVC 

ORM Framework Hibernate 

RDBMS MySql5.0, Oracle-11g 

Web Technologies Java EE[J2EE, JEE5], JDBC, Servlet, JSP 

Web/Application Servers Apache Tomcat(6.0, 7.0), Weblogic(11g, 12c)  

IDE Eclipse(Helios, Indigo, Kepler & Juno), MyEclipse7.0, STS 

Version Control CVS, SVN, Tortoise SVN 

Web Designing HTML5, CSS3, Firebug 

Operating Systems          Windows XP/7/8, Mac OS X 

Build Management Tools Log4j , Apache Ant, Maven 

mailto:prabhatrocks07@gmail.com


 

 

Testing Tools JUnit4 

Other Tools Putty, WinSCP, JIRA 

 

Professional Experience 
 

 Working as Module Lead in Mindtree Limited from November 2013 till date. 

 Previously worked as a Software Associate for Exilant Technology Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore 

[May 2012-November 2013] and Antenna Software Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore [July 2011- 

Jan 2012]. 

 

Scholastic Profile 

Degree University Specialization 

B.Tech(2007-2011) CUSAT, Kochi, Kerala Computer Science  

 
 

Projects 

 

Project#1 Avis-Budget Ancillary Bundle Tier Discount 

Client Avis-Budget Group(ABG), USA 

Role Java Developer 

Duration Oct 2017 to  till date 

Team Size 10 

Environment Java8, Spring4, Web Service, Oracle 11g, Weblogic-12c 

Description ABG Ancillary Bundle Tier Discount project is to promote the sale of Ancillary 
products on step3 of reservation flow. It allows the customer to choose a discount 

packages by offering tiered percentage discount per number of items booked. 

 

Responsibilities  Developed code using Java8, Spring4, & Web Services. 
 Developed service and middle layer known as Web-API. 
 Developed CCRG code base for mainframe tags.  
 Developed the logic for Tier Bundle evaluation and discount calculation in 

Reservation service. It was one of the critical piece as it involves rate 
calculation from service end as well as mainframe end.  

 Coordinated well with AEM team & QA team for any query.  
 Responsible for build & deployment of Services & Web-API application. 

 

 

Project#2 Avis-Budget Simplified Registration 

Client Avis-Budget Group(ABG), USA 

Role Java Developer 

Duration Jan 2017 to  Sep 2017 

Team Size 15 

Environment Java8, Spring4, Web Service, Oracle 11g, Weblogic-12c 

Description The objective of the Simplified Registration project strives to improve, modernize 
and streamline the enrollment process by providing "quick registration" options 

through various points on the website in order to obtain more registered customers. 

 

Responsibilities  Developed code using Java8, Spring4, & Web Services. 
 Developed service and middle layer known as Web-API. 



 

 

 Developed Loyalty modules of API.  
 Also developed MPF flow which was one of the critical module. 
 Coordinated well with AEM team for any query.  
 Developed service for Update profile, Forgot Password flow. 
 Responsible for build & deployment of Services & Web-API application. 

 

 

Project#3 Avis-Budget Digital Revenue Optimization 

Client Avis-Budget Group(ABG), USA 

Role Java Developer 

Duration April 2016 to  December 2016 

Team Size 35 

Environment Java8, Spring4, Web Service, Oracle 11g, Weblogic-12c 

Description ABG DRO project is complete redesign of Avis.com with all latest technologies 
i.e. AEM, Java8, Weblogic 12c, bootstrap CSS & Angular js. The new site is 

responsive and having new look and feel. 

Responsibilities  Developed code using Java8, Spring4, & Web Services. 
 Developed service and middle layer known as Web-API. 
 Developed three modules of API.  
 Coordinated well with AEM team for any query.  
 I was also part of co-existence project which is having silent login feature. 
 Responsible for build & deployment of Services & Web-API application. 

 

 

Project#4 Avis-Budget Digital Wallet Implementation 

Client Avis-Budget Group(ABG), USA 

Role Java Developer 

Duration January 2016 to March 2016 

Team Size 12 

Environment Java6, Spring3, JSP, Web Service, Oracle 11g, Weblogic-11g 

Description ABG Digital Wallet implementation is to simplify the checkout process and 
increase security while decreasing fraud. It provides new prepay capability for 

customers by enabling Digital Wallet as alternate payment choice during check out 

process for prepay reservation on ABG Ecommerce channel.  

Responsibilities  Developed code using Java6, Struts2, Spring3, & JSP 
 Used Javascript, JQuery, Ajax & CSS3 for front-end redesign. 
 Developed services to implement Amex & Master pass.  
 Developed logic in Action class to update mainframe. 
 Responsible for build & deployment of application 

 

 

Project#5 Avis-Budget SMS-PUSH 

Client Avis-Budget Group(ABG), USA 

Role Java Developer 

Duration Sep 2015 to December 2015 

Team Size 8 

Environment Java6, Spring3, JSP, Web Service, Oracle 11g, Weblogic-11g 

Description ABG SMS-PUSH project is implementation of SMS-PUSH functionality for the 
user who registers on Avis.com and book any reservation. PUSH notification is for 

Mobile app where user will get push notification for any upcoming reservation or 



 

 

promo offer. 

Responsibilities  Developed code using Java6, Struts2, Spring3, & JSP. 
 Used JMS for push notification functionality. 
 Implemented functionality for profile as well as reservation flow  
 Developed service logic to update mainframe. 
 Responsible for build & deployment of application. 

 

 

Project#6 Avis-Budget DotCom Conversion Optimization 

Client Avis-Budget Group(ABG), USA 

Role Java Developer 

Duration May 2015 to August 2015 

Team Size 16 

Environment Java6, Spring3, Spring-DAO, JSP, Java Script, JQuery, CSS3, Oracle 11g, Weblogic-
11g, Teamsite 

Description Conversion optimization project is done to change the complete redesign of 
Avis.com site. This project is mainly to optimize some of features in old website 

sorting and filtering of cars, new look and feel for car-guide & Signature series 

branding page. Added new feature of last 3 rate shop on home page for 

authenticated, recognized & Remember me user. 

Responsibilities  Developed code using Java6, Struts2, Spring3, & JSP 
 Used Javascript, JQuery, Ajax & CSS3 for front-end redesign. 
 Developed logic for sorting & filtering for car.  
 Developed stored procedure & function. 
 Responsible for build & deployment of application. 

 

 

Project#7 Avis Auto Connect for Concur TripLink 

Client Avis-Budget Group(ABG), USA 

Role Java Developer 

Duration March 2015 to April 2015 

Team Size 06 

Environment Java6, Spring3, Spring-DAO Web Services, Quartz Scheduler, Oracle 11g, 
Weblogic-11g 

Description Concur Auto Connect project do automatically enroll a Concur traveler in 
TripLink on Avis.com. The advantage of Auto Connect is that travelers whose 

companies have enrolled in TripLink and travelers who have an Avis Wizard# in 

their Concur profile, will automatically enrolled in TripLink. 

Responsibilities  Developed code using Java6, Spring3 & Quartz Scheduler. 
 Implemented the backend logic using scheduler to automate the refund 

amount to customer. 
 Developed logic to run scheduler every day to process input file.  
 Did all required server configuration to run scheduler 
 Responsible for build & deployment of application 

 

 

Project#8 Avis-Budget Understay Auto-pay Enhancement 

Client Avis-Budget Group(ABG), USA 

Role Java Developer 

Duration Jan 2015 to Dec Feb 2015 



 

 

Team Size 02 

Environment Java6, Spring3, Quartz Scheduler, Oracle 11g, Weblogic-11g 

Description ABG Understay is completely backend application which is mainly responsible for 
refund the booking amount in case of any system error. Understay team feed the 

booking data (Confirmation number, Booking Date, Amount to be refund) in a text 

file which is processed by every day on execution of scheduler. Once it is 

processed, one output file is generated with “SUCCESS” or “FAILURE” status 

against each confirmation number. 

Responsibilities  Developed code using Java6, Spring3 & Quartz Scheduler. 
 Implemented the backend logic using scheduler to automate the refund 

amount to customer. 
 Developed logic to run scheduler every day to process input file.  
 Did all required server configuration to run scheduler 
 Responsible for build & deployment of application 

 

 

 

 

Project#9 Avis-Budget Loyalty Application 

Client Avis-Budget Group(ABG), USA 

Role Java Developer 

Duration Dec 2013 to Dec 2014 

Team Size 18 

Environment Java6, JSP, Struts2.0, Hibernate, Spring, Oracle, Weblogic-11g, Teamsite 

Description ABG Loyalty application is a market-leading loyalty program in the car rental 
industry that treats people like people and drives revenue, market share and profit 

growth. More specifically a Loyalty program with the following attributes and 

goals: 

 

Attributes 

 Attractive to the customer 

 Easy participation 

 Built-in financial controls 

 

Responsibilities  Developed code using Java6, Struts2.0, JSP, Javascript,  JQuery & Ajax. 
 Implemented JSPs and Action Class as per the requirement. 
 Written Web-Service Interfaces and their implementations. 
 Written DAOs and their implementations With Hibernate. 
 Responsible for build & deployment of application. 

 

Project#10 Radar Web Application 

Client Apple Inc., USA 

Role Java Developer 

Duration Dec 2012 to Till Date 

Team Size 16 

Environment Java6, JSP, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Spring, Oracle, JBoss 

Description Radar is a tool for managing the quality of hardware and software development 
projects. It provides institutional memory and facilitates communication. It also 

ensures accountability and measurability. It is a key element of the product 

development process. 
Radar Web is web based access to radar database. This application is 



 

 

primarily used by the external people like developer or vendors. Radar primary 
elements are component which contains problems. There is a workgroup 
required for each component. It identifies the people for roles like ‘Analyzer’, 
‘Integrator’, ‘Builder’, ‘Verifier’, ‘Owner’ and one more ‘Admin’.  

Responsibilities  Developing code using Java, Spring MVC, and JSPs. 
 Written Spring Service Interfaces and their implementations. 
 Written DAOs and their implementations With Hibernate. 
 Written Hibernate Mappings. 

 

 

 

 

 

Project#11 DirecTV Meap Sales 

Client DirecTV (California, USA) 

Role Java Developer for one complete module 

Duration July 2011 to January 2012 

Team Size 10 

Environment Java5, JSP, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Spring2.5, Oracle, Tomcat 

Description DirecTV is the software which would be facilitating DirecTV's employees to 
update their daily-sales-activities on Oracle On Demand. It provides highly 
secured environment to update sales activities through web applications. 
It minimizes potential for user errors.   Also allows to view, insert and update 
business activities. 

Responsibilities  Developing code using Java, Spring MVC, and JSPs. 
 Written Spring Service Interfaces and their implementations. 
 Written DAOs and their implementations With Hibernate. 
 Written Hibernate Mappings. 

 

 
Declaration: 

 

I hereby declare that the above furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge. 

 

 

Place: 

Date:                                                                                                     Prabhat Kumar                                                                                                                                                                                   


