


















































Curriculum Vitae


Hanukiran Davuluri
Flat No. G3,
Tirtha Residency,
PJR enclave
Madhavpuri Hills, Chanda Nagar
Hyderabad.	Phone: 9652915718/9704154026
 (
Career Objective:
)Pin: 500050                                                        Email : hanukiran.d@gmail.com
	

 (
Professional Summary:
)   Seeking a responsible and challenging position in an energetic organization that would enlighten my professional attitude and constantly drive towards the success of both organization and myself.

· Having 5+ years of professional work experience in Customer service (voice and Non voice)
· Basic knowledge of MS Office
· Inclusiveness and team handling skills.
 (
Education Details:
)

· B Com from Acharya Nagarjuna university

 (
Personal Strengths:
)

· Work experience in US, UK and Australian Processes.

· Good verbal and written communication skills (C2 certified from examenglish.com).

· Attention to detail and creativity.
 (
Experience:
)

· As a CSE for HSBC HDPI, Visakhapatnam, from Sep 2008 to May 2009.
· Rehired by HSBC and worked from Feb 2012 to Oct 2012.
· For Mc Graw Hill Financial’s S&P Capital IQ from January 2013 till January 2014 in a semi voice US process as an associate.
· As an E Support officer for Knoah Solutions, Hyderabad from April 2014 to May 2015.
· Was an Analyst for Google Play and Hardware through Accenture Solutions PVT LTD, Hyderabad from 19th August, 2015 till 5th December, 2017

Experience with roles and responsibilities


As a Customer Service Executive, HSBC

Was responsible for handling inbound call volume, making outbound calls and leaving voice messages to the customers of the bank to verify transactions.


As a Research Associate with Mc Graw Hill Financial

Was responsible for researching  the debt capital structure of companies listed with US Stock Exchanges and making outbound calls for gathering missing information on debt components.


As an E support Officer with Knoah Solutions

Handled chat interactions with Australian customers for reputed client named Travelzoo. Interacted with both US and Australian customers through chats and made sales for travel deals.


As a Progressive Team Lead with Accenture Solutions Pvt Ltd for Google Play and Hardware.

Was held responsible for a team of twelve agents handling Voice calls and Chats for North American users of Google Hardware.

Was the first point of contact for any support in the team.

Ensured that the SLAs and the PLAs for the team were never missed.

Ensured that individual metrics and of the team were in place.

Ensured that the regular process updates were communicated to each agent without fail.

Conducted random audits and provided feedbacks to agents whenever needed.

Was involved in conducting non-sat audits and passing on constructive feedback.

Was responsible for minimizing the shrinkage in the team.

Was responsible for communicating with the client for any support on exception requests from users.

Was a prime support for agents in case of escalated interactions and follow ups there on.

Was responsible for providing inputs to Senior Team Lead for performance review.

Participated in process improvement initiatives that led to the better achievement of KPIs.













 (
Personal Profile
)

Date of Birth	:	07- 08-1986
Sex	:	Male
AGE	:	32
Nationality	:	Indian
Languages known	:	English, Hindi and Telugu.


 DECLARATION

I, hereby declare that the above furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge.

Date:
Place: Hyderabad	(Hanukiran. D)
