














































 
Sankalp Sipaulya 
E-mail: sankalpsipaulya@gmail.com 
Contact No. 9004876742  

 
 
 

Professional Summary 

 3.6 years of IT industry experience encompassing a wide range of skill set, roles and industry verticals. 

 Good knowledge on developing applications using AngularJS, JQuery ,Bootstrap3, HTML5, CSS3 and 

JavaScript 

 Proficient in development using Agile Methodologies. 

 Having Strong Web Application optimization skills. 

 Commitment to co-operative teamwork and involved in delivering high quality product to client. 

 

Technical skills: 

 Markup/Design: HTML5, CSS3, BootStrap3 

 Scripting/Technologies: JavaScript, JSON 

 UI Development Frameworks: jQuery, Angular JS 

 IDE: Brackets, Visual Studio 

Experience Summary: 

 Currently working as a Software Engineer in ‘Infinite Computer Solutions’ deployed on IBM India 

Private Limited since Jan 2016 to till date 

 Worked as a Software Engineer in ‘Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited’ from May 2014 to Dec 2015 

Educational Summary: 

 B.Tech (2009-2013) in the stream of E.C.E. from U.P.T.U University with an aggregate of 73.36%. 

 S.S.C (2007-2009) from JNV Orai with an aggregate of 77.8% distinction. 

 H.S.C. (2007) from JNV Orai with an aggregate of 78.2% distinction. 

 

IBM Projects 

Project 1:  Project Name : Cognitive Solutioning 

   Start Date  : Nov 2016(Current Project) 

   Role   : Developer 

 

   

Project Description: 



The purpose of the Cognitive Solutioning is to provide the optimum technical solution to the Client based on 

the requirements of the user as well as it will also tell the other best options available in terms of Cost, Risk and 

SLA. It will also check the feasibility and availability of the product based on the country zones. 

Environment: AngularJS, Bootstrap3,Underscore JS, Jquery, HTML5 and CSS3,GIT. 

 

Project 2:  Project Name : LSRM  

   

Project Description: 

LSRM is known as Learning Services Request Manager Tool. The purpose of the LSRM is to enable clients to 

request learning transactions using an intuitive, easy-to-use tool that can be customized for their business 

environment and needs 

Environment: AngularJS, Bootstrap3, JQuery, HTML5 and CSS3,GIT . 

 

Project 3:   Project Name : Mac@IBM 

 

Project Description: 

By launching Mac@IBM, IBM is helping to revolutionize how Macs devices are deployed in an enterprise. It’s 

all about analytical and graphical view representations of Mac adoption in IBM which can be filtered by Mac 

Device Type, Mac OS versions, Usage track graph container and City Wise Total Help Desk Tickets. 

Environment: C3JS, Underscore JS, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JQuery. 

 

 

Project 4:  Project Name : MorganStanley@IBM 

   

Project Description: 

Morgan Stanley is a global financial services firm serving a diversified group of corporations, governments, 

financial institutions, and individuals. Created Morgan Stanley web pages by using North star web standards   

Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap3, JQuery, WordPress & IBM North star. 

 

Project 5:  Project Name : IBM Bluemix LP 

   Start Date  : June 2016   

   End Date  : July 2016 

 

Project Description: 



IBM Bluemix is an open standard, cloud platform for building, running, and managing apps and services. 

Created IBM Bluemix web pages for India region by using North star web standards.   

Environment: IBM North star, HTML5, CSS3, JQuery. 

 

Project 6:  Project Name : API & BPM  

   

Project Description: 

IBM® API Connect is an API management solution that addresses critical aspects of the API lifecycle for both 

on-premises and cloud environments. IBM business process management (BPM) solutions offer a set of 

collaborative, role-based capabilities designed to model, simulate, execute, rapidly change, monitor and 

optimize core business processes and work flows. 

 

 

Reliance Jio project: 

Project 1:  Project Name : UHC-Punjab  

 

Project Description: 

 UHC Punjab is a Digital Healthcare project. It automates the Healthcare entity in Punjab which leads to effective 

health delivery for primary healthcare services.  

 

Role:  

1- Requirement gathering and analysis of the project. 

2-Involved in the testing and development of the UHC-Punjab project. 

 

 


