




















































	ANBARASI SELVARAJ

Mobile   :   8939521261
Email Id :  s.anbarasiselvaraj@gmail.com

Career Objective

To work in a challenging environment and to expose my talents for the development of the organization.



Educational Profile

	Course
	              Institution
	Examination Board
	Year Of Passing 
	% of Marks

	B.E-CSE
	Apollo Priyadharashanam Institute 
Of Technology
	Anna University
	2014
	68.4%

	XII
	Kamaraj Matriculation Higher Secondary School
	Matriculation
	2010
	60%

	X
	Kamaraj Matriculation Higher Secondary School
	      Matriculation
	2008
	64.4%




Work Experience

Wotked as Senior Customer Service executive in Intelenet Global Service
From : JUN 2016  to JAN 2017

· Worked For Barclays Bank -Payment Investigation Process-Banking Operations(Global Payments)

· Ability to understand the reviewing and Processes transactions in one or more operations to support international consumer.


· Investigation or amendment, or sending of cancellation’s request for payment in any currency within bank, to other banks.

· Having knoledge in KYC and transaction processing

· Investigated exception items and resolved complex money transfer inquiries received via SWIFT and E-mail. Ensuring minimal loss For the bank and customer satisfaction.

Working as Associate in Wipro limited for CITI Bank(Consumer banking financial service) from JUN 2017 to Present

· Investigate ,analyse and help KYC production with data analysis.
· Support the development of KYC operations strategy and production plans based on process and data analysis	Comment by s.anbarasiselvaraj@gmail.com: 
· Review and Analyse Key elements to each KYC due diligence case
· Utilizing all available tools to verify customer purpose and legitimacy
· Record finds and provide supporting documentation to enrich each KYC due dilengence.

Skill Set

· Flexibility to adapt to change priorities and business needs
· Excellent time management , investigative and problem solving skills.
· Excellent skills in gathering and financial data.


Achievements

· Been a volunteer ,a Spot Events for a fest conducted By Our Department(CSE) Named FENIK’S 13

· Undergone Industrial Visit at HCL,Pondicherry and Infosys,Chennai.


Strengths

· Able to work in a team
· Self-confident
· Hardworking person













Personal Profile

Date of Birth		: 08 JAN 1993
Gender		: Female
Marital Status		: Single
Father’s Name 	: S.A.Selvaraj
Linguistic Skills	: English, Tamil.
Present Address	:11/7,Sri bhuvaneshwari Apartments,
 Andal Avenue 2ndStreet,Thiru-vi-kaNagar,
 kolathur,Chennai 600082





















DECLARATION

 I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated here in above are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.


Date:										Yours Truly,

Place: Chennai			                                                                     (Anbarasi)		



