




































































Mr. Hitesh Dhaduk
Software Developer, Apsis Solutions, Bangalore 
Mobile: +91-8460780102
E-Mail: hiteshdhaduk@yahoo.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

· 2.9 Years of strong experience in Application development using Microsoft Technologies.
· Developed Applications using technologies like ASP.NET, C#.Net, VB.Net, Android, SQL Server, HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
· Involved in Client interaction with regards to any Change Requests.
· Understanding daily issues and solving them based on priority.
· Ability to learn & develop using new technologies quickly.
· Effective in working independently and collobratively in teams.
· Excellent communication & interpersonal skills.
· Self-motivated and able to work under tight deadlines and rapidly changing priorities. 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
April 2014-Till Date		Software Developer, Apsis Solutions, Bangalore 2yr 9 month)

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

· B.E.(Information Technology) from Gandhinagar Institue of Technology with 6.1 CGPA (2012).
· H.S.C from M.N.J. PATEL High School,Surat with aggregate  of 69.40% (2008).
· S.S.C from M.N.J. PATEL High School, Surat with aggregate of 85.43% (2006).

PROFICIENCY FORTE 

Technical Skills:

Programming Languages	: C#.Net, VB.Net, Android.
Web Technologies							: HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
Database													: SQL Server, MS Access.
IDE’s/Frameworks						: ASP.NET, Microsoft Visual Basic 6.0, Eclipse.
Operating System							: Windows OS.
Others                            : Photoshop, MSOffice.




PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN

Project Name 	:	LPR (Label printer) Products Management 
	Role
	Coding and Testing

	Team Size
	3

	Technology
	.Net  and SQL Sever 

	Demonstrated At
	Apsis Solutions, Bangalore



LPR is application software provided with Label printer for handling various function like Product Management, Data Mapping, File maintaining and user management. This application helps the use to maintain data of multiple branches whose data will be stored at the database. The Product details (unit price, net weight, label id etc.) are all imported from customer file and saved in the database with unique product code. User can generate product file and give it as input to label printer. 
 
Project Name 	:	Israelean LORROS Indigenization- Day and Night Camera Control Module. 
	Role
	Coding ,Manitaning and Bug fixing

	Team Size
	5

	Technology
	.Net  and SQL Sever 

	Demonstrated At
	Apsis Solutions, Bangalore;509 Army Base workshop, Agra



This project deals with indigenization of camera control module of Israelean made Long-Range Reconnaissance and Observation System(LORROS). LORROS is a high quality observation system designed for medium and long range observation. There is an observation subsystem and a control subsystem. The current work is going on the Control Subsystem of the Day and light Camera module available in the LORROS. The challenges here are snooping into the serial communication between the PC and the device, designing of the equivalent software with newer available controls. The task was to understand and decode the existing communication and design a front end with database for the same.



Project Name 	: Vehicle Tracking System
	Role
	Designing, Coding, Testing and Deployment

	Team Size
	5

	Technology
	Visual Studio 2012, Eclipse and SQL Server

	Demonstrated At
	Apsis Solutions, Bangalore



A vehicle tracking system hardware will be deployed on the vehicle which will be monitoring the Current location thorugh the GPS connected onboard. The coordinates will be sent to a remote PC and an Android phone on Request. The received coordinates will be decoded and displayed on the Google Map which will locate the vehicle and its timings will also be stored.

PERSONAL VITAE

Marital Status				: Single
Date of Birth						: 14thNov 1990
Gender										:	Male
Languages							:	English, Hindi, Gujarati
Address	:003 J.C. Recidency, Nr. I.G.Circle,Behind  Goverment School, Sarakki,JP   nagar 1st,Bangalore-560078, Karnataka.
DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct to my knowledge and I beartheresponsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.

			
Place: Bangalore																																								HITESH DHADUK

