


















































Shalini Goyal
+91-9130021750 | shalini.goyal607@gmail.com | Application Development Analyst
Brief Introduction	
Java Professional with 4 years of total experience in Java Technology as a Backend Developer. 
Currently associated with Accenture, Pune in digital domain with one of the World’s largest bank and coordinating with a team of 10 people. 
Attended Infosys Training Program in JAVA domain conducted at Mysore and secured 85%.
Have the ability to Multi-task, develop complex functionalities using java programming, face & overcome critical challenges with ease. Project problem resolution on time and solution design skills and analyzing skills to meet deadlines, have been appreciated by the Clients many times. 
I have a very good academic record and performed with lot of enthusiasm and contributed maximum efforts to the success of the projects that I have handled. 
Good Hands on experience in Backend Development. 
Technical Skills
Framework [Spring MVC], Worked on Agile Methodology and Waterfall Model.
Technologies:  Java, Spring, Hibernate, Basics of ReactJS.
Designing: Bootstrap, HTML, and CSS.
Application Server : Apache Tomcat
Build Tools:  Maven
Web Service: SOAP, RESTFUL
IDE: Eclipse.
Version Control: TFS, GIT
Databases: MYSql , SQL Developer
Others: Sonar Lint, Jenkins
Experience
· JAVA developer | [ACCENTURE] | [MAR 2017 – till date]
· Working as Application Development Analyst in Accenture.
· Working as a Java Developer in Banking Domain Project.
· Technologies: Java, Spring MVC, Hibernate, React JS, SOAP.
· Good experience in Backend Development.
· Location: Pune
        Roles & Responsibilities:
· Complete responsibility of feasibility study of technical/Functional requirements.
· Being a developer developed a part of the banking application from scratch and handled the overall process from frontend to backend.
· Alignment with onshore team and client team regarding clarification related to any issues while development of modules.
· End to End development of modules.
· Followed best coding practices in java


· JAVA developer | [INFOSYS LTD.] | [SEPT 2014 – FEB 2017]
· Worked as Senior Systems Engineer in Infosys Ltd.
· Worked as a Developer in Manufacturing Domain Project.
· Technologies: Java, Spring Framework, JDBC Templates, Rest web services, and Backbone JS.
· Good experience in Software Development.
· Location: Pune
         Roles & Responsibilities:
· While working on the development of this project, got acquainted with concepts like controller, css, and bootstrap.
· Being the member in the team, handled the responsibility of requirements gathering, understanding business requirement.
· Worked on frontend development got an opportunity to learn new technologies like Backbone, Bootstrap, and Marionette.js.
· Followed the approach of Test Driven Development. Hence got a chance to work on testing frameworks like JUNITS (Java testing).
· Apart from technical skills, had good exposure in design structures and best practices involved in the same.
· Followed the Best Coding Practices involved in Java.

Educational Qualification
	Course
	College/University
	Month & Year of Passing
	Percentage

	B.E. 
	ITM University/RGPV Bhopal
	June 2014
	79.9%

	H.S.C.
	Pt P.D Convent H.S School
Gwalior( MP)
	March 2009
	87%

	S.S.C.
	Pt P.D Convent H.S School
Gwalior( MP)
	March 2007
	87%



Academic Achievements
Rank 2, XII State Board, P.D Convent H.S School Gwalior. 
Rank 3, X State Board, P.D Convent H.S School Gwalior.
Got Distinction in all subjects in High School and Higher Secondary.
Got Scholarship from State Board for scoring above 85% marks in Sanskrit in X Board.

Strengths
Good oral, written & presentation skills
Quick learner with good grasping ability
Action-oriented and result-focused
Lead & work as a team in an organized way

Personal Details
Date of Birth: 06-07-1992
Interests        :  Playing Badminton, Traveling.

Declaration	
I hereby state that all the above furnished information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Shalini	Goyal                                 Place: PUNE				
Page 2
