









































Rupak Dutta 
 

980- 424 - 4029|rupakdutta.029@gmail.com|Kolkata, West Bengal - 700049 

 

 

KEY SKILLS 

 

1.  Financial Accounting 

2.  Audit 

3.   Financial Reporting 

4.   GST 

5.   Income Tax 

6.   TDS 

7.   Accounts Receivable /Payable Expenses 

8.   Bank Reconciliations 

9.   General Ledger 

10. ROC 

11. Tally 

12. Oracle 

13. Ms. Office 

14. Ginesys. 
 

 

 
PROFESSIONAL 
EXPERIENCE 

 

Senior Accountant, Prapti Fashoins Private Limited, Kolkata, 

January 2019 – Present 

 Looking after the statutory part of the group companies. This is 

basically analysing the books of accounts, preparation of the various 

returns and filling of them within the stipulated period of time. 

 Performing the internal audit among the group companies and 

submission of detailed recommendation to the management to ensure 

the smooth activities of the business. 

 Supervion in making of the books of the accounts of major companies 

to make sure it's ready for presentation to it's users. 

 Assisting the manager in finalization of books of accounts at the year 

ending for preparing the financial statements. 

 Visiting the various statutory departments for meeting the officers as 

quarries are raised for our companies. 

 Meeting and maintaining the relationship & goodwill with the major 

clients & financial institutions. 

 

 
PROFILE 
SUMMARY 

 
Senior accounts executive with 4 years of experience currently associated in the 

industry. The experience includes working in CA Firms as well and contains from 

book keeping to the finalization of the accounts for the clients & companies, 

preparation of various tax forms (TDS, GST, Income Tax) and filling of the same 

ensuring that the periodical compliances are done by the time, handling the 

intercompany transactions, supervision on the necessary reconciliations and time to 

time submission of financial data to the management as required by them. 



 

Accountants Assistant, Indranil Das & Associates, Kolkata, 

August 2017 -December 2018 

 Monitor and maintain the accounts daily sales along with cash 

transactions.  

 Assisted in financial audit and preparation of Final accounts of client 

firms and companies.  

 Maintained the accounting data of different organizations.  

 Compilation of balance sheet and company accounts and preparation 

of reports for auditing for the clients.  

 Participating in ROC search of the companies & related work regarding 

the same for different banks and other authorities. 

 Filling & Preparation of Income Tax for the different forms of the 

clients. 

 Filling & Preparation of GST for the different forms of the clients. 

 

 

 

Junior Accountant, AHK & Company, Kolkata, July 2016– July 2017 

 Maintain Regular books of accounts for client corporates . 

 Preparing Bank Reconciliations Statemnets. 

 Preparing MIS reports as per the requirement of the management. 

 Periodical Party ledger reconciliations along with verifying stocks of the 

company. 

 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS : 

DATE OF BIRTH  : 28th of July’1995 

GENDER               : Male. 

RELIGION            : Hindu. 

NATIONALITY     : Indian  

 

CURRENT CTC     : 4.34L P.A. 

 

 

SIGNATURE 

 

EDUCATION 

 

B.com(H) - Maharaja Manindra Chandra Collage, Calcutta University.   2016 

Higher Se.-UdaypurHaradayal Nag AdarshaVidyalaya.                        2013 

 

  


