














































 

 

#110/1, Maria Cottage, Kalyan Nagar, Bangalore 

Ph: +91-7418276327 

mailthejus92@gmail.com 
THEJUS R 
                                            
 

2018 

 

B.Tech (IIT Madras) 

Associate – Data Science 

Professional 

Synopsis 

 

 Wiley-Jigsaw certified data scientist with two and a half years of experience in industry 

 Expertise in building machine learning models in R, SPSS and Python 

 Experience in communicating results of complex analyses to business stakeholders 
 

Skill Set 
Tools:  R, SPSS, Python, SQL, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, Microsoft Azure 
Techniques: Regression Analysis, Decision Trees, Random Forest, SVM, xgboost, Text Mining,  
Time Series Forecasting, Clustering, Recommender System 

Cognizant –  
Associate, Data 

Science 
Sep’15 - Present 

Prediction of requirement of manual audit for expense claims by Cognizant employees: 

 Developed a model using machine learning algorithms to find out which of the expense claims 
by employees can be auto approved. 

 The model flags the expense claims which complies with organization policies for auto 
approval after screening through a classifier containing expense rules of organization and then 
through the machine learning model,  thereby reducing the workload of the auditors. 

Customer dunning propensity model for a US based energy giant: 

 Developed a machine learning model which predicts the customer propensity to move from 
dunning level 5 to dunning level 35. 

 The model aided in reducing a lot of operational costs and in reducing the losses from 
customers who are likely to enter dunning level 35 and are unlikely to clear the dues. 

Store sentiment using customer feedback for Watches division of an Indian Conglomerate: 

 Generated a sentiment score for each store using text data from customer feedback. 

 Provided insights into root causes using topic modelling and clustering analysis on text. 

 Developed a dashboard depicting store wise customer sentiment across various important 
KPIs and identified topics. 

Recommendation model for Watches Division of an Indian Conglomerate: 

 Created a Recommender System for identifying the products which a customer is likely to buy 
in the future, based on the customer purchase behavior. 

 The model aided in the marketing of the products to the right target customers thereby 
increasing the sales by cross-selling. 

Customer Segmentation based on sales data for Eyewear division of an Indian Conglomerate: 

 Employed clustering techniques to group the eyewear customers into various segments. 

 Provided key insights for integration of defined customer segments into product marketing 
strategy. 

Forecasting of volatility of time series data using ARCH/GARCH models(case study): 

 The residuals of time series data had been modeled using ARCH/GARCH algorithms, as part of 
a case study. 

 

Educational Background  

B.Tech 2015 IIT Madras 7.4/10 

Class XII (ISC) 2010 Auxilium Navajyoti, Calicut 92.6% 

Class X (ICSE) 2008 Auxilium Navajyoti, Calicut 92.9% 

Certifications  Wiley-Jigsaw international certification covering Intermediate level R programming and machine 
learning methods such as Regression, Classification Techniques(tree based algorithms, naïve-bayes, 
SVM), Clustering, Neural Networks, statistics etc. 

 Machine Learning MOOC by Andrew NG offered via Coursera. 

Cognizant India Pvt. Ltd 


