














































Resume 

Ashwini Purandare 

Professional Status: UNIX System Administrator 

Mobile   :+91 8149442713  

Email ID:ashwinipurandare10@gmail.com 

 

Objective: 

Seeking a challenging environment that encourages continuous learning and creativity, providing exposure to 

new and stimulated personnel and professional growth. 

  

Professional Summary: 

Over 2 years of experience in UNIX Administration in a Data-Center providing service to a Telecom giant, 

supporting 2000+ servers in Different Unix Flavors. 

AIX Profile: 

Technical Expertise with IBM P-Series AIX Server Administration. 

Skills: 

Operating Systems : IBM-AIX 5.3,6.1 & 7.1,8 Red hat Linux 

5,6, Virtualization : IBM VIO 

File System Technologies : GPFS for AIX 

Backup Tools   : mksysb, tar, cpio, CBMR, Dump  

Technologies  : NFS, SSH, Telnet, FTP 

Monitoring Tools : IBM Tivoli 

Languages : C, C++ 

 

LINUX Profile: 

• Installation of RPM on Linux server. 

• DUMP backup.                                                                                                             

• Patching on Linux servers. 

• CBMR backup on Linux server 

• Monitoring system & Troubleshoot system problems. 

• Creating and Resizing file system in Linux. 
 

 

 



 

Work Experience: 

 

Synopsis: Currently working in SOFTENGER (INDIA) PVT. LTD - Pune. 

 
Designation: AIX System Administrator 

Client: IBM INDIA PVT. LTD with IDEA CELLULAR Ltd. 

 

Since : 4th-January 2016 to till date 

Role: System Administrator from Jan-2016 to till date. 

 

Responsibilities: 

 

 Security and compliance. 

 Regular Verification of hardening health check. 

 Make sure all fixes are applied as per schedule. 

 Managing scheduling of job. 

 Device Management. 

 Working on AIX Logical Volume Management-VG,LV,File System Management. 

 Adding CPU and memory using DLPAR. 

 To review Alt disk and Mksysb backup taken are valid for good restoration. 

 VIO Upgrade using the Alt disk method. 

 Addition/Removal of disks from the server through the VIO. 

 Changing of permission and ownership of files and folders. 

 SSH key generation and ssh without password. 

 Using alternate disk installation method when upgrading or installing TL / SP on AIX Operating System 

within the stipulated maintenance window 

 Call logging with IBM Support Team and solving the issues in co ordination with them, creating a PMR 

for part replacement and closing tickets. 

 Providing SNAP for any hardware errors. 

 Responsible for coordinating with the application team ,Application owners and Database team for 

upgrading the OS and complete it within stipulated time. 

 Monitoring system performance using vmstat,topas,sar commands. 

 Basics of Shell Scripting. 

 Preparing & Designing various kind of reports for data of day -1 like Critical Server Report (CSR), 
NMON report, Performance report, Daily Dashboard containing Tickets analysis, RFC and Information 

related to monthly OS backup, Scheduled activity, Issues reported. 

 Adhere to ITIL Process like: 
o Change Management 
o Incident Management 
o Problem Management 
o Asset Management 

  

 



Academic Qualification: 

 

 

Personal Details: 

Name :  Ashwini Shailendra Purandare 

Date of Birth : 18th October, 1991  

Languages Known :  English, Marathi, & Hindi 

Present Address :  A/57,Flat No:8,Bharadwaja,Kasturba Hsg. Soc.,Vishrantwadi,Pune-411015 

Passport Status :  Valid 

Email Address : ashwinipurandare10@gmail.com 

Mobile : +91-8149442713 
 

Declaration: 

I hereby declare that all statements made in this application are true, complete and correct to the best of 

knowledge and belief 

 

 

 

 

 

 

DATE: 

PLACE:     

 

Ashwini Purandare           

 

 

Degree/Certificate University/Board 
Year of 

Passing 
Percentage 

Masters in Computer 

Application(MCA) 
University of Pune June 2015 72.83% 

Bachelors in 

Computer 

Application(BCA) 

University of Pune April 2012 69.75% 

Higher Secondary 

Certificate(HSC) 
Maharashtra State Board Feb 2009 71.83% 

Secondary School 

Certificate(SSC) 
Maharashtra State Board March 2007 61.84% 


