













































CURRICULAM   VITAE


CURRICULAM VITAE 
 
N A M E – Krutarth G Dave      Permanent Address: 

D-503,Ashray Platina,             
Contact No: 9998980595      Off Anand party plot Road, 
Email:krutarthdave007@gmail.com                 B/H Arya Villa, New Ranip, 
                                                                                      Ahmedabad 
                                                                                                 Pin. 382481 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 To pursue a Challenging career and be a part of Progressive organization that gives enhance 
my knowledge, skills, and to reach the pinnacle in IT/ITES field with sheer determination, 
dedication and hard work 

 
Organization   Position     Duration 
 
Current: 
Advantmed India LLP       Executive (Joined as Process Associate)   5 Years 4 Month 
 
Previous: 
Axis Bank Ltd.   Business Development Executive         4 Months 
 
Previous: 
ING Vysya Bank Ltd.  Business Development Executive   8 Months 
                                            
 
 
 
 
Exam   Board / University      Year of Passing           Percentage 
S.S.C    G.S.E.B    2005   56.57% 
H.S.C    G.S.E.B    2007   48.00% 
T.Y. B.com     Gujarat University   2011   41.00%  
 
 
 
 
 Basic Computer OS, Ms Office, Tally ERP.9, Coral Draw and Photoshop, 
 
 

OBJECTIVE: 

CAREER PROFILE: 

EDUCATION: 

COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE: 



 
 
 
Organization  : Advantmed India LLP 
 
Job Description :  

 

 New Employee on Boarding: 
 
1. New employee’s creation in HRMS software and fill the all personal, educational, professional 

data. (Pre-Joining) 
2. Send the new joiner details to Admin and IT department for arrangement of sitting and system 

allocation & Credentials as per job requirements of new joinee. 
3. Collecting Original documents (e.g,.ID proofs, mark sheets, previous employer documents) and 

update in HRMS and employee data file. 
4. Scanning of documents, joining kits employee agreements and put file soft copies in employee 

files and hard copies in storage.  
 
 

 Left employee Off-boarding 
 

1. Intimate to Admin and IT department of leaving the organization of employee. To initiate off-
boarding sending employee last working day details to IT department and request for disable 
IT credentials. 

2. Preparing left employee’s Notice pay recovery and F & F data and sending to payroll 
department. 

 

 Background Check of new employees 
 

1. Working as SPOC of company for background checks of new joining employees. 
2. Sending employees academic, professional and personal ID documents for verification purpose 

to BGV service vendors. 
3. Maintaining MIS of all employees BGV cases and insufficient documents queries.  
4. Escalation of RED or Amber cases to respective department head and HR representative. 
5. Verification of monthly invoices of BGV vendor and sending to Accounts & Finance department 

for payment and sending payment check to vendors. 
  
 

 Other responsibilities : 
 
1) New employee’s ID card and duplicates ID cards. 
2)  Stationary stock maintaining of entire HR department and send monthly requirement to admin 

and facilities department. 
3) Preparing the MIS of employee Referral bonus and send to payroll department. 
4) Back end support to payroll for EPFO and ESIC related data of employees. 

JOB SUMMARY (Executive): 



 
 
 
 
Job Description :  
 

 Medical Records Process(Imaging and Routing): 
 

1. Records Input: Input the medical in .tiff, .pfd files and records in system which received in 
company portal via fax, US post mail or via EHR(Electronic Heath Records) 

2. Quality Checking: Input records quality checking each and every pages and data entry in 
ascending orders as per date and as per page types of medical records. 

3. EHR Downloading: Dowling of EHR record from provider’s system or server via remote 
connections and update in system. 

4. Data Research: Data research of provider addresses and contact details via Google search if 
health facilities and providers are unable to contact to call center or support team. 

5. Provider’s survey:  Prepare survey before starting of project of all provider and medical 
facilities that how we can get medical records from them and input in callers queue. 

6. Invoice and Bills: Input the invoice and bill of medical records copying charges and also data 
entry of invoice for callers to set up call for credit card payment via call. 

7. Provider’s status update via Fax lines: While ongoing projects providers and medical facilities 
provides update on patient health information for callers via fax lines. We are updating this in 
system to escalate or records updating to call center team. 

8. US Port mail Batches: The records received in huge bulk via US Post mail service it give Batch 
Numbers. I have responsibilities of batch files compiling with sent and received with Mail 
Room Team at USA Office and giving update of pending and received batches. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

JOB SUMMARY (Process Associate): 



 
 
 
Present Salary (CTC) : Rs.180000/-(Per Annum) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name   : Krutarth Gautambhai Dave 

Gender  : Male 

Marital Status  : Unmarried 

Nationality  : Indian 

Date of Birth  :  22
nd

 September 1989 

Languages Known : English, Hindi and Gujarati (Read, Speak and Writing) 

Permanent Address : As Per Above. 

 

 

Date :  

 

Place : Ahmedabad 

 

 

 

 

                

    (Krutarth Dave) 
 

PERSONAL PROFILE: 


