














































Experience Strengths

Northern Operating Services Pvt Ltd ·   Strategic Thinker, Visionary and Influencer
Team  Leader - Singapore Desk (Dec 2015 – Till Date) ·   Result Oriented
·   12 years of experience in financial domain in valuation reporting. Managing 58 

clients’ accounts and handling a team of 16 members. 
·   Persistent and Go-getter

·   Specialized in leading audit checks to monitor NAV and ROR check. Reconcile 

internal reports and investment manager records. 
·   Team-Oriented

·   Performed research analysis on exceptions to fix the issues in clients’ reports by 

contacting internal teams.
·   Time management skills.

·   Drive people strategies and ensure they are aligned to the business strategy ·   Good Analytical and Excel Skills.
·   Identified operational issues and devised measurable and observable steps to 

achieve operational outcomes

·   Developed process improvement ideas that resulted in eliminating redundant 

process, removing duplication and increase efficiency by 10 percent.
Achievements

·   Prepared competency and productivity metrics to report individual progress on a 

monthly basis with measurable data
·   Received appreciation for facilitating a derivative session for 130 partners

·   Collaborate with the Talent Acquisition team, in identifying and implementing 

strategic recruitment for EWS and open positions
·   Quality award in recognition of meritorious services provided for Manager Signoff/RR.

·   Partnered with leadership to facilitate team development
·   Received a momentum for a Job well Done and appreciation for giving suggestions on critical 

client’s reports.
·   Conduct appraisals, Annual Goal setting/ KPI exercise for the team ·   Received appreciation for multiple presentations and handling critical clients
·   Involved in budgeting and compensation discussion for the team ·   Received appreciation and Spot award for consistent and quality work on critical client.

·   Learnt to troubleshoot the complex macro codes used for daily audits ·   Received quarterly performer award for taking care of the quality and risk for a critical client

·   Opportunity in leading the Corporate Social Responsibility ·   Organized and participated in various Cultural events

·   Conduct soft skills and process trainings by creating training plans and recalls to 

measure the status 

·   Received special recognition from the top management, the CAP practice owner for preparing a 

document/guidelines on couple of ciritical client signoff procedures and preparing the SLA for client 

servicing
·   Drive great place to work and Best employer surveys, etc. 

Senior Analyst - Singapore Desk (May 2012 - Dec 2015) ·   Received appreciation to manage tenured resources well
·   Auditing reports based on the understanding of market conditions and Client 

Investment Structure/ Investment Sectors (Ex: Equity, Fixed Income, Commodities, and 

Real Estate etc.) in Index and OTC market 

·   Calculation of Benchmark-Returns/Drifting/Re-weighing as per client requirement. Academic Qualification

·   Ability to build and maintain strong relationships with all stakeholders. Bachelor of Business Management from Bangalore University - 2004

                      EDWARD MARY ROSHINI

                      Mobile: +91 9742990210                                                                                                                    E-mail: roshini.edward@gmail.com

NTAC:2SE-18



·   Lead and implement process improvements. 12th from Agnes college, Mangalore
·   Review the work performed by Analysts and other team members.
·   Ensure that team has updated DPAD’s/procedures regularly all the times.

·   Ability to train and mentor new hire on the process. Project
·   Auditing and evaluating clients Investment Portfolio and provide reporting on a 

monthly, quarterly and annual basis and maintain client deliverables
Guardian Bank - “Satisfaction of customer” towards banking services offered by bank.

Analyst and SA (Dec 2005 - May 2007 and Aug 2008 - May 2012)

·   Single-handedly worked on transitioning a sensitive client relationship from APAC 

region which was at risk.
Computer Skills 

·   Client Relationship Partner (RP) for a top 10 client. Operating system: MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint.     

·   Ensured a strict zero tolerance and adherence to the highly customized and complex 

procedures required by the client, which is verified in quarterly and annual client 

audits. Applications: Bloomberg, Web Based Applications etc.

·   Received appreciation and Spot award for consistent and quality work. 
·   Based on monthly client status meetings, ensure timely follow through on 

obligations.
·   Quality control : As part of the RP role performed quality checks for 3 large reports 

which are sent to the client on a monthly basis to ensure that every tiny detail is 

accurate, be it numbers or research and analysis.

Interests and Hobbies

·   Regularly conducted calls with client service teams /middle office as part of 

monthly/daily status updates respectively. Have received appreciation for excellent 

verbal communication skills as well as written.

Watching Movies, reading books, listening to music etc.

·   Cluster Head: responsible for 5-7 partners’ daily deliverables and adherence to SLAs. 

Coordinating, assisting, escalating to ensure that the team is on top of all issues and 

SLAs are met , heads up of possible delays given to downstream areas and outstanding 

issues are followed up on a regular basis
·   Subject Matter Expert: As a cluster head, I had carried out research, analyze, and 

resolved complex client inquiries that required coordination among several partner 

areas and I was the cluster’s go to person. All these documents are currently being 

followed by the team in their day to day work.
·   Shared feedback on my cluster members’ performance/ improvement areas with TL. 

Was always open and responsive to appreciative and constructive feedback

Declaration  

Dell International I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is true as per my knowledge. 
Senior Customer Care Associate (April 2004 - September 2005)
·   Specialized in Dell Preferred Accounts Date:  ____/____/_______ 
·   Quality monitoring and handling escalated calls Edward Mary Roshini
·   Data analysis to improve performance and Process knowledge management Bangalore

NTAC:2SE-18


