





















RESUME

VAMSI KRISHNA NALAGARLA

Ph: 8985838391

Vamsikrishna432@gmail.com
Professional Summary:

· 4.2 years of experience in design, development and implementation of Object Oriented Applications, Web Applications and client support and maintenance.

· 4.2 years of .NET experience on C#, ASP.NET, ADO.NET and SQL SERVER.

· Experience in 3-tier development architecture.

· Clear understanding of Object Oriented Programming (OOPS) concepts.

· Proficient at developing .NET applications using Web Forms.

· Experience in ADO.NET components such as Datasets, Data Adapter etc.

· Experience in Database Design and Database Programming using SQL Server and in creating database objects like Stored Procedures, Views, Triggers, Joins and Functions. 

· Having 2 Years of Experience in WCF.

· Having 4+ Years of Experience in MVC.

· Having 1 Year of Experience in Crystal Reports.

· Havig 1+ Year of Experience on Angulr Js 1x and Angular 4.

· Having 1 Year of Experience on Kendo UI.

· Excellent Planning and problem solving skills, able to work alone as well as in team with minimal guidance.

· Ability to grasp and apply new concepts quickly and effectively.

Technical Experience:

	Languages
	C#. NET,VB.NET

	Web Technologies
	ASP.NET, ADO.NET, MVC 5, WEB API 2, CSS

	Tools 
	Team Foundation Server (TFS)

	Development Tools
	Visual Studio .NET  2008(3.5)/2010/2013(4.0 & 4.5)/2015/2017

	Databases
	SQL Server 2008 R2,Oracle

	Markup Languages
	HTML, XML

	Scripting languages
	Java Script, JQuery,Angular 1x,Angular 4

	Frameworks
	WCF, ADO.NET Entity Framework,Web API

	Web Servers
	IIS


Professional Experience:

	Company
	Designation
	Duration

	Prokarma Soft Tech Pvt Ltd
	Software Engineer
	July 2016 to Till Date

	Value Labs
	SoftWare Engineer
	Jun 2013 to Jun 2016


Educational Qualification:

Graduation – B.Tech from JNTUA University, India during the year 2007 – 2011

Project Details:

Project#1:

Project: Kiewit (Sep 2016 – till date)

Client:   Greyhound (http://kiewit.com/)

Role:Designing UI,.Net Developer, Showing progress Reports by weekly upload

Domain: Construction Domain

Team Size: 10


Kiewit is Construction Domain project. It is online website to perform operations . It provides different modules for all construction activities.

Responsibilities:

Involved in Design, development and implementation.

Troubleshooting, Bug Fixing and Conducted code reviews. And apart from this, unit tested the application.

Interaction with onsite team through mails and calls to understand the requirement.

Understand the requirements with client and preparation of technical specification documents.

Environment: C#.Net, MVC 4,Angular 1x,Angular4,WEB API,Entity Framework, Visual Studio 2017, JavaScript, JQuery , SQL Server 2008.

Project#2:

Project: Greyhound (Apr 2014 – Jun 2016)

Client:   Greyhound (http://greyhound.com.au/)

Role:Designing UI,.Net Developer, Showing progress Reports by weekly upload

Domain: Travel Domain

Team Size: 4


Greyhound is Travel Domain project. It is online website to book tickets from one place to another place in Australia. It provides Experience packages, Tour Packages, Express Booking and Travel Passes for customers. It also provides free Loyalty programs for customers and customers can opt for various types of subscriptions.

Responsibilities:

Involved in Design, development and implementation.

Troubleshooting, Bug Fixing and Conducted code reviews. And apart from this, unit tested the application.

Interaction with onsite team through mails and calls to understand the requirement.

Understand the requirements with client and preparation of technical specification documents.

Environment: C#.Net, MVC 4,ASP.NET,WEB API, Visual Studio 2013, JavaScript, JQuery , SQL Server 2008.

Project#3:

Project: Exam View Online (Sep 2013 – Apr 2014)

Client:e-Instruction(U.S)

Role: .Net Developer

Domain: Education

Team Size:8


A gateway to all user types to use Exam View content, including licensed Learning Series content. With this being a web-based product, we can take advantage of the cloud and how we distribute and sell content from publishers and partners to educators and schools/districts.

              The robust reporting from a class/student level view to a school/district view will allow users to see how their students and/or districts are preforming on many levels. This will allow a look into how content is being utilized and generating statistics back to each audience, including our own analysis of Learning Series usage.

Responsibilities:

Involved in Application Design, Coding, and Database design.

Developing User Interface.

Written code towards implementation of business logic.

Involved in Database creation, developed Table structure, functions, Stored Procedures and PL/SQL Queries.

Environment: C#.Net, ASP.Net  MVC, KnockOut Js, ADO.Net, WCF,Web Services, LINQ, Visual Studio 2010, JavaScript, JQuery, SQL Server 2008.

Project#4:

Project: Timesheet Application (Jun 2013– Aug 2013)

Client:   Internal project

Role:Designing UI, .Net Developer, Solving QA Reports, Showing progress Reports by weekly upload

Domain: 

Team Size: 3

This is a value labs intranet application. In this application users can log their daily status and it was integrated with Visual Studio TFS(Team Foundation Server) work Items.

In order to log the timesheet, users need to register into the application. And users can see the Reports and Graphsin the application. The complete information of all the users will be maintained in separate Database. From the database user can export the data in whatever the format he wants.

Responsibilities:

Involved in design, development and implementation.

Troubleshooting, Bug Fixing and Conducted code reviews. And apart from this, unit tested the application.

Environment: C#.Net,VisualStudio 2013, JavaScript, JQuery,CSS, SQL Server 2008.

Personal Profile:

Name                                         :   Vamsi Krishna Nalagarla

Father’s Name                           :   N BHASKAR

Date of Birth                             :    06/06/1990

Sex                                             :   Male

Language’s known                    :    English, Telugu 

Marital Status                             :   Unmarried.

Present Address                          :   Bharath Nagar,Hyderabad.

Phone                                          :   8985838391

Declaration:

I hereby declare that the above particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date: 

Place: Hyderabad. 






(N VAMSI KRISHNA)

