














































RESUME 

 

K.Surekha                                                                  Email: bh.surekha1@gmail.com  

                                                            Mobile: 9701326821, 9700981841 

 

 

Professional Summary: 

 

 Having 2 years 4 months of IT experience in design and development of various Application 

Systems for business solutions. 

 Extensive design and programming experience using Java, Spring and Zkoss. 

 Experience in banking domain. 

 Strong Understanding of Object Oriented Analysis and Design. 

 Exposure to Oracle and SQL Server. 

 Willingness to learn new technologies and can adapt to new environment and culture. 

 

Experience: 

 

 Working as a Software Engineer for Pennant Technologies Pvt. Ltd, Hyderabad, India from 

June 2015 to till date.   

 

Educational Qualifications: 

 

 Master of Computer Applications from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Kakinada 

in 2012. 

 

Software Skills: 

 

Java                  : J2SE, J2EE and Spring Framework. 

IDE    :  Eclipse. 

Server   :  Tomcat. 

Web Technologies :  ZK Framework and HTML5. 

Databases  :  SQL Server and Oracle. 

Source Controls        :  Tortoise SVN. 

 

 

 

 

 



Project Details: 

 

Project #1  : Letzbank 

Role                     : Developer 

Duration  : Oct 2015 – June 2016 

Environment & Tools : Jdk 1.7, Spring, ZK, Log4j, SVN, Maven. 

 

We created a platform, where banks and non-banks display their products for our 

customers to evaluate, check eligibility and apply online for loans. We don’t charge our customers 

for our online loan services. 

On letzbank platform you can apply for loans online to check eligibility Lowest Rate of 

Interest, Nil foreclosure charges and personalized services. 

 

Responsibilities: 

 

 Managing development efforts across various modules 

 Buildings rules and validate the rules. 

 Preparing Unit Test cases for the Developed Features. 

 Involved in Database operation using MS SQL Server 2008. 

 Coordinating with QA team for the modules that we have worked on. 

 

Project #2  : Bajaj Finance 

Role                     : Developer 

Duration  : July 2016 – April 2017 

Environment & Tools : JDK 1.7,Spring, ZK, Log4j, SVN, Maven. 

 

 Bajaj finance limited is the holding company for the businesses dealing with financial 

services of the Bajaj group. It is a wealth advisory arm of the Bajaj finance limited. It is the 

most non-bank in the country with 19 product lines across consumers commercial and SME 

finance. 

 Pennant Technologies Pvt ltd had gained this opportunity to customize and develop the 

product suite for Bajaj. With this Pennant is starting its business in India market. 

 Pennant’s product suite for Bajaj helps them manage the entire process of gathering 

required customers information analyzing the credibility of the customer and let them avail a 

loan. The loan life cycle can be handled in a hassle free manner. 

 

Responsibilities 

 
 Involved in the analysis, design, development and testing phases of Software 

 Developed user interfaces using Zkoss and CSS 

 Used Zkoss and Spring validation framework for performing front end validations 

 Developed Controller part Using Spring MVC Module. 



 

Project #3  : Dual Control   

Role                     : Developer 

Duration  : May 2017 – Till Date 

Environment & Tools : Jdk 1.7, Spring, ZK, Log4j, SVN, Maven. 

 

Bank’s core banking system doesn’t support dual control (authorization) for the daily 

transactions initiated by the operations department. To achieve operational efficiency and control 

risk, bank has decided to implement the Dual control for some of the critical transactions being 

posted in Equation. Dual Control Application is a web based front end Application which will be 

integrated with core banking system through IFX messages. 

 

Responsibilities 

 

 Involved in the analysis, design and development and testing phases of Software 

Development Life Cycle (SDLC). 

 Developed Data Access Object (DAO) which handles all database operation. 

 Used Maker Checker work flow in implementation of each module. 

 Coordinating with QA team for the modules that we have worked on. 

 

 


