










































RAMACHANDIRAN.E
Dot Net Developer with 3 years of experience
Email id: mr.ramachandiran@gmail.com
Ph. No: 09677243293                                                                                                                                                                                      


Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in a challenging environment that offers professional growth while being resourceful and innovative.

Career Summary:

	Company
	Domain
	Years of experience
	Duration

	Cognizant Technology Solution
	.Net(Asp.Net,MVC,Winform) Developer.
	3
	 Since 2014 July

	Seed Infotech
	C# Certification,Asp.Net internship
	6 months
	Till 2014 Aug



Overview:
· Technically sophisticated professional with 3+ years of experience in .Net (ASP web app and Winforms) and Selenium Automation.
· Currently employed in Cognizant, Chennai as Programmer Analyst.
Skills:
· Languages      Known: C#, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, ENTITY FRAMEWORK, MVC, JQUERY, WEBSERVICES, WCF.
· Database                  :  Microsoft SQL 2005,2008
· Web Technologies   : HTML, XML,CSS
· Testing Tools           : ALM, Selenium using C#. Coded UI Basics
· Domain                    :  BFS, Retail.


Cognizant Technology Solutions, Chennai, TamilNadu.
Project #1	    : Empower (OPUS) Mortgage Application
Client 	 	   : capital one
Technologies     : .NET 4.0, Web Forms, Win forms, C# and SQL 2008, WCF
Project Description:
· Capital One SOFI and LoanApp are web applications which are the Loan Origination application. The application are developed with JAVA as front end and Dot Net WCF services as Web services. 
· That enable the systems to accept data from user, validate and process it and place it for approval workflow in EMPOWER. 
· The Empower system then initiates the approval workflow from loan approval to Funding and servicing for the loan. 
· The project follows the Distributed Agile model, which means the enhancements, requested by clients, will be worked on from offshore as well as onsite. 
· The phases involved in the project include requirements analysis, design, coding, unit testing and system testing of service requests raised by business users. 
· Service Request is basically a change or enhancement that is driven by business or another application.

Project in C# ASP.Net MVC:

“Online Web app with Users Encrypted Security”
 
Project enhanced and evaluated in the way of managing in source and out sourcing of all the products in Library system. This Web application supports users by providing them the unique feature to log in and authorizing them by .Net framework Authentication feature. We also implemented ADO.net with all types of views and indexing concept for retrieving data’s in manipulated way. There are two kind of accessing to the web application implemented, one which is for the user those who got unique ID in the organization they provide books and another access allows guest users to register and can only view the PDF version of books and may download them for the prescribed MRP rate. In other hand Unique Id users may borrow the books and should return it within the given date.

Selenium Automation tools:
Automation Tool have been implemented to maintain the sustainability and monitor and run the written code periodically to secure the web from malware functions and malicious users.


Environment: Microsoft Visual Studio using .Net
Database        : MS SQL server 2008 R2.
Tools    : Visual Studio.

Responsibility:

· Provided full support for the project and executed in all seminars
· Implemented .Net framework Authentication & Authorization shipped with new version of .Net.


Project 3: Asp.net

“Efficient Query Evaluation using extended Boolean
                                                    Retrieval with Score Optimization Technique”	
	
We optimize the search engine in order to retrieve more efficient data from the data base using queries with extended Boolean retrieval, therefore applying Boolean operators between the queries in order to retrieve the needy data from the database. We also use score optimization technique so that we eliminate the ample amount of data that is not relevant to the query and retrieve a handful of data that are relevant to the query.


Academic Summary and Trainings:
	Institute Name
	Course Completed
	%
	Duration

	Jeppiaar Eng. College
	B.Tech (IT)
	65
	2009-2013

	GHSS
	12th (Maths Bio)
	85 
	2007-2009

	GHSC
	10th
	83
	2002-2007

	Seed Info Tech – Bangalore
	.Net (ASP.Net &ADO.Net), Testing
	70
	2014 

	CoreTech – Chennai
	Core Java, J2EE
	68
	2013

	Cognizant Academy 
	CodedUI
	 NA
	2017





Honors /Achievements:
· Won Cognizant BFS-Kudos Award
· Awarded as a School topper in 10th.
· Winner of Volley ball in College Sports meet.
· Worked as a NSS organizer.
· Worked as a school people leader in 12th.

Personal Profile:
D.O.B	                       : 05-06-1992
Passport no                : L9149912
Languages Known     : English, Tamil, and Kannada.
Residential Address   : 7/540, Velachery Main rd, Medavakam, Chennai -100.
			

Declaration:

   	I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge 




                                                                                  
Place: Chennai
Date:                                                                                   [RAMACHANDIRAN]


