















































SANDIP KUMAR SAHU 
~ Mobile: +63 9665929745 

~ E-Mail: kumarssandip@gmail.com    

 
10+ years in HR Shared Services Operations Management ~ Payroll Process Management ~ 

Team Management 

 

PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS 

 Handling exhaustive hire to retire operational payroll services including processing pay run, 
reconciliation and reporting 

 Managing KPI and SLA aligned to people service objective, identify continuous improvement 
opportunities through monitoring service performance employee data and payroll system analytics 

 Deliver key customer requirements and process/system changes where required. Work within policy 
legislation changes ensuring compliance 

 Utilising multiple people ERP systems including SAP Payroll, People soft, Oracle, kronos, CRM, Service 
now, helpdesk/image now/documents to optimise employee life cycle and payroll process. 

 Well equipped with system testing for adapting with legislative changes and participate in 

external/internal audit processes for employee pay accuracy and successful pay run 

 Accomplished 4 international assignments for HRO reengineering, solution identification, 
knowledge transfer and organisational restructure project  

 End to end HRO business transition of Australian insurance giant from Australia to Philippines, 
including from recruitment to process training, baselining and stabilisation 

 A competent professional with 10+ years of experience in HRO Operations Management, Payroll 
Process Management, subject matter expert & project management. 

 A Payroll expert with multinational payroll/legislation experience including US, AUS, UK and UK 
Expat payroll, Leaves/Absence management, hire to retire and Service Helpdesk Management. 

 Lean Master certified in Process Improvement (7 project). Six sigma GB and Lean trained, 
tested. Saved hours and given cost benefit to multiple client projects.  

 RPA and LDT knowledge as per industrial trending, Six sigma Yellow belt Certified with skills in 
spearheading innovative and process improvement by applying KAIZEN and LEAN 
methodologies. 

 Payroll Processing functional and implementation knowledge in payroll tool while designing, 
implementing and administering payroll policies and procedures to ensure accurate and timely 
compliance with statutory obligations / SLAs. 

 More than 7 years in managing People and team and Proficient in managing & leading teams 
for running successful process operations & experience of developing procedures, service standards 
for business excellence. 

 
CERTIFICATION 

• Graduated from the school of effective and aspiring leaders (SEAL) 12-mar-15 

(Part of Genpact leadership development programme initiative) 
• Lean master Certified for successfully completion of 7 projects with $ saving business 

impact to client and additional revenue generation 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE 

 
HR Applications: 
 People soft 
 ERP HR- Lawson 
 Oracle 12i 
 Service Now 
 CRM, Kronos (time and system) 

 Citrix, Image Now 
 Time and Attendance System (DTX, ThoR) 
 Business Objective and F Secure 
 

Functional Skills 
Operations Management 
 Mapping business requirements and coordinating in developing and implementing processes in line 

with pre-set guidelines. 

 Setting up targets, SOP & SLA, setting and maintaining CTQ (Critical to Quality) / CTP (Critical to 
Process) targets. 

 Designing dashboards for operations; monitoring day to day resolution closures and case aging to 
ensure timely resolution. 

 



Payroll Administration 
 Managing hire to retire payroll processing functions ensuring timely transfer of EFT payments to bank.  

 Processing payroll as per: 

o Hiring, Leave, Short term disability, Absence, Payment, Deduction, Termination and Leavers. 
o Off of Cycle Payment using CHAPS, BACS and online checks. 

 Handling: 

o Salary Revisions and Terminations. 
o Recruitments on Ad-hoc basis. 
o Employee Queries and Town hall Meetings. 

 Designing, implementing and administering payroll policies and procedures to ensure accurate and 
timely compliance with statutory obligations. 

 Coordinating for:  

o Payroll Processing, Reconciliation of Payroll Heads. 
o Checking and auditing all payrolls, ensuring legislative compliance (tax compliance, etc). 

 
Process Transition 
 Customizing plan in preparing & implementing Standard Operating Procedure for transitioning the 

payroll process. 

 Managing specific payroll processes, reviewing SOP’s and suggesting improvements; ensuring any 
operational process changes are taken into account. 

 Maintaining the process quality by performing audits starting form validation to central checking. 

 

Employee Welfare 
 Interacting with customers to clarify report requirements and resolving the issues; processing full and 

final settlements. 

 Interacting with employees through Helpdesk (E-Mail) and explaining the tax rules and investments 
for submission; meeting SLAs of Helpdesk process by clarifying doubts about tax & their pay checks. 

 Coordinating with customers to clarify report requirements and resolving the issues; processing Full 
and Final settlements. 

 
Training and Development / Team Management 
 Understanding development needs by conducting Training Need Analysis, GAP Analysis & Base-lining; 

managing transition training of processes for the team and ensuring effective knowledge transfer. 

 Providing floor support for the team members and resolving their queries. 

 Conducting regular process training for team members based on the feedback received from client & 
quality check team. 

 
CAREER CONTOUR 

 

Since Feb’ 15: Genpact Philippines, Manila 
Assistant Manager – Suncorp Australia HR Shared services and Payroll Operations 

 
About Suncorp- Suncorp is one of Australia’s largest financial services brands offering Home and Motor 

Insurance, Banking, Life Insurance, and Superannuation. 
Suncorp Group Limited is an Australian finance, insurance, and banking corporation based in Brisbane, 

Queensland, Australia. One of Australia's largest banks and its largest general insurance group. 
Role: 
 4-business travel to Australia and 2 to Philippines for HRO projects like Solution Identification, 

Reengineering and HRO transition. 

 Subject matter expert in HR payroll and annual performance appraisal system (rewards) for newly 
transitioned HRO from Suncorp Australia to Philippines 

 Involved in hiring and training the HRO setup for 80 FTE.  

 Actively involved in recruiting, shortlisting and grouping of right resource 

 Mentor for pre-process training and knowledge transfer 

 Client accredited as Australian payroll operations team leader. 

Current Role 

 Successfully transformed the change management in completely new geographical and cultural work 

environment. 

 Leading 3 different team with 3 different level of service to payroll operations, reward performance 
review and workflow management 

 Serving 15000 employee on their Superannuation set up, contribution and refund 

 Established very good client relationship for better service delivery and customer management.  

 Performing all supervisorial activities like coaching, time and attendance, overtime, NTE and CAP, one 
on one, goal setting and performance appraisal. 

 Meeting all the client contractual SLA with different strategies 

 Managing root cause analysis, HR documentation of performance, reporting analysis and variable 
incentive. 



 Preparing and contributing weekly, fortnightly and monthly review on all client SLA and presentation. 

July’ 13- Jan 15: Genpact, Gurgaon 
Management Trainee – Team Leader US payroll 

Role: 
 Driving payroll process operations; managing US Semi-Monthly, Biweekly, weekly and Monthly 

both for normal and Executive Payroll process. 

 Smoothly transitioned the process from a fortune 10 company’s payroll (McKesson-US 124 billion 
Pharmacy Company). Gone through ramp up training and On the job training also certified as an SME 

 Handling a team of 17 members from different payroll and non-payroll back ground.  

 Preparing monthly one on one and monthly variable incentive of team members performance 

 Executing monthly and annual appraisal sharing feedback, rewarded and recognised based on 
contribution 

 Assuring HR, senior leadership skips held on time. 

 Assuring timeliness Pay Run as per SLA to roll out of checks and direct deposits: 

o Work forces pull sign off activity (Time and attendance). 

o Queries and reports 

o Fixing errors (State tax, withholdings, EE payment) 

o Term with pay employee 

o Variance pay 

o Deduction arrears 

o Pre-confirm audit and then confirm 

 Metrics reporting and publishing, weekly, biweekly and Monthly for Service delivery to all the business 

stake holders. 

 Handling SLA as per client; both critical and urgent cases response and resolution within the time frame 
to meet the SLA and turnaround time through E-Mail and phone calls and tickets. 

 Administering quarterly and year end activity (State and federal tax adjustment) 

 Performing ESPP, garnishment, benefit and 401K as per policy and labour law.  

 Payroll, benefits and taxes consistent with government labour and statutory laws. 

 Handling work force access management and reporting. 

 Payroll Account Reconciliations in people soft system for timely and error free delivery. 

 Monthly process knowledge test SOP administration and updates 

   

Attainments: 
 

 2 best FLM award in 2017 and 2018 for outstanding contribution and service delivery 

 Awarded a BRONZE cheers outstanding contributor in IT transitioning, testing and live of client tools- 
people soft ERP, CRM and WFC in 2013. 

 Customer awards for consistency delivery and positive approach. 

 Silver award for outstanding contribution in FLM deliverables  

 

May’ 10- June’ 13: Capgemini India Private Limited, Location  
Consultant - Payroll Administrator  

 
Role: 
 Steering entire array of payroll process operations in the organisation; managing UK Monthly 

Director and EXPAT Payroll process. 

 Oversaw timely Payroll Processing including: 

o New Hire Payroll Information, Leaves & Absence, Payment & Deduction, SSP, Maternity, 
Adoption, Sabbatical, Leavers, Payment after Leaver, Overpayment, Out of cycle 
Payment, Journals, BACS & CHAPS. 

o Redundancies, Maternity and Sickness pay. 

 Applying 24 month rule, taxation, NI and Salary securities. 

 Handling taxation activities as per HMRC Legislation rules and guidelines; responded to tax queries 
through E-Mail and phone calls. 

 Administering monthly disbursement of: 

o Multi-state payroll for US entities, including garnishments, benefits & taxes as per 
government labour and statutory laws. 

o Payroll, benefits and taxes consistent with government labour and statutory laws. 

 Overseeing timely payroll processing and ensuring all over payments, out of hours, voluntary and all 
Garnishment deductions. 

 Handling Journal and Payroll accounting using NOP system for billing and inform finance department. 

 Performing Payroll Account Reconciliations in Oracle system for timely and error free delivery. 

 Generating monthly reports and statutory returns such as Payroll Tax, Workers Compensation, etc. 

 Supporting internal reporting requirements i.e. Annual leave & Inter-company reports, etc. 

 



Attainments: 
 Holds the distinction of being conferred with Project Star Award of Q3-2011 for outstanding 

contribution & delivery. 

 Demonstrated leadership skills and credited for being selected by IPP International Awards as 
Team of the Year 2010. 

 

 
Dec’ 07 – May’ 10: Staffing Concept International (HR Outsourcing)  

Process Associate (Quality Assurance) 
A HR Business Process Outsourcing solution that includes HR Technology, HR Administration Services as 

well as HR Professional Support. 
 

Major Assignments Handled: 
As Subject Matter Expert 
 
Role: 
 Spearheaded operations as Subject Matter Expert for US Payroll process; managed over 350 clients 

based in Tampa, Atlanta, Orlando, Chicago and Dothan. 

 Uploaded data in system through Time Card Analysis, CSV Upload and Web based 

 Involved in payroll processing including: 

o Analyzing standard working hours and overtime hours as per the Federal law. 

o Checking the correct tax, voluntary and statutory deductions by pulling consolidated data 
from system. 

o Termination, Work Hour Change, Rate change based on instructions given. 

 Generated invoices and segregated into cheque payment or direct debit. 
 Ensured timely printing of pay slips & standard time card as per 3rd party requirements. 
 Managed Invoicing, Processing of Void, Out of cycle and net zero cheques. 
 Administered Workers Compensation, Benefit and Wage Garnishment. 

 

As Quality Analyst 

 
Role: 
 Conducting internal and external audit through sampling as per the Six Sigma Methodology. 
 Prepared records and generation of Time & Quality report for timely submission to the finance team. 
 Drafted quarterly individual performance report based on quality & turnaround time for each process. 
 Effectively managed pay control for both Internal (India) and Global (US) backend processing.  
 Conducted Package and Distribution Audit, IAF Audit as well as prepared LOG. 
 Performed knowledge transfer as per the new updates provided by client and 3rd party.  
 Defined and prepared Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) and manuals.  
 

Attainments: 

 Conferred with: 

o Best Quality Contribution Award in Payroll in 2009. 

o Outstanding Quality Analyst award for the Q4 in 2009 

 

EDUCATION 
 Master in Business Administration (Finance) from FM University in 2007. 

 Bachelor in Commerce from Berhampur University in 2003. 

 
IT Skills: 
 Proficient with Microsoft Excel, VBA Coding, Word, PowerPoint, Access and Visio 
 HR Shared Services and HR Helpdesk. 
 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

Date of Birth  : 15th July 1982 

Linguistic Abilities : English, Hindi, Oriya 

Address   : 14I, Tower 1, One Orchard, Eastwood, Quezon City, Philippines 


