















































Sneha Agrawal 
     HR Specialist 8121823530 

 snehaag1591@gmail.com 

 www.linkedin.com/in/sneha-agrawal-HR 
 

 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE 

 
HR processes & systems 

Employee Induction 

Employee Engagement 

Performance Management 

Employee Relations 

Rewards and Recognition  

Training need identification 

Employee lifecycle 

Employee Surveys                                                                                    

Employee Orientation 

Onboarding- Offboarding 
 

 
HR Data Management 

 

 
CAREER STATEMENT 

 
“My greatest strengths are 
first my strong commitment 
towards my work. Second 
my ability to connect with 
people which in turn helps 
me to gain in-depth 
understanding of their 
individual needs. Third my 
real passion for the HR field 
as a whole, which allows me 
to spot trends and develop 
better practices and 
processes.” 

               PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 

 
Strategic and innovative professional with an aim to translate business 
vision into initiatives that improve performance, growth and employee 
engagement. Possess consultative and interpersonal skills. 

 
WORK EXPERIENCE 

 
➢ HR Executive - Apps Associates Pvt. Ltd (Aug 2015- Sep 2017). 

 
➢ Employee Success Specialist- BuzzBoard Pvt Ltd (Sep 2017- Till date) 

 

o HR Operations: Managed HR information system with streamlining 
employee database,  maintaining personal files and publishing monthly 
MIS along with preparing reports. End to end employee pre-joining 
formalities. 
 

o Employee Engagement: Initiated various engagement programs such as 
onboarding, session with leadership, one-on-one sessions, leadership 
training programs and other initiatives for retention.   

 
o Performance management: Facilitated the performance appraisal 

process along with gathering data for and generating reports as 

required. 

 
o HR Policies: Worked on revamping various policies like leave, 

Performance management system. 
 

o HR Programs: Implemented many new systems and programs in the 
organization for employee better processes like, streamlining induction 
process and having group as well as one on one session and designing 
the boarding and off boarding process. 

 

o Reward and Recognition Programs (R&R): Designing and implementing 
various reward & recognition programs to motivate employees. 

 
o Employee Induction: Responsible for managing complete induction 

plan for new hire’s also analyzing and sharing induction feedback with 
the leadership. 

 
o Grievance Handling: Responsible for addressing grievances of the 

employees, coordination of various helpdesks and ticketing system. 
Also providing advisory support to employees. 

mailto:snehaag1591@gmail.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/sneha-agrawal-HR


 PERSONAL SKILLS 

 
Strategic 

Organized 

Energetic 

Time management  

Enthusiastic learner 

 Attention to detail 

Ardent Communicator 

Tactful & articulate 

o Event Management: Responsible for organizing annual outings and     
various other corporate functions. Health Camps and other events. 

 

o Training and development: Responsible for sourcing, analyzing 
mapping current trainings against compliance matrix to determine 
gaps and trainings required. 

 
o Employee Surveys: Conducted various employee surveys and prepared 

reports based on the surveys. 
 

o HR Audit : Gathering and compiling the data required for the Audit and 
ensuring the compliance is maintained. 

 
 
 
ACCOLADES: 

o Spot award for exceptional hiring in BI applications 
o Spot award for taking the initiative and designing the “Onboarding 

Program” as a part of retention strategy. 
o SPARKLE award for Streamlining MIS and taking initiatives for better 

processes. 
 

EXTRA CURRICULAR: 
 

o Yoga enthusiast 
o Volunteer in National Service Scheme organized by Osmania university 
o Associated with the Prem Rawat Foundation 

AFFILIATIONS: 

o Member of SHRM 

o Member of National Human Resource Development (NHRD)                                              

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

o MBA in International Business 2013-15 (Gitam School of International 
Business, Visakhapatnam) 

o B.com ( Osmania University- Hyderabad ) 
o 12

th 
Board of intermediate- (A.P) 

o 10
th  

C.B.S.E ( Bhartiya Vidya Bhavan’s) 

 

    IT Skills: 

 

o MS office ( Word, Excel, Powerpoint) 

o Oracle HCM 

o SumHR (HRMS Tool) 
 

PERSONAL DETAILS 
 

o Father's Name   :  Anil Kumar Agrawal 
o Gender :  Female 

o Date of Birth :  18
th 

June 1992 


