














































 

 

 
 

Objective 

             

        To pursue a challenging career in an organization offering opportunities for utilizing my skills 

and talent towards the growth of the organization. 

 

Education 
 

Educational 

Qualification 

Institute Board / University Year % marks / CGPA 

B.Tech, Electronics 

and Communication 

Engg. (ECE) 

Vimal Jyothi 

Engineering College, 

Chemperi, Kannur 

 

Kannur University 

      

2010-2014 

 

63.00% 

 

Plus Two 

Sacred Heart HSS, 

Payyavoor, Kannur 
Board of HSE 

Kerala 

 

2010 

 

82.00% 

 

S.S.L.C 

St.Kuriakose Pubic 

school, Kaduthuruthy. 
 

C B S E 

 

2008 

 

82.20% 

 

 

 

 

 

CYRIL MATHEW 
 

Contact 

 

Mob       :  +91 9035007440 

E-mail    :  cyrilmathew777 @gmail.com 

Roles And Responsibilities  

 

 Experience in Configuring and Deploying instances on Amazon Web services. 
 In-depth experience with Amazon AWS Cloud Services, (EC2, S3, EBS, ELB, Cloud Watch, Elastic 

IP, RDS, SNS, SQS,) and managing security groups on AWS. 

 Expertise in designing the network layer, right from specifying the CIDR Ranges for the virtual 
private cloud in multiple regions to specifying the CIDR ranges for the subnets lying inside each VPC 

 Experienced in designing and establishing the connectivity between VPCs of same region (VPC 
Peering), design VPC tunneling between VPCs in different regions. 

 Expertise in designing and implementing Computer layer, like Amazon Machine Image Design and 
customization, Automation Scripts. 

 Experience in designing and implementing auto scaling across all the environments (Dev, Production, 
Testing).  

 Expertise in designing and Implement databases in the infrastructure using RDS resulting high 
availability, best IOPS. Leverage automated backups feature of RDS to enable point in time recovery. 

 Expertise in configuring the monitoring and alerting tools according to the requirement like 
AWSCloudWatch, AWS CloudTrail, VPN connections.  

 Experience in configuring Elastic Bean Stalk for developers to quickly deploy application for testing 
and pushing developed code for testing. 

 

Company Designation From  To 

Societe Generale Global 

Solution Centre 

Technical Support 

Engineer 

14-01-2016 31-10-2017 

Rooman Technologies Desktop Support 08-01-2015 15-10-2015 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Technical Skills 

 Network Administration 
o Good understanding of switches, hubs and topologies 
o Setting up user accounts, permissions and passwords to allow access to the network 
o OSI model , TCP/IP protocol 

 Windows System Administration 
o Installation and configuration of Active Directory 
o Installation and configuration of Windows 7, 8,  Server 2008 r2 
o Managing Group Policies 

 File Servers and NAS Storage 

 Linux Administration 
o Installation and configuration of Linux OS 

Applications  
                            Office 365,   MS Office, VMware, InDesign CC,   Dream weaver CC 

Additional skills  

 

 Outlook Configuration and Data handling 
 Remote desktop and Remote assistance 
 OS, Software Installation and Data back up 
 User Profiles Management and Regedit. 
 Installation, configuration, diagnose and resolve technical issues. 
 Troubleshooting PC Hardware and OS related problems.  
 Maintaining SCCM tool to push the windows and OS patches. 
 Managing AD and IP Reservation in DHCP 
 Distribution List creation and Management. 

 

Courses 

 

 Cloud Essentials by Linux Academy 
 AWS Certified Solutions Architect- Associate 
 Infrastructure Management Service Specialist (IMSS)  

o CCNA, MCITP, LINUX, VM Ware, Outlook Configuration 
 

Interests/ Hobbies 

 Cooking 
 Bike Riding & Driving 
 Playing  Football, Badminton and Table Tennis 

Personal Details 

Date of Birth             :    28-06-1992 

Gender                      :     Male 

Fathers Name            :    Mathew 

Languages Known    :    English, Hindi & Malayalam    



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

         

   

            

 

           BENGALURU                           CYRIL MATHEW 

            _ _ / _ _ / _ _ _ _                          
     

 

 

  Permanent Address 

   Moolakkatt House,  Payyavoor P.O,  Kannur Dt,  Kerala,  Pin- 670633 

   Present Address 

   #T1,  Babu Reddy building, 9th cross, Bellandur,  Bengaluru- 560 

References 

          

 Mr. Shine Joy, UNIX Team lead, Societe Generale 

 

 Mail ID : shine.joy@socgen.com 
  

Mob: +91 9886639948 
 

Conclusion 

         

  I hereby declare that all the information mentioned above is true, complete and correct to 

  best of my knowledge and belief.  
 

mailto:shine.joy@socgen.com

