















































 

 

 

 

 

Bhumik M Trivedi 
bhumik2050@live.com 

95377 15700 (M) 
 
Specialty in Data Analytics and DWH/BI Testing with 4.6 years of experience in Quality Assurance and 
Data Analytics (R) for a Fortune 100 client. 

Professional Summary:-                                                                                             

● 4.6 Years of IT experience in ETL Architecture, Testing, enhancement, maintenance, Production 
support, Data Modeling, Data Analytics, Reporting, AML Testing. 

● Experience in various Business Analytics models – Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, 
Clustering, Market Basket Analysis, Predictive Modeling, Machine Learning, Classification 
Regression, Random Forest, Model Assessment and Mode Implementation using R. 

● Knowledge on Various ETL, Reporting, and Database testing tools like Informatica, SQL Server, 
and Oracle SQL developer with strong SQL coding skills. 

● Worked on reporting tool like OBIEE 11g report testing. 
● Strong experience across Oracle Mantas AML tool and Mantas Trade Blotter. 
● Lead projects from initialization phase from capturing business requirements to final phases of 

SDLC/STLC. 
● Actively Involved in Test Planning, Estimation and Sprint task Prioritization, Defect triage call, 

Daily & weekly progress status reporting to business in Agile Sprint. 

● Experienced in End user training, documentation, and Audit record maintenance and application 
and product demos. 

● Proficient in using HPQC and Aha! for various testing processes. 
● Ability to quickly adapt to changing priorities, requests, and Agile environments. 

● Dedicated to maintain high quality standards. 
● Strong communication skills.  

Educational Qualification 

Bachelor of Engineering (Electrical Department) – Kalol Institute of Technology and Research Center, 
Gujarat Technological University (2009- 2013) (70.6%). 
HSC –K.P.E.S English School, Bhavnagar, Gujarat, Gujarat State Board (2009) (73.4%) 
SSC –K.P.E.S English School, Bhavnagar, Gujarat, Gujarat State Board (2007) (78.46%) 

Work Experience  

Capgemini India                                                                                                                         Jan 2014 – July 2018 

Designation:  Associate Consultant – QA 

 

mailto:bhumik2050@live.com


 

 

 

 

 

Project 3: AOE Phase II Data warehouse and Analytics                                                 May 2016 – July 2018 

 

Client  :  LPL Financial 

Domain               :  Banking and Financial  

Role  :  ETL/DWH tester, OBIEE 11g tester, Data Analytics 

Team Size  :  4 team members 

Tool Used :  OBIEE 11g, Oracle SQL Developer, Microsoft SQL server, DIS job scheduler,                                                                                 
Informatica, R 

Responsibilities 

● Responsible for validating the ETL/DIS Jobs that will load the historical and current(ongoing) data for  
Ipipeline, BTR and NSCC/DTCC that would be loaded from respective servers to Oracle Exadata. 

● Responsible for validating the reporting platform for AOE Phase 2 project i.e OBIEE 11g to generate 
adhoc reports for BTR, Ipipeline and NSCC data feeds with respect to the data in Oracle Exadata box. 

● Responsible for monitoring the time taken to generate the OBIEE reports to track performance. 
● Creation of test strategy and test plan. 
● Creation of Logistic Regression Model in R (Build, Performance Tuning and Model validation). 

Project 2: Mantas Enhancements                                                                                        Mar 2015 – July 2018 

Client  :  LPL Financial 

Domain               :  Banking & Financial  

Role  :  ETL/AML QA Analyst, Data Analytics  

Oracle Mantas ECTC(Energy and Commodity trading compliance ) provides comprehensive functionality 
to automate trade surveillance; identify unusual behaviors of interest on trading desks of energy and 
commodities market participants; effectively manage rigorous trading and market-making surveillance 
processes; meet stringent regulatory requirements; and achieve an operating environment that protects 
a firm’s reputation and customers. Oracle Mantas is part of the oracle financial Service Analytical 
Applications. 

Responsibilities 

● Actively involved in ETL testing using Oracle SQL Developer and SQL server. 
● Attending daily stand up scrum call with onshore Client team, Oracle team. 
● Actively involved in testing of Data ingestion, Data model, Alert Management which are all 

important steps for Mantas solution. 

● Reviewed and analyze compliance monitoring reports and other related source documents for 
suspicious/unusual patterns of activity. 

● Performed quality assurance review of due diligence investigations. 

● Creation of Random Forest Model using R. (Build, Performance Tuning and Model validation) 



 

 

 

 

 

Project 1: Customer Analytics System (CAS)                                                                    April 2014 – Mar 2015 

Client  :  San Diego Gas & Electric (SDG&E) 

Domain  :  Gas and Utility  

Role  :  ETL/DWH Tester 

Team    :  I handled the project from offshore as an individual assignment. 

Tool Used :  MS SQL Server 2008, IBM DB2, HPQC 

Responsibilities 

● Worked with analytical team member to create SQL codes for different NBO which were to be 
validated in SAS. 

● Handled End to End Datawarehouse operations and did rigorous testing in order to verify data is 
perfectly loaded to target database. 

● Responsible for checking the data through the statistical analysis like correlation & Regression, 
Normal distributions and Sampling Distributions.  

Achievements/Interests: 

● “MadhyamaPurna” (4th year) Certificate in TablaVadan. 
● An ‘A’ Certificate in NCC Air Force 
● Attended Annual Training Camp Held in Gujarat from 20-29th Oct 2005 under No.3 GUJ AIR 

SQN NCC. 

Certifications  

● Ongoing certification on “Business Analytics with R” from Edureka. Expected to be completed 
by 15th August 2018. The course includes various studies and implementation of Models and 
Machine/Deep Learning by R. 

Personal Details  

Date of Birth  :    27th February 1992 
Marital Status  :    Single 
Language known :    English, Hindi and Gujarati 
Passport  :    L8108328 valid till 21th March 2024 

 
        I am comfortable travelling up to 70% of time, should it be required. 
 

This is declaring that the information mentioned above is true to the best of 
my knowledge. 

 

Place: - Mumbai 

  



 

 

 

 

 

 


	Professional Summary:-
	Educational Qualification
	Work Experience
	Project 3: AOE Phase II Data warehouse and Analytics                                                 May 2016 – July 2018
	Responsibilities
	Project 2: Mantas Enhancements                                                                                        Mar 2015 – July 2018
	Responsibilities
	Project 1: Customer Analytics System (CAS)                                                                    April 2014 – Mar 2015
	Responsibilities
	Achievements/Interests:
	Certifications
	Personal Details

