









































Microsoft Word - Vishnugopalan_CV.docx


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

  

  

  

Technical Skills Summary 
Tech    : A+ , N+ , CCNA , MCSA , REDHAT ENTERPRISES Course    
              completed. 
 

 

OS  : Windows 98/ ME/ XP/ VISTA/ WINDOWS7, W 8.1,   
                Win 10, Win 2003,2008 ,2012r2 Server, Linux &Mac. 
 

Mail  : Outlook Express, Office Outlook. thunder bird 
 

Ticketing tool : AHD, OS_ticket 
 

Office  : All Office Products. 
 
 

Knowledge in Office 365, Azure, Lotus Notes 
 

Knowledge in network tools such as iptables, Linux IPVS, HAProxy .    
                          Routing protocols (RIP, EIGRP, OSPF) 
 
 

Knowledge in VMware, Xen Server, cloud computing (Amazon EC2),  
                           Apache HTTP Server. 

 
VISHNUGOPALAN              
L1 DESKTOP SUPPORT / SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR 
+91 9447 415 429 / vishnugopalan@hotmail.com / info@vishnugopalan.com  

IT Professional with over 5+ Years of experience, in the field of IT Technical 
Support and Systems Administration. Currently working as Systems 
Administrator as SAKSHI ADVERTISING & PR, DIC, Dubai. since Nov 2016 

Ability to maintain IT resources and management Versatile team player with excellent skills and can 
work in a group as well as individually to handle the IT Resources problems. 

Executive Summary 

Personal Data 
 Desktop related Troubleshooting 
 Active Directory, Exchange server implementation  
 Desktop &Server OS related Troubleshooting 
 Remote support for the client location PC’s and servers. 
 Desktop Level 1 support 
 Printer management and troubleshooting, Network management. 
 Experience in a Remote Support /Technical Support environment 
 Software installations and configuration 
 Gsuite Configuration & Administration, MS Office Products. 
 Domain controller & Webhosting Management. 
 VPS server configuration with Linux system. 
 Respond to and resolve help desk requests 
 IT Asset management using different tools and 
 providing advice on selection and purchase of IT equipment. 

 

 
Date of Birth  :31-01-89 
Sex   : Male 
Nationality  : Indian 
Marital Status  : Single 
Languages  : English,      

  Malayalam 
                &Tamil. 

Passport Number : H8851599 
 
 
ADDRESS  : 
 

Paravila Puthen Veedu, 
Aylara (P.O), Kollam-691 312, 
Kerala 
 
 
EDUCATION :  
 

B. Com with Computer Application 
from University Institute of 
Technology, University of Kerala. 
 
 
MY STRENGTHS: 
 

Positive, Confident approach, 
Optimistic & Ready to take Challenge 
Very short learning curves for adapting 
to a new technology management 
Excellent team player 

Area of Expertise 

D497-2142 F159-1644 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 ` 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Professional Experience 

Desktop Support (ORISYSINDIA)- Nov 13 to Aug 16 

 Provide end user Technical support, Handling Infra Structure (Desktop, Laptop, Servers, Printers Etc…) 
 Install Web (Apache, NGINX), FTP, DNS and MySQL Database servers, Configure VPS using Linux Applications. 
 Configure web server for application deployment. Configure and integrate SSL certificate. 
 Installation and configuration of Asterisk server on Linux based OS. 
 Management of Project repositories at the organization using Subversion SVN. 
 Troubleshooting, Periodic checkups, maintenance and backup of servers hosted in house as well as at client 

location. - Attend customer calls and offer solutions. 
 Infrastructure implementation at client site for on time project delivery. 
 Installation and configuration of OS (Windows and Linux) and software for application development. 
 Domain and Email management for parent company as well as clients & Management of hosting servers using 

WHM and CPanel. 
 Internal IT Asset management, Documentation and timely update of various processes. 

Systems Engineer (Infosys Ltd) (FRONTIER BUSINESS SYSTEMS)- Feb 2012 to Nov13 

 Installation and configuration of Windows OS (XP, Window7, Windows 8 2003& 2008, 2012 r2 Server) and 
Linux OS (Red Hat, Ubuntu, Linux mint). 

 Provide end user Technical support based on SLA tickets (supporting more than 3000 users) 
 Link calls to known issues. Escalating issue to responsible team 
 Monitoring & Analysis of Systems and Network Performance 
 Attending customer calls and providing support with Ticket No AHD and SLA 
 Troubleshooting OS and various software related issues 
 Implementing, Managing and Troubleshooting Hardware Devices and Drives. 
 Monitoring and Optimizing System Performance and Reliability. 
 Driver software installation and troubleshooting. 
 Document resolutions for future reference. 
 Perform other duties as assigned. 

Declaration 

Systems Administrator (Sakshi Advertising & PR)- Nov 16 to  

 Active Directory -User administration (setup and maintaining account), Configuration with client machines. 
 VoIP Management with Asterisk pbx system 
 Infrastructure management & support for Desktop servers, Laptop, Printers, CCTV and Biometric systems. 
 Email management with Gsuite Account and different email clients. 
 Backup systems configurations & Management with Backupper tool, Software RAID configurations in server. 
 Troubleshooting of hardware and software technologies. 
 Antivirus endpoint systems configuration and administration. 
 Website and Social network sites management. 
 Providing advice on selection and purchase of IT equipment. 

I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true and constant to the best of my 
knowledge and belief. 

Yours Sincerely 
 Vishnugopalan                                                                                                    https://in.linkedin.com/in/vishnugopalan 


