












































Microsoft Word - Piyush Resume.docx


RESUME  
 

PIYUSH SHARMA 
 

237A, S K Nagar, Rishra (Hooghly) 
 

Email id: piyushsharma010389@gmail.com 
 

Contact No. : +919804108294 

 

 

 

Career Objective: 
 

I strive to secure a challenging position and grow within the organization through a thorough 

understanding of the Company’s work culture and observe integrity in my execution; be a part of 

its growth and add value through my hard work and perseverance. 
 

Work Experience: 

 

NAME OF 
DEPARTMENT DESIGNATION WORK SPAN 

 

ORGANIZATION 
 

    

GENPACT Accounts Process 
9th January, 2012 – 1st November, 
2013  

 Payable Associate   
     

GENPACT Accounts Process 
18th November, 2013 – 1st November, 
2014  

 Payable Developer   

CAPGEMINI 
General 
Ledger Associate 30th November, 2015 – Till Date  

 (R2R) Consultant   

     
     
 
 
 

 

Job Description at CAPGEMINI : 
 

Working as Associate Consultant for General Ledger & Accounts Payable. 

 

Role and Responsibility: 

 

• Inter-company reconciliation: Responsible for inter company reconciliation for 
AP view point. Accrual posting for transit copies and with reasonable comment 
. 

• Journal entries: The entire Journal request from location or self initiated are 
being posted.  



• Warranty and Obsolescence provision: responsible to calculate warranty 

provision and Obsolescence . 

• Trials Balance: Trials Balance preparation with complete validation and 

making comparison with previous period also. 

• Reconciliation: Sub-ledger to main balance and with Balance Sheet validation; 
and after the period close have to provide support for all GL’s. 

• Payroll: Responsible for payroll posting and also clearing regularly those GL’s. 

• Reporting: After GL close activity all GL balance, assets and liabilities to report 

in HFM and making validation Zero over there. 

• Control Report: After reporting in group level, comments are given to control 

report for all remarkable deviation. 

• Sole responsibility for prepare for all JE posting to Balance Reporting  for a 

entity. 

 

 

Job Description at Genpact: 
 

Worked for client, a chemical company based out at Woodlands, USA. I 

joined GENPACT as Process Developer for Netherland and Great Britain 

transactions. 
 

Roles & Responsibilities: 

 

➢ Core job of Invoice transaction processing (Accounts 

Payable) along with reporting in SAP.  
 

➢ Knowledge of various transaction codes in SAP for processing invoices.  

 
➢ Maintaining a healthy relation with client through interpersonal skills.   
➢ Quality checking and data verification of the invoice processed.  

 
➢ Queue monitoring and assigning works to colleagues.  

 
➢ Handling calls to resolve the query of Vendors.  

➢ Reporting on daily basis to clients as per their requirement.  
 

➢ Working knowledge of Workflow Savvion.  
 

➢ Handling Help Desk within TAT (Turn Around Time) without compromising VST  
 
 
Achievements: 
 
➢ Recognized by GENPACT, thrice, in two years span, as Best Processor.  

 
➢ Received Cash Reward from client.  

 

➢ Received DIP (Special Deferred Income Plan). 

➢ Recognized CAPGEMINI as best performance for year 2016. 

 

 

 



 

 Educational Qualification:  

 

➢ B. Com(H) from City College of Commerce and Business Administration under 

Calcutta University in 2011.  
 
➢ Higher Secondary from Rishra Vani Bharati under WBCHSE in 2008.  

 
➢ Secondary from Rishra Vani Bharati under WBBSE in 2006.  

 

 

Computer Proficiency: MS Office, Tally, SAP and Workflow Savvion 

 

 
 
Strength: 

 

➢ Hard working  
 
➢ Quick Learner   
➢ Flexible  

 
Personal Details: 
 
➢ Father’s Name: Pawan Kumar Sharma  

 
➢ Date of Birth: 1st March, 1989   
➢ Gender: Male  

 
➢ Marital Status: Unmarried  

 
➢ Language Known: English, Hindi and Bengali  

 
➢ Religion: Hindu  

 
➢ Hobbies: Playing Cricket and Watching Movies  

 
➢ Nationality: Indian  

 
 

I hereby declare that the information provided above is correct and true to the best of my 

knowledge and belief. 
 
 

 

Date: 

 
Place: Kolkata  
Piyush Sharma 
 


