
















































`
Debasish Ghosh

Personal Information

	Sex
	Male
	

	Nationality
	INDIAN
	

	Marital Status
	Single
	

	Date Of Birth
	7th December 1989
	

	Father’s  Name
	Sri Prakash Chandra Ghosh
	

	Religion 
	Hindu                      
	

	
	 C/o Prakash Ch Ghosh, 56-Saktigarh, road no 5, Siliguri 
 P.O. Siliguri Bazar,  Pin 734005, West Bengal

	Permanent Address 
	

	Current  Adders
	Garia Laskarpur Kalitala, Shibani Appartment , Flat no A1, 1st Floor 
Near: Laskarpur Girls’ School, Kolkata- 700153         

	Connect no
	8240646678

	E-mail
	debasish712@rediffmail.com

	Highest Qualification  
	MBA in Finance (Jadavpur University)

	Currently Working 
	Capgemini India Technology services Pvt. Ltd. as a Consultant 



Professional Skills:


	Key Skill Set
	R to R Fixed asset ,GL and  financial reporting  ,  Oracle, MS Excel,  SAS, Analytics, MS Excel, R, 

	Expertise
	· Expertise in Preparing Journal entry and reconciliation  
· R 2 R reporting using Oracle BO, Cognos and MS excel 
· Preparation of customize Report (Flash report, Close Store report, Netting, Time Transfer, Subcontracting , Cash report, Analysis Per Grade)
· Invoice process and raise(PA and AR module) of oracle
· Analyzing Financial data, Balance sheet, income statement
· Experience in BI tools  like SAS, R, Oracle and Advance excel for Business Analytics
· Use of PROC SQL queries to prepare tables, graph, Report etc.





Work Life :

	Designation
	Consultant at Capgemini India Technology services Pvt. Ltd

	Duration 
	 Working in Capgemini Kolkata since April, 2015 in R2R domain

	Transition for FA
	Went to Bengaluru for Fixed Asset transition for 1 month.
and complete it successfully 

	




Job

Profile






	
Fixed
Asset & GL
	 Maintain different Fixed Asset accounts for Office Depot 

	
	
	Prepare and Pass Journal Entry for different FA accounts, Perform reconciliation for different Accounts, prepares different reports like Flash report, Closed store report using Oracle, HFM and Cognos.

	
	
	Retirement and transfer of asset, revaluation asset, location Assessment

	
	Inventory 
	Perform Error recycle rectification,  GSS PO Commission Report  

	
	


Paris 
Reporting



	Delivered Management reporting pack for different Business units of Capgemini France.

	
	
	Delivered reports on Cash receivable, Salary Report, Payment process YTD  for France technology Services, prepare DG BO Budget report using HFM, SWIP reporting and analysis  using N2K and BO data, Allocation of expenses(RAF),  Printing report

	
	
	Invoicing in PA and AR module of Oracle R-12, Netting, E-invoicing for DG France, Volvo invoicing

	
	
	Prepare Netting, Time transfer, Subcontracting and Discounting in Oracle, Invoicing follow up Report  on Excel

	Achievements
	Promoted Associated Consultant to Consultant  in 2017

	
	Win spot award two times for outstanding performance on October 2015 and February 2016 and September 2017.  

	
	Win Process Development  Award in October 2016

	
	Receive Certificate of Kaizen in November 2016 for the Lean idea to save time in WTR reporting


	
	Successfully complete Fixed Asset transition in Bengaluru 



Academic Qualifications

	Education
	Post-Graduation
	Graduation
	Higher Secondary
(Class 12)
	Secondary
(Class 10)

	Degree / Stream
	Master of Business Administration  
M.B. A(Finance)
	Bachelor in Commerce 
B.Com
	Higher Secondary
	Secondary Examination

	Year
	2014
	2010
	2007
	2005

	University / 
Board
	Jadavpur University
	University of North             Bengal
	West Bengal Council  of Higher Secondary Education
	West Bengal Board of Secondary Education

	
	
	
	
	



Professional Training & Certification In software  


	Skill Name
	Version
	Professional Training & Certification


	MS Office
	MS Office 2007
	Computer Point

	C
	5.0 pro
	Computer Point

	SAP(ERP)
	SAP R/3 En
	Indian institute of material management 

	Base SAS
	9.2
	OrangeTree Global

	Advance SAS
	9.2
	OrangeTree Global

	SPSS
	20
	OrangeTree Global

	R
	2.15
	OrangeTree Global

	Excel VBA
	MS Excel 2010
	OrangeTree Global

	Oracle
	R-12
	Capgemini Kolkata( work)



Projects :
	(MBA) second semester

	Title
	Chocolate buying behavior of Indian consumers  

	Subject
	Research Methodology

	Guide 
	Professor Kumkum Ghosh

	 
Detail 
	Personal interview of different age and income group customers no Qualitative &  Quantitative basics 

	
	Analysis behavioral  pattern of  different  groups of consumer while buying chocolate

	
	Using questioner Personal interview had been done on five pointer scale.
Based on that data pattern analysis had been done. 

	Software Use
	Micro Soft Excel,  MS power point

	

	(MBA) Final semester

	Title
	Financial Viability Analysis of a High School Construction project and its Profitability  study

	Subject
	Corporate Finance

	Guide
	Prof. Lakshmi Kanta Sinha Ray

	Detail
	Collect live data from real time similar  construction projects

	
	Determine financial information through market survey.

	
	Determine Lone structure and debt equity ratio with the help of bank.

	
	Market compatibility  analysis by analyzing similar projects

	
	Analyze all the data and form a business continuity plane for a High School

	Software Use
	Micro Soft Excel, MS power point

	

	Analytics (Orange Tree Global)

	Title
	Credit Rating Analysis

	Subject
	Financial Data Analysis

	Guide
	Sourav  Sarkar

	Detail
	ICICI banks  data for Analysis (Customers personal and financial  details who applied for lone in the last 2 quarter of 2013 ) 

	
	This project was about Financial Markets, wherein I had to examine the trust worthiness of a prospective customer and his/her possibility of defaulting 

	
	The task was to build a behavioral Credit Risk Model of a large sample of data from bank by applying Logistic Regression on the SAS platform. 

	Software Use
	 SAS Version 9.2, , MS power point

	

Strength and Weakness: 



	Strengths
	· Team player and acting Team leader some occasions 
· Self-confidence and positive approach
· Fast learner & hard worker
· Highly motivated individual with good interpersonal skills
· Ability to quickly adapt to new applications and situation.  

	Weakness
	· Little bit emotional
· Fear of height,
· Stage Fear



Hobbies 

	Hobbies
	· Photography 
· Cycling


Proficiency in Languages

	Languages
	· English 
· Bengali (Mother tongue)
· Hindi


Extra-Curricular Activities: 

· Participation in different drama in school, college and club functions.
· Participation in debate and different other competition in school 

Career Objective: 

I want to work hard,  grow and developed myself by facing different situation,  choose the best for me and more over for my organization, work with my full strength and dedication and keep believing my selves. Always think positive by accepting all the challenges, compete with others and win the race with a smile in my face. 

Personal Goal-

My parents made me what I am today so I want to be successful and make them happy and   proud of myself.   

Declaration- 
I hereby declare that all the above given information and details are true to the best of my knowledge.
