

















































		
Kanchan Talpekar			Mobile: 9970109630/Email:kanchan91.kt@gmail.com
Professional Summary:  
Resourceful System Analyst with a 3.5 years background in defining required test, running tests, gathering test data and identifying defects. Talented in finding root cause of defects and software quality assurance. Reliable and hardworking with effective oral and written communication.  Also, experience in testing Android App developed in Java.
Technical Skill Set:
	Skills
	Manual Testing, System Testing, Integration Testing, Functional Testing, Retesting, Regression Testing, Web based Testing, Test Plan Creation, Application Testing, Compatibility Testing, 

	Automation Tools
	Selenium , UFT, LR

	Other Tools
	ALM, ZOHO Project management, MantisBT

	Languages
	C, C++, Java, HTML, Java Scripting 

	Database
	Oracle SQL, MySql

	Environment
	Windows7/8/10



Testing Certifications:

· Successfully completed Advance Diploma in Automation testing (Selenium) from ANV Info System in year 2017.
· Successfully completed ISTQB Certification (Foundation Level).
Experience Summary:
1. Assistant System Analyst, DEC-2017 to Current
C-Edge Technology Limited, Thane- MH
A. Project Name: Pension Payment System (Client- State Bank Of India)
	Pension Payment System is used to calculate and distribute the pension to Government Employees. Pension consists of different modules such as:
a. Application User Management (Branch, CPPC, CDC users)
b. Pension Processing
c. Bulk File Generation and Upload
d. Payment Scroll Generation
e. Reports and Enquiry
Roles & Responsibilities:
· Performed system analysis, documentation, system testing, Database handling
· Conducted testing and analyzed results and submitted observations to the development team.
· Designed testing scenarios for usability testing.
· Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all production work orders.
· Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, reports and access.

B. Project Name: YONO SBI
This is the digital banking app by SBI. Under Pension Payment System, pensioners have account under SBI can view all the details related to pension. 

2. Software Test Engineer, JAN-2015 to Aug-2017
Purestudy Software Services Pvt. Ltd., Pune- MH
Product Name:  ERP System
	ERP used as the college management system has been designed on an N-Tier architecture, which permits several users to work concurrently from different locations on a solitary database. ERP System consists of different modules like: 
a. Admission Management
b. Payroll Management
c. Accounts Management
d. Library Management
Roles & Responsibilities:
· Understanding the business requirements to develop test scenarios and test cases to complete functionality of application.
· Ability to handle a team of testers while working on multiple deliveries simultaneously.
· Co-coordinating smooth implementation of test plans with the development team.
· Responsible for human resource allocation practices and operational processes.
· Training the new members in the team and getting them productive quickly.
· Regularly following up with Development Team to discuss variation identified during testing

Academics:

	Qualification
	Institute
	Board/ University
	Year
	Percentage

	BE (I.T.)
	P. R. Patil college of Engineering
	SGBAU (Amravati University)
	2012
	65.33%

	HSC
	Janta Jr. college of Arts & Science, Deoli
	Maharashtra State Board
	2008
	69.00%

	SSC
	Janta Highschool, Deoli
	Maharashtra State Board
	2006
	73.60%




Personal Details:

Date of Birth		: 	24th February 1991
Current Location	:	CBD BELAPUR, NAVI MUMBAI
Permanent Address	:	DEOLI, WARDHA
PAN No.		:	AQFPT1314D


Hobbies:

· Sketching & Painting
· Playing Badminton & Carom

