














































RESUME 

Muhammed Faisal       

#11, p.no 3rd street, 

Armstrong road cross, 

Shivajinagar,               

Bangalore – 560001                                       Email:fk.khans22@gmail.com 

Mobile: 9035697235.                                                            

 

 

Objective: 

To pursue a career in a company of repute and to fulfil my goals, which include professional 
excellence and value-addition to my career through dedicated work, creativity, perseverance and 
team work where I can contribute the best of my skills in the progress and advance of the 
company. 
 

Educational Qualifications: 

 

 B.com (Bachelor of Commerce), SBMJC- Jain University, 2011-14. 

 2nd PUC (10+2), Jain College, Bangalore, 2010-11. 

 10th Standard, Noble Saint English School, Bangalore, 2008-09. 

 

Work Experience: 

 

 Atkins Global Pvt Ltd. 
Designation: HR Analyst – HRSS UK Operations 
Duration: Jan 2018 – Sep 2018 
 

 Siemens Technology and Services Pvt Ltd. 

Designation: Junior Specialist - HR FSS UK and A&Z Operations Department 

Duration: Dec 2015 – Jul 2017. 
Hired for HR FSS UK and based on my performance was assigned to HR FSS AU&NZ 
Operations as well. 
 

Atkins - Key Responsibilities: 
UK Ask HR (Oracle HRMS), Managing Recruitment mailbox (Taleo HR System). 

 

mailto:fk.khans22@gmail.com


 Recording Employee queries in an appropriate HR ticketing tool (Service Now) 

Communicating information related to Atkins Policies, Procedures and Guidelines to 

internal UK employees and Business Stakeholders. 

 Providing accurate solutions with respect to HR general queries related to pensions, P45, 

P60 and P11D information, rewards and benefits (childcare, company cars, long service 

awards, flexible holiday) etc. for UK Atkins Employees. 

 Successfully managed Employee’s general, personal and financial information using 

Oracle HRMS Tool 

 Extracting reports from JDE system and providing the same to regional HR partners as per 

the business requirement. 

 Daily monitoring and resolving global recruitment queries related to pre-onboarding 

process of the employee and profile creation, updation of existing information of the 

employee, redirecting apprenticeship and placement queries to internal HR Partners and 

Recruitment Advisors using Taleo HR System. 

 Worked closely with various internal HR teams (lifecycle, starters, payroll and recruitment 

teams) to scrutinize solutions and provide accurate information related to UK AskHR 

queries. 

 Worked with Atkins UK HR team by handling UK's internal employees data and 

collaborated with HR leads, recruitment partners, HR advisors and HR Ops and business 

partners across different business of Atkins UK (from February 2018 to September 2018) 

 
              
Siemens - Key Responsibilities: 
UK and ANZ EDM: (SAP HR), Ticketing Tool 
 

 Excellent knowledge on SAP HR, Ticketing request, Employee supports (calls, email) 

 Daily monitoring of tickets and maintaining SLA’s as agreed 

 Processing of Hiring inputs on SAP database 

 Taking care of separation process 

 Maintaining the Master Data or Employee Life Cycle on SAP 

 Partnered with Siemens UK and Australia clients such as UK regional HR, HRBPs and HR 

Ops Partners from various business units within Siemens (from February 2016 to July 

2017) 

 Working on MIS reports directly assigned by the clients, with a stipulated time frame to 

complete the tickets/reports 

 Responsible for preparing the $ Limit Reports A&Z. 



 Also specialized in letters and contract preparations, SAP updation, Employee Relations 

payroll inputs, hiring, salary changes, cost center, Additional/Recurring payment, 

Working Pattern, Contractual Changes etc. 

 Constantly supported the team as and when require 

 

 
 
 
Strengths: 
 

 Responsible 

 Honest 

 Hardworking 

 
PERSONAL DETAILS: 
 

Date of Birth             :  22-08-1990 

Fathers Name           :  Hafiz Fareeduddin 

Languages Known    :  English, Hindi, Kannada and Urdu 

Hobbies                      :  Cricket 

 

 

Achievements:   

 

 Was Awarded The Best Student Of The Year in SSLC 2008-2009 

 Was Awarded the Best Team in the Corporate Expo Event in the year 2012-2013. 

 Achieved the best team award for earning maximum customer appreciations in many 

organizational initiatives (A&Z). 

 Achieved a Spot Award for quick learning and diligently assisting the team in day to day 

activities and also during times of high volumes (Atkins). 

 

               

I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge. 

 

Date:     

Place: Bangalore                                                                              (Muhammed Faisal) 


