































Rohan Dani


Rohan Dani
Phone: +919699045007

Address
:

B/305, Avishkar CHS, Near Kalpana
Hospital, Vasai West, Thane, MH -
401202

Email: Rhn345@yahoo.com

 EXPERIENCE*

OCT - 2015 -
July 2017

Tech Mahindra Business Services LTD
Team leader

Got Promoted in the month of October 2015 into different skill set
(sales), acclimatized fast with far reaching results.

Key Accomplishments as a Team Leader:

Managed a massive 18 advisor team for most of the period to up skill them.
Enjoyed managing people and driving goals within the team.
Managing different campaigns with equal level of zeal and zest successfully.
Managing Sub Skill Set on my own and delivering the best results with 0
Compliance Error.
Ensuring the Customer Experience is not Impacted while driving for numbers.
Able to help people grow and make them better individuals at their task and
delegate the sense of responsibilities.
Managing Shrinkage of the entire Group and Roster Spoc. 

Jan 2012 - Oct
2015

Tech Mahindra Business Services LTD
Senior Customer Finance Advisor
Working with Tech Mahindra Business Services LTD since Jan 2012.

Started working as a CFA in a UK Collections Inbound Process.
June 2013 – Moved to Complaints to manage customer cases and Inbound calls
for commercial area.
Handled customer inquiries, complaints, billing questions and payment
extension/service requests. Calm angry callers, provide first call resolutions.
Audit customer complaint calls taken by the 1st Level Advisors and provide
insights on how the calls were handled; give feedback and interact with
individual(s) to help reduce complaints, take team briefs on occasions; reporting
for the audits done by the entire Super Skill Set.

Feb 2009 to
Dec 2011

Epicenter Technology Pvt.Ltd
Senior Customer Relationship Advisor

Worked as a Collections Advisor in an US Inbound/Outbound Process. One of the
Top Advisors in the process, helped the business achieve targets with best
customer service experience.
Took up Process Trainer and Quality Coach Opportunities On-the-Job.

Created using Resumonk - Online Resume Builder

mailto:Rhn345@yahoo.com
https://www.resumonk.com


Opportunity to conduct briefings and mentor teams occasionally.
Became a process trainer for 2 batches consecutively. Handled a group of 12
each and explained the whole collections process.
Quality Coach for 1 month. Heard calls and gave feedbacks to the advisors and
made sure updates given to the team of their calls heard. 

 EDUCATION*

March 2010 —
March 2013

Vinayaka Missions University- Directorate of distance
education
Bachelors of commerce

Higher Secondary Certificate- 2007 K.E.S Junior College of Commerce and Arts,
Kandivali West, Mumbai.
Senior Secondary Certificate- 2005 St. Francis High School, Vasai West, Thane.

 SKILLS*

1. Versatile, professional customer service Team Leader
2. Eight years plus of experience in call center environments.
3. An unwavering commitment to customer service, with the ability to build
productive relationships, resolve complex issues and win customer loyalty.
4. Strategic-relationship/partnership-building skills -- listen attentively, solve problems
creatively, and use tact and diplomacy to find common ground and achieve win-win
outcomes.
5. Manage team and different projects within the Skill set

Created using Resumonk - Online Resume Builder

https://www.resumonk.com

