










































 ASHUTOSH MISHRA   
EMAIL: ASHUTOSHMISHRAEEE@GMAIL.COM 

CELL: +91-9717371925 

 Analytics professional with more than 3 years of experience having worked in Banking and Hospitality industry. Proficient in Predictive 
Analytics techniques including Linear & Logistic Regression analysis, Cluster analysis and Factor analysis. I like to see myself as a learner who 
is always curious to learn new techniques and hacks and implement them in the business. 
ACADEMIC PROFILE 

Degree/Examination                                                    Institute                                Percentage                    Year 

B.E. in Electronics & Electrical Engineering               MBM Engineering College Jodhpur              65.10%                       2015 

XII                                                         Modern School Noida                          91.6%                        2010 
X                                                     Brahmananda Public School                     81.2%                        2008 

WORK EXPERIENCE 
EXL Service (Feb 2017 – Present)                                                                                                                                                  Business Analyst 

Currently Part of EXL’s Analytics team for Leading banking group of UK. 
• Currently working for CRD4 project for delivering Capital Models for unsecured portfolio (Retail Cards) portfolio. 
• Worked with Capital and Impairment team to deliver model and tool. 

• Worked on projects, focusing on Existing Customer Management (ECM) Strategy. 
• Developed PD model for near prime customers of an emerging credit card company from UK with only Bureau data. 

Software Tools:                                                                                    Ms Excel VBA, SQL, SAS 

Airbnb India (Feb 2016 – Feb 2017)                                                                                                                                                                               Analyst 
Airbnb is a trusted community marketplace for people to list, discover, and book unique accommodations around the world – online or from a 
mobile phone. Airbnb is based in San Francisco, California and operates in more than 35,000 cities and 192 countries 

o     Designed dashboards for Reporting and Analysis of all the KPIs under Acquisition, Product and Quality for India 
Leadership team. 

o     Analyzed the effectiveness of marketing campaigns through use of business modeling. 

o Core member of the project which solved the major issue of cancellations on the day of check-in with the help of 
predictive analytics by building logistic model with 78% accuracy in the first decile. It had resulted in ~20% drop in 
the cancellation rate 

o Regularly performed bespoke analysis with the help of Global Product team to pitch the changes in the functionality and 
updates of the Airbnb Mobile App and thereby tracked the progress of accepted changes. 

o     Identified and conceptualized metrics for quality scores in different cities/markets. 

o Project Management with vendors in different market interacting directly with host community ensuring quality 

enhancement. 

o     Reporting and Corrective Action ensuring project success. 
Ms Excel with VBA Macros , R Programming , SQL , Ms PowerPoint , Tableau, AirPal (Airbnb’s

Software Tools: 
internal tools for Project management and reporting)

ZO Rooms (Aug 2015 – Jan 2016)                                                                                                                                Digital Marketing Executive 

ZO Rooms is India's Fastest Growing Chain of Standardized Short Stay Accommodations with 600+ properties across 40 cities. ZO Rooms 
was acquired by OYO Rooms in Feb 2016 

Search Engine Marketing 

o     Launched search campaigns on Google for Tier II Markets. 

o     Optimized the bids & keyword targeting based on performance. 

o     Growth in online leads by 3X, achieved greater than 8% CTR. 
o     Analysis and packaging of Performance Reports from the website, with Google Analytics and optimizing online KPIs. 
o     Analyzed Google AdWords data & prepared a comparative analysis on cost of transaction from other channels like 

Display, Affiliate & Facebook. 

o Analyzed trends and predicted peak seasons from Google analytics and Google trends which helped in estimations 

of budgets and Acquisition through Google. 

o Identified customer type i.e. Business/leisure and Solo/Family-Friends based on the input variables such as type of 

city and Weekday/weekend flag etc. which was further used to target the audience with right message and offer 

through Push and In-app Notifications. 

TRAINING AND CERTIFICATIONS 
India Today Group Digital (Nov 2014 –  Apr 2015)                                                                                                           Intern Digital Marketing 

o     Daily keywords Analysis and Reporting to the editorial team from Google trends and Google news. 

o     Responsible for Market research for in house magazines like India Today, Men’s Health and Harper’s Bazaar Bride. 
o Assisted in partnership and Alliance strategy for digital magazines along with different companies to increase the 

online sales. 

o     Handling daily distribution of digital magazines with Online Platform “Magzter”. 

Certified in Business Analytics from Analytix Labs (Feb 2016 – Aug 2016) 

o     Proficient in R Programming, SQL, SAS and Excel VBA for data analysis. 

o     As part of the training, worked on different analytical techniques including Cluster analysis, Factor analysis 
and Regression analysis. 

o     Worked on various case studies pertaining to Segmentation and Predictive modeling in Telecom and 
Banking domains. 

IT SKILLS 
 

o    R Programming, SQL and SAS Macros, Tableau 
o    Advance Excel VBA MACROS, MS Word, MS PowerPoint. 

mailto:EMAIL:%20ASHUTOSHMISHRAEEE@GMAIL.COM

