












































SUMIT SONI

Sarath Kumar P

                                      Email:sarathgalaxy@gmail.com

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT






OBJECTIVE:-
Looking forward for a challenging work profile in Software Development field. My key interests are working on new cutting edge technologies, learning new tools, working on new innovative design frameworks and making the overall Software Development process optimized and efficient one.

SUMMARY:-
·  4+ years of experience in analysis, design and development of client/server, web based application. 

· Strong knowledge in Website Designing, Object Oriented Programming, implementation and Comprehensive understanding of Web and Windows multi-tier applications.
· Proficient in work experience in ASP.Net, MVC, and HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and Angular JS.
· Good knowledge and experience in Syncfusion components.
· Experience with SVN and JIRA Sprint methodology.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
· B.Tech(IT) from Anand Institute of Higher Technology, Anna University passed out in 2013 with 79%.

· HSC from GHS School, Madharpakkam passed out in 2009 with 82.17%.

· SSLC from GHS School, Madharpakkam passed out in 2007 with 88.8%.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
SOFTWARE SKILLS:-

· Programming Languages: C#.NET, VB.NET. 

·  Microsoft Technologies : ASP.NET 3.5/4.0/4.5/4.5.1,  MVC 4.0/4.5/5.0

· Scripting Language : JavaScript, HTML 

· Technologies: MVC 4.0/5.0, AJAX, JQuery Markup, Angular JS 

· RDBMS : SQL SERVER 2008/2012.

· Framework: .NET Framework 4.0/4.5/4.5.1.
EXPERIENCE 
· Working in SYNCFUSION SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS, Chennai as a Software      Developer from Aug 2013 to present.
Project

Title                     :  Visualization And Inspection To Validate Integrated                        Data (VIVID)

    Client

:  Renaissance Services- Aerospace Services (US) 

    Project Tools
:  Asp.Net, C#, SQL Server 2008/2012, VS-2012

    Team Size
          
:  Three.

    Duration              
:  1 year 4months
    Role 
          
:  Developer
Description:-
VIVID project mainly deals with visualizing inspection results and the visualization can provide quantitative real time feedback. The feedback mainly aims to improve the production and eliminate the defected items count. Data are retrieved through SQL server and displayed in various Syncfusion products such as grid, chart in ASP.NET. The status of the production items showed by using Syncfusion grid. And the productivity related with production count and defected item count would be showed by using Syncfusion chart control.
Roles and responsibilities:
 Understanding and gathering requirements from the user’s specification.
 Developed and designed separate modules for good and scrap products.
 Developed server side code in ASP.NET and involved in Manual Testing.
Product #1 Ribbon JavaScript Component
    I have developed Syncfusion JavaScript ribbon component with features such as Application tab, Tabs, Contextual tabs, Syncfusion Controls support in ribbon, Responsive, Backstage Page, Gallery, Custom tooltip.
    Team Size
          
:  One.

    Duration              
:  1 year

    Role 
          
:  Developer
Roles and responsibilities:
· Develop ribbon component with all primary features and fix bugs in it.
· Provide different themes support to Ribbon component by using LESS stylesheet language. 
Product #2 Kanban Angular Component
     I have developed Syncfusion Angular Kanban component in Angular JS. Kanban Board is a new technique for managing a software development process in a highly efficient way. The Kanban Board is usually used in agile development for managing development process by tracking each and every stage of tasks assigned to a developer or team. 
    Team Size
          
:  One.

    Duration              
:  1 year 6months
    Role 
          
:  Developer
Roles and responsibilities: 
· Implement primary features like Editing, Drag and Drop, Filtering, Swim-lane and Responsive.

· Provide different themes support to Kanban component by using LESS stylesheet language. 
Skills and Strengths

· Quick learner with good analytical and problem solving skills, motivated to succeed with the desire to tackle challenging problems
· An energetic and focused team player.
· Strong interpersonal and communication skills with ability to maintain effective working relationships
· A result-oriented person willing to relocate anywhere and prepared to work at any hour of the day.
PERSONAL DETAILS

Father’s Name                    
:
Palani S

Date of Birth

:
11/06/1992
Gender

:
Male

Nationality
 
:
Indian

Marital Status

:
Single

Languages Known

:         English, Tamil.

Hobbies

:
Playing and watching Cricket, 
                                                   Listening songs. 

Mobile No

:
+919566067122

Email-Id

:
sarathgalaxy@gmail.com

Permanent Address            
:         18,Vellalar street,
                                                   Manellore,
                                                   Gummidipoondi(Taluk)
                                                   Tiruvallore(District)
                                                   Tamil Nadu,
                                                   Pin code-601202

Extracurricular Activities
:         Very passionate cricket player and participated in many  
                                                   School level competitions and won many prizes.
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.

                                                                                                           Yours faithfully,









                    (SARATH KUMAR P)

