












































Mainframe Trained Fresher

Anusha  N


 
Mobile:+91-9742410760
Anusha.na1994@gmail.com
                                                                                                                           
I have hands on 2.2 Years of experience in Software Development. Developing and    Maintaining  Client & Server, Web based Applications using Java and J2EE. 
· Strong Programming knowledge in Java Web Technologies.
· Experience in core java Technologies (JDBC).
· Develop components using Hibernate.
· Good Understanding of   MySql database.
· Good Programming, Analytical and Trouble Shooting skills. 

· Good analytical abilities, quick grasping power zeal for learning new things.
· Dynamic, highly motivated and result-oriented professional.

Operating Systems


:
Windows
J2EE Technologies


:
Core Java, JDBC, Servlets, JSP.
Frameworks/ Methodologies

:
Hibernate, Spring.
Internet Technologies

               :
HTML , JavaScript
Databases



:
MySql 
Servers


                             :
Apache Tomcat 7
IDE Tools



:
Eclipse, Spring Tool Suite(STS),github.

· Working in ICGC Software Pvt Ltd  as Software Engineer from December 2015.

                    
	Course
	School/College
	Board/University
	Passing Year
	Percentage

	B.Tech 
(Computer& Science

 Engineering)
	Amara Insistute of Engineering And Technology
	JNTU Kakinada
	2015
	70.45%


	MPC
	NRI Juniour College
	Board of Secondary Education 
	2011
	82.9%

	SSC
	Modern  School
	SSC Board
	2009
	70.6%



Project Title 
  :          Online Vending Machine  


Environment      :          Java, spring, JSP, HTML, Hibernate, Tomcat Server.        
Client

  :
Marketingline.net
Duration
  :            April 2016 to Current Date
Role

  :
Application Developer
Project Description:


A vending machine is a machine that dispenses items such as snacks, beverages, to customers automatically, after the customer inserts currency into the machine.
 
Online Vending Machine, where customer can get their products through online with one time password technology, offering customer to buy the products through online using our mobile application and web application customer will register to our company and can get any product from vending machine from any part of the country.   
Roles & Responsibilities:
· Involved in designing jsp pages.
· Development / Coding of modules based on the Design and requirements.

· Java Spring Development.

· Java Hibernate Development.
·  Involved in web services.

Project Name :   Friend Book
Project Description: Friend book is the first friend recommendation system by exploiting a user’s life style information discovered from smart phone sensors. We integrate a linear feedback mechanism that exploits the users  feedback to improve recommendation accuracy. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our system.

In such a scenario, we presented a Friend book, a novel semantic- based friend recommendation system for social networks, which recommends friends to users based on their life styles instead of  social graphs. By taking advantage of sensor-rich smart phones, Friend book discovers life styles of users from user-centric sensor information.
Roles & Responsibilities:
· As a team Leader, need to manage all activities and taken responsibility to complete the project on time effectively.

· Father’s name


:  N.Anji Reddy
· Date of Birth


: 07th  Aug 1994
· Language Known       

: English, Hindi,Telugu
· Place of city                                     :Chilakaluripet
                                                                  
    
   I here by declare that the information furnished above is true to my knowledge.

Date:   





Place:                                                                                                                        (Anusha  N)
Professional  Summary



Technical Skills 





Education Qualifications







Professional Experience





  Project  





   Academic Project   



PERSONAL PROFILE





DECLARATION







