





































ANKIT SHARMA
anki8718@gmail.com
+91-9899176639
      CAREER OBJECTIVE 

I aspire a challenging & rewarding position offering excellent career growth prospects in a stimulating, positive work environment which will inter-alia enable application and augmentation of my core skills apart from learning new things and will result ultimately in the desired value addition in line with the objectives of my employer.
      PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS 

●   A highly competent professional with more than 3 years of experience in the domain of
Finance , Accounts Receivable , Accounts Payable and Call Centre
●   Currently associated with Genpact, Gurgaon as Customer finance specialist.
●
Proficient in handling all the AR activities like collections,helpdesk,reporting,offsets,reconciliations.
●   Adept in customer management,reporting & Analysis
●   Excellent communication, presentation skills.
●
Have been awarded with Bronze award, Rising star award, best performer throughout the year and other special bonus in the current and previous organization.
      ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS 

	DEGREE
	INSTITUTE/UNIVERSITY
	YEAR

	MBA(FINANCE)
	Apeejay Institute of  Management Technical
Campus. Jalandhar(Punjab)
	2014

	B.COM
	Lyallpur Khalsa College, Jalandhar(Punjab)
	2012

	12th
	PSEB Punjab
	2009

	10th
	St Joseph’s Convent School Phillaur Punjab
	2007


IT FORTE
●   Operating System     : WINDOWS (95, 98, 2000, XP, Vista, 7) Mac OS
●   Package                     : MS- Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), SAP Basic Everest. Navision

      WORK EXPERIENCE 

1)
Organization -   GENPACT INDIA PVT Ltd Client – Becton Dickinson (Healthcare Industry) Designation- Customer Finance Specialist Duration- March 2016 to Till Date
Domain- F&A Team (Accounts Receivable)
Roles & Responsibilities
●
Handling Collections Portfolio of 1800 accounts and collecting delinquent money.(maximum number of accounts in the collection team)
●   Promptly handling e-mails from customers related to process and wowing them.
●   Generating Aging Reports as per all the Orgs.
●   Preparing Recon for customer accounts.
●   Processing offset and clear debts from customer account.
●   Ensuring the achievement of SLAs.
●
Responsible for maintaining and updating the SOPs of the process on quarterly basis, various other trackers like Issue/escalation tracker daily collection tracker
●   Sending Customer statement to all customers at month end.
●   Responding to queries and providing Backups to client on daily basis.
●   Maintaining GHX invoice requests and failure reports.
●   Preparing and submitting performance summaries and dashboards.
●  Assisting customer via Inbound and Outbound Calls.
●   Preparing reports of Inbound and Outbounds Calls of the team.
●   Preparing learning path of the new joiners in the process and providing buddy up trainer.
●   Prepare and conduct PKT (Process knowledge test)
●
Coordinating with other departments (IT, Transport) to ensure better productivity and healthy working environment.
●   Handling the responsibility of HR fun spoc in the team conduct various fun activities on the
floor in the weekend activities.
2)      Organization -   GNA UDYOG LIMITED
Designation- Finance officer
Duration- September 2014 to February 2016
Domain- Finance department (Accounts Receivable & Accounts Payable)
Roles & Responsibilities
●   Issuing cheques for all accounts due.
●   Assist with the preparation of the budget.

●   Maintaining the purchase order system.
●   Data entering in the system regarding financial transactions.
●   Processing supplier invoice.
●   Sending Customer statement at all customer at month end.
●   Responding to queries and providing Backups to customers and vendors.
●   Preparing excise duty registrars manually and electronically.
●   Maintaining financial records and files.
●
Providing training to the new joiners in the process and bringing them to the level of production.
      KEY HIGHLIGHTS 

●   Been awarded RISING STAR award by GNA UDYOG LTD with cash award of  Rs 20,000.
●   Received special bonus for best performer throughout the year.
●   1 Lean idea submitted for continuous process improvement.(Genpact)
●   Awarded with 100% score certification in the training phase of the PILOT Process (Genpact
Transition)
●   Been awarded EMPLOYEE OF THE MONTH twice by GNA UDYOG LTD.
●   Successfully completed Training and Project report on GNA UDYOGs automobile product
Cross and shaft under training management.
●   Been awarded Bronze award for Q2 2016 by Genpact for outstanding performance.
●   Received multiple VOC for the excellent & timely Delivery of critical data reports.
      PERSONAL DOSSIER 

●   Father’s Name            : Surinder Kumar
●   Date of Birth              : 21/03/1991
●   Gender                        : Male
●   Languages Known.    : English, Hindi,Punjabi
●   Marital Status             : Single
●   Current Address         : House# 831 C-2 Block Palam Vihar,Gurgaon 122017
      HOBBIES: 

●   Playing Guitar
●   Singing
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
Place- Gurgaon                                                                                   ANKIT SHARMA Date-
