
















































Curriculum vitae


Mr.G.Rohith                                                           		 
#340, 6th Cross                                               	
1stJ Main road                                               
1st block Koramangala, Jakkasandra N/w Extn					Mobile	: +91-8105669050
Bengaluru 560 034           			 			                          Email	: rohith.guna@yahoo.co.in
									rohith.guna@gmail.com
                                                                                                                        


Career Objective 

Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.


Educational Background

	Examination
	Year of passing
	Percentage
	Education Institution

	Bachelor of Engineering (Information science)
	2011
	
60.38

	New Horizon College of Engineering, Bengaluru

	K.P.U.C
(XII std)
	2007
	62
	Krupanidhi P.U College, Bengaluru

	K.S.E.E.B
(X std)
	2005
	81.44
	Reddy jana sangha high school,bengaluru




Experience    

       Total Year of Experience: 3 years and 1 month ( 37 Months )
 
Unisys Global Service India Pvt Ltd
Job Profile:
Project Name	:	WFM(Work Force Management).
Period	   	:	Apr 30th 2015 to Up to Date.
Designation             :	Business Excellence Analyst

Ericsson India Global Service Pvt Ltd
Job Profile:
Project Name	:	MBNL-RYDER – C3 UK (GNOC).
Period	  	:	May 2nd 2014 to April 26th 2015.
Designation     	:	Asst-Engineer-Level1Assurance(WFM Planner/Dispatcher)

Infosys BPO Ltd
Job Profile:
Project Name	:	BT- Wholesale.
Period		      :	February 20th 2011 to March 19th 2013.
Designation	:	Customer Support Executive


Professional Summary

· Daily and Weekly Scheduling, Reporting activities.
· Analysis on Weekly contact number based on the historical records and patterns
· Update weekly forecast as needed based on analysis of real time workload.
· Project staffing required to meet service levels by forecasting both short and long-term call volumes and required staffing.
· Coordinate with all sites on all operational issues impacting service level because of staffing and adherence.
· Enter adherence and schedule exceptions into workforce management software.
· Analyze performance reports and provide suggestions and recommendations
· Identify and recommend hiring needs based on current attrition rates and long term forecasts.
· Report creation based on the requirements of the clients and provide the analysis based on the historical records.
· Worked in the Web-Based tools in handling Customer related queries for ISP
· Provided Technical as well as Customer support for UK.
· Handling a fully operational dispatching service
· Monitoring the assigned jobs whether all are getting progressed within SLA.
· Complying with all uniform and appearance guidelines.
· Having 3 Years of work experience which includes in Customer Support and WFM.

Key Skills and Knowledge 

· Analysis & Work Force Management

· Scheduling and Forecasting

· Analysis based on Historical data

· Project and Program Management

· Communication and Networking

· Programming Languages & Tools

· Call Center and Help Desk

· Facilities Management

Technical Skills
                                                
Programming languages 	: C, C++

Database                                   : Mysql.

Operating systems	: Microsoft Windows

Skills	: Manual Testing, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, and Microsoft PowerPoint

Skills on Testing                      : Analyzing program requirements, Smoke Testing, Creation and Execution of   
                                                    Test-cases, Functionality Testing, System Testing, Unit Testing,GUI Testing
                                                    Creation of Bug Report and Summary reports  
.


Project Title: Client side Load balancing using Cloud computing.

Description: Balancing the load on the client-side using middle-time server and cloud computing                       techniques.

Project Software Requirements: 

1. Front-End                               : Jsp, Servlets, XHTML.

2. Back-End                                : Jdbc, Oracle 10g.  



Achievements


1. Social	:  Elected as Class Representative in high school.

                                                         :  Was involved in volunteering and coordinating committee of AISE           
                                                            (Artificial Intelligence and Software Engineering) Conference 2009 
                                                            And 2010, held at NHCE.   


Personal Data


Date of Birth  	 :  9th August, 1989

Nationality      	 :   Indian

Marital Status 	 :   Single

Hobbies	 :  Listening to Music, Singing, and Workouts.

Language Proficiency

Kannada		:   Fluent
English                                    	   :   Fluent
Tamil		:   Fluent

I hereby acknowledge that the information above is true to the best of my knowledge.


Place, Date, Signature:  	                   Bengaluru ,    1st of June 2016,                    G.ROHITH.
