









































Afshan Hussain 
 

 
Mobile: +91-7349355535 #108 10th cross BCC layout 

Vijayanagar  Bengaluru – 560039 Email: afshan96@gmail.com  
 
CAREER OBJECTIVE  
I seek a job that will allow me to utilize technical skills, experience and willingness to learn in making 
an organization successful.  
 
KEY SKILLS  

● Hands-on experience with Windows/Linux/Mac OS environments  
● Ability to diagnose and troubleshoot basic technical issues  
● Excellent problem-solving and communication skills  
● Ability to provide step-by-step technical help, both written and verbal  

 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
 
Hinduja Global Solutions– Senior Consultant (Technical Support) –  September 25, 2017 to 
December 2,2018  

➢ Key Deliverables:  
o Configuration of switches and routers 

 
o Installation of Adtran, Cisco and Fortinet routers 

 
o Ability to diagnose and troubleshoot basic technical issues business customers 

 
o Acts as a resource and mentor for less experienced consultants. 

 
o First point of contact for customer escalations 

 
o Work hand in hand with Network Operation Centre team based in USA 

 
o Follow up with clients to ensure their issue has been fixed after troubleshooting 

if case kept pending  
o Refer to internal database & resources to provide accurate tech solutions 

 
o Diagnose and troubleshoot technical issues, including account setup and network 

configuration  
 
PROJECTS 

 
Final Year Project – Automated External Defibrillator for Emergency Medical Services 

 
 
OBJECTIVES OF THE STUDY  

● The objective of the study was to establish the emergency cases mostly based on heart 
diseases.  

● To investigate the emergency. 
  

● To derive a heart rate and body temperature. 
● To analyze results and sent through SMS to nearest doctor. 

 
Conclusion 
Application of an AED in communities is associated with nearly a doubling of survival after out-of-
hospital cardiac arrest. These results reinforce the importance of strategically expanding community-
based AED. In a fast-response, urban emergency medical services system served by paramedics,  



the impact of adding first-responder defibrillation appears to be small. Early defibrillation alone 

cannot overcome low community rates of bystander CPR. Careful attention to every link in the 

"chain of survival" is needed to achieve optimal rates of survival after cardiac arrest. 

programs. 
 
 
Semester 6th Project –Memory Block Game 
 

OBJECTIVES OF THE STUDY  
● A memory game in which a few blocks have objects with different colors hidden behind.  
● Move the focus on to an object and press enter to uncover it.  
● As soon as you move to another block this uncovered block gets covered.  
● You have to uncover two blocks with same object hidden behind to clear both the blocks. 

This is a time based game.  
● Faster the board is cleared the higher the points. 

 
 
Conclusion 
 
Show students how good their visual memories are and suggest Strategies for improving their 
memory skills. 
 

 

  

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 
 
        ●    JAVA  

● Html 
● CSS 
● Basics of SQL 
●    Microsoft Office 
● ZOC Terminal - remote access 
 

 
 
 
SHORT TERM COURSE       
   

●    Integrated Testing and Manual testing 
● Selenium 
●    JAVA & J2EE 
 
 
 

HOBBIES      
 
 
 
●    Travelling



         
 

EDUCATION  
BE (Computer Science  & Engineering) – 2013 -
2017 
                ACS College Of Engineering , Bangalore 

HSC (PCMB) – 2011 -2013 ST John’s PU college, Bangalore 

  SSC –2010              Holy Angel’s High School, Bangalore  

PERSONAL INFORMATION  

Father’s Name: Jabir Hussain  

Nationality: Indian  

Gender: Female  

Marital Status: Single  

Language Proficiency: English,urdu & kannada  

Date of Birth: 04 January, 1996  
 

Declaration:I hereby declare that the above furnished details are true and correct to the best of my 
knowledge and belief. 

 


