




































Vipul Bansal              


Vipul Bansal

                 Phone:  - +91-9920131764, Email: - vipul.bansal168@gmail.com

                Address:  - Flat no.- D-502, Micasa Green, Kesanand road, Wagholi Pune.

OBJECTIVE

SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT

To work in a stimulating and challenging milieu that would facilitate the maximum utilization
and application of my broad skills and expertise in making a positive difference to the

organization

SUMMARY OF SKILLS

A young dynamic and commercially aware IT Professional with a positive, organized, creative and
practical approach to overcome IT challenges with Expertise in Software Development.

Involved in International Women Hackathon 2018, as a mentor for a team in which I supported
in developing noHunger project, designed and developed database(mySQL), created servlets
file for UI view controller.

More than 4.5 Years of proficient experience in Software Development, Deployment, Technical
Support, Data Migration activity using ORACLE – PL/ SQL & SQL.

Good knowledge of building queries in Oracle SQL, PL/SQL.

Created and modified PL/SQL stored procedures, functions and packages according to the changing
needs of the project and client requirements.

Comprehensive experience in Triggers, Cursors, Table, Constraints, Views and Materialized
view and Exception Handling Mechanism in Oracle, PL/SQL.

Good Knowledge of PL/SQL Developer tool.

Worked on utPL/SQL tool for making automated Testing more effective.

Created and modified utPL/SQL stored procedures, functions and packages for automated Unit
Testing on database side.

Built and deployed Docker containers for creating environment such as to improve workflow,
increase scalability, and optimize speed.

Exposure to Production and Development environment.

Ability to learn quickly and to correctly apply new tools and technology.

Involved in client meetings for requirement gathering and functional understanding of project.

Manage assignments with minimal intervention and interface with clients.

Designed and developed reports in pdf reports to showcase data using iReport.

Also, worked on OBI tool for designing and development of reports.

mailto:vipul.bansal168@gmail.com


WORKING EXPERIENCE

Currently working in Tieto India Private Limited Pune as Software Engineer (PL/SQL developer) for
Energy components product from November, 2016.

Have worked in 3i InfoTech Ltd as Senior Software Engineer (PL/SQL developer) for Universal
Lending System (ULS) department from Aug-2013 to Oct, 2016 (approx. 3 years).

Have worked in Bahrain project for development, deployment and post production LIVE support
from Dec-2014 to Aug-2015 (Client Site).

ACADEMICS

PG-DAC from C-DAC Kharghar, Navi Mumbai in August 2013

B-Tech in Computer Science from H.R Institute of Technology, Ghaziabad, affiliated to Uttar
Pradesh Technical University in 2011.

SKILLS

Programming Language: SQL, PL/SQL

Database: Oracle, MySQL

Database Tools: PL/SQL developer, mysql

Automated Testing tool: UT-PL/SQL

   Operating System: Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 10)

Reporting tools: OBI, iReport

Functional Domain: Banking domain, Oil & Gas

PROJECTS

1. Project Name: Regulatory reporting-Canada (Energy components)

Project Summary

Responsible for designing and development of tables, procedures, packages, triggers, etc. for regulatory
reporting Canada - Energy Components (Product).

Team Strength : Eight

Role: Designing and development of project as per user requirement for production processes     and
report generation.

Language:SQL, PL/SQL

Development environment: PL/SQL

Unit Testing environment: utPLSQL

Reporting tool: iReport

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES



Have designed and developed customized system for clients.

Have designed and developed reports for multiple modules.

For  release  process  made  and  maintained  different  environments  (schemas)  ready  as  per
requirement.

Involved in release testing activities post development, during release activity.

Created testing scenarios for automated testing using utPLSQL tool on database side.

Prepared release documentation during release activity.

Created upgrade scripts for upgrading one version to another version.

Also, have experience in developing back end activities.

ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES

Have handled Sprint QA and release testing.

Worked on xhtml, also debugged developer code(java) in eclipse IDE.

Was responsible for code review to maintain product quality.

2. Project Name: Regulatory reporting-Norway (Energy components)

Project Summary

Responsible for designing and development of tables, procedures, packages, triggers, etc. for regulatory
reporting Norway - Energy Components (Product).

Team Strength : Eight

Role: Designing and development of project as per user requirement for different workflow
processes and report generation.

Language: Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL

Development environment: PL/SQL

Unit Testing environment: utPLSQL

Reporting tool: iReport

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES

Have designed and developed customized system for clients.

Have designed and developed reports for all multiple modules.

Created testing scenarios for automated testing using utPLSQL tool on database side.

For release process made and maintained different environments (schemas) ready as per
requirement.

Involved in release testing activities post development, during release activity.



ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES

Software development using Oracle, PL/SQL.

Was responsible for code review to maintain product quality.

3. Project Name: Kastle ULS Implementation for National Finance Housing, Bahrain

Project Summary

Responsible for designing and development of tables, procedures, packages, triggers, etc. for NFH Auto
loans at on site.

Have  worked  on  the  work  flow  of  all  modules  (Loan  Origination,  Loan  management,  Loan
collection).

Have worked on designing reports and templates as per Client’s requirement.

Have worked on project documentation for offshore team.

Have provided post go-live support for entire ULS.

Team Strength: Ten

Role: Designing and development of project as per user requirement for Auto loans.

Language: Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL

Development environment: PL/SQL

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES

Have designed and developed customized Lending system for client in all three modules i.e. Loan
Origination, Loan Management, Loan Collection.

Have designed and developed reports for all three modules.

Have provided post Go Live support for all three modules.

Have provided functional understanding of Loan Origination module to offshore development
team during implementation.

Also, have experience in developing back end activities.

ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES

Software development using Oracle, PL/SQL.

Was responsible for code review to maintain product quality.

Worked in project data migration team at On Site during project GO-LIVE.



ADDITIONAL SKILLS

Have participated in 4th National IT Aptitude Test and have secured a merit rank of 5615 out of 81356 and
was placed in the top 7% among the participated Candidates in the 4th NITAT.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth          : 01-10-1990

Gender                 :  Male

Marital  Status             :  Married

Languages Known : English, Hindi

References               : Furnished upon request

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the above provided details are fully true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place:- (VIPUL BANSAL)


