















































Resume Wizard

Shrividya Santhanaraman

	Professional Profile

	I have the ability to grasp new things in less time.  I have the skill of keeping people motivated. With more than two and a half years of experience in Multinational Company I have gained skills and experience in dealing with people, communicating effectively and completing the assigned tasks on time.

	Personal Details

	Date of Birth: July 09, 1987
Contact Information

Phone: +91-98207-76222
Home : +91-022-25377096
E-mail: vidya.raman@hotmail.com
Address:

Bldg No. 40/A, Flat No.41,
Brindavan Society, 

Thane West-400601.
Languages Known:-

English, Hindi, Marathi, Tamil and French

Hobbies:-

Listening to Music and Reading Books


	Experience

	Sulzer Pumps India Limited, Credit Control Assistant (From January 2010 to till date)

During the abovementioned tenure I have gained experience in following areas;

· Following up with Overseas Customers for Payments 
· Have played a role of Coordinator to the Credit Control Team in the Branches and Monitored Overall Collections from Customers
· Handled Sales tax Activities related to the Application and Receipt of E-1 and C forms
· Handled Company Secretary Work
Sulzer Pumps India Limited, Lean Management Assistant (From October 2008 to December2009)
During the abovementioned tenure I have gained experience in following areas;

Lean Facilitator

· Active participant in Lean Implementation in the Shop floor as well as in Office.
· Active Member In the 5S implementation Team.

· Worked on Projects like Tact time reduction and many more waste eliminating Projects.
Sulzer Pumps India Limited,  Summer Trainee HR (20th March 2007 to 19th June2007)
· Assisted in drafting job descriptions for new positions.
· Learnt the Interview process. 
· Completed a project on Knowledge Matrix of the Employees.



	Educational Qualification

	Academic Attainments:
Year

Level

Institution

Grade
April, 2008
B.Com

Sydenham College Of Commerce& Economics
Second Class
March, 2005
H.S.C.

Sydenham College Of Commerce& Economics
First Class
March, 2003
S.S.C.

Vasant Vihar High School, Thane
First Class


	

	Professional Attainments

	· Nominated as a Lean Facilitator after attending a Global Lean Facilitator's training Program Conducted by the Global Lean Manager- Sulzer.


	Additional Qualification

	· Currently pursuing Executive MBA program (Specializing in Human Resource Management) from SIES College, Mumbai.


	Extra curricular

	· Participated in many College Events and hosted many Inter College Events
· Member of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and Volunteered in a few campaigns.



Page 1 of 2

