












































                                













	Operating Systems
	Windows XP/2000/10

	Languages
	Java, SQL

	J2EE Technologies
	JDBC, JSP, Servlets

	Frameworks
	Hibernate, Spring

	RDBMS & DBMS
	MySQL, Oracle

	Web Server 
	Apache Tomcat

	Tools
	JUnit, Log4j, Maven

	IDE
	Eclipse, My Eclipse, Net Beans







                                

             

      Email	: jogineha2@gmail.com 

                   Mobile No	: +91 8149 933 095

	



NEHA JOGI



Objective





Seeking challenging career in software development where I can create value for company by utilizing technical proficiencies in JAVA, J2EE and grow along with the companies.





Professional Summary





1.5+ years of overall IT experience in Software Developer in Core Java, Servlet, JSP, JDBC, Hibernate, Spring.

Expertise in Spring IOC & MVC.

Expertise in Hibernate Framework.

Expertise in J2EE Design Patterns.

Good knowledge in Web Services.

Sound knowledge on HTML, CSS and Java Script.

Appeared OCAJP 8 Java SE 8 Programmer I Certification Exam

Good analytical and programming capabilities coupled with excellent decision-making skills.

Exceptional ability to learn new concepts. Hard working and enthusiastic







Professional Qualifications



M.E (CSE) from Prof. Ram Meghe College of Engineering, Amravati in May 2017

B.E (IT) from HVPM College of Engineering & Technology, Amravati in May 2014



Employment History



Software Engineer in SLK Software Services Pvt Ltd, Bangalore from Aug 2017 to till date



Technical Skills



Project 1



Client          	:		Trulia.com, USA

Role			:	Team Member	

Team Size		:              8

Environment		:	Java, JSP, Spring, Hibernate, Tomcat and MySQL.

Description		:

Trulia is a home and neighborhood site for buyers, sellers and renters to list, find homes and neighborhoods across United States through recommendations, local insights, and map overlays that offer details on commute, reported crime, schools, and nearby businesses. The project enables with online platform to list, search residential or commercial properties. The web portal provides different menu tab items for Admin and general member users.

The general member user has access to menu items to create his own profile, list real estate properties to sell or to rent. The search functionality enables him to find properties for purchase or rent purpose. Search feature also includes features to filter and limit search results which conforms to specific criteria like locality, budget, built up area, number of rooms, whether pure residential or apartment or the floor in apartment etc. User can delist the property, can upload photos, videos, gave recommendation, comment, like/dislike etc. Users can set different email/mobile SMS alerts to get real time updates on their listed properties or about their property requirements. They can access to property 

Admin has a complete control of web portal. Admin can delete listed properties from portal in case a property is already rented out, sold etc. Admin can publish different reports from the system. 



Responsibilities:	



Designed JSP`s as per the Requirement.

Implemented Controller Classes.

Implemented Commands and their Validations.

Written Spring Services Interfaces and their implementations.

Written Spring DAO’s and their implementations with Hibernate.

Written Hibernate components.









