















































 

Shivank Sharma 

Consultant – SAP Basis 

Mobile No: 9717456954 

E-Mail: shivanksharmaa91@gmail.com 

SUMMARY 

❖ Having 3+ Years of experience as a SAP Basis Consultant in SAP ECC 6.0.  

❖ SAP experience includes SAP Installations, Upgrades, Maintenance and implementation. 

❖ Experience OS particularly Windows, Red Hat Linux, AIX6.1 and HP UX. 

❖ Good at handling databases like SAP Sybase, HANA, Oracle. 

❖ Extensive experience in SAP Basis Administration ranging from ECC6 to ECC6 EHP7.  

❖ Good at Kernel and Support Pack Upgrade, System Refresh, Transport Management (STMS) 

and alerts. 

❖ Have excellent troubleshooting, interpersonal, technical skills and analytical skills. Able to 

meet very stringent deadlines with a minimum supervision. 

❖ Experience in Client Servicing, Requirement Gathering, Troubleshooting, Quality Assurance, 

Bug Documentation & Regression, Technical Support and SAP Security Management  

CAREER AT A GLANCE: 

❖ Presently working as Consultant – SAP Basis with Diverse Infotech Private Limited from March 

‘2017 to till date. 

❖ Worked with Danta Technologies Pvt. Ltd. as a SAP Basis Consultant from Aug 2016 to March 

2017. 

❖ Worked with CyberCure Technologies Pvt. Ltd. as a SAP Basis Consultant from Jan 2015 to 

July 2016. 

SAP Skill Set  

SAP Installation: Implementation of SAP ECC 6.0 including Installation on single system, 

Distributed system and High Ability System, Post installation activities, Configuration. 

User Administration: User maintenance like create new user, reset user password , Unlock user, 

Profile management, Role and authorization management, Generation reports in SUIM, USMM. 

System Upgrade: Apply Support Packages, Snotes to ABAP Stack, Update SPAM/SAINT version, 

Applied Add-ons, Kernel up gradation, EHP Upgrade using SUM 1 SP14 / SP18. 

Client Administration: Performed Client Copies like Local client copy, remote client copy, client 

export and import. 

Transport Management: Transport the request to the system in the landscape. 

System Monitoring: Responsible for daily monitoring of SAP systems with the help of T-codes like 

(SM51, SM66, SM12, SM13, SM21, ST22, AL08, SCC4, SE06, DB12, DB02, ST02, ST04, ST06, DBA  

COCKPIT, SMQ1, SMQ2, SM58, SM37). 

Solution Manager: Installation solution manager 7.1, upgrade sps stack from 04 to sps 12 using 

sum, configuration basis configuration / system preparation / managed system. 

System Refresh/Copy: Homogeneous System Copy using db specific method Backup Restore or 

using sap inst. with sap Sybase mssql and Hana. 

Database management: Installation and administration of database like Oracle, DB2, MS SQL, 

SAP Sybase, oracle database patch update, and Oracle database upgrade from 10g to 11g and 11g 

to 12c in sap environment. 

Other: EHP upgrade, Oracle upgrade, Preparing Backup strategies, Kernel Upgrade, Monitoring & 

Backups/Restore.  

 

 

 

 



 

System Administrator Skills: 

➢ Good understanding of network protocols, operating system and networked system. 

➢ Installation, Configuration & management of Windows 2000/2003/2008 Servers. 

➢ User/Group Management, File/Folder Permissions management, managing sharing 

resources.  

➢ Creating shared folders, NTFS Permissions and Troubleshooting Access problems. 

➢ Remote management Using tools like Remote Administrator and Remote Desktop. 

➢ Installation / Managing of Anti-Virus server and software. 

➢ Installation Database like Microsoft sql server, Oracle. 

➢ Creating / Managing and working with Virtual pc and virtual networking using tool Microsoft 

virtual machine 2004, VMware and Parallels Workstation.  

 

 

SAP Project 7 

 

Client       :  Aero (Wood land). 

Duration     :  March 2017—till date 

Project Type    :  DB / EHP7 Upgrade and Share Support 

Environment    : Windows + ASE. 

 

Role and Responsibilities 

 

✓ Activity under Basis support related to tier L1/L2/L3 Technical configuration. 

✓ Problem, troubleshooting and resolution for escalated calls. 

✓ Analyzed Root Cause of Authorization Problems and fix the missing authorizations.  Handling 

teams technically in all areas of service defined within SAP Basis areas. 

✓ Perform the post installation activity of ECC system (TMS, Spool, Background Job, Operation 

Modes, Profile parameter). 

✓ User administration including user creation, modification adding the roles, authorizations 

profiles to the user’s upon request. 

✓ Background Jobs scheduling, error analysis and taking necessary actions upon JOB failure. 

✓ Applying OSS notes and Support Packages imports and solving errors during imports. 

✓ Troubleshoot issues occurred while SAP system start up process.  

✓ Monitor the Standard Background Jobs - further to take necessary actions if the Jobs were 

failed. 

✓ Monitoring & Checking ABAP dumps and provide the information to Technical and Function 

team for the concern Jobs. 

✓ Checking SYSTEM Log files and taking necessary action. 

✓ Daily system monitoring and performing Health checks as preventive steps to keep the 

system up and running 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

SAP Project 6 

 

Client       :  Diverse Infotech Pvt Ltd 

Duration     :  Oct 2017—till date 

Project Type    :   4 Inhouse Server  

Environment    : Demo 21(SUSE+HANA),IDES,ECC,CRM(Win +ASE) . 

 

Role and Responsibilities 

• System Maintenances including Hardware and Application 

• Manual Backup once a week 

• Space maintenance 

• R & D as per requirement. 

 

SAP Project 5 

 

Client       :  Micromax India. 

Duration     :  Aug 2016 to March 2017 

Project Type    :  24*7 Support (Onsite /Offsite). 

Environment    : HPUX + Sybase. 

 

SAP Project 4 

 

Client       :  Insecticides India limited. 

Duration     :  3 Month 

Project Type    :  DB / EHP7 Upgrade and Share Support 

Environment    : IBM AIX + DB2. 

 

SAP Project 3 

 

Client       :  India glycols limited. 

Duration     :  3 Month 

Project Type    :  DB / EHP7 Upgrade and Share Support 

Environment    : HPUX + Oracle. 

 

SAP Project 2 

 

Client       :  Panacea Biotec. 

Duration     :  3 months 

Project Type    :  DB / EHP7 Upgrade and Share Support 

Environment    : Windows + MSSQSL. 

 

SAP Project 1 

Client       :  Samtel Group. 

Duration     :  1.5 Year  

Project Type    :  System Monitoring and Transport, User administration  

Environment    : AIX+Oracle.  

 

Professional & Educational Qualification 

• MCA from M.D University, Rohtak. 

• BCA from M.D University, Rohtak. 

• Diploma in Hardware and Networking  

 

 


