






























































Vipul Gujrati Resume, Page 1 of 3 
 

PERSONAL 
INFORMATION Vipul Gujrati  Ph.D. 

 Brachvogelweg-24, 85375 Neufahrn, Munich (Germany) 
vipulgujrati79@gmail.com & vipul.gujrati@tum.de  
+49-176-28610277   
www.linkedin.com/in/vipul-gujrati-3767678b 

Nationality: Indian 
Marital status: Married 

PROFILE  
 

 

A registered pharmacist and biomedical researcher with a broad spectrum of experience 
in pharmacology and toxicology, biomedical optics, molecular biology, nanomedicines, 
scientific communication, product management, regulatory affairs and pharmaceutical 
sales. Innovative in planning and managing projects, grants, resources, technical problem 
resolution with academic and industrial collaborators resulting in timely accomplishment 
of projects with specified objectives. Excellent negotiation & communication skills, 
exposed to handling and answering regulatory queries, consistently solved problems with 
customers, vendors and other stakeholders within and outside the organization.  
 

 Over 5 years of experience in bioengineered nanocarrier development for theranostic 
applications and carrying out pharmacological and toxicological evaluation using in 
vitro and in vivo screening models. 
 

 Managing the projects sponsored by the Horizon 2020 (EU Research and Innovation 
programme) and  Nanosystems Initiative Munich (NIM), as a lead scientist at TUM. 

 

 Managed the projects sponsored by the National Research Foundation of Korea (NRF) 
and the Ministry of Science, ICT & Future Planning (S Korea) as a project lead. 

 

 Trained the technicians and graduate students while working as a technical lead. 
 

 Gained 3 years of Pharmaceutical Industry experience in Regulatory Affairs (EU 
Market) and Pharmaceutical detailing. 

 

 Developed good understanding of drug development process, GCP, GLP, GMP and ICH                         
guidelines, and strong project management and organization skills. 

 

 Coordinated within and outside the industry with healthcare professionals and product 
management teams for product development and regulatory submission process. 
 

 Demonstrated expertise in preparation and review of manuscripts, research protocols, 
project proposals/ grants, project reports, animal protocols, documentation for 
intellectual property (IP) system, SOPs, regulatory Module 4 and 5 documents, 
abstracts and posters. 

EMPLOYMENT  
05/2016–Present Post-Doctoral Researcher 

 Technical University Munich (TUM), Munich (Germany)  
  Developing drug delivery carriers and probes suitable for optical imaging 

(fluorescence and photoacoustic), and theranostic applications. 
 Working as a project lead by taking decision involving nanomedicine/ probe design, 

and evaluating in vitro and in vivo kinetics and biological activity. 
 Collaborating with diverse groups for nanomedicine development, in vivo disease 

model development and biomedical imaging (fluorescence and photoacoustic).  
 Assisting group with experimental setups, drafting publications, grant applications, 

project proposals, and reports, mentoring students and interviewing students. 
 

09/2014–01/2016 Post-Doctoral Researcher 
 Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST), Daejeon (S Korea) 
  Developed bioengineered nanomedicines and synthetic nanocarriers for targeted 

mailto:vipulgujrati79@gmail.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/vipul-gujrati-3767678b#_blank
https://www.google.co.kr/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwir44btorHXAhXKNSYKHeaNDNoQFggpMAA&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.nano-initiative-munich.de%2Fresearch-areas%2F5%2F&usg=AOvVaw0HDHSArkviHKBfe-cKE1Eq


Vipul Gujrati Resume, Page 2 of 3 
 

drug, gene, and vaccine delivery. 
 Assisted group in preclinical drug screening (synthetic and natural compounds), target 

validation, cancer model development, physicochemical, pharmacological and 
toxicological evaluation of nanomedicines (ADMET studies) and statistical analysis. 

 Assisted group in drafting publications, grant/ project proposals and reports, and 
building and maintaining strong collaborative teams. 

 Provided training and technical assistance to graduate and undergraduate students. 
 

03/2008–08/2009 Graduate Research Associate 
 Korea University (KU), Seoul (South Korea) 
  Investigated the effects of primary immune cell activation on neuronal cell responses 

and effects of diverse natural compounds on cellular survival. Analyzed neuronal 
responses to endogenous and exogenous signals by applications of cellular 
biochemistry and protein chemistry in preclinical biotechnology. 

 Performed maintenance of detailed laboratory records, equipment’s, and animals. 
 Assisted in drafting project reports and providing technical assistance to students. 

 

07/2006–01/2008 Research Scientist II - Regulatory Affairs (EU zone) 
 Torrent Pharmaceuticals LTD, Gandhinagar, Gujarat (India) 
  Worked in a team responsible for compilation and submission of the dossier for the 

regulated market of EU countries in CTD format, preparation of responses to EU 
regulatory agencies to address questions or deficiencies in submissions. 

 Assisted in planning regulatory submissions by liaising within industry and with 
regulatory consultants.  

 Assisted in preparation and review of SOPs, protocols, amendments, module 4 and 5 
documents, development of artwork, package insert, and medication guide. 

 Coordinated studies with clinical CROs; exposure to clinical trial protocols, Informed 
Consent Form (ICFs) and Case Report Forms (CRFs). 
 

06/2002–09/2003 Pharmaceutical representative 
 Cadila Pharmaceuticals LTD, Nasik, India. 
  Routinely updated physicians on the latest pharmaceuticals and coordinated clinical 

data with health care professionals. 
 Visited hospitals and healthcare institutions to collect product feedbacks. 
 Worked on keeping records of sales in the assigned territory and maintaining stocks 

with the distributors. 
 

EDUCATION   
03/2010–08/2014 Ph.D. - Biological Sciences 

 Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST), Daejeon (S Korea) 
 Thesis: Bioengineered Cells-Derived Vesicles as Drug-Delivery Carriers for Targeted Cancer 

Therapy. (Advisor: Prof. Dr. Sangyong Jon) 
 

03/2004–05/2006 Masters of Pharmacy (M Pharm - Pharmacology) 
 Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences (RGUHS), Karnataka, (India) 
 Thesis: Preliminary Phytochemical Investigation and Pharmacological Evaluation of the 

Leaf Extracts of Tylophora Indica (Asclepiadaceae). (Advisor: Prof. Dr. N Venkat Rao) 
 

03/1999–05/2002 Bachelor of Pharmacy (B Pharm) 
 University of Pune, Maharashtra (India)  

HONORS / AWARDS  
 
 

 

 Recipient of best thesis award, KAIST, 2014 (Gold medal). 
 Recipient of a fellowship from Korea Government, 2012. 
 Recipient of a fellowship from Gwangju Institute of Science and Technology, 2010. 
 Recipient of a fellowship from Korea University, 2008. 



Vipul Gujrati Resume, Page 3 of 3 
 

GRANTS RECEIVED  
  
 HORIZON 2020 Call: Nanotechnologies, Advanced Materials, Biotechnology and 

Production – 2017 (Lead scientist; 6 million EUR grant for a consortium).  
 Intelligent Synthetic Biology Center of the Global Frontier Project, the Ministry of 

Science, ICT & Future Planning (2013M3A6A8073557) – 2012-2016 (lead scientist; 
400,000,000 Korean won). 

 National Research Foundation of Korea (NRF), the Ministry of Education, Science and  
Technology (20110029943) – 2009-2014 (lead scientist; 540,000,000 Korean won). 

PUBLICATIONS, PATENTS 
and  PRESENTATIONS 

 

 High standard scientific writing (Grants/Research articles/Reports), details are listed on: 
https://orcid.org (ORCID ID: 0000-0003-2586-0210) 
 Publication number: 15  
 Patents: 1 
 Presentations: Over 10 conference presentations  

KEY SKILLS  
 

Research/ Analytical  
 

 

 Worked with diverse synthetic and natural compounds, cell-derived carriers, peptides, 
liposomes, polymeric conjugates, and inorganic nanoparticles for diverse applications 
(optical imaging, chemotherapy, photothermal and photodynamic therapy, and 
vaccine development). 

 Skilled in molecular research techniques, cloning, PCR techniques (PCR, RT-PCR, qRT-
PCR, and primer design) and western blotting and ELISA. 

 Skilled in preclinical research techniques, handling of primary cells, human and mouse 
cancer cell lines, preparation of 3D culture, in vitro drug screening (ADMET studies), 
immunocytochemistry (ICC), and RNAi assay. 

 Extensively worked on mouse handling and maintenance, tumor inoculation and 
monitoring (allograft and xenografts) and drug administration (p.o, i.m, i.p and i.v). 

 In vivo screening of natural and synthetic drugs, pharmacokinetics and biodistribution 
study, in vivo immunogenicity and toxicity study. 

 Experienced in tissue dissection, isolation of blood (from adult mouse tail or retro-
orbital route), tissue processing (paraffin and frozen embedding, sectioning by 
cryostat), histological staining and analysis (IHC, IF, and H&E). 

 Experienced with analytical instruments such as particle size analyzer- DLS, microplate 
reader- UV and spectrophotometer, optical imaging [ light microscopy, fluorescence, 
confocal microscopy, whole animal (IVIS), and photoacoustic imaging],  regularly used 
HPLC, FACS, TEM and SEM. 
 

                Digital 
competence 

Conversant with MS-Word, Outlook, internet and email. Familiar with EndNote PLUS, 
Sigma plot, and SPSS software package. 
 

ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATION 

 

 

Language(s)  Hindi (Native),  
 English (Professional),  
 German (level A1),  
 

Memberships  Indian Pharmaceutical Association (IPA) 2006. 
 Korean Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology (KSBMB) 2014. 
 

                        Referees  Available on Request 
 

 


