













































         RESUME 
 

Piyushpuri Rameshpuri Goswami  

Contact : 9619299744 

Mail ID : Piyushrg00@gmail.com  

 

❖ OBJECTIVE: 

Seeking a result oriented company having a globally competitive environment that is looking for an ambitious and 

career conscious person, where a blend of my acquired skills and education will be utilized on challenging 

assignments in a creative atmosphere. 

 

❖ Education : 

Education  Institutions  Year of passing 

Graduation KES College 2016 

H.S.C KES College 2013 

S.S.C SVP high school 2011 

 

❖ KEY SKILL : 

Smart working, ability to get along well with people 

Good analytical skill and positive attitude. 

 

❖ ACHIEVEMENT AND REWARD : 

I am won various debates competition, 

I am won garba competition, traditional day competition, 

I am also take part in college annual day competition and cultural activity. 

 

❖ Work experience:  

Currently working in Iprocess pvt ltd as a PBO. 

6 month in SBI Card as a sales executive. 

2 years as a sales boy. 

2 months under the CA. 

 

 

 

mailto:Piyushrg00@gmail.com


❖ COMPUTER SKILLS : 

 Proficient in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Tally ERP9, 

 Basic Knowledge of MS Access, SQL, Visual Basic. 

 

❖ Personality : 

positive  attitude towards life, 

Honesty with sense of purpose, 

Openers to words learning new skill, 

Ability to work hard in adverse circumstance to meet the target without loosing patience. 

 

❖ INTEREST : 

Making new friends,  

Learning new things, 

Reading books and computer application, 

Play cricket, 

Adventures travelling, 

Helping others. 

 

❖ PERSONAL DETAILS : 

• ADDRESS : Room no : 09, Geeta sadan, 

                    Hemukalani RD no : 03, 

                    Kandivali (west), 

                   Mumbai : 400067 

• Date of birth : 12th may 1995 

• Languages know : English, Hindi, Gujarati , Marathi. 

 

I hereby declare that the information furnished by me is correct and in the best of my knowledge. 

 

 

 Signature : 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 

 

  

 

 


