














































Soumajita Ghosh
62/2/1, Atindra Mukherjee lane
Shibpur, Howrah – 711 102
Mobile: +91 9836591874
Email:
  soumajitaghosh@gmail.com
skype id: soumajitag









S Pyne & Associates (September2013 to November 2016)
Designation: Accounts Assistant

Job Description: 

Preparing details of unsecured loan, bank accounts, deposits & professional charges in excel.

Preparation of various reports related with investment in shares and debentures ascertaining the tax benefits accordingly.

Direct & Indirect taxation.

Cost Audit & Finalization of accounts.

Preparation of loan management in ERP.

Preparation of Bank reconciliation statement.




1.  Microsoft office.
2. SAP

3. Tally

Field of Expertise


· B.Com from university of Calcutta in the year 2013.

· ISCE (10+2) from Council of Indian School Certificate Examination in the year 2009.

· ICSE (10th) from Council of Indian School Certificate Examination in the year 2007.
Soumajita Ghosh

Kolkata

Curriculum Vitae



Object



To be placed in an esteemed organization where skills can be best utilized for the betterment of my company and hence myself



Personal Attributes



Fast learner.

Independent & conscientiously provide innovative and helpful solutions

Dependable managing skills.

Goal-oriented approach towards solving issues. 

Pleasing personality with good interpretation and communications skills.

Versatile skills.



Career History





Genpact India Pvt Ltd. (December 2016 till date)



Designation : Process Associate		



Job Description : Payments



Preparing pre payment and post payment proposal list for Automatic & Manual Payments.



Execution of automatic proposals for payment to vendors, customers & employee in SAP on a   daily basis.



Preparation and execution of Manual payment proposals in SAP.



Extraction CMM and reconciling with SAP post payment.



Pulling Return of ACH & Rejection  of ACH Payments report from CMM and following up with cause with vendors and employees.



Perform manual clearing of direct debit payments for Incoming as well as outgoing payments.



Maintaining and updating the SOP’s as per policy changes.



Different daily and weekly internal and client reportings.



Major SLA Reporting as per standard.



Client calls regarding updation of the process.



Process training to new joinees .









	





Field of Expertise



Rewards & Recognitions from process for performing well in the activities assigned.



 Achievements



Personal Details



Name: 	Soumajita Ghosh					Father’s Name: Sanjay Ghosh

Date of Birth: 	30th November, 1990				Sex: Female

Marital Status: Single						Nationality: Indian

Dependent: None						Hobbies: Photography



Academics






