













































PARVEZ USMANI


  

                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
SANDEEP RAM SAHU        
Mob No.:- +91- 9931505378            
E-mail: sandipsahu001@gmail.com          

PROFILE SUMMARY: 

 Over 2.10 years of experience that includes analysis, programming, support, and database administration. 

 Experience in Modifying sp’s ,sql queries for fetching data according to requirment. 

 Creating and Administering the SQL Server Databases like data and log file placements and managing the growth 
parameters and database options. 

 Expertise in Database backup, Recovery, Restoration and Disaster Recovery Plans. 

 Experience in Creating and scheduling the jobs and troubleshooting the failed jobs. 

 Experience in tools like Performance Monitor, Profiler, Import and Export wizard and Copy database wizard. 

 Configuring, monitoring and troubleshooting the REPLICATION and DR activities. 

 Configuring and Maintaining and troubleshooting the Database Log Shipping and also experience in Mirroring DR 
activities. 

 Worked as a database administrator for MS SQL Server databases, and supported applications with efficient back-
end processing. 

 Experience in using windows powershell for automation such as service alerts, disk space , backups etc. 

 Design Automatic Deployment for BE objects in sql server using Powershell and Python 

 Experience Object oriented Programming concepts(OOPs) using Python and Java 

 Experience in working with various python integrated development environments like IDLE, Pycharm, Eclipse etc 

 Experience with requests ,numpy ,beautifulsoup etc 

 
 

TECHNICAL SKILL:-  

 SQL Server Versions  SQL Server 2008, 2008R2 and 2012 
 SQL server tools   SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Profiler, Performance 

Monitor and DBCC Commands  
 DR Configuration   Log Shipping , Mirroring,  Transactional Replications 
 Operating Systems  Windows Server  2008 R2 and 2012 
 Ticketing Tools   ITS, R-Track 
 Other Essential Software  Microsoft Office Word, Excel 
 Languages                                            PYTHON, JAVA, MS SQL  
 Scripting language                             windows powershell, python 

 

EXPERIENCE DETAILS:-  

 Working currently as Operation Engineer with Ramco Systems, chennai since July 2015 To Present.  

 

Education:- 

 
B.tech(Hons.) 

National Institute of 
Technology,Jamshedpur 
 

          
           2015    

    
         8.66 

         XII (CBSE) 
 
 

D.A.V Public School, 
Khunti, Jharkhand. 

            2010        91.80% 

mailto:sandipsahu001@gmail.com


  

         X (CBSE) D.A.V Public School, 
Khunti, Jharkhand. 

            2008        82.60% 

 

 

PROJECT DETAILS:- 

Project #1  
Client  :  TAFE and TMTL 
Role  :  SQL DBA  
Duration  :  July 2015 to till date 
Team Size  :  9 
Environment  : SQL Server 2008/2012, Windows 2003, 2008 server 

 
TAFE and TMTL is tractors and farm equipment limited having 1500 dealers across whole india based on ERP  
Product.. 
 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Providing 24*7 Database production support to the customer which includes following activities. 

 Created New databases, additional ou and additional company for 1000 dealers alone.. 

 Resolving Tickets which include creating and maintaining databases, monitoring Disk Space, database integrity, 
identifying missing Indexes, handling blocking 

 Configuring and troubleshooting high availability scenarios like Log Shipping. 

 Maintained & Monitored Alert/Schedule to make smooth replication process. 

 Ensure and maintain sound backup and recovery policies and procedures. 

 Database performance monitoring and tuning when required as per application and business    requirements. 

 Performing the Failover and Failback operations in the cluster environment and adding the new Disks and 
troubleshooting activities. 

 Backup and restoring the databases from production to test environment. 

 Identifying and Resolving the issues like blocking, dead lock, disc space, database corruption and  file growth 
related. 

 Monitoring of server performance using profiler and perfmon tools. 

 Creating and reviewing Security features for all the servers. 

 Configuring and monitoring the Database Mirroring and Log Shipping. 

 Trouble shooting and resolving blocking, deadlock and disk space space issues.  

 Ensuring Data consistency in the database through DBCC commands. 

 Repetitive issues analysis and proposals for permanent resolutions. 

 Taking backups from production servers and restoring them on UAT & simulation Servers 

 
Project #2 

        1.Automatic Backend Deployment Tool: 
              Deploying BE sql server objects automatically using Python and powershell. 
         
        2.Web scraping Cricbuzz website to get the scorecard using Beautifulsoup in Python 
         

 


