












































Sushilkumar R

RESUME
 
KAPIL C. SONWANE
 Email-id: kapil.sonwane@gmail.com Mob. 8830476922
 Add: Hanuman Nagar, Ring Road, Gondia, 441601.
   
Career Objective                


A position where proves skills would be utilize. To offer my best services for the progress of organization. I am working or looking forward to an opportunity to work with an association to pursue a challenging career.                                       

    
Academic Qualification

                         
1. Post Graduate in MBA in Finance & Marketing
From Ambedkar College (Nagpur), which is affiliated to Rashtrasant
Tukdoji Maharaj Nagpur University

2. Graduate in B.Com 
From Binzani College (Nagpur), which is affiliated to Rashtrasant
   Tukdoji Maharaj Nagpur University.

3. Higher Secondary Certificate – 12th
   From Maharashtra State Board.
   
4. Secondary School Certificate – 10th
From Maharashtra State Board. (Gondia)

 (
Professional Experience
)  


             
1. Company – Currently working in Cognizant Technology Solutions.
       Designation: Sr. A.R. Executive
       Location	  : Hyderabad.  
       Duration     : Sep – 2017 to Current

Roles and Responsibilities:
1. Calling Insurance companies (in US) on behalf of doctors/physicians and follow up on outstanding Accounts Receivable
2. Convince the claims company (payers) for payment of their outstanding claims.
3. To check the appropriateness of the insurance information given by the patient if it is inadequate or unclear.
4. In case the patient does not have sufficient insurance coverage for the medical procedure or if the patient is in any way not eligible for coverage, transfer the outstanding balance to the patient.
5. In case the claim has already been paid by the insurance company, request insurance company/ TPA to send EOB (Explanation of Benefits) through fax/ mail.
2. Company – Ascent Business Solution 
       Designation: Sr. Executive
                                Location	   : Nagpur  
 Duration     : Feb 2017 to Aug 2017
1. Follow up with insurance companies to understand status of claims. Follow up is done through insurance company/ TPA website or through outbound calls.
2. Constantly keep track of both electronic and paper claims.


 (
Strengths
)
                 
·  Possess strong commitment to team dynamics with the ability to contribute expertise and follow leadership directives at appropriate times.
· A versatile professional with strong focus towards delivering need based product solutions to clients through collective efforts backed by a positive attitude and a keenly analytical mind.


 (
 Certification / Participations
)


· Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India (IRDA)
· Participated in Computer-Expo 2012 in Silver System as a stall executive.
· Worked in “Cyclothone-2011” as a “Marshal” conducted by “Rotary Club, Nagpur”.
 (
Personal
 Information 
)

1. Name              : Kapil Chainlal Sonwane
        2. DOB                   : 16 Apr 1988
       3. Religion              : Hindu
 4. Marital Status  : Married
                           5. Language known       : English, Hindi & Marathi.

                           DECLARATION:

                                I hereby declare that all the above information is true to the best of my                                             Knowledge.


                       Date: 26/12/2018                     

                       Place:  Hyderabad		                                               Kapil C.Sonwane
