














































Resume

Name:- Kausadikar Shantanu Namdev           
Mob No.+ 91 9112918074
	Career Objective:

	I want to obtain a challenging position in a large organization, where I should able to use my specialized qualification and skills.


Experience:
· Globalsoft Technology (6th  May 2014 to May 2017)

Designation :  Data Entry Operator
	Currently Working as  Process Associate :                                                            June 2017 to Till date

	Company Name
	Cross Country Infotech Pvt Ltd.

	Responsibilities :

	 Process Title-Web Application Allocation Process (WAAP).
Waap process has divided into three groups WLP (Web Leads Process), PAA(Phone application allocation), Sharing Leads.

WAAP Process : This process handles by Cross Country Trav Corps(CCTC) admins, who receive client application from various sources, such as CROSS ,  MSN. MEDSTAFF. In CCTC admin, the coordinators (WAAP team) access application, verify application, delete application and allocate application to the appropriate person (Recruiter & Tag) according to the criteria.                                                 
WLP Process : WLP Team receive email updates from HCP’s (Health care professional) to CCTC Inquiry, NP Inquiry & CRU Inquiry mail boxes, team reviews those mails and allocate accordingly to TAG & Recruiters. If HCP is a new client WLP team creates a new file on IRIS and get allocate to Tag, if HCP is an old client who is already existing in IRIS ; depending upon notes from Tag and Recruiter WLP team process according to guidelines.

PAA Process : PAA team receives app rec’d date requests from Tag & recruiter when application is complete and get ready to submit to hospitals. In detail, Tag/Recruiter sends an email to requesting the app received date or app update to PAA team. Team verifies the information that is updated by Tag/Recruiter into IRIS. IF IRIS  file is completed without mistake, team gives app received date or app update date to Tag/Recruiter of if file need to be update then PAA team rollback to the appropriate person.
 Sharing Leads: Lead comes in via email into CCTC Inquiry inbox.

1. ITES goes to Consultant Apply page for the specific: “Job  Type selected” please share this lead…ex: All, Permanent, Perdiem, Travel.
2. New lead will automatically be allocated to a TAG/Recruiter.

3. If  the lead not sent automatically ITES team manually allocated to TAG/Recruiter.




	Technical Skills :

	Software Skills:
 Operating System: Window XP, Window 7, 10.

 Application Software: Ms-Office, Outlook.             
 


	Examination/Degree
	Board/University/Institute
	Year of Passing
	Marks %

	B. Sc(CS)
	S. R. T. M. U. Nanded
	2012
	61.12%

	H.S.C.
	Aurangabad Board
	2008
	81.00%

	S.S.C.
	Aurangabad Board
	2006
	51.2%


	Personal Details

	Gender :
	MALE
	Marital Status  :
	Single

	D.O.B.:
	15/06/1990
	Language Proficiency:
	English, Hindi, Marathi

	Permanet  Address
	Flat No 305 Rajnigandha apartment sai chowk new sangvi Pune.
	Contact No:
	+919112918074

	
	
	Email id:
	shantanukausadikar@gmail.com


Date: 

Place:  Pune                                                                                                              Kausadikar Shantanu
