














































Poonam Motling      Recruitment Expert 
Ghatkopar, Mumbai     PG in HRM, TISS 
poojibags@gmail.com     IATA/UFTAA Foundation  
Availability – 1-month      Alliance Françoise Level A1 
+91 8378981211     SAP HR   
 
 
Profile 
 

 More than 9 years of recruitment experience across various sectors. 
 Proficient in candidate profiling, headhunting & referral checks, skilled learner and process oriented. 
 Skilful in team management, Relationship Management and Stakeholder Management. 

 
Competences 
 
Relationship 
Management 

 Developing a collaborated strategy with Business Partners / Hiring Managers/ 
Stakeholders / Management in terms of structure, headcount and budgets to 
acquire ideal talent. 

 Effective Candidate Management from sourcing to on boarding. 
 
Recruitment/ Talent 
Acquisition 

 
 360-degree recruitment for various National/International positions. 
 Proactive strategy for contingency/retainer/fixed term recruitment. 
 Tailored approach for each position at executive, middle and management 

levels 
 Build talent pipelines for hard to find skills. 
 Timely Delivery of Key Talent solutions 
 Campus Placements 
 Process offer letters, appointment letters, transfer letters, etc.  

  
Business / Process 
Analysis 

 Capture and share Market Intelligence 
 Product Analysis of Global Competitors 
 Assist in transition to new process 
 Provide analysis to set salary benchmark for internal positions 
 Influential approach to bring significant changes in organization. 

  
Technology   Adept with digital and social media channels such as LinkedIn 

 Integrated CRM, ATS and advertising systems such as ‘One Touch’ 
 Use digital channels for company branding and posting of new jobs. 
 Hands on experience in SAP HCM in current role. 

 
 
Executive HR, Ashoka Concessions, Nashik        Jun’17 - till date 
 

 Formalized the organization structure and talent acquisition strategy in collaboration with the MD’s 
office/ Business Heads/ HR Head.     

 Conduct market mapping and talent identification to acquire the Best-In-Class leadership talent for 
Infrastructure, Real estate and City Gas Distribution projects.     

 Built intellectual project workforce capital for the leadership roles at corporate as well as at the site. 
 Planned and implemented various event/occasion-based celebrations – Festivals, Birthdays and 

Achievement Occasions. 
 
HR-Talent Acquisition, Sportive Technology LLP, Mumbai    Mar’15 - May’17 
 

 Lateral hiring and leadership hiring for automobile, e-commerce and start-ups clients Pan India. 
 Statutory compliance with ROC, filing returns and maintenance of statutory registers. 
 Appointment of consultants, training and its payroll compliances. 

 
PG in HRM, TISS, Mumbai          Mar’13 - Dec’14  
 
Freelance Consultant, Transcendix, Mumbai              May’12 - Dec’12 
 

 Helped expand Transcendix HR- Learning and development business in Mumbai. 
 Coordinated and volunteered the execution of L&D programs. 

mailto:poojibags@gmail.com


Key Account Manager, Hays India, Mumbai            Mar’09 - Apr’12 
 

 Responsible for 360-degree recruitment cycle right from building relationship with clients, negotiating 
terms of business and then independently handling recruitment projects. 

 Responsible for candidate management, besides referring them for available positions, also 
responsible to develop talent pools and talent pipelines to eventually create a sustainable talent 
supply chain. 

 Hands on experience in integrated CRM, ATS and advertising systems - One Touch. Social media 
marketing and branding of hays business 

 Supporting our team globally, working on assignments with colleagues in other countries, successfully 
recruited candidates in India, Australia, UK... from planning, coordination, relationship management, 
meeting deadlines, sorting immigration issues etc. 

 Ensured long term recruitment partnership with clients such as Novartis, GSK, Cadila, Ranbaxy, Icon 
Clinical Research, Evotech and others. 

 Rewarded as employee of the Year and had an opportunity to visit Dubai office and acquainted with 
the global recruitment process. 

 
Recruitment Team Leader, Contactx Resource Management, Mumbai  Oct’06 - Sept’08 
 

 Handled recruitments at executive, middle and management levels across manufacturing & service 
sector. 

 Responsible to handle a team of 6 recruiters and provide hiring forecast and support to proactively 
reduce the total time to close positions. 

 Active participation in Head Hunting as a tool for recruitment. Conducting Pre and Post follow-up in 
case of selection of candidates till the date of their joining. 

 Effectively facilitated clients such Marico, Clarient, Siro Clinpharm, Galderma, Politico and RSIL by 
helping them find a right match for their job positions. 

 Defining roles & design KRA templates of team members to generate role clarity and increase 
accountability towards a given task. 

 
I took a break for competitive exams.  
 
Travel Agent, Harshil Tours & Travels         Apr’03 - Jul’03 

 Reservation and ticketing of national and international flights, sell tour packages. 
 Assist clients in visa and passport application. 

 
Education 
 
PG in HRM, TISS, Mumbai          Mar’13 - Dec’14 
Bachelor of Commerce, Mumbai, First Class      Jun’99 - May’02 
IATA/UFTAA Foundation course, Mumbai, Distinction     Jun’02 - Sep’02 
Alliance Françoise Level A1         Mar’15 - May’15 
 
Languages 

Fluent in English, Marathi, Hindi;  

Basic French and Gujarati 

 


