


















































Curriculum vitae

ABDUL NASER HUSSAIN
Arun Kumar Appartments,
Door No. F1, Block No. A1
5th Mosque Colony,
Kamarajpuram
Chennai – 600 073
Mob     :  9032314889
E-mail  : abdulnaser93@gmail.com

Career Objective:

           Seeking a responsible career position, which will offer a high level of challenge, responsibility and opportunity to contribute significantly to the growth of the organization and to gain future exposure and enhance my strengths and experiences.

Educational Qualification:

	
Name of the Course

	
Name of the School/College
	
Board/ University
	
YOP
	
Percentage

	B.Tech (ECE)
	St. Martins Engineering College, Dulapally, Hyderabad
	JNTUH
	2015
	64.96%

	Intermediate

	Narayana Junior College, Kukatpally, Hyderabad
	Board Of Intermediate Education, A.P.
	2011
	82.90%

	S.S.C
	
Blooming Buds Convent School, Suraram, Hyderabad
	Board Of Secondary Education, A.P.
	2009
	78.00%



Technical Skills:

· Oracle SQL
· Basics in JAVA


Work Experience:-

1. Worked at Optum Global Solutions (UHG) From August’17 to January’18.

6 months of Contract Job with Optum Global Solutions (UHG) as Claims Associate on payroll of Artech Info System Pvt. Ltd


Responsibilities:
· Coordinating among the team and ensuring that the team is meeting the Target.
· Meeting the required Production Target without compromising on Quality
· Noting down the available updates and discussing the same in team Huddles every day.

2. Worked at Tata Business Support Services From July’16 to June’17.

11 months of Experience as Customer Care Executive in Tata Business Support Services.

Responsibilities:
· Answering calls professionally to provide information about products and services or obtain details of complaints.
· Out calling to customer for COD verification.
· Raising the Tickets for the products received at warehouse.

Achievements & Participation:

· Received Legend of Extraordinary Award in Tata Business Support Services for best performance.
· Attended a workshop on Entrepreneurship Development at Siva Sivani Institute of Management.
Personal Profile:
        	Name			 :	 Abdul Naser Hussain
         
Date of Birth      	 : 	 18-09-1993					
         	
Father’s Name		 :	Abdul Rasheed
         
Languages known  	 :	English, Hindi & Telugu
         
Interests & Hobbies  	 : 	Long jump, Listening Music
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
				
Place: Chennai              
Date:                                                                                         (ABDUL NASER HUSSAIN)

