













































Kumar R


Shahbaz Pasha                               
Phone: 91-9986712367  
Email ids: Shahu4246@gmail.com 
                 
             
Objective 

  I am a result-driven professional with extensive experience in the LAN, WAN Engineering. I have 
competitive expertise in the Implementation and Troubleshooting of LAN/WAN Network Systems 
and I would like to align with an organization which would enable and harness my existing skill sets 
towards its goals. Seeking a challenging environment that encourages continuous learning and 
creativity that provides exposure to new ideas and stimulates personal and professional growth. 

 

Profile 

A results oriented individual Expertise is broad in scope. I understand and believe in the 
integration of techniques, I learn more and do more of the work, add more value to the team. Be 
able to handle complex situations and time crunch schedules, would create more value for the 
company and for the customer. 

 
Summary 

3 Years of experience in Network Operations, involved in ISP and network. Has knowledge and 
experience in the area of networking concepts like Internetworking, Internet protocols, OSI 
Reference Model,IP Routing,L2 Switching,VLan,Managing traffic with Access list, Network 
design, Network Planning. 

 Strongly self-motivated, willing to assume responsibilities. 

 Can work independently, lead or work within a team environment. 

 Good organizational and communication skills, both oral and written. 
 

Skill set 

Utilities Ping, Trace route, Telnet, Nslookup, Wireshark, SolarWinds,  etc. 

Network Hardware 
 
Cisco switches (2950, 3550, 3750, 4500,3850 6880 ), Cisco-
Routers ( ASR ), Edge-core 

Technologies 
Frame relay, Routing, Switching, OSI model, IP addressing. Basic 
level of Wireless troubleshooting Radwin 

Internet Protocols 
TCP/IP, IP, ARP, ICMP, TCP, UDP, FTP, TFTP, SNMP and 
SMTP.  

Routing Protocols Static and Dynamic (Routing and Routed -- RIP, OSPF, BGP). 

Switching concepts 
LAN technologies (Ethernet-CSMA/CD), STP (IEEE 802.1d/ IEEE 
802.1w, IEEE 802.1s) VLANS, Tagging (IEEE 802.1q) Ether 
channel, Redundancy concepts (HSRP). 

Wan Technology ISDN, Frame Relay, HDLC, PPP. 

Monitoring tools MikroTik Dude, Bit familiar with Whats up Gold. 

Devices  Hub, Switches, Routers, LAN Testing, Optical testing. 

Security 
implementations 

Access-List, NAT,Sophos 

Operating systems Windows (Xp, 7, 8, 10) Linux 

 



Work Profile 

SL No Name of the Organization Designation Duration 

 
1. Bell Teleservices India Pvt Ltd Senior Network Engineer 

 
April 2015 – Till Date 

 
 
Senior Network Engineer 

April 2015 – Till Date   Bell Teleservices India Pvt Limited, Bangalore, Karnataka. 
 

Company profile : 
 

BELL Teleservices commenced its operations in 2003 by providing Optic Fibre Project 
management and consultancy services to major Telco’s in Bangalore. 
Based on significant expertise in OFC project management, BELL started deploying its own 
Fibre infrastructure in and around Bangalore. 
By the way of acquisition and self-deployment, BELL has the 4th largest underground Optic 
Fibre networks measuring 900 Kms in Bangalore. BELL’s network infrastructure is appropriate 
for catalyzing the growth of the Internet and networking in an infrastructure starved market. 

 
Summary of duties: 
 

o Responsible for entire Karnataka network operations  
o NMS handling and fine tuning of NMS – Dude,  Whatsup Gold, SolarWinds 
o Responsible for the Enterprise customers Implementation and support 
o Handling daily Field operations 
o coordinating with Vendor and internal teams for service breakdown 
o Designing the Network and up gradation of Network 
o Change management, Capacity Planning and Network Planning  
o Periodic Meeting with enterprise customers  
o Analyze business requirements to develop technical network solutions 
o Involving in the solution design for Enterprise customers 
o Ensuring the uptime of POP’s and meeting the promised SLA for customers 
o Troubleshooting the Network and customer issue to meet SLA and MTTR 
o Team review and implementing the necessary automation tools. 
o Analyzing the problems and implementing the required corrective actions. 

o Supporting the business units by providing solutions and visiting the enterprise 
customers along with service assurance team. 

 
Few Major Projects handled independently at Bell Teleservices India Pvt Limited 
 
 

 
1.Title   : Implementation of 10 Gig core network ring 
BSO   : Belltele 
Description  : Implementation of 10 Gig core network ring 
Responsibility  : Designing of the topology and simulation of the topology on test 
bed. Installation and configuration of network devices in entire Bangalore Region. Optical fiber 
performance check and the stability test. Installed and configured the Cisco 38xx and 45XX 
switches.  
 
 

 



2.Title   : Bangalore – City Police : Surveillance system  
BSO   : Belltele 
Client   : Bangalore City police 
Description  : surveillance project for BCP in 160 Locations  
Responsibility  : Was involved in network designing and planning. Executed the 
plan and deployed the Switches and switched network was designed on 1+1 redundant ring 
topology and 160 Surveillance units were being used by BCP to track city crimes. All devices 
were reachable from Commissioner of Police office and COP network was built on Ring 
topology to provide high uptime. 
 

 
 
 
 
3.Title   : Mysore Traffic Police – Violation / Surveillance system 
BSO   : Belltele 
Client   : Mysore Traffic Department 
Description  : surveillance project for MTRAC in 40 Locations   
Responsibility  : Was involved in network designing and planning. Executed the 
plan and deployed the Switches and switched network was designed on 1+1 redundant ring 
topology and 40 surveillance units in and around of Mysore City were being used by MTRAC 
to track Traffic violations. All devices were reachable from TMC Mysore (Traffic Monitoring 
Center) and TMC network was built on Ring topology to provide high uptime. 
 
 

4.Title   : Bangalore Traffic Police – Violation / Surveillance system 
BSO   : Belltele 
Client   : Bangalore Traffic Department 
Description  : Surveillance project for BTRAC in 180 Locations  
Responsibility  : Was involved in network designing and planning. Executed the 
plan and deployed the Switches and switched network was designed on 1+1 redundant ring 
topology and surveillance units in and around of Bangalore City were being used by BTRAC to 
track Traffic violations. All cameras were reachable from TMC Bangalore (Traffic Monitoring 
Center) and TMC network was built on Ring topology to provide high uptime. 
 

 
Education: 

       

B.E (ISE) with an aggregate of 67% from KNS Institute of Technology affiliated to V.T.U (2010 -

2014). 

Personal Data 

Father’s Name :      Ansar Pasha 
Date of Birth                            :       02.10.1992 
Nationality  :          Indian 
Religion :     Muslim 
Marital Status                          :     Single 
Linguistique fluency               :       English, Hindi, Kannada,Tamil & Urdu 
Address for communication                      #9 3

rd
 Cross 4

th
 Main V R Puram  

                    Palace Guttahalli Bangalore 560 003. 
 
 
Place: Bangalore      
Date:                   [Shahbaz Pasha} 


