














































Prakash Kumar Gupta



Email:  prakashguptacile@gmail.com                                         Contact no: 8583820012  

To work in a challenging environment and solve problems in effective or creative manner by utilizing my years of experience, that provides me the opportunity to grow professionally.

Price Waterhouse Coopers (Kolkata Service Delivery Center)

Senior Associate



   





Job Responsibilities:-

I have worked on multiple projects in this organization. Currently, I am working with US and Australia Finance team on Billing Projects. Some of the key activities are as below –.

· Preparation, review and analysis of Tax return report, Tax Briefing report, FBAR report etc.
· Analyzing the services to categorize them among compliance, consulting, out of scope and investment

· Analyzing foreign invoices raised by network offices through SAP, approving or disputing the invoices accordingly
· Calls and correspondence for the required information and coordination

· Reconciliation of services like – form 8938, 8621, FBAR, Extension, COC, Tax Notices etc.

· Preparation of invoice to be presented to the client for payment
Along with billing project I also worked with US Global Coordination team. Some of the key activities of this project are as below –
· Initial set up of the assignee into the system with all necessary details

· Sending welcome letter and email to the assignee with required information and details

· Coordinating between assignee and briefer to find out feasible time for both the parties to have the consultation

· Scheduling the call on behalf of briefer and managing all documentation
Additionally, I prepare some PowerPoint presentations and Excel reports to represent the quarterly report to our client.

Capgemini India Pvt Ltd
Associate Consultant                         From 19th August, 2013 to 3rd December 2014

                                                                       

Job Responsibilities:-
In this organization I was responsible for all the Account Receivables activities along with certain reporting and presentation. 

· Manage the complete cash application work – This includes cash application for Wire Payments, Cheques and Credit Cards for particular customer accounts. 

· Posting payments to respective customers’ accounts according to the remittance advice.

· Research and resolve unapplied/unidentified cash receipts.

· Auditing process for all type of cash application to identify errors and for maintaining quality of work.

· Managing Intercompany Reconciliation and Bank Reconciliation during Month- End.

· Preparing List of Blocked Sales Orders done with Macro in Excel and releasing those Order as and when approvals are received from Managers.
· Reconciliation and clearing of respective Sub General Ledger accounts on a daily basis.

	Degree
	INSTITUTE
	PERCENTAGE
	YEAR

	MBA
	International School of Business (Punjab Technical University)
	68% 
	2011-2013

	GRADUATION
	Umeshchandra College         (Calcutta University)
	62%
	2009

	CLASS XII 
	Salkia Vikram Vidyalaya     (WBHSE)
	62%
	2006

	CLASS X 
	Salkia Mishra Vidyalaya         (WBSE)
	52%
	2004


 
· I have been awarded twice with Spot Award and Thank you Award for being multitasker, quick learner and flexible as per the business demand employee
· I have been awarded with extra miler (Best employee of the quarter) in Capgemini
· I have successfully accomplished the target provided to pilot batch of live BCP


· Attending business and educational seminars
· Participating in sports, dance and fun programs organized by the company

Date of Birth

:  9th January 1988
Father’s name

:  Gautam Kumar Gupta
Contact Address
:  186/3 G.T.Road Salkia Howrah (North) 
Languages Known
:  Hindi, English, and Bengali.
Computer Proficiency
:  SAP, MS-Office, Windows XP
I do hereby declare that the above mentioned details are true to the best of my knowledge.
Place: Kolkata








Signature
Date:                          






Prakash Kumar Gupta
WORK EXPERIENCE:



EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:





ACHIEVEMENT AND RECOGNITION:



EXTRACURRICULAR/CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES:





PERSONAL DETAILS:







