














































RESUME

PARTHASARATHY RAVI                                   



          Mobile: +91 99420 20002
[

                            E-mail: sarathii2007@gmail.com



 

CAREER OBJECTIVE:        


To pursue a challenging career in Finance and Accounts, to excel in whatever I do with timely accomplishment of allocated tasks ensuring proper coordination with team, learn new aspects on the job and to grow with the organization.

	Areas of experience & skills


1. Expertise in order to cash process – Billing/Accounts Receivables/ Cash applicaton.

2. Handling a team of 2-3 members, MIS reporting, People Management, Client Servicing, Operations Management, Process Re-engineering, Quality Control, and Exposure to Lean methodologies.

3. Expertise in MS Office products & Citrix
WORKING EXPERIENCE:

Senior Finance Associate in HP –Chennai – Since Jan 2011
· Senior Financial Specialist in Business to Business collections process with US customers
· Ensure smooth operational process – implementation, improvements and helping the new hires in Mentoring 

· Sending outstanding liability statement to the customers, follow up with them on a regular basis to receive payment on time

· Credit analysis.
· Generating report for 90+ customer for Debt Chasing/Prompt Following up for payment

· Responsible for preparing the AR across the entities and distributing it to the top management.
· Downloading the check/EFT payments from the bank site and uploading them into our daily workflow.

· Expertise in OverCharge Claims.
Senor Debt Management Executive in HSBC – June 2008 to Dec 2010

   Responsibilities

· Accounts receivable specialist in Business to Customer collections process with HSBC credit card customers

· Allocating received payment to customer accounts

· Generating reports on bad debt analysis
· Credit Analysis

· Escalate it to the next level for final authorization before resolving the ticket
ACHIEVEMENTS:

1 Reduced Days of Sales Outstanding (DSO), Worked on the timely revenue recognition & Invoicing cycle of each client and reviewed the process of delivery of invoices to the customer before that date for processing jointly with Delivery team. 

2 Have Implemented Lean ideas in our process, which helped for Standardization of all activities and removal of NVAs which increased overall process productivity.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 
	Course 
	Institution 
	Percentage 
	Year Of Pass out 

	B.Sc. Bio-Chemistry 
	PSG Arts and Science-Coimbatore 
	59% 
	2008 

	Higher Secondary 
	Tmt. Rugmaniammal Hr. Sec. School, Pollachi. 
	90 % 
	2005 

	SSLC 
	S.R.M.H.S.S-Pollachi 
	85 % 
	2003


COMPUPUTER SKILLS 

1. Certification in MS OFFICE & Internet & Tally 6.0 

2. Certification in Type writing lower - English (35 character per minute) 

PERSONAL PROFILE:

Name

:
P.Ravi 

Age



: 
24 years

DOB

:      
14.02.1988
Sex
 

:     
Male

Marital Status

                :
Single

Nationality


:        
Indian

                                                                   DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the information and facts stated herein above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

 
Place: CHENNAI  









 (PARTHASARATHY.R) 
