












































RESUME

RESUME


Arun Babasaheb Khude
                      



 M.Com., MMS 

Summary:  

A Graduate in Commerce with experience in Accounts, Audit, Taxation, Finance.
Objective: 
Seek an opportunity for experience in the field of commerce to utilize my business and organizational skill in the challenging work environment and learn and develop new skill. 

Educational Qualifications:
	Sr. No.
	Exam passed
	Board/University
	Year of passing
	Percentage

	1
	H.S.C.
	Pune University
	2000
	62.50

	2
	B.Com
	Pune University
	2003
	57.17

	4
	M.Com
	Pune University
	2009
	47.75

	5
	GDC & A
	Pune University
	2011
	56.50

	6
	PGDBM
	Pune University
	2006
	53.63

	7
	MMS
	Pune University
	2007
	54.88


Work Experience: 

M/S Calyx Construction LLP – (Calyx Group)
 (Builders, Promoters, Contractors)  (Sept 2017 – till date)
Having experience in the field of Finance and Accounting, Direct and Indirect Taxation, Audit, etc.
 
Following are the work areas –
· Taxation 
a) Direct Taxes – Calculation of income tax, Advance Tax Working, Preparing Balance Sheet and Profit and Loss Account, All TDS returns (Form 16 & Form 16A), Preparation of reply for income tax scrutiny assessment. Make online Taxes payment (Tds, Advance Tax, Self Assessment Tax, Regular Tax Assessment taxes).

b) Indirect Taxes - Preparation and Filing of GST Returns, MVAT & Service Tax Returns.
c) Finance – Approach with various Banks for project & Personal loan proposals, Co-ordinate with various Dept for monthly report & collection, RERA Compliance, handling customers queries such as extra amenities, customers loan proposals, Dealing with Investors / Financial Institutions etc. 
d) Management Report – Preparation of Financial Reports, Monthly & Total cash Flow, Monthly Financial Position & Sales Reconciliation, Vendor Reconcilation Statement.     

M/S Address Builders Pvt Ltd 
(Builders, Promoters, Contractors)(March 2013 – August 2017)
Completed Four years Service with the above mentioned firm. Having experience in the field of Finance and Accounting, Direct and Indirect Taxation, Audit, etc.
 
Following are the work areas –
· Taxation 
a) Direct Taxes – Calculation of income tax, Advance Tax Working, Preparing Balance Sheet and Profit and Loss Account, All TDS returns (Form 16 & Form 16A), Preparation of reply for income tax scrutiny assessment. Make online Taxes payment (Tds, Advance Tax. Self Assessment Tax, Regular Tax Assessment taxes).

b) Indirect Taxes - Preparation and Filing of MVAT and Service Tax Return.
c) Finance – Approach with various Banks for project & Personal loan proposals, Co-ordinate with various Dept for monthly report & collection, handling customers queries such as extra amenities, customers loan proposals etc   

Riswadkar Associates 
(Builders, Promoters, Contractors) (August 2006 – Feb 2013)
Completed five years Service with the above mentioned firm. Having experience in the field of Accounting, Direct and Indirect Taxation, Audit, etc.
 
Following are the work areas –
· Taxation 

a) Direct Taxes – Calculation of income tax, Advance Tax Working, Preparing Balance Sheet and Profit and Loss Account, All TDS returns (Form 16 & Form 16A), Preparation of reply for income tax scrutiny assessment. Make online Taxes payment (Tds, Advance Tax. Self Assessment Tax, Regular Tax Assessment taxes).
b) Indirect Taxes - Preparation and Filing of MVAT and Service Tax Return.
· Monthly Reporting – Debtors & Creditors Reconciliation, Monthly Bank Reconciliation, Inter firm Reconciliation, Cash Management. Monthly Petty cash reporting. Fund flow statement. Etc. 

R.G. Dhanawade & Co. 
(Chartered Accountant)   (Jan 2005 – August 2006)
Completed One year Service in the above Chartered Accountancy firm. Having experience in the field of Accounting, Direct and Indirect Taxation, Audit etc. 

Following are the work areas –
· Taxation 
a) Direct Taxes – Calculation of income tax, Preparation and Filing of Income Tax Return, TDS returns of Private Limited Co., Partnership Firm, Individuals, HUF, Trust, and Preparation of reply for income tax scrutiny assessment.  
b) Indirect Taxes - Preparation and Filing of MVAT and Service Tax Return.
c) Accounts writing of Individuals and Firms.
IT Proficiency:

· SAP System (Accounts & Finance Modules)
· MS-Word, Excel, Power Point and other Windows based applications.
· Tally, Completed Ms office. (Passed 30 wpm Typing Exam with B Grade). 
Extra Curricular Activities:


Completed 3 years NCC in college days (A B C Certificate with B Grade).

Also draft Project Report on Workers Satisfaction in the post graduation days. 
PERSONAL DETAILS

Personal Details

	Permanent Address
	Flat No. 4 B Sona Vihar, Near Old Highway Toll Naka, Wadgaon BK, Pune – 411 041.

	Date of Birth
	20-04-1983

	Gender
	Male

	Mobile Number
	+91-9881029926

	Language Proficiency:
	Marathi, Hindi and English 

	Email ID:
	arun.khude@yahoo.com

	STRENGTHS:


	Hard working, Active, Sincere at work


About Me….
Since I have worked in the service industry, I have gained good experience in interacting with clients, attending queries and handling administrative and operational procedures independently. Having worked with the above mentioned company, I am capable of contributing effectively to achieve the goals as a team and as well as an individual. I am looking for a better opportunity to serve the industry where customer support and their satisfaction is of utmost importance. If given an opportunity I will definitely prove as an asset to the organization.

Yours truly,
Arun Babasaheb Khude

