












































Amarjit Kaur Lotay

Email:amarjit.lotay@gmail Contact Number: 09833600961






Professional SUMMARY
An innovative, multifaceted, and solutions-focused professional with a 12+ year career demonstrating visionary leadership and outstanding performance  in credit and collections management of  million dollar, multi-site, nationally, and internationally-based operations. Possessing excellent management skills and having a proven ability to lead by example, consistently hit targets, advance best practices and organize time efficiently.
Key Skills / Competencies

· Project Management

· Customer Relationship Management

· Portfolio management 
· Risk Management/Credit Management

· Result Orientation

· Team Management 
· Variances  management 
· Transition Management

· Analytical Insight
· CRM 
· Decision Making Skills

· SLA Management
· CSAT/NPS

· Collection and recovery

· MIS/Dashboards
· Recruitment/Staffing

EDUCATION SUMMARY

· M.com in Accounts & Taxation from Mumbai  University  in 2005

Professional Experience 

Thomson Reuters, Mumbai
 Credit Analyst –South Asia- Jan 2014 till date.
Role and Responsibility 

Managing distribution partners and collection agency/teams , reviewing their performance.
Managing Debt collection on a portfolio 352 active customer and meeting target collections.

 Reducing write off and bad debt provision year on year.

Strong track record of DSO reduction and age debt reduction.

Assisting in devising and implementing new system and processes to meet the objectives.
Liaise internally with sales and Account Managers to ensure accuracy of contracts, rates and escalate any problem accounts. 
Dealing with delinquent/defaulting/sticky accounts and ensuring recovery through negotiations or legal action.
Providing AR updates to Finance department

Working with continuous improvement team to apply robotics to operational processing.
Coaching mentoring the team members.



Key Achievements
Financial award for assisting in GST implementation project -2017
Awarded with Bronze awards for outstanding performance in Q4 2015, across South Asia region
Special awards for reducing the aging debt for Media account from 180+ days to 90 days which was critical LOB
Firstsource Solutions, Mumbai
 Process Leader
 Oct 2007 - till date Jan 2014

Role and Responsibility 

Manage day–to-day operations and meet required service level and standards

Develop the team to ensure delivery of a consistently superior customer experience.
Focusing on improving Resolution score, CSAT, NPS using tools like RCA

People Management, including all HR related issues, as well as staff development. 
Operational Management, managing the floor, ownership and problem resolution.
Coaching ,feedback, motivating, training and development of staff.
Hiring and Resource management

Ensuring compliance to internal policies.
Compile Training Need Analysis for the team and ensure appropriate training is delivered

Conduct surprise checks/audit and ensure Compliance 

Business Planning and Financial review – Receive target, monitor performance and update management on the state and progress
Handling CAD (Coaching and Development) for new associates
Strong analytical and functional skills

Knowledge on BFSI/Telecom processes and detailed understanding of process operations.
Strong operational and team management background .

Taking ownership and resolve client escalations challenges and address client issues 

Ability to prioritize and work within tight deadlines 

Taken up the ownership and responsibility for the deliverables and ensure client SLAs are met/exceeded.
Involvement in Continuous improvement initiatives and other process Transformations

Performance review – prepares metrics and lead client reviews.
Managed Team of SME’s, Team coaches in an acting role 
Firstsource  , Mumbai
 CSA
 Apr 2005 –Oct 2007
Role and Responsibility 

Handling inbound calls for credit card customer.
Up selling card safe, Payment protection insurance.

Generating leads for loans.

Ensuring delivering Best Quality and adherence to UK Laws and Regulations




Key Achievements

Resolution Project completed for emails process moved from baseline of 57% to 75% in 6 weeks :( Oct 2014 to Nov 2014)
TL of the year for April 2011 to Jan 2012

TL of the Year rated 1st for April 2010 to March 2011.

TL of the quarter for Jan – Mar 2011.

Won TL of the month for March 2011.

Won Extra Miller for Feb 2011.

Lowest Abseentism for past 2 years from Feb 2009 – March 2011 only 0.80%.

Won Extra Miller award for Launch of FISH CULTURE on Work Environment.

Winning team for the period of Qtr II ‘08 Team Leader Stack Ranking- 2008-09

Among Top 3 Teams for throughout year 08-09

No Attrition for 6straight months & only 2 for the period of 14 months & was recognized by

All the top management of the company.
Rank 1 among TL rating for the year 2009-10.

Won Best TL for 2consecutive quarters from July- Dec 09.

TL with lowest abseentism of 0.65% for 6 months.

Won Best TL for April – June 2010

Won TL of the month for Oct 2010.

Won TL of the month for Jan 2011.

Won TL of Quarter for No Attrition from Oct – Dec 2010




Trainings / Workshops Attended

Certified Super Coach for GROW Coaching Module.

FISH Philosophy launched to improve the work Culture on Floor

Trained on Empower Training for EFFECTIVE FEEDBACK & COACHING.

Trained on Train to Retain Employee Retention Program and submitted project

Trained on Fraud Management & Anti Money Laundering.

Trained Lean & Kaizen Module on Six Sigma & currently working on Kaizen Project      for Process Improvement

Personal Details
Date of birth: 06th October 1981. 

Languages Known: English, Hindi and Punjab.

Interests: Music and dancing.

