

















































HIMADRI GANGULI
Mobile:	~9007820336 	E-Mail: himadri2ganguly@gmail.com
 B.COM(H) | SAP FI CONSULTANT  




CAREER OBJECTIVE
  To work in a reputed organisation as a SAP FICO consultant so that my consultancy 
  expertise and my SAP FICO knowledge would be put into use in a such way that the 
  company would benefit from my services and i would be able to move towards my 
  career goals and objectives . 

SUMMERY 
1 years of domain experience as sap FI Consultant with in depth expertise in SAP Consultant in FINANCE. Proven ability to synthesize the customer requirement and procure solution as per the need of the business.  A keen planner with good understanding of finance strategies, client relationship management, etc. 

SAP & OTHER DOMAIN SKILLS

SAP – Finance:

· Configuration of Accounts payable, general ledger Accounting,
· Financial Accounting: Creation of G/L Masters, House Bank, Maintaining Field status variant and Chart of Accounts
· Creation and processing of Incoming and outgoing payments.
· Accounts Group, Number Range, Customer/Vendor Master Creation
· Configuration of Terms of payment for Customer/Vendor, Setting for Company code, Posting Period Variant, Assigned Document Number Range
· Dunning Set up 
· LSMW

SAP – Controlling: 

-     Maintain Controling Area.
-     Creation of Cost Center. 

	

 Other IT Skills
-     Tally E.R.P 9.
-     MS Office (word, excel, powerpoint)











CAREER OVERVIEW

Organization:	True Height Interface Info solution Pvt. Ltd. 		
Duration:	1 years plus (Sep-2017 - present)
Role:		SAP FI Consultant
Overview:	Working as the SAP Consultant for the vendor company’s software implementation. Has ensured new client acquision and participating in the initial discussion regarding manpower management, technical & functional specification, BBP & other road maps etc. Has also worked in the SAP Testing and trouble shooting of errors during the project.
		
Designation     : Associate Consultant.
Duration	: September, 2017  - Till date	
Areas of Work	: Support Project on Procurement to Pay & Order to cash cycle.
Product	: ECC 6.0.

Roles & 
Responsibilities:
 Configuring for G/L: Defining:
·                                            *   Chart of Accounts, account group and general Ledger accounts for each company code.
                                             *   Number rang intervals for GL Documents.
·                                            *   Retaining earnings accounts,
                                             *   Posting Period Variant.
                                             *   Tolerance Groups for Employees, customer / vendors and GL Tolerance Groups.
                                             *    Field status variant. 
Accounts Payable:
·                                            *    Creation of vendor account groups, vendor masters, number ranges and assignment      
                                                  number ranges.
·                                            *   Creation of  accounts for special GL Transactions.
·                                            *   Creation of payment terms postings. 
                        *    Configuration of cash Discount Allowed.
·                                            *   Creation of Automatic payment programme.
Account Receivables:
·                                             *   Creation of customer accounts groups, Customer masters, number ranges and payment 
                                                  Terms.
·                                             *   Creation of accounts for special GL transactions. 
                          *   Configuration of cash Discount Received.
 .                                            *   Creation of payment terms postings.
·                                            *   Clearing of down payments against customer invoices.




	 PROJECTS & MIGRATIONS
• SAP Project: 

Client		: Electrosteel Steels Limited.
Duration	: SEP 2017 - Till now	
Areas of Work	: Support Project on Procurement to Pay (P2P) & Order to cash (O2C) cycle.
Product	: ECC 6.0. 
Project Role	: FICO Functional Consultant.
	
Taken active role as Junior Consultant from the FI CO perspective and analyzed the requirement of the customer, prepared Business Blue print along with other functional / technical consultants. Configuration completed hand in hand with LIVE Testing to come to a business solution as guided by the Project Manager.  






Qualification Summary

	Degree
	Board/University
	Passing Year

	B.com (hons)
	Calcutta University
	2017

	XII
	WBCHSE
	2013

	X
	WBBSE
	2011




PERSONAL PROFILE
Father Name            : Tarak Ganguly.
Mother Name          : Sarbani Ganguly
Language Known     : English, Hindi, Bengali
Date of Birth            : 21st sep, 1995		
Address                   : C-37, garia ,brahamapur, Kolkata- 700096	
Hobbies                  : Playing cricket




I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct to the best of my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of these particulars.

Place:

Date:                                                                                                                                  (signature)			
