














































 

 

Jyotiranjan Parida 
Gotalbindha, 
Satyabhamapur, Khordha 
Bhubaneswar -752100 
Odisha 

 
jyotiranjansjcps@gmail.com 

 
 
 

9583470740/9163256136 
 
 
 
 
 

Career Objective: 
Seeking professional environment where I can utilize my skills and experience with constructive efforts to achieve 

personal and organizational goal with righteous attitude towards learning professional and analytical skills to grow 

professionally. 
 

Career Snapshot: 

Cognizant Technology Solutions 

Junior Data Analyst – Clinical data management. (Jul 2016 to till date) 

Therapeutic area: Immunology 

 

Achievements: 
 
 

 Successfully achieved soft lock of two mega trials 

 Spot Light Award for the month of Aug 2017 

 Unicorn Award for the month of Nov 2017 

 
Professional Experience: 

 

 

Cognizant Technology Solutions 
 
 

Clinical Data Management Role: (July 2016 -Current) 

 
 Responsible for discrepancy management and data reconciliation across EDC 

 Raise and track manual queries in the system and ensure timely closure with in TAT 

 Working on Multiple databases like Rave, LSH and Spot fire etc. 

 Utilize logic and reasoning to identify misfiring edit checks which are not working and troubleshooting them 
and solve data related issues 

 100% compliance to timely completion of the client and Cognizant required trainings 

 Ensure assigned studies achieve timely database lock 

 Execute Data Management activities viz. Data cleaning, validating manual & system checks and update 
relevant trackers 

 Ensure adherence to Cognizant and Client SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures) 

 Conduct Trainings for new Associates and act as Mentor for new joiners 

 Attending teleconference with the senior data manager and study manager for timely study status and 
updates 

mailto:jyotiranjansjcps@gmail.com


 

 

Education: 
 
 

Bachelor of Pharmacy: 
Graduated in July 2016 from SJCPS, Naharakanta, Biju Patnaik University of Technology, Rourkela, Odisha. 

 
12th Science: 
Completed in May 2012 from Anmol College of +2 Science and Commerce, CHSE, Bhubaneswar, Odisha. 

 

10th: 
Completed in June 2010 from Satyabhamapur High School, BSE, Bhubaneswar, Odisha. 

 

Technical Skills: 

 Medidata Rave 5.6.4 and Spot fire. 

 Good Knowledge of computer applications like MS Excel, Word and PowerPoint. 
 Conversant with all types of operating systems and Adobe Photoshop 

Strength: 

 Quick learner 

 Dedication 
 Excellent oral and verbal communication skill 

 Team player 

Personal Interests: 

 Reading 

 Cricket 

 Swimming 
 

 

Personal Details: 

 Name: Jyotiranjan Parida 

 Date of Birth: 7July 1995 

 Father’s name: Upendranath Parida 

 Passport No: P0457979 

 Present Address: BC-63, Samarpally,  Kestopur, Kolkata-700102 

 Permanent Address: Gotalbindha, PO- Satyabhamapur, Balianta, Khorda, Bhubaneswar-752100 

 Languages Known: English, Hindi and Odia 
 
 

Declaration: 
 
 

I do hereby declare that the details furnished above are true to best of my knowledge and belief. I undertake to 

inform you of any changes therein, immediately. 
 
 
 
 
 

Jyotiranjan Parida 


