














































Amit Rajaram Shirke 
                                  Flat No. 288, Kamdhenu co-op HSC, Plot no 155, Sec-05, Ghansoli, Navi Mumbai – 400 701. 

                                                                                                                                          +919594679957 
Amitshirke52@gmail.com 

Objectives 

Currently searching for job opportunity; A self-managed and result-oriented Finance executive. Gained a rich 

experience over the past 2.4 years of Accounting, reporting, customer service management, planning 

and database management. Seeking an opportunity to enhance my knowledge in the Finance arena. 

Experience 

ISS facility Service India Pvt Ltd 

February 2018 to present 

I am working as an Accounts Executive with ISS facility service India Pvt Ltd which is one of world leading 

facility service provider company. 

Core activities include 

 Accounting for purchase invoices received by the vendor and ensuring timely and accurate payments 

to vendors 

 Processing PO, Non PO invoices. 

 Processing Monthly Rent invoices. 

 Preparing Vendor Payment request and ensuring timely and accurate payment to the vendor. 

 Resolving Queries related vendor invoices and vendor payment. 

 Doing monthly salary payment to ISS Employee and ensuring correct payment to the employee. 

 Assisting in various audit related activities such as internal audits. 

 Good Knowledge of TDS and GST. 

 Preparing monthly report as per manager requirement. 

 

Osource India Pvt Ltd 

June 2016 to Jan 2018 

I was designated as the Accountant for this firm which was a leading outsourcing service provider company. 

Core activities included 

 Accounts payable 

 Support the Requisition to pay invoice processing team. 

 All accounting entries passed & check such as Purchase bills, Expenses bills, Vouchers and financial JV, 

Provisions entries. 

 Passing accounting entries in SAP (MIRO, FV60, F-43 and F-44 ). 

 Processing PO and Non PO Invoices by three way match. 

 Quick response to query mails.  

 Advising clients on financial aspects of the business as per their requirement 

 



 
,   
  

2 

 Employee Reimbursement   

 Travel Settlement claim processed 

 Business expense claim processed 

 Local expense claim processed 

 Maintain Tat As per process  

 Employee master data maintained 

 Resolved employee claim related queries regarding overdue payments 

 Maintain MIS for Daily working 

 

Education 

 

 B.Com graduate from the Board of Mumbai University Passed Out In the Year 2016 
 

 HSC from the Board of Mumbai University Passed Out In the Year 2013 
 

 SSC from the State Board Passed Out In the Year 2011 
 

Languages Known 

 English 

 Hindi 

 Marathi 

Date of Birth 

 03th, may, 1994 

 

 

Software Skills 

 Tally 9.0 

 SAP( FICO) 

 Expenzing 

 MS Navision 2017 ERP 

 

                                                                         

                                                                                                                                        (Amit R Shirke) 


