









































Microsoft Word - updated Resume 2018


 
Mr. Nitin Sakharam Bendre 
E-6 , Prasad Park, 
Hingne Khurd, 
Sinhagad Road, Pune – 411051 
Mobile No. 9623289838 
Email: niteenbendre@gmail.com  
   
 
 
Career Objective 
 

To gain a dynamic and challenging role in the area of Finance, Taxation and Accounts with 
an organization of repute, thereby providing value addition to the organization as well as 
for future development of my abilities, skills and knowledge with long term career growth 
possibilities.   

 
Work Experience 
 
1. S R PATIL AND ASSOCIATES, PUNE 
 

(i) Designation: Accounts Assistant (January 2009 to September 2012) 
 

 Accounting : 
Preparation and presentation of financial statements like Trading Account, Profit & Loss 
Account, Balance sheet and the accompanying schedules by finalizing accounts of 
various entities. 
 

 
 Taxation : 

i. Preparation of Income Tax Returns for various Corporate as well as non-
corporate entities. 

ii. Preparation of TDS working & Returns. 
iii. Tax Planning & Advance Tax working of Individual, Firms & corporate 

assesses. 
iv. Preparation of Service Tax workings & Returns. 

 
(ii) Designation: Article Assistant (September 2012 to September 2015) 

 
 Accounting : 

Preparation and presentation of financial statements like Trading Account, Profit & Loss 
Account, Balance sheet and the accompanying schedules by finalizing accounts of 
various corporate & non-corporate entities. 
 
 
 

 



 Auditing : 
i. Tax Audit of Companies, Firms and Individuals covered under the provisions of       

Section 44 AB of Income Tax Act engaged in Manufacturing, Trading and Service 
sectors. 

ii. VAT audit of entities under Maharashtra Value Added Tax. 
iii. Concurrent Audit of Banks. 
iv. Statutory Audit Private Ltd companies and Banks. 
v. Stock Audit of Private Ltd. Companies. 

 
 

 Taxation : 
i. Preparation of Income Tax Returns for various Corporate as well as non-

corporate entities. 
ii. Preparation of TDS working & Returns. 
iii. Tax Planning & Advance Tax working of Individual, Firms & corporate 

assesses. 
iv. Preparation of Service Tax workings & Returns. 
v. Assist in tax assessment matters. 

 
 
2. Working as a freelancer consultant in Income tax, service tax, MVAT, etc matters since          
Oct 2015 till May 2017. 

 

3. BTW VISA SERVICES INDIA PVT. LTD. (BTW GROUP), PUNE 

 Designation: Senior Accountant  
 
Responsibilities: 

 Weekly and monthly reporting to Finance director on profit, sales and other reports of 
individual company and group of companies. 

 Resolving any issues that arise from the day to day and monthly processes in an 
efficient and timely manner. 

 Verify, allocate, post and reconcile accounts payable and receivable. 
 Preparing monthly TDS, service tax, GST working. 
 Plan, assign and review staff’s work. 
 Prepare financial statements and produce budget according to schedule. 
 Assist with tax audits and tax returns. 
 Handling audit queries and notices of service tax department.  
 Develop and document business processes and accounting policies to maintain and 

strengthen internal controls. 
 
4. Working as a freelancer consultant in Income tax, GST, etc matters since Apr 2018 till 
date. 
 
 
 
 



 
Professional and Educational Qualifications 
 
SR. No. Examination Board / University Year Percentage 

1. CA FINAL  ICAI , New Delhi 2018 Result awaiting 
2. CA IPCC GR – II ICAI , New Delhi 2014 50 
3. CA IPCC GR – I ICAI , New Delhi 2013 57 
4. B. Com. Pune University 2012 58 
5. CA CPT ICAI , New Delhi 2010 54 
6. H.S.C. Maharashtra State Board 2007 48 
7. S.S.C. Maharashtra State Board 2005 68 

 

 

 

Computer Skills 
 

 Efficient in working with MS Office – Excel, Word, Power point, Outlook 
 Accounting Tool: Tally, Quickbooks, Zoho Invoice. 

 

 

Strengths 
 

 Maintaining Good relations with peers. 
 Quick learner, Team player. 
 Self-motivated with high level of energy 

 
 
Personal Details 
 
 Date of Birth  :  3rd Dec 1989 
 Nationality  :  Indian 
 Marital Status  :  Married 

 


