































Subham Pradhan - Technical Support Engineer - VisualCV


Subham Pradhan
Technical Support Engineer
Gandhinagar | 7008320026,9583774384 | idsuvam@gmail.com

 I am a hardworking individual who strives to achieve the best in all areas, and I am always eager to
learn new skills and advance my career and I am keen to build upon my knowledge and continue to
learn within this . As a self motivated individual, I am keen to follow my dream within this  industry
of becoming a subject matter expert.“

2009 - 2011

2008 - 2009

2011 - 2014

2015 - 2018

+2(CHSE)
U.N (Auto) College of Sci. & Tech.

10th
B.M High School

B.Sc(Physics)
U.N (Auto) College of Sci. & Tech.

Masters In Computer Application
College of IT & Mangaement education

2017 - presentL3 Technical Support Engineer
Stayinfront India Pvt. Ltd.
Provide technical support and customer service for Stayinfront clients. As a Technical support
engineer I am committed to diagnosing, reproducing, and fixing customer software and hardware
issues. Troubleshoot protocols running on Stayinfront hardware to assist customer with problem
isolation and resolution. If requested, escalate the customer's case to a further concerned
departments.

As a part of L3 support team we always conduct periodic server check and mainatain the scalability
and productivity of our product

Research client's issues in a timely manner and follow up with the customer with
recommendations and action plans.

Provided customer support for all client/server based products
Wrote technical documents related to current products that were published on company's
Support site.

Responsible for researching, replicating, performing root cause analysis and providing
feedback for product issues reported by the field professionals and customers within SLA time
frame.

Personal Summary  

Education  

Work experience  

Roles & Responsibilities  

 https://www.visualcv.com/6wilt2j3ht8

mailto:idsuvam@gmail.com
http://www.stayinfront.com


Work with Documentation and QA teams as necessary to resolve product and document issues.
Managed the technical support page by creating FAQ and KB articles. Uploaded links for
documentation and software downloads of new versions of Stayinfront.

JAVA
C,C#
MySQL
JSON,XML,JQUERY

At-Sanapaatsundarpur

Po-Patasundarpur

Via-Brahmansailo

Dist-Cuttack

Pin-754018

Odisha

I hereby declare that all the above provide informations are true in my knowledge

Date:                                                                                                                      

Place:                                                                                                                      Subham Pradhan

Area of Expertise  

Address for Correspondence  

Declaration  

 https://www.visualcv.com/6wilt2j3ht8


	Subham Pradhan
	Technical Support Engineer
	Personal Summary
	Education
	+2(CHSE)
	10th
	B.Sc(Physics)
	Masters In Computer Application

	Work experience
	L3 Technical Support Engineer

	Roles & Responsibilities
	Area of Expertise
	Address for Correspondence
	Declaration



