









































Microsoft Word - CV- Umra Bakhtiyar.doc


                                                                                                           

Curriculum Vitae 
 

Umra Bakhtiyar 
Phone No. – 09519052945 

07234032138                     
                                                                                                   E-mail:-mainumra@gmail.com    
    
Address - 
Kanpur (Uttar Pradesh) 
India 
                  
                    
Objective- To utilize my knowledge, personal skills to gain comprehensive understanding  and 
to continue career development in a post of greater potential and responsibility. Also, keen to 
undertake further challenges with zeal in developing finance related solutions and serve the 
organization for growth. 
Completed Certification Courses: 

 Financial Statement Analysis and Reporting from “I.I.T. Roorkee” 
 

 Qualification 
 

 M.B.A(Finance)-Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University, Lucknow (a central 
university) (2015-2017): C.G.P.A.- 7.17 

 B.B.A- Chhatrapati Shahu ji Maharaj University, Kanpur (2012-15): 63% 
 Senior Secondary (C.B.S.E. Board)- D.P.S. Kalyanpur- Kanpur (2012) : 76% 
 Higher Secondary (C.B.S.E. Board)-D.P.S. Kalyanpur- Kanpur (2010) : C.G.P.A – 8.6 

 

 
 Attended a Workshop on “Choice Based Credit System and Outcome-Based 

Teaching/Learning”. 
 Done Summer Internship at LOHIA CORP LTD for 6 weeks on the topic: 

Financial Statement analysis and Ratio analysis. 
 
                                                                                                                                        

 
 Participated in Seminar on “Various Business Model” organized by Institute for 

Corporate & Industrial Research, Lucknow. 
 Participated in International Conference on “Changing Paradigm of 

Management Practices for Sustainable Development” organized by the School 
for Management Studies, BBAU, Lucknow. 

 Participated in “Amity I Believe Debate Challenge Season 3” organized by 
Amity Business School,Lucknow 

 

Training and Internships 

Achievements  



                                                                                                           

 Participated and won many prizes in sports & extracurricular activities at school 
& college level. 

 
Experience  
 

 2018 Jan– until now 
 

 Working on the post of ‘Recruitment Officer’ in ‘Rafindia Medecho Private Limited’. 
 

 
Computer Knowledge 

 
 Proficient in working on MS office 
 Internet Savvy 
 Language: HTML 

       
Personal Detail 
 

 Date of Birth  :  05/09/1994 
 Mother’s Name         :  Mrs. Kausar Parveen Khan 
 Father’s Name :  Mr. Riyasat Ali Khan 
 Gender  :  Female 
 Marital Status :  Single 
 Spoken Languages :  English, Hindi & Urdu 
 Nationality  :  Indian     

 

 Always have a positive attitude & punctual. 
 To acclimatize myself in any environment. 
 Hard Working 
 Willingness to learn 
 Flexible and resourceful 
 Can maintain good interpersonal relationship 
 Can work effectively in team as well as individually  
 Strong leadership and motivational skills. 
 Ability to handle pressure. 

 
                                                                                     

 
 

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and 
I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above- mentioned particulars.            
       
 
 
Date: 01-08-2018                                                                                           Umra Bakhtiyar 

Strength 

Declaration 


