















































Akshay Laxman Choudhari   

Mobile no: +91-8369351978/7208145208 

Email id: choudhariakshay27@gmail.com 
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 

CAREER OBJECTIVE   
Telecom Experience of atmost 2 years in the field of Fiber Deployment and FTTX 

deployment. Seeking a challenging carrier with a progressive organization that provide an 

opportunity to capitalize my technical skill & abilities in the field of engineering and project 

management and ultimately contributing to the organization with the best of my knowledge 

and experience. 

 

Professional Summary: 

 

● Completed bachelor of engineering and technology in electronics and 
telecommunication and Working in telecom industry from last 2 years. 

● Currently Work as an Network Engineer-FTTx  in Network, Planning & Engineering 
Department on FTTX project in greater Mumbai location for RSMSL. 

● Conduct FSA Survey with Construction and Construction team and release Ready for 

Construction pack. 

● Conduct IBD survey of Building and released IBD plan for execution.   

● Conducting regular, effective & continuous Visit as per functional requirement of OSP, 
ISP, IBD. 

● Design FTTH network in Comsof tool with field survey input as per engineering 

guidelines. 

● Data validation of released Construction Pack in Arcgis and Ericsson GISNE. 

 
 

STRENGTH & SKILLS 

● Deep knowledge of 48/96 and 288 Ribbon fiber & 24/48 Single Fiber, 6 F Riser cable. 

● Handling Team and work to be done within given time line as per Company guideline 
given with quality work. Installation & Commissioning. Preventive & corrective 

maintenance to live fiber, route survey of cable area. 

● Making Plan for shifting aerial cable to underground & Fiber losses rectification / re-
splicing under planned outage.  

● The entire fiber based interconnection between the various equipment’s and at the FMS/ 
patch panel. 

● Knowledge of GIS, Ericsson tool GIS NE,Autocad based Comsof Tool, Excel, Power 
point 

 

 

 



EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 

Branch: Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering (EXTC) 

 

● Completed B.E. in E&TC Engineering from Viva Institute of Engineering, Mumbai 
(Mumbai University) in 2015 with 63.25% aggregate. 

 

● Completed H.S.C. (Science) Patkar College, Mumbai (Maharashtra State Board) 2010 
with 72.50%. 

 

● Completed S.S.C. from ST. Francis High school, Mumbai (Maharshtra State Board) in 
2008 with 82.92%. 

 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE: 

Previous Company Profile:   
▪ Employed at HATHWAY  CABLE AND DATACOM  PVT LTD as Technical 

Executive in RF Department.   

From: January2016 till July2016. 

   

Work Responsibilities :  

• Installation of Node and Amplifier of Coaxial Network. 

• Maintaion SINR ,less outage of Network  

• Customer Visit for Speed related Issue.  
 

Present Company Profile:  
▪ Employed at Reliance Jio Infocom Ltd as FTTx Network Planning Engineer(ISP & 

OSP) in Network Planning and Engineering Department.   

From: Dec 2016 till date.    

Work Responsibilities:   

1. Area modification(POP) as per Engineering Guildelines in GIS.  

2. Desktop design for FTTH area in comsof tool before Joint Site Survey.   

3. Joint Site survey for that locality to find feasibility for Feeder & distribution fiber 
route.   

4. With Joint   Survey input design that Locality in comsof.   

5. BOM,BOQ preparation, GIS data rectification for locality.   

6. Plannning for FTTE Network as per Enterprise connectivity guidelines.  

7. Auditing Construction work in RFS Building.  

8. ATP of Integrated OLT, Construction done building for HOTO process with operation 
and maintenance team. 



9. Coordination with Construction team for any deviation required for smooth 
Construction. 

10. Responsibility of overall network fron AG2 to ONT. 

 

 

   

INDUSTRIALTRAINING:    

• Professional Certification by “waves institute” under Networking and 
Telecommunications for 2015.   

• Trained Certification in CCNA from NETTECH.    

 

 

                                                                                   

Competencies:                                                                                                            

• Managing Relationships & Working Efficiently With Diverse Groups Of People.  

• Committed to Meeting Deadlines And Schedules.                                   

• Leadership Skills to Lead Projects & Handle Work Independently.  

• Quick Learner & Adapts Well to Changes And Pressure In Work.  
  

 PERSONAL DETAILS:  

• Date of Birth  : 27th January 1992 

• Language Known : English, Hindi, Marathi. 

• Address  : Pratap nagar, kurar village, Malad East(400097) 

• Hobbies  : Cooking, Reading political news, playing game, listening  
      Music. 

 

  

Declaration   

I hereby declare that the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge.   

  

  

  

Date:  

Place: Mumbai    Akshay Laxman Choudhari   


