















































CURRICULUM VITAE

SREENATHA REDDY A

Mobile no: +91 9632479895

                                                                                                                          E- Mail: Sreenath4a@gmail.com


PROFILE SUMMARY

A dynamic and seasoned finance professional (CA INTER) with experience in Financial Accounting & Taxation. 

Possess excellent interpersonal, communication and analytical skills with demonstrated abilities in managing teams of diverse skills. Experienced in working engagements with IT Architects / Leaders and Domain Experts in building complex solutions which meet Finance / Taxation domain requirements.


WORK EXPERIENCE

1. Infosys BPO Limited
              Period of Experience
       :

January 2013 to till date


              Designation

       :

Assistant Manager
Job Profile
· Currently leading the Record to Report process. Performing month end closing activities, reconciliation of GL Accounts, Intercompany accounting.
· Cost Allocation, reclassification of cost to the Projects, Analysis of month on month Variance. Handling ad-hoc requests on a timely manner handle escalations and RTR reporting including metrics/SLA reporting, Respond to customers and to deliver error free process.
· Posting of Journal entries for adjustments, Clearing open items of GL & Fixed Asset Accounting & Tax Accounting.
· Accounting of month end accruals and reconciliation of accrual accounts. Accounting of Debit and credit notes.
· Responsible for managing the daily/weekly/monthly activities for the team and meeting the defined SLAs.

· Knowledge transfer to Junior’s and new joinees. Preparing and updating SOP’s as and when required. Conducting monthly One on One’s for the team members.
· Interacting with Accounts Payable and Receivables team for closing the month end activities.

Awards & Recognition

1). Ramp Awards
2). I Star Awards
3). Individual Performer Awards
2. Stellar Outsourcing India Private Limited

             Period of Experience
       :

January 2012 to Sep 2012


             Client (Deputation)
       :

Delphi Automotive Systems Pvt Ltd

             Designation

       :

Senior Accounts Executive



Job Profile

· Invoice Verification with Purchase Order and Process for payment, Day to Day general voice & Inter Company Debit and Credit Notes Accounting. Resolve invoice discrepancies and vendor issues. Process credit memos, Local & Import Payment Processing, Accounts receivables receipt entry, and accounting of earned forex Gain/Loss. Logistics & other Customs bills Processing. Axis Bank Money Card Payment processing

· Manual General Ledger Clearing, Vendor & Customer GL Clearing and TDS Deduction on Payments & Preparing Reconciliation statement for Quarterly E-TDS Filing. Coordinating with treasury for payment on timely basis.
· GL Reconciliations and upload to CARS tool for Reconciliations review. Intercompany Reconciliation and Bank Reconciliations and Supporting Internal & Statutory Audits.

· Month End Activities  
· Providing provisions on month end for expenses, Asset Capitalization

· Coordinating with HR for Sodexho Food Coupons  Provisions, Coordinating with Facility for Transportation Provision 
· Bank Reconciliation at the time of Month End and Close all the action items before the period close. Analysis of month on month Variance and explain the reason for Variance
· Ensure that all the month end activities are closed within time by coordinating with team members. And all the allied party Invoices, Debit Notes Accounted or not to avoid allied account Imbalances.
3. Ramachandra & Co 
            Period of Experience:

            January 2008 to November2011
            Designation:


            Accounts Executive 

Job Profile:

· Handled 12 clients’ books of accounts, from bookkeeping to Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements.

· Verification of Compliance with legal requirements, TDS Deduction in respect of payments and ensuring payment of Advance Tax and filing E-TDS returns.

· Handled accounts payable, receivables and General Ledger Processing, Assisted auditors during Internal and Statutory Audits.
· Posting of journal entries for receipts and payments, purchase & sales Invoices using tally & SAP.


EDUCATIONAL QUALIFIACTIONS


	CA Inter 
	ICAI

	B.Com   (Computer Applications)
	S.V. University (A.P)



	Intermediate
	B.R.G.J. College (C.E.C)



	SSLC
	Z.P. High School






SOFTWARE EXPOSURE

Accounting Packages 


:  Tally, SAP & ORACLE 
MS Office



:  MS Excel, Word, and Power Point



AREAS OF INTEREST

· Eager to learn and grow in Finance and Accounting. Setting a high standard of continuous staff motivation and leadership to ensure a good working environment.


PERSONAL TRAITS


· Confident, Creative and Committed, Comprehensive problem solving abilities, adaptability and inquisitiveness.

· Strong but realistic belief in own capabilities and ideas, exhibiting a “can do” attitude & seeing problems as “solvable”.



PERSONAL DETAILS


Name




:
SREENATHA REDDY .A


Date of Birth



:
10-05-1983

Sex




:
Male


Marital Status


              :
Married

Languages Known


:
English, Kannada and Telugu.

Hobbies
:
Reading Books, Listening music, Outer 



Sports, Live Cricket.

Declaration:
   I here by declare that the above stated information is true and correct to the best of my

   Knowledge and information.
Place: Bangalore

Date:

                                                                                                                 (SREENATHA REDDY)












