
















































                                                                                                                                             Manjiri V Joshi
                                                                                                                                             Flat no 102,
                                                                                                                                             HDFC HOUSE
                                                                                                                                             Dr. R.A Shirodkar Marg
                                                                                                                                             Parel , Mumbai.-400012
                                                                                                                                             Ph-9890006860
                                                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                            
CURRICULAM VITAE

Post Applied For :     Pre-Primary Teacher
Career Objective:    To strive for Excellence
Professional Profile: 
Mother’s Pet Kindergarten:  Worked from June’15 to July’17
          
Designation:                Class Teacher  

Responsibilities:          Managing  the class.
                                     Assisting the subject teachers in teaching the subject. 
                                     In absence of subject teacher, teaching the subjects –Math, English and 
                                     Hindi.
                                     Taking the revision of the subjects taught daily.
                                     Conducting Morning Routine and  Circle Time.
                                     Taking practice during Annual Gathering / Sports Day / Elocution / Projects.  

Awards:                       Received appreciation from the Principal and Vice Principal many 
                                     times for the modes of teaching and the healthy and friendly connect with the 
                                     children.        
                     
HDFC Life:          Worked from March 2003 till Sep’14.
Designation:               Deputy Manager Operations.

Job :                             Managing the Back office operations.

Responsibilities:       Leading the customer service -operation team from Nagpur, Wardha, Bhilai ,Chandrapur,
                                   Pune and Ahmednagar towards success .
                                   Team management and task / target completion.
                                   To mentor the team and impart training .
                                   Monitor the team performance and appraise from time to time.
                                   Create conducive working environment for the team .
                                   Customer service to ensure utmost customer satisfaction.

Awards :                   Customer service excellence award.
                                   Claims settlement champion. 
                                    Best cluster of the Central Zone and the region. 
                                    Performer of the region and Zone.

Airtel  :                    Worked from April 2000 to September 2000

Designation:               Call Centre Executive

Job :                             Handling the STD-PCO cell for the MP  & Chhattisgarh.  
Responsibilities         Handling calls and update the customers on the new schemes.
                                     Resolving customer Queries to ensure customer satisfaction.

Awards :                      Won the title of the best call centre executive of the month.

BPL 
Engineering Ltd:  Worked from August 1998 to January 2000.

Designation :                  Customer service executive

Job :                                 Handling customers directly over the counter. 
Responsibilities             Assigning the servicing concerns to the engineers for resolution.
                                         Resolve customer queries and provide solutions.
                                         Ensure customer satisfaction.

Strengths 

· A team player
· Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
· Self motivated with high energy level.
· Analytical and conceptual on creative and strategic thinking.
· Patient and soft spoken.
· Confident with an optimistic approach towards work and life.

Sports

· Represented MP and Haryana state in school games at State and National Level  in Gymnastics.
· Won Gold , Silver and Bronze medals in Gymnastics at State and National levels.
· Won the scholarship for free education and sports from Sports Authority of India.



Academic Qualification
	Course
	Year of Passing
	Board / University
	Percentage
	Division

	High School Certificate Exam
	Mar-93
	M.P. Board, Bhopal
	75.84%
	Ist

	Higher Secondary School Certificate Exam
	Mar-95
	M.P. Board, Bhopal
	74.88%
	Ist

	Diploma in Electronics and Telecommunications
	May-June-98
	M.P. Board of Technical Education, Bhopal
	69.25%
	Ist

	Bachlor of Arts
	Mar-Apr-98
	Barkatullah Vishwavidyalaya, Bhopal
	73.16%
	Ist





Personal Profile 
Name : Manjiri Vikas Joshi
DOB :    06-02-1977
Marital Status : Married.


Sign :
Date: 




                                         

