

















































CURRICULUM VITAE
													
	Gokul Kumar Mishra
Building No.C5, Flat-10
Alaka Abasan 
New Town 
Kolkata – 700156 
Mobile No: +91-8335867111 
Email : gokul.kol73@gmail.com

Passport Status: Available.
VISA: USA B1 visa valid up to 16th August 2025.
	



			           
Career Objective



To be a part of an organization that encourages knowledge sharing and also acquire a position that offers me the opportunity to bring my analytical expertise, problem solving attitude and willingness to learn to create value for the employer in the best possible way so as to make an organization successful.

								Professional Qualification


	


Chartered Accountancy

 (P.E- II)
· Group-I		           Nov  2007 	   
· Group- II		           June 2009	   			
           
Company Secretary

(Executive Programme)
· Module-I			 Dec 2010
· Module-II			 Dec 2010

International Financial Reporting

· Certificate in IFRS by ACCA (UK)

Academic Qualification


	  	          

B. Com (Hons.)	2003	71.13 %	Tilka Manjhi University, Bhagalpur
			Marwari College, Bhagalpur, Bihar 
           
Intermediate (I.Com)	1999	65.11 %	Bihar Intermediate Education Council
			D.V.C Inter College, Maithan, Dhanbad,
                                                                        Jharkhand

Matriculation	1997	62.30 %	Bihar School Examination Board
			D.V.C High School, Maithan, Dhanbad,
                                                                        Jharkhand



     Working Experience

 

1) Currently working in Genpact India Pvt. Ltd. From 20th Dec 2013 till date.
Current Position: RTR Front Line Manager (MT)-(1st August 2016 onwards)
Client:  Current: Mitsubishi Heavy Industries America (MHI, USA)
              Previous: United Paper Mile (UPM, Tampere Finland)

Responsibilities: 
As Front Line Manager: Currently handling team of 12 members. As a team leader my responsibilities include:
· Monthly 1-O-1 with team members (discussion and resolution of issues, giving feedback on performance, carrier planning , giving feedback on development areas)
· Taking grooming session to prepare team members for their next level
· Calculating monthly variable incentive for team members based on their performance
· Taking weekly calls with clients for their feedback on performance of team and development area, if any
· Taking monthly calls with client (regional process owner) for their feedback on performance, resolving the issue related to process, if any
· Preparation of weekly and monthly deck highlighting focus area, key highlights, help required etc.
· Attending by-weekly meeting for discussion on EWS (Early Warning System)

As Individual Contributor: Visited four times in different states (New York, Texas and Maryland) of USA on OJT and business meetings for a USA based manufacturing company and During OJT in USA transitioned activities of General Ledger Accounting, Cost Accounting, Reconciliations and Reporting.

Closing and Reporting – Preparation and posting of Accrual journal entries, Analysis of expenses, Performing Internal Controls. Maintained accounting in SAP related to General Ledger, Cost accounting, Fixed Asset accounting, Bank and other Sub-Ledger Reconciliation for European Manufacturing Company. Handled six company codes at a time in SAP and rewarded twice for outstanding contribution (Dptt. Record to Report). Also given training to new joiners on Basics of Accounting, IFRS and SAP.

Achievements:
· Got the best annual rating (Top 20) for FY 2017-18
· Completed first year as an FLM with ZERO attrition
· Rewarded as one of the “Retention Champions” on entire Genpact level for all FLM
· Rewarded as best performer in the team as an individual contributor.
· Only person in entire process who received consecutive Spot, Bronze and Silver awards in last one year for First Time Right (FTR) and Excellent performance.
· Awarded for best SOP preparation for newly transitioned activities. 

2) Worked in Diksha Timber Pvt Ltd from 19th Oct 2012 to 15th Dec 2013.
Position: Accounts Manager.
Responsibilities: Preparation of Financial Statements including Balance Sheet, Cash Flow Statements and Financial Analysis. Responsible for financial activities of company for example analysis of CMA data, preparation of Bank Reconciliation Statement. Handled various ROC related work and general administration.

3) Completed 3 years (From Oct 2009 to Oct 2012)article-ship training in M/s Budhia & co. (Chartered Accountant)
     Position: Article Assistant. 
Responsibilities: Preparation of Cash Flow Statement, Audit Reports, Reviewing Accounts with Accounting Standards,   Schedule VI of Companies Act and related issues. Statutory Audit and Internal Audit of various Banking Companies, Internal Audit of various Private Companies. Final Account Preparation of individual and company. Cross training to new collogues. 

Computer Skills & Other Training


· Proficient in ERP based Accounting Environment (SAP)-(Exp: 4.25 Years)
· Blackline Reconciliation and Task Management module.
· SAGE – Fixed Assets Module
· JD Edwards
· Hyperion
· Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
· Accustom with Accounting Packages. (Tally ERP-9)

     Other Extra Curricular Activities

Awarded by Ex-Labour Minister of West Bengal & Police Commissioner of Kolkata in respect of winning the tournament of:
· Volleyball (Winner), Cricket, Badminton & Carom.
Participate & organize successfully various social activities viz. Annual functions, Annual sports events etc. 
Actively participated in the annual event (All-go-rhythm) of Genpact.
Participated in Blood Donation Camp organized in Genpact.
Language Known


Proficient in English, Hindi & Bengali
Hobbies & Interest


Playing cricket, badminton and carom, reading newspaper, visiting historical places and helping others.
Personal Information



Father’s Name	:	Sri Binod Kumar Mishra
Date of Birth			:   25th February, 1983
Permanent Address	:	At +P.O-Arar, Via- Eckchari, Dist – Bhagalpur (Bihar) PIN- 813206.	
Marital Status	:	Married
Gender	:	Male
Nationality	:	Indian



Place: Kolkata
Date: 						  		 (Gokul Kumar Mishra)
