















































: R E S U M E : -

: R E S U M E : -

G. RAGHUNATHAN

Flat No. 4, Chandra Darshan Hsg. Society,
Behind Tagore Nagar,
D.G.P. Road, 

Nasik – 422 006.

Ph. No. : 0253-2422919 / 09403688016
E-Mail –  raghu_raja123@rediffmail.com
PERSONAL DETAILS :

Fathers Name

:
K. Gopalakrishnan


Date of Birth

:
3rd  Nov’ 77


Marital Status

:
Married



Languages Known
:
Bengali, Hindi(both read & write) & 

English (spoke not frequently) 

Hobbies                       :
Listen Music, traveling all over India & social work in extra time.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION :

1. Bachelor of Commerce through Calcutta University in 1997 from Budge Budge College, Budge Budge, West Bengal.

2. H.SC from Budge Budge College, Budge Budge, West Bengal.

3. Matriculation from Birlapur Vidyalaya, Birlapur, West Bengal.

PROFESSIONAL TRAINING :

One year Diploma in Computer course from LAKHOTIA COMPUTER CENTRE, Nungi Branch, Nungi, West Bengal.

MS–Word, Excel, Good knowledge in accounting package Tally ERP 9 and Wings accounting software latest version with Inventory.

WORK EXPERIENCE : 

1. As a Senior Accountant with M/s. KRAFT CONVERTERS (I) PVT. LTD. since May’2011.

2. As a Senior Accountant with M/s. JOHN DISTILLERIES PVT. LTD. ( Manufacturer of Foreign liquor, Rectified Spirit and Extra Nutral Alcohol) in Chitali, Near Shrirampur, Dist. Ahmednagar, Maharashtra since Feb’10 to Apr’2011.
3. As a Senior Accountant with M/s. KRAFT CONVERTER (I) PVT. LTD. and sister concern companies are M/s. Impress Box Makers Pvt. Ltd., M/s. A.V. Enterprises and M/s. Weldtech India (Manufacturer of Corrugated Boxes and BOPP tapes for Garments Exporters) Admn. Office : “Shivalaya”, Govind Nagar, Near Sanklecha Hospital, Nasik, Maharashtra since June’03 to Jan’10.
4.
As an Accounts Assistant with M/s. ASTRA PACKAGING PVT. LTD., and sister concern companies are M/s. Dolphin Impressions Pvt. Ltd. and M/s. Indus Packaging (Manufacturer of Printed Corrugated Cartons & Printed Labels for Liquor Industries) Nasik, Maharashtra from 1st  Apr’ 98 to May’03 (5 years). 

REFERENCES :
1. Mr. Sandeep Pathak, CA, Nasik  - 9422270596

2. Mr. Sanjay Kharote, Tax Consultant, Nasik – 9890022678

Cont…2..

- 2 -

JOB PROFILE :


Sales 

· Liaisons with customers for timely payments thru E-Mail and Phone calls.
· Preparation of Physical stock verification (Finished goods and Packing material) statement.
· Controls of all Account Receivables.

Purchases

· Monitoring Bill passing & Debit Notes issue.
· Controls of all Account Payables.
Statutory jobs.

· Sales tax (Vat) calculation, monthly/quarterly and Annual returns.
· Sales Tax Assessments preparation.

· To collect the various types of sales tax concessional forms (C-Form, Form-F, Form- H, Form-I) in times.

· C-Form Management, Online uploads.

· To take the maximum sales tax set-off under various sales tax rules.

· Knowledge of liaisoning with Govt. Authorities.

· ESIC, PF & Professional tax monthly payment and returns.

· Service Tax calculation, payment & periodical returns.

· Advance Tax & TDS payment in time & quarterly returns of E-TDS. Issue of TDS certificates.
· Preparation of Fringe Benefit Tax and periodical returns, which is withdrawn in financial budget 2009-10.
Excise related.

· Preparation of Sale bill.

· Keep records of Modvat bill. Service Tax bills.
· Properly maintain of RG register.

· Maintain of CT-3 and ARE-3 matter for export unit.
· Handling monthly / quarterly return, online uploads.
· Knowledge of liaisoning with Excise Authorities during Excise Audit.

Debtors / Creditors ledger maintaining. 

· Sales bill checking and courier to party in time.
· Outstanding statement preparation.

· Debit/Credit Note preparation & entry.

· Purchase bill checking & entry.

· Cheque & DD received entry.
· Debtors and Creditors ledger reconciliation.
Bank book maintain

· Cheque preparation.

· Reconciliation with bank on day to day basis.
· Knowledge of online banking.
MIS monthly preparation and Co-ordinate with Chartered Accountants on Audit, handling department audits, Handling statutory audits & scrutiny and finalization up to Profit and Loss A/c. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION :

Basically, I am looking for more responsibilities where I can emphasize my ability. The main reason for seeking alternative job is for wider diversification and working experience as well as better attributes. It would be better if I would allow serving your purpose under proper guidance. I also ready to be flexible over working hours.
CURRENT CTC :


Rs.25,000/- p.m.

Place :  Nashik

Date  :  

G. Raghunathan

Additional Sheet
	1
	Treasury 
	 

	 
	Management
	a) Proper Fund Management. 

	 
	 
	b) Collection data has to be updated & Excise Duty, VAT & COG has to be bifurcated & used for the same purpose

	 
	 
	c) Reconciliation of bank accounts on daily basis & its report along with supports to be file

	 
	 
	d) Ensure the sufficient cash balance. 

	 
	 
	 

	2
	Taxation 
	a)Proper deduction of TDS & TCS - Provision for service tax on GTA 

	 
	Compliances
	b)Supervision in VAT payments for all divisions 

	 
	 
	c)Control on Service Tax related issues & Central Excise related matters

	 
	 
	d)Timely remittance of all statutory payments including PF,PT

	 
	 
	e)Filing of returns including VAT, TDS, TCS, Central Excise & Service Tax

	 
	 
	f) Obtaining C forms, TDS & TCS certificate in time & sending the same to related parties

	 
	 
	g) Collecting the C form from Inter-State Customers

	 
	 
	h) collect the TDS certificates 

	 
	 
	i)Should have a 100% compliances in the audit reports 

	 
	 
	j) Periodical compliance report to be prepared

	 
	 
	 

	3
	Financial 
	a) Periodical scrutiny of books. 

	 
	Accounting
	b) Support for closing the books by last day of the month 

	 
	 
	c) No critical points to arise in Audit

	 
	 
	d) Prepare the work sheets & schedules for audit in advance

	 
	 
	e) To follow on monthly basis for Internal audit pending points which needs to be implemented

	 
	 
	f) Obtaining balance confirmation from all debtors, creditors by every quarter end & its reconciliation

	 
	 
	 

	4
	MIS
	a) Complete control on preparation of MIS.

	 
	 
	b) Timely completion of MIS 

	 
	 
	 

	5
	Inventory Control
	a) Conduct monthly physical stock verification for Raw & Packing Materials 

	 
	 
	b) Visit the store & conduct a physical stock verification report for stores items randomly & record the same in the stock

	 
	 
	verification register in the stores


