














































Sayali Sanjay Gawande. 
Software Engineer - Maven Systems Pvt Ltd. 
LinkedIn - https://www.linkedin.com/in/sayali-gawande-346b1b118 
Email ID   - sayali.gawande27@gmail.com 
Contact    - (+91)9403726284. 
 
Career Summary: 

 Having 1.5 years of experience in embedded firmware development and Internet of Things (IoT) 
and Automotive. 

 Basic Understanding of CAN protocol. 
 Hands on experience in device drivers programming such as SPI, I2C, I2S and UART. 
 Expertise in wireless communication protocol like BLE, LORA & 6LowPAN 
 Good knowledge of Embedded C. 

 
Technical Skill Set: 

 

Programing Languages  Embedded C. 

Technology BLE, LoRa, 6LowPan. 

Compiler GCC, MPLAB C30, MPLAB X32, TI arm 

Protocols CAN,SPI, I2C, I2S, UART 

Microcontrollers TI CC26xx, PIC24/PIC32, STM32L0xx, ESP32-WROOM. 

Tools MPLAB, Eclipse, IAR Embedded Workbench, SVN, Doxygen, 

CCS 

 

 Projects Undertaken: 

 
1. IoT based Passenger Safety System- 

Description- 
Design and developed a battery-operated device, used for tracking a vehicle position and 
identifying the panic situation occurred during travelling. If panic occurred alerts are generated 
and send to the server. Audio call will be established from call center to validate the panic 
situation if panic alert is generated. In normal scenario audio recorded data and images 
captured are send to server else data send through Hope RF to the nearby devices. GPRS / 3G – 
UC20 modem (Quectel) used to communicate with AWS server. MQTT protocol along with TLS 
1.2 is used for communication with AWS server. 
Responsibility- 

 Interfacing of audio codec (TLV320 AIC3254) and RTC with PIC32MZ through I2C. 

 Interfacing I2S for audio recorded data. 

 Interfacing of accelerometer through SPI. 

 Configuration of ADC for vehicle battery voltage. 
 

mailto:sayali.gawande27@gmail.com


 
2. Usage Monitor Based on Weight Measurement and Motion detection-  

Description- 
To find consumption of daily products such as shampoo, face wash etc.  device which can detect 
motion and measure the exact consumption of product need to be developed. For this a load 
cell of 200gm and 1kg is interfaced with TI cc2640 chip. When product placed on load cell it 
provides ADC values from which weight calculation is done. If change in weight is observed, 
weight value with timestamp is send to mobile application. Used I-beacon packet format for 
sending data over BLE. When motion detected, motion value is sent to the mobile application. 
Responsibility- 

 Deciding algorithm for motion detection and its implementation. 

 Implementation of custom BLE GATT accelerometer service profile, time sync profile. 

 Implementation of custom BLE GATT services profile for communication and sending 
history data to android and iOS application. 

 Power management to achieve 30 days battery life using 1100 mAh rechargeable 
battery. 

3. Remote monitoring of water usage using LoRa Technology. 
Description- 
To keep track of usage of water, a system need to be designed which can be monitored 
remotely. With help LoRa the water meter pulse count can be measured and LoRa node sends 
data to the server. Battery life in years can be achieved using LoRa technology. 
Responsibility- 

 Evaluation of LoRaWAN protocol and integrating it with firmware application. 

 Driver for UART, GPIO and flash. 

 Power management to achieve 10 years battery life. 
 
 Technology Evaluation for internal projects: 

 Evaluation of 6LowPAN technology. 
 Understanding of 6LowPAN architecture, IPv6 addressing and mesh networking. 

 
Achievement: 

 Won First Prize for “LoRaWAN Based Waste Management System” in Write-A-Thon Contest 
organized by MosChip semiconductor. 

Extra Curriculum: 

 Attended online Webinar on “Anatomy of an Embedded Linux System”. 

 Attended 3 days’ workshop on Android based application development. 

 Member of ELESA (Electronics & Telecommunication Students Association). 

Educational Qualification: 

Course University Aggregate Passing Year 

BE(E&TC) Smt. Kashibai Navle College of Engg. 68.26% 2016 

HSE Fergusson College 80% 2012 



SSC HHCP High School, Huzurpaga 93.64% 2010 

 
Hobbies: 

 Dancing. 
 Reading Books 

 
Personal Details: 

 Name- Sayali Sanjay Gawande. 
 Date of birth - 27

th
 April 1995. 

 Languages Known- English, Hindi, Marathi. 
 

Passport Details:  
Passport No. – P1214193 (valid till 1

st
 August 2026)  


