










































Page 1/2 
 

Vinay Kumar R 
vinayvinkumar@gmail.com; 9036172033 

677 4th Cross Mahalakshmi Layout, Bangalore-560086 
linkedin.com/in/vinkumarr; github.com/vinayvinkumar 

 
SUMMARY 
 

Data Science enthusiast with 6 years of industry experience and special interests in Machine Learning techniques, Big Data 
Analytics, Data Visualization, Statistical Modeling and Predictive Analysis. Skilled in statistical analysis of A/B testing new 
features. Passionate about achieving a challenging position that allows contribution of my analytical skills to an organization’s 
success and personal growth. 

 
EDUCATION 
 

Master of Science in Data Science, Indiana University Bloomington, USA                                                                               MAY 2017 
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science, Visvesvaraya Technological University, India                                               JUNE 2010 

 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 

 

• Programming: Python {scikit-learn, pandas, numPy, matplotlib, sciPy, iPython notebook}, R {ggplot2, dplyr, data 
table}. 

• Machine Learning: Regression, Decision Trees, Logistic Regression, Gaussian Naïve Bayes, Neural Networks, k-NN, 
Clustering, Ensemble Learning, Boosting (AdaBoost, Gradient Boost, XGBoost), Support Vector Machines, Cross 
Validation, Principal Component Analysis, Natural Language Processing. 

• Big Data: Spark, Hadoop MapReduce, Hive, AWS. 

• Database: SQL, SQLite, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, SAP Hana. 

• Statistical Methods: Hypothesis testing and Confidence Intervals, Regression models, Probability. 

• Miscellaneous: Git, A/B testing, Microsoft Excel, Selenium 

 
DATA SCIENCE PROJECTS 

 

• Predictive Analytics 
o 'Credit Modeling': Built a Machine Learning model to accurately predict the probability of borrower paying 

off loan on time. Performed Data cleaning, Data preparation, handled missing values, converted categorical 
columns into numbers before modeling the data using Logistic Regression and Random Forest classifier. 
Used K-Fold cross validation technique to overcome the problem of over-fitting. 

o ‘Sentiment Analysis’: Built a Classification model using Gaussian Naïve Bayes, Decision Trees to ‘predict 
whether a customer review is negative or positive, based on the text alone’. The algorithms were 
implemented from scratch without using any per-built library functions. 

o Participated in Kaggle ‘Titanic: Machine Learning from Disaster’ learning competition to predict ‘which 
passengers survived the sinking of Titanic’ and ranked within top 21% of the competitors. 

o ‘Uber challenge’: Predicting ‘Which driver sign-ups are most likely to start driving’. Performed Data 
Cleaning, Data Visualization, Feature Engineering, and Dimensionality Reduction before implementing 
Machine Learning model Random Forest Classifier and Gradient Boosted Trees. 

o ‘Iris Species Classification’: Built a predictive model using Neural Networks to classify the species of Iris 
flowers (Virginia or Versicolor) using features like sepal length, sepal width, petal length and petal width. 
Back-propagation algorithm was used to update the parameters for a three layered Neural Network. 
Benchmarking was done using roc_auc_score to check the performance of the Neural Network. 

• Data Science Programming 
o Natural Language Processing: NLP using 'Bag of Words' technique to transform the written text into a 

numerical representation, and to use that representation to make predictions. The project made use of 
"Hacker News" article headlines to predict a number of up votes the articles received. Since up votes are an 
indicator of popularity, exploration was done to discover which types of articles tend to be the most 
popular.  

mailto:vinranga@indiana.edu
https://www.linkedin.com/in/vinkumarr
https://github.com/vinayvinkumar


Page 2/2 
 

o Coded Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Naïve Bayes, Decision Trees, Neural Networks, Expectation 
Maximization and many other Machine Learning algorithms in Python and R. 

o ‘Bike rentals prediction’: Project demonstrating predictions of bike rentals using Linear Regression, Decision 
trees, and Random Forest. High Skewness on the distribution of the counts of bike rented affected all three 
Machine Learning models due to which the MSE turned out to be very high. 

• Data Analysis 
o ‘Pixar’s movie review’: Analysis of how Pixar movies are rated by rotten tomatoes, Metacritic score, and 

IMDB rating. Conclusion – Rotten Tomatoes gives Pixar movies higher rating than any other critics. 
o ‘Star Wars Survey’: Analysis of ‘Star Wars’ Survey data which was collected by ‘FiveThirtyEight’ when a new 

Star Wars movie was about to release. Conclusion – Star Wars Episode 5 had received best rankings and 
hence was people’s favorite. 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 

SAP, Bangalore, India                            
Senior Software Engineer                                                                                                                                            May 2014 – July 2016 

                                                    

• Led Enterprise Mobility Management project related activities of the whole team in terms of Trend analytics, Device 
usage analytics and designing custom reports resulting in making better decision making on the product road map.  

• Interacted with customers by gathering requirements, designing, epics and story point’s creation serving a smooth 
project life-cycle. 

• Led ‘Sentiment Analysis’ project using SAP HANA in order to predict the customer churn by making use of historical data.  
 

 SAP, Bangalore, India                           

 Software Engineer                                                                                                                                                            Oct 2010 – May 2014  

 

• Contributed in developing more than 200 highly reliable automated scripts for SAP banking analytics scenarios 
helping the team in quick product delivery and customer satisfaction (Won Spot Award for quick delivery). 

• Cultivated frequent interactions with stake holders in understanding new requirements and preparation of weekly 
status reports. 

• Performed analytics on banking transactions to help the team’s product delivery by properly identifying prioritization 
of automation backlogs (Won Spot Award for taking right initiatives). 

 

CERTIFICATIONS 
 

• Data Analyst specialization track – Dataquest.io. (License: YII1KWGILWO1YGPQM39D) 

• Data Scientist specialization track – Dataquest.io. (License: T890TAPHDLUGM37TDVRG) 
• Scrum Master Certified (License: 540785). 
• Certified in SAP 

o Text Analytics: HANA Platform. 
o Introduction to Software Development on SAP HANA. 

 

AWARDS/RECOGNITIONS 
 

• Spot award for quick delivery of automation framework and scripts that helped customers run their end-to-end 
scenarios, SAP Labs India Pvt. Ltd. 

• Spot award for performing a deep analysis study on various Banking scenarios that helped to prioritize the automation 
backlogs, SAP Labs India Pvt. Ltd. 

• “Run Faster” award for automating the maximum number of scripts during a certain year, SAP Labs India Pvt. Ltd. 
• “Run Stronger” award for time-to-time delivery of the bug free product to the customers, SAP Labs India Pvt. Ltd. 
•  Active participant of an intra-SAP hackathon competition “What the Hack”, SAP Labs India Pvt. Ltd. 

 

LEADERSHIP/INVOLVEMENT 
 

• Collaborated to present a paper titled ‘Image and Video retrieval’ at a national level paper presentation KSIR 2009. 

• Captain of the college table tennis team and won three doubles titles back to back in intra-college tournament, Atria 
Institute of Technology. 


