














































   Gomathi Nayagam K 

Sr. Associate Programmer 
        gomathinayagamks@gmail.com 

          +91-8867186861 

Synopsis 
 

9+ years of total working experience with 8 years of IT relevant experience in Flash and HTML5 development. 

Good experience in OOPs concepts. Have hands on experience in design, development, and quality process.  

Education 

 Madurai Kamaraj University, Madurai – Master Degree in Computer Science and Information Technology. 

 
 Manonmaniam Sundaranar University, Tirunelveli – Bachelor Degree in Computer Science. 

Technical Skills 

Scripting  Languages  : ActionScript 3.0, JavaScript 

Multimedia Applications : Adobe Flash Professional CS6 & CS5 

Web Technologies  : HTML5, CSS3, XML 

Libraries and Frameworks : jQuery, Angular JS 

Design Pattern   : MVC 

Designing tools   : Adobe Photoshop CS 

Project Management  : CVS, SVN, SCORM 

Professional Experience 

 

Sr. Associate Programmer        Sep' 14 – Present 

 

Purpleframe Technologies, Bangalore 

 

 Project #1 : GE Water  

 Technology : HTML, CSS, Javascript, Jquery, Bootstrap, Angular JS 

 

Project #2 : SHARP  

 Technology : ActionScript 3.0, XML, Flash CS5 

 

Project #3  : QUEST ALLIANCE 

 Technology : Flash CS5, ActionScript 3.0, XML 

mailto:gomathinayagamks@gmail.com


Project #4  : General Electricals (GE) 

 Technology : Flash CS5, ActionScript 3.0, XML 

 

Project #5  : Fidelity 

 Technology : Flash CS6, ActionScript 3.0, XML 

 

Project #6  : Arby’s Management Path 

 Technology : Flash CS6, ActionScript 3.0, XML 

 

Responsibilities: 

 Developing course using Flash ActionScript 3.0, XML, HTML5, Javascript and Angular JS 

 Coded the Assessment part and the Interactivity for the Fidelity, Arby’s and QUEST ALLIANCE 

 Creating a XML based Template to add n number of products and their details dynamically for the 

SHARP Project.  

 Training material for GE employees to get familiarize with GE locomotive operations. Designed and 

coded interactivity in all modules for the users. 

 

 

Description: 

 GE Water is a flash based E-Learning project with supporting PC and laptops. But as requested by the 

client, we have implemented the same in responsive design for supporting mobiles and tablets.   

In SHARP, we developed a application for printers. It contains n number of printers and its description 

with details. It increases the reliability of the users to select their appropiate accessories easily. 

Quest is a E-Learning based project to teach English and Grammar for the student in an Interactive way 

with assessments. 

GE project is an E-Learning project to teach their employees about the locomotive operations. In this 

project, we have developed many modules containing graphical 3D animations with interactions, which are 

controlled by XML. 

Arby’s is one of the restaurant and they required this project for their employees knowing about their 

process like how to handle the customer, how to maintain the shop clean, how to doing beverages and how to 

maintain the stock and whom we have to submit all of the details in the restaurant like managers. This project 

not only in the standalone version we created Scorm package also. 

Fidelity is done for banking employees. In many ways we are showing the schemes and rules and 

policies for their own employees. Once they review this learning section we have suggested the test also. Once 

they pass the exam we gave the certificate for their employees. 

 

 

Multimedia Programmer        June' 13 – Aug’ 14 

 

Aptara, Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala 

 

 Project #1 : Hive  

 Technology : HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery Library 

 

Project #2  : The E-Learning for Kids Foundation 

Link  : http://www.e-learningforkids.org 

 Technology : Flash CS5, ActionScript 3.0, XML 

http://www.e-learningforkids.org/


Responsibilities: 

 Understanding of technical and design perspective. 

 Developing course using Flash ActionScript 3.0, XML, HTML5 and JavaScript 

 Participating project team meeting 

 Provide weekly status and updates to the responding Team/Project Manager 

 Ensure on-time delivery 

 Involving unit testing and continuous enhancement of the project like issue fixes.  

 

 

Description: 

  

The E-learning for Kids Foundation is developing e-learning courses for kids. It is one of the free 

resource projects available on internet. The purpose of this project is to give the education for all kind of kids 

without getting any charges. We develop this project using the technologies of flash ActionScript 3.0 and XML. 

After completion of development the courses will be uploaded by FTP (File transfer protocol) server. 

 

 

Flash Programmer         Mar' 11 – June’ 13 

 

Agnite Education Ltd (Formerly “Teledata Informatics Ltd”), Chennai 

 

 Project  : Virtual Lab in Physics and Statistics 

 Client  : Universities, Colleges and Schools in US and Singapore  

 Technology : Adobe Flash CS5, ActionScript 3.0, XML 

Responsibilities: 

 Designing Virtual Lab layouts and media for the concepts generated by the Subject Matter Expert (SME) 

 Scripting and flash development for the Virtual Labs 

 Generation of lab through XML 

 Testing and presentation of applications to the final acceptance of Virtual labs 

 Debugging and troubleshooting of applications 

 Reporting the Project Manager regarding Virtual Labs with updates of production status of the 

applications 

 Coordinating with the Subject Matter Experts and Project Manager on presentation  of  applications 

 Taking great part in team experiments in generating new and innovative ideas in  

 scripting 

 

Description: 

  

These Virtual labs are utilized in various Universities, Colleges and Schools to  simulate students' 

interest towards the complicated subjects through simple work outs.     The Virtual Labs produced by me are 

highly interactive with validation and is designed to   guide  the user through the experiment without the aid of a 

lab coordinator. These Virtual Labs    are designed in such a way to asses the students' or the users' 

performances. 

 

 

 

 

 



Flash Programmer         Sep' 09 – Feb' 11 

L-Jus software, Chennai 

 Client  : Dove Multimedia Pvt. Ltd., 

 Tools  : Flash MX-2004, Adobe Photoshop. 

Responsibilities: 

 Responsible for the development of various applications utilizing Flash, Photoshop.  

 Responsible for coding games and offline applications in flash. 

 Applications involve various games like vocabulary builder, school atlas for students  

 and puzzle games etc by utilizing of the Action Script 2.0.  

 Responsible for the reports and presentations of the applications  

 Fixing of bugs and troubleshooting of the applications.  

 Responsible for testing our application 

 Responsible for other duties as assigned 

Description: 

 This Multimedia application released in the name of “Pebbles” as educational Cds   and DVDs. We 
developed games to increase the concentration power on several generes such like  Math Puzzle & Brain Teaser, 
English grammar with effective animations. 

 Especially World Atlas is an educational CD developed in Flash Software. It aimed at    providing 
extensive information of World Geography, Continents, Political maps, Oceans,  Countries, Capitals, and their 
agricultural, industrial and mineral wealth etc., in an interactive way. 

Desktop Admin (Client)         Sep' 08 – Sep' 09 

Data Alcott systems, Chennai. 

Responsibilities: 

• System maintenance, Verify that peripherals are working properly.  

• Scheduling Appointments and meeting with clients.  

• Preparing and Sending Correspondence.  

• Writing and Preparing Reports, Documents, and Spreadsheets. 

Description: 

Data Alcott offers consultancy, IT applications, Management and administrative policies, industrial 
solutions, Customer Relationship Systems, Project Management and many other time-tested services of high 
standards. DA team comprises of icons of creativity, competitive skills and truly professional people who are 
born to lead and made to matter in diverse and challenging tasks. 

 

 



Technical Support Executive         June' 07 – Dec' 07 

HTMT Global Solutions, Chennai. 

 Responsibilities: 

• Worked on shift basis for Airtel Technical Voice Process.  

• Handling customer calls and I - rated calls.  

• Resolving Customer issues and queries on a day to day basis.  

• Expert in connecting Internet using mobile as a modem with Computers and Laptops.  

• Prepared data analysis for the team members. 

Personal Information 

Mother’s Name  : Subbulakshmi K 

PAN No  : AZJPG8495M 

Passport No  : K6716348 

Date of Birth  : Feb 14, 1985 

Nationality  : Indian 

Languages Known : Tamil, English 

Alternate mail id : gomathinayagamk@hotmail.com  

Present Address : 4/1, Mathrubimba apartment,  

4
th
 cross street, Behind ayyappa temple, 

Madiwala, Bangalore -560068. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Date : 

 

Place  : Bangalore         Gomathi Nayagam K 


