









































Microsoft Word - Aseem_Girkar.doc


ASEEM GIRKAR 
Email: aseemgirkar@hotmail.com 

Contact No.: +91-8286940417 
Website: http://aseemgirkar.com 

 

1 
 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 

 2.4+ years of IT experience as a Software Engineer in requirement analysis, design, implementation, testing, production support and 
enhancement of existing system using Oracle JD Edwards EnterpriseOne. 

 Experience in JD Edwards EnterpriseOne tools and its integration with various technologies such as SSIS and functional modules 
including Sales and Distribution, Service and Finance. 

 Excellent experience in E1 tools which includes Report Design Aid, Form Design Aid, Table Design Aid, Business View Design, 
Business Functions using C and NER, Data Structures, UDCs and Data Dictionary Items. 

 Strong experience in interactive solutions using Embedded BI Publisher and One View Reporting (OVR).  
 Developed Table Conversion UBEs to convert data from different formats to Tables. 
 Experience in debugging of Reports, Applications, Business Function including both C and NER. 
 Experience in use of Web Applications and Interoperability. 
 Involved in designing of Technical as well as Functional Documentation. 
 Over 4+ years of experience in blogging with the core niche specific to Technologies. 
 Experience in Web Development, Search Engine Optimization (SEO) and Social Media Optimization (SMO). 
 Knowledge of Big Data, Cloud Computing and its Security. 
 Excellent analytical, writing and communication skills. 

TECHNICAL SKILL SETS 

 ERP Tools: Oracle JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 9.1 and 9.2. 
 ERP Components: OMW, RDA, FDA, TDA, BDA, BSFN using C and NER, DSTR, UDCs, TCs, DD Items, OVR, Embedded BI 

Publisher, Café 1, E1 Pages. 
 Languages: Java, C, Hadoop. 
 Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript. 
 Databases: Oracle 9i/10g, MySQL. 
 Modules: Sales and Distribution, Service and Finance. 
 CMS Platforms: Wordpress. 
 Operating Systems: Windows based OS, Linux based OS. 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

 L&T Infotech, Navi Mumbai, India                    June 2015 – Present 

JOB PROFILE: 
 Working as a JD Edwards Technical Consultant. 
 Involved in performing analysis of client requirements, planning and estimating, reviewing the developments and maintaining 

defect preventions. 
 Involved in Technical and Functional Specification design documentation. 
 Understanding and implementing/customizing JDE Objects as per client requirements. 

      PROJECT EXPERIENCE: 
1. Project Name: Managed Services Development and Support                                   June 2016 – Present  

Client Name: UTC Climate, Control and Security (CCS) 
Role: Team Member 
Team Size: 5 
Platform: Oracle JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 9.1 and 9.2 
Contributions: 
- Involved in business requirement analysis and managing development activities of 10 different companies. 
- Reviewing, Planning and Estimating cost and time for development activities. 
- Enhancement of standard JDE objects and implementation of new objects using Reports, Applications, NER, BSFN using C, 

Data Structures, Business View, Tables, UDCs, Embedded BI Publisher. 
- Implemented a “Segregation of Duties” UBE that provides list of conflict applications based on User and Roles in order to 

eliminate the use of QlikView Reporting tool. 
- Implemented a “Monthly Batch Tracker” to automate the month end process of un-posted batches. 
- Implemented an interface using UBEs to automate month end process of one of the support instance. 
- Enhanced R09600 UBE to process “MT940” files obtained from bank by customizing C BSFN. 
- Implemented a Power Form Application “Work with Protocols” by enhancing standard applications P1207 and P12071. 
- Developed and enhanced the SEPA XML Credit Transfer - COMM - 04 UBE – R744002 for both Foreign and Domestic 

Payments for one of the client’s bank. 
- Developed customized Purge UBE that purges orphan records in standard tables. 
- Developed interactive reporting solution using BI Templates for Invoice Print, Pick Slip, Delivery Note and more. 
- Involved in Formscape to BI Publisher migration POC and developing OVR reports. 
- Implemented Automated Solution for CR tracking and PD Build. 
- Involved in Technical and Functional Specification design documentation. 
 



ASEEM GIRKAR 
Email: aseemgirkar@hotmail.com 

Contact No.: +91-8286940417 
Website: http://aseemgirkar.com 

 

2 
 

2. Project Name: Carrier UK Rentals Implementation                                                  Feb 2016 – May 2016 
Client Name: UTC Climate, Control and Security (CCS) 
Role: Team Member 
Team Size: 3 
Platform: Oracle JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 9.1  
Contributions: 
- Involved in implementation of inbound and outbound interfaces to push and pull data to/from a third-party ERP, InspHire with 

the help of SSIS. 
- Implementation of Inbound Interfaces includes Address Book – Supplier/Customer which works on the basis of 

Interoperability, Account Receivable and Outbound Interface includes General Ledger. 
- Developed a new UBE to convert media text from file to objects into media object table using NER. 
- Developed Table Conversion UBEs to upload data into custom tables. 
- Developed various interactive applications that use Radio Buttons to filter and process the records on different behaviour. 
- Involved in customization of “Invoice Print” and “Pick Slip” reports as per client requirements for interactive deliverable 

outputs in Formscape 
- Involved in Technical designing and documentation. 
 

3. Project Name: Global Template Design, Build                                                           Dec 2015 – Feb 2016 
Client Name: UTC OTIS Elevators 
Role: Team Member 
Team Size: 15 
Platform: Oracle JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 9.1  
Contributions: 
-  Involved in implementation of new and customization of existing JDE objects such as Reports and Applications. 
- Debugging the reports and applications to detect the erroneous code. 
- Involved in Technical designing and documentation. 
- Developed a new “Crated Unit Analysis” report that gives a detail visibility of Crate Status based on F4801, F3112, F3105 

and F4111. 
- Developed a new “PM Upon Completion” report that provides information on Billing upon Completion, Contracts, Checklists 

and Timesheet based on Work Order and its related table. 
- Enhanced “Contract Revisions” P1721 application as per client requirement. 
- Developed and enhanced “Route List” report for obtaining service information.   
 

4. Project Name: SFR Upgrade 9.1                                                                              Sept 2015 – Nov 2015 
Client Name: Statoil Fuel & Retail 
Role: Team Member 
Team Size: 10 
Platform: Oracle JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 9.0 and 9.1 
Contributions: 
-  Involved in retrofitting of objects including Copy of Standard and Pure Custom Objects. 
- Adding SAR or Bug Fix from Standard Objects to Copy of Standard Objects from one Environment to another. 
- Worked on vocabulary overrides to customize the interactive and batch applications. 
- Involved in Technical designing and documentation. 

 

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 Working as a blogger on self-hosted technology blog, GIZCRUNCH. Website: http://gizcrunch.com                      July 2013 – Present 

GIZCRUNCH is a self-hosted technology blog designed by me on Wordpress Platform to provide viewers with information/news on 
technology in real world along with coding related tips. 
 

 

     OTHER PROJECTS 
 Trend Analysis Based on Access Pattern from Web logs Using Hadoop. 
 Event Management System in VB.Net and MS SQL. 

 

ACHIEVEMENTS 
 Presented Café 1 and E1 Pages Demo to some of the clients of L&T Infotech. 
 Contributed on L&T Infotech’s official blog in a self-researched post on Cloud Security titled as “Is the Rise of Cloud Adoption a 

Security Concern?” Link is as follows: https://www.lntinfotech.com/rise-cloud-adoption-security-concern/ 
 Trained for “Business Analyst – Beginner Level”. 
 Researched and Published paper on IJCA, titled as “Trend Analysis based on Access Pattern over Web Logs using Hadoop”. 

 
 



ASEEM GIRKAR 
Email: aseemgirkar@hotmail.com 

Contact No.: +91-8286940417 
Website: http://aseemgirkar.com 

 

3 
 

EDUCATION 
 Advanced Diploma in Business Administration                                      Oct 2016 –Sept 2017 

Welingkar Institute of Management, Mumbai 
 

 Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology                                  Aug 2012 – June 2015 
Shah and Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College, Mumbai 
 

 Diploma in Information Technology.                                                July 2009 – June 2012 
M. H. Saboo Siddik Polytechnic, Mumbai 


