










































 

 

CURRICULUM VITAE 
 
        RAVINDRA VISHNU PADATE 
 

  Address :  2/505, Panchganga Bldg., 
   N.M. Joshi  Marg Lower Parel, 

   Mumbai.400013  
Mobile No :- 9930379062                                                             Email Id:- padateravindra1992@gmail.com 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 
 
To pursue growth of my career in competitive and challenging work environment, which will enable me to 
learn, grow and substantially built on my knowledge acquired during the course of my study.  At the same time 
give me an opportunity in the growth of organization where I work. 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 

➢ Date of Birth  : March 18, 1992. 
➢ Languages Known : English, Marathi, Hindi 
➢ Marital status  : Unmarried 
➢ Nationality  : Indian 

 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 

 
➢ Bachelor's of commerce from   Mahatma Phule Education Society in the year 2013. 
➢ H.S.C. Passed from Maharashtra Board in the year 2010. 
➢ S.S.C. Passed from Maharashtra Board in the year 2008. 

 
COMPUTER PROFICIENCY 
 

➢ Accounting Package : Oracle, Tally, Xero, Sage, Quickbooks. 

 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 
Currently working with Corient Business solutions Pvt Ltd a business process outsourcing organization (UK 
Accounts). 
 
Designation : Senior Account Executive                     From: Nov2013 till the date* 
 
 Key Deliverables: 
 

✓ Liaison between customers and management 
✓ Periodic balance sheet reporting; Accounts Receivable/Payable positions 
✓ Work with management to monitor and develop key financial and operating 

indicators for the client business 
✓ Ensure Nominal Ledger Scrutiny, Bank reconciliation, Debtors Open Invoices and 

Creditors Open Invoices are conducted on a monthly basis 
✓ Data is processed by team in to various systems on a timely basis 
✓ Online payments (Bacs and Chaps from Barclays, Natwest and HSBC Online 

Banking) 
✓ Ensure VAT and Other Returns are filed 10 days in advance of the due date 
✓ Completion of various reporting tools & MIS reports 
✓ Prompt resolution of Client queries. 
✓ Manage customer relationship 
✓ Train the existing and new team members 
✓ Suggest and implement process improvements 



 

 

*(From Nov 2013 to Sept 2014 associated with Integeron Managed Solutions India Pvt. Ltd.) 
Associated with Konark Herbal & Health Care, Mumbai. 
 
Designation : Accounts Executive     From: May 2013 to Oct 2013. 
 
 Key Deliverables: 

✓ Monthly Interest calculation on Loan of all Subsidiary companies.   
✓ Maintaining subsidiary companies in Tally ERP 9. 
✓ Making supplier payments & interbank Fund transfer through RTGS / NEFT. 
✓ Accounting of Sales, Purchase, Bank Receipt and Payments, Inter Branch Entries 

and Maintaining timely  Books of Accounts. 
✓ Monthly salary processing 
✓ Bank and Control accounts reconciliation. 
✓ Solving queries of statutory auditors with proper justifications. 
✓ Assisting in Finalization of accounts. 

 
Associated with Jai Hind Hotels, Mumbai. 
 

Designation : Accounts Executive     From : July 2010 to January 2013 . 

• Key Deliverables :-  
✓ Monthly salary processing. 
✓ Bank reconciliation. 
✓ Handling Petty cash for Misc Expenses. 
✓ Accounting of Sales, Purchase, Inter Branch transactions. 
✓ Vat computation. 

 
 
 

  

Date : 
 
Place : Mumbai       (RAVINDRA VISHNU PADATE) 


