





























1530280235877_analyst_krishnara1

RESUME


Krishna Rahithya Kalamula Email:k.rahithya1@gmail.com Phone: +91-9989582649



Objective :

To associate with an organization, where I can contribute the most towards organization objectives thereby learn and develop my personality and professional skills

Summary:

· Experience in Managing Individual and Team Performance Expectations and Goals, Monitoring Real Time Service Levels and Schedule Adherence, and Holding the Team Accountable for Meeting and Exceeding Performance Targets.
· Extensive experience in providing accuracy and productivity as demanded by the Client.
· Strong analytical skills, combined with effective communication, organizational skills and planning ability.
· Proficient in additional responsibilities include Training, Planning, Assigning and Directing Work.
· Added value to the process by giving a Tool to the team.
· Excellent Verbal, Interpersonal and Written communication skills.


Technical Skill Sets:

	Areas
	Details

	Skills
	Advanced Excel,SQL	

	Database
	Oracle 8i

	Operating System
	Windows XP,Windows 7,Windows 8,Unix



Professional Experience Summary:

	Duration
	Organization
	Designation

	Dec 2015- Present
	eTouch Systems
	Analyst




Work Experience:

Client	: 	Google India
Project Name	:	 Ads Data Gathering
Duration	: 	 Dec 2015 – Till Date
Role	: 	Analyst

Description: Google Ads Data Gathering – The project Ads Data Gathering including various business client’s websites and their information. Extraction of data from the client’s website and publish on Google search page to attract customers.






Responsibilities:

· Continuous process of meeting with the client to report where the project is standing as per the SOW
· Reviewing the context created by the content writers, and take the actions on contents that are violating policies.
· Including the Copyrights/Pirated documents and judge or decide on content by referring to the guidelines.
· These contents are validated over the tool, and report if any mismatch and correct them before rolling out to the website.


Appreciation: Received an excellent feedback for proactive approach to support and Performance award for the month of October 2016 and August 2018.


Education :

· B.Tech in Information Technology from “Sri Sai Jyothi Engineering College” affiliated to Jawaharlal Nehru technological university, Hyderabad(2010-2014).

· H.S.C. from “Sri Chaitanya Junior College”, Board of intermediate. Hyderabad (2008-2010).

· S.S.C from “St. Joseph’s High School”, Patancheru (2008).


Personal Skills

· Good Interpersonal and Intercommunication skills
· Willingness to utilize abilities developed through my experience and education with intent to grow professionally.
· Good analytical skill with problem solving capabilities, sense of responsibility, creative and soft spoken.



Personal Details

Name	:	Krishna Rahithya Kalamula

Date of Birth	:	13 January 1993

Marital status	:	Unmarried

Sex	:	Female

Nationality	:	Indian

Mail Id	:	k.rahithya1@gmail.com

Address	:	H-no : 7-12/1,Near Ram Mandir,Patancheru.

Languages Known	:	English, Telugu and Hindi.

I hereby declare that the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge.

Thanks,
Krishnarahithya Kalamula


			




