













































Sneha Sarawagi

SNEHA SARAWGI
Girish Park, Kolkata, West Bengal     

Mobile: +91 9378392009

Email: confident.sneha@gmail.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE

Seeking an opportunity in the insurance domain to enhance my skills, knowledge and experience in the insurance renewal and maintenance sector
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

· B. Com (Accountancy Hons.) with 1st Class in 2002-2005 from JK College, Burdawan University, 
Purulia, West Bengal
· 12th with aggregate 61.00% from Rajasthan Vidyapith (W.B.C.H.S.E) in 2002

· 10th with aggregate 66.25% from Kasturba Hindi Balika Vidyalaya (W.B.B.S.E) in 2000
W.B.B.S.E. stands for “West Bengal Board of Secondary Education”
W.B.C.H.S.E. stands for “West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education”
WORK EXPERIENCE:
· From Jan’2011 to Till Date 

 “Risk Officer - General Insurance Renewals” at Ideal Insurance Brokers Private Limited

As an employee of Ideal Insurance Broking, my prime responsibility is liasoning between consumers and insurance carriers, gathering information from clients, assessing their insurance needs and risk profile. 
Typical work activities

Building / Maintaining ongoing relationship with clients. This includes:

a) Furnishing clients with the proper forms and documents necessary to apply for new insurance policies and, when necessary, make changes or adjustments to the existing coverage. 
b) Foreseeing clients’ insurance needs, such as policy renewals. 
c) Advising clients whether and when they need to make a claim on their policies.
d) Collecting insurance premiums and processing accounts.
e) Administrative tasks such as dealing with paperwork, correspondence, keeping detailed records, policy maintenance by receiving copies of all correspondence regarding policies purchased / redeemed / surrendered by clients.
Renewing / Amending existing policies. This includes:
a) Obtaining “Renewal” notice from the insurance carriers and following up with the client.
b) Negotiating with Insurance Companies and passing-on the benefit to the client.
c) Quotation Preparation – Computation of Own Damage (OD) Premium AND Third Party Premium based on the Insured’s Declared Value (IDV) of the vehicle. Definition of the insurance related terms are provided below.
Motor insurance policies are generally of two types, comprehensive and third-party. While a third-party policy covers only damage to other people or property, a comprehensive policy covers the risks to both parties as well as the motor parts of your vehicle. Third-party cover is the compulsory for vehicle owners as it compensate victims of road accidents.

Insured’s Declared Value (IDV)

Insured’s Declared Value (IDV)is calculated on the basis of the manufacturer’s listed selling price of the vehicle (plus the listed price of any accessories) after deducting the depreciation for every year as per the schedule provided by the Indian Motor Tariff.

Own Damage (OD) Premium

Own Damage (OD) premium is the amount of premium that is paid to the insurance company to cover above the mandatory third-party cover. If OD premium is not paid, one is not entitled to claim compensation in the case of damage to vehicle due to flood, fire, earthquake, etc.

No Claim Bonus (NCB)
No Claim Bonus (NCB) is offered on insurance policy renewals in the case there is no claim made during the policy period. Insurance companies reward policyholders by giving them a discount on the Own Damage (OD) premium up to a maximum of 50% in the case of no claim during the policy. NCB is offered to a policy holder only if the policy is renewed within 90 days of the expiry date of the policy

Personal Accident Cover

It is insurance coverage for the unnamed person (not the driver) sitting in the car. Under this cover the maximum amount of coverage is Rs 2 lakh for each passenger. It is useful in the case one wants to cover anyone traveling in vehicle at any point in time.

· From Feb’ 2010 to Jan’ 2011
 “Accounts Executive” at Manish Madan Agarwal & Co

Key responsibilities:-
1. Handling day to day account posting using Tally software package.
2. Preparing Ledgers, computing Trial Balance and drawing Balance Sheet.
3. Preparing Bank Reconciliation Statement by comparing the Cash Book and the Bank Pass Book.

SOFTWARE SKILLS 

Tools

Microsoft Word, Power-point and Excel

Application
Tally
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES

· Won 1st prize in School Drama 

· Organized various cultural programs in a college 

· Won prizes in QUIZ competition

PERSONAL DETAILS

Father's Name: 

Mr. Rajkumar Sarawgi
Date of Birth: 


10-Jul-1984   

Sex: 



Female

Nationality: 


Indian

Languages: 


English, Hindi, Bengali

Hobbies: 


Internet Browsing, Reading, Chess
Sneha Sarawgi
