












































Oracle Consulting EMEA CV Template

Eknath Tangade
	 Organization

	  IBM India, Pune

(on payroll Softenger India Pvt Ltd) , Pune, India.


Contact Info               Email: eknath.tangade@gmail.com
                                 Mob no. 8983185560
	Summary
	· 2+ years of experience in the field of application support and data warehouse in Idea cellular Project.
· Primary skill set includes interacting with client on regular basis and capturing data requirements and delivered to them via SQL Queries and BMC remedy tool. 
· Worked on production support environment and able to do root cause analysis (RCA).

· Good knowledge of Error log Analysis.
· Hands on tools like Putty, Linux environment, SQL by using AQT tool, and ticketing tool BMC remedy.
· Hands on Unix, Linux Commands like nohup, grep, top, awk, ps –ef, vi editor etc.
· Files and directory permission.

	Domain/Project Name 
	Telecom/Idea Cellular (Database)

	Programing languages

	           SQL, Unix, Shell scripting 



Tools and Utilities                       Putty, AQT, Toad, BMC Remedy, WinSCP,  
	Databases
	               DB2, Oracle

	
	


Project Experience:
	
	Project/Role
	Achievements

	Jun’ 01 to till date
	Associate
	· Working on Idea cellular project in Advance analytics team.
· Daily Executing Models which is designed through SAS logic and using SQL and Unix commands in order to increase Telecom Revenue and keep eye on overall Usage and Churn of users.
· Monitoring and maintaining error logs.
· Good knowledge of Doing root cause analysis (RCA) and solving them with effectively manner.
· Good knowledge of SQL, UNIX, shell scripting and Basics of SAS.
· Good knowledge of SQL, like joins , creating tables , insert update delete , data movement from one server to another server etc.
· Hands on Unix, Linux Commands like nohup, grep, top, awk, ps –ef, vi editor etc.

	March’01  to May 26’ 16
	Associate
	· Maintaining US mortgage and UCC Databases and changing data as per client requirement.
· Responsible for taking follow up of UCC (Uniform Commercial Code) orders.  UCC is a A standard set of business laws that regulate financial contracts.
· Worked on putty tool and AQT to retrieve data. 

· Good knowledge of SQL and UNIX.
· Validate and submit UCC data Via application KoFax Capture 10.2 & VeriFile for to take Follow up.
· Analysis and sending Daily reports to Clients.




Qualification / Personnel Details
	
	
	

	
	Education
	BE from KDK college of Engineering, Nagpur with 63.3% Degree

Percentage.

HSC from SJC, Buldana with 75%.
SSC from Sharad Pawar Highschool with 78%.
Certification: Done certification in .NET technology 

                       from profound Edutech Pvt Ltd, Pune.

	
	Hobbies            Browsing on Internet,

                       swimming and social work

Languages        English /Hindi/ Marathi

Marital status    Single


	

	
	Personnel:

Name:                   Eknath Tangade       

Father Name:         Gajanan Tangade     

Mother Name:        Anusaya Tangade     

Date of Birth: 
      08/04/1991   

Address:                Flat no 3, Hari- om Building Pimpri, Pune

E-mail address:      eknath.tangade@gmail.com   

Phone number:       8983185560    


	

	
	Declaration:

I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge.
Eknath Tangade

Date:    /    /   2018                                                                        
Place: Pune
                                                    
	


Postadress
Telefon
post

Org.nummer

