













































RESUME


                   

 
 

          SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR  

(Windows & Linux)      

                                                                                 

DEEPAN RAJ S                                                                             

Mobile: + 91 – 9600576752                                                                                           

E-mail: deepanraj.010@gmail.com 

 

OBJECTIVE: 

 

 Dynamic, creative and results-driven System administrator with problem solving skills, Broad technologist 

skills with a proven ability to keep abreast of emerging trends in the changing field of information technology. 

Demonstrated ingenuity in troubleshooting technological issues with the resources at hand in a cost-efficient timely 

manner, multitasking skills .   

 

WORK EXPERIENCE: 

 

Company: Inspace Technologies Pvt, Ltd from March- 2017. 

Designation: System Administrator 

 

Responsibilities: 

 Administrating ADS, DNS, DHCP, user access rights(Windows & linux) and group policy, etc... 

 Administration and configuration of windows server 2008 R2 & windows clients. 

 Controlling Network Access and simple IP & Port Control using FIREWALL. 

 LAN/WAN design and implementation using  hubs and switches. 

 Monitoring the resources using zabbix. 

 Antivirus administration – installing, removing, updating and monitoring 

 Backup & restoration of server files and databases by proper maintenance. 

 Linux System Administration, DNS, FTP, NFS, CIFS, Web Servers, NTP, LDAP, LVM and RAID. 

 Planned, installed, configured and administration of  mail server and proxy server (Squid). 

 Ability to develop python or bash script required for system automation, Monitoring and maintenance of 

Linux system. 

 Providing internet services through proxy server to client with permissions. 

 Security administration for entire network system and network resources. 

 Worked with various ISP providers, inter NIC, providing online wan tech support. 

 Installing and Managing Server based application. 

 Monitoring disk space, swap, CPU and memory utilization, network errors etc., and trigger the alert to 

corresponding team if any threshold level reaches 

 Configure local repository for Linux machines. 

 Working configuration management tool (Ansible) 

 Installation, Configuration, Administration and Trouble-shooting of Linux Servers. 

 Administering User accounts, Service Packages and Software Patches. 

 Configure the cloud machines like AWS(VPC,Route53,EC2,EBS,S3,Cloudwatch and cloudtrail) 

 Create multiple virtual machines using vagrant tool. 

 Working experience with GIT and Jenkins. 

 

 



                   

 
 

 

 

Company: Éclat Technologies from Dec-2015 to Jan-2017 . 

Designation : Junior System Engineer   
 

Responsibilities: 

  

 Act as the situation manager, as required to provide relief, repair, and perform for unplanned events adversely 

affecting the computing / network environment. 

 Gain expertise in new functionality and new software releases for the desktop products on daily basic. 

 Assembling and dissembling system hardware and peripherals. 

 Resolving issues with desktop support, web application, and network related. 

 Troubleshooting hardware and network routine problems. 

 Protection against virus and its removal, internet connection problems. 

 Providing front-end technical support for the end users. 

 Support daily calls regarding desktop/laptop, printer & network related issue. 

 Providing internet services to client through proxy server with permissions. 

 Networking in cabling and crimping of connectors. 

 Setting up peer-peer network. Configuring network protocols i.e. TCP/IP, etc. 

 Clearly communicate to clients the analysis of an issue's causes, impact, and planned resolution. 

 Site preparation, installation, configuration & administration of different operating systems for client 

companies and providing efficient technical support/solutions. 

 

  EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 

  

 BE(ECE) at Mount Zion college of Engineering and Technology, Pudukottai from 2011 – 2015 

 Higher Secondary at S.M.S.V.Hr.Sec.School, Karaikudi  from 2010-2011 

 Secondary Schooling at S.M.S.V.Hr.Sec.School, Karaikudi  from 2009-2010 

  

 

CERTIFICATION COURSES: 
 
 Hardware and Networking  

 CCNA (Routing & Switching) 

 70-640 MCSA 2008 Server Active Directory 

 RHCE & RHCSA ( LINUX ADMINISTRATION) 

 

     DevOps: 

             Tools :  Docker , Vagrant , Ansible , Zabbix, Git , Jenkins , Python ,Aws 

                                VMware and Virtual box      

 

 

 



                   

 
 

 

 

TECHNICAL SKILL SET: 

 Operating systems :  Windows Family, Linux  

 Hardware  :  DELL, IBM, HP  servers, Printers(all models) and CCTV, 

Switches & routers                                                              

 Application  :  MS Office, Client basic applications. 

 Mailing System :  Mail server, MS Outlook, 

 Virtualization  : VMware, Hyper-v, Microsoft Virtual Pc, Virtual Server 

 

PERSONAL INFORMATION: 

 

 Father Name  : Subramanian K 

 Data Of Birth  : 01  June 1994  

 Nationality           :  Indian 

 Language Known : Tamil, English 

 Passport Details : Passport  No :  P5545277 

     Date of Issue : 05 /12/2016 

     Date of Expiry : 04/12/ 2026 

    Place of Issue : Madurai 

 Address  : 25/a, Girija Nagar west, 

Near selvavinayagar temple 

Opposite to univercell road  

kolathur, Chennai - 600099 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  Date : 

 

 

  Place :                            _____________________ 

                                         (  DEEPAN RAJ S ) 


