





































CURRICULUM VITAE

V.N.KOUSHIK

D. No. 16-11-405/77/78,

Sai Mithra Arcade, Flat No: 202,




 

SBI Colony,Moosarambagh,

Hyderabad-36,




                 E-mail: koushik.vuddagiri@gamil.com

Andhra Pradesh



   
     Phone: 9014257584


         A qualified Research Analyst having 22 Months of experience, seeking a responsible and challenging position that shall enhance my capabilities and utilize my skills in facilitating organizational growth.

Work Experience:

Designation   

:  Research Analyst (July 2010 to Present)

Organization

:  FACTSET SYSTEMS INDIA PRIVATE LTD.

Company Industry
:  Financial Services

Department

:  Fixed Income – Investment Banking – Content Collection

Location


:  Hyderabad

Organization Profile
FactSet combines hundreds of databases into a single, powerful information system. It is a one-stop source for financial information and analytics for business analysts, portfolio managers, investment bankers / management firms and other financial professionals to analyze company’s portfolios, markets & economies. 
                                               FactSet was formed in 1978 and operates out of 26 locations worldwide. FactSet, with over $641 million in annual revenues, is headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut and employs over 4100 people worldwide. Our operations extend within North America as well as Europe and the Pacific Rim. Since 1996, the Company has been publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol FDS.
Job Responsibilities:

· Capture the Company’s various Debt components after understanding and analyzing the financial reports/filings published by companies.
· Accurately collect of as many companies as possible above the minimum expected number, as set by the management.
· Work with other Analysts across the process to improve the quality and average of the information being tracked.

· Produce and output meeting stringent data quality criteria

· Responsible for correctly creating/updating a deal, by following the guidelines of the process

· Require Collecting, maintaining and regularly updating the database with accurate information.

· Responsible to maintain confidentiality of information dealt with.

· Escalate all problems/issues to the immediate supervisor, related to production/personal-professional or motivational

· Report the number of Companies processed, those updated, company assigned to problem status or any other issue.

· Inform the supervisor about issues, which are constantly being escalated for inadequate support and/ or Content information.

Awards & Achievements

· ‘Star of the Fourth Quarter’ for FY10-11.
· ‘Blue Ribbon’ Applause Award for FY11-12.
Strengths

· Perseverance to achieve the set goals.

· Open for feedback and take constructive criticism in stride.

· Ability to work in a group as well as independently with minimal supervision.

· Aptitude to work hard.

Educational Qualifications

· M.B.A (Finance) with 77% from Vignan Institute of Information and Technology, Visakhapatnam, affiliated to JNTU Kakinada 2008-2010.
· B.Com with 63% from Pydah Degree College, Visakhapatnam, affiliated to Andhra University 2005-2008.

Technical Skills:

· M.S. Office (Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word and Microsoft Power point)
· Proficient in MS Excel – Macros, Lookups, counting and summing formulas, Conditional formatting, Filters, Protecting spreadsheets, Text manipulation, Charting basics, Keyboard shortcuts, Conditional/Logical Formulas.
PERSONAL PROFILE       
Full Name


: 
V.N.KOUSHIK

Father’s Name


: 
V.P.V.Gupta

Date Of birth


: 
15-06-1988

Nationality


: 
Indian.

Marital Status


: 
Unmarried.

Languages Known

: 
English, Hindi and Telugu.

Hobbies


: 
Reading News paper and Listening to Music.

DECLARATION:

I hereby declare that all the above particulars furnished by me are true to the best of my knowledge and request your good self to give an opportunity to serve under your kind control. I assure that I would strive hard to bring credit to your esteemed organization.

DATE:

PLACE:                                                                                                                      Signature

