














































VIKRAM M PATIL


Curriculum Vitae 
 

MR.SINGH ANUJ BALIRAM 

Mobile : +91-9619160851                                                                         Email Id : anujsingh2511@gmail.com 

 

Objective 

To strive for Excellence in the field of software development – with dedication, focus, 

proactive approach, positive attitude and passion. And to utilize my knowledge and skills in the best 

possible way for the fulfillment of organizational goals. 

 
Professional Experience 

Industry Experience: 3 years.  

 Currently working as software Developer in Aniktantra Company, Mumbai since Dec 2014 

to till date. 

 
Experience Summary 

 Software developer under team of Gracious soft technologies pune. 

 Working as a software developer under Development team of Aniktantra Technologies. 

 Having experience in Software Development with different environments. 

 Proficiency in Core Java, J2EE and the latest framework like Struts 1.3. 

 Excellent Web Designing Skills using HTML/CSS, Java Script, Ajax. 

 Ability to work in different web development tools like Eclipse IDE, NetBeans and 

Dreamweaver. 

 Excellent in communication & interpersonal skills with focused and motivated attitude to 

learn new technologies and to achieve goals and objectives by turning dreams and visions 

into reality. 

 Ability to coordinate with project team. 

 

Academics 

 M.C.A.  from Pune University in 2014 with First Class. 

 B.Sc(cs) from Mumbai University in 2011 with First Class. 

 H.S.C from U.P Board in 2005 with Second Class. 

 S.S.C from U.P Board in 2003 with Second Class. 

 

Technical Skills 

Languages & Software Core Java, J2EE 

Web Technologies HTML/CSS, Java Script, Servlet , JSP, Ajax, web service, scheduler, 
payment getaway, Spring , Hibernate, Python , PHP 



 
 

L&T Mutual Funds 

Duration Apr  2015 – till date 

Role Software Developer 

Responsibility 

 Involved in developing GUI interface in JSP. 
 Involved in Making Business Logic and Coding . 
 Developed Client Side validations using JavaScript. 
 Configured Database Connections using JDBC. 

Technology 
JSP, JavaBeans, Ajax, NetBeans3.5, MySQL 5.5,SOAP 

Webservice,Rest Webservice 

 

Description  
Provided Admin Panel for the Portal, In this Portal Proposer upload the required content. The 

Approver for the content approver or rejects the content after approver Publisher publishes the 

content which will be shown on the official website. 

  
 
Kotak Mahindra Mutual Funds 

(Treasury Workflow and 
Expense Workflow) 

Duration Dec 2014 – till date 

Role Software Developer 

Responsibility 

 Involved in developing GUI interface in JSP. 
 Involved in Making Business Logic and Coding  
 Developed Client Side validations using JavaScript. 
 Configured Database Connections using JDBC. 

Technology 
JSP, JavaBeans, Ajax, NetBeans3.5, Oracle 

 

        
Description  
The portal keeps the track of the treasure that comes-in and goes-out. It also allows the user to 

modify. Portal gives reports on daily analysis and datewise as well. 

Made budget approval module for Expense Workflow. Only budget proposers and budget approver 

has access to this module. It makes the job of proposer and approver easy regarding increment in 

budget.   

 
 

Java API JDBC 

Web Framework Struts 1.3, JavaBeans, Spring ,Hibernate  

Design Pattern MVC 

Application Server Apache Tomcat 7.0 

Database MySQL 5.5, Oracle11g, Oracle 9i 

Operating Systems Windows2000, XP, Vista, Windows 7, Ubantu 12.04(Linux OS) 

IDE Eclipse ,Net Bean3.5,Net Bean6.9 

Tools  iReport , Adobe Dreamweaver 



 

PODS 

Duration Dec 2016 – till date 

Role Software Developer 

Responsibility 

 Involved in developing GUI interface in JSP. 
 Involved in Making Business Logic and Coding  
 Developed Client Side validations using JavaScript. 
 Configured Database Connections using JDBC. 

Technology 
JSP, JavaBeans, Ajax, NetBeans3.5, MySQL,SOAP Web 

service,Rest Webservice 

 

        
Description  
The portal keeps the track of the User for the online document verification of Applicant. Portal 

gives reports on Applicant Identification ID The Portal is Using Web service for the document 

verification from CRIF . 

CRIF provide the Service to  identify the Applicant and give the score of the Client. 

PODS process the Report and give the document verification of the Applicant from BAP User.   

 
 

Achievements 

 Got certificate for participating in the C-Relay Race in Techno-tatv.  
 Event organizer in school and other technical events. 
 Played in the College Cricket Team during the Inter-Collage Cricket tournaments. 
  N.S.S. During college days I was active representative of N.S.S. and was selected as a group 

leader in the final year of N.S.S. We as a group undertook various Public Welfare projects.   

 
 

Personal Information 

Name MR. SINGH ANUJ BALIRAM 

Date  Of  Birth 25 Nov 1988 

Gender Male 

Marital  Status Unmarried 

Pan Card No. DGVPS4442E 

Languages English, Hindi and Marathi 

Local   Address   
Room No.1,Gaon Devi Shubhash Ngr. Near Bajarang Dery ,Vakola Pipe Line 
,Santacuz(e),Mumbai 400055. 

Nationality Indian. Nationality 

Notice Period 30 days   
 
  Declaration  

 I hereby declare that the particulars furnished above are true to the best of my 
knowledge and belief.   

 
 
Date:                                                              Applicant’ Signature 
                                                    

 
                                                                                                                                             

Place: Mumbai                                                      (Anuj Singh)  


