















































 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Ayush Haritwal   Saket, 100 Sukanta Park, 
 Email Id - ayushharitwal@gmail.com                                                                         Prafulla kanan, 

                          Contact No.: +91-9903-252521                                                                                      Kolkata-700101 
 
 

                             Objective:  

To work in the best corporate culture and at the same time under the guidance of proficient professionals. 

Also, contribute genuinely to the company in all the ways I can. 
 

Professional & Academic Qualification:  

Course University/Institute Year Marks % 

IPCC The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India Nov ‘10 57% 

CPT The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India May ‘09 61% 

B.Com University of Calcutta 2009-12 59%  

Class XII St. Joan’s School, Kolkata 2009 91% 

Class X St. Joan’s School, Kolkata 2007 85% 
 

Work Experience: 

Articleship Exposure (General Details): 

Employer Name: Deloitte Haskins & Sells, Kolkata. 

Department: Audit & Enterprise Risk Service 

Designation: Audit Intern 

Tenure: From 28th February, 2011 till 1st March 2014 
 

●CFA Level 1 Cleared in First Attempt (December 2017). 

 

●CFA Level 2 Candidate. 

 

 

Paid – Up Exposure: 

                           •Audit work conducted at Deloitte Haskins & Sells for a period of 6 months. 

                           •Audit related work done at Girdhari Lal Sharma & Co. from February 2015 till February 2018. 

                           

                           Exposure highlights:  

 During the course of my internship, I have been a core team member on various engagements relating to  

 Statutory audit, interim audit, limited review, desktop review and physical verifications.  

 

                         •Applying Substantive and Analytical procedures - To achieve audit assurance in accordance with  
                            Deloitte Audit Approach Manual (“DAAM”)  

 

                          •Led the team on various Physical Verification Engagements and prepared reports on final outcome of  
                            physical verification procedures. Some of the major clients handled are Indicon Enterprises Limited, IFB             

                            Industries Limited, Hewlett Packard India Sales Pvt. Limited (Eastern India Locations), TCS Limited, CMC       

                            Limited, Tata Housing Development Company Limited, Tata Motors Limited. 
 

mailto:ayushharitwal@gmail.com


                             
                           Work Performed: 

                           •Conducted the Statutory Audit and the Interim Audit for the different areas of Statement Profit & Loss  
                              Account such as Sales, Cost of Sales, Expenditure, Income, provisioning of different Balance sheet items such as                                                   

                               Debtors, Inventories and Balance sheet as a whole. 

  

                           •Conducted control Assurance Testing for all the cycles of the business such as Expenditure, Sales,   
                              Fixed Assets, Income, Debtors, etc.  

 

                            •Was an active part of the team during planning of Audit.  

 

                            •Also was in the core team member during the finalization of account as per Revised Schedule III.  

 

                           •Conducted testing of TDS, was active part of the team involved in the preparation of Form 3CD,  
                             Annexures and Tax Audit Checklist during Tax Audit.  

                             

                           •Has Done Special Additional Duty (SAD) Certification work for IFB Industries Limited. 
                                
                       
                          Major Clients Handled during various engagements: 
   

1. Indicon Enterprises Limited 
2. IFB Industries Limited 
3. TCS Limited 
4. CMC Limited 
5. Tata Housing Development Company Limited 
6. Hewlett Packard India Sales Pvt. Ltd. 
7. Eveready Industries Limited 
8. Perfetti Van Melle Private Limited 
9. Orient BlackSwan Private Limited 
10. Ujjivan Financial Services Private Limited 
11. Mcmillan Publishers India Limited 
12. Marathon Electric Motors (India) Limited 
13. Tata Motors Limited 
14. Tractors India Limited 
15. Tractors India Private Limited 

 
 
                        Other Details: 

 
1. All India highest in Audit, IPCC Group 2 November 2010. 
2. Captain of the school Cricket team. 
3. Anchored various programmes in school.  
4. Successfully completed the Orientation Program organized by ICAI. 
5. Attended the Student Convention organized by the ICAI-Eastern Region. 

 
                      
                       Computer Skills: 
 

1. Successfully completed Information Technology Training of 100hrs as required by ICAI. 
2. Hands on experience in MS-Office, MS-Windows, Tally, SAP etc. 

 
 
                       Personal Details: 
 
                        Date of Birth:           12th February 1991 
                        Language known:   English, Hindi, Bengali, Marwari, Punjabi 

 Other Interests:        Playing Badminton, Basketball, Reading books,  
                                   Watching News channels and Political debates. 


