












































CURRICULUM VITAE

Nitin Chitnis

Avadhut Apartment, S.No.79/1,
Paud Road, 

Behind Kothrud PMT Depo,



   Email: nitinchitnis23@gmail.com
Pune-411029 

                 


   Contact no:  +91-9096362211

CAREER OBJECTIVE:

Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Information Technology/ Business Process Outsourcing Industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.

EDUCATION QUALIFICATION:

· M.C.M from Naralkar Institute, Pune with Higher Second Class - 2009

· B.Com from Shivaji University, Kolhapur with Second Class - 2007

· H.S.C (Commerce) from Kolhapur Board with First Class 69%  - 2004

· S.S.C from Kolhapur Board with Second Class - 2002

WORK EXPERIENCE:

1. Worked as Hardware Engineer from 4th January’11 till 28th December’11 with S.K Computers, Vita (Sangli).
Roles and responsibilities :-
· Provide technical support to the customer of the shop regarding hardware and software issues.
· Examine customer requirements and suggest suitable hardware.
2. Worked as a Technical Support Associate from 15th March’10 till 6th August’10 with Ventura India Ltd, Pune.
Roles and responsibilities :-

· Provide technical support for OS, software and antivirus to customers by remote desktop. 

· Document and record all activity and communication with customers over chat and email according to departmental standards of quality.

· Record all activity in the department’s ticket system, updating cases in it in order that progress can be tracked with each customer’s incident.

· Review cases for technical complexity and make recommendations to team members with regards escalation according to departmental Best Practice.

· Use and create knowledgebase articles in line with best practice based on new product information, support incidents, and/or common or critical issues.

· Actively participate in team and departmental meetings by providing feedback on current day to day activity and recommendations for improvement.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
· Languages


: C, Core Java, VB.net.

· DBMS Packages

: Oracle 

· Operating Systems   
: WindowsXP, Vista.

· Web Designing

: HTML,XML,ASP.

· Networking

: 

· Knowledge of  CCNA (Switching and Routing).

Certifications:
1. MCTS

· Configuring Windows Vista Client (070-620) candidate id: sr5199532
PROJECT PROFILE:

1 Project: Flat Booking System


 Front End: VB.net


 Operating System: Windows XP

DESCRIPTION: The objective of this project is to computerize all activities related to flat booking and maintain track of customer payments.

PERSONAL PROFILE:

Name



:
Nitin Chitnis

Father’s Name

            :     
V.M.Chitnis

Nationality


:
Indian

Date Of Birth


:
20th May 1987

Hobbies              

:    
Collecting various coins, watching movies.
Languages Known

:
English, Hindi and Marathi.

 Place: Pune.                                                               (Nitin Chitnis)
