














































Name : 

Email id         : 

Qualification : 

Prathmesh Madhusudan Bhaturkar 

prathmeshbhaturkar@gmail.com 
BE (Electronics and telecommunication engineering) 

Contact : +91 8007952765 /8378916560 
 

CAREER OBJECTIVE: 
 

To work in firm with professional work driven environment where I can utilize and apply my 

knowledge, skills which would enable me as a fresh graduate to grow while fulfilling organizational 

goals. 

 
 

Employment History: 

 
                         Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd. 

Designation: Analyst (Software Engineer )  

 

Job Responsibilities: 

 
 Installation & configuration  of Operating system: Windows XP, 7, 8, 10 windows server 

2008 &2012 
 Managing Exchange 2010/2013/2016 in a large, on-premise, clustered enterprise  
 environment 
 Administration of user domain accounts using Active directory. 

 Manage Exchange Online users, manage recipients - create, modify, delete, shared 
mailbox, recover deleted emails 

 Configuration & troubleshooting of Microsoft Outlook O365 , 2016, 2013, 2007 
through Exchange Server. 

 Perform network troubleshooting to Isolate and diagnose common network problems 

  

 Providing Technical support to client and VDI machines ( citrix client & VMware 
horizon client ) 

 Installation and troubleshooting Symantec (RU5 & RU6) Endpoint Protection 
Antivirus. 

 Support various Operating systems and also in installing applications on those operating 

systems depending upon its compatibility.  

 Manage file sharing permissions to monitor mailbox quotas/space and also to check 

where the email has stuck and made sure that the email reaches its destination. 

 Research acute, complex technical problems within the environment and develop plans to 
resolve 

 Working closely with the managed service provider and senior IT staff, facilitate 
collaborative work teams to resolve any infrastructure issues related to the email and 

messaging platforms (Network Services, Security, Server Admins, Backup and Storage 

team and other applications teams) 

 Working with other administrators and engineers of Exchange, Wintel, Network, and 
Security to perform system changes and troubleshooting 

 Work with asset management team to maintain accurate records of all 
Exchange/Messaging software 

 
 
 



                         Wipro InfoTech Pvt. Ltd. 
Designation: Desktop engineer L2 (07 Dec 2016 to 7 Feb 2018) 

Responsible for supporting the company (Bharat Petroleum Corporate Ltd client) 

Franchisee: Acute Informatics Pvt Ltd. 
 

Job Responsibilities: 
 

 Installation of Operating system: Windows XP, 7, 8, 10 windows server 2008 &2012 

 Configuration & troubleshooting of Microsoft Outlook 2007 & 2013 through Exchange 

Server. 

 Providing Technical support to client and VDI machines (VM ware client). 

Installation and troubleshooting Symantec (RU5 & RU6) Endpoint Protection Antivirus. 

Troubleshooting of problems in Desktop, Laptop, Printers and scanners through Remote 

Desktop Connection, Team Viewer, Microsoft OCS and Dame Ware. 

 Configuration & troubleshooting Web Application like Employees Portal and Oil & Gas 

industries related applications etc. 

 Level 1 troubleshooting for LAN, TCP/IP problems. 
 

 Providing L1 network support which includes configuring IPs and basic handling of 
 

switches, among others. 

 Administration of user domain accounts using Active directory. 

 Knowledge of mobile devices and functionality (Samsung /I-Phone /Microsoft /Other 

phones used for corporate Email). 

 Follow the Escalation Matrix and properly change the Status of BITSS ticket. 
 
 

PROFESSIONAL EXPOSURE: 
 

 Complete CCNA training from RST FORUM dated 25th Aug 2016 to 25 Oct 2016 

Complete Project Based Industrial Internship on CCNA (Routing and Switching) using 

"CISCO NETWORKING" from Network Bulls Dated 15th June,2015 to 29th June,20) 

 

 

Academic Qualifications: 
 

Passed S.S.C. from Maharashtra State Board in Year 2009-2010 and secured 83.27% Distinction. 

Passed Diploma in Electronics Engineering from M.S.B.T.E in Year 2010-13and secured 67.67 First 

Class. 

Passed B.E in Electronic& Telecommunication Engineering from Amravati University in Year 2015-

16 and secured 67.77% First Class. 

 
 

PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN: 

Based on: Microcontroller 

 Chemist helper 

Desription: These project which is basically designed to save the time of chemist as well as the customer 

came for purchasing tablets. Also the confusion amongst the chemist about the place of the medicines is 

also solved. 
 

 My role is I am the group leader in my project. 



PERSONAL SKILLS: 
 

 I am a flexible person and I am capable of accomplishing tasks within stipulated time. 
 To work with dedication and having a planned approach towards a particular work. 

 
 

ACHIEVEMENT: 
 

 Winner of inter class cricket tournament at college gathering. 

 Winner of group dance competitions at college gathering. 

 Winner of drama competition in digital India week at H.V.P.M COET Amravati 

 Second price in group dance competition in 3
rd 

year of polytechnic 

 Participated in poster competition in digital India week. 

 Participated in university level athletic running competition 

 Coordinator in workshop on PCB/product designing conducted by technocop technology pvt. Ltd. 

 Coordinator in vidarbha level debate competition in my college. 
 
 

PERSONAL DETAILS 
 

Date of Birth : 
Address : 
Email id              : 
Mobile no           : 

Languages           : 

22/07/1995 

Sector 1  airoli navi mumbai , 444708 
prathamesh.bhaturkar@capgemini.com 
8007952765 / 8291918404 
English, Hindi, Marathi 

 
 

DECLARATION: 
 

I hereby declare that all the information mention above is true to my knowledge and I bear the 

responsibility for the above mention particulars. 

 
 

 

 

Date : / / Signature 

 



 


