









































SATYAJIT ROUT  satyajitrout777@gmail.com  +91-9776747683 
 

Software Engineer. Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the information technology industry that 

offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible. 

 
 Having knowledge on End to End solution for any business using ERP Software.  
 Brief knowledge on software life cycles like STLC, SDLC. 
 1+ years of experience in Manual and Automation Testing in Material management and Finance module 

using Selenium, Jenkins and Mantish. 
 Hands on experience and good knowledge in various testing frameworks like Keyword Driven, Data Driven 

and Hybrid Frameworks. 
 Thorough hands-on experience with all the levels of testing including Sanity, Usability, Functional, 

Integration, Regression, Re-testing, User Acceptance and System Testing. 
 Good experience in interacting with product manager, developers, customer support and help them in 

base line the requirement specifications. 
 Expertise in end-to-end automation development and testing of web-based applications.  

 
 Test automation Tool:  Selenium, Jenkins, AutoIT, Appeium 

 Languages:   Core JAVA, SQL, HTML 

 Monitoring Tools :  Firebug, Firepath 

 Defect Tracking Tool: MantishBT 

 Certification:  ISTQB Foundamental 

 Operating Systems: Windows7/8, Mac OS, Linux 

 Servers:   Oracle WebLogic 12C 

 Database:   Oracle 11g 

 Version Control Tool:  SVN 

 Tools and others:  VNC viewer, WinSCP, Putty, Bamboo, Firebuz, Postman, IntelIJ, TestNG 

 

 Working as Software Engineer  
at Eastern Software System Pvt. Ltd.  
since July, 2017. 
 

 

 

 Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)  
in Electronics and communication Engineering (ECE) 
from Institute of Technical Education & Research, SOA University, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 
in the year of 2017  
with 8.3 CGPA. 

 +2  
In Science 
from Council of Higher Secondary Education Board, Odisha 
at College of Basic Science and Humanities, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 
in the year of 2013 with 73.33%. 

Education: 
  

Professional Summary: 

  

Technical Skills: 

  

Work Experience: 

  

Career  spanning  over  2+ years  of  IT  experience  in  Testing  Domain  (Both  Automation  and  Manual)  as  a 



 
 

 Class X 
from Higher Secondary Education Board, Odisha 
at Saraswati Vidya Mandir, Kendrapada, Odisha  
in the year of 2011  
with 88.89%. 
 

       
 Organization: Eastern Software Systems 

 
Role: Software Engineer 
 
Modules Assigned: Material Management, Finance 

 
Tools and Technologies: Selenium, Jenkins, SQL developer, Oracle Weblogic 12C 

 
Project Description: 
 EbizFrame 10 is a web-based ERP product that gives the customers end to end 
solution for their business.   The ERP   was made with many modules like Material management, Finance, 
Sales, Manufacturing, Project management etc and completely deals with AJAX technology. The role was to 
find out the bugs and quality analysis of the product in material management and finance module before 
delivered to   the clients using both automation and manual testing. Except this making of jars and patches for 
clients, deployment process was also a part of my work. 

 
       Roles & Responsibilities: 
 

 Understanding the requirements and gathering the project information. 
 Performing Manual Testing on functionality of the application and Creating Test Scenarios, Test Cases, 

Test data for the application. 

 Developing and executing the test scripts on the new build by using TestNG with Webdriver. 
 Executing Test Cases and Generating Test summary Reports. 
 Analyze the test results and update it accordingly to the Test Manager/Testing Team. 
 Testing the Functionality of each feature. 
 Testing activities included Sanity, Functional, GUI, Regression, Performance and System Testing. 
 Identify the test cases needs to automate and update the Test Cases based on any implementation 

changes. 

 Responsible for product testing and functional testing at System level. 

 

       
Date of Birth:  27-July-1996 

Sex:   Male 

Marital Status:  Single 

Languages Known:  English, Hindi, Odia 

Present Address:  Noida, Uttar Pradesh 

Permanent Address: Kendrapada, Odisha 

       
 Traveling 
 Photography 
 Cooking 

 
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the 

responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 
Satyajit Rout  

Personal Details: 
  

Project: 
  

Personal Details: 
  


