




















































4R  CV Template (Version 1.0)

CV of Kirankumar G
Email – kiransapbibo07@gmail.com



Mobile no – 87925 13543
 SAP PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

· Overall 7 years of experience out of which around 4 yrs of experience in SAP HANA/BO and 3.3 yrs experience in Domian.
· Experience of data extraction from SAP R/3 to HANA by using of SLT.
· Good exposer on creating HANA models and building WEBi reports on top of HANA views.

· Worked on creating of HANA views i.e. Attribute, Analytical and Calculation views based on user requirement.

· Experience on creating of WEBi reports on top of HANA views and Bex reports as per the user requirement.

· One of the most responsible and active persons for team deliverables and received awards for Best Team Member.
· Worked on enhancing the existing Analytic and Calculation views as part of support projects to accommodate business requirements.

Education
· BSC Computers from S.K.University

Experience Summary
	Total experience
	IT experience
	Non IT experience 
	Certification/ Achievements

	
	SAP experience 
	Non SAP 
	Relevant experience
	
	

	7 yrs
	3.10 yrs
	   3.3 yrs
	4 yrs
	3 yrs
	


Employment Summary:
	Sr No
	Employer (Payroll) Company
	Project / Customer Name
	Period 
	Role
	Skills involved
	Remarks

	1
	KPIT
	GSD, 
ASTRO
	 Nov 2013 – August 2017
	Developer
	SAP HANA/BO 
	


Skills Summary
	ERP Packages
	SAP R3

	Data Warehousing 
	SAP HANA and BO

	Programming Languages
	ABAP/4, VB, C, C++

	ETL
	BODS, SLT

	Database /Operating systems / Tools
	Unix. TWS(Maestro), MAGIC, Remedy, Oracle, HP OVSC


Professional Experience:
	Customer
	GSD

	Name of the company with a brief background
	Global Service Delivery

	Project Start / End Date, Duration
	Jan 16 – August 2017

	Role
	Developer

	Solution Environment
	SAP HANA/BO

	Tools
	 WEBI, CRYSTAL Reports,  BO Explorer and BEX Reports

	Please, provide a detailed description of the tasks performed in the project
	· Enhanced the Root Cause for the Data Inconsistencies and extended the Analytical View.

· Worked on Creating Graphical and Scripted Calculation views based on user Business Blue print.

· Monitoring Business Objects Explorer Info Spaces based on HANA information Models.

· Worked on Creating Attribute views and enhancing existing model.

· Worked on creating Graphical Calculation View.

· Worked on Creating Calculation views with Constant Union approach.

· Worked on creating calculated Attributes & calculated measures.

· Worked on WEBi reports on top of HANA views based on user requirement.

· Worked on enhancing the existing Analytic and Calculation views as part of support projects to accommodate business requirements.

· Created Webi reports and based on the Bex queries by using of BICS connection.

· Interacting with the clients from time to time to discuss the open issues and maintaining work History for all the tickets until they are resolved.


	Customer
	ASTRO

	Name of the company with a brief background
	ASTRO

	Project Start / End Date, Duration
	Nov 2013 – Dec 15 

	Role
	Associate Consultant

	Solution Environment
	SAP HANA/BO

	Tools
	 WEBI 

	Please, provide a detailed description of the tasks performed in the project
	· Gathered the User Requirements and also updated the existing documents, and prepared the documents like detailed Functional Design Documents and Report design details documents for the reports.

· Worked on creating of HANA views i.e. Attribute, Analytical and Calculation views based on user requirement.

· Worked on Creating Attribute views and enhancing existing model.

· Worked on Creating Calculation views with Constant Union approach.

· Worked on enhancing the existing Analytic and Calculation views as part of support projects to accommodate business requirements.

· Worked on WEBi reports on top of Bex reports by using of BICS connections.
· Prepared many other reports by using master details, cross-tabs, slice and dice and drill mode as per the requirement of the end-user.

· Used Alerts, Filters, Breaks, Sorts and Ranks in the reports
· Involved in monitoring of loads daily, weekly and Monthly schedules and escalated the issues and also resolved the issues.
· Worked on creating Web intelligence reports using merge dimensions.



TATA Consultancy Services                                      OneIT_PE_CV_Template                                                               Page 1 of 3

