


















































+91 9650177846
pandey_abhishek7632@yahoo.com
ABHISHEK PANDEY
	Professional overview
	
	Working in CreditRisk Analytics for Retail & Commercial Banking domain since August, 2015. Have worked on model development, calibration and validation. Previously worked inSupply Chain Analytics&Web Analyticsdomain. Have on-site experience in UK&USA with valid B-1 visa till 2025. Hold a B.E. in Computer Engineering.Total Work Experience: 5 years.

	Skills & Abilities
	
	Languages: Base and Advanced SAS, SQL, R programming
Technologies: Google Analytics,SAP APO DP, Angoss	
CONCEPTS    :  Decision Trees (CHAID & CART), Segmentation,  Linear                                       Regression, Logistic Regression, Time Series Modelling, Model Calibration, Model Validation

	Experience
	
	SENIOR BUSINESS ANALYST – CREDIT RISK, EXL SERVICE, GURGAON
February, 2017 – Till Date
Projects:-
1. Commercial Cards PQR MI and segmentation
Studied client’s Commercial Cards portfolio (Credit & Charge Card) and proposed a set of KRIs to track the performance of the portfolio on month on month basis.
Developed an automated system to generate monthly MI with these KRIs.
Identified high risk customers from the base basis bad rate and suggested necessary policy changes in consultation with SME
Identified good customers from the base for credit limit increase opportunity.
2. PD ModelCalibration and Validation of Loans portfolio
Segmented the SME population to identify segment that can be moved into RBB.
Identified if the population has changed overtime using metrics like PSI and CSI
Calibrated the PD model by identifying the twist and shift parameters
Validated the calibrated PD model

DEPUTY MANAGER – CREDIT RISK, BAJAJ FINSERV LTD, PUNE
August, 2015 – February, 2017
Roles & Responsibilities:-
Identifying potential portfolio customers from the enterprise base which belong to low risk category.
Initiated programs to capture the business opportunities for my portfolio from a specific channel, SUD/AND customers and Mortgage personal line. 
Identifying the highest risk customer segment using decision tree techniques from current portfolio base basis delinquency and suggesting necessary policy changes.
Developing a system that monitors the implementation of the policies at pan India leveland sharing the breeches with regional credit and sales managers.
Reporting on various KPIs pertaining to bounces and delinquencies across several cuts.
Business Analyst, Demand Planning llc, Pune
July, 2014 – July, 2015
Roles & Responsibilities :-
Product Segmentation at various levels of hierarchy.
Demand Forecasting using Time Series Modeling techniques at various levels of hierarchy.
Report generation on various KPIs and Visualization.
Configuration Diagnostics of SAP APO DP system with exposure to End-to-End implementation of Strategic Planning and generation of Modelling Profiles.

Senior SEO Executive, Technooyster media solutions, Pune
October, 2013 – July, 2014
Roles & Responsibilities :-
Initiating viral marketing techniques through carefully designed highly focused campaigns.
Analyzing the impact of our marketing and branding campaigns using Web Analytics techniques.


	Education
	
	Oxford School [CBSE] – New delhi – class x - pass out – PASS OUT 2003
General – 88.2% aggregate
oxford school [CBSE] – new delhi – class xII - pass out – PASS OUT 2005
Science (Non-Medical) – 81.2% aggregate
pune university [scoe] – pune – b.e. [computer engingeering] – pass out 2013
B.E. (Computer Engineering) – 59.95% aggregate


	Personal Details
	
	Languages : English, Hindi
Date of Birth   : July 3, 1987




I do hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge.
Place: Gurgaon						
Date:15th Aug, 2018								Abhishek Pandey
Page 2
