
















































Subrahmanya Sarma .P	 						          Mobile no: +91-8977118918
Hyderabad,                                                                                                                     Email: pssarma7@gmail.com
Telangana-500081.
	




SUMMARY:

1. 3 years 11 Months of Software experience in Mainframe Application development. Extensive experience in the IT industry, involved with complete Software Development Life Cycle.
1. Having domain experience in Manufacturing & Automotive Sectors. Extensive hands on experience on IBM Mainframe Application programming.
1. Proficiency in requirement gathering, analysis, design, development, testing(Unit testing and System Testing), Review (design, code, test results).
1. Diverse work experience with different functionalities of the application, with Development projects.
1. Hands on experience on DB2 tools such as SPUFI, FILE-AID, IBM DB2, DB Visualizer.
1. Expertise in using configuration management tools such as Changeman and Endevor.
1. Expertise with documentation and presentation tools like MS Word, MS Excel and MS Power point.
1. Self-Starter and ability to meet operational deadlines in a demanding fast-paced environment and Capable of working independently as well as in a team.
1. Pro-active, flexible, enthusiastic, and results driven.
1. Attention to detail and accuracy.
1. Comprehensive problem solving abilities, good verbal and written communication skills.
1. Self-motivated team player with mentoring and leadership qualities.
1. Possess Strong leadership and excellent organizational, project management skills, Interpersonal, analytical, and team building skills with proven ability in establishing Streamlined Planning and managing resources. 
	
KEY COMPETENCIES:

1. Experience in handling projects as Team member.
1. Received “SPOT” award from the current organization.
1. Worked directly under Client during my Onsite Client Visit for 3 Months. 
1. Excellent Team building, Project management, Analytical, Interpersonal and Communication skills.
1. Self -motivated, highly committed to responsibilities and ability to work independently perform well within cross-functional teams.


CORE COMPETENCIES:

· Design
Performing analysis on the business requirement and preparing design document based on the request.

· Code
Responsible for coding according to the code standards specified and ensuring that it satisfies all the requirements specified.

· Test Plan(Unit and System Test)
Creation of Test plan for the unit testing and System testing based on the business requirement. 

· Test Execution (Unit and System Test)
Test execution and preparing Unit test results document. 

· Review
Performing code and test results review and sharing my comments with the team to make sure that the code is delivered with Zero-defects to the Client

· Knowledge Transfer
Knowledge Transfer to the offshore team with business functionality and the new requirements.


SKILL SET:


            Operating Systems		: IBM OS/390.
Programming languages		: COBOL, JCL, CICS, Basic Java Skills and Python.
Access Method			: VSAM
Database		            : DB2
Tools/Utilities                        : TSO/ISPF, Changeman, File-Aid, SPUFI, DCLGEN, FILEZilla, DB Visualizer, IBM Sort, IBM utilities, File Manager, Legasuite, MQ.
PC Applications			: MS-Word, Excel.





WORK EXPERIENCE:
Computer Sciences Corporation:
A) JM Family Enterprises (Duration: 47 Months)

	Professional Assignments:
	
	Project Title	: SET (South Eastern Toyota) Application 
	
	Client Description:

JM Family Enterprises is an Automotive Distributor, based in Deerfield Beach, Florida, United States, founded in 1968 by Automotive Legend Jim Moran. JM Family is made up of three distinct but interdependent groups of entities: South East Toyota (SET); WOFCO (World Omni Financial Corporation); and JM Associates (JMA). It is the world’s largest independent distributor with 4200 associates and named as Forbes 100 best places to work from over 19 years.  
Roles and Responsibilities:

· Analysis and Understanding the requirements & functional specifications.
· Creating the design documents.
· Enhancement of the batch and online programs involving COBOL, DB2, IBM DB2, Legasuite.
· Creating and Performing Unit testing of programs and screens.
· Working and delivering the defects on a given scheduled time.
· Status Reporting and Responsible for the final delivery.
· Actively involved in learning the Application.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

	Course
	University/ Institution
	Percentage
	Year of Passing

	B.E. (CSE)
	JNTU Hyderabad
	70.2
	2014

	Intermediate (MPC)
	Sri Chaitanya Junior Kalasala
	76
	2010

	SSC
	Bhashyam Public School
	87.6
	2008



DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that the above particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

	(Subrahmanya Sarma) 	
