
















































SAP BO Consultant

NISARUDDIN
Mobile: 9108434869
Mail ID:nisaruddin.sap1@gmail.com
	

Professional Summary:

Having experience in Analysis, Design, Development and Implementation of 
  SAP Business Objects XI R3/R4 and SAP BW.
Good working experience on SAP BOBI 4.0/4.1 tools like Information Design Tool, UDT,Web 
  Intelligence and Crystal Reports.
Extensively worked on SAP Business Objects XI 3.1 tools like Universe Designer, Web 
  Intelligence Rich Client, Info View, Web-Intelligence, Desktop Intelligence, Crystal reports 
  2011. 
Expertise in creating Universes on SAP and Non SAP data Sources.
Designed and Developed universes using SAP BEx Queries, Multiprovider and relational 
  sources.
Involved in design and development of BO Universes and Reports.
Good working experience on new features like Business layer, Data foundation, BICS 
  Connections, Security Profiles in SAP BO 4.X.
Extensively used business objects reporting functionalities like Master Detail, Drilling
  Methodology, Filters, Ranking, Sections, Breaks and Charts.
Knowledge on Business Objects XI R3 Central Management Console (CMC)
  including creation of Business Objects folders, documents, reports, user groups,
  profiles, schedules, publications, and security rights.
Experience in creating BEx Queries using calculated and restricted Key figures,
  variables, structures, Exceptions and conditions.
Knowledge on designing Info Objects, Data Sources, DSO, InfoCube, Multi   
  Provider and familiar with creating Info package and loading data from PSA
  to Data Targets.
Good knowledge on Dimensional Modeling, Star and Extended Star   
  schema.
Disciplined and self-motivated team player with good verbal and written communication 
  kills.
Keen interest in learning new technologies.


Academics Summary:

B.E from Osmania University in 2010.



Professional Experience Summary:

Working as a SAP BO Consultant  in NTT DATA From Feb 2015 -Till date.
Worked with Process weaver software solutions Pvt. Ltd. Hyderabad from Jun 2012 to Feb 2015.



Technical Skills:

Reporting Tools: SAP Business Objects 4.X (IDT, Web Intelligence, Dashboards), BEx Reporting, 
                           UDT, Launch pad, CMC, Xcelsius 2008 ,Query designer,
                           and Crystal reports 11.
ERP Packages: SAP R/3 ECC 6.0
Data Ware Housing: SAPBI7.X
Operating Systems: WINDOWS XP and Advanced.
Databases: Oracle, MS SQL,BW, MS Access 2000


Professional Experience Details:

Client:Goodyear Tyres
Role : BO Consultant
Project Type : Development 
Duration: March 2016 to present
Responsibilities:
		    Requirements gathering, client Interaction, project conversion functional to technical, Analysis of dataflow, Analysis of project, tables, mart tables, and schema’s, loading of data’s into table. Interaction with ETL team,  Preparation, Planning, Designing of schema, universe designing , creating connection, joining of tables, handling loops and traps, context defining,  creation of condition/filter at universe level, defining hierarchy, Creation of Prompts, Row/Object level security implementation, export to repository, self testing of universe, Development of new Webi reports, connection with universe and creation of report level filter/parameters. Creation of variables/formula.Testing of reports and test environment for testing. New enhancements in existing reports.


Client: Ann Taylor
Role : BO Developer
Project Type : Development
Duration: Feb 2015 to March 2016
Responsibilities:
                       Involved in the design part and development of universe as per requirement. Creation of Universe using BOBI 4.1 designer. In that my work role is designing Star schema, Tables joins, Creating Cascading LOVs. Creating class and object according to user requirement and reports demand. Setting the connection and other parameters. Assigning row and object level security. Resolving Loop/Traps. Exporting and publishing the universe to repository and other valid user. Complex as well as simple report development using Merge Dimension, variable, Alerts, Formulas, Templates etc.
End-User training & documentation handled.

Client: Kiewit Corporation
Role : BO Developer
Project Type : Development 
Duration: Jan 2014 – Feb 2015.
Responsibilities:
				  Crystal report, Webi report and Deski Reports Development. It is a complete 
automation of Inventory System. Worked closely with business users to define reporting 
requirements and documenting the requirements in order to design, develop and maintain 
Business Objects, Web Intelligence. Scheduled and published these reports using CMC. 
Created the reports using Web Intelligence, Webi Rich Client and (LOV) according to the 
user requirement. Developed Webi reports by using advanced functionalities like Optional 
prompts, Data tracking, Merge function, Custom SQL at Report level.

Client: Merck serono
Role : BW Developer
Duration:Mar 2013 – Jan 2014
Project Type : Development
Responsibilities: 
		  Involved in Development of Bex Queries using Calculated Key Figures, 
Restricted key Figures, Free Characteristics, Filters and Variables. Using Bex Analyzer to 
understand if there are any gap in functionality. Involved in analysis mode and design 
mode. Involved in installing Business content Objects like Info Areas, Info Objects, and 
Info cubes, Data Store Objects, Info packages and Data Transfer Process. Creating WebI 
report using Bex Queries and Some time created Universe in IDT with BW system.

