














































SANTHOSH KUMAR KADATHALA
Mobile : 9030161505
Email    :  kadathala.kumar@gmail.com

Objective:                 

A decisive and task oriented professional with 5.0 Years IT extensive experience in
Jira Administration. Good analytical, interpersonal skills and excellent work ethics.
Strong urge to learn new technologies and work on different industry verticals to
have an edge in this competitive world of IT.          

Professional Summary:

 Over All 4.8 years experience in JIRA, Confluence, Crowd, Fisheye, Agile, Service
Desk Support,
       Bitbucket, GIT, GITHUB and Linux Administration and working with Continuous
integration builds 
       Server configurations and management.
 Created complex JIRA workflows including project workflows, field configurations,

screen schemes, permission schemes and notification schemes in JIRA.
 Integrated Jira with AD/LDAP, Crowd for Users and Groups.
 Involved in migration of both Jira and Confluence
 Experience to administer Software Planner ALM for requirements management.
 Preparing documentation plan, estimating work, and assigning work to the team.
 Experience in providing training to development teams on how to track, plan and

analyse using JIRA.
 Coordinating and tracking all projects for seamless releases using Project 

Management System JIRA, Source Code Management System SVN.
 I have very good exposure in Jira, Confluence, Crowd, Bitbucket, Fisheye 

Installation, Configuration, Upgradation, and Migration from Windows to Linux 
environment.

 Actively participated in Scrum meetings, reviews and developed test scenarios.
 Assisted Scrum team in preparing the Sprint backlog.
 Skilled in suggesting appropriate technology-based solutions for enhancing 

functional efficiency and achieving business excellence
 Actively participated in Daily Scrum meeting and Team meetings.
 An effective communicator & negotiator with strong analytical, problem solving

and organizational capabilities
 Proven success during the tenure of current employment.

Career Profile:   
                                        

ORGANISATION DESIGNATION DURATION

Echelon  solutions  Pvt  Ltd
(Mumbai)

Jira Administrator June 2013 to Till Date

                                                            



Educational Qualifications:
   
B.Tech in  Mechanical  (2013)  from AVN institute  of  Engineering and technology  ,
Hyderabad 

                                                   
Achievements:

Awarded  twice  for  my  work  in  the  half-yearly  activity  ‘Rewards  and
Recognition’ and couple of more recognitions from the end customer. 

Technical Skills:
 
Administration Tools :  Jira  Service  Desk,  JIRA  Core,  Jira  Agile
Confluence, GIT.
Application Servers : Tomcat 5.0, JBOSS.
RDBMS : Oracle 9i/10g, 11i, MS-SQL Server 2008.
Operating System :  Windows and Linux.
Version Control Tools : SVN, GIT.

Work Experience:

#1.
Project Title : Meerkat
Client : AMCI
Role : Jira Administrator
Project Duration : Jan-2017 to till date

Roles and Responsibilities:
 Installed Jira in Linux environment.
 Installed and managed Jira, Confluence, Fisheye & Crucible, Oracle, SQL Server 

and Linux.
 Created JIRA Work flows/permission Schema/Screens/ Custom fields Schemes for 

the project as per business needs.
 Created custom workflows and added post functions when required.
 Created users on Crowd Directory and Synced it to Active.
 Created Jira Agile Scrum/Kanban and Service desk Boards.
 Worked on JIRA for tracking and updating the JIRA tickets.
 Additionally, maintained and administered Confluence.
 Created events, email notification schemes and assigned project roles on Jira.
 Worked on Add on such as Tempo, Service desk, Portfolio and Zephyr.
 Created custom dashboards, JQL filters.
 Troubleshooted  JIRA  issues  for  customer  portal  in  Service  desk,  Agents,  and

Users.

 Manage user permissions to tools according to the needs of projects and teams.



 Configured space and page permissions for groups, users in confluence.
 Have done upgradation and migration in Jira.
 Worked on creating Project permission schemes and Providing required 

permissions based on the requests
 Worked on configuring Notification scheme and adding requested people to be 

notified for Issue events.  

#2.
Project Title : GHI Individual Markets
Client : Jonson & Jonson
Role : Jira Administrator
Project Duration : Oct-2015 to Dec-2016

Roles and Responsibilities:
 Responsible for administrating Atlassian Products such as Jira & Confluence.
 Maintaining Jira Instance and resolving end user issues.
 Responsible for creation of custom workflows as per user requirements.
 Creating users, projects and providing required permissions.
 Done migration from one project to other.
 Creating confluence spaces and providing required permissions to users.
 Creating Repositories and configuring to Jira projects.
 Applied application links to all the Atlassian products.
 Installing/updating Jira plugins.
 Configuring Jira gadgets on Dashboards.
 Analyzing logs and identifying root causes for the issues.
 Purging logs and unwanted indexes that were created in Jira instance.

#3.
Project Title : Tubular POC Development
Client : Sumitomo
Role : Jira Administrator
Project Duration : Oct-2014 to Sep-2015

Roles and Responsibilities:
 Installing Jira in both windows and Linux environment.
 Creation of new Jira Projects.
 Responsible for creating new users and groups in Jira.
 Created custom workflows and adding post functions when required.
 Re-indexing the Jira instance when required.
 Responding to incoming requests and inquiries for new tools and workflow 

procedures.
 Prepared projects, dashboards, reports and questions for all JIRA related services.
 Reported performance related issues to management by analysis and tracking of

existing systems.
 Manage user permissions to tools according to the needs of projects and teams.
 Maintaining Jira Instance and resolving end user issues.



Personal Details:
Date of Birth : 24th Jan 1991

Father’s Name : Swamy K

Sex : Male

Marital Status : UnMarried

Languages known : English, Hindi, Telugu

Nationality : India

(Santhosh kumar K)


	Email : kadathala.kumar@gmail.com

