















































                                        CURRICULUM VITAE

Somali Mohanty
C/o S.N. Mohanty, Advocate 
Arunodaya Nagar, Arunodaya Market

Cuttack-753 012 (Orissa)

Ph: 0671-2312995/9861511093  (cell)

Email: mohanty_somali@yahoo.co.in/
           somali.mohanty18@gmail.com

 

 Objective
To apply my specialized knowledge and skills in Back Office Operation of Insurance sector in a fast growing organization requiring skill in processing & documentation
Relevant Experience
As Assistant Manager [Oct 2006–till date] managing the entire processing & documentations  of different Insurance Policies & Notification of Renewal of policy  at  Seashore Group of Companies
Channel Partner of Tata-Aig Life and General Insurance 
Channel Partner of Reliance Life Insurance 
Channel Partner of SBI Life Insurance 
Channel Partner of Birla Sun Life Insurance 
Channel Partner of  Aviva Life Insurance 
Channel Partner of  Oriental General Insurance

Channel Partner of Future  Generalli India Life Insurance

Certifications
Licentiateship in  May 2007 from Insurance Institute of India
Associateship  continuing from Insurance Institute of India
Other Certifications
Diploma in Computer Application  from Kalinga Bikash Computers, Cuttack in the year 2004
Education
Graduated in Arts  with Economics Hons from Ravenshaw College, Cuttack under Utkal University in the year 2002.

Post Graduation in Geography from Utkal University in the year 2004

.
Special Skills
· Managerial skills to take up any assignment given as per skill and working experience.
· Handling Customer Queries through problem solving technique with soft skills on individual basis
· High proficiency in maintaining MIS & Database with Ms –EXCEL. 

Remuneration

Annual Income
: Rs. 220000 p.a

My Personal Details
PAN Number

:  AQMPM3983G
Date of Birth

:  18th January 1982

Gender

:  Female

Marital Status

:  Single

Father's Name

:  Mr. Surendra Nath Mohanty, Advocate, Orissa High Court
Languages

:  English, Hindi and Oriya 

Hobbies & Interest 
:  Reading, Painting,  Travelling, 

   Creative Thinking, Interacting with people
Reference

:  Mr. R. N. Mohanty,   Principal IL&FS Academy, Bhubaneswar




:  Mr. S. P. Das, Centre In Change, RNIS, Bhubaneswar Chapter
 

Place: Cuttack

Date :                                                                                                                   (Somali Mohanty)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

