


















































RESUME




SURESH KUMAR MITTAL
Email: sureshmmittal@gmail.com 
Mobile No: +91 99822 147355






Career Objective:
To  pursue  a  challenging  professional  career  and  to  apply  my  knowledge  in  diverse  and  dynamic  business environment providing opportunities for career advancement while becoming an asset to the team.


Personal Strengths & Skills:
  Systematic approach to work & quick adaptability to new environment are my assets.

  Sharp analytical skills, Determination and Positive attitude.

  Ability to work under pressure to meet stiff deadlines.



Professional Qualification:

	Qualification
	Institute
	Year of Passing

	CA Articleship
	C.A. Articleshio training with G K Jain & Associates, Jaipur
	1994 to 1997




Educational Qualification:

	Qualification
	Institution / University
	Year of Passing

	B.Com
	University of  Rajasthan (M K Saboo College, Pilani)
	1994

	Sr. Sec. (12th) (Comm.)
	Raj. Board of Secondary Education, Ajmer
	1990

	Sec. (10th)
	Raj. Board of Secondary Education, Ajmer
	1988




Computer Proficiency:

   Working  knowledge  with  MS-Office  applications,  Tally ERP,  Internet Operations,  etc.



Extra Curricular Activities:

  Participated in various social, cultural and sport activities.


Work Experience:
(1) Royal Jewellers    (Post Accounts Manager)
 (Since 2008 to Till Date)
(2) Garg Jewellers   (Post Accounts Manager)
 (Since 2008 to Till Date)
(3) Neuro Digit (India) Private Limited  (Post Accounts Manager)
 (Since 2008 to Till Date)
(4)  K B Narnolisons  (Post Accounts Manager)
 (Since 2005 to 2018) 
(5) Anupam Engineering Works (Post Accounts Manager)
 (Since 2005 to Till Date)
(6) Haritsons Group (Post Accounts Manager)
(Since 1998 to 2005)
Job description:-
· Maintaining of Books of Accounts.
· Preparing the statement for Service Tax Collection for the month and get it deposited in govt. account in time
· Handle Banks, control of debtors & creditors
· File ITR/GST on time.
· Generating the report of TDS deducted by company from payment of various vendors and TDS deducted by other companies from our payments.
· Depositing of TDS on time and ensuring collection of TDS certificates from various accounting centres for the TDS amount deducted from our payment.
· Keep Records of TDS, Service Tax, VAT & GST other liable tax on monthly & quarterly basis.
· Coordinating with all the regions regarding Accounts related matters.
· Generating the Schedules and preparing of Profit & Loss A/c.
· Finalization of financial statements.
· Finalizing of Balance Sheet.

Personal Profile:

	Date of Birth
	25th June 1974
	Language
	Hindi & English

	Father’s Name
	Late Shri P M Mittal
	Interest
	Listening old Music

	Nationality
	Indian
	Sex
	Male

	
Correspondent
Address
	B-25, S-2, Radha Vihar,
New Sanganer road, Jaipur
	Marital
 Status
	
Married





Date: 

Place: Jaipur                                                                         (Suresh Kumar Mittal)

