














































55, ECR, Ganapathychettykulam 

Puducherry, 605014 

+919442105532 

aswaum@gmail.com 

AUMPRAGASH G 

OBJECTIVE  A self-organized, an excellent communicator and a committed software developer, developing 

large-scale robust system using multiple languages and system in a growing software developing 

firm.    

SUMMARY   1 Year 11 Months of experience in Java, J2EE, MVC Struts1.3, Struts 2.3, Struts 2.5, JSF, Dot 

Net MVC, JDBC, Hibernate, PostgreSql, MySQL and AngularJs. 

 Ability to self-starter and as well as a team environment. 

 Excellent developer, very good trouble shooting and problem solving skills. Can swiftly 

grasp new tools and technologies. 

 Complemented with good technical Knowledge and communication skill. 

TECHNICAL SKILLS   Coding Languages              :  Java, C#, J2EE, Struts 2, JSF, Dot Net MVC, Hibernate. 

Web technologies               :  Html, Css, Jquery, AngularJs, Bootstrap. 

Tools                                   :  Net beans IDE, Eclipse, and Visual Studio 2015. 

Database                  :  Postgresql, MySQL. 

EXPERIENCE 

SUMMARY 

 Title       : Puduvaicalal an eGovernance web based work flow system application. 
Role                             : Java Programmer / Developer. 
Environment      : MVC Struts 2 and Postgresql. 
Timeline       : Jan 2016 – July 2016. 
Client             : Department of revenue and Disaster Management, Puducherry. 
Objective      : Puduvaicalal is an eGovernance application, helps the department to have a 
fair, transparent and effective functioning of the Excise machinery. It is a web based work flow 
system developed under MVC Framework with struts2 and Postgresql. 
 
Title       : Single Window Portal License Management (License Soft). 
Role                             : Java Programmer / Developer. 
Environment      : MVC Struts 2 and Postgresql. 
Timeline       : August 2016 – December 2016. 
Client             : Department of revenue and Disaster Management, Puducherry. 
Objective      : License soft is a Single Window Application for issuing and applying for 
licensee, helps the department to have a fair, transparent and effective functioning of the 
collectorate machinery. It is a web based work flow system developed under MVC Framework with 
struts2 and Postgresql. 
 
Title       : Puduvaicalal e-Auction for delivering Government Auctions. 
Role                             : Java Programmer / Developer. 
Environment      : Struts 2, Hibernate, Postgresql. 
Timeline       : Jan 2017 – April 2017. 
Client             : Department of revenue and Disaster Management, Puducherry. 



Page 2 

Objective      : e-Auction is a web based application for delivering a powerful, efficient and 
simple model for bidding and multiple bidding. It is a transparent, light weighted and effective 
application for excise machinery. 
 
Title       : Metrology For Delivering Metrology Department Process. 
Role                             : Java Programmer / Developer. 
Environment      : Struts 2, Hibernate, AngularJs, Postgresql. 
Timeline       : May 2017 – July 2017. 
Client             : Department of revenue and Disaster Management, Puducherry. 
Objective      : Metrology is an Application for issuing and applying for licensee, Certificate 
and Renewal helps the department to have a fair, transparent and effective functioning of the 
metrology machinery. 
 
Title       : Ease of doing business at Puducherry. 
Role                             : Programmer / Developer. 
Environment      : Dot Net 4.5, MVC, Entity Framework 6.0. 
Timeline       : August 2017 – Present. 
Objective      : The online portal aims to provide the real time application service and 
tracking of the service of the puducherry business implementations. 

EDUCATION  COURSE INSTITUTION UNIVERSITY YEAR OF 
PASSING 

CGPA 

Bachelor of 
Technology 

(Information 
Technology) 

Perunthalaivar Kamarajar 
Institute of Engineering and 

Technology, Karaikal. 

 

Pondicherry 
University 

 

2015 

 

7.31 

 

PERSONAL 

PROFILE 

 Father’s Name          : Gnanaguru K. 

Mother’s Name        : Kalyani G. 

Date of Birth             : 18.03.1994. 

Nationality                : Indian. 

Languages Known  : Tamil, English, and Telugu. 

   

DECLARATION 

I hereby declare that the above furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge. 

Place: Puducherry 

Date:                                                                                                                                                            

  (AUMPRAGASH G) 


