
















































                              Curriculum Vitae

AZIM NIZAMUDDIN SHAIKH	                                                                        

E-Mail:- azim.shaikh1@gmail.com 					Mobile No:- +91-9028305455
Career Objective:
To join the organization where i can utilize my knowledge to gain experience and enhance my skills and achieve both personal as well as company’s goal with utmost sincerity.
Educational Qualifications:  
	Examination
	School/College
	Board/University
	Passing Year

	B.Com
	Poona college of Art’s Science and Commerce 
	Pune University 
	Mar-2013

	Higher  Secondary
	Poona college of Art’s Science and Commerce
	Affiliated from  Maharashtra state Board
	Feb-2009

	High School
	Maharashtra state Board
	Affiliated from  Maharashtra state Board
	Mar-2007


        



        
   
	
Work Experience:
Mphasis Ltd. Pune from  27th September, 2014 – Till date
Desigation:- Transaction Process analyst
1. Quality checks of 3rd parties working for clients
· Quality check of order whether loaded correctly and mark them according quality parameters and rectify
· Quality check about active services and contracts
· Quality check about loyalty and online/retail offer given correctly
· Checks about accounts termination and house move
2. Drafting the e-mails to customer about:
· Delivery of orders
· Offers for customers
· Service availability query
· Termination of bad payer
· Contract of customer
· Resolve House-move queries
· Equipment queries and Delivery of product
3. Termination of accounts
· Responsible for checking of customer’s account, contract, overdues and charge the fee as per contract.
4. Verify Bank details of customers.
5. Feedback of customer’s queries.

Technical Skills:
· MS Office :-  Excel, Word, PowerPoint & Outlook
·  MS-CIT Course has pursue with First Class
· Tally ERP Course has pursue with Second Class
Hobbies:
· Playing Cricket, Table tennis, Carrom
· Surfing Internet 
·  Making New Friend
Personal Details:
Name			: AZIM NIZAMUDDIN SHAIKH
D.O.B			: 05-01-1992
Permanent Address	: Flat no. 11/B, Royal Court Society, Near Bhairavnath Mandir, Kondhwa Khurd, Pune - 411048.
Language Known	: English, Hindi & Marathi
Marital Status 		: Married
Passport		: Yes
       
Declaration
	I hereby declare that the above information given by me is correct and best of my knowledge.
Place:  PUNE									
Date:									
									
AZIM NIZAMUDDIN SHAIKH



