













































Resume


 

 

 

                                ARAGONDA RUPESH 

                  Phone: 9182902023   | Email: rupesharagonda.143@gmail.com  

Add: Near Aaradhana bakery, Govt. Scholl main road, B. Narayapura, Bangalore-560016.  

  

 

CAREER OBJECTIVE: 

I want to work with an energetic team in a healthy corporate environment where I can improve 

my work abilities by utilizing them up to their maximum extent. 

SUMMURY: 

 Developed my final year project as an instrument for measuring the petrol level in 

Generators at RL Technologies Pvt Ltd. 

 Excellent analytical and logical programming skills with a good understanding at the 

conceptual level. 

 Ability to work in a dynamic environment and under pressure situations. 
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND: 

        
Examination Passed Name of 

Board/University 

Name of 

School/College 

Year of 

Passing 

Percentage 

Secured 

 

B. Tech 

(ECE) 

 

JNTU Anathapuramu 

Siddharth Institute 

of Engineering  and 

Technology 

 

2018 

 

74.56% 

 

 

Intermediate 

 

 

Board of 

Intermediate 

Education AP 

 

Sri Chaitanya Jr 

college 

 

 

2014 

 

95.7% 

 

S.S.C 

 

Board of secondary 

Education AP 

 

 

Z.P.H. School  

 

2012 

 

8.8 CGPA 

 

SKILLS: 

 Programming Languages   : Basic C programming, Embedded C. 

 Operating Systems             : Windows 7/8.1/10. 

 Computer skills         : MS office, Power point, Excel. 

 Micro controllers               : Arduino, PIC. 

CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES: 

 Awarded as a Treasurer for student Association event at Siddharth Institute of 

Engineering and technology. 

 Participated and got First prize in District level Essay writing competition. 

 Participated in Financial Literacy program, encourage people to use Digital payments. 

 Acted as team leader for my academic project. 



 

 

 

ACADEMIC PROJECT: 

Title:    Smart Garbage Monitoring System Using IoT. 

Description: This project basically used to identify level of the dust be filled in dustbins at 

particular locations, this information monitor by Authorized person, if dustbin full then they will 

replace with new one. By using this project easily Municipal corporations can know at which 

location dustbin full and level of dust is filled in it. 

MAIN PROJECT: 

Title:    Smart level transmitter Using IoT. 

Description: This project basically used to identify level of petrol is available in generators, this 

information shared to authorized person. By using this project generator operators can easily 

know how much volume of petrol present in generator through wireless information to the 

mobile. 

HOBBIES: 

 Listening songs. 

 Internet surfing. 

PERSONAL PROFILE: 

Name                           :       Aragonda Rupesh 

Father’s Name                          :       A. Munirathnam Reddy 

Date of Birth     :       05-07-1997  

Gender     :       Male 

Marital Status                       :       Single 

Nationality                               :       Indian 

Linguistic Proficiency   :       Telugu & English 

DECLARATION: 

I hereby declare that all the above furnished information and particulars are true to the best of my 

knowledge. 

 

Place: Bangalore 

Date:   .             Aragonda Rupesh 

  


