








































Priyadharshini.G



             
Mobile - +91-9789683556
Email – priyadharshiniguna94@gmail.com
Teradata Developer  

 OBJECTIVE
To secure a challenging and responsible career in a reputed organization and give my best and to achieve a good position being a part of the growth of the organization. 
STRENGTH
· Strong skills in SQL, Teradata, Datastage, Linux.
· Experience in ETL Design and development using Teradata load utilities (BTEQ, MLOAD, FASTLOAD, FASTEXPORT, and TPUMP), Data stage.
· Experience in Teradata SQL performance tuning.
· Have Experience in Monitoring in Batches.

· Good knowledge in Teradata basics, Joins, OLAP functions and Tools.
· Understanding of the principles of Data Warehousing using fact tables, dimension tables and star/snowflake schema modelling.

· Involved in the development of various transformation to load the data in slowly changing dimensions

· Experience with development, testing, debugging, implementation, documentation and production support.

· Experience in all the phases of Project – Design, Development, UT, ST, SIT, UAT

· Automation/Scheduling crontab through Linux server.

· Very good understanding in Data Normalization Rules.

· Determine root cause and recommend solution, Review and validate recommended problem fix.
· Analyzing of business rules and issues and provide a strategic solution for the same.
· Analyzing the root cause for the issues in production and fixing it permanently
· Hands on experience in Incident, Problem Management and Change management by using BMC remedy Tool.
· Have worked cordially with various teams, have maintained good rapport with all the teams including on site, third party & vendor and maintained SLA.
· Had gone above and beyond call of duty and also worked on multiple weekends to complete and resolve/fix the bugs/issues, this shows my flexibility, passion and contribution towards the account & project.
· Backtracking of Data Quality Issue with proper analysis.

WORK EXPERIENCE
	DXC Technology (CSC+HPE ES)
	 3 years  (Aug 2015 – At Present (HP+HPE+DXC))                                                                      Data Engineer

	Role & Responsibility
	Responsible for ETL Design and Development of Wholesale Data Repository for Telstra Account (Largest Telecom Company in Australia).

Data modeling, Design and development for TWM Reporting in WDR:

· Incorporation of end to end designing for Cubic car Reporting using modelling sheet. Developing of end to end script for the processing of data from CDRlive source and facilitating loading of data for reporting in the PDM tables.
· Tools: Ervin for designing, Linux shell scripting for polling, pulling and processing, Datastage for ETL, Teradata Load utilities for loading and SQL for reporting.
WDR Performance tuning:

· Identification of jobs with poor performance in data stage and converting them into BTEQ and Mload scripts with the same functional logic and having very less processing time. 
· Tools: Linux server for running, TERADATA BTEQ and Mload.
Other Projects Handled : 

1)  NTT, NBN, CCR – End to end ETL development and Testing. 

2) Developed A job to avoid the sequence missing in a TROAM files
3) Impact analysis of existing complex ETL design and performing attribute changes as per requirements and performing data validation. 




TECHNICAL SKILLS


	Databases
	Teradata (14.10) , 
MS SQL Server [knowledgeable]

	ETL Tools
	IBM Datastage V8.5 [knowledgeable]

	Programming
	SQL , Shell Scripting

	Testing
	HP-QC

	Operating Systems
	Linux, Unix, Windows


TRAINING CERTIFICATION
· Trained on informatica at Hewlett Packard Global soft pvt ltd.
· Also have good knowledge on programming languages- Linux and Shell Scripting.

 ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
	Degree/Class
	Year
	Institution/School
	University/Board
	Percentage

	Electronics and Communication Engineering
	2015
	KGiSL Institute of technology Anna university Coimbatore

	Anna University
	             82%

	Higher Secondary
	2011
	Vidhyaa vikas girls higher secondary school
	TN State board
	93%

	Secondary
	2009
	Vidhyaa vikas girls higher secondary school
	TN State board
	96%


PERSONAL DETAILS 
Father's Name
              :    Gunasekaran R
Marital status
              :    Married
Language Proficiency        :    English, Tamil, Telugu
Present Address                 :    Yelankha, Bangalore
Declaration: I hereby declare that all the above information are true and correct up to my knowledge.
Place: Bangalore







(Priyadharshini G)
Phone: +91 9789693556 | Email: priyadharshiniguna94@gmail.com  

