


































SHUBHAM SINGH
Hyderabad, Telangana 

shubhams7869@gmail.com
+91 8118804572/ +91 7597248028 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

Capgemini Technology Services India Pvt. Ltd. December 2016 - Present
Software Developer, Hyderabad, Telangana

 Worked as a developer in a team of 8 to develop the webservices in spring and applications 
in JAVA swing.

 Development for the leading financial firm of the US.

EDUCATION 

Rajasthan Technical University, Kota, Rajasthan          2012 - 2016
 B.Tech. in Computer Science and Engineering 
 Courses: Algorithms · Theory of Computation · DBMS · Compiler Construction · Object 

Oriented Design and Programming · Artificial Intelligence · Computer Graphics.

SKILLS 

 Languages: Core Java, J2EE, C++, JavaScript, JSP
 Integrated Development Environment: Eclipse, Spring Tool Suite, Visual Studio
 Operating Systems: Linux, Windows
 Database: Mysql
 Game Engine: Unity3D
 Others: HTML, CSS, OpenGL, JS
 Build tools: Maven, Gradle

CERTIFICATIONS 

OCJP April 2017 
Oracle Certified Java Professional: SE7 

PROJECTS 

Portal to validate Webservice
July 2018

 Internally used by the team for validating the service on one click
 Creates JWT token and appends the request to the URL(Webservices).
 Fetches the response from multiple webservices.
 Works for both HTTP/HTTPS without Checking SSL certificates.
 Technologies used: Java, Spring

Enterprise Common Component
November 2017

 Created a webservice to fetch SSN details for an account from multiple JVMs.
 Service is used by multiple applications throughout the Organisation.

mailto:shubhams7869@gmail.com


 Technologies used: Spring, Java EE

Call Center Application
August 2017

 Call center agents can view and update consumer details on consumer request.
 Connecting with IVR program to get the Account/Card number, and then populates the 

details.
 Fetches the details from multiple webservices.
 Application was developed for a leading financial sector organization in US.
 Technologies used: Java Swing, Spring

University Admission System
March 2017

 Students can view and apply for particular programmes offered by the university.
 Member of admission committee can view, accept and reject applications. And, can schedule

the interview for accepted applications.
 Admin can manage the programmes and students’ applications.
 Technologies used: JEE, Spring, JSP, MySQL, Javascript, CSS

Complexity Analysis for N queens algorithm 
November 2015 

 Created a graphics program in C++ to represent the N queens solution. Analysed the N 
queens algorithm for O(1) complexity. 

 Technologies used:  OpenGL, C++.

Development of Software for Image Processing 
June 2015 

 Training project in DRDO. Used Java Swing for developing software for Image Processing.
  Program is able to perform following Operation: 

Manipulating Brightness, Converting the image to Grayscale, Negative, Creating 
Histogram for the image, Typing text on the image.

 Technologies Used: Core JAVA, Swing.

Scientific Calculator 
April 2014 

 Created graphical interface for Calculator. It is able to calculate algebraic expressions 
following the BODMAS rule. 

 Technologies Used: C++, BGI (Borland Graphics Interface)


