












































“Shri Ganesh Smrati”

“Shri Ganesh Smrati”



Ph.No.   :    0731-2620534 [R]

House No. 97,




Cell No. :   09827537979

Tirupati Nagar,

 


Email ID :  sanjeevmundra@indiatimes.com

Aerodrome Road,

Indore [ M.P. ] - 452005

INDIA

                                                      Sanjeev Mundra

Objective :
My inner voice always wishes to work for an organization that is driven by excellence, quality of work and believes in optimum outputs based on employee’s loyalty, dedication and work ethics. As I have an experience of 16 years in accounts department, I’m confident that I can perform at my best level. I've a keen desire to perform my responsibilities effectively and for this I would try my level best to achieve my goals & my efforts will results for the betterment of the organization.

Education :     
   Diploma in Finance & Tax Management from Devi Ahilya       

                        
   University, Indore [M.P.]  With 1st division


     

   Bachelor in Commerce from Devi Ahilya University, Indore [M.P.] 

                                 with 2nd division.

               Higher Secondary [Commerce] from M.P. Board, Bhopal with 

               1st  division.

Experience :     
   16 Years in performing Accounting Functions




    Presently  working  as  an  Sr.Officer (Accounts)  with  one  of  the  fast 

    growing reputed Company, Ruchi Strips & Alloys Ltd., Indore engaged 

    in manufacturing of C.R. Coil & Sheets and having various branches in

    


    India with a turnover of Rs.600 Crore.


From August 2005.




      Here I’m looking after  Service Tax, Excise Duty,Raw Material & 
                                    Store Purchase Accounting work in SAP atmosphere.

Job Responsibilities : 





 - Passing of All Raw Material & Store Purchase Bills after 

                                             verification of related Purchase department.





- Accounting entry of Raw Material & Store Purchase Bills




- Coordinating in release of payments of parties of Store 

                                             Purchase Suppliers.





- Reconciliation of Account of Raw Material & Store 

                                             Purchase Supplier.





- Calculation of Service Tax on Freight Inward & Outward 

                                             & prepare sheet for the purpose of Service tax depositing
                                                                                                                                           --    Contd. -2-

                                                                    - 2 -





- Release of payment of Transporter with the help of 

                                             Logistic Department.





- Reconciliation of Cenvat Payable & Receivable.

                                          - Accounting entries of Import Purchase & Custom Duty




- Detail work out for Accounts Department as a when 

                                              required.





- Provide details for Balance Sheet purpose.

From Dec.03 to July.05
-

                      

 M/s. Sarveshree  Industries  Pvt.  Ltd., Indore engaged in 

                                           manufacturing and sale of C.T.D. Bar  under  the  brand  

                                           name of “Shree Top”  Tested  saria and looked after all 

                                           accounting work up to finalization independently.

From Sep.94 to Nov.03
-

                      

 M/s. Flour & Food Ltd. A reputed company engaged in 

                                           manufacturing and Sale of  Wheat   Product   under  the 

                                            brand   name   of   “Gold  Medal” based  at   Indore   as  

                                            Accounts Executive and looked after following function of 

                                            the Company -
                           

   -  Supervision of routine accounting work.

                                             -   Bank transaction and Bank reconciliation.

                            

   -   Preparation of Daily and Monthly MIS.


                  
               -   Monitoring of Raw Material Supplier’s Accounts 

                                                 (Passing of all raw material bills and coordinating in 

                                                 release of payments of parties of raw materials)  and 

                                                dealing with Auditors.


          

              -  All accounting function up to finalization with the help of 

                                              Computerised Accounting System like Foxpro, Tally, 

                                               Window Lotus, Excel etc.

1993- 94
-

                      

M/s. R.D. Joshi & Co., Chartered Accountants

                                                  - 1 &1/2  years as trainee Audit Assistant. During this  

                                                     Period I have handled statutory audits of various  

                                                     Companies, Firms, Trusts, Hospitals & Schools.

Mar.94 to Sept.94
-

                          

M/s. Amreet Aluminium, Indore

                                               -  Looked after all accounting work up to finalization 

                                                   Independently.

Language Known :

English, Hindi

Personal Details :


Father’s Name -     Late Shri Ganeshnarayanji Mundra






Date of Birth   -     July 26, 1971






Marital Status -      Married






Nationality     -       Indian

