
























































India Resume Format

	
	
	
	



Anshita Bang
	Qualification Highlights



	4.9 years of extensive experience in IT as Associate.

Cognizant L0 Banking Certified.

2 years of experience in Database Production Support and SQL development.

Strong SQL and Database skills.

1.7 years experience in Big-data project implementation using  Hadoop eco systems: HDFS, Pig, Sqoop, Flume, Hive for scalability and distributed computing.

Knowledge of workflow/schedulers like Oozie.

Development on Linux/Unix platforms.

Utilized Apache Hadoop environment by Cloudera
Understanding and experience of banking domain.

	Experience


Working as an Associate in Cognizant Technology Solutions, Pune, Jan 2014- till date
Worked as an intern at Kratin LLC, Nagpur, Aug 2012 to Mar 2013
           

		Education and Certifications




	Title of the Degree with Branch
	College/University
	Year of Passing

	Bachelor of Engineering
(Computer Science)
	RTMNU
	2013

	
	
	

	Technical Skills

	Hardware / Platforms
	Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8, Linus Cent OS

	Technology
	Oracle, Hadoop 

	Programming  Languages
	SQL,PL/SQL 

	Databases
	Oracle, HDFS,SQL Server

	Tools Used
	             PL/SQL developer, SQL Server, TOAD Oracle, Cloudera(CHD3,CDH5)

	
	


	Certifications and Trainings



Cognizant Internal L0 certification in Banking and Finance Services 
Cognizant Internal Dovetail Exams



	Relevant Project Experience


Organization:   Cognizant Technology Solutions

1. BFS PMO 
Duration       –       March 2017 – Present
Environment--      Hadoop, Apache Pig, Hive, Sqoop, Flume, Oozie, Spark Scala and Linux

	Project        --   Abstract
	The purpose of the project is to store terabytes of log information generated by the source providers as part of the analysis and extract meaningful information out of it. The solution is based on the open source Big Data software Hadoop. The data will be stored in Hadoop file system and processed using Map Reduce jobs, which intern includes getting the raw data, process the data to obtain controls and redesign/change history information, extract various reports out of the controls history and export the information for further processing.



Role
· Involved in Design and Development of technical specifications using Hadoop technology.
· Involved in moving files generated from various sources to HDFS for further processing .
· POC: PIG scripts to process the HDFS data. Pre-processing using Hive and Pig. 
· Created Hive tables to store the processed results in a tabular format.
· Hive optimization techniques
· Monitoring Hadoop scripts which take the input from HDFS and load the data into Hive.
· Configuration of HDFS with SSIS 

2. DERIVATIVES TRADE DATABASE

Duration   –          September 2014 – January 2017
Client        --          Credit-Suisse
Technology–        Oracle PL/SQL
Tools        –           PL/SQL developer, TOAD
	Project           Abstract 
	It is a Front Office cash settlement system and business services applications.
DTD (Derivatives Trade-Flow Database) is distributed database for the Credit Suisse – Investment banking which stores derivative Tradeflow information across all regions. Various Trade Capture applications such as Doman, TerraFirma filters derivatives trade data using business rules through data services layer & stores into Derivatives Trade-Flow Database.DTD is distributed database having three data centers - any changes performed in trade data in any of the data center is replicated to other servers through oracle streams – keeping them synchronized.

Front Office Cash Sourcing is responsible for providing appropriate Cash Flows for different financial instruments booked in Derivatives Trade-Flow Database. These Cash-Flows details are used for the completion of settlement process. The Front Office Cash Sourcing system is connected to Risk Systems which ultimately provides Cash flow data to Front Office Cash system.



Role                       
· Coordination with various cross-functional teams to ensure seamless functional flow for                                  business requirements
· Debugging the existing code (java) for bugs.
· Communicating with the client and getting input for new requirements.
· Oracle SQL PL/SQL debugging and optimization.
· My roles involve creation of various database objects such as Stored Procedures,                      Functions, Views etc.
	



	Contact Details



Date of Birth:                            29th July,1991

Gender         :                            Female

Mobile No.   :	                        +917720966605
			           +919422331482

E-mail           :                            anshitabang@gmail.com



               
	
	
	



