





































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURRICULUM VITAE
Machut Lamlang Khayai

H.no. D 127/2, 1st floor

Mohammadpur
Near Bhikaji Cama Place



Email: lkmachut@gmail .com

New Delhi-110066




Contact no.9711163279
Career Objective
To obtain a position that will enable me to use my strong organizational skills, educational background, and ability to work well with people. 
Educational Qualification

	Course
	University/college
	Year of Passing 
	Rank

	B.Sc
	St. Joseph College’s of Arts & Science, Bangalore 
	2008
	First

	PUC
	Sacred Heart Hr.Sec School, Manipur
	2004
	Second



	HSLC
	Savio School from Manipur
	2002
	Second


Working Experience
1. Working as a Sr. Insurance Associate in MetLife, GOSC, Greater Noida from 28th Dec 2009 to 2nd July 2011

	Transaction Processing / Reporting Process



	Tool Used  
	Linus, DNSS system, Cbit, DNSS Lotus Notes, ARS.



	Role
	Updating various customer phone no., address changes and the call inquiry. Making report on the internal and external customers.



	Description
	Processing the customer query regarding the address change, phone number and other insurance policy. Pulling various report on the basis of monthly, weekly and quarterly from the application and sending through email to the states site.




2.
Worked as a Defined Benefit Associate in FIDELITY Investment Business Service Pvt. Limited, Bangalore from Aug.07th 2008 to Nov.11th 2009

	Customer Pension Calculation profiling Process


	Tool Used  
	DBCS engine, Corresponding manager, Client spreadsheet, Dash board manager, FPRS, Benefit Work station(BWS), Focus retrieval.

	Domain
	Processing the internal or external request for Defined Benefit Pension Amount. 

	Role
	· Interact with clients to solve their queries/concern.

· Conducting research on the US treasury rate and PBGC interest rate.
· Researching various clients plan rules in order to check the customer is eligible his retirement amount.
· Frequently research on customer database that in which plan the customer is participating.

	Description


	Process is a defined benefit pension amount calculation process that how much the customer will receive his benefit after his retirement or at the age of 65 i.e NRD. Using different kind of plan rules formula and Actuarial Equivalent we calculated the benefit amount and extract the lit from the Lit manager and email it to the customer.



Achievement in Fidelity

· Got  ZERO defect Award 
· Getting on the Spot Award for training to my junior on process.

· Get CERT on the process through States sites.

Computer Knowledge

· Diploma in Computer Application for 6 months course ( Ms Excel, Ms Dos, Ms Access, Power point, Ms word and Tally Accounting)

Hobbies

· Listening to Music, Watching TV and Travelling
Strength

· Hard working, adaptability and quick learner.
Personal Profile

Name 


: 

Machut Lamlang Khayai

Date of Birth

: 

03-02-1987

Father’s Name

: 

Wungnaosui Lamlang Khayai

Marital Status

: 

Single

Nationality

: 

Indian

Religion 

: 

Christianity

Languages Known
: 

English, Hindi and Nagamese.

Declaration

I hereby declare that the above cited are true to best of my knowledge and belief.
Date:

Place: New Delhi




(Machut Lamlang Khayai)

