















































CURRICULUM VITAE 

 

 

SWAPNIL SUNIL WAGHMARE 

 

 

Date of Birth: 06/08/1992 

Email id: swapnil.waghmare06@gmail.com 

Mobile No.: 9664991082 

Present/Permanent Address: 

2/2 Bilkis banu chawl, Ganesh marg, 

Hariyalli Village, Vikhroli (E), Mumbai-400083. 

 
 

 

 

 

 
 

 

  

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

Pursuing PGDM-Hybrid from  L. N. Welingkar Institute of Management 

Development & Research , Mumbai. (Batch - Jan,2017-2019). 

 
 Project on Intercontinental Hotel, During Last Year of Graduation. 

 Project on Amar Textiles at Chandigarh During Industrial Visit. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Well Versed with MS Office Suite (Word, Power Point & Excel) 

 Well Versed with Tally ERP 9 

 Well Versed with Windows XP, Windows 7, & Windows 8.1 

 

 

Degree College Board/University Percentage Year 

B.M.S  Wilson College, Girgaon Chowpati Mumbai 56% 2013 

H.S.C. Sandesh College, Vikhroli Maharashtra 54% 2010 

S.S.C. Sandesh College, Vikhroli Maharashtra 55% 2008 

Graduation in Management Studies (B.M.S)         Specialization: Marketing 

 

 

 

 

Academic Projects: 
 

 

 

            Information Technology Skills 
 



      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 HDFC LIFE :-                                                                                 Oct-2014 to Apr 2015 

Worked as a DIRECT SALES MANAGER 

 Worked on Appointments. 

 Meeting People and explaining Insurance and Investment Plans. 

 Handling H&I Clients, Reporting to Branch Manager. 

 HDFC SALES:-                      Oct-2015 to till  Date 
 

 Making Relationships with Agents/Property Dealers in territory (Thane/Mumbai) . 

 Keeping relationships with the Builders and sales office staff for Home Loan Leads. 

 Working on appointments. 

 Meeting customers and explaining them about Home loan. 

 Achieving Monthly Targets. 
 

 Credit Underwriting Skills:- 
 

  Oversee the entire lending process, including the initial application and review,  
Underwriting and the disbursal or denial of the request. 

  Many factors come into play in deciding whether a credit request is approved -- income,  
Employment history, debt-to-income ratio and information contained in an applicant’s personal credit history  
report are a few. 

 excellent communication skills so that I can interact effectively with customers and co-workers  
During the application process 
 

 Following are the Important and Required Skills By Credit Manager :- 

1. Maintain the corporate credit policy. 
2. Recommend changes in the credit policy to senior management. 
3. Create a credit scoring model. 
4. Manage customer credit files. 
5. Monitor the credit granting and updating process. 
6. Accept or reject the staff's credit recommendations. 
7. Personally investigate the largest customer credit applications. 
8. Personally visit the largest customers to establish relations. 
9. Monitor periodic credit reviews. 
10. Monitor deductions being taken by customers. 
11. Manage the application of late fees. 
12. Manage the corporate financing program. 

 

 

 
 

 

 

Professional Experience:  
 

 



 

 

 

 2nd Position in cricket (University Level) 

 1st Price in Acting (School and Jr. College Level) 

 Participation in Thomas Cook Marathon at Girgaon, Mumbai 
 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 Coordinator for Adorea (College Festival) 

 Sports Head (Cricket-B.M.S Dept. of Wilson College,Mumbai) 
 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 Lyrics Writing 

 Playing Cricket, Swimming. 

 Playing Drums, Snooker. 

 

 

I confirm that, the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Date:      /     /          

Signature 

 

 
 

                                      [ SWAPNIL S WAGHMARE]  

Achievements: 
 
 

 

 

Extra-Curricular activities:  
 

 

 

Hobbies & Interest: 


