
















































Mohit Kumar Ratti

Phone: 7760414983                                                                                              Email: MohitRatti1@gmail.com


Work  Experience 
Java Professional with experience in development and testing of web applications using selenium, currently working for WIPRO Technologies Ltd
Good hands on Oracle database with 3 years of experience in Java environment
Along with building web applications using spring, servlets & jsp, simultaneously involved in applications code fixing, maintenance and defect testing.
Interactive Dashboard development using Tableau, HTML, JavaScript with  experience in development of complex reports in Tableau
Worked on test automation framework using Selenium tool for several web apps.

Education
Chitkara University									Baddi, H.P
B.E in Electronics & Communication							2009-13

S.N. SR. SEC. Model School	                                                             Chandigarh
CBSE Affiliated Class X, XII								2007, 2009

SKills / Technologies
Technical Skills:
· Programming Languages		  Core Java, J2EE
· Middle tier development		   Spring Core, MVC
· ORM  technologies			   Hibernate
· Data Modeling			   XML, XSD
· Presentation technology		   JSP  
· Scripting Language/Framework	   Java Script 
· Relational Databases		   Oracle, MY SQL 
· IDEs					   Eclipse
· Database Tools		              Toad For Oracle
· Server				    Apache-Tomcat, Jboss
· Operating System			   Windows

Project   profiles
Project 1
	
Project Name      
	: Telcordia Iconnectiv

	Client
	: Ericsson

	Role
	: Java Developer L2

	Environment
	: Java, Spring 3.0, Oracle, HTML JavaScript

	Duration
	:
	: July 2016 – Till Date

	
	
	



Description

      Telcordia Technologies, Inc., doing business as iconectiv, is an American subsidiary of the Swedish telecommunications company Ericsson.
      The company provides interconnection technology and clearinghouse solutions for numbering plan, routing, call billing, and technical standards coordination between competing telecommunications carriers.

Job Responsibility

Worked on web application development using backend technologies Java, Spring.
Currently working on development of application heath monitoring tool, dashboard designing and development for several iconnectiv applications using Spring Boot,Spring Security 
Worked on integration of Spring apps with other frameworks like JPA/Hibernate ORM/Struts.
Worked on test automation tool Selenium Webdriver and IDE, Firebug, Xpath.
Executed automation scripts on different browsers & reported defects/results to the team
Expertise in Selenium automation using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, TestNg & Maven
Tested and integrated Web services using in the project.
Well versed with SQLOracle database, Unix commands and Tomcat.
Worked on Rest web services to fetch data as per requirement.
Experience on version control using SVN, CVS.



PROJECT 2:

	Project Name
	: BIDS-CPR

	Client
	: CISCO, U.S.A.

	Role
	: Java Developer L1

	Environment
	: Tableau, Oracle, Java/J2ee

	Duration
	:
	July 2014 – June 2016

	
	
	




Description

Working knowledge of how various web applications function in real time and how team is constantly making efforts by providing analysis on various reported issues/bugs also providing resolution to the end customer or CIN agents or end customers.



Job Responsibility

Developer Operations Role in Cisco BIDS-CPR 
Central Profile Repository grouped under Business Intelligence design solutions vertical
is a ten members team, working on Agile based methodology. 

As the name suggests CPR repository contains all the data related to user profile and managing the attributes values, moving to downstream or upstream Boundary Systems.
Developing, supporting, assisting from both operations as well as development perspective and be a part of deployments or release activities and thereafter fixing the issues observed in applications.

As per client requirement from time to time, contributed actively on various development assignments using Java/J2EE and spring. To keep a check on application health and analyze the trends with defects/issues, application health monitoring and complete insight of activities performed by CPR team, have effectively contributed towards the requirement for dashboard development for senior management to consider crosscutting measures.

Responsibilities as a Developer

· Developed web apps to automate the profile change request for bulk users.
· Log monitoring and providing daily reports or suggestions to the Client during standup meeting.
· Engage in defect fixing by providing suggestions and code fix for issues reported in every iteration based on Agile methodology.
· Worked on web services and writing complex sql queries.
· Designed, developed and implemented dashboard using Tableau Business Intelligence tool.

Work In Tableau 


· Designed, developed and implemented Tableau Business Intelligence reports.
· Understand Requirement, Analyzing Systems and Source Databases.  
· Development of back­end (Oracle) to fulfill the UI requirement. 

· Used Trend & Reference Lines, also statistical techniques to describe data. 
· Use Measure name and Measure Value fields to create visualizations with multiple  measures and dimension
· Responsible for dashboard design, look and feel and development. 
· Use parameters and input controls to give users control over certain values. Combine data sources by joining multiple tables and using data blending.
· Publishing sheets and dashboards on server Using Tableau Desktop.
· Created conditional filters and Action links to filter the data on dashboard.





Ops Team Responsibilities

Responded to service tickets and service requests within established time-based  requirements using Remedy 7 / 8.1
Various Cisco Application JVMs status monitoring and performing sanitary testing and ensuring the availability throughout, both to internal as well as external users
Coordinated with internal and external Client resources to isolate and troubleshoot issues resulting with service disruption and outage.
Managed good relationships with IT Operations and business partners to optimize application performance and results.
Providing detailed RCAs for all the incidents and suggest control measures.
Code walkthrough sessions for changes in application code and pre-post release meetings with development team to fix the observed defects/issues.


pERSONAL INFORMATION

Personal Information
· Father’s Name	: Mohit Kumar Ratti
· Date Of Birth		: 16 December 1990
· Gender		: Male
· Address		: Whitfield, Bangalore, Karnataka, India-560066


Declaration:

 I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge.


Place:
Date: 									Mohit Kumar Ratti


