












































Neelakhi Bhardwaj 
House No.30A, Kurlappa Layout, Maruthi Nagar
Yelahanka, Bengalaru, Karnataka-560064
Contact: +91-8830323370; Skype ID: neelakhi.bhardwaj89
Email: neelakhi.bhardwaj89@gmail.com ; 
Date of Birth: 29th November, 1989


FINANCE & ACCOUNTING PROFESSIONAL

Seeking a challenging and rewarding opportunity with an organization of repute, which recognizes & utilizes my true potential while nurturing my analytical and technical skills.


SUMMARY OF SKILLS
· Qualified individual with Master in Commerce (M.Com) from Guwahati University, Assam;
· Equipped with the knowledge of Accounting & Financial Analysis.
· Well-developed communication skills, verbal as well as written coupled with presentation skills with the ability to perform.
Technical Skills:

	Software :
	MS Office & Other applications, Basics of IT.

	
	Tally ERP 9

	
	




PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

· K.D.Infra – Unit of Lohia Group 

June 2017 to November 2017
         Accounts Executive
Core activites of BRS ( Bank Reconciliation Statement): Day Planning for funds and reporting the fund movement to Higher Management.
Reconciliation of party ledger and identification of good and Bad Debtors & Creditors.

· ABCI Infrastructures Pvt. Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                         January 2015 to May 2017
Accounts Executive 
          Core Activities and KRA’s
    Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable.

    Credit Controller

    Maintain Branch Account.

    Maintain Salary Entry in Tally.

    Preparation of Monthly  TDS Report 

    Prepare Bank Reconciliation statement and client Reconciliation.


EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS

Masters in Commerce (Finance & Accounting) 2014
Gauhati Commerce College, under Gauhati University, Assam



Bachelors in Commerce 2012
G.S Lohia Girls College, under Dibrugarh University, Assam.
Intermediate 2009
Guru Teg Bahadur,(C.B.S.E) , Tinsukia , Assam
 
Matriculation 2007
Budding Buds Sr. Sec. School, (C.B.S.E.),Tinsukia, Assam

Projects Undertaken

· Project report on “The commercial aspects of tea garden- A study of selected tea gardens in Tinsukia district of Assam”

· A Dissertation on “The comparative study on Hospital Management and health care facilities provided to the tea garden workers and the attitude of the workers towards various facilities with special reference to Keyhung Tea Estate.



Extra Curricular Accolade: 
· Participated in Traditional State Singing competition ( Rabha Sangit & Jyoti Sangit)
· Made efforts and worked for a scheme introduced by “Help Age India” for creating awareness and assisting in raising funds for the care of the elderly, irrespective of race, religion, caste or creed. Appreciated by “Help Age India” with a certificate of Social Service.
Permanent Address: Suwagi Path, South Sarbaibandha

                                 Jorhat, Assam-785004
Languages Known: English, Hindi, Assamese & Bengali
References: Available on Request.
Declaration

I hereby solemnly declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Bangalore                                                        (Neelakhi Bhardwaj)                                                                                                                                     


