





















PRAVEENKUMAR NARAYANAN
Contact: +91 9500415808
E-Mail: praveenthumbur@gmail.com
Career Snapshot
	·   2 Years of experience as Product Support Engineer.

·   Excellent experience in scripting languages (Linux Shell Script)
·   Experience in writing stored procedures, Functions and triggers to manage database events using MSSQL.
·   Have rapidly developed a reputation for consistent achievement, strong learning orientation.
·   In-depth knowledge of system level architectures and business processes.


Professional Experience
	Organization
	Intellect Design Arena Limited(Polaris Group), Chennai

	Designation
	Product Engineer

	Duration of work
	Jan-2016 to Till Date


Responsibilities
	·   Installation, Configuration Application Servers and Web servers.

·   Modifying the scripts(Shell & Perl) based on Client requirements.

·  Releasing the application changes (Database table level changes, Application changes) to production with careful security and observation.

·   Analyzed causes of production problems and developed methods for improvement.

·  Understanding and Troubleshooting complex customer issues on production environment. Responsible for identifying any bugs occurring in the applications as well as fixing them.

·   Responsible for coordinating with the front end team and resolving their issues with regards to the database.

·   Managing daily backups.

·   The core role was to keep the applications up 24/7 and also providing on call support.
·  Creating and Modifying the crontabs for cleaning up data like error logs,older Archive logs, unnecessary txt files from the live server from time to time maintaining the space for EOD.

·   Great ability to classify technical problem over phone and formulate a solution.


Technical Acquaintance
Languages                      : C,C++, Core Java, J2EE
Database                        : Oracle, MySql, MSSQL
Operating System         : Linux
Scripting Languages     : Shell Script
Database Tool               : SQL Developer, MS-SQL Server
Project Experience
Project Name

: MF Utility (MFU)
Role


: Team Member – Production Support
Technology Worked
: Linux,  C, C++,  Oracle, MsSql
Client


: AMFI, India
Project Description

Project have been developed for Mutual Fund Industry. Investors can transact in multiple schemes of various Mutual Funds. Investor will register for a Common Account Number (CAN). Through the CAN, transactions can be made to invest in Mutual Funds in India. Those transactions can be made directly by investor login, or by means of any Point of Services (POS),  Asset Management Company (AMC), Distributors. Payment will be done by communicating with bank, payment aggregator and build desk. Alerts and reminders will be triggered to investors through Mail and SMS communication.
Academic Qualification
	Qualification
	University/Board
	Institution
	Year
	 Aggregate

	B.E-ECE
	Anna university
	IFET College Of Engineering,Villupuram
	2015
	Cgpa- 7.543

	HSC
	State board
	Govt  Higher Secondary School,Thumbur
	2011
	78.25%

	SSLC
	State board
	Govt  Higher Secondary School,Thumbur
	2009
	86.00%


Certifications:
·   J2EE Certified, Mazenet Solution – 2017.

·   JAVA Certified, KPM Institude – 2016.
Achievements
·   I have received several appreciations from clients as well as within organization.
·   Received GEM(Going Extra Mile) Award for the month December,2016.
·   Awarded BEST NSS VOLUNTEER in University Level.

·   Stood school first in SSLC examination in Govt. higher secondary school, Thumbur.
Extra-Curricular Activities
	· Captained and won the inter College Cricket tournament

· NSS volunteer in Both College & School.

	· 


Personal Information
Name



:  Praveenkumar

Father’s Name


:  Narayanan

D.O.B



:  15-03-1994

Age



:  23 years

Sex



:  Male

Nationality


:  Indian

Marital status


:  Single

Languages Known                         : English, Tamil

Address                                           : 1/1, Gingee Main Road, Thumbur. Villupuram-605203.

Declaration

I hereby declare that the information stated above is true to the best of my knowledge.










Praveenkumar Narayanan
