

























Resume 
 

Pavithra N 
 
Phone: +91-7502817706 
 
Email id: pavithra100892@gmail.com 
 
 
 
SUMMARY 
 

o I have more than 3 years of extensive work experience in DevOps continuous integration & PKI 
Cryptography. 

 
o Expert and hands-on exposure in Application deployment and release management, Maven,                     

CVS, GIT, UNIX, SVN, Application manual testing, Application break fix,Jboss,tomcat apache,                     
Encryption, PKI certificate management, Incident management, Service now and change                   
management. 

 
o Extensive experience in Open Source continuous integration tool such as Jenkins and Hudson. 

 
o Experience in Windows and LINUX Server management, shell scripting, Cryptographic 

techniques, McAfee Endpoint encryption and Microsoft Bit Locker. 
 

o Extensively used plug-in such as Maven and Ant. 
 

o Certified in McAfee, Arc sight, HTML ,ITIL(internal) 
 

o Great ability to fix defect, server management (Linux , Windows),server migration & upgradation, 
Build automation, deployments, Patching and certificate management. 

 
o Willing to learn new technologies. Capable of working on multiple projects under tight deadlines. 

 
 

AREAS OF EXPERTISE   

Technologies : 
Devops, Build automation, PKI(Public key infrastructure), 
Encryption 

Application Servers : Windows 2008,2012,LINUX 

  
Symantec VeriSign, Jenkins, Hudson, McAfee, Bit locker, 
GIT, 

Tools : CVS, SVN, Jboss, Remedy, Service now 
 
 
 
 

ACHIEVEMENTS 
 

• Received many customer appreciations for on time defect fix and weekend support for major 
impacts. 



 
• Best Performer of the Quarter 

 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 

May’15– Till date with Wipro Technologies, Coimbatore as Project Engineer. 
 
Project : ​BBY-MOBILE-EN 
 
Client : ​Best buy mobile- United States​, Canada 
 
Domain: ​Retail 
 
  



Summary: ​This is the site used for buy the mobile through online as well sell the mobile to end-user who 
are all approaching blue shirt (seller) in shops directly. The site designed using Java Spring, angular js, 
We are using continuous integration tools such as Jenkins and Hudson for 5 environment (Dev, Dev Test, 
Prod, Prod Test, Prod Like, Perf).The plug-in used here is Maven and ANT. 
 

Responsibilities​: 
 

• Applications build and deploy using Jenkins and Hudson. 
 

• Create new jobs in Jenkins and Hudson for automation 
 

• Server configuration in Jenkins to make continuous integration 
 

• Troubleshoot the issue with build and deployments 
 

• Application manual testing once before and after the new release, it includes GUI and regression 
testing. 

 
• Patching activities in servers. 

 
• Working with other team and make coordination to get the issue resolved 

 
• Server restart and checking the disk space before going to build. 

 
• Monitor the queue whether we are getting new error/task to resolve. 

 
• Make sure all the servers are up and running (Health check). 

 
• Jenkins full configuration and install plug-in which are all required. 

 
 
Environment: ​Jenkins,Hudson, UNIX, Maven, Ant, CVS,SVN, Bitbucket, SQL server, Git, Jboss, PKI 
and​ ​Splunk 
 
 
Project : ​HPR-CHI-MD 
 
Client : ​Catholic health initiatives.–US 
 
Domain : ​HLS 
 
 
Summary: ​Providing SSL certificate to protect the websites and servers using cryptography technique. 
The​ ​tools used here is Symantec Verisign, McAfee, Credant and BitLocker. I am the single counterpart 
who managed more 
 
than 2Lakhs certificate. We have managed these certificates to protect user machines and servers 
(UNIX, Windows 2008, 2012). 
 
Responsibilities​: 
 

• Maintaining certificate repository and send notification to application owner before it gets expired. 
 

• Involved in server up gradation for digesting from SHA 1 to SHA 2. 
 

• Analyze the impact and directly fix the error by own. 



 
• Secure the servers from major impacts and share the details to higher management during huddle 

process. 
 

• Involved in major impacts during weekend. 
 
  



• Encrypt overall machines which are all in our environment without missing a single machine. 
 

• Taking daily health check and report from the server. 
 

• Prepared SOP(Standard operation procedure) and uploaded the same in sharepoint for team 
members understanding . 

 
• Provided training for juniors to understand the process. 

 
 
 
Environment: ​Symantec​ ​Verisign,McAfee,Bit locker,credant, IDAM, Arcsight, RSA, PKI 
certificate​ ​management, GPO,IIS,MMC,UNIX,. 
 

EDUCATION SUMMARY 
 

• Studied Master of Computer Application(MCA) at PSNA College of Engineering and Technology 
with 73% aggregate (2012-2015) 

 
• Studied Bachelor of Computer science(B.sc.,IT) at Thiagarajar College with 63% 

 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 
 
Name 
  

 
 
: Pavithra N 
 
 

Father’s name 
  

 
: Navaneethan V 
 
 

 
Gender Nationality 
  

 
: Female 
 
: Indian 

 
 

Date of Birth 
  

 
: 11-Apr-1992 


