














































 
P V V Durga 
Bhaskar
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Phone
:
 
0091
-
8500947947
            
 
                   
 
         
                                    
 
pvvdurgabhaskar@gmail.com
 


OBJECTIVE:

To obtain a challenging and rewarding position in Network Administration with an organization which recognizes my true potential and provides me sufficient avenues for professional growth through nurturing my technical skills and competencies

Academic Qualification:

2001 – 2004: Bachelor’s in Computer Applications – Osmania University, Hyderabad, India.

2007 – 2008:  Masters in Mobile Communications & Distributed Computer Networks Leeds Metropolitan University, Leeds, UK.


Certifications:

RED HAT Certified System Administrator (RHCSA) 160-208-856.

Certified in Network Instruments by Observer on SNMP.

Experience:

Worked on single projects on contract basis in Hyderabad prior to travelling abroad for my masters from 2004-2006 and after coming back in 2011.

Worked as Support Analyst at RNC Digitals from 2011-13.

Worked as Asst. Manager at Valli Forecourts, Leeds U.K form June 2007-October 2010.

Worked as Senior Technical Consultant in Tech Mahindra from February 2017 to July 2018.






Roles & Responsibilities:  
Handling Inbound and Outbound Calls to resolve Customers Issue.

To do Programming According to customers issue when Technician Calls back.

Raising Ticket if Issue is not resolved on the call and responsible to assign a Technician 
to attend Customers Premises to fix the issue.

Updating Customer about Charges that will be levied depending upon the type of Issue.
Keeping a track of the ticket until and unless it’s closed by fixing the issue.

To do Programming, assign Codes and Activate Internet if new customer calls.
Expert Working in Group and producing best result.

LINUX SKILLS
Configure local storage using partitions and logical volumes.
Create and configure file systems and file system attributes, such as permissions, encryption, access control lists, and network file systems.
Deploy, configure, and maintain systems, including software installation, update, and core services.
Manage users and groups, including use of a centralized directory for authentication.
Manage security, including firewall’s and SELinux configuration.
Configuring static routes, packet filtering, and network address translation.
Setting kernel runtime parameters.
Configuring an Internet Small Computer System Interface (iSCSI) initiator.
Producing and delivering reports on system utilization.
Using shell scripting to automate system maintenance tasks.
Configuring system logging, including remote logging.
Configuring a system to provide networking services, including HTTP/HTTPS, File
Transfer Protocol (FTP), network file system (NFS), server message block (SMB), Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP), secure shell (SSH) and Network Time Protocol (NTP).


Microsoft skills

Windows XP Network Introduction, Configuring TCP/IP & other protocol, creating network connection.

Configuring Internet connection, using internet connection fire wall, using internet explorer advance feature using outlook, windows, messenger, and internet information service.

Managing Workgroup Connection, Understanding Domain Connectivity, Solving Connectivity Problem.

Selecting file system, understanding resource sharing & NFS security, making file available offline.

Remote Desktop & Remote Assistance, Remote access & Visual Private Network Security wireless networking.


Microsoft Exchange Server

Requirement gathering & Installation of Exchange.

Managing & Maintaining exchange server.

Administration with Microsoft exchange server.

Backup & Recovery.

Networking Skills
Network processing, centralized and distributive network connection Installing, configuring and administering network technologies.

Ample knowledge in Windows 98 \ Me \ Xp \ 2000 \ 2003 Server\2008 Server\Linux Server.

Active directory management, NTFS security, disk quota management.
Good understanding of OSI Model, TCP/IP protocol suite (IP, ARP, ICMP, TCP, UDP, RARP, FTP, TFTP).

Good understanding of Bridging and switching concepts and LAN technologies. IP addressing and sub-netting, Routing concepts.

Hardware
Computer assembling and maintenance.

Troubleshooting hardware and software problems.

Installing and configuring the peripherals, components and drivers.

Installing software and application to user standards.

POSITIVE POINTS

· Good analytical problem solving skills.

· Ability to work well in a deadline driven environment and set expectations realistically.

· Positive attitude towards work and life.

· Flexible and posses fast learning skills.

· Team player.


