





































								Tata Consultancy Services																																																																																	1

BASIC DETAILS

Employee Reference No. EP2018IR820778

Personal Details Title First Middle Last

Name Mr. Shivakumar Rasoori

Father's Name Mr. Chandraiah Rasoori

Date Of Birth 22-Mar-1992

Gender Male

Nationality India

Do You have Valid Work

Permit?

LinkedIn profile URL

Facebook profile URL

Twitter profile URL

PAN Card No. ERHPS2065B

Aadhar Card

Email ID rasoori.shiva@gmail.com

Skills Finance and Accounting

Preferred Location Hyderabad | Bangalore

Current Location Bangalore

LANGUAGES

KNOWN

(Mother Tongue appearing first)

Language Speak Read Write

Telugu Yes Yes Yes

English Yes Yes Yes



								Tata Consultancy Services																																																																																	2

ADDRESS DETAILS

Present Address: H no. 127 Harshini Nivas

Ashwath Nagar 6th cross

City: Bangalore State: Karnataka

Country: India Pin Code: 560037

Contact Number:  + 91 - 9964149507 Alternate Number: 9553809497

Is the Present and Permanent Address same: No

Permanent Address: H no 453

Gangapur

City: Mahabubnagar State: Telangana

Country: India Pin Code: 509301

Contact Number:  + 91 - 9553809407



								Tata Consultancy Services																																																																																	3

ACADEMIC DETAILS

Qualification

:

Starting from the latest qualification earned till class X or equivalent

Is your PG a 5 year integrated course:

Degree/Diplom

a

Specialization/

Major Subject

University/Insti

tute

College Name Cours

e Type

Duration % of

Marks(Agg

. of all

semester/

grade

obtained)

Start Date End Date

Graduation BACHELOR OF

COMMERCE

ACCOUNTS A. P.

Productivity

Council,

Hyderabad

BRR GOVT DEGREE

COLLEGE

Full

time

Jun-2010 Dec-2013 55.80

High School 10th Mathamatics SSC Full

time

Jun-2007 May-2008 65.02



								Tata Consultancy Services																																																																																	4

EMPLOYMENT DETAILS

Name of Company Address of Company Job Duration Post/Designation Annual

Gross Salary

Employee

Id

Currently

Employed

HereStart Date End Date

Accenture Bangalore 09-Nov-

2015

Accounting

analyst

INR 380000 11195052 Yes

Total Experience 33 Months

Total IT Experience 33 Months

Service bond No

Notice Period details(Days) 60



								Tata Consultancy Services																																																																																	5

BREAK DETAILS

Break in Details Duration Reason

From To

Break between Jobs and Studies

(Bachelor Degree AND Accenture)

Jan-2014 Oct-2015 Job search

Break in Studies

(10th AND Bachelor Degree)

Jun-2008 May-2010 Personal medical reasons



								Tata Consultancy Services																																																																																	6

RELATIVE DETAILS

Do you have relatives in TCS? No

JOINING DETAILS

Expected Salary INR 600000



								Tata Consultancy Services																																																																																	7

SELF DECLARATION

Are you involved in any pending and / or closed Civil / Criminal / case / proceedings / charges /

enquiry prior to joining TCS ?

No

Are you involved in any pending and / or closed Disciplinary / malpractices and / or any other

charges / proceedings / enquiry/ case pending against me in any University or any other

educational authority / institution prior to joining TCS ?

No

If the answer to any of the above mentioned question is YES give full particulars of the case /

arrest /detention / fine /conviction / sentence / punishment etc. and / or the nature of the case

pending in the Court / University / Educational authority etc. at the time of filling this form.



								Tata Consultancy Services																																																																																	8

DECLARATION :

Declaration and General Consent to Background Investigation:

In connection with my application to render services to Tata Consultancy Services Ltd (the "Company"), I hereby agree as follows:

 

I certify that the information furnished in this form as well as in all other forms filled in by me in conjunction with my employment is factually correct

and subject to verification by TCS including Reference Check and Background Verification.

 

I accept that an appointment given to me on this basis can be revoked and/or terminated without any notice at any time in future if any information

has been found to be false, misleading, and deliberately omitted/suppressed.

 

As a condition of Company's consideration of my application for employment with the Company, I hereby give my consent to the Company to

investigate or cause to be investigated through any third parties my personal, educational and pre or postemployment history. I understand that the

background investigation will include, but not be limited to, verification of all information given by me to the Company. I confirm that the Company is

entitled to share such investigation report with its clients to the extent necessary in connection with the Services, which I may be required to provide

to such clients. I confirm and undertake that the Company shall incur no liability or obligation of any nature whatsoever resulting from such

investigation or sharing of the investigation results as above.

 

I certify that I am at present in sound mental and physical condition to undertake employment with TCS. I also declare that there is no criminal case

filed against me or pending against me in any Court of law in India or abroad and no restrictions are placed on my travelling anywhere in India or

abroad for the purpose of business of the company.

 

I hereby declare and undertake that

 

I shall not resort to any unethical, unfair practices to augment my chances of selection with TCS by adopting unlawful means directly and / or

indirectly within and outside TCS and shall strictly adhere to the selection process made applicable by TCS

 

My candidature for employment in the Company is liable to be rejected in the event it comes to the knowledge of TCS that I have resorted to

unethical, unfair practices to augment my chances of selection with TCS.

 

I am fully aware that TCS is an equal opportunity employer and the decision of TCS to hire me is solely will be made on my credentials duly validated

and on the assessment of my capability to perform a role for which I am interviewed by TCS.

Name: Mr. Shivakumar  Rasoori

Date: Jul 25, 2018

Place: Bangalore

TCS is an equal opportunity employer that aims to integrate global diversity and inclusion at each level within our organization.Hiring

decisions are solely made on the capability of an individual to perform a role. Any personal details like gender,age and nationality,that may

be provided by you during the course of application or selection process will be used for administrative records and all qualified

applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to this information.


