
































ANIMESH SINGH 

Email :yaranimesh@gmail.com                                 Mobile: 8820793658 

  

Objective 

 

Highly Enthusiastic, with excellent communication skill, computer skills and analytical skills to provide 

excellent customer service. Focus on customer satisfaction and retention by applying my interpersonal 

skills to achieve these goals. 

SUMMARY 

 

 Played a pivotal role in mentoring/Training new joiners. 

 Experience in attending client calls along with the supervisor. 

 Expertise in Designing action plan for the process. 

 Good knowledge of computer security products and troubleshooter of Hardware &Software. 

 Ability to work in a team-oriented environment with good communication skills.  

 Ability to grab new technical things quickly. 

 Interfaces with customers to resolve 1st and 2nd tier/escalation customer service 
calls/queries/problems. 

 
 Senior-Associate 
 (Hewlett-Packard) 

 Feb2014-Nov2014-9Months 
 Kolkata 

 

  Responded to requests for technical assistance in person via phone and remotely for the following 
technologies: Windows OS based end points (Laptops & Desktops) Tablets & Smartphones (IOS & 

Android) and Microsoft Office. 

 Continually updated personal knowledge of computing hardware operating systems and software. 
 Maintained confidentiality and discretion when working with password or sensitive materials. 
 Ensuring timely and professional responses to all the queries, requests & complaints received enabling 

satisfaction of the customer. 

 

   
• Manage the team efficiently to maximize agent utilization 
• Keeping the team and self-updated of all process changes/ process highlights, at all times. 
• Tracking agent/ team performance on quality, and working with the Quality and Training team to develop 
training schedules/ plans. 

• Assist the customers in troubleshoot problems with Domains, DNS, Email Configurations, Protocols, 
Web hosting, Internet issues. 

 

Professional Experience 



 

• Verifies contacts and account information. 
• Maintains and creates logs, reports, records and files. 
• Investigates, analyzes, coordinates and tracks complex customer issues and problems. 
• Makes proactive calls to determine accounts requiring close attention identifies problems and works         
through to resolution. 

•Interface with onshore call to answer questions on process or specialized situations. 
• Knowledge of company products and customer service activities. 

       

 

 

 

Achievements 

 

 Awarded C-Sat Champ for 2 Consecutive months”. 
 Received internal Promotion from Technical Support Executive (TSE) to Subject Matter 

Expert (SME). 

 Awarded Best SME of the quarter for Yahoo project. 
 Appreciated by top management executives and onshore team for the successful migration. 

 

Personal Profile 

              Date of Birth              : 19
th

 April 1989 

              Languages Known   : English, Hindi, and Bengali. 

          Nationality               : Indian  

          Permanent Address   : 144,sukanta sarani,Po-bhadrakaliDist-hooghly(WB). 

Declaration 

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my 

knowledge.                            

                                                                                                                      

 

 

Educational Qualification 

School/ College University Name of The Examination Year Percentage 

M.C.K.V Institute of 

Engineering  

West Bengal 

University of 

Technology 

Master in Computer Application 

(MCA) 

2013 71.30 

George College West Bengal 

University of 

Technology 

Bachelor in Computer 

Application (BCA) 

2010 70 

Xavier’s School C.I.S.C.E I.S.C 2007 70.60 

Xavier’s School C.I.S.C.E I.C.S.E 2005 45.00 



           

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


	ANIMESH SINGH

