














































 

Page 1/3 
 

CV:         Sr. Accountant / Office Administrator 

  
 SHANABUDHEEN 
Mob: +91 9744 143 243 
email:  shanabudheen@gmail.com 
INDIA. 
 

 

 

Male/29/Married 

Nationality: Indian 

Passport No: J7441215 / Expiry: 22-Aug-2021 

Valid Indian Driving License Holder. 

Valid UAE Driving License Holder. 

 

Profile Summary 

To be extremely successful and associated with a reputable Organization, where my skills and talents are utilized 
to grow through Professionalism, Perseverance, Intelligence, Sheer Talent and Hard Work. 
 
With a career spanning over eight years’ work experience in the field of Offie Administration and Accounts & 
Finance management, including Offshore Oil & Gas Industry (UZ750-EPC2 ZADCO, UAE). 
For this past eight years in administration, accounts & costing practice i have gained excellence in the field of 
standard budgeting systems, cost controls and analysis. 

 

 
Areas of Expertise 
   

 COSTING, INVOICING, HR, OFFICE ADMINISTRATION, GST, PAYABLE & RECEIVABLE, PETTY CASH 

Reporting to: Project Manager, Accounts Manager and Operations Manager. 
Team Leader: Dealing with Accountants, Payroll, Administration & HR team. 
 

Work Experience  

Cost Controller / Asst. Quantity Surveyor                       Noor Al Sahara (UAE) 10/2018 - Current 

 Cost controller for road works projects. 
 Submittal of RFI & RFA for site works. 
 Preparing payment certificates as per contract procedures. 
 Prepare VAT computations and returns. 
 Implementing and maintaining internal financial controls and procedures. 
 Following up Invoices, LC documents, project payments, cash and cheque transactions. 
 Monthly closings and preparation of monthly-quarterly financial statements and audits. 

Sr. Accountant                           Alumatec Metal & Wooden Industries (UAE) 10/2016 – 10/2018 

 Budgeting and Costing various projects. 
 Following up Invoices, LC documents, project payments, cash and cheque transactions. 
 Monthly closings and preparation of monthly-quarterly financial statements and audits. 
 Prepare VAT computations and returns. 
 Implementing and maintaining internal financial controls and procedures. 
 Assist with payroll administration. 
 Account reconciliation process on monthly basis. 

 

Sr. Accountant                                     Nael & Bin Harmal Hydroexport (UAE) 11/2014 -  10/2016 

 Preparing monthly invoices, financial statements and reporting. 
 Cost analysis and controlling for all projects (Construction). 
 Monthly bank reconciliation and adjustments. 
 All accounts related for payables and receivables. 
 Dealing with petty cash expenses and cash vouchers. 
 Documentation related to manpower, projects and fixed assets. 

mailto:shanabudheen@gmail.com


 

Page 2/3 
 

Office Administrator / Cashier                                                Kinship Services 10/2012 – 10/2014 

 Front office management (Receiving calls and customer service). 
 Daily progress report (DPR) and 3 week look ahead manifest. 
 Preparing daily staff payroll and reporting to the manager. 
 Making cargo manifest and request letter (Govt.) for transportation. 
 Dealing with petty cash expenses and cash vouchers. 
 Assist for office expenditure and budgeting. 

Accounts Officer                                           Institute of Charted Accountants, Kerala 2011 - 2012 

 Preparing daily data entries and office ledger. 
 Prepairing monthly invoices and statements. 
 Preparation of balance sheet and office expenditure. 
 Payroll management and assist for bank reconciliations. 
 Work with both manual accounting as well as system accountings. 
 Document controller for main desk. 

 

 

 

Academic Profile 
 

 CPFA (Certified Professional Foreign Accountant) IPA – A Grade Holder (2013). 

 PGDBA (Masters Diploma in Business Administration) – SCDL University (2012-2014). 

 B.com (Bachelor of Commerce) Accounts & Finance Management - CMJ University (2009-2012). 

 Pre-Degree - Kerala Board of Higher Secondary Education (2006-2008). 

 
 

Core Competencies  

 Oracle JD Edwards EnterpriseOne systems. 
 Tally ERP: 9.0, Mayob, Sage 50, QuickBooks, Peachtree. 
 Microsoft Office (Excel & Word). 
 Creative Thinking and Decision Making. 
 Leadership and Flexibility. 
 Well knowledge in Outlook Internet & Email. 
 Trained with ISO standards 9001, 14001, 18001. 
 Trained with IFRS & IAS accounting standards. 
 Adobe Photoshop / Illustrator. 

Advantages/Certifications 
 

 IIF – Sr. Front line supervisor – (JMJ Associates). 
 Advanced First Aider - (ETSDC) – 48 hours BLS. 
 Oil Spill First Responder - (ETSDC). 
 Authorized Gas Tester (AGT) – (ETSDC). 
 Confined Space Entry (ETSDC). 
 HSSE Boot Camp 30 hours training (PETROFAC-ZADCO). 
 HSSE TTT – Trane The Trainer (JMJ Associates). 
 Offshore Fire Warden (PETROFAC-ZADCO). 
 Trained Offshore TSBB & BOSIET (ETSDC). 
 H2S trained & Optima card holder #: 570609 (ETSDC). 

 

Linguistic Ability 

 

English           -        Fluent. 
Hindi              -        Fluent. 
Malayalam      -        Fluent. 
Arabic            -        Read & Write. 
Tamil             -        Speak. 

 

 
 



 

Page 3/3 
 

Declaration 
 

I solemnly confirm that the above furnished informations are true and complete to the best of my 

knowledge and will prove myself if you give me an opportunity to work in your prestigious concern. 

 
 

Looking forward to hear from you. 
 
 
Date: January-2019                                                                         Yours Sincerly 

Notice Period: Immediate Join                                                           Shanabudheen 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


