














































Chinthada Venkata Bharat 

Email: venkatbharat98666@gmail.com 

Phone: +91-9866600075  
  

 

Professional Summary: 

 

 Java Programmer with 2+years of experience in design and development in Java/J2EE 
Technologies. 

 

 Thorough understanding of Object Oriented Programming concepts. 
 

 Hands on experience on Eclipse IDE. 
 

 Java development skills using Core java, JDBC, Servlets, Portlets, JSP. 
 

 Good Knowledge On web applications using Spring framework. 
 

 Developing applications in MVC architecture using Spring framework. 

 Good experience on Database programming with Hibernate. 
 

 Good team member, positive attitude and result oriented Self-motivated, quick learner, willing 
to adapt to new challenges & new technologies 

 

 Possesses excellent communication skills, analytical, problem solving, leading skills as well as 
keen interest in the emerging technologies. 

 

 

Technical Skills: 

 
 

Technology Description 

Programming Languages JAVA 

J2SETechnologies JDBC 

J2EE Technologies Servlets, Portlets,JSP. 

Frameworks Spring MVC, Hibernate. 

Servers TomcatApache, Web Sphere Portal 

Tools &IDE Maven,Eclipse. 

 Operating System   Windows 10/8/7. 

 

 

mailto:venkatbharat98666@gmail.com


Work Profile: 
 

 Working as Software Engineer at Prolifics Corporation Limited.,– Hyderabad  from  

February 2018- tilldate. 

 Previously Worked as Software Engineer in W3Softech India Pvt Ltd., Hyderabad 

from November 2015 to Feb 2018. 

 

 

Current Project: 

 

Project Name: DUBAI HEALTH AUTHORITY (DHA) 

 

Project Description: 

 

 

  Dubai Health Authority is a Dubai government site which offers mainly two types of 

 medical services, let’s say facility licensing and professional licensing.The main moto of the site 
 is to speed up the issuing of license with less paper usage. 

 

  In Facility license, if a person want to setup a hospital then he can directly go through  

 the site and submit all related documents to DHA, then back end DHA team will verify all 
 documents and issue license to setup hospital in Dubai. 

 

  In Professional license, if a person want to practice in Dubai, he can apply for license in 
 Dubai through this site from anywhere in world.DHA will verify the documents of professional 

 and issue license to the person to start practice in Dubai. 
 

Environment : Java,  J2EE,  SPRING CORE, SPRING MVC, PORTLETS , WEB SPHERE -  
   PORTAL, Log4J, JSP, JSPF, JavaScript, JQuery,CSS, HTML. 
 

Roles &Responsibilities: 

 
 Requirement Analysis & Design.  

 Involved in coding 

 Front-end screen development using JSP and JSPF 

 Implemented Drop Downs for JSPF's in Controller's. 
 Created VO's and DAO's for requirement. 
 Involved in creating Global Records. 

 
 

Duration: February 2018to till date. 

 

 

Previous Projects: 

 

Project#1 

 



Project Name: CITY ROAD SHARE. 

 

Project Description: 

 

City Road Share is a social networking site through which people can meet up for sharing   

their ride with in the city. City Road Share has vehicle sharing and ride sharing. The main 

intension of this site is, if you have a vehicle then split cost and reduce traffic and pollution by 

offering vehicle pools. 

 

If you don’t have a vehicle, use the system to find a vehicle pool. Through this Ride 

Sharer can share his ride with Ride Seeker and Ride seeker can share his ride with Ride Sharer. 

By sharing a ride we can save gas, money, reduce auto emission.   

 

CRS main motto is to control Pollution, parking problems, traffic and road maintenance. 

It contains mainly three modules Ride Sharer (provider), Ride Seeker (requestor), Administrator.  

 

Environment: Java, J2EE, SPRING CORE, SPRING MVC, HIBERNATE, MySQL 5.5, Tomcat6.0, 

                 Log4J, CSS 3, HTML. 

 

Roles &Responsibilities: 

 

 Requirement Analysis & Design.  

 Involved in coding 
 Front-end screen development using JSP 

 Implemented Dao Classes. 

 Involved  in Database Operations Using Hibernate  
 
 

Duration: August 2016 to August 2017 

 

Project#2 

 

Project Name: KM-Knowledge Management 

 

Project Description: 

 

Knowledge management (KM) is focused on capturing the expertise of organizations and 

individuals and on the disposal and application of this expertise in order to maximize the benefits 

and the returns from knowledge assets.  

KM helps to bring the right knowledge to the right people at the right time, thus enabling 

them to make the best decision. 

 

Environment: Java, SPRING CORE, SPRING MVC, JDBC, Oracle DB, Glass Fish, Spring Tool      
                              Suite, Log4J, CSS 3, HTML. 

 

 



Roles &Responsibilities: 

 

 Requirement Analysis & Design.  

 Involved in Developing Pages using JSP.  

 Developed Controller Classes and Bean Forms.  

 Implemented DAO Classes.  

 Involved Database Operations in JDBC.  

 

Duration: October 2017 to February 2018. 

 

 

Academic Profile: 

 

 

 Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Engineering (2011-2015) from Swarnandhra  
Institute  Of  Engineering  And  Technology. 

 

 Intermediate (2009-2011) from Board of Intermediate Education In Aditya Junior College. 
 

 SSC(2009) from Board of Secondary Education In J Sikile Academy. 

 

 

Personal Information: 

 

Name    : Ch. Venkata Bharat 

Gender   : Male 

Father’s Name  : Ch. Brahmajee 

Date of Birth   : 1stJuly, 1994 

Nationality   : Indian 

Languages Known  : English, Telugu. 

Alternate Contact number : 7396044350 

Permanent Address  :   D.No: 6-3-8, Jagilanka Vari Street,Narsapur, 

      AndhraPradesh. 

          Alternate Email  :    venkatbharat.ch@gmail.com 

 

Declaration: I herebydeclarethat  the  information  given  above  is  trueto the  best ofmy knowledge. 

 

Place:                                                                                        (CHINTHADA VENKATA BHARAT) 

Date:                                                                                                                     signature 

mailto:venkatbharat.ch@gmail.com

	Ca

