
















































Pallavi Pathak
Email:pallavitiwari903@gmail.com				Mobile :( +91) 9657288157	


Carrier Objectives:-
To build carrier in growing organization, where I can get the opportnities to prove my abilities by accepting challenges, fulfilling the organizational goals and climb the career ladder through 
continuous learning and  commitment.   

Current Work Experience
Gallagher Service Center LLC May 2011- April 2018
Working at Gallagher Service Center Insurance Brokerage firm as a Sr. Process Analyst

Key job responsibilities and achievements include:
· Processing of Policies in document management systems
· Solving client query through mails and calls. 
· Working on Kaizens projectswith associates.
· Identify opportunity, and implementation in process.
· Coordinate with team members and ensure achievement of all team objectives and goals.
Workplace Responsibilities
· Maintain knowledge on all process information and resolve all issues and perform correction where requires.
· Taking client calls for business improvement and handling external errors.
· Making reports on quality and productivity on basis E.g.:- Team target, their quality, cab issues, Leaves, internal errors etc.
· Training new joiners.
· Well versed with MS Excel, MS Word and MS PowerPoint

Previous Experience:-

1) TATA Servizol: - Worked for 18 months on voice process. (December 2008- April 2010)

Job Description: -  I was at customer helpdesk and use to handle queries related to mobile phone, land line, postpaid bills and all VAS services.

2) Tech Mahindra: - Worked for 13 months on Semi-Voice process. (May 2010- April 2011)

Job Description: - Working on various fault/issues registered regarding the landline services. Giving new connection to customer, in case of any failure in any services, doing RCA and highlighting those to the service providers.

Taking calls with the different retailer representatives and discussing the RCA of the service failure. Making reports on excel and on Power point presentation.



Educational Qualification


	Degree
	College/School
	University
	Year of Passing
	Percentage

	B.Sc.
	Nowrosjee Wadia College
	Pune
	2006
	64%

	12th
	Kendriya Vidyalay Lonavla
	
	2003
	68%

	10th
	Kendriya Vidyalay No.2
	
	2000
	60%




Personal Information

Strengths	 	 :- Dedicated Team player, Time management, People management
        	    Confident, Ambitious, Quick learner and Hard working.

Date of Birth		  : 22th August, 1985

Permanent Address:         : Flat No A2/510, Atria Society, Lane-13, Tingrenagar, Pune-15
