















































 

 

50 2145 

A R C H A N A  P R A B H A K A R  

  Team Lead – Global HR Shared Services 

9972473262 Fructis2020@yahoo.co.in LinkedIn – 12b62514 301, AMOGHA, BANGALORE- 560076 

E D UC A T ION  P R OFI L E  SUM MA RY  

 
 

 

 

  

 

 

Bachelors in Science, Bangalore University. 

Graduate program in Science  
2003 
2005 

SK I L L S  

L A NG UA G E S SK I LL  

H OB B I E S  &  I NT E RE STS  

   

PROFESSIONAL 

HR Program Design 

Employee Relations 

Benefits Administration 

HR Transformation 

HR Tech Implementation 

HR Operations 

SAP  

ORACLE 

PEOPLESOFT 

TALEO 

SUCCESS FACTOR 

NEOCASE BPM  

REMEDY 

PERSONAL 

Team play 

Creativity People Management Communication 

ENGLISH 

KANNADA 

HINDI 

570 

CARS MUSIC TRAVEL SHOPPING 

• 8 Years of experience in Global HR Shared Services 

management for Recruitment Operations, Workforce 

Administration, Performance Management and Employee Exit 

Management. 

• 8 Years of experience in working on HR systems like 

PeopleSoft, Taleo.   

• 4 Years of experience in providing Leadership, direction, 

coaching and mentoring of team members in an HR Shared 

Services environment. 

• HR Continuous Improvement/Process Re-engineering 

• Recruitment Operations 

• HR Reporting  

• Global Client relationship Management 

• HR Process Transition 

HR Operations 

Continuous Improvement 



 

 

 

50 2145 

ACCENTURE SOLUTIONS PVT LTD, BANGALORE, INDIA (2006 – PRESENT) 

Senior Analyst (Team Lead) – Recruitment Operations (2014 – Present) 

Support resourcing operations and vendor management across PAN India. Provide 

support for a range of processes and projects relating to resourcing policies and 

procedures, as well as outsourced provider agreements. Central point of contact in 

PAN India span for coordinating recruitment data and information. 

Leadership Recruitment: 

Recruiting top talent leadership levels for the infrastructure domains across PAN India. 

Manage the talent pipeline for infrastructure domain using Abacus ATS. 

Involved in End to End recruitment of executive level hiring 

Source and hire active and passive candidate through networking, internet research. 

Experienced in sourcing through job boards, social Media (LinkedIn).  

Worked on hiring for variety of skills viz., AI, Machine Learning, NLP, IBM Watson, 

Wipro Holmes, AWS, Azure, Devops, Cloud, Storage, Network etc. 

 

Team Lead – Global HR Shared Services (2006 – 2014) 

Manage HR Service delivery in the area of Recruitment, Workforce Administration, 

Performance Management and Exit. 
 

Work closely with the team members to achieve desired TAT, SLAs, Quality and OLAs 

Appropriate Deployment of resources to ensure optimal utilization of all the available 

resources. 
 

Conduct regular review of LWI (Local Work Instructions) to update any process 

changes. 
 

Responsible to propose and implement effective Quality Framework to ensure the 

processing quality is meeting client expectation with a vision to sustain the 

performance and drive continual improvement. 
 

Perform Process Risk fit analysis and FMEA to identify potential process risks and 

mitigation plan for the same. 
 

Responsible to drive HR process improvements and process simplification by 

automating/re-engineering HR processes hence reducing manual intervention and 

increasing overall process efficiency and Quality. 
 

Ensure all the HR Processes managed are within the Company’s Operational Excellence 

Framework requirements to ensure process predictability and consistency in results 

achieved. 
 

Implementation of effective Governance Model to review process performance, 

challenges and Way forward with client and management team. 
 

Monthly one on one meeting with the team members to cascade individual 

performance, areas of improvement and expectations for next month. 

Conduct Best Practice Sharing sessions with other service lines to share and learn new 

learning. 
 

Propose and Implement strong Reporting framework to report performance, analyze 

and identify possible process risks proactively to avoid process failures and to enable 

the team to forecast process performance and volumes. 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
CARS MUSIC SHOPPING 

215 570 

 

E X P E R I ENCE  Q UA NT I F I AB LE R E SULTS  

  

 
 

Designed and Implemented a New Hire 
O rientation Program aimed at achieving 

seamless assimilation of New Hires into 
Accenture Operations Recruitment team. 
Implementation of this program resulted in   

considerable improvement in New Hire 
satisfaction. 
 
Designed and implemented a standardized 

contractor performance management 
process for Accenture Operations 
Recruitment team in an attempt to 

promote pay for performance among the 
contingent workforce. 
    
Designed and implemented a standardized 

contract hiring process for Accenture 
Operations Recruitment team which 
resulted in considerable reduction in the 
operational cost.    

 
 
Designed and implemented a formal 

annual compensation review framework for 
contract employees similar to permanent 
employees within the organization. 
 

 
 

Employee Self Service: 
Worked on a project aimed at improving 
the quality employee self-service portal for 

performance management process which 
resulted in higher employee satisfaction 
and minimized the number of tier 1 queries 
by employees.  

 
 
Continuous Improvement: 

Value Stream Mapping and process 
analysis of HR processes supported by the 
team resulted in a saving of 1 FTE who was 
then cross trained to manage additional HR 

processes. 
 
 
 
 

HR Process Transition: 

Successfully lead the offshoring of 
Performance Management process for a 
global client with an employee base of 

20,000. 
 

 
 

 

REPCOL INDIA PVT. LTD., BANGALORE, INDIA (2005 – 2006) 

Collection Representative 



 

50 2145 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
CARS MUSIC SHOPPING 

215 570 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

  

 

 

 


