





















































RESUME
                                                                                     
Mr. Jiji Kurian George

Puthiyaparambil House Kumarakom P.O Kottayam  Pin: 686563


 Phone: 9847894039, 0481 2525839 E-mail:jijikuriangeorge@gmail.com
	Objective 


Achieve a Senior Management Job in a Reputed Bank that utilizes my Banking Experience, Relationship Building, Team Management and Selling Skills for the Fulfillment of the Organizational Goals and Objectives with Sincerity & Dedication.

	Work Experience – Dhanlaxmi Bank


· Aug ‘09 Started career as Junior Officer Bank , Trivandrum
Through Bank test selected as Management trainee into Acquisition Team – Acquiring Current and Savings a/c customers, confirmed as Senior Officer on Oct ‘10.
· Jan ‘10 – Jun ’11 Personnel Banker, Trivandrum 
Promoted as Personnel Banker – Managing mapped branch customers, cross selling of all banking products and fresh acquisitions. 
· Jun ‘13 – April’ 14 Assistant Manager, Thiruvalla .
Given the role of additional officer for credit processing , sanctioning and monitoring , In addition to this  recovery has to be manage, outstanding  performances for cross selling third party products and promoted to Branch Operation Manager .
· May ’14 onwards  as  Branch Operation Manager, Kolkata
Branch Operations , day to day banking activities ,Instruments clearing (CTS) and Credit appraising , rectification in operations , adhere to follow all KYC's norms and  Joint custodian of vaults. 
· May ’17 onwards  as  Branch Manager
Responsible for all process related checks as custodian of vaults and ensure all laid down system and process are followed as stipulated by audit and senior management through carrying out periodic verification of auditable aspects at the branch.
	Branch Manager – Profile


· Branch Score Card- Responsible for meeting the branch business targets and adherence to all guidelines and regulatory requirements.
· Customer Service- Track and have control on Branch service quality parameters and ensure that the customers get world class services. 
· Audit & Process Management- Responsible for all process related checks as custodian of vaults and ensure all laid down system and process are followed as stipulated by audit and senior management through carrying out periodic verification of auditable aspects at the branch.
· Credit Sanctioning and Monitoring – Post and pre disbursement  of Asset products Gold Loan , LAD , Car loan, Home Loan, Business Loan, working capital funding etc, & generate business revenue from trade, Forex, Remittances etc.
· Legal Aspects – For irregularity of assets accounts need to initiate Filling 138 cases , Suite , DRT & SARFAESI
· Cross Sell Management- Ensure targets of cross sell products like Credit cards, Trading Accounts, Forex, Trade, Life Insurance, General Insurance, Mutual Funds & Assets are met and income is generated from all products
· Training & Staff Management - Ensure all staffs are adequately trained on the products, policies, customer service, compliance and sales process. Responsible for recruitment, managing, and monitoring the performance of resources in the branch and have control on attrition. 
· Branch P&L – Have control on branch expenses and income and drive towards budgeted profit levels.
.

	Track Record – Achievements


· Awarded Certificate for Junior Star and Dinner with MD & CEO Mr. Amitabh Chaturvedi for becoming Pan India Topper 2009 in acquisition of Fixed Deposits, Savings Account and Insurance.
·  “Achiever” in Dhanam RACE Program-Certificate CASA achievement from Regional Head.
· Awarded gift voucher worth 15k for best performer in Mutual funds during JFM 2012-2013.

· Gift Voucher for cross selling 3-1 accounts.

· Awarded Certificates for selling SGB 501 grams*

	Educational Qualification


	Qualification
	University / Board
	Year of Passing



	M.B.A (Finance & HR)   
	Bharathiyar University, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu
	2009

	B.Com (OM&SP)
	Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam, Kerala
	2007

	Higher Secondary                              
	State Board of Public Examination, Govt of Kerala


	2004

	S.S.L.C                                               
	State Board of Public Examination, Govt of Kerala


	2002


	Certifications


•
Diploma in Banking Finance & Insurance , NIIT , Chennai

•
Green Belt in 6 sigma

•
Diploma in Entrepreneurship 
	Technical Skills & Interests


· MS Word, MS Excel, MS Power Point, MS Outlook Express, 
· DTP  Pagemaker, Photoshop  and Tally .

· Cricket, Carom, Movies, Playing key board and Singing
	Personal Profile


Name of Father                 

:
George Jacob

Phone no.


            :
0481 2525839, 9903171276

E-mail Address 

   
            :
jijikuriangeorge@gmail.com 

Date of Birth


            :
05rd March 1985

Nationality



:
Indian.

Sex




:
Male.

Religion & Community


:
Christian, Jacobite

Martial Status


            :
Married

Languages Known


:
Malayalam English, Hindi, Tamil and Bengali

	Declaration


I, here by declare that all the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and 

belief. I also understand that in the event of any information being found to be false my 

Candidature may be terminated.
                                                                                   

                                 yours faithfully
Place:   Kottayam

Date:    03/10/2017                                                                                                          Jiji Kurian George                                                                                            
