

















































Rajesh Kunder

	Sajid Kasam Ali Fhannan

Mobile: +91 8237786716
E-Mail: Fhannans@gmail.com


Career Objective: 

						To learn and function effectively in an organization, constantly upgrade my knowledge and skills and make difference in whatever I do.


Professional Work Experience:

Company: eClerx Services Limited
Experience: April 2018 – Present.
Designation: Senior Analyst.
Job Profile: Asset Servicing Claims (Claims Settlement)

Responsibilities Include:

· Validation and reconciliation of Cash dividends on Equities and coupon payments on Fixed income products on client’s application.
· Billing and settlement of all payables and receivables via multiple payment systems.
· Settlement of claims on timely basis through regular interaction with counterparties for discrepant cases.
· Resolution of queries and complaints on adhoc basis to make sure quality client experience is maintained.
· To handle weekly client calls providing them with the update about high-value receivable claims.
· To receive counterparty calls and handle escalations emails from a counterparty.
· To raise query tickets to the client in case of any discrepancy while validating the claim.
· To be in touch with counterparty via calls and emails to avoid risk and escalations

Company: State Street Syntel Services Pvt. Ltd.
Experience: January 2015 – April 2018.
Designation: Performance Analyst.
Job Profile: Performance and Analytics.

Responsibilities Include:
	
·   Calculating returns on Pension funds on the basis of and Modified Dietz return methodology. This includes the time-weighted approach of calculating returns.
·   Reporting the performance for various asset classes like Equity, Fixed Income, Alternative Investment, and Cash Equivalents.
·   Responsible for sending the Monthly performance reports as per the client deadlines. It includes the reporting at Total, Net Mgr. and Net All level.
·   Create customized excel reports as per the client request.
·   Confirming the trade, corporate action with the respective team if it is impacting the total and security level returns of the portfolio.
·   Calculating the Price-return and Dividend adjusted price return on commingled funds so that the returns are matching as per the assigned Benchmark. Also, check the Total return of the assigned Benchmark by using the Bloomberg.
·   Calculating the Stop the Clock returns on the portfolio if the Net Cash flow is breaching the threshold maintained by the client.
·   Measuring the performance returns of portfolios against the benchmarks set by the clients and creating the reports for the same.
·   Setting up the custom indices as per the client instructions.
·   Confirming the prices and dividends of securities on Bloomberg Terminal.
·   Working on Manager Reconciliation sheet to compare the portfolio returns between custodian and Investment Manager and update the comments if it is breaching the tolerance set by the client.
·   Responsible for onboarding of new clients. This includes setting up on the system, loading the historical returns and Market Values of the portfolios and creating customized benchmarks. 
·   Giving training to new analysts.
·   Working on error logs and thus creating new checks to minimize the errors.
·   Meeting the reporting deadlines on a monthly and quarterly basis so that it doesn't impact the SLA of the process.
·   Worked in flexible hours in order to meet the client deadlines and requirements.
·   Created the simple procedures to understand the process flows and also to understand the client specific procedures.
·   Handling all kinds of queries raised by the clients regarding the trade accrual discrepancy, portfolio returns discrepancy, cash flow discrepancy, etc.
·   Working closely with immediate superiors and managers in work allocation, resolving priority issue affecting the work, and determining ways of improving and streamlining the process.
· 
Accomplishments:

·   Recipient of Organizational Champ Award.
·   Recipient of Organizational Titan Award.
·   Recipient of Organizational Spot Recognition Award


Academic Credentials:

·   Graduated in Bachelor of Management Studies (Finance) in March 2014 with Grade A from BNN College Bhiwandi.



Personal Skills:

·   Good Communication and analytical skills.
·   Active and passionate about the work assigned team player and proactive.
·   Ability to complete work on time with minimum supervision and trustworthiness.
·   A good grasping power which helps me to adapt and understand new concepts very quickly.

Computer Skills:

 MS Powerpoint and MS Excel. 


Personal Information:

Date of Birth : 	31th October 1993.
Languages Known	  : English, Hindi.
Likes: Playing online games, listening to songs.
Residential Address: 938/13, 3rd Floor Ansar Apartment, New Gouri Pada, Near Dargah Road, Bhiwandi - 421302 
	
DECLARATION:

I hereby declare that all information given above is true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place: Bhiwandi                    
Date:                                                                                                                                                       Sajid Fhannan

