























7-271, Naiduthota, Vizag
Andhra Pradesh-530047

7207155503
saishankar1989@gmail.com

Looking for a position where I can integrate strategies to develop and 
expand existing customer sales, brand and product evolution, and 
media endorsement.

HSBC-VIZAG
KYC/AML Due Diligence Analyst
May 2016 - Present
* Tasks responsible for included the enrichment of Customer Due 
Diligence
* Manage existing client CDD process’s to defined SLAs, ensuring any 
risks to the 
timescales are escalated to the Team Leader and Relationship 
Manager.
* Ensured that credit application information was safely stored in the 
database.
* Liaise with the client to gather detailed client information and 
supporting documentation required to complete the CDD profile
* Review and check for completeness of CDD information and 
supporting documentation before submitting the case to CDD 
Operations for review and approval
* Compltetion of extensive due diligence investigations using public 
and private Databases in accordance with Anti-Money Laundering 
(AML).
* Handle requests for additional information from CDD Operations and 
liaise further with the client as required
* Review and check for completeness of CDD information and 
supporting documentation before submitting the case to CDD 
Operations for review and approval
* Ensure the client is able to successfully activate the cash account 
and is in receipt of the ‘tools’ required for channel access

INFOSYS
INTERN
November 2014 - March 2015
Worked in the Infosys as an "Intern trainee engineer" and got involved 

SAI SHANKAR NIDADAVOLU

CAREER OBJECTIVE

EXPERIENCE



3 months

in designing of the applications and also worked on the SQL server and 
Database Management Systems.

Description:
Here we learned designing of the Quick kart application which is 
similar to thr flipkart application using the platform of .NET in the 
visual studio 2010, and for backing the details from front end we used 
the SQL Server 2005/2008.

Andhra University
Electronics and Communication Engineeringwith 7.5 CGPA
2014

Narayana Junior College
Board of Intermediate Educationwith 90%
2010

MNR High School
SSCwith 85.5
2008

Basics of java,C and C++ Enough exposure to EXCEL. Strong 
knowledge on Microsoft outlook,Micrsoft word. Good at Handling MS 
Office tools.

GSM AND GPS BASED LIVE HUMAN DETECTION USING PIR SENSOR
The main aim of our priject is to build a prototyoe of human 
detection robot, which uses a PIR(Passive Infra Red) sensor to detect 
if any human being is present in its vicinity and wireless 
communication GSM and GPS.

Received Top Performer of the month in HSBC, VIZAG. Achieved the 
Superstar role in excelling in the Best place to bank and Best place to 
Ideologies.

Actively participated in hardware expo held by the Andhra University, 
Visakhapatnam and presented "Generation of electricity throw Speed 
Breakers". Actively participated in hardware Expo held by Sanketika 
engineering college.

* Can take the initiative of doing things when required.
* Can manage well within a team.
Transform according to the situations required.

EDUCATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS

PROJECTS

ACHIEVEMENTS & 
AWARDS

ACTIVITIES

PERSONAL 
STRENGTHS



SAI SHANKAR NIDADAVOLU

* Making people comfortable in and around my surroundings to make 
things happen correct.
* Flexible and reliable hard worker.
* Ability to manage stress.
* Can work effectively by giving good productivity and quality in any of 
the rotational shifts.

Date of Birth : 12/02/1991

Nationality : Indian

Known Languages : English,Telugu and Hindi

Hobby : Playing cricket and listening to Music

I hereby declare that the information and facts stated above are true 
and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

PERSONAL PROFILE

DECLARATION


