


















































RAMAKRISHNA   NIMMALA


Sujitha Ojili
Email Id: suji.sep10@gmail.com
Mobile No: 9515764383
Professional Summary
· Having 1 year 10 months of experience in development of Server/Client side Programming and Front-End development by using all Java API and related technologies.
· Expertise in Object-Oriented Programming/ Development and Design skill.
· Strong implementation knowledge of Core Java.
· Expertise in Core Java topics and debugged applications.
· Experience of developing REST (JAXRS), SOAP (JAXWS) and based web services including both consumer and provider end in enterprise application development
· Hands on experience in application development using Spring Boot, Spring MVC and Hibernate frameworks.
· Extensive Experience in using MVC (Model View Controller) architecture for developing applications using Angular js, JSP, Servlets..
· Good understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC),agile methodology process in the areas of Analysis, Design, Implementation and Testing of Software Applications using Java/J2EE technologies.
· Having excellent analytical, communication and monitoring skills. Easy learning and flexible to work of different kinds of API’s and technologies.
Educational Qualification

·  Master of Computer Application   from JNTU Anantapur.
WORK EXPERIENCE
· Working as Software Engineer in   Sailotech pvt ltd from October 2016 to till date.
SKILL SET
	Programming Languages
	C, and Java.

	Java Technologies
	JavaSE, JavaEE.

	Web Technologies
	Angular js,HTML, Ajax, XML, Servlets, JSP and JSTL.

	Frameworks
	Hibernate 5.0, Spring 4.0.

	Database
	Oracle10g, postgres.

	Web Servers	
	Tomcat7

	Scripting
	JavaScript

	IDE
	Eclipse, Netbeans and MYEclipse.



Project Summary:

Project #1
Project: XATTAX
Team size: 10
Time Lines: Jan 2017 to till Date
Role: Java Developer
Project Description:
GST ready software - XaTTaX offers several value-added features to offer you a seamless user experience, whether filing returns, claiming refunds or processing any other transaction, strictly complying with the GST requirements. Apart from that, it offers a multi-layered security mechanism, which implies that whatever transactions you process are 100% secure and confidential.	
Roles & Responsibilities:
·  Used Spring Boot to create this application on MVC architecture.
·  Writing Spring-data code to communicate with Database.
·  Worked in implementing Hibernate audit Trail.
·  Worked in implementing Rest api call.
· Involved in creating web pages using HTML, Angular Description.
·  Involved in Security Module and Junit test cases.

Environment:  AngularJS, Spring Boot, Spring-data, HTML, CSS, JavaScript
    Spring REST, postgresql , Eclipse IDE, maven, svn


PERSONAL DETAILS:
Name	:	Sujitha Ojili
Father Name	:	Krishnaiah
Marital Status	:	Single
Language known	:	English, Telugu.
DECLARATION: 
	I hereby declare that the above information furnished by me is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
Place	: Hyderabad                 							(Sujitha Ojili)
Date	:



















