















































               MARK ANTHONY FERNANDES     
 

Phone: +919830107170; +913324975812 

1.markfernandes@gmail.com  •  linkedin.com/in/mark-fernandes-0b34446 
 

3rd Floor, A 1/6 Diamond Park, Joka, Kolkata 700104 

 

PROFILE 
15+ years’ experience in Recruitment, Sourcing & Human Resource Outsourcing industry, with focus 

on client development & relationship deepening through continuous improvement; leading teams to 

achieve customer, client & organizational commitments through continuous change. 

 
Entrepreneurship Sourcing Learning & Development 

Change Management     HR Operations   Talent Development 

Process Improvement Rewards & Recognition Training & Coaching 

EXPERIENCE 

CAPGEMINI INDIA PVT. LTD. Sept. 2014 Till Date 

Part of Capgemini’s largest HRO account, a world leading agribusiness organization. The client is 

present in 92 countries across the world; Playing a focused role in the People & OD processes including 

Recruitment, Learning & Development, Performance Management and Talent Development. Manage 

multiple teams & different stakeholders to provide operational excellent.  

Presently managing a transition role which involves implementation of Workday & ServiceNow. 

O UK - RECRUITMENT & TALENT MANAGEMENT     SEPT 2014 TO OCT 2017 
O GLOBAL LEARNING & DEVELOPMENT                     MAR 2015 TO FEB 2018 
O GLOBAL TALENT DEVELOPMENT                              FEB 2016 TO FEB 2018 
O PROJECTS                                                                       MAR 2017 ONWARDS 
O TRANSITION LEAD, INDIA DELVERY                          DEC 2017 ONWARDS 

Project based responsibility 

External Projects: These are projects which impact both the customer & internal teams. 

o HR Transformation: WORKDAY, SERVICENOW implementation: Part of the project team 

which is developing the people/process/technology requirements to successfully implement 

Workday & ServiceNow for our client worldwide. The role require me to drive the transition 

for India Delivery Center which caters to India, Singapore & Philippines; support the design & 

implementation of new structure on Capgemini side org chart; ensure the delivery of training 

on new processes, tools & service delivery model; drive the implementation of the role of the 

service advisory & work closely with the project team to provide input in terms of FTEs, 

volumes analysis, regional risks & issues and input for cut-over planning 

mailto:reachmark21@gmail.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/mark-fernandes-0b34446


 Resume: Mark Anthony Fernandes 

 

o Global Rewards & Recognition program: this included training to Payroll, HR Administration 

& Service Desk team leaders across delivery centers in Brazil/ China/ India/ Poland who 

provide service to employees across 92+ countries; creation and updating of knowledge bases, 

sharing learnings from the hyper care period and managing the change processes. 

Internal Project: These are global/ India based projects to help in transformation of internal resource 

o Standardization of Learning across delivery centers: Our delivery centers in Brazil, China, 

Poland & India are now moving towards a standard learning experience both at the processor 

and team leader level – resulting in a global approach when dealing with the end customer;  

 

Part of a 3-member core team implementing the tools, courses/ learning approach, repository 

tracking mechanism to continuously have a highly skilled and global work force. I focused on 

collection of all possible training courses/actions and consolidated the same in phase 1; in 

phase 2, I am working closely with the coaches, technical team & representative of each 

delivery center to move toward standardized trainings being imparted, employee engagement 

through learning interventions, effective tracking & reporting. 

 

o HR Leadership Pathway – helped conceive and organise a tailor-made leadership pathway for 

the project’s leadership team – circa 70 nominees across 3 continents are learning together 

using digital learning – webinars, eLearning, videos etc. and are sharing their experiences 

through periodic internal review calls. 

 

o Knowledge Management – The focus is to have a standard knowledge approach for all Team 

leaders and above; This means a continuous capture of all relevant knowledge and best 

practices across delivery centers (Brazil/ China/ Poland/ India) and internalizing the usage of 

the same. 
 

o Mange the Rewards & Recognition program for my present Business Unit which involves 

collaboration & program vision internalization with Service Delivery Managers & HR; Budget 

management; Manage quarterly communication & award ceremony 

Operations based responsibility 

RECRUITMENT  

o Recruitment of niche roles, bulk roles & growth projects; sourced using multiple channels 

including job boards, search firms, assessment centers; oversee entire cycle from requisition 

generation to post offer acceptance. Over 1000+ offer letter released during the time frame 

including 200+ as a project during the 18-month span 

o As a change agent, worked closely with the client (HR Business Partner community and Line 

Managers) to match expectations & provide multiple process improvements which helped in 

building and deepening relationships; Internalized the usage of Taleo (recruitment tool) 



 Resume: Mark Anthony Fernandes 

Contact: 9830107170 

o Team management; Analysis of sourcing channels 

o Projects 

o Growth/Bulk recruitment & offer management for new center of excellence 

o Successfully managed transition: pilot for new global talent acquisition process 

o Collaborated & shared domain knowledge on a project to build a recruitment 

administration tool. 
LEARNING & DEVELOPMENT 

o Successfully stabilized & increased scope for the service that focuses on global learning programs 

(include nominated programs and R&D Academy) 

o Effective change management in first two quarters 

o removed negative perception & noise inherited with service  

o resulted in relationship deepening with Program Owners  

o Collaborated with stakeholder with focus on continuous improvement leading to 

o Optimized processes in place in first two quarters leading to structured nomination actions 

on LMS, effective communications with learners and minimization of session cancellations. 

o some improvements used as best practices during Global Learning Solution phase 1 (2017) 

o invitation to be party to the R&D academy’s annual training vendors review 

o participation in relevant agile sessions during Global Learning Solution phase 1 

o Increase scope in 2016 & 2017 with additional course & gained additional revenues in 2016 through 

financial CRs; Managed deliverable with a lean & cross trained team 

o Helped team & client to internalize change and adopt new ways of working as new LMS tool is 

operationalized post Global Learning Solution phase 1 go live in 2017 

o Work closely with Program Owners, CoEs & Regional L&D members to manage expectations and 

build relationships; Global L&D has gained a good image among the client L&D community & is 

administering trainings across all geographies where the client has its presence. 

 
TALENT DEVELOPMENT 

o Successfully transitioned service in 2016; successfully cross trained L&D team members to manage 

TD service resulting in savings for the project in both cycles; green belt certification awarded. 

o Effectively handled HR Business Partner community over two cycles giving qualitative support 

with zero escalation even though 2016 tool had performance issues. 

o Effective change management applied in 2017 as there is a change in tool and self-service option 

available for HR Business partners; Multiple tool improvements suggested and implemented 

o Helped consolidate scope and provide areas of scope expansion for future cycles. 

o Handle confidential data and provide good governance  

 

Skills 

o Client relationship management 

o Operations delivery & change management 

o Mentoring & developing talent 

o Recruitment & offer management using “Taleo” 

o Learning administration & invoicing using “SumTotal”, Easy Procure,  

o Talent Development & Performance Management outcome recording  



 Resume: Mark Anthony Fernandes 

 

 

 

PARADIGM VENTURES PVT LTD Nov 2013 to Aug 2014 

Senior Consultant 

o Paradigm is a Chennai based search firm specialized in automotive and manufacturing industry. 

My focus was to grow Kolkata as a profitable branch and build the consumer products vertical. 

o Managed niche search/ head hunting assignments & client mapping independently; managed other 

junior recruiters to source bulk positions   

o Focused on international assignments in Indonesia, Singapore & Middle East 

 

TOUCHSTONE MANAGEMENT SUPPORT SERVICES PVT. LTD  Aug 2004 to Oct 2013 

Chief Consultant 

o Joined a start up and grew the company over the decade gaining entrepreneurial exposure. 

o Top line growth via extensive business development & quality delivery; Development & retention 

of human resource; brand & communication; creation of all infrastructure & policies to equip team 

to function effectively. Joint review of business risks, profitability and cash flow management. 

Extensive change management exposure. 

o Clientele included BSFI, FMCG/ Consumer Products, Pharmaceuticals, EPC and ITES industry. 

Partnered clients in Growth, Special Projects, Bulk hiring, campus hiring 

Some projects: 

o 80% of the manpower supplied to an E-Learning major’s new Kolkata Development Center  

o Tailor made Campus Hiring for a MNC Pharmaceutical – including pipeline management 

o Bulk hiring for a MNC Bank’s BPO subsidiary – pan India 

o Industry mapping – FMCG, Automotive, Consumer Durables & pharmaceuticals  

o Sourcing of International talent for India based roles with Indian companies 

o 90% hiring for a smaller EPC and design company 

o CXO hiring in the FMCG/ Manufacturing / pharmaceutical sector 



 Resume: Mark Anthony Fernandes 

Contact: 9830107170 

 

 

 

CORE CAREERS PVT. LTD   Sept 2001 till July 2004 

Assistant Team Leader  

o Created & developed the ITES business vertical, including a new office in Bangalore 

o Developed and serviced clients in the Manufacturing, FMCG, BFSI and ITES sectors 

EDUCATION 

o Post Graduate Diploma in Human Resources, St. Xavier’s College Calcutta (2014) 

o Bachelor of Commerce (Honors), St. Xavier’s College, Calcutta (2001) 

 

 

CERTIFICATION 
o Lean Six Sigma - Green Belt ( Sept 2017) 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

o Languages: English, Bengali, Hindi, Konkani 
 

 
 


