













































Resume


DHANANJAY   KUMAR  

PROFILE SUMMARY  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 CA with 16+ years of experience in F&A operation management, delivery excellence, pre-sales, 
client management and controllership functions 

 Implementation of large Finance Transformation programme, new technology led automation and 
effective change management 

 Solution design for F&A horizontal across industries/geographies including RFX responses, due 
diligence/discoveries, process definition, and technology solution  

 Transition management and overall in-charge of delivery during the transition, parallel run and steady 
state operations 

 Benchmarking and continuous improvement projects for the Client 
 

EDUCATION   

 Chartered Accountancy, May’02  

 B.com from Delhi University , July’01 

WORK  EXPERIENCE  

 

Genpact India 

 

Since Nov. 16 – Assistant Vice President – Global Process Lead (R2R) 

 

KEY ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 

 

 Responsible for driving process transformation, leveraging new technologies such as Robotics 
Process Automation and providing predictable delivery to clients across 4 delivery centers 

 Design and delivery of an outcome based metrics, driving business impact and achieving 
performance linked incentive  

 Accountable for effective execution of finance transformation project across the delivery centers 
including communication and business change management activities 

 TEL:   +91 9689890154 

 Email: dhananjay.ca@gmail.com 

~ Operations management  

~ Strong leadership skill 

~ Transition management 

~ F&A process transformation 

~ F&A solution design 

~ Large & diverse team development 

~ Strong customer orientation 

~ Global process ownership 

~ Quality management  

A FAO professional with 16+ years of experience in: 



 

 Ownership of successful transition and delivery of business process from new business unit or 
processes arising out of acquisition of new business by client 

 Responsible for driving the process dimension across functions and across delivery locations to 
ensure an enterprise wide and truly cross-functional approach to the way services are delivered 

 Driving operationally effective and measurable continuous improvements through design and 
delivery of process, system & solutions that generate value for Client. 

 

 

Infosys BPO Ltd.  

 

Jan. 13 to Nov.16 - Senior Consultant – Solution Design (F&A Practice) 

 

KEY ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 

 

 Creating customised solution and responding to RFX’s for F&A services to new clients, mapping 
with best in class practices and  articulating innovative and differentiated value proposition, 

 Undertake strategic assessment, solution identification, due diligence and recommend solutions to 
new and existing clients 

 Entrusted with the responsibility of collaborating with clients for finance transformation levers, 
restructuring the resource arrangement to optimise clients’ finance function cost, and assume business 

partnering role by integrating business objectives with finance objectives 

 As part of marketing function, responding to surveys and presentation to various analyst firms (e.g. 
Gartner, Everest etc.) 

 Co-ordination with multiple teams within organisation e.g. with technology solution team for bolt on 
tools and platforms, with sales team for preparation of marketing collateral and flyers etc. 

 

Dec.09 to Dec. 12 – Senior Operations Manager, (F&A Horizontal) 

 

KEY ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 

 

 Managed end to end F&A process delivery for two clients for multiple geographic locations. 
Additional responsibility of ensuring Go-Live for a key manufacturing clients’ F&A process 

 Responsibility includes presentations and discussions with the client, scoping of the off shored work, 
Transition Management and overall in-charge of delivery 

 Responsible for revenue and gross margin performance of the business. Billing of more than $4 
million annually. 

 Client relationship management, implementation of external governance model and direct 
responsibility for C-SAT 

 Benchmarking and Transformation project for the Client 

 Involved in critical phase of stabilizing F&A function of Media client of Infosys.  
 

 

 



Ford Business Service Centre (Subsidiary Ford Motor Company, USA) –  

 

April 08 to Oct 09 - Deputy Manager, General Ledger Accounting, Asia Pacific Region. 

 

KEY ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 

 Handling General Ledger accounting as per US GAAP and Local GAAP for 6 Ford National 
Company in Asia Pacific Region. 

 Monthly and Quarterly Financial submission to consolidated books of Ford USA as per US GAAP. 

 Monthly P&L account and balance sheet review, maintenance of Fixed Assets Register, Account 
reconciliation of Balance sheet accounts including Bank recon and variance analysis. 

 Preparation of Financial Statements including all the schedules, Cash Flow and Notes to accounts for 
Ford in India. Filling of eTDS returns 

 Making monthly presentation to Director and MD highlighting key issues which require management 
attention. 

 

Aug 07 to April 08  Deputy Manager, Global Payable Accounting 

Feb 06 to July 07   Senior Business analyst, European payable, BCP champion and S-Ox review. 

 

KEY ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 

 Handled supplier payment and their accounting of Ford and associated brand owned by Ford Motor 
Company for North America, Europe and Asia Pacific Region. 

 Handled complete Accounts Payable and Business Application S-Ox review and certification for 
Volvo Car Corporation, Sweden 

 Championed BCP for Global payable function, ensuring that all the vital and critical functions will be 
performed at offsite location in the event of unforeseen circumstances. 

 

June 2002 to Jan. 2006  G.M.Kapadia & Co.-Branch-In-Charge (New Delhi) 

 

Mumbai based Chartered Accountant firm providing Auditing and consultancy services to various clients. 

Key role and responsibilities includes statutory audit including planning, risk assessment, understanding the 

client's business and assessing the internal control.  

 

SIGNIFICANT ACCOMPLISHMENT 

 Established and delivered industry best outcome based metrics for BS reconciliations and achieved 
exceed expectation performance linked incentive for the organisation    

 Delivered 80% higher Gross Margin than target over the period of 3 years 

 Expanded one of the engagement from 15 FTE to 50 FTEs and won project based additional business 

 Rated as best manager for delivering higher GM, business growth, improved customer satisfaction and 

least attrition  

 Identified Major Control gap in S-Ox review and fixed the same and avoided potential loss of 

minimum $1 million to Volvo Car Corporation 

 

DATE  : Monday, December 17, 2018  

PLACE: Gurgaon        (DHANANJAY KUMAR)   


