
















































Rajesh Arunrao Ingole

Rajesh Arunrao Ingole
163/1, Warsha Colony, Near Farsi Bus Stop,
Amravati – 444 605

Mob: 7219274068   Email: rajesh.ingole26@gmail.com                                                                                                                          


Personal Summary
I am an ambitious person with 6+ years of experience in Software Development and have a passion for application development. I love to keep myself updated so that I always stay at the cutting edge of development. I am looking for a suitable position with a company where I can use my development skills and work on a variety of projects. 

Employment History 
Consultant
Capgemini (May 2016 to Present)
Project Details :  Client - Barclays

Currently working on Ussd based mobile application which provides services to feature phone.

This app is mobile banking platform that gives a new meaning to banking anytime, anywhere. It allows you to:

·         Check your balance.

·         Make bill payments.

·         View your mini-statement

·         Transfer money

·         Top up your airtime

·         Make a cheque book request

 

With Hello Money you can self register and choose your own PIN dial *229# and have unlimited access to account anytime anywhere, as long as there is mobile connectivity.

Technologies used :

Java7, J2EE, Spring MVC, Sql, Pl/SQL, JIRA, Oracle
 
Roles and Responsibilities:
· End to End project module development independently
· Technically helping the developers in the team, also interacting with client
· Code Implementation fitting with current application framework
· Involved in discussions and be a part of the development team
· Deployment, Defect fixing and Testing
· Interviewing candidates for project requirement
Software Engineering Sr. Analyst,

Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd., Pune (June 2015 to April 2016)

· Project module development using Java/J2EE, Web Services
· Involved in discussions and be a part of the development team 

· Communicate to TL, Project Manager for any progress and delays

· Technically helping the junior developers in the team

· Successfully established the code review process in the team

· Reviewing the code of the team members and provide comments

· Defect fixing and Testing 

Also worked with 

HCL Technologies LTD., Noida (May 2014 to May 2015), IT – NetworkZ, Nagpur (August 2012 – to April 2014), 
CCIT Technology, Amravati (August 2011 – July 2012)


Achievements
· Awarded as Live wire, Spot award for best performance in two subsequent quarter in 2014 by HCL Technologies
· Recognition for contribution towards Training Delivery & Development for Oct-Dec 2014 & Jan-Mar 2015 by HCL Tech. TEX Academy
Skills

	Languages

	C , C++ , Java

	Web Technology
	HTML , JavaScript , CSS3 , JQuery

	Database
	Oracle 10g(SQL, PL/SQL) , SQL Server

	Java/J2EE Technology
	Core Java , JSP , Servlet , JDBC , Swing, CDI, Web Services-Rest

	Java Frameworks
	Spring, Hibernate , Struts

	Java Automation Framework’s  
	Selenium, Geb, Junit,  Mockito, Jacoco                                  

	Continuous integration tool
	Jenkins

	.net Technology   
	C# , VB.net , Asp.net

	PHP
	Core PHP

	Version control system  
	GIT, Mercurial

	Software Development Methodologies
	Agile (Scrum) , Waterfall

	Project Management Tools
	Rally, RTC, JIRA, Crucible


Certifications
· Oracle Certified Professional , Java SE6 Programmer 



Education

	Institute
	Year
	Qualification                            Percentage
	

	N H College of Engineering
	2007 – 2013
	Bachelor of Engineering               60.68
	

	Brijlal Biyani Science College
	2006 – 2007
	HSC                                                   71.00
	




Personal Information

DOB                     : 09 – Aug – 1989 

Name                  : Rajesh Ingole
Marital Status    : Single
The above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Rajesh A Ingole

