













































CURRICULUM VITAE  

  

Shravya S V 

Channa reddy building,  

Doddathogur.Eletronic city.                                                         Email: Shravya.s9980@gmail.com  

Bangalore -560100                                                           +91-7760633863 (mob)                                                                                                                                                                

 

  

OBJECTIVE:  

  

Bachelor in commerce with over 4 years of Financial accounting experience, both technically 

focused and customer oriented. I am looking for a career that is both challenging and enhances my 

growth further. To fully use my interpersonal and academic skills to pursue a challenging and 

rewarding career.  
  

FIELD STRENGHTS:  

  

Comprehensive problem solving abilities, good communication skills, ability to coordinate, team facilitator, 

diligent, willing to change for better and learn.  

  

WORK EXPERIENCE -4:  

  

 Currently employed with Capgemini technologies PVT LTD as a Senior Process Associate(A4) 
with over 2 year experience (AUGUST-2016 Till date)  

 Infosys: Business Operations Private Limited supporting as a Financial Accounting Services 
for 18 months. (September-2014 to July-2016)  
  

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:   

  

Organization      :   Capgemini Title   

     :   Senior Process Associate  

Duration of Employment  :   18/08/2016 to Till date.  

  

RESPONSIBILITIES IN FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING:   

  

Fixed Assets  

  

 Creating the project cost with information provided by client and Setup the Projects structure in system.  

 Recording fixed asset acquisitions in the accounting system.  

 Retiring/scraping the assets based on client’s request.  

 Performing the Intra and Inter Plant Fixed Assets transfer as per client’s request.   

 Preparing weekly and monthly report to management such as, Capital invoice project, Monthly  Fixed 
Asset reports and other scheduled report.  

 Performing depreciation for all fixed assets in month end.  

 Analyzing the Depreciation variation between current and previous month by cost center.  



 Preparing root cause and preventive action with controls in all sensitive areas.  

 Tracking all information in the share drive once the Capital Project/Asset is completed.  

 Reconcile the balance in the fixed asset subsidiary ledger to the summary-level account in the general 
ledger  

  

Intercompany activities  

  

 Intercompany netting  

 Cash receipts   

 Quarterly charge outs  

 Feban clearing on daily bases and sending the final report to the clients.  

 Receivables reports on every month end.  
  

General activities  

  

 Validate different types of journals which are sent by clients with all the supporting.   

 Raising Queries to clients if any errors or issues which we come across while posting the journals.  

 Preparing journals on Payroll, Accrual, Provision & Prepaid journals.  

 Quality check for posted by team.   

 General ledger and Sub-ledger reconciliations and helping the team members for any challenges in the 
reconciliation and other activities.   

 Giving trainings to the team members and creating backup, preparing the desk top procedure.  

 Taking calls with clients regarding quarries and checking for controllership or for any update.  

 Advance payment validating and posting in SAP.  

 Preparing month end reports like reconciliations reports, FA reports.  

 Helping the new joiners for process knowledge training and buddyup.  Capturing the Internals and externals 
errors and submitting the details to Team Lead for root cause.  

  

Reviews:  
  

 Responsible for all the JE reviews for the team.  

 Ensure 100% compliance of process SLA within the agreed TAT with the client.  
  

Reporting & Responsible:  
  

 Amending and updating the DTP’s on quarterly basis and sending it for approval  

 Come up with significant process improvements/ initiatives which yield productivity and/or improve 
the Quality/time of the process.  

 Training New Joiners and conducting process overview sessions.  
  

Achievement:  
   

 Received “Best Overall Performer” Merit Certificate from Capgemini.  

http://www.accountingtools.com/definition-subledger
http://www.accountingtools.com/definition-subledger
http://www.accountingtools.com/definition-account
http://www.accountingtools.com/definition-account
http://www.accountingtools.com/definition-general-ledger
http://www.accountingtools.com/definition-general-ledger
http://www.accountingtools.com/definition-general-ledger
http://www.accountingtools.com/definition-general-ledger
http://www.accountingtools.com/definition-general-ledger


 Received “Excellence outstanding performance and lasting contribution at R2A” from Capgemini.  

 Received “Hall of Fame” for the Month.  

 Received “Quarterly award” for the best performer.  

 Provided KAIZEN idea for new process improvement.  

 Taken training on Six Sigma.   

 Awarded for the best participated in team from Infosys.  

 Awarded for “Individual Extra Miler Award”   
  

  

  

  

  

Tools:  

  

 SAP  

 Assure Net/Cadency  

 BPOpen  
 MS Office  

  

  

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:  

  

 B.Com from Vijayanagar College Bellary – 2014 aggregate with 86%.  

 PUC from Vijayanagar College Bellary -2011 aggregate with 66%  

 Schooling from Connie English Mediam school -2009 aggregate with 63%  
  

PERSONAL PROFILE :  

  

Name                    :        Shravya. S  

Date of Birth      :        22nd June 1993  

Languages Known    :        English, Hindi, Kannada, Telugu and Tamil.     

  


