
















































A.P MAMATHA SREE
E-mail: mamatha.sree93@gmail.com                                               Contact: +91 – 07330709671
Career Objective:- 
To seek a challenging career in HR in a progressive organization that enables me to contribute
my knowledge and skills for the welfare of the organization.
Educational Qualification:-
· PGDM in HR from ICBM - SBE, Hyderabad.
· BBA from Osmania University with 77.5% in 2016.
· MPC - Board of Intermediate Education with 81% in 2013.
· SSC from St. Ann’s High School with 82% in 2011.
Core Skills:-
· Team Player
· Self - motivated 
· Good communication skills.
Technical skills:-
· MS–Office.
· Zoho- HR
· Orange HRM 
Internship Experience: - 
Internship – 1
Name of Company 	- Bankkart.	
Designation       	- HR Intern.
Duration 		- 45 days.
Description		- To manage HR process, training programs and HR strategies .To
                                       perform various online and campus hiring programs .To coordinate with
                                       campus, managers for HR requirements, Database management and HR
                                       presentations as assigned by the organization.

Internship – 2
Name of the company 	- Vijaya Diagnostics Centre Pvt. Ltd
Year                     	  	- 2017
Designation    		- HR Intern.
Duration			- 2 months.
Description			- To source candidates from various online sources. To co-ordinate
                                                   and conduct interview process. To manage database of recruited
                                                   and selected candidates and co-ordinate in performing joining
                                                   formalities of newly joined candidates.
Work Experience –
Name of the company              - Reliant Vision.
Year                                          - 2018
Designation                               - IT Recruiter and Sales
Duration                                    - 4 months.
Description                                - Sourcing the candidates through various Job Boards, marketing
                                                     the profile of the consultants, to understand the various US tax  
                                                     terms, cold calling and communicating with the clients and 
                                                      vendors on daily basis.                              
Academic Projects:-
· A Case Study on Recruitment and Selection at Vijaya Diagnostic Centre.
· A Comparative Study on Performance of Mutual Funds in India and International Mutual Funds.
Awards and Achievements:-
· As Organizer for BBA workshop in Aurora College.
· Participated in ANVESHANA- National Training Program on Guiding Research Projects- Methodology.
· Participated in Workshop on “New Banking Policies & RBI Stipulations To Resolve The Problems Related To Financial Inclusion.
· Received ‘The Best Team Award” in Entrepreneurship Development Program.

DATE: -                                                                             
PLACE: - HYDERABAD                                                               A.P MAMATHA SREE
