
















































Chitranshu Shrivastava
		E-mail  	:Chitranshu.3107@gmail.com
Title               Business Support Senior Associate		Phone	: +91 9513114364
Location       Bangalore, India		Address	: BTM, Bangalore, Karnataka, 
Languages   English (fluent), Hindi (native)		India.
					

Experience Summary

I aim to work as an integral part of a reputed organization to put in my efforts for the growth of the organization and to enable myself to achieve and surpass corporate and personal goals.

This role involves user access security administration to Dell’s Key Financial Systems, Other Significant Systems and Non Key Systems and also responsible for implementing controls on all the Security processes for Global Information Solutions (GIS) Securities.

Skills

	Technical
	
	
	
	

	
· SQL

· MS excel
	
	
	
	

	· Manual Testing
	
	
	
	

	· RPA TOOL- UiPath
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	



Work experience

DellInternational Services Pvt Ltd	April 2016 — April 2018

Business Support senior associate

Responsibilities:

· Experience in Information Securities in Dell.
· This role involves user access security administration to Dell’s Key Financial Systems, Other Significant Systems and Non Key Systems and also responsible for implementing controls on all the Security processes for Global Information Solutions (GIS) Securities.
· Dell Internal tools include DFS (Dell Finical Services) for Access and Termination	.
· Identify and remove terminated users from applications that GIS supports.
· Troubleshoot and resolve issues maintaining SLA
· Define and Document processes and procedure by following standards and procedures to comply with government regulations and internal controls
· Follow up on escalations and issue tracking      .
· Undertaking research on root cause of Incidents to resolve the ticket raised on Service now.
· Involved in projects like ownership and approver changes, application and AD group creations or modification.
· Pulling of users list and details from the data base, consolidating and validating for User Access Review.
· Keep a track on user’s termination on Weekly termination, Scouts review and Audit reviews.
· On job training for new hires in guiding them the process and training
· Experienced in Handling Escalations, Internal Auditing and Team Management.
· Ability to understand functional requirements and design documents.






Uipath Automation Bots:



Task 1: User Creation Process

Application: Delta Application (Siebel based)

Challenge: Support team receives user creation request on daily basis and every time then need to perform same steps for multiple users to create them or giving them access in Delta Application (Siebel based).

Details:I have created bot on Delta Application (Siebel based) for user creation process, bot will read the data from excel file then login to application, navigate to User creation process page and fill the details into application which robot read from excel file.
Once all the information filled robot will click on new button on application and read the 2nd rows data from excel and enter them into application again.
After entering all the information into application from excel file robot will send an email to all users along with support team, stating that access has been given to users please verify and revert in case of any concern.

Awards & Recognition

· Got Appreciation from team members for quick learning and onboarding into project within the short time.
· I have done Manual testing Course from SEED Pune.
· Successfully completed Ui-Path (RPA) certification.


Education

	Course
	Institution
	Major/Minor
	Score
	Year of Passing

	Bachelor of Technology
	Guru Nanak Institute of Engg&Tech,Nagpur
	Computer Science.

	69.2%.
	June, 2014

	HSC
	KendriyaVidyalayaBalaghat School (M.P).
	Mathematics, Science, Computer Science.
	64%
	March, 2010

	SSC
	KendriyaVidyalayaBalaghat School (M.P).
	Mathematics, Science, Computer Science.
	75%
	March, 2008



PERSONAL INFORMATION

	Date of Birth
	31 July 1992

	Father’s Name
	Mr. Manoj Shrivastava

	Gender
	Female

	Contact No.
	9513114364

	Nationality
	Indian

	Languages
	English, Hindi

	Permanent Address
	BTM Bangalore



Declaration

I hereby declare that the particulars given here in are true to the best of my knowledge and belief and I am in possessionof the documents as proof of the claims made above.


Place                                                                                                                                           Date















		4
