















































CURRICULAM-VITAE


Pankaj Sheshrao Chalakh
At Post-Tadas layout, Raghuji Nagar 
Wardha. Maharashtra					Email: -pankaj.7heven@gmail.com ContactNo.:+91-9665424064(M).


	Career Objective:



An experienced and well maintained professional having ample amount of knowledge in banking sector and seeking an opportunity in the organization to use my skills and be able to contribute to the firm for which I am working. I will put my best effort to learn the company’s policies and make better decisions in the favour of the company.


	Professional Experience:



AXIS BANK LTD. 
(Wardha) (March2014 - Till Date)
Assistant Manager – Operation

Job Profile / Responsibilities:
· Customer service and Lobby management.
-  Processing Customers instructions requests, like A/c Closure, Stop payment,
         Address change,contacts details updation,A/c opening etc.
· Custodian of Cheque book and Welcome kits.
· Adhering KYC while delivering chequebook,Instant Debit card and Welcome Kits.
· Authorization of Teller transactions like Cash Receipts/payments, Fund Transfer, RTGS, Outward Clearing Inward Clearing.
· Daily reports generating.
· Cross selling of CASA,FD ,RD ,GI  and Insurance products.
· Generating Asset leads.
· Maintaining the branch level MIS of revenue generation on daily basis, forwarding the same to BM. 

Audit Compliance and Ensuring 5’s Implementation in the branch.

	Education Profile :



Post-Graduation diploma in banking services form ICICI Manipal University Bangalore
(Through Axis Young Bankers Program)

B.E-Computer science &Engineering from M.G.M’s College of EngineeringNanded, under S.R.T.M.Universitywith aggregate percentage of  65.91%

H.S.C: Year of passing 2007
                From: MSBSHS
                Percentage: 78.50%
S.S.C: Year of passing 2005
                      From: C.B.S.C
                      Percentage: 63.50%

	Certifications:



· NISM series- VI Depository operations certification. 
· NISM series-V-A Mutual Fund Distributor certification.

	Key Skills and strengths:


· Providing solution to the customer’s problems
· Selling insurance policies to the customers and giving them after sale services
· Providing banking solutions to the rising needs of the customers
· Good typing skills of 75 wpm
· Good knowledge of management software and usage of its tools
· Knowledge with Microsoft office kit – MS Excel, MS Word, Power Point, and excel.
	Personal Profile:
	



Name			:          Pankaj Sheshrao Chalakh
Date of Birth		:          22 March 1989.
Marital Status		:          Single.
Language known	:          English, Marathi, Hindi.
Nationality		: Indian.
Permanent Address  :At Post Tadas-layout,
 Raghuji Nagar,Wardha MH.

	Declaration :



The above furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 



Date: 							              (Signature)
Wardha							Mr. Pankaj S. Chalakh
