




































Deepak Mall

Vandna Bhimjiyani
E- Mail: vandna.thakkar11@gmail.com,  vruti_11@yahoo.com
                                 Contact: 7435899051, 









                     9909474259
Career Vision
Seeking challenging assignments & a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Information Technology Industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible. Passionate  professional willing to work hard and put extra efforts.
Synopsis
· A skilled professional with 5+  years of experience in Java development covering multiple technologies and 1 year experience of business analysis.
· 1.5 year of experience as Team Leader, with skill in motivating and leading peers, scheduling project activities and managing the project efficiently.
· 8 months part time experience in analysis and design of project.
· 6 months of JAVA teaching experience.
Personal Highlights
· Have a good exposure to various phases of SDLC including Analysis, Designing, Coding and Testing etc.
· Expertise in Database Design, Creation and Management of Schemas, writing Stored Procedures, Functions, DDL, DML SQL queries.

·  Excellent team worker with strong coaching and mentoring skills. Experience in Leading teams, task assignation, sizing and identifying the risks associated with the delivery of the item.
· Proven expertise in using new tools to drive improvements and achieve organizational objectives & profitability norms.
· Have a significant input into training materials compiled for new recruits.
· Coordinated with end users to define engagement & communicate technical issues along with project development and define resource estimation.
Key skills and competencies
	Languages
	 JAVA, C/C++, SQL,PHP

	Java Technologies
	 J2SE, J2EE, JSP, Servlets ,Java Beans,JDBC, JPA

	Frameworks
	Spring, Hibernate

	Database
	 Oracle, Mysql, MongoDB

	Database Tools
	 MySQL WorkBench, Aqua Data Studio

	Servers
	 Glassfish, Apache Tomcat 

	IDE
	 NetBeans, Eclipse,PhpStorm

	Code Management
	 SVN , Git

	Other Tools & Libraries
	RESTFul webservices, JUnit, Findbugs, Sonar,   Maven , log4j, gson

	Development
	HTML, CSS, Javascript, AJAX, JQuery, DHTML, JSON, Velocity , FreeMarker,  XML


Empoyment Recital
NascentInfo InfoTechnologies




Sr. Executive     ( Mar ’18 –present)  
· Upgraded spring boot version from 1.4 to 2 for existing project.
· LDAP  Authentication setup using spring security.
· Implemented Booking and appointment system.
· Designed Database for property tax system for vadodara municipal corporation(VMC).
Scalsys Technologies





Sr. Executive     ( Nov ’15 – Oct ‘17)  
· Upgraded project to java 8. Restructured codebase and unit tested it.
· Excellent use of Relational Databases, MySQL and ORM technologies (Hibernate) 
· Participated in peer and code review activities.
· Incorporated Spring Data REST on top of Spring Data JPA.
Spec India






 Sr. Executive     ( July ’14 – Spetember ‘14)   
· Responsible for gathering user requirement and analyze it.
· Study SRS, develop, unit & integration test module accordingly.
· Developed across all layers of a JEE application (front-end, web tier, services tier).
· Rich Expertise in handling vast database using database features like stored procedure, triggers.
Prisha Skills Enterprise




 Sr. Executive     ( Sep ’13 – April ‘14)   
· Responsible for gathering user requirement and analyze it.
· Prepare SRS and technical document.
· Explain SRS and technical document to developers, help them to functional testing of module.
· Lead the team and motivate them.
Finlogic Technologies, Surat




Sr. Executive Developer( Feb ’10 – Sep ‘13)   
· Responsible for working on wide range of websites and web applications.
· Responsible for solving queries on daily basis.
· Wrote delivery estimates for new projects and successfully delivered.
· Have a significant input into training materials compiled for new recruits.
· Communicated technical issues to non-technical management.
Projects Undertaken :
· Have gone through several projects like BeaXiLite, Fundwatch, Onlinetrading, Tradingaccount, Exchangetrax, FundzTrax, Compliance, X-SIP. Basically software related to mutual fund business management.
	Title
	BeaXiLite

	Description
	University Project for Creating question papers, question types like MCQ, matrix, audio, image analysis, attaching media to each question, creating online test, automatically create groups of students and scheduling exams batch wise.

	Tools Used
	J2EE, Spring Frame Work 4, mysql ,junit


	Title
	Fundwatch  - Feb’ 2010 – Nov’ 2010

	Description
	This project objective was to keep track of all MF schemes, AMC’s, Registrar’s , calculate and watch performance of MF schemes.

	Tools Used
	J2EE, Spring Frame Work, Oracle 10g, AJAX, JSP


	Title
	Exchangetrax  
(June ‘ 2010 till leaving)

	Description
	This project manages all transaction entries, Client Form Scanning and upload.

	Tools Used
	J2EE, Spring Frame Work, Oracle 10g, AJAX, JSP


	Title
	Online Trading 
( Aug’ 2010 till leaving)

	Description
	This project objective is providing desk to Investment client of NJ.
This project is providing online terminal to client for investment in mutual fund, capital market.
Feature of this projects are
a) Providing payment gateway for Net banking and debit card
b) Providing different way in purchase and redemption like
Normal purchase, Normal redemption, SIP Registration ,
SWI Registration,  STP Registration
c) Providing option in investment in capital market.


	Tools Used
	J2EE, Spring Frame Work, Oracle 10g, AJAX, JSP


	Title
	Trading Account
( Aug’ 2010 till leaving)

	Description
	This project objective is use as back office work for NJ Employees for Processing of Mutual Fund and Capital Market Transaction.
Feature of this projects are
1) All Transaction which are done through Online Trading / Call N Tran are process  uploaded at BSE/NSE with given cutoff.
2) Payment Collection File generated for SIP Transaction & Purchase Transaction which done using Mandate and upload at Direct Bank.
3) Pay out file Generated(Bulk DD/NEFT) file Redemption Transaction and upload  on Bank.
4) Refund File Geneated for cancel Transaction and Running Balance.
5) Bank Reconsilation of Transaction CMS, Netbanking, TPSL

	Tools Used
	JSP , Spring Frame Work, My Sql, AJAX, JqGrid


	Title
	NJ Compliance  - Nov’ 2010 – Jun’ 2011

	Description
	This project manages all compliance detail of NJ Company.

	Tools Used
	J2EE, Spring Frame Work, Oracle 10g, AJAX, JSP


	Title
	BeaXiLite

	Description
	University Project for Creating question papers, question types like MCQ, matrix, audio, image analysis, attaching media to each question, creating online test, automatically create groups of students and scheduling exams batch wise.

	Tools Used
	J2EE, Spring Frame Work, vaadin, mysql ,junit


Other Achievments and Recognition
· Have participated in Xplode-2008, A National Level Event At L.D. College of Engineering, Ahmedabad.
· Held 3rd position In IT quiz at Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Technical Education and Research centre. 
Academia

	Examination
	Discipline/
Specialization
	School/college
	Board/University
	Year of Passing
	Percentage
(%)

	B.E.
	Computer 
Engineering
	Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Technical Education and Research Centre, Navsari
	Veer Narmad South Gujarat University
	2009
	67%(aggregate)

	H.S.C
	Science
	T & T.V. Sarvajanik High School, surat.
	G.S.H.E.B
	2005
	58%

	S.S.C
	-
	Nutan High School, Gondal.
	G.S.E.B
	2002
	86%


Academia Projects
Completed a project work at final year level of graduation, as a part of my coursework :
Educational Institute Website
Language of Implementation 
: JAVA (JSP, Servlet)
Back End 


: SQL Server
Paint Type Application

Language of Implementation 
: JAVA (AWT Components)
Personal Vitae
Name


: Bhimjiyani Vandna Ashokbhai.
Sex


: Female
Date of Birth

: 28th May, 1987
Permanent Address
:141, Yogeshwar Park, Pardi-kande Road, Sachin-394230. (Dist. Surat)
Mobile                            : 7435899051, 9909474259
Date
:






Sign :
