
































TECHNICAL ANALYST 

 

 

DEEPTI  PUCHAKAYALA                                                                  Contact no.:+919440342247          

                                                                                                                   Email id: deepti1852@gmail.com 

Career objective: 

To work in a dynamic organization and a challenging environment where I can exhibit and enhance my 

skills and knowledge for  the growth of self and Organization. 

Experience: 

I’ve 9 months of experience as Technical Analyst in  Google through Accenture Solutions Pvt. Ltd.  

Project Experience: 

Project          : Double click for publishers(DFP) 

Role               :Technical Analyst  

Description   : 

             DoubleClick for Publishers (DFP) is a comprehensive hosted ad serving platform that streamlines 

the ad management, whether the ads are delivered to websites, mobile webpages, mobile apps, games, or a 

combination. DFP network is where the publisher defines his inventory and create, manage, and report on 

the advertising campaigns. DFP is formerly called as Google Dart, it is an advertisement software as a 

service application run by Google. DFP offers a complete toolkit for publishers to manage ads for a multi-

screen audience. 

Responsibilities: 

 Analysing the issues which the Publishers face during the usage of DoubleClick for Publishers 
(DFP). 

 Timely and apt response to the Publishers through emails and updating them about their issues. 
 Resolving the issues of the publishers after complete analysis. 
 To Attend Internal Meeting on Client requirements and Targets. 
 Coordinated with Clients, IT team and organized calls for understanding the criticality of the issues 

and directing back to Engineering team 

 Discussion of the severity and priority of the issues with respect to the project. 
 Co-Ordinating with application team and respective technical teams in solving the issues. 
 To maintain the record of the Issues and their workaround for further reference. 
 Attended meetings to give status updates and receive suggestions/feedback 
 Communicate with Leads, Managers for quick resolution of issues. 
 Sending daily status reports at the end of the day to leads and project managers 
 Involved in issue resolution by interacting with peers and Engineering team. 
 Attending change meetings and team meetings.  

 



 

Academic Profile: 

 B.Tech (CSE) from Swarnandhra College of Engineering and Technology (JNTUK) in 2015 with 
71.98% 

 Intermediate (MPC) from Aditya Junior College in 2011 with 76.4% 
 10th (SSC) from Fatima Convent High School in 2009 with 80.6% 

 

Academic Project: 

 Title: Facilitating Effective User Navigation through Website Structure Improvement. 

 Description: The main objective of this project is to improve the user navigations in the websites. 
This project addresses how to improve a website without introducing substantial changes. 

Specifically, we propose a mathematical programming model to improve the user navigation on a 

website while minimizing alterations to its current structure. Our model not only significantly 

improves the user navigation with very few changes, but also the navigation problems can be 

effectively solved. The heavily disoriented users are more likely to benefit by this. 

 Technology Platform: JAVA 

 Durtion:90 days 

 Team Size:5 

 

Competencies: 

Technical competencies: 

 Operating Systems    :  Windows, Unix  

 Languages                 :  C,JAVA, SQL, PL/SQL 

 Tools             :  DFP 

 Web Technologies     : HTML, JAVA SCRIPT 

 Packages                    :  MS-Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)  

Personal competencies: 

 A good team player. 

 Adaptable to new environment. 

 Good communication skills. 

 



Achievements: 

 Maintained first class throughout the Academics. 

 Successfully certified in Microsoft Technology Associate: Database Administration Fundamentals. 

 Successfully certified in Microsoft Technology Associate: HTML5 Application Development 
Fundamentals. 

 Received 5 CSAT’s in 7 months of production. 

 In a short period of time (2 months in production) moved to handle T1 Client’s (Premium clients). 

 Gave a presentation on Wireless LAN Security in Swarnandra College of Engineering and 
Technology, Narsapur. 

Workshops Attended: 

 Attended workshops on ‘C’ and ‘JAVA’. 

 Attended a 15 days career enhancement program conducted by Corporate Learning. 

Personal profile: 

Father’s name   : P. Jaya Kumar 

Mother’s name : P. Vijaya Lakshmi 

Date of birth           : 13
th

 April, 1993 

Gender   : Female 

Marital status  : Unmarried 

Nationality   : Indian 

Languages Known   : Telugu, English and Hindi. 

 

. 

 

                   

 

                                                                                         


