














































1 
 

GAURAV PAWAR                      

Address: 101, Shukhdham Palace                   pawargaurav481@yahoo.com 
Behind, Suyog Hospital, Indore (M.P.)                                        Contact: 9993857876 
 
 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 
 

Seeking a challenging career in testing & Quality Assurance for Software with a dynamic and 

leading organization that would help me cultivate and nurture my skills to the fullest with an 

opportunity to display my talent and become an asset to the organization. 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 

Education/Qualification School/University Year of Passing Percentage 

B.E.(EC) T.C.E.T. 2014 65.7 

HSC J.H.S.School 2010 62.2 

SSC J.H.S.School 2008 77.2 
 

 PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
 

 1-year experience in QA Engineer from MOBIBIT SOFTWARE PVT. LTD. 

 Worked as a quality analyst for web applications and mobile applications. 

 Analysis and understanding of the technical requirement document. 

 Thorough knowledge in SDLC, STLC and defect life cycle. 

 Understanding on the test plan, test cases and traceability matrix. 

 Knowledge of writing, reviewing, executing test cases and defect management. 

 Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process. 

 Strong in UI and Usability Testing. 

 Evaluate test results and ensure high quality for the delivered product. 

 Extensive experience in different kinds of testing such as System Integration Testing, System 

Testing, User Acceptance Testing, Regression Testing, Sanity Testing. 

 With this, I am currently working on a good knowledge of an intelligent helmet and smart 

toilet project and wireless communication technology. 

 10-month experience in hardware self employed. 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 

1. Languages- C, HTML, CSS. 

2. Tools- Bugzilla, Testlink, Jira, Selenium WebDriver. 

3. Others- Arduino, Netbeans, SQL. 

INDUSTRIAL TRAINING 
 

1. Diploma in Software Testing from Sar-La Education Trust, Indore. 

2. Training on C & C++ programming languages from J S Informatics, Indore. 

3. Training on Antenna & Transmitter from Doordarshan Centre, Indore 



2 
 

 

PROJECTS 
 

 1. Project Title Whatapic 

 Description 
 

 

Whatapic is the mobile app. It is photo voting, pic compare & 

opinion poll app. click your pictures and share it on app for photo 

polling. 

 Responsibility First verify system requirement specification document and then the 

prepare requirement traceability matrix. Analysing the test results 

and Any type of bugs found were reported to the associated 

developers. 
 

 2. Project Title Legalinfo 

 Description Legalinfo is the web based application. In addition to traditional 

auditing, accounting and tax services we also provide advice on how 

to improve and develop your business. 

 Responsibility Review the requirement specification document and design test 

cases according to the web application and admin panel. Then the 

find out bugs and my last responsibility is making the bug report. 

 

 3. Project Title GBTransfer 

 Description GBTransfer is an android app and web-based large file transfer tool. 

This web/app is very helpful for transferring more than 1GB file and 

download from anywhere and share the link with another user. 

 Responsibility Review the requirement specification documents and design test 

cases according to the mobile app and web application as well as 

admin panel. Then the find out bug and my last responsibility is 

making the bugs report. 
 

 4. Project Title Snapture 

 Description Snapture is the mobile app. Snapture photo editor: enables you to 

capture your memories in your photos, retouch it, and mix it with 

our frames and cliparts and to stick a beautiful text message over it 

in no time. 

 Responsibility First of all verify system requirement specification document and 

then the prepare requirement traceability matrix. Then write test 

cases according to the application and execution the test cases. 
 

5. Project Title Farmkart 

 Description Farmkart is the web-based app for online selling seeds, fertilizer and 

pesticides. 

 Responsibility Review the requirement specification documents and design test 

cases according to the web application as well as admin panel. Then 

the find out bugs and my last responsibility is making the bug 

report. 
  

 



3 
 

 

1. Participated in inter college “Code Combat Competition”. 

2. Participated in inter college “Junkyard Competition”. 

3. Secure 2
nd

 prize in college “Technical Exhibition”. 

HOBBIES 
 

1. Chess, football, Cricket, Sketching. 

STRENGTH 
 

1. Strength: Self-Motivation, Adaptability and Managing skills. 

2. I am very dedicated and serious towards my work and responsibilities. 

3. I can work long hours if the work is interesting and challenging. 
 

PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 

1. Father’s Name  : Mr. Vishnu Prasad Pawar  

2. Mother’s Name  : Mrs. Paras Pawar 

3. Date of Birth  : 30
th

 Nov. 1992 

4. Language Proficiency : English, Hindi 

5. Nationality   : Indian 
 

DECLARATION 
 

I hereby declare that the particular of information and fact stated herein above are true, correct 

and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 

Place: Indore                      GAURAV PAWAR 

  

  

PARTICIPATION / ACHIEVEMENTS 


