



































 (
CURRICULUM VITAE
Date of Birth :
20/09/1993
Address :
Flat No:S1, Plot. No:11&12, Gautam Appartments, Archana Nagar Extension, Kannadasan street, New perungalathur - 600063.
Email : 
Niroshaa.246@gmail.com
 
Phone :
9949764855
LinedIn :
Linkedin.com/in/nirosha-vanga-
763613a0
SKILLS
Self starter Smart worker
Good communication skills
Organizing and coordinating
SOFTWARES
Tally ERP9 Lawson
IBM Mainframe
) (
NIROSHA
 
VANGA
ACCOUNTANT
)Professional experience of 5.5 years in the field of Accounting ,Statutory audits , Company Law , Taxation, Financial Management of private and Partnership concerns, Scrutiny related works for the clients, SAD Refunds -Verification. Exposure in Taxation (Direct and Indirect tax laws) , Foreign Currency Transactions , Inventory audits etc. Sound knowledge in both computerized and manual accounting. Good communication skills, professional attitude towards all manners.


Experience
2017-06-	Transaction Processing Analyst present		at Accenture Solutions Private Limited
· Maintaining books of accounts efficiently.
· Preparation and analysis of Profit and Loss account on monthly basis.
· Preparation of Balance sheet on monthly basis.
· Handling management as well as fiscal books.
· Handling Tax portion for Inventory books.
· Exposure of dealing with Currency fluctuations and exchange rates.
· Dealing with and handling clients abroad.
· Reporting to clients as well as to superiors on daily basis.
· Trained 4 interns regarding books keeping and other office procedures.
· Appraisals and recognitions for best performance from clients as well as company.
· Participation in various achievement plans and meetings of company at leadership level.


2017-02 –	Audit Manager
2017-06	at Kawrat & Jain/S.Kawrat & Co
· Management of Statutory and internal audits of various companies , trusts , non- profit organizations.
· Training article assistants regarding the audit and account practices under various laws.
· Preparation of Financial statements of companies.
· Preparation of Tax returns.
· Filing and preparation of Audit forms.

 (
CAUSES I CARE ABOUT
Education
Poverty alleviation Human rights
LANGUAGES
 
KNOWN
English Telugu Hindi Tamil
EXTRA CURRICULAR
Completed Advanced ITT as per Norms of ICAI @SIRC of ICAI, Chennai.
Completed GMCS – I @SIRC of ICAI, Chennai.
C
.A Students Information
Technology Training Course
ICAI – Orientation Programme
Attended Seminars on Various Audits
HOBBIES AND INTERESTS
Travelling Reading
Social works for 
society 
Music and Dance Cooking
)
2013-09-	Article assistant
2017-01	at Kawrat & Jain
· Statutory audit and Tax audits under various laws.
· Internal Audits for Pvt limited Concerns
· Finalization of Financial Statements .
· Filing of Income Tax Returns.
· Stock verification of few trading concerns who were wholesale dealers or merchants.
· Maintaining and up keeping accounts of various large and small companies based on various applicable Act and laws.
· Dealt with accounts of companies having parent company abroad.
· Procuring or gathering the related details from the clients with respect to the Scrutiny notices received by them, attending for hearings for explaining the details to ITO inspectors/ Officers
Education
May 2016 - CA – Final (Group-I) The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

May 2013 - CA- IPCC- (Group-I)- May 2013 - The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

May 2013 - CA- IPCC- (Group-II)- Nov 2013- The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

April 2013- (B.Com) - Acharya Nagarjuna University,Guntur

Nov 2010-CA-CPT- The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. 2010-Higher Secondary - Board of Intermediate, Andhra Pradesh.
2008-Secondary Education - Board of Secondary Education, Andhra Pradesh.
