






























































84/100 Chander Village Road. 
Kolkata-700082

vivekrajak1107@gmail.com

8100349580/8622927924
          
  Vivek Rajak 
      

OBJECTIVE

EXPERIENCE

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS

EDUCATION

PERSONAL DETAILS

Wipro Technologies August 2013 --- Present 
Project Engineer

12th Standard 2005-2007

     UI/UX Designer
Worked as a UI/UX Designer for designing website. Communicated with users to understand needs and provided 
interface enhancements. Planned, executed and analyzed user story for proposing designs and provided useful
recommendations for design updates/changes on based on feedback.
As a front end developer(HTML, CSS) converted approved PSD mockup files into pixel-perfect code which 
accurately depicts the photoshop designs and created pages which is responsive and supported in all browsers.

Adobe Photoshop                                                                           Html/Html5

Css                                                                                                 JQuery 

Javascript                             C

MS Office

Technical Support Engineer
Worked as remote support group to assist customer with technical issue arising on notebook. Track issue record 
problem and troubleshoot all issues that arise. Researched solutions, created reports and interfaced with the 
clients as required. Escalated issues within the core team and provided feedback of workarounds and reports 
regarding problems, submitted problems to be repaired and drafted instructions on how to resolve the issue in 
the meantime. 

To utilize my technical and innovative skills and abilities in an organisation that offers professional growth. The Position 
should give me the opportunity to improve my skills with continual learning.
I am able to work effectively in a team or on my own. I pride myself on being able to use my knowledge and initiative to
deliver high quality result to tight deadlines. I enjoy a challenge and look for the opportunity to expand and develop my
skill set.

Father’s Name: Lakhan Lal Rajak

Mother’s Name: Lila Devi Rajak

Gender : Male

Martital Status: Unmarried

Date of Birth: 11/07/1989


