

















































                                         	       RESUME  


                                         
       RESUME  

S.M.FAROOQ AHMED
                                Contact No:7200578482 

S/o S.Musthaque Ahmed                                                    Email:farooqueahmed767@gmail.com


28/10 Jalal garden 2nd street                                                                         

Reddythoppe, Ambur-635802



Vellore district.      


Interested to work in a challenging and learning atmosphere, which would give me an opportunity to deliver the best out of me.


	 Qualification
	 School /College
	Board University
	Year of passing


	% of Marks

	          B.E ECE


	Bharathidasan Engineering College, Nattrampalli
	Anna university 
	 2014
	  63

	          DECE 


	K.A.R polytechnic College, Solur
	Anna university
	 2011
	  84.5

	          XII
	Mazhur-ul-Uloom Higher Secondary School
	State board


	  2009
	  52

	          X
	Mazhur-ul-Uloom Higher Secondary School
	State board
	  2007
	  62



Completed a course in MFAP (Main frame application programming)
Objectives : JCL/VSAM, COBOL,DB2, CICS.

Completed a diploma course in PHP web designing.

Completed a course in c, c++ language.


Good knowledge on Microsoft Office. 

Good knowledge in Excel .

     Organization:  PRIZM Payments Service PVT Ltd., Chennai.

Experience      : From June 15th 2015  - May 5th  2016
Designation    : Sr.Executive

Roles and Responsibility:

Worked with banking process of SBI Bank ATM’s.
Managing critical circles, taking initiative of 48 hours and 72 hours pending calls.

Escalating the delay calls to CIT Team, Link Vendors, UPS vendors on daily basis.

Make sure that said targets are met on monthly basis and giving best productive work for Pan India.

Timely monitoring performance of UPS vendors, AC vendors calls. Make sure there won’t be any delay in attending the site by these vendors.

Maintain good relationship with internal/ACMC Vendors.

Tools using Synergy, ATM Monitoring Tools, Dashboard, EMS feeds.


Handling Escalation issues to deliver the best customer service

Supporting team with technical knowledge and basic trouble shooting to resolve the issue. 

Managed Locations Mumbai, Bhopal, Kolkata, Guwahati, Pune.
  
       Organization   :  TVS Electronics PVT Ltd., Chennai.

       Experience      :   From May 07 th  2016 – Feb 01st 2018.

       Designation     :   Project Coordinator & Acting Team Lead.
       Roles and Responsibilities:

Handling NCR activity Executives in Chennai, Bangalore, Andra pradesh, Hyderabad, Delhi Territories.
Monitoring Chennai location in Client company once in every weak, managing the SLM Calls, PM and activity calls.
Make sure that said targets are met on monthly basis and giving best productivity. Fulfill the Client requirement and Satisfactory.

Involve in reviewing with Team members performance on Weekly Basis.
Managing Escalation issues to deliver the best customer service.

Pulling reports daily basis and analyze the productivity..

Preparing IC documents in excel.


            Experience      :   From Feb 2nd  2018  – To till date.

            Designation     :   Project Coordinator 

      Roles and Responsibilities:

Currently Working in ICICI  Bank Project on  Pos & Mpos Machines.

POS - Point of sale, machine, MPOS - Mobile point of sales device.

(POS terminal) is an electronic device used to process card payments at retail            locations, (digital transaction device)

Coordinating with field engineers on Installations, De Installation, Software Up gradations, Migration, Break fix resolving cases.

Giving technical supports to engineers were ever required in field.

                  Father Name            :      Musthaque Ahmed S

                  DOB &Age                 :      18th Jan 1991&26
                  Gender                         :      Male

                  Nationality                  :       Indian

                  Languages known       :       English, Hindi, Tamil, Urdu

                  Total Experience         :       3 years 6 Month, 

                  Religion                       :      Islam


                  Marital status               :      Single


I sure that the above particles are true to best of my knowledge and belief.

Place: Chennai



                      

Date :
                        


                                     Your Faithfully

                                                                                                             Farooq AShmed SM

Objectives







Educational qualification



Additional qualification



Technical skills



PERSONAL PROFILE:













1 Work experience:



PERSONAL PROFILE:













2 Work experience:



PERSONAL PROFILE:













3. Additional work experience













Personal profile 























Declaration 













J


