






































SONALI KUTE

Date of Birth: 09
th

May, 1996
Email id:sonalikute622@gmail.com
Phone Nos: 7208285219

Address: 201,2
ND

Floor Kuber Apt, Kopri Colony Parshiwadi,Near Ganesh
Bakery Thane[east]

Special ization: Marketing & Human Resources

Academics

Course Institute & Board
Year of Aggregate
Passing Percentage

PGDM AICTE approved ASBS MBA 2018 66%

B.M.S
KB Girls college, Maharashtra State Board

2016 63%

H.S.C
KB Girls college, Maharashtra State Board

2013 68%

S.S.C
People’s Education Society’s English Medium School &Jr College,

2011 71%
Thane (E) Maharashtra State Board

Key Skil ls

Quick Learner, Communication Skills, Patience, Punctuality, Leadership

Key projects and Internship

· Summer Internship:-
Company: - Burnbill B2B Private Solution. Duration: - April 2017- Junew 2017 (3 Months)

Title: - Sales Development
o Collecting Data for cold calling.
o Presenting proposals to the clients.
o Doing Cold calling for appointments.
o Field Work / Sales Development.

o Plan for Improvement of Service with other team
members and Manager.

2
nd

Internship: - Karnavat Classes Duration: - August 2017 (1 month)
Title: - Telly Calling/ Data Entry

o Telly calling the parents for taking admission in Karnavat Classes.
o Calling the interested parents in Karnavat Classes for inquiry.

(Called 50 inquires in 1 month of duration)
o Entering Data of list of students called.

· Title: - Outdoor Project
Company: - Corropack Industries Pvt. Ltd Duration: - August 2016 (4 days)

o Researched and Studied about the company.

o Interacted with the proprietor of the company and learned
the operations how they performed.

o Designed the report from the information gathered.

Positions of Respons ibi l i ty

· Managing team of 4-5 people during Outdoor Project Work in 1
st

year of MBA in IEIBS Akademia.
· Has worked as a Backstage Coordinator at college level events during BMS in K.B. College.

· Has worked as one of the coordinator in sports [Baton Relay] during 1
st

year of MBA in IEIBS Akademia.



Achievements , Awards & Certifications

· Completed a Certified Online Course from Coursera on Brand and Product Management.

Extra-curricular Activities & Interests

· Trained in Karate (Green Belt)
· Hobbies:- Cooking and Dancing
· Exploring New Places


