














































SUCHITA VIRENDRA KIRANGE 
 
Mobile No: +91-7720089079 
suchita.kirange89@gmail.com 
 
Objective: 

I would like to pursue my career in a work environment that will utilize and 
reinforce my technical skills and abilities and also to apply and gain new cutting edge 
skills and experience in a rapidly changing field. 
 
 
Work Experience: 

.Net Developer with 2 .5 years of experience 
 

      Organization: Febina Infotech Pvt. Ltd. Pune 
o Designation :  Sr. Dot NET Developer 
o Experience : July-2017 to till date. 

 
 

 Organization: SGHI-TECH Pune. 
o Designation : Jr. Software Developer 
o Experience : Dec-2015 to 30-Nov-2016. 

 
 

 Organization: North Maharashtra University, Jalgaon. 
o Designation : C# programmer(as on adopt basis) 
o Experience : Apr-2014 to 8-Feb- 2015 

 
 Organization: DenSoft Infotech Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai. 

o Designation :  Trainee Software  Developer 
o Experience :   Internship 

              
 

Technical Skills: 

Web Technologies ASP.NET, MVC(Basics Knowledge), HTML,CSS,BootStrap 

.NET Technologies VB, C#, ADO. NET, .NET FRAMEWORK 2.0/3.5/4.0 

Languages & Scripts C,C++, JavaScript, JQuery 

Databases MS-SQL Server 2008,MS-SQL Server 2012 

Operating Systems Windows 2000/98/XP, Windows 8. 

Computer Basic  MS-Office, Word, Excel, Power Point  

Tools Visual Studio 2008/2010/2015 



Academic Credentials: 

Degree   Year Board/University Percentage 

M.C.A. (Computer Application) 2013 NMU 58.30% 

B.Sc. (Computer Science) 2009 NMU 59.83% 

H. S. C. 2006 NASIK 66.67% 

S. S. C. 2004 NASIK 65.20% 

 

 

Project Details: 

 

Project Title: GAS Agency Management System     

 

Description: This software is developed for Bharat Gas Distributor Agency for 

generating billing invoices 

Technologies Used:  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, JQuery, ASP.NET, VB.NET, SQL 

Server 2012. 

Designation:   Software Developer        

Role and Responsibilities:  

 Requirement Gathering and Analysis 

 Database Design and Stored Procedures 

 User Interface Design and Developed.  

 Crystal Reports  

 Validations and Testing 

 

 

Project Title:  Stock Management System    

Technologies Used:  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, JQuery, ASP.NET, VB.NET, SQL 

Server 2012. 

Designation:  Developer       

Role and Responsibilities:  

 Requirement Gathering. 

 Database Design and Stored Procedures 

 User Interface Design and Developed.  

 Crystal Reports  

 Validations and Testing 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

Project Title: Kundixwall                               

 

Description: Kundixwall is a website application which provides Technical Support 

Services for Desktop PC, Laptop and Mobile Repairs and provides different Support 

Plans with terms and conditions. Kundixwall is led by a team that has service customers 

globally.  

  

Technologies Used:  HTML, CSS, Javascript, Bootstrap, JQuery, ASP.NET, C#.NET, SQL 

Server 2012. 

Designation:  Developer       

Role and Responsibilities:  

 Requirement Gathering. 

 Database Design and Stored Procedures 

 User Interface Design and Developed.  

 User Panel and Admin Panel Designed and Developed 

 Grid view Reports  

 Web Service used to send emails. 

 Validations and Testing 

 Applying SEO guidelines 

 

 

Project Title: Steganography using Texture Synthesis   

Description: This project includes information hiding in textures patterns using 

algorithms.These algorithms are based on PhD or IEEE thesis projects on that 

information developed application for stenography. 

Technologies Used: Windows Form Application using C#.net 

Designation:  Developer                                                                              

Role and Responsibilities:  

 Requirement gathering and analysis of proposed system and understanding 
research paper  

 Design and developed application based on research paper. 
 

 

Project Title: HinMaT.   

 
Description:  

 HinMaT is Hindi to Marathi Translation System based on concepts of Natural 

Language Processing. 

 Required developing tools for this project are: 

-   Recommender 

-   Word Morphology Generator 

-   MT Evaluation 

-   Anaphora and cataphora Sense Disambiguation     

 



Technologies Used: Windows Form Application using C#.net 

Designation:Developer                                                                           

 

Role and Responsibilities:  

   Requirement gathering and analysis with making documentation. 
   Design and developed application based on research paper. 
   Recommender tool module. 

 

 

 

Project Title: Tobacco Intervention initiative.   

 

Description: The Tobacco Intervention Initiative (TII) is a step towards a taking 

dentistry, as profession and service to the community, to a new level. Dentist can view & 

update his profile and confirm appointment of his patient as per schedule. Dentist can 

also setup different operator for managing his patient schedule also cancel appointment 

of patient.  

 
Technologies Used: ASP.NET, ADO.NET, SQL Server 2008. 
Designation:  Trainee Developer       
 
Role and Responsibilities:  
 

 Requirement and Analysis on requirement. 
 Designing and creating database architecture. 
 Design and developed web forms for the Dentist. 
 Documentation and Flow diagrams 

 

 

 

 

Project Title: Dental Membership Portal.     

Description: It’s a website developed for managing and maintaining the member who 

are related to Indian Dental Association. Provide the facility for state branch, local 

branch and head office .It maintains all the records of all member who are registering 

from state, local and also for Head office and also transfer their shares to associate 

branch. Maintaining share transfer, generating report, maintain profile, print cards, etc. 

Technologies Used:  ASP.NET, ADO.NET, SQL Server 2008. 

Designation:  Trainee Developer       

Role and Responsibilities:  

 Unit Testing and validations code 

 Grid view Reports  

 

 



Personal Information: 
 
 Date of Birth  :  07/03/1989. 

 Pan Card No.  :  DQVPS6490E 

 Languages Known :  English, Marathi and Hindi.  

 Alternative E-Mail :  suchita.kirange89@gmail.com 

 Current Address :   Suyog Ho. Society, Sambhaji Nagar, Chinchwad,Pune                      

 Permanent Address :  C/o S.L.Kirange,”Tulash”, Ishwar Colony, Jalgaon. 

                                                     

Declaration: 

I hereby declare that the information  above is true to the best of my Knowledge. 
 

Thanking you, 

 

Place: Pune 

Date: 08/11/2017 

 
(SUCHITA VIRENDRA KIRANGE)  


