














































 
 

                           CURRICULUM VITAE 
 
Sagar Santaji Salunkhe 
A/P Pimpri Tal :- Koregoan Dist :- Satara  
Pin – 415511 
Mob- 9730242417 
Email.  :- salunkhesagar705@gmail.com 
 

Career Objective: 
 
To look for an organization which appreciates my potential and gives me a chance to show my 

talent, where by the organization benefits from my aptitude and education. To integrate skils, 

expertise by experience and to achive new height of success.  

Professional Synopsis: 

Lupin Bioresearch Centre (Lobo Staffing Solutions Pvt. Limited)                            

Junior Officer                                                                                                 November 2017- Present                                                         

 Perform  Data Entry of Case Report Form and query resolution 
  Perform  Double data entry, Reconciliation, Scanning, Indexing of CRF and maintaining CRF 

Tracker 
 Manage all aspects of  case report form (CRF) design and development (paper or eCRF) 
 Participates in the Database design (e.g., ORACLE CLINICAL), CRF annotation and 

bookmarking 
 Prepare Data Management File (DMF,BMF) in a standard, accurate, complete format  for  a 

possible regulatory submission 
 Perform data base lock and freeze activities to ensure the accuracy and completeness prior 

to submission to biostatistics 
 Works in conjunction within the study team members and CRO to meet project deliverables 

and timelines for quality checking and reporting.  
 Working knowledge of industry standards such as CDISC, SDTM, CDASH 

 

Academic Qualification:  
 

 Completed B.Phram from Dr. D.Y. Patil IPSR Pimpri, Pune, Savitribai Phule Pune University 
Pune  with 55.0% in 2017. 

 Completed D.Pharm from Sawakar Pharmacy College, Jaitapur, Satara, MSBTE, with 55.90% 
in 2014. 

 Completed H.S.C with Science from State Board of Maharashtra, with 50.67% in 2012. 
 Completed S.S.C from State Board of Maharashtra, with 61.07% in 2010. 

 

Proficiency Forte: 
 

 Good Communication in spoken English and command over comprehension. 
 Proficient in handling computer aided tools and the web platform. 
 Highly astute, energetic and team spirited with a strong work ethic. 
 Positive Attitude, Enthusiastic, Energetic, Patient.  

 
 

 



 
 

Area Of Intrest : 

 Pharmacovigiliance  
 Clinical data Management  
 Clinical Research Coordinator  

 

Professional Skills : 
 
Clinical Trials: 
ICH-GCP, Site Selection, Site Initiation, Schedule-Y, Phase I, II, III & IV trials, Responsibilities of 
monitor, CTA, CRA, CRC, Investigator, Sponsor, Protocol, Investigational Brochure, CRF, Good 
Understanding of Regulatory guidelines in Clinical Research. 
 
Clinical Data Management: 
Electronic Data Capture, CRF designing, Validation, Coding, Clinical Data Management (Process 
Flow), Data Collection, Data Entry, Data Load/Transfer, Data Storage, Data Validation, Data Export, 
Query Management, Data Archiving, Quality Systems, SOPs and Audits, Query resolution and Data 
Cleaning, Clinical Database Management System. 
 
Pharmacovigilance: 
ADR, SAE, SADR, Med DRA, Pharmacovigilance role, SUSAR, ICH guidelines, Adverse event reporting 
( Med Watch form), Case process unit/data entry, Case assessment, Narrative Writing, Medical 
Terminologies. 
 

Software Skills: 
Basic working knowledge in Programming Languages such as MS office, Internet, Data Basic & 
Network Concepts. 
 

Achievement : 
 Successfully participated in the GCP Training conducted by Lupin Bioresearch 

Center on 22nd and 23rd June 2018. 
 Successfully completed Diploma in Regulatory Affairs. 
 Winner of Kabbadi Competition.  
 Winner of Volley Boll.  

 

Personal Details:  
Marital status : Unmarried 
Hobbies & Interests: Painting and Surfing on net  
Strengths: Good communication skill, Leadership Traits, Target achiever & Positive attitude 

 

Languages Known : English, Hindi, Marathi.   

  

Declaration :  
I hereby declare that the above details are true to the best of my knowledge and that I’ll do my best for the 
good of the organization. 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
Date :  
Place :                                                                                                                            Sagar Salunkhe  

 
 

 


