
























































GEORGE M


Mohamed Razeem N.A.
Cochin,Kerala
Tel: +91 9895557140 +971 562131787
Email: moh.razeem@gmail.com

PROFILE
Network Administrator excelling in all the aspects of IT support with an emphasis on Routing and
Switching,FTTH Network Deployment, Project Management and Client Relations.

Strategic team player with strong interpersonal, communication, problem solving and decision
making skills. Ability to establish and maintain strong alliances; lead and motivate teams; drive
projects to successful completion; convey complex technical requirements/data; exceed customer
expectations and achieve fiscal bottom-line results.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Network Support
 Worked as Network support for the ISP for FTTH Network.
 Responsible for Activation and provisioning of new FTTH service to customers along

with the implementation of configuration changes.
 Minimized down time by monitoring network health and power usage.
 Relaying information to site engineers to install the ONT and other devices in the

customer premises.
 Monitoring status of FTTH Network elements based on Universal Network Management

System(NMS) for Zhone, Alcatel and Huawei devices.
 Assigns tickets to inside plant technicians to clear the dockets receiving from customer

care and ensure to clear within defined SLA.
 Capturing an ONT to the network once the network is installed at the customer premises.
 Provisioning Management System(PMS) is used for capturing with the details given by

site engineers related to splitter ports and distribution side details of fiber.
 Troubleshoot network connectivity issues.Track and document all issues and records day

to day activities and sends to R&R team in order to update GPON Tracker.
 Escalate the issue to management, other IT resources for assistance in reaching a

resolution for complex problems.
 Assisted in creating a working 24/7 Tier 1 Operations environment to assist Tier 2/3

personnel.
Network Operations Center Engineer
 Proactively use monitoring tools like Kaseya (alarms & trending graphs) to determine

production issues.
 Interfaced directly with service providers, customers, field technicians to troubleshoot

and resolve network-related issues and effectively communicates the impact to
management.

 Ensure day to day Network Operations with change and fault management and escalation
procedures are accurately followed as per ITIL standards.

 Responsible for transferring tickets to L2 Engineers and discussing service improvement
plan for repeated incidents.

 Good understanding of ITIL service lifecycle and associated processes.
 Very well versed in configuring and troubleshooting various routers using Routing

protocols such as RIP, EIGRP,OSPF and BGP.
 Hands on experience in VPN technologies like MPLS and DMVPN.
 Configuring access lists and vlans in switch.

mailto:moh.razeem@


 Documents all the related information.
 Good command over Cisco IOS and familiar with packet analyzer tools like wireshark.

PROJECT COORDINATOR
 Worked as Supervisor for OSP Cable projects for Etisalat underground fixed assets.
 Study the project and conducts survey at the site based on drawings received from

Planning Department once the project is issued. The final executable OFC installation
route will be updated to Planning for amending the project.

 Assign FTTH Cable projects to contractors and in house team and follow up the
execution until completion and ensuring the project completion within the given deadline.

 Managed a team of contractors and in-house workforce for the installation of OFC from
the exchange to customer end, splicing, end to end fiber testing .

 Conducts weekly meeting with contractors to ensure the progress and completion of
project within time bound as per Etisalat Standards

 Review & Approval of Designs,Technical updations, BOQ, Cost estimation.
 Monthly Revenue updation to management based on work done.

ON JOB TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT
 OTDR Testing has been performed to check the continuity of fiber and loss using EXFO

device.
 Assisted field engineers for the provisioning of Triple play IP services to customer.
 Got trained for ribbon as well as single splicing using Fujikura splicing machine.
 Served as trainee for Etisalat In-Building Solution(IBS) project which includes

installation of coaxial cables, splitters,couplers and antennas inside high rise buildings.
 Assists in Commissioning and Integration of GSM sites using Ericsson devices.

EDUCATION
B.Tech, Electronics and Communication Engineering

 Pursued from Cochin University of Science & Technology with an aggregate of 67%.
Introduction to IoT in Networking and Cybersecurity

 Cisco Networking Academy

EMPLOYMENT

Servsys Corporation,Cochin 2017-Present
NOC Engineer

Tamdeed Projects(Network Division-ETISALAT), United Arab Emirates 2014 - 2016
Lan Tech/Network Support

SMEC Automation PVT LTD,Cochin 2014
Trainee Automation Engineer

TECHNICAL SKILLS

 Learning Python programming.
 Networking, Cisco IOS
 PLC Programming and process control tools.
 Microsoft Office – Word, Excel,PowerPoint.

PERSONAL DETAILS
 Father’s Name : N.A. Abdul Nazar
 Date of Birth : 13-09-1992
 Passport Number : H8930063



 Driving License : Indian and UAE
 Languages Known : Malayalam, English, Hindi

OTHER TECHNICAL CERTIFICATIONS
 Cisco Certified Network Associate(Routing & Switching)
 Certification in Industrial Automation.
 Lifeskill Program certified by Infosys.
 Introduction to IoT in Networking and Cybersecurity by Cisco.

SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS

 Received Central Sector Scholarship on merit basis.
 Successfully designed and developed IoT projects on Autonomous Navigating Vehicle

and Laser Torch based temperature tracking system.
 Secured Best Student Award in class Xll.
 Had been the President of Islamic Students Movement for local area.
 Part of an Event Management Team, Dream Catalyst.
 Article writer at a website called Freelancer.com.
 Blogger at gamegadgetreview.blogspot.in.
 Organized and participated various programs during college studies as part of Inter

College Technical and Cultural Fest ADVAY.
 An active member of the Electronics Department organization called ELECSTA.

INTERESTS
 Football,Photography,Music,Computer Network and Security enthusiast.

REFERENCES

 Muthukumar,Operations Manager,Servsys corporation.
 Abdul Rahman Al Jahani,Project Manager,Tamdeed Projects
 Dr.Justus Rabi,Principal,Toc H Institute of Science & Technology


	Mohamed Razeem N.A.
	 PROFILE
	AREAS OF EXPERTISE
	B.Tech, Electronics and Communication Engineering 
	Introduction to IoT in Networking and Cybersecurit
	Lan Tech/Network Support

