









































CA Reetika Jain      Contact No: +91-9582-99-5339 
 ACA, B.com        E-mail: ca.reetikajain@gmail.com   
          

 
Career Objective 

 
To be part of a stimulating work environment where key skills and strengths are utilized for achievement 

of the organizational goals and opportunities exist to enhance professional learning. 
 

 Professional Experience         +3.5 years 
 
Organization: Global Accounting & Tax Professional Solution   June’17 – July’18 
Designation: Accounts Executive 
 
Areas of Exposure: 
 

o Preparing, reviewing and finalizing books of accounts using various accounting software’s such as 
Quick books (Online and Desktop both), Quicken, Resman, Xero, Tally 

o Handle and prepared bank reconciliation of the company on monthly basis 
o Managed accounts of various business such as E-commerce (Amazon, Ebay), Insurance, Rental etc 
o Handled complex intercompany/branch transfers having different locations and tax norms.  
o Worked as a Team leader and solved queries of team. 
o Managed accounts receivable / accounts payable and providing reports to management  
o Accustomed for preparing and updating invoices, credit memo etc in bulk using different types of 

importing software’s with the help of templates and Macros 
o Updated and managed Payrolls by ADP and Gusto 
o Handle Audit assignments of various companies 

 
Organization: M/s Subodh Gupta & Associates  
Designation: Tax and Audit Executive      Sep’14 – May’17 
Designation: Article Assistant       Sep’11 – Sep’14 
 
Areas of Exposure: 
 

 Accounting: 
o Preparation and maintenance of ‘statutory books of accounts’ and ‘financial statements’ in 

compliance with Indian Accounting Standards and prescribed law.  
o Consolidation of day to day accounts and finalization of books of accounts of various individuals, 

HUFs, firms and companies. 
o Having knowledge in Accounting Standards and IFRS Compliance and Reporting and there 

difference with respective accounting standard 
 

 Taxation: 
o Filing of income tax returns u/s 139 of IT Act for individuals, companies, firms and trusts. 
o Prepared Income tax computations for different types of assesse depositing Advance Tax on time  
o Computed Tax as per Income tax norms and MAT computations u/s 115JB. 
o Filing of TDS Return quarterly for various assesses, generated form 24Q, 26Q etc and related 

compliance such as issuance of Form 16 and 16A. And Filing of 26QB for sale of property 
o Assisted in submissions of assessment/ reassessment/ appeals u/s 143(3), 144 for hearing with the 

tax authorities. 
o Preparation of replies to various notices of tax authorities from Income tax officer to ITAT level 
o Making replies for rectification u/s 154 of the Income Tax Act, 1961 along with corrected returns. 
o Sound understanding of matters related to Income Tax like refund issue request, e-payment by 

challan 280 etc and TDS like issuing Form 16B, filing Form 26QB etc 
o Conducted and filed Tax audit reports Form 3CA, 3CB and 3CD as per section 44AB of IT Act, 1961 
o Prepared and submitted all documents for registering new Charitable trust individually as per the 

Income Tax norms. 
o Sound knowledge of Deductions chapter VI A and Set off or carry forward of losses as per IT Act 
o Filed for 15CA and 15CB remittance certificate in case of non-resident 
o Calculation of interest as per section 234A, 234B and 234C 



 Audit: 
o Performing statutory and internal audits for clients. 
o Assisted in preparation of audit report u/s 143(3) & 143(11) [CARO 2016]. 
o Vouching, Verification, ledger scrutiny. 
o Independently conducting tax audits and drafting tax audit reports for individuals, firms, companies 

and trusts. 
o Analysing the variance in Profit & Loss and Balance Sheet items 
o Vouching and verifying approvals for the additions/deletions in Fixed Assets 
o Stock Audit 

 Physical verification of Stock 
 Check compliance of AS-2 

o Handled variety of clients, ranging from companies, Societies and Partnership Firms. Key clients are: 
 IPSTAR Company Limited 
 Ober construction Private Limited 
 Kishore Scientific Private Limited 
 Nancy Impex Private limited 

 
 

 ROC and Other: 
o ROC Annual Filling in XBRL and Non XBRL forms i.e. 23ACA, 23AC, 20B and 23B. 
o ROC filing in relation to formation of a company such as Form 1, Form 32, Form 18. 
o Completed GMCS training conducted by ICAI 

 
Education Objective 
 

EXAMINATION INSTITUTION YEAR PERFORMANCE 
C.A. Final ICAI May 2018 54 % 

IPCC ICAI Nov 2012 51% 

CPT ICAI June 2010 55% 

B.Com Delhi University 2013 49% 

CBSE XII CBSE 2010 68% 

CBSE X CBSE 2008 68% 

 

Computer Literacy  
o Working knowledge of Tally, Busy, Quick Books (Desktop & Online), Quicken, Resman and Xero  
o Working knowledge of many other non-accounting software’s also like Upwork, Zed axis, ADP, Gusto    
o Well versed with MS-office tools such as Microsoft Word, Advance Excel, Power Point (Functions 

like: Vlookup, Sum if, Concatenate, Filter, Pivot etc) 
o Working experience on XBRL 
o Working experience of taxation software “Web-e-TDS” 
o Completed 100 hours of IT Training conducted by ICAI 

 

Strengths  
o Quick learner with strong willingness to learn new skills.    
o Compatible with work atmosphere.   
o Optimistic person with good inter-personal, analytical and logical reasoning skills. 

 
Personal Details  
Date of Birth   : 21st March 1993 
Gender                                    :            Female 
Fathers Name     :  Mr. Rajiv Kumar Jain 
Mothers Name    :  Mrs. Sangeeta Jain 
Languages Known  : English and Hindi 
Extra-curricular Interests : Reading, Travelling and Learning 
Address   : X/2737, Street No.6B, Ragubarpura-2 
     Gandhi Nagar, Delhi-110031 


