


















































sunil yadav,


	

		RAM NARAYAN BURMAN	
				

Mob: 91- 9098545754	  	                                 E-mail: ramnarayan0908@gmail.com
 (
EDIFICATION
Master In Commerce
 From
DAVV, Indore (M.P).
                                    
                     
CPT
 (
 ICAI)
Well versed with
 ERP softw
are like Tally
PERSONAL MINUTAE
Date of Birth: 
09 Aug
 1988
)
Auditing ~ Accounting  
SYNOPSIS
· A result oriented professional with 4years experience in Auditing, & Accounting (Banking) 
Currently associated with SS Group (S S Aangan Pvt Ltd) Indore(M.P.) as a  Accounts Executive.
· Seeking a position to utilize and improve my skills and abilities in the field of Accounts, finance, and Management that offers knowledge enrichment and professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible to build my carrier and for growth of the organization in an efficient manner.
· An good communicator with good analyzing and problem 
solving skills.




CORE COMPETENCIES 

Strategic Planning 
· Establishing corporate goals, short term and long term budgets and developing time bound and specific business plans for the achievement of these goals.
· Business planning and analysis for assessment of revenue potential in business opportunities.




CAREER HIGHLIGHTS


SS Group ( SS Aangan Pvt Ltd) Indore

Present Job title: Accounts Executive                                 From Sep  2014 till present

Responsibilities

· Handling Accounts Receivable and Payable and all Banking activities.
· Exercising control over receivables and payables & managing cash flow reconciliation on monthly basis.
· Preparing Bank reconciliation statement on regular basis.
· Assist to Managers for day today working.
· Maintaining Vendor and Contractor Payment planning.
· Preparing month end reports.
 

TAXATION

· Competent in handling TDS matters.( Calculation, deduction, and preparation of  return , completion of assessment procedures.
·  Competent in handling professional tax , Service tax calculation , completion of assessment procedure.





Educational Qualifications:

M.COM University of Indore, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhlaya, Indore,2013

B.COM University of Indore, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhlaya, 2010

CA(CPT)  from Institute of Chartered Accountants Of India

10+2 C.B.S.E Board, 2007


Computer Skills

Highly proficient in several  ERP software –Tally,  as well as MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint. Very proficient with the Internet. 








PERSONAL DETAILS:

Father’s Name			Beni Prasad Burman

Present Address			DC-26 Opposite Shalimar township, Sch 78 Vijaynagar Indore 

Permanent Address			N/92, Worker Colony , Heidelberg Cement , Narsingarh, 
                                                           Damoh (M.P.)

Date of Birth				09/08/1988

Marital status			Unmarried

Languages Known			English, Hindi


DECLARATION:-
I hereby declare that all the above information is true to the best of my knowledge & belief.

Place –Indore


Date-								Ram Narayan Burman





