












































RESUME

	RENJITH REGHU
Male, 27 years, Single


	 renjithreghu@hotmail.com
 +919746767877


	OBJECTIVE


To work hard with full dedication for the achievement of organization objective under satisfying job contact, hence enhancing my skill and knowledge and ready to learn new things.  
	HIGH LIGHTS


· 4 +  years of relevant knowledge with hands on experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) - Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, Documentation and Maintenance of applications.
· Hands on experience in ASP.NET,MVC, C#, SQL, jQuery , HTML,CSS,Mysql,JavaScript,Responsive design,Selenium,Python,Service Worker
	AGILE SCRUM EXPERTISE



· Has been following Scrum model of agile software development.

· Involvement in Daily Scrums , Estimation, Meetings

· Communications with the team regarding the scope for choosing technologies, planning sprints will in turn helps in time estimation & reduce risks in its implementation.
	TECHNICAL SKILLS


· Operating Systems: Windows XP, Windows 7,8,10, Linux.

· Programming Languages: C, C++, Microsoft Visual C #, MVC  .NET Framework 4.5, Microsoft Visual Studio 2017, Linq and Java.

· DBMS: MS SQL, MySql.

· Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, JQuery.

· Visual Studio Team Foundation Server.

	PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE


· Company                          : Overbrook Technology Services Pvt Ltd, Infopark Phase II,


 Kakkanad 
       Designation
:   Software Engineer

       Duration
:  Feb 2017 to Present
       Job Responsibilities   
:   Involved in design and development of Web Applications.

· Company                         :  Q10 Technologies, Technolodge Muvattupuzha, Christ  Knowledge   City  Campus, Airapuram P.O Mannoor 
       Designation
:   Software Engineer

       Duration
:   July 2016 to Jan 2017
       Job Responsibilities   
:   Involved in design and development of Web Applications and Software.
· Company                           :   Exponent Logic Info Systems, Panampilly Nagar, Kochi-682036

       Designation
:   Software Engineer

       Duration
:   July 2015 to June 2016
       Job Responsibilities   
:   Involved in design and development of Web Applications.
· Company                           :   NetworkzSystems, Ayurveda College Jn, Trivandrum

       Designation
:   Software Engineer

       Duration
:   June 2013 to June 2015
       Job Responsibilities   
:  Training  Employees and Students
	EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS


	Course
	Institution
	Board
	Year
	 Score

	B. Tech ( CSE )
	LITES, Nagercoil
	ANNA  University
	2013
	7.38(CGPA)

	Plus Two
	T.H.S.S, Muttom
	Technical Board
	2009
	70%

	S.S.L.C
	T.H.S, Purapuzha
	Technical Board
	2007
	80%


PROJECT DETAILS

	Project1:Summit & Participant Portal
	www.summitwith.us


Team Size: 26
Project Description: Summit’ is a .Net based web application to manage Health insurance Accounts, premium billing, and insurance payments (Card System) of people in U.S.A. TPAs are managing Employee benefit accounts on behalf of Employers.  The application mainly manages the activities like Contribution, Deposits, Claim Re-imbursements, Withdrawals etc. of an Employee. 

Another lightweight web application developed in MVC for individual account holders (Employee) to login and view their account summary, transaction details, status of claims etc.

Environment: C#, Visual Studio 2015 , MVC Architecture, SQL Server 2016,

ASP.Net, JQuery.EntityFramework
	Project 2: Bookbyq
	www.bookbyq.com


Team Size: 2
Project Description: This is an online ticket booking Website. This website is used by different theatres to book there ticket through online. As a team member for this project, was involved in the analysis, design, development and testing of critical modules.
Responsibilities:      Involved in the development of bookbyq.com.


Maintaining, managing and deploying the website in Live Environment.


Implementation of User Interface using JavaScript, jTemplate , CSS.


Responsive designing of pages.



Writing Stored procedures.

Environment: ASP.NET, MySql
	Project 3: NextJob
	www.nextjobtraining.com


Team Size: 4

Project Description: This is an American reemployment solutions company, focused on full employment in America. This Site focuses on the online training.User can get the help to prepare for new job.Job coach will give the training with mock interview sections and exams.
Responsibilities: Implementation of User Interface using JavaScript, jTemplate , CSS.

                             Responsive designing of pages
                Writing Stored procedures and WCF service methods.
Environment: ASP.NET, SQL Server
	Project 4: Guru Face
	www.guruface.com


Team Size: 4

Project Description: This is an Elearning website. This site is used by different organizations to maintain their quality standards through online training. It fulfills the internal and external training needs of the employees in an organization. It also helps students to find efficient trainers across the globe.
Responsibilities: Implementation of User Interface using JavaScript, jTemplate , CSS.
                             Responsive designing of pages
                Writing Stored procedures and WCF service methods.
Environment: ASP.NET, SQL Server
	Project 5: E-Learning System
	www.alphatc.com


Team Size: 4

Project Description: This web application is developed using 3-tier architecture. This application mainly focuses on the online training. The administrator can add courses, modules and exams. The users can take these courses, modules and exams. Once the user finishes the exam, the administrator can present them the certificate of course completion.

Responsibilities: Communication with client through emails and online conferences.
                Implementing the system.
                             Writing SQL Views and Stored procedures.

Environment:  ASP.NET, SQL Server
	PERSONAL DETAILS


Address
 :    Krishnavilasam (H), 

      Purapuzha P.O, Thodupuzha,Kerala - 685583
      

Date of Birth
 :    20th Oct 1990
Languages Known 

 :    English, Malayalam,Tamil
Hobbies


 :    Listening Music, Watching Movies ,Playing Games
	Place
: THODUPUZHA
	

	Date
: 10/08/2018
	RENJITH REGHU


1

