
















































AADNYESH VASANT BHAPKAR
Contact No. :  9890345566/ 9665548675
E-Mail         : aadnyeshbhapkar@gmail.com
                     :bhapkaraadnyesh123@gmail.com
                     

OBJECTIVE
Seeking a quality opportunity and challenging career in Drug Safety and Pharmaceutical Research in a reputed organization where I can enrich my professional skills and credentials while being resourceful to the organization.
 
QUALIFICATION 
	Educational Degree
	Year of passing out
	Name of college/Institute
	Name of University
	Obtained Percentage
	Obtained Class

	M.B.A.
	2015
	MM’s IMERT
Deccan, Pune
	Pune University
	 65%
	First Class

	B-Pharmacy 
	2013
	S.G.R.S college of Pharmacy, Saswad
	Pune University
	68.33%
	First Class

	H.S.C.
	2009
	Purandar Junior college, Saswad
	Maharashtra Board
	67.17%
	First Class

	S.S.C
	2007
	MES WaghireHighschoo, Sasawad
	Maharashtra board
	79.23%
	Distinction



AREA OF INTREST-
· Pharmacovigilance
· Drug Safety
· Pharmaceutical Research

WORK EXPERIENCE-
· Current organization: Cognizant technology solution
Designation: Junior Data Analyst.
Department: Pharmacovigilance
Tenure: 15/Feb/2016 to till date

JOB DESCRIPTION-
· Accountable for processing the medically cohesive and accurate Individual Case Safety Reports (ICSRs) with serious and non-serious adverse events for all types of cases within regulatory timelines.
· Handful of exposure in coding and identifying all potential life threatening/fatal clinical SUSAR study cases requiring a 7-day submission to the regulatory authorities.
· Responsible for writing of Safety narratives of ICSRs.

ROLE AND RESPOSIBILITIES-
· Experience of working on ARGUS (Version 7.0.4) safety database.
· Assessment of case reports for the identification of duplicate reports, seriousness, causality, clinical relevance and expectedness/labeling of adverse events adhering to SOP and regulatory requirements.
· Experience of handling of ICSRs, which includes initiation of cases, sending acknowledgements and doing central data capturing.
· Well verse with ICSRs case assessment, triaging and processing of serious and non-serious spontaneous, clinical trial and solicited case reports.
· Prioritization and triaging of the cases as per seriousness and regulatory timelines.
· Ensure accurate and consistent coding of medical history/conditions, drugs and adverse event terms.
· Well verse with reviewing and writing of Safety narratives of ICSRs and MedDRA (Version 20.1 coding, WHO DD coding).
· Maintaining the data as per the client specific SOPs, data handling guidelines and project-specific coding conventions.

· Reconciles SAEs in accordance with project specific guidelines and coordinate with all concerned internal and external stake holders.
· Effectively maintains the safety database and corresponding entry guidelines, including accurate entry of data and assurance of quality of data through quality control process. 
· Quality reviewing of processed cases and forwarding to next workflow. 

COMPUTER SKILLS
· Proficiency in various computer applications like MS-OFFICE (Power Point, Excel, Word, Microsoft Publisher), Adobe Photoshop,Adobe Acrobat Pro and internet surfing, etc.
· Computer skills including creation of templates, presentations and using safety databases applications.

ACADEMIC ACHIVEMENTS
· Best Swimmer award of NCC camp
· Best Cadet award of NCC camp
· Participated in college cultural activities
· Participated in NSS Camp


PERSONAL PROFILE
Address: A/p- Dive, Tal- Purandar, Dist- pune Pin- 412301
D.O.B.: 26th February 1991.	
Gender: Male 
Nationality: Indian 
Soft Skills: Well versed in languages: English, Hindi and Marathi 
Strength: Accountability and responsibility, Leadership
Hobbies: Listing music, Reading books, swimming

DECLARATION       
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.




Date:					                   Signature: Aadnyesh Vasant Bhapkar
Place:
