
































ALLAM SAIKRISHNA PRASAD 

Email :  prasadsk036@gmail.com 

Mobile : 7032298309 

 

 

Objective 

 

To attain a challenging position in the field of Virtualization and Storage where I can prove myself for the 

growth of the Organization as well as my career. 

 

 

Professional Experience 

 

Current Employer :   CtrlS Datacenters Pvt.Ltd 

Designation  :  Backup Engineer 

Period   : Jan 2016 - Present 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Installing, configuring & managing VMware ESXi 5.x, vCenter,Veeam Backup & replication. 
 Managing and configuring complete Backup servers infrastructure which run on VMware Esxi. 
 Creating and managing clusters in vCenter server by using vSphere client and Web client. 
 Setting up cluster level features like vMotion, HA and DRS. 
 Implementation of HPE3PAR, Dell MD storage arrays. 
 Creating host sets, volume sets and scheduling alarms, snapshots, replications in HPE3PAR. 
 Creating port groups on standard Vswitch and distributed Vswitch. 
 Performing data restorations for server, file system and/or databases upon client request by 

maintaining consistent communication with the client. 

 Working with clients to develop Disaster Recovery plans in the event of data losses. 
 Resolving backup related issues which occur on Windows and linux servers. 
 Resolving failures between the centralized backup system and the client servers. 
 Creating and Deploying of Windows and linux Virtual Machines from Templates. 
 SAN space allocation for ESXi server host, Scanning and configuring LUN for ESXi server. 
 Knowledge on SAN,NAS protocols and RAID concepts. 
 Working with Snapshots for end user requests. 
 Moving VM’s from one LUN to another LUN using Storage vMotion. 
 Respond to system failures and work with the vendor to resolve issues related to servers. 
 Migrating Physical Servers to Virtual Server using VMware Converter (P2V Converter). 
 Performance tuning of VMware servers and management of server resources between virtual 

machines. 

 Upgrading and applying patches to VMware esxi,Vcenter,Vsphere. 
 Responsible for day-to-day administration activities like monitoring servers health utilization checking 

etc. 

Educational Qualification 

 

 

 

Technical Skills 

 

Server Operating System :  Windows server 2008, 2012, CentOS 

  Degree Specialization University Year of passing 

B.Tech Computer Science Engineering JNTU 2015 

Intermediate MPC Board of Intermediate Education, AP 2011 

SSC SSC Board of Secondary Education, AP 2009 



 

Backup Tools :  Veeam Backup & replication, Storegrid online Backup 

VMware  :  VMware ESXi 5.x-6.0, vCenter, vSphere, VMware Converter 

Storage :  HPE 3PAR, Dell MD storage arrays 

Database :  Mysql, basics of MSSQL 

 

 

Personal Details 

 

Date of Birth :  31st August 1993 

Father’s Name :  A.Sudarshan 
Nationality :  Indian 

Hobbies :  Cricket, Singing 

Languages known :  Telugu, Hindi and English 

Marital Status :  Single 

 

Declaration: 

 

All the information provided above are true to my knowledge and I undertake to produce all my original 

certificates and statements of marks on demand. 

 

Place: Hyderabad      Allam Saikrishna Prasad 

Date:   


