















































SWAPNA PRIYA GANJI -  SAP ABAP CONSULTANT

                                                        
                                       

SUMIT R. PAGAR                                                                Mail id : sumitpagar@yahoo.co.in
SAP-HCM Consultant                                                              

Summary
SAP  HCM/ PY consultant and analyst working on providing solutions to the business based on SAP best practices. Demonstrates strong business process knowledge and has developed business acumen of core areas supported
Possesses almost 10 years of work experience in SAP integration project, SAP upgrade from SAP R/3 4.7 to ECC 6.0.
Involved in mapping of business processes, go-live payroll support for a client having more than 8 countries payroll and maintenance of HCM PY (new configuration as per business requirement  and defect handling)
Involved in preparation of test plan and design, defect handling and go-live strategy.
Possess strong analytic, interpersonal skills and managerial skills and able to effectively map the client's business processes into SAP thereby providing them with effective and reliable solutions. 
A proven self-starter and team leader who is able to lead a team in providing deliverables within time
Exposed to diverse work cultures and hence able to connect to the client effectively in understanding their business requirements
Technical Skills
 ERP                            	SAP R/3, SAP ECC 5.0,SAP ECC 6.0
                                               
Educational Qualification
· Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), June 2003
       University: Mumbai University, 
       Degree Emphasis: Instrumentation Engineering

Professional Experience 
                         Consultant, SAP Practice                                                           Jan 2016 – Till Date 
CSC ,
                         Consultant, SAP Practice                                                           May 2010 – Jan 2017 
Accenture , 
                         Consultant, SAP Practice                                                           April 2007 – April 2010 
CSC ,

Consultant, SAP Practice                                                           July 2005 – Jan 2007
Sairam Software Solution , 

Graduate Engineer Trainee                                                     Feb 2004 – April 2005
General Instrument Consortium India Limited, 
Training and Certification

1.SAP Solution Consultant Certification in mySAP Human Resource ECC 5.0 – March      
   2007.






SAP Engagement Overview

1. CSC INDIA PVT LTD,

Project # 1  : RAK CERAMICS , UAE

Project Description:
This project is a  ECC.6 SAP version . In HCM module we cover the personal administration, organization management, time management, Payroll. 

Roles & Responsibilities: 
Collaborâtes with RAK Core team to identify and confirm business processes. 

Customisation of payroll, Personal administration, Origination management, Time management & Report development.
· Developed functional specifications for various Business requirements and get delivered on time .
· Prepare the Weekly status reports which indicates successful percentage of implementation and BAU activities.
· Help Client team to prepare HR Master Data as per the requirement during month-end and payroll run

2.    Accenture India Pvt Ltd

Project #1: SAP ECC 6.0 Application Implementation & Support  

Client: BHPB BILLITON

Project Description:
This project is a Fresh ECC.6 SAP end-to-end implementation. We implemented the HCM module. In HCM module we cover the personal administration, organization management, time management, Payroll. Successfully ran payroll for all employees.
Roles & Responsibilities: 
Collaborâtes with BHPB Core team to identify and confirm business processes. 

Conducted training for core & end users offshore and onsite.
· Prepare the Weekly status report  and   2 month on –site support  and off-shore support thereafter to resolve operational  issues.
· I have sound Knowledge of GB and Canada  (TM, Payroll) and aware about the uses of ITSM, Solman (for Transport Request), HP QC Entry Tool. 
Proficient in GB and Canada payroll legislation 

Reconciliation of results generated- Taxes, NI contributions and SXP
Generation of Month/Year End Reports – P45s, P60, P11D
Moderate knowledge of Statutory Absence Pay configuration and calculation, P45 reporting, Real Time Information Reporting (RTI) – EAS, FPS and EPS, Pensions Auto Enrollment Contribution (PAE), Enrollment and Compliance reporting and and P11D reporting
· Managing the deliveries in a multi-vendor environment with rigorous SLA. Responsible for resource forecasting and other business process activities like preparation of various matrix reports and presenting it to the business, etc.


3. CSC INDIA PVT LTD,

Project # 1  : SOOR Fuel Marketing Company S.A.K.

Project Description:
This project is a Fresh ECC.6 SAP end-to-end implementation. We implemented the HCM module. In HCM module we cover the personal administration, organization management, time management, Payroll. Successfully ran payroll for all employees.
Roles & Responsibilities: 
Collaborâtes with SOOR Core team to identify and confirm business processes. 

Conducted training for core & end users offshore and onsite.

Customisation of payroll, Personal administration, Origination management, Time management & Report development.
· Developed functional specifications.
· Developed solution for social contribution (PISS) for GCC, annual leave & end of service calculation, Provision for annul leave & end of service calculation & Advance leave salary, PDF e-pay slip, Medical reimbursement etc.
· Prepare the Weekly status reports which  indicates successful percentage of implementation and BAU activities.
· Help Client team to prepare HR Master Data as per the requirement.
1 month on –site support and off-shore support thereafter to resolve operational issues.

Support for Payroll runs and troubleshooting all high priority issues. Reconciliation payroll results with FI team for clearing all postings.
Ability to resolve configuration and functional business issues across various HR modules in a hands-on manner. 

• Participated in Blueprint/process workshops.
• Involved in the Unit testing, Regression Testing and Integration testing.
• Given Functional Specification to ABAP team for calculating customer specific Requirement


Project # 2: SAP ECC 4.7 Application Maintenance & Support   

Client: Coca Cola Enterprises 
Coca-Cola Enterprises (CCE) is the world's largest marketer, producer and distributor of Coca-Cola products.  CCE operates in 46 U.S. states and Canada, and are the exclusive Coca-Cola bottler for all of Belgium, continental France, Great Britain, Luxembourg, Monaco and the Netherlands. Their sales represent 18 percent of The Coca-Cola Company's worldwide volume.

Roles & Responsibilities: 
	Functional Consultant for HCM module- currently assigned role mainly of a Payroll     
      Consultant – North America (U.S. & Canada) 
	Building and maintaining  good rapport with client 
	Resolving Payroll, Posting & Travel related Operational Issues raised through online     
       tool Remedy
	Providing configuration changes required by user arising out of specific business   
       process.
	Incorporating changes required by Federal and/ or State related to Taxation,    
      Garnishments, Benefits.
	Providing support during Year End Activity – Downloading Patch Details, Performing 
      unit / module testing, preparing test-scripts. 
	Providing configuration changes  and transport requests required by EU-HR user.
	Providing 24 X 7 support during upgrade of SAP HR system to ECC 6.
       Adhering to SLAs (Service Level Agreements) mutually agreed upon between Client  
       and us.
       

  
Project # 3: SAP ECC 5 Application Support and Maintenance      
Client: Global Logic, India

Global Logic is a US headquartered global services provider delivering value-driven 
software product lifecycle solutions that meet the strategic objectives of our clients. Global  
Logic has currently implemented an enterprise wide integrated system to satisfy its  
business and corporate needs using SAP as its strategic business solution. 

Project # 4: SAP ECC 4.7 Application Support and Maintenance  

Client: Competent Software, India
Competent Software is an Indian headquartered global services provider involved in 
     Developing Electronic databases for its US and Europe based clients. Competent  
     Software has currently implemented an enterprise wide integrated system to satisfy its  
     business and corporate needs using SAP as its strategic business solution


     Project # 5 : SAP ECC 6.0 Application Support and Maintenance   

Client: English Indian Clay Limited (EICL),India

English India Clay Limited operates China clay mine in India. The company’s clay mining and refining   operation center around Trivandrum ,where processing plant produce several grades of clay. EICL has been successful in maintaining strict quality control and consistent conformity to International Standards.

Roles & Responsibilities:

•     Ability to resolve configuration and functional business issues across various HR   
    modules in a hands-on manner. 
•     Participated in Blueprint/process workshops.
•     Involved in the Unit testing, Regression Testing and Integration testing.
•     Given Functional Specification to ABAP team for calculating customer specific         
Requirement.
• Functional test cases implementation and execution using HP Mercury Quality Centre.
• Experience of handling multiple projects

This also  involves providing post implementation ‘SAP Support’ for the ‘HR Module’, 


3. Sairam Software Solution, Mumbai                                      
      Designation: Consultant, SAP HR Practice

Project # 1: SAP ECC 4.7 Application Support and Maintenance       

     Client: The Walt Disney company (India) Pvt Ltd

The Walt Disney Studios is the foundation on which The Walt Disney Company was built, and at its heart are world-renowned animated features and live-action motion pictures. With the creation of Mickey Mouse and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, the world's first full-length animated feature, the Disney name quickly became synonymous with quality entertainment for the whole family. 

Project # 2: SAP ECC 4.7 Application Support and Maintenance     

Client: Flat Products Equipments (I) Limited  Mumbai
Flat Products Equipments (I) Limited, now a public limited company, traces its origins to a  proprietary           organisation. The company speeded up the cold rolling industry in India through development of indigenous and appropriate technology which otherwise would have depended on imports at prohibitive cost.    

Roles & Responsibilities:

             Involved in Support for OM, PA, PM and Unit Testing.


Other Engagement Overview

1. General Instruments Consortium(GIC), Mumbai                        
Designation: Graduate Engineer Trainee

GIC is largest manufacturer of Primary process controls instruments in India having seven manufacturing plants. My job included programming PID controllers and configuration of SCADA systems.


I declare that the information given above is true to the best of my Knowledge.   
 
Place: Mumbai                                                                                  



