













































RESUME SNAPSHOT


                                               
 
 

 

Ramkumar R S 
 
 

 

        

Synopsis: over 2+ years of Experience, a confident and reliable system engineer with extensive practical 

experience of working with computers and resolving any support issues that are raised to the service desk. 

Possessing a proven ability to administer and control the operation, configuration and maintenance of 

computer based information systems, as well as having an eye for detail and able to multi-task under 

pressure. Now looking to further an already successful career by working for a ambitious and expanding 

company. 

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY 
 
Has over 2+ years of experience in software Installation, Maintenance and Support  

 

 Knowledge of SCCM and bitlocker 

 Flexible enough to adapt to new environments. 

 Sound knowledge in troubleshooting Hardware issues. 

 A positive attitude towards customer service and good communication skills 

 
QUALIFICATION 
 

 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE  
 
 

Period Organization Client Designation 

March 20,2017 to June 27,2018 i-Source Info systems Pvt.Ltd. 
Infosys BPM 

System Engineer 

Oct 19, 2015 to Nov 30, 2016 Web Networks Pvt. Ltd. 
M+R Logistics 
 

Desktop Support Engineer 

 

Degree 
 

Institute Year 

BE( Electronics & 
 Communication Engineering ) 

St. Peters College of Engineering &  
Technology, Chennai 

2014 

Diploma in ECE Apollo Polytechnic College, Chennai 2011 

12th St. Thomas matriculation school, Chennai 2009 

10th Seventh Day Adventist Matriculation Higher 
secondary school, Chennai 

2007 

Areas of 
Experience 
 
Client 
 

Warner Bros. 
   AT&T 

Citizens Bank 
Philips 
Honeywell 

M+R Logistics 

 
Operating 
Systems 
Windows -
XP/7/8/10 
Windows Server 
2008 
Windows Server 
2008 R2 
Windows Server 
2012 
Windows Server 
2012 R2 
 
Ticketing Tools 

    AHD (Infosys) 
    IBM (Maximo) 
 
 

 



                                               
 
 

 

Ramkumar R S 
 
 

 

        

                  
ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 

 Adding/removing users for share drive permissions through Active Directory 

 Unlock an Active Directory Domain User Account 

 Adding and managing Domain user account 

 Connecting the VC call, WebEx and Lync conference. 

 Bit locker installation and BitLocker Encryption configuring. 

 Configuring VPN and internet Proxy settings 

 Installing and configuring outlook, Sapience and SAP clients 

 Installing OS through MDT server  

 maintaining and installing SCCM client 

 Monitoring and updating the Security and Critical patches  

 Responsible for networking, installation and maintenance services.  

 Supporting users and network administrators over the telephone and by email.   

 Installation of SQL and Visual Studio software. 

 Having experience in installation and troubleshooting Symantec, Kaspersky and Sophos antivirus 

 Providing the necessary network support to the users when need through mail, chat and call. 

 Desktop configuration, network connectivity and printer connectivity. 

 Configuration and testing of any new hardware and software.  

 Provided technical guidance and operational instructions to systems users. 

 Troubleshooting software’s like MySQL , Visual Studio Code , Node js and Eclipse 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



                                               
 
 

 

Ramkumar R S 
 
 

 

        

 
PERSONAL DETAILS 

 

 Date of Birth: 30 / 05 / 1990 

 Marital Status: Single 

 Ready to Relocate: Yes  

 Email Id: ramk2611@gmail.com 

 Mobile No: 7395920011 \ 8438251151 

 Address: No 77/86, Arul Nagar 4th Street, M.M.C Post, Chennai-600051  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

DECLARATION 
 

I shall hereby declare that the information furnished above is genuine to the best of my 

Knowledge 


