














































MAYUR GULAB DANGAT								
Mobile: 9096583521
E-Mail: mayur.g.dangat@gmail.com
					

																			
Summary of Work

1. Overall 6 plus Years of Automation experience which includes Customer Support, Data Analysis & Processing, Organize Data and Processes.
2. Experience in cross functional areas, foremost involvement in Data Analytics, SQL Development, MS-BI tools SSIS, MIS Reporting based on the Market operations, Financial, industrial trends ultimately providing the excellent business opportunities to the client.
3. Excellent relationship building, analytical, technical skills and exposure of working in a computerized environment. Possess a flexible & detail oriented attitude.
4. Well versed with  SQL Server 2008 R2, RDBMS, SSIS, VBA, Advance Excel and MS-Access.
5. Proficient knowledge and hands on practice of various Business Intelligence Objects Tools.
6. Self-motivated and energetic person with problem solving and programming skills. Person with positive and determined attitude.
Corporate Experience 

1.   Current Organization 	: 	Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd.
  Post				: 	Consultant
               Duration			: 	July-7,2016- Till Date
  Project & Department 	:	Web Application Maintenance and Technical Support
               Software Used		:	SQL,MS-Office 2007& 2010 (Excel,VBA & MS-Access).
Job Profile:-			
	
·  Adept at developing and supporting analysis solutions, data transformations, and reports.
· Excel at developing and implementing reporting and data solutions, including custom user interfaces.
· In-depth understanding of all stages of software development life cycle (SDLC).
· Proven background improving process quality and providing system automation recommendations and strategies to manage solutions and data efficiently.
· Maintain positive communications and working relationships at all business levels.

2.   Previous Organization 	: 	Accenture Services Ltd. India
  Post				:	 Software Developer Analyst
               Duration			: 	27 July,2015- 7-Jul 2016
  Project & Department 	:	Mumbai Automation Team as Automation in VBA
               Software Used		:	VBA,.Net,Access,SQL,MS-Office 2007& 2010.
Job Profile:-			
	
The Accenture Delivery Methods for MiniBot Development focus on the implementation of application software packages for our Deals. 
This methodology has been designed to support the implementation of any packaged software. In other words, it includes processes and deliverables that are common to all types of package implementations. This methodology serves as the foundation for multiple packaged-specific methods that will be specific to various MiniBots like Screen Scrapping, Work Management, Macros etc. The packaged-specific methods will be tailored to meet the specific needs in implementing these packages. This an rapid application development method rather than a full business integration methodology. They focus on the planning, analysis, design, build, test, and deployment of an application. They also include methods for technical architecture, training and performance support, and service introduction. 

More specifically, the methods include: 
· Project Management. Small projects require project management activities just as larger projects do. However, the reduced scope, shorter schedule, and smaller number of resources reduce the overall complexity of the management activities and allow for streamlined and simplified processes. 
· Plan. Understand client expectations; define initial high-level requirements for the application. Review and confirm the high-level requirements.
· Analyze Application. Involves the tasks and deliverables needed to analyze, design, build, and test a package-based application. 
· Design & Build Application. Includes the tasks and deliverables needed to analyze, select and design, install and build, and test the development, execution, and operations environments. 
· Test Application. Prepare and execute the assembly test to make sure components work correctly when integrated into a complete application. Prepare and execute the product test (this includes application and integration product test) to make sure each application meets the product requirements and that all applications work together.
· Deploy. Includes the tasks and deliverables needed to deploy the application to the users and transition the application management responsibilities to the support unit. 
· Service Introduction. Includes tasks and deliverables needed to validate the operability of the application, while determining what the application management unit needs to do to be ready to support the application. 

3. Previous Organization	:	Eclerx Services Ltd.
    Post				:	Senior Data Analyst
    Duration			:	September 22, 2011 – July 24,2015
    Project & Department    	:	Global BI Operations.
    Software Used		:	MS-Office 2007& 2010, MS-SQL Server 2008 R2.

Job Profile:-			
	
1. As a part of internal automation team, working on different automation projects provided by managers for internal and other processes also.

2. Posses strong analytical skills needed to collect user requirements, analyze and suggest solutions.

3. Preparing BRD (Business Requirement Document) to agree on the requirement of client.

4. Creating new reports & updating existing reports as per the requirements.

5. Analyzing the data and writing (Simple & Complex) SQL queries to extract the data for reporting purpose.

6. Planning and organizing the work and coordinate with team to achieve the deadlines set by clients.
7. Preparing Weekly, Monthly and Quarterly report which gives the client an overview of complete Business and make decisions on those reports.
8. Coordinating with stakeholders/agencies sitting in different countries. Providing them proper production updates on timely basis.
9. Identifying and applying checkpoints to audit Reports.



Projects Details:

1. Create SSIS Package’s to import different types of data into database from multiple location and used multiple SSIS tools with applying stored procedures, cursor’s and complex queries to extract data and get desired output into output files.

2. Develop VBA Code for excel to connect with access database, run desire queries into it and import/export data from excel to access and vice versa then modify excel data with refreshing all pivots into excel for most of the excel reports.

3. Develop VBA code to import data from txt/csv files into excel and applies excel formulas with vba application to get data from another excel files using loop to update all excel sheets for most of the excel reports.
Academic Profile

	Course
	Specification
	University/Board
	PERCENTAGE
	Class
	YEAR OF PASSING

	B.Sc-CS
	Computer Science
	     Mumbai
	54.12 %
	Pass Class
	April-2010

	  H.S.C
	Science
	 Maharashtra
	60 %
	First Class
	Feb-2005

	  S.S.C
	-
	 Maharashtra
	70.53 %
	First Class
	Mar-2003


Professional Skills

1. Advance Excel, Excel-VBA, MS-Access and complete MS-Office.
2. VB 6.0 and MS-SQL Server 2008R2(store procedures, functions, SSIS Packages & SQL queries).
Professional Information

Date of Birth		:	16th  May, 1988
Marital Status 		:	Married
Address 		:	104/A-Wing, Vardhaman Regency, Barrage Road, Near Khamkar School,
Badlapur-West, Dist.-Thane, Pin-421503.
Languages Known 	:	English, Hindi, and Marathi.


Date:-
Place:- Thane                                                                                                     (Mayur Gulab Dangat)
