














































AISHWARYA S. BHUMKAR 
 

aishwaryabhumkar28@gmail.com    +91 8237742885 /+91 8483851042 

 

OBJECTIVE  

To work in a company where I can acquire new knowledge and sharpen my skills and put my 

efforts for achieving growth of organization as well as individual goals. My main intension at this 

step would be to learn new things related to my field. It would be profitable for me as well as 

company.       

 

EDUCATIONAL DETAILS 

Qualification Institute University Year of Passing Percentage(%) 

F.Y.M.C.S 

(Sem2) 
Sinhgad College 

of Science 

SavitribaiPhule 

Pune University 
May 2017 69% 

B.C.S Sinhgad College 

of Science 

SavitribaiPhule 

Pune University 
April 2016 62.05% 

H.S.C. 
M.I.T. Junior 

College 

Maharashtra State 

Board Pune 

Division 
February2013 55.33% 

S.S.C. M.I.T. School 

Maharashtra State 

Board Pune 

Division 
March2011 82.18% 

 

PROJECT  KNOWLEDGE 
1. Tiny School Portal 

 

Introduction: Tiny School Portal is a website for school in which Teachers and Parents can 

communicate with each other. Teachers can update all information like student’s activities, 

holidays, complaints about students etc. Parents can view all this information on this website. 
 

Technology used:PHP,HTML; Back End:Postgresql 

 

2. QuizLet 
 

Introduction :QuizLet is a desktop based application which provides  3 games of different 

backgrounds.  
 

 Reverse Spell: In this game, user has given a word. And he should type it in reverse within 
given time limit. After completion of game, scores will be displayed on the screen.  

 Flashcards: Flashcard is a learning application. In flashcards there are some cards which 
consists of different mathematics formulae. 

 Quiz: This game consists of questions and answers which is based on flashcards. User can 
refer flashcards for this game. There are number of questions which user have to answer 

correctly. The main purpose of this system is to develop logical thinking of the brain in 

easiest and efficient way that is games and to entertain the people. 
 

Technology used:- Java ; Back End :Postgresql 

mailto:aishwaryabhumkar28@gmail.com


 

TECHNICAL   SKILLS 
Languages C,C++,Core Java 

Operating Systems LINUX,WINDOWS(7,XP,8) 

Databases MS-Access,SQL 

Scripting Languages PHP 

Web Designing Languages HTML,PHP,XML 

Application Software Microsoft Excel, Power Point, Microsoft Word 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

 

Present Address 

Flat No. 10,Datta Apartment-B 

Near Sundergarden Bldg., B,Manikbaug, Sinhagad road, Pune – 411 

041.                                                                   

Permanent Address 
C/7, Durvankur Soc.1,Panchavatinagar,Pashan Road, Pune – 411 008 

Date of Birth  28/07/1996 

Marital Status Unmarried 

Languages  Marathi,English,Hindi 

Sex      Male Female 

Hobbies 

 Playing Badminton,Dodgeball 

 Dancing 

 Listening songs 

 Sketching 

Strengths  
Patience,Enthusiasm,Loyalty,Positive Attitude 

 

 

Declaration:  

 
 Hereby I declare that all the above details given are true to the best of my knowledge. 
 

 
Place: Pune                                                                        Name: Aishwarya S.Bhumkar               

 

Date:                                                                                            (Signature) 

 
 


