


















































Arun.K
No-6/57,  Door No-A1
Sri Sankaranarayana Flat, Kuppiah Street,
West Mambalam, 
Chennai – 600 033 
Contact no:  9790708396
Email:  arun916@live.com

Career Objective
I am currently looking for a full time position in an environment helps me utilize my skills and an opportunity to help the company advance efficiently and productively through teamwork.
	Institution Name
	Course
	Percentage
	Year of Passing

	SRM Arts And Science College
	B.C.A
	63%
	2015

	Anjuham Higher Secondary School,WestMambalam
	H.S.C

	58.5%
	2012

	Anjuham Higher Secondary School,WestMambalam
	S.S.L.C
	70%
	2010


Academia 

Software Proficiency
· Operating Systems   : Windows 98,XP,7,8
· Proficiency in MS Office along with  hardware and networking knowledge.
Experience
· Worked as an Operations Associate in Solartis from 21 SEP 2015 to: 31 OCT 2016
· Currently working as a Senior Client Service Executive in Intelenet Global Services from 06 Feb.
 
Working Project Profile	

Project name –  Cash management Operation 

Client– Barclays Bank(UK)

SoftwareUsed– Client liquidity management tool,SOLD.

Rollplayed– Qualifier


KEY WORK RESPONSIBILITIES	

· Responsible for servicing liquidity portfolios of corporate customer
· Respond relationship manager query via email and telephone.
· Investigate and amendment, or sending of cancellation’s request and return of funds for payment in any currency within bank, to other banks via SWIFT.
· To meet daily SLA made with client.
· To achieve our daily targets with quality.

Achievements
· Participated in college and school level competitions and received prizes in sports and other activities.
· Received the ‘Rookie Award’ while working in Solartis.
Personal Skills
· Good Communication Skills 
· Punctuality
· Willing to learn new concepts
Personal Details
Father’s Name	:  Mr.A.Kathirvel
DOB			:  24/10/1994
Nationality		:  Indian
Languages Known	:  English and Tamil 

Declaration
	I hereby declare that all the above given details are true to my knowledge and if given a chance I assure you that I will give my best in working for your reputed organization. 

Place : Chennai 
							
(Arun.K)	
