







































RAGHAVENDRA RAO PILLALAMARRI

                         

                                               ASISH KUMAR

HUMAN RESOURCE PROFESSIONAL 
                            LinkedIn Profile:  https://www.linkedin.com/in/asish-kumar-57832b139/
                            Naukri recruiter Profile: https://www.naukri.com/recruiters/asishkumar-3001122     

                             Email-Id: sai.asishhr@gmail.com                                                                        
                             Contact No: +91 9535878450, Date of Birth: 23-06-1987                                                                                                            

                               Add: Old Airport road,Marathalli,Bangalore 560037, Karnataka, India.

A dynamic & dedicated, HR professional with 4.3 years of experience in managing  complete End to End Recruitment, Joining, On boarding, Talent management & Exit Process. Aspiring to achieve a challenging & rewarding career opportunity to outshine my role towards the various functionalities of the department, and work towards organizational and individual development.
SNAPSHOT
A dynamic HR professional with 4.3 years of experience in the area of Recruitment / Talent Acquisition. 

Currently associated with K.Mohan & Company Exports Pvt.Ltd.
Dedicated, Proactive & highly adaptable to all situations, determination to walk an extra mile to achieve.
Ability in learning new concepts quickly, working well under pressure & communicating ideas clearly.
PROFESSIONAL QUALIFACTIONS

M.B.A (HR & MKT) from Institute of Management & Advance Global Excellence .[2008-10]

Bachelor of Science, From Indravati Mahavidyalaya.[2004-07]

Higher secondary, From Council of Higher Education(CHSE)[2002-04]

10th Standard, From Higher Secondary Education(HSE)[2002]

PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE

                                                                                                                                                                                                          K. Mohan & Company Exports Pvt. Ltd (Corporate Office)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
HR-Executive -Talent Acquisition & Operation- Aug’15 to till date                                                                                                 
About Company: http://kmohan.com/whoweare_overview.html






















Recruitment/Talent Acquisition: 

Responsible for end to end recruitment process across group.

Key Talent Acquisition team member handling internal recruitment.

Sourcing & screening profiles, scheduling interviews, handling walk-ins & post-offer follow-ups.

Searching / sourcing profiles through Online (Job portals & other search engines including Naukri, Monster) / Professional network like LinkedIn, Facebook/ Reference from Existing database / employee referrals)

Mass mailing job description to a pool of potential candidates.

Ensure quality, quantity and turnaround time with the momentum of business

Uploading candidates on ATS (Applicant Tracking System) like CATS

Monitoring and maintaining of database on the basis for all active and inactive candidates, ensuring an accurate pipeline of qualified technical professionals for immediate and future requirements and generating a pool of potential candidates for current and future needs

Database Management, preparing daily, weekly and monthly reports for review.

Sourcing: 

Sourcing the right kind of profiles through internal database, headhunting, job portals, networking as per job specifications given.

Validating, Screening and short listing of Candidates.

Management of healthy source mix, with cost effectiveness in mind. For cost effective recruitment.

Sourcing pipeline management for continuous and healthy recruitment

Making sure processing pipeline is moving constantly to avoid stagnancy in recruitment

  Coordination: 

Conducting first level interviews (Telephonic) to check communication Skills, technical skills, interest level, availability, salary, and everything possible.

Arranging and coordinating both Telephonic and in-person interviews for the short listed candidates.

   Negotiation:

 Negotiating Salary with short listed candidates.

Achieving Win-Win situation in between Candidate expectation and organization matrix.

  Documentation:

Suggesting candidate of required documents, collecting required documents in time.

Avoiding any bottle neck after joining in terms of documentation

Smooth Transitioning :

After joining, retaining good employee and maintaining rapport with employee is quintessentially quite important. Believe in above mentioned, and involved in same.

Make sure if candidate face any issue, can walk and talk to me without any hesitance.

Ultimately assisting in smooth transitioning of new employees.

Background Verification (BGV):

Validating and checking all the required documents.

Seeking and clearing off all the documents insufficiencies by coordinating with newly joined emp. on a day to day basis.

Sending BGV reports to management within dead line.      

Taking necessary action as per the BGV report.

  Database Management & MIS Report :

Preparing daily reports of the offers made.

Preparing Weekly, Quarterly and Annual HR MIS reports (New joiner reports, induction attendee’s reports).   

Prepare & updating the organizational chart department wise.

Prepare GPA (Group Personal Accident Insurances) monthly addition & deletion report.

Data Confirmation, Filing and documentation of a person’s file right from the point we get the documents signed from employee during on boarding. Good at Excel Database Management, V-look up, Pivot Table etc.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    GO GO International Pvt. Ltd (Corporate office)                                                                                                                                             

Jr.Executive-HR (Talent Acquisition & Operation)   - July’13 to Aug’15  

About Company: http://www.gogoindia.com/about-us.php
Recruitment/Talent Acquisition: 

Responsible for end to end recruitment process across group.

Key Talent Acquisition team member handling internal recruitment.

Sourcing & screening profiles, scheduling interviews, handling walk-ins & post-offer follow-ups.

Searching / sourcing profiles through Online (Job portals & other search engines including Naukri, Monster) 

Ensure quality, quantity and turnaround time with the momentum of business

Monitoring and maintaining of database on the basis for all active and inactive candidates, ensuring an accurate pipeline of qualified technical professionals for immediate and future requirements and generating a pool of potential candidates for current and future needs

Database Management, preparing daily, weekly and monthly reports for review.

 Joining Formality & Induction: 

Administrating Joining formalities & handling paper work for new joiners.

Taking care of biometric enrollment, issuing ID cards & company mail id to the new joiners.

Create employee id, Facilitating on boarding program, joining kit, goodies & opening up salary A/C.

Responsible for new hire induction, Coordinate with various stake holders like vendor, work force management, academy, admin teams to ensure smooth induction.

Auditing the personal file submitted by new hires to check if all the statutory and legal compliance are met and sends it for digitization.

Updating all the necessary trackers and publishing it to MIS team.

Follow up for pending documents & collection of the same. 

    Employee Relation & Talent Engagement: 

Queries handling related to new joiners kit, Salary, leave, attendance, team coordination, transfer & resignation, company policy etc.

Actively involved in team building activates like Team out, Team lunch, Staff parties & other recreational / Motivational activities.

Sending birthday mail, tenure completion mails & celebrating festivals. Conducting events @ work place during festivals. 

Shoppers Stop Ltd                                                                                                                                                                       

Management Trainee – Nov’10 to May’13                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
OTHER PROFICIENCY & ACHIEVEMENTS   

Well versed with MS-Word, MS Excel and MS Outlook Express.

Proficient in ERP based software. 

Certified in PeopleSoft (HR ERP based software of Oracle) 

Awarded as “Best Employee of the Quarter”& taken several additional responsibilities.
A state level summer.

STRENGTH & LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY   

Smart Working, Dedicated team player, multitasking.

Fluency in English, Hindi & Kanada.

DECLARATION

I do hereby declare that all the information mentioned above are true to the best of my knowledge.                                                                                                             

