
















































Rohan Murti

Technical Translator/Language Expert

Greetings!
My name is Rohan Murti and I am currently in the final year (seventh semester) of pursuing my 
bachelor’s degree in Information Technology from SRM Institute of Science and Technology in 
Chennai.
I wouldn’t deny the fact that over the course of the past three years, my technical knowledge 
base and expertise have expanded considerably - I have spent days at end trying to fix ‘bugs’ 
in lengthy Java Script code-snippets, burnt the midnight oil for making sure my minor project 
review (on ‘Big Data Analytics’) goes just as planned and almost mastered close to five pro-
gramming languages - but I do consider myself more capable and suitable for another com-
pletely different field of work, which is translation/interpretation.
I’m currently in the B1 level in French. I have also appeared for the British Council’s (Chennai) 
‘Placement Test’, at the end of which I was classified as a C2-level (Advanced) English speaker. 
My speaking/reading/writing/listening abilities in both the languages are advanced enough 
for me to quite effortlessly switch between the two languages whenever needed. I have also in-
terned at The Hindu (Chennai) and The Times of India (Ahmedabad) in the course of these four 
years, where I was a part of the reporting department. I have also translated a mobile 
application from English to French (technical translation) and I’m about to undertake more 
such projects in the future.
I am eager to learn more and provide myself with a much broader exposure which would help 
me expand my vocabulary and hence, get better at this craft some day. Securing a job at a 
reputed organization such as yours would further help me hone my skills better. I would hence 
request you to give me an opportunity to join your organisation.

Personal Info

Address (Temporary)
4-B, Pasha Manzil, 15, Cathedral Garden Rd, 
Tirumurthy Nagar, Nungambakkam, Chennai, 
Tamil Nadu - 600034, India

Phone                                      
9428663729/9016880697 

E-mail
rohan777murti@gmail.com

Date of birth
1998-02-27

Address (Permanent)
B-15, Hill Darshan Avenue, next to Swagat 
Apartments, off Sandesh Press Road, Bodakdev, 
Vastrapur, 
Ahmedabad -380054



Experience

Reporter   2016-12 to 2017-01

Times of India (TOI), Ahmedabad

Was a part of the reporting division, where I was entrusted with the task of ‘ground reporting’.
Got seven articles published in the Times Of India, Ahmedabad.
The task tested my communication skills, and also gave me an insider’s view of the 
functionalities of a newsroom.  

 
Reporter   2018-06 to 2018-07

The Hindu, Chennai

Worked in the reporting division, covering a range of stories throughout Chennai.
Got eight articles published in The Hindu, Chennai.
I was entrusted with covering civic stories, inaugurations, cultural festivals, and political 
happenings in and around Chennai.

Education

2002-05 to 2015-05
 
St Xavier’s High School, Loyola Hall, Ahmedabad
Completed my schooling from St. Xavier’s High School, Loyola Hall, Ahmedabad.

2015-05 to 2019-05
 
SRM Institute of Science and Technology
Completed my bachelor’s in technology (BTech) in Information Technology from 
SRM Institute of Science and Technology, Chennai.

Skills
English Language (Native -  C2 level)                                                                  Advanced

French Language (B1 level)                                                                                    Fluent

Russian Language (A1 level, in process)                                                             Conversational level

Japanese Language (JLPT - N5 level, in process)                                               Basic


