














































RESUME 
 

  SATISHKUMAR  PATIL                                                       
   satishvpatil92@gmail.com                                                                    (+91) 9008755850                                                                              

                                                                                                                                                                                                           

Career Objective: 
Seeking a position in an organization where I can utilize my skills and abilities effectively and 

apply the knowledge gained through my Bachelor’s Degree for the benefit of organization and 

betterment of myself. 

 

Professional Summary: 
 Rich experience in the domain of Software development in Visual Basic 6.0 and VB.NET 

Programming. 

 Able to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical project 
stakeholders. 

 Effective in working independently and collaboratively in teams. 

 Proficient in coding and developing the new program. 
 

Technical Skills: 
Programming Languages: VB 6.0, VB.NET, and SQL. 

Databases                          : Oracle 10g, MS Access, SQL server 2008/2014. 

Web Technologies            : HTML. 

Tools                                  : Visual studio 2010, VB 6.0, Crystal Report, MS Office.                                      

 

Professional Experience: 
 Softvent Services Pvt Ltd, Bengaluru. (March 2016 – Present, Software Developer) 

 Unify Infotech Pvt. Ltd, Bengaluru. (Jan 2015-Feb 2016, Software Developer) 
 

Roles & Responsibilities: 
 Designing and Development of GUI. 

 Linking Back-end and Front-end tools. 

 Designed Reports in Access and Linking through Visual Basic. 

 Performing unit testing on each module before giving new build for testing. 

 Involved in the design of database. 

 Involved in developing and coding screens to Window standards. 

 Generated Various Reports by Using Crystal Reports. 
 

Project Details: 
 Project 1: 

Title    : FACTIC 

Client   : FunderMax India Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore 

Tools   : VB.NET, SQL Server 2014 

Duration  : 2016-2017   

Role   : Developer 

This project helps our client to manage and track all information about their product after 

sale. ERP tracking Machine details like BOM Detail, Planning Details, Purchase details, 

Stocks Details, Sales details etc. 

 



My Role: 

 Developing the Code as per the requirements. 

 Involved in Designing, Coding and Unit Testing of Application. 

 Involved in Database Design. 

 Unit testing and integration testing of owning use cases. 

 Efficient and Successful deliveries on time. 

 

 Project 2:  
Title    : IBS 1.5  

Tools   : VB.6.0, Oracle 10g 

Role   : Developer 

This project is developed for Co-operative banks and Co-operative Credit Socities. It 

covers all the functions of a bank. Ease in creation of user accounts, required banking 

reports. 

My Role: 

 Developed the Code as per the requirements. 

 Unit testing and integration testing of owning use cases. 

 Efficient and Successful deliveries on time. 

 

Achievements: 
 Secured B Certificate in N.C.C from 21

st
 Battalion, Udupi. 

 Attained certificates on attending 3 N.C.C camps. 

Academic Background: 
 BE (IS) from HKE’s SLNCE, Raichur in 2014. 

 PUC from SBC Karkala, Udupi in 2010. 

 SSLC from PSC Sindagi, Vijayapura in 2008. 

 

Personal Details: 
Date of Birth              :  8

th
 July 1992 

Permanent Address  :  S/O –Mr. Virupakshappa Patil,  

                                         Po:-Kerutagi, Tq: - Sindagi, Dist: - Vijayapura 

                                         Pin:-586128 

 

Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the above mentioned particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and 

belief. 

 

 

Place: Bengaluru                                                                                            (SatishKumar Patil) 


