















































(91) 95006 61236 | prakash.ponmani@gmail.com | Bangalore 

  

Prakash Muthukrishnan 
Highly motivated, results driven and strongly analytical individual of a Computer  

Science and Engineering background with 7+ years of extensive experience in  

DB design, development, testing and troubleshooting, seeking a position in an  

organization where I can impart my acquired skills, knowledge and training to  

the best of my ability.    

 

P R O J E C T S  &  R O L E  

 

  BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE ENGINEER  – Incubit Global Business Services 
  PROJECTS HANDLED 

   

       Apr 2016 – Present  Client : American Express India Pvt Ltd                    

  Role : Hadoop performance analysis, SSIS, SSAS BI development  

 

  SENIOR DATABASE  ENGINEER  – Immaculate Data Solutions Pvt Ltd    
  PROJECTS HANDLED 

 

      Oct 2012 - Apr 2016 Client : NetReady MLM System(netready.co.za), South Africa                       

Role: SQL Developer, SSRS Support                                                                              

 

      Feb 2012 - Mar 2013 Client : NLB (National library Board), Singapore                               
Role: SQL Developer, SSAS Cube creation                                                                              

 

      Jan 2011 - Sep 2012 Client : Zaio Corporation (zaio.com), Canada                       

Role: SQL SSIS Developer, Performance Analyzer. 

 

      Oct 2011 - Jun 2012 Client : OceansOfPeople [CANADA] 

Role: DBA & SSIS Developer 

  

      Feb 2011 – Sep 2011 Client : BuyDBest (buydbest.com), USA                                                                

  Role : Support for SQL Development 

 

 

 

P R O J E C T  D E T A I L S  

Prakash- Project 

Details.pdf
 

 

 


latha.alagan
File Attachment
Prakash- Project Details.pdf



(91) 95006 61236 | prakash.ponmani@gmail.com | Bangalore 

  

P R O F E S S I O N A L   

S U M M A R Y  

 Feb 2011 - present         HADOOP  

• Hands on Experience in working with Hive, Sqoop. 

• Strong Knowledge of Hadoop and Hive and Hive's analytical functions 

• Captured data from existing databases that provide SQL interfaces using 

Sqoop 

• Migration from TeraData to Hadoop and loading files to Hive and 

hdfs. Importing and exporting data in HDFS and Hive using Sqoop.  

• Extracted files from TeraData through Sqoop and placed in HDFS and 

processed.  

• Executed queries using Hive and developed Map-Reduce jobs to analyze 

data.  

• Applied partitions and bucketing on table to improve the performance of 

query. Suggested to find partition keys based on data distribution and 

frequently used to column in tables. 

• Created hive udf function using python program. 

• Read hdfs files using spark sql. 

 

SQL SERVER  

• Create database objects such as tables, views stored procedures, 

Triggers, functions  

• Created and Maintaining various databases for Production, Development 

and Testing environments. 

• Written complex queries and calculations with performance 

consideration. 

• Identified and wrote best possible code in case of new deployments or 

modified code when migrating to newer version of SQL 

• Create functions to provide custom functionality as per the requirements. 

• Aware of potential blocking, deadlocking and wrote code to avoid these 

situations 

• Apply index based on performance tuning adviser, analysis about 

execution plan process. 

• SSIS Package Automation, understanding business logics, file handling, 

Extract Transform and loading   data into database with error handling  

• SSIS Package deployment using SSIS Catalog and manifest file (2014 

version) 

• SSRS Report Creation. 

• SSAS Cube creation, building Data warehouse with star, snowflake 

schema, proposing fact and dimension tables. 

• Experienced in SQL server installation, patching, upgrade and migration. 

• Experienced in using Performance monitor, Tracing long running queries 

and deadlocks using SQL Profiler and optimizing the queries using DTA. 



(91) 95006 61236 | prakash.ponmani@gmail.com | Bangalore 

  

• Scheduled Full and Transactional log backups for the user created and 

system databases in the production environment using the Database 

Maintenance Plan Wizard. 

• Experienced in Backup and Recovery strategies in Production 

environment. 

• Experienced in using Profiler and dynamic management functions for 

finding out long running queries. 

• Experienced in T-SQL writing stored procedures, CTE, views and functions. 

• Troubleshoot production database issues and development of scripts. 

• Administrative and Production support for various applications in all 

environments. 

• Managing user logins in production and development environments. 

• Having good knowledge in High Availability features. 

• Having experience in Replication and Database Mirroring and worked in 

testing and development server environment. 

• Having higher proficiency in source code migration from Sql server 2005 to 

Sql server 2008. 

• Having skills in up gradation of any emerging technology within in a short 

period. 

• 24 X 7 Production Database on call support. 

E D U C A T I O N  

 

 2006 – 2010 BACHELOR OF ENGINEER ING, COMPUTER SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING– 

  KLN College of Information Technology affiliated to Anna University, Madurai.  

  Percentage: 62%. Date of Qualification: May 2010. 

  

 2005 – 2006 HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL EXAMINATION (XI I) ,   

  MangayarKarasi Higher Secondary School , Madurai. 

  Percentage: 75%. Date of Qualification: May 2006. 

 

 2003 – 2004 SECONDARY SCHOOL EXAMINATION (X) ,  

  MangayarKarasi Higher Secondary School , Madurai. 

  Percentage: 88%. Date of Qualification: May 2004. 

 

C E R T I F I C A T I O N S  

 

  MCTS MICROSOFT SQL S ERVER 2008 FOR DATAB ASE DEVELOPMENT (70-433)  

MCTS MICROSOFT SQL SERVER 2008 IMPLEMENT ATION AND MAINTENANCE 

(70-432) .  

 

 

 



(91) 95006 61236 | prakash.ponmani@gmail.com | Bangalore 

  

S K I L L S  

  

  PROFESSIONAL   

  MS SQL Server 2005-2016      

  OS - Linux       

  OS – Windows Server 2008       

   

  OTHERS 

• Tools:  

  BIDS, SSMS, DTA, Sql Profiler, Performance Monitor and Control Center, C# 

  python, spark sql, shell scripting 

 

• Network Topologies: 

  TCP/IP, FTP, SFTP, SMTP 

   

 

  PERSONAL  

  Communication [Written and Verbal]   

  Flexibility & Adaptability     

  Leadership & Team work     

  Time Management & Conflict Resolution   

  

P E R S O N A L   

P R O F I L E  

  

Father’s Name   : Muthu Krishnan 

Permanent Address  : 71a, Muniyandi Kovil Street, Ponmeni, 

    Madurai - 625010 

Residential Address                  : No:1B/22, 4th A cross, Maruthi Nagar,                           

Madiwala, 

     Bangalore - 560068 

Date of Birth   : 14 – 06 – 1989 

Linguistic Proficiency  : English, Tamil 

 























































(91) 95006 61236 | prakash.ponmani@gmail.com | Bangalore 

  

Prakash Muthukrishnan 
Highly motivated, results driven and strongly analytical individual of a Computer Science  

and Engineering background with 7+ years of extensive experience in DB design,  

development, testing and troubleshooting, seeking a position in an organization where I  

can impart my acquired skills, knowledge and training to the best of my ability.    

 

P R O J E C T  D E T A I L S  

 

  BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE ENGINEER  – Incubit Global Business Services 
   

       Apr 2016 - Till date  PROJECTS HANDLED 

  Client : American Express India Pvt Ltd                    

  Role : Hadoop performance analysis, SSIS, SSAS BI development  

  Duration : Apr 2016 to till date  

     

  PROJECT DESCRIPTION : 

 

1. Credit risk management: 

 

Hadoop and SSAS: 

 

o Hive Performance improvement, partition, bucketing and file compaction 

suggestion based on the table storage statistical data. 

o Extracting jhist files using shell script and identified more time taken 

queries, often used tables and queues.  

o Extracting Data from RDMS database (Teradata) and CS2.0 as data 

sources for pulling data using Sqoop extract script with connection 

configuration.  

o Queried on IDN tables for pulling data to CS2.0 

o Extracting Data from hive table manipulating data and CSV file creation 

to build OLAP database in SQL. 

o Data from hive is extracted to csv and moved to SQL server. 

o OLAP data ware house creation with SSAS to get analysis report of 

customer activities  

 

Responsibilities: 

 

• Writing script and procedures to manipulate and summarize data as per 

business needs and frame the logic for process trigger in hive 

• Cube creation with complex calculation field sets. 

• Cube Creation based on star and snowflake schema approach. 



(91) 95006 61236 | prakash.ponmani@gmail.com | Bangalore 

  

 

MS SQL: 

 

o Script development in SQL for Address matching, Address Formatting, with 

high volume tables. 

o Gocodes update by using Google API.  

o First 2 months worked in BigData platform migrating data from 

cornerstone 2.0 to new version of cornerstone 3.0 moving tables and data 

to new versions.  

o Data Organization, Data Quality Management 

o MetaData Validation when migrating data from CS2.0 to CS3. 

 

  Responsibilities: 

 

• Script written for address match based on clients data and sending 

reports to client. 

• Analysis data and suggest Datatypes and Length for all table columns 

based on existing data. 

• Data Quality check with CS2.0 to CS 3.0, comparing all data columns to 

ensure the data fed with good quality  

 

 

  SENIOR DATABASE  ENGINEER  – Immaculate Data Solutions Pvt Ltd    
  PROJECTS HANDLED 

 

      Oct 2012 - Apr 2016 Client : NetReady MLM System(netready.co.za), South Africa                       

Role: SQL Developer, SSRS Support                                                                              

   

  PROJECT DESCRIPTION : 

 

Compensation calculations and the ability to trade in multiple currencies and 

languages, automate incentives and recognition, deal with customer queries, 

and communicate with team. 

 

   Responsibilities: 

 
• Over all Database script development for more than 10 MLM 

compensation with high performance for 10 lakh Business users. 

• SQL created for Commission Calculation, Incentive Calculation, 

Recognition. 

• Created the Data model design and apply the DDL structures in the new 

database based on the client`s requirements. 

• Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan using Database 

maintenance plan wizard. 

 



(91) 95006 61236 | prakash.ponmani@gmail.com | Bangalore 

  

      Feb 2012 - Mar 2013 Client : NLB (National library Board), Singapore                             
Role: SQL Developer, SSAS Cube creation  

 

PROJECT DESCRIPTION : 

 

Roll-up of data to higher level of time frequency, data values whether the figures 

are same or different for calendar and financial year. 

 

   Responsibilities: 

 

• Build automated system over all SQL Development to get report Group 

wise Rollup for Financial, Calendar year  

• Tested and Implemented procedures to detect poor database 

performance, collecting required information, root cause analysis. 

• Automated messaging services on server failures, for task completion and 

success. 

                                                                             

 

      Jan 2011 - Sep 2012 Client : Zaio Corporation (zaio.com), Canada                       

Role: SQL SSIS Developer, Performance Analyzer. 

 

PROJECT DESCRIPTION : 

 Its proprietary GeoScore property rating system uses comprehensive property 

data including real estate appraisals and property photos provided by contracted 

independent appraisers and photographers to calculate an estimated valuation.  

 

Responsibilities: 

 

• Designed and implemented tables, functions, stored procedures and 

triggers in SQL Server 2005.  

• Developed SSIS Package Automation with Business intelligence 

• Built data connection to the database using VB.net  

 

 

      Oct 2011 - Jun 2012 Client : OceansOfPeople [CANADA] 

Role: DBA & SSIS Developer 

 

Responsibilities: 

 

• Performed installation of SQL Enterprise 2008 64bit version on Windows 

2008 server on Enterprise systems. 

• Creation of new databases, planning the location of data, index, and 

Transaction log files on disks. 

• Developed Backup & Restore scripts for SQL Server as needed. 

• Setup Database Maintenance Plans to reorganize indexes, re-indexing 

and update the index statistics on the production databases. 

 



(91) 95006 61236 | prakash.ponmani@gmail.com | Bangalore 

  

  

      Feb 2011 – Sep 2011 Client : BuyDBest (buydbest.com), USA                                                                

  Role : Support for SQL Development 

    

   Responsibilities 

 

Provided database development, Package Development and support to 

development team. 

 

 

 


