
















































Mobile: (+91)9952828697


Mobile: (+91)9444559705
Divakaran K						Email: divakaran9127@gmail.com 	


Summary:

· 3 Years of diversified IT experience with extensive knowledge and work experience in Production support of Client-Server and web applications using Oracle database 10g,11g.
· L1/L2 /L3 Support as well as running Critical Batch Processes like End of Day Batch Process in Client Production Environment through a set of backend Activities (using UNIX cmd).
· Experience working in 24/7 support fixing and production bugs.
· Fixed the client reported bugs in product and worked on change requests. 
· Developed SQL Queries for Reports. 

Technical Expertise:

	Operating Systems
	Windows Family, Unix

	Programming Languages
	Oracle PL/SQL,SQL

	Databases       
	Oracle (10g, 11g)

	Database Tools
	SQL DEVELOPER, TOAD, PLSQL Developer




Experience Summary:

· Working as a Analyst in XM Software Solution Pvt Ltd at Chennai from August 2010 to April 2012.
· Working as a Software Engineer in Sunoida Solutions Pvt Ltd at Chennai from July 2015 to August 2018.

Education Profile:
B.E (Electrical And Electronics Engineering) from Aarupadai Veedu Institute of Technology, Chennai.

Project Details:
Project1:

Project Title       	:  NBTBOSS (NBT BANK OPERATIONAL SUPPORT SYSTEM)
Client                	:  NBT BANK, US
Role                   	:  L1 and L2 Support
Duration            	:  August 2010 to April 2012
Domain              	:  BANKING
Environment    	:  Oracle 10g, PL/SQL,  TOAD, SQL PLUS, SQL Developer.

Description:  NBT Bancorp is a financial services holding company with its roots firmly planted in community banking. We have a proud heritage of building long-term financial relationships with individuals, businesses and organizations of all sizes and remain dedicated to delivering high-quality service to customers and long-term value to stockholders.
Project2: 

Title		:	Outlay Banking System (OBS)
Client		:	Rak Bank, Dubai.
Domain	: 	Banking.
Role                   : 	PL/SQL Developer
Duration	:	July 2015 to August 2018.
Environment   : 	 Oracle 10g, PL/SQL,  TOAD, SQL PLUS, SQL Developer.

Description:

Outlay Banking System (OBS) this will help to strike a balance between the organaisational  needs and available resources. In this project different method of managing those resources has also been suggested, to help the organaisation to do better bankers motivation and retention.

Responsibilities:

· Collected User Requirements by participating in meetings and studying existing System
· Involved in modifying various existing procedures and functions according to the new business needs. 
· Wrote complex SQL queries using  joins, sub queries and correlated sub queries to retrieve data from the database.
· Implementing the report logic using Stored Procedures and functions in Oracle.
· Involved in Deployment of Objects and Returns Regeneration at Client Side.
· Excellent SQL skills, experience writing complex queries and working with database objects like tables, views, Materialized View, sequences, synonyms.
· Resolved issues with assigned SLA and Prepared root cause analysis for issues occurred. Responsible for Identifying Live Issues if any then Fixing the same for smooth Running of the Batch Process.
· Had experience in Servicenow
· Release Preparation and Delivery (Backend Deployment) 
· Experience in handling OLA and MIM.
· Monitoring the Database performance and took  necessary action to optimize the database performance
· Provided support for running project and Interacting with clients from across 
the country and assisting them on various Product related queries.  





Personal Details:

Father’s Name		: Karthikeyan S
Marital Status.		: Single  
Dob			: 27-02-1991.
Nationality		: Indian        
Languages known	: English & Tamil        
Address		: 171, South Ring Road,
			  Kalpakkam, Township - 603102.

Declaration:

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Date	:									
Place 	:  Chennai						        (Divakaran K)                                                                                            
