













































Neha Grewal     


Neha Grewal      

E-mail Id: grewalneha05@gmail.com                                                         Phone No: 9015098778      

SUMMARY                                                                 

 

Experienced Talent Acquisition with a demonstrated history of working in the staffing and 

recruiting industry. Skilled in HR Consulting, Executive Search, Technical Recruiting, 

Screening, and Management.  

Hiring for E-Commerce organizations (OYO Rooms, Flipkart, Amazon, Myntra, Swiggy, Ola, 

Urban Clap, Travel Triangle). 

                                                        

OBJECTIVE                                                                  

 

To be a part of a challenging team, that strives for the better growth of the organization and 

provides me with an opportunity to enhance my talent, with an intention to be an asset to the 

company. 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE                                                                  

 

Employer: Anzy Careers Pvt Ltd 

Role         : Senior Recruitment Specialist 

Duration : June 2015 to Present  

 

Anzy Careers Pvt Ltd made its tryst with destiny in the year 2010.We are an efficient leading 

Human Resource Solution provider offering practical long-term solutions to its clients in the 

areas of Recruitment (Resource Process Outsourcing and Executive Search). We are a 

premier provider of senior-level executive search and leadership consulting services, 

including board building. Our success stems from sourcing and convincing the very best 

people to work for our clients. Our goal is to provide a service that places our clients needs 

and our candidate's careers above everything else. Anzy Careers is a specialized recruitment 

consulting firm aimed to assist a client organization in identifying well-qualified and 

motivated candidates, and selecting those best suited through comprehensive, quality 

assured search processes. 
 

With a flooded job market, employers can be selective and choose to hire only the best. We 

will help you to choose the best. http://anzycareers.com/ 

 

 

 

mailto:grewalneha05@gmail.com
http://anzycareers.com/


Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Client Engagement. 

 Responsible for end to end recruitment. 

 Full involvement in Product Development hiring. 

 Head Hunting high profile Architects and VP- Engineers for 

awesome Startups across India. 

 Sound Experience in doing Mapping & Head Hunting for the client. 

 

Employer: BestInfo system Ltd 

Role         : Sr IT Recruiter 

Duration : Dec 2013 to May 2015 

A legendary name - Best InfoSystems Ltd. established in 1999 by a Group of Professionals 

from varied industries with vast Technical & Managerial experience under the leadership of 

Mr. Ashok Sachan, 1982-86 Alumnus of Moti Lal Nehru Regional Engineering College 

Allahabad, now called MNNIT. His Extreme Efforts and Hard work earned Best Infosystems 

a name of repute in IT & Telecom sector. The Group consists of a committed squad of 

professionally qualified personnel and consultants contributing top of the contour large-scale 

executive recruitment and selection services. Its services are rendered over an extensive 

geological region that crosses transversely Asia and Western Pacific markets, making it one 

of the foremost HR recruitment firms. http://www.bestinfosystems.co.in/ 

 

Responsibilities: 

 Understanding the client’s Requirements  

 Sourcing through various job portals like Times Job, Monster, Naukri.com etc.  

 Effectively using personal network built up Database, Internet(Portals),Socials     
Networks such as LinkedIn. 

 Ensuring Candidates availability. 

 Negotiating the Salary according to Company’s Standard. 

 Scheduling Interviews for the short listed candidates. 

 Tracking the progress from client and candidate’s end. 

 Follow up the short listed candidates till they join the company. 

 Maintain a cordial relation with the candidate even after the candidate join the  
Client’s Place 

 

ACADEMICS                                                                

 

MBA (Human Resource) from G.N.I.T., G.Noida in 2013 (Secured 71.38%) 

BBA from H.E.C., HNB University, Haridwar in 2011 (Secured 67.86%) 

SSC from K.V., Haridwar, CBSE Board in 2008 (Secured 62%) 

HSC from K.V., Haridwar, CBSE Board in 2006 (Secured 56%) 

http://www.bestinfosystems.co.in/


PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN 
 
Organization   : Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd. BHEL 

Duration          : 45 Days  

Project Title    : Recruitment & Selection 

Description      :   

It provided extensive knowledge regarding the recruiting and selection process of the Company 

by interacting wit executives, attending seminar and training programmes of the organisation 

 

ACADEMIC/EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 

 

 Member of PRATYANA NGO.  

 Awarded as Best Performer in College Events. 

 Participated in Blood Donation camp organized by PRAYTNA NGO 

 Active participant of various cultural activities in school and college 

 Won 1st prize in dance 

 Competition in college festival 
 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

 

Father’s Name                       

 

: 

 

Mr. Basant Kumar 

Sex                                           : Female             

Marital Status                        : Single              

Language Proficiency          : English, Hindi               

Permanent Address             : Q.No.477/II/I,B.H.E.L.,Ranipur,Haridwar,Uttarkhand-249403                                                                                       

Phone No. :  9015098778          

Mobility                                  : Yes 

 

   

DECLARATION 

 

 

I hereby declare that the information and facts stated above are true and correct to the best of my 

knowledge and belief. 

 

 

                                                                                                 Signature:  

                                                                                                              NEHA GREWAL 

 


