















































RESUME



ABISHEK.V  
45/14 Gangai Amman Kovil Street,
 Lakshmipuram, Thiruvanmiyur, 
Chennai-600041.                                                                       EMAIL: igreat.abishek@gmail.com   		                                                                          CONTACT NO: +919791030419
 
Objective

Seeking a well- defined position to utilize my skills and abilities to be unique in the industry that offers growth for my abilities. 



Academic Record:
	Qualification
	Name of the Institution
	Year 

	B.SC
(Computer Science)
	Mohamed  Sathak Art & Science                   College
	2012-2015

	HSC
	Arignar Anna Govt Hr.Sec.School   Besant Nagar
	2011-2012

	SSLC
	Arignar Anna Govt Hr.Sec.School   Besant Nagar
	2009-2010


 	


Strengths:-
Ability to analyze problems & Ability to solve the problems learn new skills and technology, looking forward to accept any challenge. Determination, will power, strong sense of commitment, dedication and responsibility.

Software Skills:
Typing                         : Junior (English)
Packages		:  MS Office Expert (Excel, Word, Access)
Languages		:  HTML, CSS, CSS3, Jquery, JavaScript, Basic C, C++, Java

Job Experience:-
· First source Solutions Limited:-
Job Title                                           : BPO Non voice process (Customer Accounting Department)
Duration			     : From 02nd July 2015 to 31st July 2017 
Position			     : Senior CSA
Client				     : Aircel
Work Tools			     : MS-Excel, MS-Access, ICRM, KENAN & EPS

Responsibilities:-
· Analyze the Customer’s details using the application ICRM.
· Circulating MIS to the Management on daily basis.
· Each and every process separately maintenances dashboard.
· Working on the Client request.
· MIS Data compiling, generating & analyzing the reports.



· Enlist Management Consultants Ltd:-
Job Title                                           : Fraud Management System for Post Paid Connection
Duration			     : From 02nd Aug 2017 to 15th Feb 2018
Position			     : MIS Executive Senior Officer
Client				     : Aircel
Work Tools			     : MS-Excel, MS-Access, ICRM, KENAN, EPS, SNIFFER & E-ART  
                                                          
Responsibilities:-
· Report Enhancement for reports like Sniffer Pre-check and Collection report
· Performing the Production support activities/preparing dashboard.
· Analyze the Critical job abort scenario in production support and analyzing the Issue regarding connection activities.


· Hexaware Technologies:-
Job Title                                           : BPO Non voice process (Finance Department)
Duration			     : From 26th Feb 2018 to till working 
Position			     : MIS Executive Senior Officer
Client				     : Tele2 (Sweden Process)
Work Tools			     : MS-Excel, MS-Access, CRM-Sibel, Single view, Single viewCQ                                                            

Responsibilities:-
· Preparation of employee login and logout dashboards for FTD & MTD wise.  
· Analyze the Critical scenario for the processes, complete report with in TAT and preparing dashboard based on the processes.
· Assisting the new scenario and process update for team members.
· Sharing the processes for the new joiners. 


Achievements & Project:-
· Have done process soft automation based on MS access.
· Won Punctuality Award for the Attendance.
· Won the Star performer award for the process.
· Handled client Queries effectively and solved the issues.

Extracurricular & Project:-
· Web design:-
· Comprehensive knowledge of HTML, CSS, CSS3, Javascript, Jquery.
· Have done web design for special school website.
Web Site name :- Gowrinturst.org


Personal Details:

Name				: ABISHEK.V 
Father’s Name			: Viswanathan.K.N
Date of Birth			: 14th July 1994
Gender				: Male
Nationality			: Indian
Hobbies			: Drawing, Web design 
Languages Known		: Tamil, English and kanadam 

Declaration:
			I hereby declare that the above-mentioned particulars are true & genuine and are as per the Certification.



Date	:						                   
Place	: Chennai                                                                                                    (ABISHEK.V)

