














































 

ABHISHEK NARURKAR 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

AAA BBB HHH III SSS HHH EEE KKK    VVV ...    NNN AAA RRR UUU RRR KKK AAA RRR  
Executive Credit Evaluation & 

Control 

 

No, 312, 3
rd

 Floor, Dempo Towers, 

Patto Plaza, Panaji- 403001 

Phone No: +91 9405218777 

Email ID: abhi0561@gmail.com 

 

 

 Milagris High School- Sawantwadi- 

MH, SSC 2004 

 S.P.K M- Sawantwadi- MH, H.S.C 

(Science) 2006 

 S.P.K M- Sawantwadi- MH,    Bsc  

2010  

 MS-CIT OCT 2007  

 

 Excellent follow up skills. 

 Strong negotiating skills. 

 Able to plan and organize tasks 

effectively. 

 Proven ability to work 

unsupervised. 

 Outstanding analytic acumen. 

 Excellent skills in written and oral 

communication. 

 Customer Service 

 Transaction Review 

 Accounts Payable/Receivable 

 Financial Statements 

 Account Analysis 

 Regulatory Screening 

 Cash Flow Monitoring 

 Risk Rating 

 

 

 

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND  

OTHER SKILLS & STRENGHTS 

AREAS OF EXPERTISE 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

 KEY QUALIFICATIONS 
• Over 6 years’ experience working as a Credit Controller with 
Nilkamal Ltd.  
• Highly skilled in setting up credit terms and conditions in 
accordance to the company’s policies. 
• Track record of performing credit and collection functions 
through direct client communication channels. 
• Hands on experience in resolving complex credit issues. 
 

 ACCOMPLISHMENTS 
• Increased the company’s credit capability by ensuring that 
“would be” delinquent accounts are eradicated. 
• Processed credit applications for three large conglomerates 
simultaneously thereby meeting proposed deadlines. 
• Maintained records of all accounts payable and receivable. 

 
 WORK EXPERIENCE 

July 2012 – current 
Nilkamal Ltd –Panaji, Goa 

 
CREDIT CONTROLLER 
• Managed account reconciliations and managed debt. 
• Established new customer accounts. 
• Ensured reduction on accounts receivable. 
• Ensured cash collection targets are meet. 
• Monitored overdue debts and minimize ledger. 
• Followed up on delinquent accounts. 
• Identified and manage credit notes and write-off concerns. 
• Documented customer payment issues. 
• Ensure timely completion of general ledger balances with 
accuracy. 
• Recommend and approve credit lines within prescribed    
guidelines. 
• Supervise day to day operations related to cost accounting, 
deduction and payroll processing. 

 

I have a deep desire to do the right thing for my customers. For the last six years I have been employer of Nilkamal 

Ltd, and in this role my main duty has been to provide an unparalleled customer experience by empowering sales 

staff and driving innovation. My present employer is very satisfied with my ability to not only coordinate and 

complete several tasks at once, but also to maintain good customer relationships. On a personal level, I have real 

ambition and a very strong desire to reach my goals. Right now I am looking for a suitable position with a fast-

moving organization that has an environment of opportunities for personal and career growth. 


