






































Indrajit_Pal


         Indrajit Pal           
Executive Summary 

• I have over 14 years of experience on projects following SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle). 
• Worked at onsite at USA, UK & China with client to understand the requirements and formulate 

detailed specification. 
• I have been working on advanced Java concept/architecture and specializing in web development. 
• I have worked on Android App development 
• Worked on advanced Oracle10g/PlSQL developer/DBA, Postgresql .  
• I have experience in multi-tier, database-driven, client-server, Internet, Web2.0 technologies. 
• I have knowledge of Agile Methodologies, architecture, procedural, code cleanup redesign and re-

factoring and performance tunning of code and database. 
• I am always being customer/client cantered with emphasis on high quality and system integrity. 
• Have good expertise in Java, Tomcat 4.1, 5.5, 6.0, Oracle10g, hibernate, dwr, spring, log4j, SQL 

Server (T-SQL, Stored Procedure). 
• I had managed a team of 15 software professional involved in projects using Microsoft technologies 

and J2EE. 

LANGUAGES & APPLICATIONS 
  Programming languages: JAVA, J2EE, PL/SQL 

IDEs: Eclipse, Net Beans, IntelliJ 
Web Skills: AJAX, HTML, DHTML, Servlets, JDBC, JSP, XML, Spring, Hibernate, DWR, Log4j, 
jUnit, JMeter. 
Javascript.Frameworks: Dojo, JQuery 
Web server: Apache, Tomcat 4.1, 5.5, 6.0, 7x, 8x 
Database: SQL Server 7.0/2000/2005, Oracle 10g, MySQL, Postgresql 
Source control tools: CVS, Subversion, Clear CasePackage, GIT  
Deployment tools: Ant, Maven, Gradle 
CMS: Interwoven(Team Site, Open-deploy, Site-publisher), Hybris 

PROJECT EXPERIENCE 

The following are representative projects done in the past. 

S2Pay 
Duration: Jun 2011 – Aug 2012 
       Feb2013 - till date  
Client : S2Pay Software Pvt. Ltd. / Net Vigil Software Pvt. Ltd. 
Project description : 
S2Pay is an Innovative mobile wallet for making payment to anyone, anytime, anywhere in a quick and safe 
way. This application is designed looking towards the merchant problems and it is offline based payment. We 
have patented pending offline authentication system which is implemented in this product. 

For more details: http://www.s2pay.com 
Team size:  10 
Roles:  
 Working as Technical Manager. Defining new Story which are feature of the product. 
 Choosing the technology stack.  
 Defining the guide lines for the developer & mentoring them.  
 Code Review, Stress testing for the product. Atomize testing process for the product. 
 Performed performance tuning on the code and as well as database. 

Performed Security code review for the PCI/DSS compliance as per the guidelines of OWASP 
Performed integration with core banking system with major banks of India.  

Indrajit Pal  Page 4 of !7



         Indrajit Pal           
Performed integration with open banking system with European banks 

Kleertjes - Checkout Process Enhancement 
Kleertjes - Checkout Process Enhancement 
Duration: Sep 2012 – Feb 2013 
Client : Kleertjes 
Project description: 
Re-implementing the Kleertjes Checkout process and implementation the new UI Layer and new 
process on the website. 
For more details: http://kleertjes.nl 
Team size:  3 
Roles:  
 Leading three member’s team to re-design the Checkout module of the customer facing   
website. 
 System and integration testing for compatibility with web based application 
              Leading the production support and handling the production defect fixing and change   
requests. 

Estimation for change requests 

ToysRus 
Duration: June 2009- May-2010 
Client : ToysRus UK 
Project description: 
The project involves role of building client confidence and support the project & enhance the feature 
and implement new features.   
The web site is one of the biggest retail shopping portal in world of Toys. It also keeps information 
about the Catalogs, Product, Pricing. The entire support is taken over by Lbi UK. 
The requirement is  

• The project is build on Hybris platform where the entire catalog and products are managed. 
• There are data which are integrated with feed sub system which provide. 
• The project is integrates with several other system such as AS400, Coremetrics, 

Fredhopper(search & facets), Silverpop(Email marketing), datacash. QAS,  
• Every module is component driven and integrate with Hybris. 
• The website is build on JSF components along with the Spring  
• The wesbite also have pages which are cms driven from Hybris. 

For more details: http://toysrus.co.uk 
Team size:  3 
Roles: Understanding the existing code base and projects features.   
 Reviewing the standard (coding and architectural) 

Manage and controlling the project. 
Building up client confidence. 

 Ensuring the project schedule are met and project cost does not escalate. 
 Responsible for overall project deliverables and the quality of the deliverables. 
 Design & Coding for new modules recommendation on the new enhancement.  

NFL -R2 
Duration: Oct 2008- Feb-2009 
Client : NFL, US 
Project description: 

Indrajit Pal  Page 4 of !7



         Indrajit Pal           
The project involves building a platform for different website for NFL clubs that is targeted at the fan 
lovers for NFL sports. 
The web site provides information regarding players, events, coach, cheerleaders across various 
clubs. It also keeps all the information about the historical and statistical data for the team. The entire 
R2 phase developed in Agile process. Where each stories and sub task are tracked under JIRA.  
The requirement is  

• To build a platform for different clubs. 
• The content of the site is stored on CMS “Interwoven” 
• There are few data which are integrated with feed sub system which provide the historical 

data for the clubs from the year 1970. 
• Every module is component driven and integrate with Interwoven to build the page from the 

CMS using ESI tags.  
• The HTML Pages for the website are on Akamai Server to Scale the applications.  

For more details: http://buffalobills.com 
    http://seahawks.com 

Team size:  10 
Roles: Design the database for few components and generate the respective model for  the project.  

Manage and controlling the project for the R2.  
 Ensuring the project schedule are met and project cost does not escalate. 
 Responsible for overall project deliverables and the quality of the deliverables. 
 Design & Coding for few module like cheerleader, jumpmenu module using J2EE. 
 Code review for other modules.  
  
Environment: JSP/JSTL, XML, Hibernate3.2, Spring2.5, Interwoven, XSLT, jQuery, Tomcat and 
Oracle10g 

GlobalCampus 
Duration: Mar 2008- May-2008 
Client : UCTV Digital, United Kingdom 
Project description: 
The project involves building a web site for UCTV digital that is targeted at the students across globe. 
The web site provides information regarding universities, institutions across various countries and 
presents information regarding the courses and scholarships offered by the universities & institutes. 
The requirement is  

• To build a Search & a Browse module that presents information about the Universities, 
institutes and courses offered to the end users. 

• Provide a Question & Answer feature for the end users to enable them to raise questions. 
• To enable users to register to the site. 
• Provide the functionality of defining & setting filters to the registered users. 
• Enable registered users to enter their qualifications and calculate their eligibility score for 

admission to various universities. 
• Associate universities with a range of minimum and maximum eligibility scores. 
• For the registered users, depicting the universities for which they are eligible for admission. 

Also, depicting the universities for which they have a possibility of gaining admission and the 
universities for which they are not eligible at all. 

Enable registered users to provide feedback about the site and to add new information to site. 
For more details: http://globalcampus.com 

Team size:  10 
Roles: Design the database and generate the domains for the project.  

Indrajit Pal  Page 4 of !7



         Indrajit Pal           
Manage and controlling the project for the phase-I.  

 Ensuring the project schedule are met and project cost does not escalate. 
 Responsible for overall project deliverables and the quality of the deliverables. 
 Design & Coding for entire auditing module using aspect programming.  
  
Environment: JSP/Servlets, XML, Hibernate, Spring, DWR, Tomcat and MySQL 

Request For Quote 
Duration: Nov 2007- Mar 2008 
Client: Nokia CDMA R & D, San Diego 

Project description: The requirement of the system to create analysis tool for Nokia R & D team 
while designing the new concept/phone. The application help to analyze different set of data and 
helps user to determine the best feature and optimum cost for manufacturing. It also analyses the 
data for different components/parts which is actually needed for concept to come out as physical 
device. 

Team size: 6 
Roles: Understanding the requirement and laid out the high- level specification. 
 Estimated the cost.  
 Identify at high level the technical components necessary to meet the project  
requirements. 

Design the database and review.  
Code review. 
Involved in developing end to end short module based development.(agile development 
methodology). 
Overall responsible for deliverables.  

  
Environment:  Java, Spring2.0.8, Hibernate3.0, Tomcat4.1, Oracle 10g 

Strategic Radar Dynamic Monitoring 
Duration: Apr 2006- till date 
Client: Strategic Radar 

Project description: SRDM is an end-to-end solution to deliver dynamic monitoring integrated with 
an organization's scenario-based strategy. Dynamic monitoring encompasses the complex process of 
scanning the external signals that could favor a potential future scenario. Strategic Radar has 
developed proprietary methodology and technology that "wires" the changes in external market 
forces to the impacts on an organization's strategy and operational decisions. This system takes in a 
large amount of information and reduces the noise to spot key signals .  

The results of this ongoing service are delivered to the client through our SRDM Dashboard.  This 
dashboard depicts in a concise view, the areas requiring change and focus within and organization's 
strategy 

For more details: http://strategicradar.com/sr-products-srdm.htm 

Indrajit Pal  Page 4 of !7



         Indrajit Pal           
Team size: 6 
Roles: Understanding the requirement and laid out the high- level specification. 
 Identify frameworks and tools. 

Design the database and review.  
Coding, Code review. 
Maintaining and managing the feature request/change request till date.  
Overall responsible for deliverables.  
Migration of ORM layer from Hibernate 2.0 to 3.2  

  
Environment:  Java, Spring1.2, jFreeChart, Flash Hibernate2.0, Tomcat6.0, SQL Server 2005 
Application URL: https://my.strategicradar.com 

Strategic Radar Web Enhancement 
Duration: Oct 2007 – Dec-2007  
Client: Strategic Radar  
Project description: 
 The requirement is to create the online demo for the SRDM application and to integrate few 
modules such as Experts, Scanning Topic, Signal, Forces to their public facing website. For more 
details: http://strategicradar.com/Process.aspx 

Team size: 2 
Responsibility: 

• Design the online demo for the SRDM Product 
• Development and integration of new modules in their existing site.  
• Managing and cost estimation, requirement gathering for the project. 

• Overall responsible for deliverables. 
Environment:  .Net 2.0, SQL Server 2005, Flash 

Reflective Learning 
Duration: Jul 2007 – Aug 2007 
Client: Reflective Learning 
Project Description:  This is an administrative module to manage the end user, license, Client and 
generate various reports on different programs of RL. To see more details: http://admin.r4power.com/
reflectiveAdmin/login.do 

Team Size: 4 
Roles: Define the technical architecture of the application.  
  Design the database, Code review 
  Involved in the process of client discussion. 
  Define the development tools and environment 
  Coach the development team and resolve the technical issue.  
  
Technologies: Java, Tomcat4.1, Spring1.2, Hibernate2.0, jFreeChart, iText 
Web Server: Apache 
Database Server: MySQL 
Product Integrity 
Duration: Nov 2005 – Jan 2006 
Client: Nokia CDMA, San Diego 
Project Description:  To automate the process of Nokia CDMA Product Integrity to record the result of  
reliability tests during the CE and PE phase. The proposed soultion is to automate the entire process 
and capture all test results stored in the relational database. This would allow users to build  various 

Indrajit Pal  Page 4 of !7



         Indrajit Pal           
reports , data marts and data warehouses. This system also interface with Team Track system 
available with Nokia.   
Team Size: 3 
Roles:  Senior Developer. 
   Design the database. 
   Involved in the process of requirement gathering.  
   Maintaining the system and managing the feature request and change control. 
Technologies: Java, Tomcat4.1, Spring1.2, Hibernate2.0 
Web Server: Apache 
Database Server: Oracle10g 

Business Intelligence System 
Duration: August 2005 – Nov 2005 
Client: Nokia CDMA, San Diego 
Project Description: This project is needed to provide the marketing and sales departments with high 
quality and timely competitor analysis support.  This support includes the ability to compare Nokia 
CDMA products against the competition in terms of features, price, and markets as well as provide 
visibility to competitor and carrier product roadmaps. 

The goal of BIS is to create one place for all our competitor data that is easy enough to use that 
customers will feel comfortable going to the automated system on their own for the more common 
tasks.  BIS will facilitate better business decisions, reduce wasted labor, and provide better strategic 
analysis through providing customers with more robust and usable data and by providing the 
resources within the BI Team for higher-level strategic analysis.  Cost savings will be long term, as 
BIS will be operating autonomously and will be scalable to allow for any minor upgrades as needed. 

Team Size: 5 
Roles:  Senior Developer 
 Involved in customer discussion. 
 Design the database.  
 Coding and code review. 

Technologies: Java, Tomcat4.1, Spring 1.2, Hibernate 2.0 
Web Server: Apache 
Database Server: Oracle10g Releas2. 

WORK EXPERIENCE BACKGROUND 
Oct-2016 to till date working as Technical Manager with S2Pay Software Pvt Ltd.  
June-2011 to Sept 2016 working as Technical Manager with Net Vigil Software Pvt Ltd. Mumbai. 
(NetVigil Software got rebranded as S2Pay Software Pvt Ltd.) 

May-2007 to May 2011 working as Lead project Manager and Technical Architect with LBi India, 
Mumbai  

Aug-2005 – May 2007, worked as Senior Technical consultant with Vizualize Technologies, Pvt. Ltd., 
Mumbai 

Indrajit Pal  Page 4 of !7



         Indrajit Pal           
May-2004 – July 2005, worked as System Analyst in Nihilent Technologies, Pvt. Ltd. , Pune  

June 2003 – May 2004, worked as Jr. developer In Quilis Infotech Pvt. Ltd. Secunderabad 

May 1999 – March 2000 Worked as Jr. Developer in Satyam computer society of India, cuttack, Orissa.  

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND 

2003 Master of Computer Application Bharathiar University, India 
1999 Bachelor of Scs (Computer Sc.) 
1999 Oracle 8i work shop for SQL Star International.

Indrajit Pal  Page 4 of !7


