















































RESUME                                                                   

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Name: Sameer Liladhar Patil                                                                                                            

Email Id: patilsameer201@gmail.com 

Contact details: 9029410814 

Address: 7,Om Ashapura Chs., Ramchandra Ngr, 

                 Manpada Road, Dombivali(East). 

 

Career Objective:  To develop my career in the field of technology as an Engineer where I will 

be a valuable team member, contributing quality ideas and work for an Organization where 

there is an ample scope for individual as well as Organization growth. 

Academic Qualifications: 

Education             College Name Year of passing 

Bachelor of Computer 

Engineering 

Yadavrao Tasgaonkar 

college of Engineering & 

Management, Bhivpuri Rd. 

2017 

Diploma In Computer Engg. Yadavrao Tasgaonkar 

Polytechnic, Bhivpuri Rd. 

2013 

S.S.C R. V Nerurkar High School, 

Dombivali(E.) 

2009 

 

Career Achievements: 

 Language known : C, C++, JAVA, .NET 

 Knowledge of : MS EXCEL ,SQL 

 Web Technologies : HTML 

 Designing knowledge: Corel Draw, Adobe Photoshop. 



Project  Skills: 

Project Name : Student Attendance System Through Wifi 

 

 Whole world and administrators of Educational institutions in our country are concerned about 

regularity of student attendance. Student’s overall academic performance is affected by the 

student’s present in his institute. Mainly there are two conventional methods for attendance taking 

and they are by calling student names or by taking student sign on paper. They both were more 

time consuming and inefficient. Hence, there is a requirement of computer-based student 

attendance management system which will assist the faculty for maintaining attendance of 

presence. The problem of student attendance management is defined which is traditionally taken 

manually by faculty. One alternative to make student attendance system automatic is provided by 

Computer Vision. 

Need Of Project:  
 
- To make user friendly and paperless work for staff.  

-Store the Daily, Weekly& monthly attendance on the Centralized Database.  

- To view Student attendance from anywhere at any time by just login.  

- Not only to view his/her attendance, but also to view their bunks etc.  

- Neither unauthorized person can login nor able to view the record.  To save time instead 
searching from bundles of documents.  

 

 Software interfaces: 
 
This is the software configuration in which the project was shaped. The programming language 
used, tools used are described here.  
 

- This software package is developed using java as front end which is supported by sun micro 
system. Microsoft SQL Lite as the back end to store the database.  

- Operating System : Android OS 4 above& API 18  

- Language : Java Runtime Environment, Xml (front end)  



 
- Database : MS SQL Lite (back end)  

- Coding Language : JAVA  

- Frame work : Android Framework  
 

Personal Skills: 

 Ability to deal with people in a team environment. 

 Willingness to learn new things. 

 A goal oriented work style. 

 Hardworking, resposible & sincere. 

 Effective communication skills. 

Personal Profile:             

Date of Birth:                       28-06-1994 

Sex:                                        male 

Marital Status:                     Single 

Languages Known:              English, Hindi, Marathi 

Hobbies:                                ,Watching Comedy Shows,Reality Shows etc.  

Nationality:                           Indian  

Declaration:  I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my 

knowledge. 

                                                                                                                                            Signature                 

                                                                                                                                    Sameer Liladhar Patil 


