










































SAMIK GHOSAL


                                                                SAMIK GHOSAL                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                              Current Address: Flat No -6, 1st Floor 4th Cross 
  Hongasandra, Bangalore = 560068                                                                                                                                                
Email: samikg4@gmail.com.
Mobile No. –09674529188

	OBJECTIVE


Seeking career promising job where my skills, qualification and of course hard work would come out under experienced and kind control. A place where work culture is challenging and environment is competitive that makes an optimum utilization of my potential and gives me the opportunity to improve my all talents.
	EDUCATION / ACADEMICS


	Educational Qualification
	University/College/School
	Year
	DIVISION

	MBA{HR}

	Gauhati University
	2011
	1st Division


	BBA
	W.B.University of tech.

	2009
	1st  Class

	12th
	CBSE, BNV(West Bengal)

	2006
	2nd  Division

	10th 
	CBSE, BNV(West Bengal)

	2004
	2nd  Division


	AREA OF SPECIALIZATION


Human Resource Management (HRM)

	SUMMER INTERNSHIP PROJECT 


​​​​​​​​​

· Name of the Company: HDFC Life
· Project Title: Recruitment of financial Advisor
· Internship Duration: 3 month
Project Synopsis:
· To know about various Process used for recruitment of financial advisor for Banking Sector.
	 LIVE PROJECT 


· Name of the company: Way2Carrer
· Designation & Profile in brief:  Recruitment For BPO  and IT  Process
· Duration: 3 month

	Live Project (February to July 2011)


· Name of the company: Beacon Resource Solution(Delhi)
· Designation & Profile in brief:  HR Recruiter for an IT  Industry
· Duration: From February 2011 to July 2011
	Professional Summary


Exceptional Operations Team Leader understands how to motivate plan track and monitor achievement of operational goals. Possesses seasoned abilities with identification of operational issues and the methods to address them. Brings a Master degree in Human Resource Management along with 6 years of experience in operation team.
	Job Experience (December 2017 to Still  Dated)


Name of the company: Orion Corporate Alliance
· Designation & Profile in brief:  Team Leader Operation (South)
· Duration:   December  2017  to Still Dated
· Roles and Responsibility=
:  Induction of New Joiness.

  :  Issuing offer letter.

:  Handling Associate Grievances.

:  Help Associate in compliances matter (ESIC and PF).
:  Preparing Monthly Joining report.
: Maintain Associate Data Base.

: Help Candidate in getting insurance benefits

: Help  Candidate in Exist Policy.

                : Provide accurate information to senior manager on key issue

  :  Implementing New Initiatives and making sure all members understand them.

:  Making sure all tasks given to team member are done on time and to the required standard.

: Ensuring a clean safe and friendly working environment for all team members   .

: Establishing Team and Staff target as a reflection of the company objective

: Provide accurate information to senior manager on key issue.

	Job Experience (October 2013 to November 2017)


           Name of the company: Team Lease Services Limited
· Designation & Profile in brief:  Process Lead (East Region)
· Duration:   October 2013 to November 2017
· Roles and Responsibility=
:  Allocating Job among team member as per requirement.
: On boarding of the new joinees.

: Maintaining New Joinees Data Base 

: Prepare Monthly report of employees 

: Working on HRIS system .

: Handling Employee Data Base

: Help in Exit Policy

  :  Implementing New Initiatives and making sure all members understand them.

:  Making sure all tasks given to team member are done on time and to the required standard.

: Ensuring a clean safe and friendly working environment for all team members   .
: Establishing Team and Staff target as a reflection of the company objective

: Provide accurate information to senior manager on key issue.

	Job Experience (April 2013 to September 2013)


           Name of the company: I CORE GROUP OF COMPANIES
· Designation & Profile in brief:  Executive -Hr Admin
· Duration: April 2013 to October 2013
· Roles and Responsibility =      
: Handling all Administrative issue.
         :  Issuing offer letter to Employee

          : Taking Care of New Joining Procedure.

          : Handling PF and ESI Formalities of Employee

          : Handling Employee’s Grievances.

          : Organising Exit Interview of Employee

          :  Handling PF withdraw Procedure
          :  Monitoring Associate Attendance
	Job Experience (September 2012 to  February 2013)


Name of the company: M.P.S Greenery Developers
· Designation & Profile in brief:  Officer HR Admin & IR
· Duration: September 2012 to February 2013
· Roles and Responsibility:      
: Handling all Administrative issue.
         : Taking Care of New Joining Procedure.

         :  Handling PF and ESI Formalities of Employee

        :   Handling all HR Compliance issue                                                                                                                                                                          
	Job Experience (August 2011 to  August 2012 )


      Name of the company: R.D Motors Pvt Ltd(Dealership of Tata Motors)
· Designation & Profile in brief:  Asst.Hr Executive and Admin
· Duration: August 2011 to August 2012
·  Roles and Responsibility =      
: Handling all Administrative issue.
         : Handling Recruitment Process.
         : Taking Care of New Joining Procedure.

         : Handling PF and ESI Formalities of Employee

         :  Preparing of Monthly Attendance.

        :  Maintaining of Leave Policy.

        :  Handling Employee’s Grievances.

        :  Organising Exit Interview of Employee.
        :   Handling statutory documents.

         : Handling labour related problem.

         :  Handling Purchase dep’t material flow system.
	Key Skill and  Competencies


( Prioritising important tasks and ensuring they get done first and get done properly.

 ( Proficient with MS Office and various other forms of work related technology.

 ( Improving product quality, customer communications and staff cooperation.

 ( Able to work in a busy, fast moving and target driven production environment.

 ( Committed to promoting fair equal opportunities in the workplace at all levels. 

( Always willing to step in and help out work colleagues who are struggling.

 ( Willing to challenge current methods of work and to then identify, recommend and       implement practical improvements
	CO-CURRICULAR /EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES / ACHIEVEMENTS


· Represented school in inter school debate competition.
· Active participation in cultural activities and sports in school and college.
· Achieved Top Performer Monthly Award 
· Achieved Quarterly Best Performer Award 
	INTERESTS / HOBBIES 


 Playing (cricket) and Social Work.

	REFERENCE


Name =MR Raghavendra .S
Designation = Manager (Team Lease Services)
Contact Number= 09036091352
	PERSONAL INFORMATION


	 Date of      Birth
	        Home Town
(Permanent Address)
	Nationality
	Father’s Name
	    Father’s                 Occupation

	29thJan 1988
	Sodepur(Dakhinayn)

Kolkata-700114(WB)
	Indian
	Sudeb Ghosal
	Retired

Government        Officer


                                                                                                                                                         (SAMIK GHOSAL)
