









































	VINOTH KANNA.G
# 80 Market Lane,
Alandur, Chennai – 16.
E-mail: vinothkannacseg@gmail.com
Mobile no : +91-8681871142
	                                                              


OBJECTIVE
	To work in an energetic environment that would provide global exposure and opportunity to learn continuously there by leading a full fledged career for the sustained growth of organization, society and myself.
PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION
	Degree
	Specialization
	Institution/University
	Class / CGPA
	Year of Passing

	
M.E
	Computer Science and Engineering
	Dhaanish Ahmed College of Engineering / Anna University
	First Class
7.4 CGPA
	
2014

	B.E
	Computer Science and Engineering
	Ranipettai Engineering College / Anna University
	First Class
68%
	2011


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
· 1.10 Year’s Experience in (Telematics CRM Application) – 1.2 Year’s Experience in Autosense Pvt Ltd as System Analyst from Aug 16 to Present. 8 Month Experience in TVS automobile Solutions Pvt Ltd (Aparajitha Dynamic Synergies P Ltd ) as a Software Developer from Dec 15 to Aug 16.
· 1.6 Year’s Experience in Microshare Software Solutions Pvt Ltd  as a Software Developer form Jun 14 to Dec 15.
· 1.2 Year’s Experience in InetZ Techno solutions Pvt Ltd as a Java Trainer & Java Developer in Student level IEEE Based projects from Jun11 to Aug 12.
TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE
· Experience in ERP Application and Product Based Application.
· Experience implementing in Spring and Hibernate Framework.
· Experience implementing in JavaFX Embedded Application.
· Experience implementing in Swing and Frame Concept Based on Windows Application Program.
· Experience in Web Application Program to using the JSP, Java Script, Dhtml, CSS, Jquery.
· Experience Back End in Oracle, MsSql to the DataBase Sql Query.
· To solve the Debug in Windows or Web Application.
· Experience in .Net Web Application to convert Java Web Application.
· Basic Knowledge for Framework, Struts.
· Experience in core java Based on Project.
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY
· Programming Languages:   JAVA.
· Data Base: Oracle, SQL SERVER, PLsql.
· Framework: Spring, Hibernate.
· Operating Systems: Windows, Linux.
· Web Design: HTML, XML,XHTML, JSP, DHTML,J2EE.
· Animation: Photoshop CS.
PROJECT DETAILS
	Current Project :
	


	Project 	:  	Road Side Assistance Customer Relationship Management
				(RSACRM-V2).
	Duration	:  	1.6 Year’s(ongoing Process).
	Description 	:

	This application an integrated to Telematics business process, This application centralized and  maintaining the customer data’s and road side assistance data’s in single application. To manage customer relationship management.
	Role		:	Programming Analyst.
Team Size	:	Four Members
	Environment	:	Spring, Hibernate.
	Tools		:	Eclipse.
	Responsibilities:	Developing the Application as per the requirements, Supporting and 			Maintaining the application and Integrated web services .
	Project 1:
	


	Project		:	Road Side Assistance Customer Relationship Management 
	Duration	:	6 Month’s.
	Description	:	

This is the application for using customer to tracking the Road Side Assistance and when the customer having in road side problem this is the application to use GPS tracking the Assistant and Assistance to track and help to customer for help desk in both customer and Assistance.
 Role		:	Developer
Team Size	:	Five Members
	Environment	:	JSP,Json, Spring, Hibernate.
	Tools		:	Eclipse Luna.
	Responsibilities:	Maintance and Support the Application as per the requirements.
	Project 2:
	


	Project		:	ERP Application.
	Duration	:	14 Month’s.
	Description	:	

	This application an integrated view of core business process, The application that make up the system share data across the various department that provide the data, This application centralized it’s maintaining the hole organization in a single application.
To manage back-office activities distribution process management, supply chain management, services knowledge base, configure, prices, improve accuracy of financial data, facilitate better project planning, automate employee life-cycle, standardize critical business procedures, assess business needs, accounting and financial applications, lower purchasing costs, manage human resources and payroll. The most common ERP modules include those for product planning, material purchasing, inventory control, distribution, accounting, marketing, finance and HR.
	Role		:	Developer 
Team Size	:	Five Members
	Environment	:	Spring, Hibernate.
	Tools		:	Net bean 8.0.2.
	Responsibilities:	Developing the Application as per the requirements,
Module’s Lead & Design Responsibility.    	
	Project 3:
	


	Project		:	Embedded Application & Web Application
	Duration	:	4 Month’s.
	Description	:	

This application using for customer to travel where in India to book a single application, Is help for customer traveling at the same time booking all of things in a single device,For Example (Mobile recharge, Ticket booking(Bus,Train,Flight,Movie),Cab Booking, Complaint).

 And also same benefits in web application at the same time travel Agencies also benefit in this application. In this single device to connecting GPS based to access the device.

	Role		:	Developer
Team Size	:	Five Members
	Environment	:	Java FX, Spring, Hibernate.
	Tools		:	Net bean 8.0.2.
	Responsibilities:	Developing the Application as per the requirements,
Module’s Lead & Design Responsibility

PERSONAL DETAILS
· Father’s name 		: 	V. Ganesan
· Mother’s name 		: 	G. Selvi
· Date of birth 		: 	27th June 1988
· Gender 			: 	Male
· Nationality 		: 	Indian
· Religion 		:	Hindu
· Present address		: 	#80 Market Lane, 
Alandur,
Chennai-16.
· Contact address		:	#50 Mettupalyam New Colony, 
Thiruvalam-post,
Katpadi-Tk, 
Vellore-DT , Pin-632515.
· Languages known 	:	Tamil, English, Telugu(Speak)
· Mobile number 		: 	+91-8681871142

DECLARATION
I hereby solemnly declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place:  
Date :                                                                                                         (VINOTH KANNA.G)
