












































CURRICULUM VITAE


CURRICULUM VITAE

SUBRAMANYA.M                                                          E-Mail: subramanya.muniraj@gmail.com
                                                                                            Phone: +91-9738542123




Carrier objective 

Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the technical field that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible which will add a new value to your organization.
Experience 
· 2.6 Years of Experience in Mainframe technology Using COBOL, CICS, JCL, VSAM and DB2. 
Employment Summary 

Working as a Software engineer for IBM Global Services., Bangalore from Auge’11 to till date.
 Academic profile 

· Master of Computer Application from Sri Jayachamarajendra College Of Engineering 2009 Mysore, Karnataka.

· Bachelor of Science from Sahyadri Science College 2005 Kuvempu University, Shimoga, Karnataka.
Technical Skills

	Languages
	COBOL , JCL, SQL

	Database
	DB2

	Operating Systems
	ZOS/390 

	Tools
	Endeavor, File-aid, Expediter, SPUFI, IDCAMS.,SCAM, FROG, PDM

	File Management
	VSAM.

	Environment
	ISPF, TSO

	OLTP
	CICS



	I have undergone training on CA-7, Mainframe Testing Concepts. 


· Involved in coding and testing.

· Involved in developing test cases.

· Maintaining good rapport with all the team members.

· Shared technical/business knowledge with other team members.

· Good Knowledge in SQL

Project Details
	Project 1
	MLCS (Mortgage Loan Control Systems)

	Client
	SunTrust Bank, USA

	Role(s)
	Systems Engineer

	Organization
	Infosys Technologies Ltd.

	Duration
	June 2009 to Oct 2010

	Team Size
	12

	Environment


	MVS OS/390, Cobol, CICS, DB2, JCL, CA-7, REXX, SAS
Endevor, File-Aid, Expeditor


Project Description
SunTrust Banks, Inc. is an American bank holding company. The largest subsidiary is SunTrust Bank. SunTrust Bank's most direct corporate parent was established in 1891 in Atlanta, where its headquarters remain. The bank's offerings include retail and commercial banking, as well as trust services, mortgage banking, credit cards, mutual funds, insurance, equipment leasing, asset management, and securities underwriting and dealing.

Project deals with processing of Mortgage Loans where in data come from an external Web Based interface. After processing of the data in a nightly batch cycle, it will be sent to Mortgage Data base. The data what we have sent to data base will be further used by downstream application by querying it. This project deals with the Minor/Major enhancements to the MLCS application. This project also deals with development in other lines of business also.

Responsibilities          
· Preparing Quality Document.
· Impact Analysis.

· Coding and Testing.

	Project 2
	Aetna 

	Client
	Aetna, Inc.

	Role(s)
	Systems Engineer

	Organization
	Infosys Technologies Ltd.

	Duration
	Oct 2010 to Aug 2011.

	Team Size
	08

	Environment


	MVS OS/390, Cobol ,JCL, DB2,

Endevor, File-Aid, Expeditor


Project Description

Aetna, Inc. It is an American health insurance company, providing a range of traditional and consumer directed health care insurance products and related services, including medical, pharmaceutical, dental, behavioral health, group life, long-term care, and disability plans, and medical management capabilities. Aetna is a member of the Fortune 100.Aetna provides health care, dental, pharmacy, group life, disability, and long-term care insurance and employee benefits, primarily through employer-paid (fully or partly) insurance and benefit programs, and through Medicare.
Project includes premium accounting module for life insurance, which takes care of premium notice generation, premium settlement etc., our task involves major changes and addition of new features to the existing plans. I am Involved in analyzing and understanding the change request and effectively implementing the same

	Project 3
	NASCO (National Account Service Company)

	Client
	Nasco,Atlanta,GA30328

	Role(s)
	Software Engineer

	Organization
	IBM Global Services.

	Duration
	Aug 2011 to Till Date

	Team Size
	18

	Environment


	MVS OS/390, Cobol, CICS, DB2, JCL, CA-7, REXX, SAS

Endevor, File-Aid, Expeditor, SCAM, FROG, PDM.


Project Description
NASCO was formed through a partnership among major BlueCross and BlueShield Plans. It was then that NASCO introduced integrated claims processing system of the Plans’ national accounts, which quickly earned the reputation for bridging the Payer gap with quality support and personal service.

Claims are loaded to the Back End Subsystem after Front End Processing the Back End Subsystem performs Payment Resolution processing, Financial processing and Cash processing.

Responsibilities         
· Preparing Quality Documents.
· Impact Analysis.

· Coding and Testing.

PERSONAL PROFILE

INTER PERSONAL SKILLS

· A well organized person with positive attitude.

· Ability to deal with people diplomatically, willingness to learn and a Team facilitator.

· Ability to focus on customer’s needs and deliver them consistently.

· Highly adaptive and co-operative person to work with. 

Personal Circumstance:

             Gender:



                     Male

          Marital Status:

                                Single

          Nationality:


                     Indian

          Language Proficiency 
                                English, Kannada, Telugu, Tamil and Hindi.

References

Available per Request                                                                                               (M Subramanya)

1

