













































PRADEEP DEVADOSS

PRADEEP DEVADOSS

No. 23, Lilly Apartments,

Kilpauk,

Chennai - 600 010
Mobile Number: 94442 68391

                            044 43235903 

Email: pradeep_psw@rediffmail.com
           Pradeep.jas55@gmail.com
OBJECTIVES

To understand the Mission and Vision of the organization, translate them into action, thereby exceeding the expectation of its customers and attaining self growth.
EDUCATION

M.S.W

(Human Rights) From Loyola college Nugambakam, Chennai-34.

With an aggregate of 57%.

B.A

(Sociology) From Loyola college Nugambakam Chennai-34

With an aggregate of 54%.

P.G.D.H.R.M

(Post Graduate Diploma in

Human Resource Management) From Pondicherry University.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Computers

Internet Technologies: Java (applets and application HTML) in NIIT

Operating Systems: Windows 95/98/NT/2000/XP/Vista/Windows 7.

Office Tools: MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint in LIBA.

A.D.H.N

(Advance Diploma in Computer

Hardware & Networking): Basic and Digital Electronic, Card level Servicing

And Peripherals, Software Installation, System

Assembling, Introduction to Netware and

WORK EXPERIENCE

Vestas Technology R&D PVT LTD (1 June 2010 – May 31 2011)
. Screening and validating resumes

. Short-listing potential candidates on the basis of experience, skill sets combination

. Involving in conducting direct, telephonic interviews

. Scheduling and coordinating interviews with the clients

. Proofreading the requirements, Updating on E-rec

. Administration of Psychometric Assessments

. Networking with Jonindex.dk, monsters.dk, Job finder

. Trained on SAP HR

. Short-listing potential candidates on the basis of experience, skill sets combination

. Booking Telephonic interviews on Outlook 

. Scheduling and coordinating interviews with the Hiring Manager and candidates 

. Maintaining and updating database of profiles

HCL BPO Technologies PVT LTD (29 Jan. 2008 -Jan 10 2010)

Worked as a technical support officer (ISP)

Providing assistance to US based client

. Trouble shooting via voice support for Mail, Browser and Connectivity issues

. Trouble shooting router and modem configuration

. Handing issue in Win Xp, Vista, 7

. Trouble shooting LAN issues

AMTEX ENTERPRICES PVT LTD (1 + years)(6 Feb 2006-May-2007)
Worked as a Technical Recruiter
. Processing the requirements, planning and strategic sourcing

. Identifying sources for Head Hunting

. Usage of networking and job portals to maximize the output

. Screening and validating resumes

. Short-listing potential candidates on the basis of experience, skill sets combination

. Involving in conducting direct, telephonic interviews

. Scheduling and coordinating interviews with the clients

. Maintaining and updating database of profiles

SUTHERLAND GLOBAL SERVICES 6 Months (Aug2005--12Jan2006)
Worked as Human Resource Associate 
· Sourcing candidates in different job portals

· Conducting initial screening and putting qualified can dates in Technical and non    technical panel

· Maintained files on COL (centre of learning)

· Participated effectively on outstation recruitment to various states

CULTURAL EVENTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS

. Participated in various cultural events and won prizes in school levels.

. Represented college in Cricket tournaments and won prizes.

. Out standing performance in student union and awarded Star of Loyola

. Participated and Awarded in Enviro Club of Loyola

. National Service Scheme in Loyola College

PERSONAL DETAILS

Sex Male

Date of Birth 30th May 1981

Marital Status Single

Languages Known English, Tamil, and German (basic)
I hereby declare that the above-furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge. `

Pradeep Devadoss

