








































 

 

 

 

Yogesh Chandra Maurya                  
SAP Basis HANA Consultant 

+91 -7829329285 yogi123maurya@gmail.com 
 

 

 

 

 

P R O F I L E 

 
 
SAP Basis Consultant working in Cognizant Technologies Solution (Past: Wipro 
Technologies) and having 5 years 2 months of experience. Experienced SAP 
Basis Consultant familiar with SAP products and utilizing them to help 
companies manage and improve their business. Fluent in English and good hold 
on analysis and delivery of software solutions 

 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 

E D U C A T I O N 
 
 

Passed B. Tech with74.50 % marks (aggregate) from UPTU 2012 
 
Passed Intermediate with 82.00% marks from C.B.S.E Board 2006 
 
Passed High School with 80.50% marks from C.B.S.E Board 2004 

 
 
 
 
 

 



         E X P E R I E N C E 
 
 

Wipro technologies (Sep 2012 – Oct 2015) 
Cognizant technologies Solution (Nov 2015- Present) 

 

SAP EXPERTISE: 
 

 Good knowledge about SAP Architecture 
 Have been in the support role and have supported SAP R/3 4.6, ECC6, CRM, PI, BW, and Solution Manager 

7.0 and Solution Manager 7.1 Systems. 

 Experience in analysis, monitoring and day-to-day support. 
 Have been in the support role and have supported over 20 servers. 
 Have good understanding of business processes. 
 Good team player, Strong team orientation & leadership qualities, hardworking and enthusiastic. 
 Excellent communication and presentation skills and Customer Oriented attitude. 

System Monitoring & Health Checks 

 Sap system refresh 
 Transport Management. 
 Parameter tuning 
 User administration 
 Background job administration and monitoring 
 Client administration activity. 
 BW source system configuration 
 STMS  configuration 
 System measurement 
 Having good knowledge of Unix and SQL for SAP 
 Applying SAP Support Packages (ABAP Engine) , Installing and upgrading Add-ons through SAINT 
 Kernel Up gradation. 
 Monitoring Database table space growth and adding Data files to table spaces using BRTOOLS 
 Restore and recovery. 
 Inbound/Outbound Email configuration SCOT 
 System installation , good understanding of Installation and upgrade  tools SPAM/SAINT/SWPM/SUM 
 ADS configuration 
 Have worked on the latest SL Toolset SWPM and SUM. 
 Sap System Installation 
 OS/DB migration using System copy through SWPM tools. 
 Dual stack split of sap system. 
 System rename of sap systems. 
 EHP upgrade, net weaver   upgrade activities. 
 HANA Installation and Upgrade. 
 HANA backup recovery and alert monitoring, performance tunning and troubleshooting 
 HANA administration using Hana studio and Hana DBA cockpit 
 Migration of sap system to HANA database using SUM DMO tool. 
 Combined Upgrade Migration of Solution Manager 7.1 to Solution manager 7.2 on HANA database using 

DMO and System copy method. 

 Oracle, MaxDB installation and upgrade. 

 

 

 

 



 

       KEY PROJECT: 
Nokia Siemens Networks SAP Basis Support  

    

Employer Wipro Technologies 

Position Basis Consultant 

Project Maintenance and 24/7 support of the entire SAP system 

Team Size 15 members 

OS/DB  Windows, Linux/Oracle   

Roles & 
Contrib
ution 

 Have been in the support role and have supported SAP R/3 4.6, ECC6,PI, 
HR, and Solution Manager 7.0, 7.1 Systems. 

 Provide day-to-day operation support on systems problem and end users 
problem. 

 Work involves resolving the problems as faced by the customers, which may 
relate with overall system performance/unavailability, printers, transports etc. 

 We are responsible for checking the bottlenecks in the system and 
recommending / implementing fix in the system to resolve the problem. 

 We maintain high levels of SLA and work to provide faster resolution time, 
with timely updates to customer. 

 

Northern Gas Networks SAP Basis Support  

 
 

 

 

 

Employer Wipro Technologies 

Position Basis Consultant 

Project GDNS_SUPPORT 

Team Size 4 members 

OS/DB Sun Solaris , windows/Oracle 

Roles & 
Contrib
ution 

 Have been in the support role and have supported SAP ECC6.0, BI, PI, 
Solution manager 7.1 Systems. 

 Upgrade and installation 
 Ticket handling 
 System refresh 
 SAP system installation 
 EHP upgrade. 
 SPs upgrade both ABAP and JAVA using SUM tool 
 Oracle upgrade 
 HANA Administration, installation, upgrade. 
 System copy 



SAPLABS  
 

Employer Cognizant technology solutions. 

Position Basis Consultant 

Team Size 15 members 

OS/DB Windows, Linux ,Max DB, Oracle ,ASE 

Roles & 
Contrib
ution 

 Sap System Installation 
 OS/DB migration 
 System copy both homogeneous and heterogeneous. 
 Dual stack split of sap system. 
 System rename of sap systems. 
 EHP upgrade, net weaver   upgrade activities using SUM. 
 Sap HANA Installation and Upgrade. 
 HANA administration 
 Migration of sap system to HANA database using SUM DMO tool. 
 Oracle,MaxDB installation and upgrade.  
 S4 Hana Conversion from ERP system. 
 

 
 

 

     STRENGTHS: 

 
 Flexible towards changing working environment. 
 Good understanding in any team work activities. 
 Quickly learn from earlier mistakes. 
 Like to welcome criticism so as to improve my current standard. 

 

        DECLARATION: 
 
I declare that the information and facts stated herein are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 

Place: Bangalore 

Date: 4
th
November,2017                                  (Yogesh C Maurya) 


	P R O F I L E
	SAP Basis Consultant working in Cognizant Technologies Solution (Past: Wipro Technologies) and having 5 years 2 months of experience. Experienced SAP Basis Consultant familiar with SAP products and utilizing them to help companies manage and improve t...

	E D U C A T I O N
	Passed B. Tech with74.50 % marks (aggregate) from UPTU 2012
	Passed Intermediate with 82.00% marks from C.B.S.E Board 2006
	Passed High School with 80.50% marks from C.B.S.E Board 2004

	E X P E R I E N C E
	Wipro technologies (Sep 2012 – Oct 2015)
	Cognizant technologies Solution (Nov 2015- Present)

	KEY PROJECT:
	STRENGTHS:
	DECLARATION:

