










































Human Resources Generalist  
Nezy Nelson 
Beerankutty Road, Edappally,Ernakulam 
91 9744804441, nezysarath@gmail.com 

 
C A R E E R  O B J E C T I V E  

Human Resources Generalist with 4 years 10 months of experience assisting with and fulfilling 
organization staffing needs and requirements along with the experience in the field of 
immigration . Aiming to use my dynamic communication and organization skills to achieve your 
HR initiatives. Possess  MBA in Human Resources Management. 
 

P R O F E S S I O N A L  E X P E R I E N C E  

Santa Monica Study Abroad Private Limited, Cochin 
Visa Advisor, March 2017 – present 
      Oversee all aspects of the Visa and Immigration Service, ensuring that the process runs 

smoothly. Interview training for all clients and deal with all applications face to face and by 
post to ensure that the client is suitable. The completion of all relevant visa and immigration 
documents and ensure that they are received within the time limit set by the Embassy. 
Ensure that all of the information provided by the client is accurate and correct, preparing 
and checking all legal documents. Fee quotes and any information required by clients, 
colleagues or authorities. Guide the client to obtain Visas, Green cards and other 
documentation required. Responsibility of all Immigration issues and operations, remaining 
up to date with any changes to legislation. Train the new visa advisors. 

 
Future 6 Consultancy, Ernakulam 
Assistant Manager Domestic Operations, March 2016– November 2016 

 Roles & Responsibilities: • Oversee all administrative tasks in the Office. • Payroll 
Management • Partner with customers to get a clear view on their strategic and financial 
objectives and hiring needs. • Handle recruitment process such as posting advertisement, 
phone screening for shortlisting, arranging interviews. • Research into clients company, 
competitiors and market place. • Track and identify prospective candidates using a variety 
of channels. • Assess candidates to ensure eligibility criteria. • Regular interaction with 
clients to understand the business issues. • Follow up with the clients and assist with the 
candidates transition and on boarding process. • Understanding the business complexities 
of the application and proactively coming up with the relevant solution. • Providing 
knowledge transfer to the new members of the team. 

 
 
 
 
 



BSS NDT, Angamaly 
HR & Administration Executive, Jan. 2014-March 2016 

        Roles & Responsibilities: • Preparing & submitting all relevant HR 
letters/documents/certificates as per the requirement of employees in consultation with 
the management. • Managing the Office in the absence of the concerned person. • 
Understanding manpower requisition from the concerned department and preparing Job 
Description according to the requirement. • Sourcing the candidates and screening by 
conducting telephonic or personal interview. • Arranging and coordinating the technical 
interview. • Maintaining and updating the database of the candidates 

 

 

E D U C A T I O N  

Mahathma Gandhi University, Kottayam 
MBA (Human Resources Management)- 2012 
 
Mahathma Gandhi University, Kottayam 
BA English Language& Literature-2010 
 

 
COMPUTER SKILLS 
Ms.Office 

 


