















































Razia Usman
Page 3



Razia P C Usman

Main Pump House, 

Aarey Milk Colony,

Goregaon (East).

Mumbai 400065.

Contact: 9320501510.

Email:: razia.usmanshk@yahoo.com 
 razia.usman@yahoo.co.in


razia_dbest@yahoo.co.in

CAREER OBJECTIVE

To indulge in an intellectually stimulating job in the industry and to excel in every responsibility taken.

ACCEPTABLE AMBITION

Born by a burning desire to excel and rise above the ordinary.
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

	YEAR
	INSTITUTE
	Score

	March 2004
	Kalina University of Distance Education Mumbai.
	Scored 51 percent in Bachelor of Commerce (IP & Tax)

	February 2001


	Shri Chinai College of Commerce & Economics
	Scored 63.17 percent in Higher Secondary School Certificate

	March 1999
	St.Xavier’s High School
	Scored 70.40 percent in Secondary School Certificate


PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

· Diploma in Office Automation & Quality Management Course from Sri Satya Sai Institute of Computer Educations.

· Dimploma in Software programming from Boston Computer Instititute.

WORK EXPERIENCE

1 : June 2007 to date:(CAPITA INDIA



            Designation: Senior Insurance Executive


Work Profile( 
· Joined as Insurance Associate in June 2007, got trained in Personal Pension Servicing than was moved in Retirement Pension. I am dealing with premium paid letters and accounts related to premium, checking the Letter of Authority that we receive from Policy holder & FA, deferring the policy. I have taken an initiative to make the process simple and understandable to the new entrants by making update sheets, exceptional cases lists, update book bank in excel, word, had made checking list for the new entrants in same work types for them to make the processing of cases easier and avoid errors.
· I maintain consistency in quality, productivity, accuracy in my work.
· I conduct quality audits of cases processed by team Members and I give feedback so that they are aware of the errors and we save next upcoming errors. 
· I am an authorized checker of cases for the purpose of certification in the required process.

· Have identified many internal breach have sorted it out so that we can save other breaches, have also taken training for new entrants for breaches and complaints. 

· I have referred many cases for process to the technical advisor in UK which have been approved, hence improvised the process. 

· I have provided expert service and scheme knowledge to key contacts in high value cases by not letting cases burst and by doing over time when required.

· I have conducted Product Knowledge Test, taken many refreshers which would help my colleagues.

· I do floor walking, handle query session, mentoring and I conduct process related meetings.
· Have taken training for outbound calls to policy holders/financial advisers/third party. 
· I have explained new entrants about how to maintain productivity along with quality and accuracy, maintain their scores, so that overall team target is achieved. 

· I believe in working as a team and making people around me grow by solving queries, floor walking and meeting both targets and productivity. Have not only increased my productivity have inspired others to increase their productivity by making excel sheet which calculates productivity and time taken for each cases -many of my team mates follow it and have resulted in improvement of productivity , along with productivity I was chosen leader of sparks of gals which is daily routine check for maintaining quality and scores-have taken the initiative to lower the complains and increase the KPI’s.
· Handled urgent requirements of the customers always on time. 

· Currently working as Senior Insurance Executive. This summarizes my work profile in past 4 years from an effective to highly effective and with the growth graph in the progress to learn and grow and excel above all.

2 : May 2006 –May 2007:( Intellectual Capital HR Consultancy




        Designation: Recruitment Consultant

 Work Profile( 
· Recruiting for stock broking industry for all levels of positions across India. 

· In depth study of various products and services in stock broking industry. 

· Sourcing CVs from various Job portal, Head Hunt & references. 

· Lining up of candidates for Interview. Additionally recruited for 3 months for an IT client too.
3 :November 2005 to April 2006:( DHL  Logistics India Pvt Ltd.




       Designation:Cutomer Representative


Work Profile(
· Handling inbound calls for customer’s logistics and delivery of national/international 

documents and parcels worldwide.

4 :September 2004 to October 2005:( Dun and Bradstreet Information Services (India) Pvt. Ltd.





            Designation: Tele Researcher

Work Profile( 
· Telecalling for Research and survey of various Companies across India, Credit rating survey,                event management, sales call. 

· Looking at my performance I was put into making calls for Financial Education Services.Quality checking of the Research Data.

5: June 2003 to November 2003:( Global e-Services (India) Pvt. Ltd

      Designation: Customer Care Executive for Mortgage sales process.

Work Profile (
Making outbound sales call to US Customers (B to C mortgage loan process)

PERSONAL DETAILS

	Date of Birth
	25th October 1982

	Nationality
	Indian.

	Place
	Mumbai.

	Languages Known
	Hindi, Malayalam, English, Marathi.

	Hobbies
	Interacting with people, Reading(fiction , non-fiction),Listening to Music.


Confidential

