


















































                                 BHANDHAVYA CHOLLETI
                                        
                                 
  
Ph: +91 9676744798				                                                                                                                           Email:bhandhavya99@gmail.com

 (
CAREER OBJECTIVE
)


To acquire a challenging position as a professional where I can show and develop my skills and pursue a career in an esteemed organization. I aspire to be successful and serve the industry to the best of my ability.


 (
CAREER PROFILE
)

· Working in XXXX India Pvt. Ltd. from Dec 20XX to till Date and current designation “Software Engineer Trainee”.
 (
ACADEMICS
)


	Course Of Study
	Institution
	Year Of Study
	Board/University
	Percentage

	B.Tech (CSE)
	CVR COE.
	2016
	JNTU, Hyderabad
	59.4

	Intermediate(MPC)
	Srichaitanya college
	2012
	BIE,Andrapradesh
	85.3

	SSC
	bhasyam
	2010
	BSE,Andrapradesh
	94


 (
TECHNICAL EXPOSURE
)


	       Software Proficiency
	Experience in java, ASP.NET,HTML,CSS,
JavaScript, Jquery, SQL Server, Stored Procedures
Cursors,Triggers,

	      Operating Systems
	 Windows,Linux

	      Web/Internet Technologies 
	 HTML, JavaScript, XML, CSS

	       Tools
	Dev C++,Eclipse,Rational Rose


 (
PROFFESSIONAL SUMMARY
)



· Overall 1.4 years of experience in development of Web & Enterprise applications and possesses 6 months  of project experience.
· Working with the project Electronic Medical Office from December 2016 to till date.Hands on   Experience in Core Java, Servlets, JSP, JDBC
· Knowledge of Eclipse tool for the development of Java projects.
· Cohesive team worker, having strong analytical, problem solving and interpersonal skills


 (
PROJECT DETAILS
)


Project Name: Electronic Medical Office
Period: Dec 2016  to April 2018
Role: Team Member (Developer)

Description:
The web application is used in various organisations of health care industry .It has mainly 5 modules like Outpatient, Inpatient, Investigations, Pharmacy, Announcements 
The Appointment booking module helps the providers and patients get connected by easily by booking appointments online
The Investigations module helps to book lab orders online,Sharing the test reports with the patient, Sending alerts to the patients when results are ready and also billing and online payments can be done through this module
The Pharmacy module helps the pharmacists to easily manage their stock and inventory and getting online orders
.
Responsibilities:
· Developing the Code as per the requirements.
· Writing UI / Business validations for the owned use cases.
· Unit testing and integration testing of owning use cases.
· Giving  Application Support and Maintainance, indicent management
· Assisting tests and debugging programs


