














































TARUN KUMAR CHHIPA 
Chhipa.tarun@gmail.com 

+91 7798045780 

CAREER OBJECTIVE: 

To grow into a highly skilled, trained network engineer by working and 
solving issues of complex network environment and acquiring intense 
knowledge in the subjects involved for development of oneself and to help 
the organization to achieve its goals. 

WORK EXPERIENCE: 3.3 Years 

Sr. Systems Engineer July 2014-Present  
 
Infosys Ltd. 

Client: Adidas 
Duration: February 2017 – Present 
Role: Network operations Team Member. 
Responsibilities 

 To provide technical support for LAN and WLAN of entire infrastructure 
in a 24x7 availability environment.  

 To configure and troubleshoot network devices such as Routers, 
Switches, Access Points, Wireless Controllers as needed by Client.  

 To Prepare Network diagrams and monitoring of sites in a timely 
manner. 

 
Client: ConAgra Foods 
Duration: January 2016 -December 2016 
Role: Networks Team Member. 
Responsibilities 

 To provide technical support, dealing with the Configuration and 
management of Network devices, Creation of Firewall rules in a 24x7 
availability environment. 

 To troubleshoot and resolve network issues, critical site problems in 
timely manner and provide upgrades to the network and technical 
expertise as needed by Client. 

 Use   analytical   and   logical   approach   to troubleshoot 
incidents of different levels of severity by working with the customer 
and other teams. 

 
Client: ConAgra Foods 
Duration: February 2015 to December 2015 
Role: CPR Team Member. 
Responsibilities 

 To troubleshoot and resolve network issues, Email issues, Linux, 
Windows and database issues. 

 To provide User Administration, Distribution list administration, 
Shared and Room Mailbox Management, Outlook and OWA Related Issues, 
Managing mailbox size limitations.  

 Handles SWAT (gathering all the team members and do troubleshooting of 
high priority issue which affects production). 

  

Technical skills: 
 
 
Experienced in: 

 Networking: 
CISCO 

 Exchange server 

 ITIL Basics 

 Ticketing Tool: 
BMC Remedy, 
Service now 

 

 

Operating Systems: 
 IOS: CISCO 

 Windows 

 Linux 
 

  

 
Networking knowledge: 

 OSI  

 TCP/IP  

 Ethernet 

 FTP  

 HTTP 

 Telnet 

 SSH 
 DHCP  

 DNS  

 OSPF  

 ICMP  

 NAT  

 Routing (Static 
& Dynamic) 

 Switching  

 STP  

 Subnetting  



 

ACHIEVEMENTS/CERTIFICATIONS: 
 

 Received Certificate of Appreciation for outstanding performance and contribution. 
 Got Remarkable Customer Experience appreciation mails from various Customer’s across the 

globe related to providing best support and resolution to their technical issues. 
 Internal certification on CISCO Cert Network Associate (CCNA), ITIL 2011 Service Desk and 

Incident Management 
 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS: 
 

Degree School/University Grades Year 

B.Tech (Mechanical) Rajasthan Technical University 70 % 2014 

Senior Secondary Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya 76 % 2010 

Secondary Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya 86 % 2008 

 

PROFESSIONAL STRENGTHS: 
 

 Enthusiastic, goal oriented and ability to work under pressure while dealing with irate 
customers. 

 Possess good verbal and documentation skills and thereby being able to articulately present 
various solutions to the customers. 

 Team player and pro-actively discusses with team members to come up with solutions for the 
customers while dealing with complex networks designs and issues.  

 

CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES: 
 

 Volunteer in Infosys CSR activities. 

 Presented various Projects in Intercollegiate Competitions. 

 Organized various events in Intercollegiate Tech Fest.  
 

PERSONAL DETAILS: 
 

 Father’s name: Govind Narayan 

 Date of birth: 02.06.1993 

 Gender: Male 

 Marital status: Single 

 Language: English, Hindi 

 
DECLARATION: 
 
All the details furnished by me in this document are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 
PLACE: Pune 
DATE: 05th Nov 2017       TARUN KUMAR CHHIPA 


