
























































































SATHEESH KUMAR BHEEMARAPU

DARSHANA SHINDE
       Phone +91 9819981377, Tel: 022 26188509 / E-Mail: darsh.parle17@gmail.com
To obtain a position in a progressive organization that provides growth through challenging assignments using my skills.
PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS

· A result oriented professional with more than 7 years of Operational experience in Banking Industry consisting of Debit card Operations, ATM and POS settlements, Account reconciliation and Customer Service. 

· Well verse with Visa / MasterCard International Operating Regulations for handling settlements operations.
· An effective communicator with excellent relationship building & interpersonal skills; strong analytical, problem solving & organizational abilities; possess a flexible & detail oriented attitude.

QUALIFICATIONS
· Dip. FM (Finance) from Wellingkar Institute in 2001.
· B.COM from Mumbai University in 2000.
· Diploma in Computer Applications. 
· JAIIB Course in 2008.
ORGANISATIONAL SCAN 
Organization




Designation



Tenure
AXIS BANK Ltd.



            Senior Manager              


Aug’06 till date
ICICI BANK Ltd.               

                         Executive II
                                       Nov’04 – July’06
Organization



            Designation



Short Tenure
BENNETT, COLEMAN & CO. Ltd.            
            Executive



Oct’03 – Oct’04
INDIAN EXPRESS GROUP

                         Executive



May’03 – June’03
MUMBAI UNIVERSITY                           
            Jr. Accounts Clerk            

             Oct’02 – Mar’03
PHADKE & JOGLEKAR C.A. FIRM

            Jr. Assistant



April’ 02 – Sept‘02

SALES TAX FIRM 



            Jr. Assistant



Sept’ 01 – Feb‘02

Dr. MANDAR JOSHI



Computer Operator


June ’01 – Aug‘01

MUMBAI UNIVERSITY                           
             Jr. Accounts Clerk            
             
May’00 -  June’00

KEY DELIVERABLES 

· Operational Efficiency 
· Continuously review, recommend and implement improvements / enhancements to operational procedures, workflow and card related process.

· Review staff requirement / procedures in coordination with line Managers, Settlements & Chargebacks, to ensure that the Unit is always geared to deliver any significant impact on volumes.
· Maximise profitability by ensuring that the operations are carried out with the maximum efficiency, security and controls.

· Process improvements & cost savings
· Reduction of refund TAT: Earlier unclaimed transactions refund was happening on a monthly basis. To improve customer service the activity was cut down on daily basis. Thus also reduce the TAT for resolving the queries.

· Use of software: Started using CCRS (Customer Complaint Resolution System) for customer disputes.
· Customer Focus: Educated Sales Team on better dispute management through training sessions in Mumbai, Chennai & Delhi.
· Team Management 

· Directing, leading and motivating team; imparting continuous on job training for accomplishing greater operational effectiveness / efficiency. 

· Rendering guidance to the staff, resource division, appraising the member’s performance & providing feedback.

SYSTEMS

· Core Banking systems like Vision Plus, PRIME, SEIBEL 7.0, FCRM.
· Visa/MasterCard settlement systems.
· Finacle ( F 10 ), CCRS (Customer Complaint Resolution System )
· Well verse with Microsost Excel & Word.
· Tally 4.5
TRAININGS ATTENDED
· Leadership skills.
· Personal Effectiveness.
· Visa International Dispute handling workshop.
PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth
 : 
04th October, 1979
Address
 :
2/222, Samarth Nagar Sahaniwas, Sant Janabai road/ Hanuman Road, Vile-Parle (E), 

                                     
Mumbai–400 057
Languages
 : 
English, Marathi & Hindi
Marital Status
 :
Unmarried
JOB PROFILE

Company

: AXIS BANK Ltd


Role


: Senior Manager Retail Operations, Settlement and Reconciliation. 
Duration

: Since Aug’06 till date
Key Responsibilities    : 

Handling Reconciliation, Accounting, Dispute resolution for following Business :

1) Travel Card 

2) I-connect Aggregator Payment 

3) Interbank Mobile Payment Service
4) E-Wallet

5) India Travel Card
6) Credit Card
7) MIS presentation of the department performance to the Top Management of the bank
 In Detail:

1) Travel Card : - 

a) Monitoring File processing of Switch, GLs, Claim Files in 9 Visa currencies ( AUD, CAD, USD, EURO, GBP, SGD, SEK, CHF, JPY ) and 5 MasterCard currencies ( SAR, AED, EURO, GBP, USD ).

b) Monitoring Nostro Reconciliation for all currencies in coordination with Treasury Department.

c) Monitoring Accounting preparation and Profit and Loss booking with Treasury Department.

d) Ensuring customer dispute resolution through CCRS and by taking appropriate action on the cases – raising retrieval request, chargebacks, Pre-arbitration, Pre-compliance, Arbitration, Compliance, Good Faith and sending weekly MIS to Business Department.

e) Ensuring bank initiated disputes on the acquiring banks to reduce outstanding recoveries from customers and resulting write-offs.

f) Checking outstanding transactions status, ensuring lien marking to customers, subsequent lien reversals in case of recoveries done and sending weekly MIS to Business Department.

g) Ensuring Write off of entries outstanding more than three months in co-ordination with Business Department.

h) Testing and Implementation of automation in day to day activities of Accounting, settlement, dispute resolution & reconciliation for Travel Card new currencies and YCS project.

2) I-connect Aggregator Payment : -

a) Monitoring File processing of Switch, GLs and Claim reports for 8 Aggregators.

b) Monitoring Accounting and refund adjustments

c) Initiating NEFT and RTGS through pay thru system.

d) Ensuring closing balances are justified for all collection accounts on daily basis.

e) Testing and Implementation of automation in Accounting, settlement & reconciliation for the business.
3) Interbank Mobile Payment Service :-

a) Monitoring File processing of Switch, GLs, Claim reports for Payable and Receivable

b) Monitoring Accounting and refund adjustments

c) Ensuring closing balances are justified for Payable, Receivable and Settlement A/c’s on daily basis.

d) Ensuring customer dispute resolution through CCRS.

e) Testing & Implementation of automation in Accounting, settlement & reconciliation for the business.

4) E-Wallet Card : -

a) Ensuring reconciliation reports are received from Vendor.

b) Monitoring Pool and Payables balances are justified on daily basis.

c) Ensuring customer dispute resolution through CCRS.

d) Testing & Implementation for automation in Accounting, settlement & reconciliation for the business.

5) India Travel Card :-

a) Ensuring reconciliation reports are received from Vendor.

b) Monitoring Unsettlement and settlement A/c’s balances are justified on daily basis for all agencies.

c) Ensuring customer dispute resolution for through CCRS.

d) Testing, Implementation for automation in Accounting, settlement & reconciliation for the business.
      6)    Credit Card :- 
a)   Ensuring bank initiated disputes on the acquiring banks to reduce outstanding recoveries from customers 
      and resulting write-offs.

Company

: ICICI BANK Ltd


Role


: Executive II in credit card operations.
Duration

: Nov’04 – July’06
Key Responsibilities      : 

1) Ensuring customer dispute resolution by taking appropriate action on the cases – raising retrieval request, chargebacks, Pre-arbitration, Pre-compliance, Arbitration, Compliance, Good Faith.
2) Preparing MIS of the department performance to be submitted to the higher ups in the department.
3) Review staff requirement in coordination with team head to ensure that the Unit is always ready to deliver in case of any rise in volumes.






============
