














































 

 

 

 Accounting Technician Course(ATC) and CA Intermediate Pass from ICAI, New Delhi, India  

  Experience in ledger process, account reconciliation, financial analysis and management 

reporting, revenue and cost accounting, and management information system implementation. 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
London Academy: Center for Education                                                                                         Qatar 

Accountant                                                                                                                           Nov-2017 to June-2018 

 

 Manage accounting and Book Keeping. 

 Responsible for Cash collection and proper recording thereof 

 Manage accounts receivable and payable. 

 Prepare financial budget and forecast. 

 Manage time sheets and compile daily activity report for Tutors and Employees. 

 Prepare Income and Expenditure Account. 

 Maintain payroll and employee advances. 

 Assist during year end audit. 

 Perform detailed analysis for Business Plan and product pricing. 

ARABIAN INTERNATIONAL COMPANY FOR STEEL STRUCTURES        Jeddah, KSA 

  

Senior Accountant.                                                                                Dec 2014-April 2017                                                                                                                   

                           

 Analyzed, prepared, and submitted Financial Statements for subsidiary companies. 
 Monitored and interpreted company’s Investment Account. 
 Process Intercompany reconciliation. 
 Monitor and reconcile movement of intercompany stock transfer. 
 Prepared department budget. 
 Prepared asset, liability, and capital account entries by compiling and analyzing account 

information. 
 Prepare accounts analysis of Expense Accruals and site expenses reports and amortization of 

prepaid accounts. 
 Processing of GRN and non GRN payables. 
 Recommends value added process improvements in the new system’s development 
 Provide information support to Financial Controllers in subsidiaries  and divisions 
 Supervised junior accountants on inventory and transportation payables processing 

Varun Farswani ,CA-Intermediate Pass, ATC, B.com 
varun_farswani@yahoo.co.in    ●    (+91-9967490824) 



 

 Monitor staff advances and timely deduction of advances. 
 Summarized and analyzed Comparative Departmental Expenses reports 
 Assisted Chief Accountant to comply with auditor requirement during year end audit.   

 
 
 

 

Unicon Metals and Alloys Private Limited                                                                  Indore, Madhya Pradesh  

  

              Accountant July-2011 to June-2014 

 

 Working with spreadsheets, sales and purchase ledger 

 Responsible for managing petty cash transactions. 

 Follow-up for receivable amount from customers to see amount recovered in a timely manner. 

 Reconciling General Ledger accounts. 

 Preparing Bank Reconciliations. 

 Encoding accounting entries for data processing, processing accounts receivable and accounts 
payable. 

 Assist Chief Accountant accounting staff members in preparation of Budgets. 

 Assist Chief Accountant in preparation of schedules for year-end Financial Audit. 

 Handling accruals and prepayments. 

 Sorting financial documents and posting them to proper accounts. 
 

 

 

 

Articled Assistant (Mumbai, India)      Oct 2007-April-2010 

 Vouching and verification of expenses, import purchase, fixed assets. 

 Analysis of Trial Balance and Financials form audit and taxation purposes. 

 Verification of TSD deductions and returns filed by client company(s) 

 

 

 

EDUCATION 
Mumbai University                                 Mumbai- India 

Bachelor of Commerce, June2007 – April 2010 

 

 

CERTIFICATION 
Accounting Technician Course from Institute of Chartered Accountant of India                   New Delhi, 

India 

September, 2017 
 

 

 

 



 

Computer Literacy 
Worked on accounting software (ORION, IFS and Tally ERP 9) 

MS Excel 

MS Word 

MS Power Point                   

 

 

Personal Details 

Date of Birth: 29/07/1989. 

Permanent Address: Flat No 508, Wing-A-1 Diamond, Karol Baug, Bhavarsala 

Sanver Road, Opposite Aurbindo Hospital, Indore, Madhya Pradesh-453555 

Nationality: Indian 

Passport Details- S1203783. 

 


