












































SRI HARI RAJU DANDU

PRADIP BARIK


                                                              





Contact No: (M) +91-9933534727       
Email id: barik.pradip007@gmail.com 








    
Career Objective:
To seek a challenging and interesting job that encourages creativity and provides exposure to new technology  to achieve  professional and personal growth along  with  the  organization.
Professional Synopsis:

· 2.5+ years’ experience in Telecom Project and Maintenance area. 
· Proficient in deploying and coordinating the operations of large task groups with demonstrated organizational skills during the tenure. 

· Experience in Configuration, installation, integration, deployment, operation and maintenance of Cisco Router, Ceragon Microwave,Enb, Optical Fiber cable.

· Excellent capability of network building in the organization with proven ability in planning optimal utilization of resources.

Experience in maintenance, troubleshoot Of Telecom O&M and Project Field.
Work Experience:-

2.5+years of experience in maintenance, troubleshoot Of Telecom O&M and Project Field
Present Employer: Narula Infrastructure Pvt. Ltd
Designation: TRT ENGINEER
          Duration: July 2017 To till date
Responsibilities:

· Experience in Fiber and Microwave Equipments(i.e. CERAGON,NEC,DWDM
· Installation, configure and maintenance in Cisco router, Microwave, eNB, IDSC, ODSC, WIFI.

· Network deployment, optimization and Network Performance.

· Upgrade, install, Configure and troubleshoot ASR-920 router.

·  Experience and configure Microwave reachability in two nodes.

· Working on Fiber Optic Testing(Power meter,OTDR)

· Inspection and quality checks of Fiber optic connectors and assembly.

Past Employer: Paluck Technologies Pvt. Ltd
Designation: Field Engineer
Duration: Jan 2016 to June 2017
Project: eNB installation, integration, Microwave installation and integration.

Responsibilities:

· Team Handling
· Installation eNB, Integration.

· Installation Microwave, Integration.

· Troubleshooting Network.

Past Employer: Welkin Infra Pvt.Ltd

Designation: Field Engineer
Duration: Oct 2015 to dec 2016

Project: eNB installation, integration, Microwave installation and integration.

Responsibilities:

· Team Handling

· Installation eNB, Integration.

· Installation Microwave, Integration.

· Troubleshooting Network

Educational Qualifications:
	Course/Degree
	Institute
	Board
	Year of Completion
	% Marks/

D.G.P.A

	B.Tech (Electronics & Instrumentation Engineering)
	Saroj Mohan Institute of Technology, Techno India Group, Guptipara
	Maulana Abul Kalam Azad University of Technology,West Bengal
	2015
	7.48

	10+2 
	Contai High School, Contai
	West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education
	2011
	63.2%

	10
	Contai High School, Contai
	West Bengal Board of Secondary Education
	2009
	73.5%


Personal Details:
· Father’s Name

:-   PULIN CHANDRA BARIK

· Permanent Address
:-   VILL-GHATUA,


   

      P.O.-TAGARIA,




      P.S.-CONTAI,




      DIST-PURBA MEDINIPUR,




      WEST BENGAL-721433

· Date of Birth    

:-   21thMarch 1993                         

· Language Known

:-   English ,Hindi, Bengali                                                 

· Marital Status 

:-   Unmarried

· Nationality/Religion
:-   Indian / Hindu

Declaration:

I here by declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and feel responsible for any discrepancy.                 


           (PRADIP BARIK)

Date: 13-03-2018








                                            

 

PAGE  

