
















































sna1993@gmail.com
7731015157
Shaik Nawaaz
Email: sna1993@gmail.com				                                                                                          Phone    : 7731015157 / 7097320016.

Career Objective:			
Seeking a position in an Organization to be a source of strength and in turn developing my Skills to be a good professional and to learn new technology that to both individual and organization.
Professional Summary:-			
· Expertise in different aspects of software development like designing, developing.
· Highly skilled in Core Java, JEE, Spring, Hibernate.
· Having experience in Oracle.
· Having experience in Web Technologies.
· Highly motivated, quick learner, team player with good analytical, technical and communication skills.
Professional Experience:-									
· Working as Software developer in Visana Soft Solutions Pvt.Ltd., Hyderabad since 15st October 2015 to till date.
· Worked as School Teacher in IQRA English Medium School, Ongole since 5th August 2014 to 5th August 2015.	
Educational Qualification: 		

	Course
	Academic Year
	Board / University
	Percentage
(Aggregate)

	S.S.C
	2007 – 2008
	Board of secondary Education, A.P.
	78%

	Intermediate (M.P.C)
	2008 – 2010 
	Board of Intermediate Education, A.P.
	85%

	B.Tech (E.E.E)
	2010 – 2014  
	JNTU KAKINADA
	71.9%                 



IT Skills			
Java Programming:    Java developer tools, Java JDK, API’s, Data storage & Java Application Development, Web Services.
      Operating 	System:      Windows 7, 8, 10.
      Language                 :       Java, Adv.Java, spring, Hibernate.
Training			
· Trained on Java Programming & Application Development from InetSolv Hyderabad.  

Projects History			
 Project Name:  Enterprise Infirmary Management & Patient Care Automation Software
Role		:  Programmer
Description:
Enterprise Infirmary Management & Patient Care Automation Software is designed for multispecialty hospitals, to cover a wide range of hospital administration and management processes. It is an integrated end-to-end Hospital Management System that provides relevant information across the hospital to support effective decision making for patient care, hospital administration and critical financial accounting, in a seamless flow. 
This EIMPCAS software provides the benefits of streamlined operations, enhanced administration & control, superior patient care, strict cost control and improved profitability for multi-specialty hospitals. It is powerful, flexible, and easy to use and is designed and developed to deliver real conceivable benefits to hospitals and clinics. More importantly it is backed by our reliable and dependable support.
Key features in this Application include:
· By using this application Process is will became easy.
· Live chat is available, user easily contact with Team.
· Can check the doctor Timings.
· History of the Hospital employees.
· User can find the facilities easily.
Technical Skills:
· Technology				: 	J2SE and J2EE
· Web-Technologies			:	HTML, JavaScript , CSS
· Web Server				: 	Tomcat 6.0/7.0
· Java Version				:	JDK1.6
· Backend Database			:	Oracle10Gxe.
 Academic Project Name:    MODULAR OF CHARGING BATTERY FOR ELECTRICAL VEHICLE
Team Size   :   4
Duration     :  9 weeks 
Abstract     : 
                          The next five years will see a substantial increase in the number of all electric (EVs) and hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) utilizing onboard electrochemical energy storage devices (batteries) that require full or part recharging by connection to a low voltage utility network that supply domestic or light industrial users. The utility connection requires a battery charger composed of a uni- or bi-directional power electronic converter that converts the AC supply to DC or vice versa. 
                                   The expectation for future automotive power electronic converter products is lifetimes of 10 years and over, and operation in arduous temperature environments, factors that compromise existing power converter topologies, in particular those employing electrolytic capacitors. This paper discusses a 7kW battery charger design that is modular, has a balanced three-phase input, is near unity power factor and has no electrolytic capacitors. The project discusses the charger design concepts and presents test validation results.

Role                 :  Second Leader.

Technology     :  MATLAB
Extra Curricular Activity			
· Participated in “ROBOTRYST-2013” a workshop on Robotics conducted by IIT-DELHI.
Achievements			
· Participated in Paper Presentation on HVDC in VIGAN’S NIRULA WOMENS COLLEGE and received 2nd Prize.
· Participated in Creative Writing in PRAKASAM ENGG. COLLEGE and received 3rd prize.
· Got Second runner up in zonal rounds of Robotryst-2013 a national level robotics championship in associated with tryst IIT-DELHI.
Personal Profile                                                 								
Name			:	Shaik. Nawaaz
Father’s Name      	:	Sk. Ayaz
Gender		:	Female
Date of Birth		:	14th April 1993
Marital Status		:	Single.
Nationality		:	Indian
Religion		:           Muslim	
Languages known	:	Telugu, English and Hindi.
Address		:	D.No: 1-298
                                                Islam pet -1st lane              
                                                Ongole               
                                                Prakasam District
                                          	A.P - 523001
Declaration
I hereby declare that the facts and information provided here are true to my knowledge and belief.

Place	: Hyderabad
Date 	: 							
											Shaik. Nawaaz.    
