






































Vishal Wabale

DR.VISHAL ASHOK WABALE
Mobile- +91-9890241170
Home- +91-2589-224049
E-mail : dr.vishalwabale@gmail.com 

OBJECTIVE:
I wish to pursue a challenging career in Clinical Research Operations with enormous capabilities to contribute my knowledge and skills in a position with fast steady growing and dynamic organization.

PRESENT EXPERIENCE:
Company
:  Max Neeman International, Worli, Mumbai.

Designation
:  Clinical Research Associate
Duration
: 15 Oct 2010- Till date (1 Year, 6 months)  
Job Description: 
· Assist project in-charge with feasibility analysis and identification, selection of investigators, create, organize and collate documents required by the project team prior to the start of the study (e.g. protocols, questionnaires, feasibility, confidentiality agreements etc.)

· Site selection, Initiation and monitoring visits in accordance with contracted scope of work and good clinical practice. 

· Administer protocol and related study training to assigned sites and establish regular lines of communication with sites to manage ongoing project expectations and issues.

· Managing the progress of assigned studies by tracking regulatory submissions and approvals, recruitment and enrollment

· Assisting the site in Case report form (CRF) completion and in data query resolution. 

· Preparing Monitoring Reports and maintaining appropriate documentation

· Source data verification, eCRF review, IP accountability, Review of Investigator Site files
· Customization of Informed Consent form

· Preparation of Monitoring Plan.

· Coordinating with Sponsor for study related documents

· Training of Junior colleagues
· Leading Sponsor’s Telecon

· Budget Negotiation with Sites

· Keep a close association with site (s) for: Patient Recruitment, Patient Follow Up, protocol related activities

· Act as a communication Link between Sponsor and the site

· Maintain accurate and timely sponsor/site correspondence and communication
· Attend Investigators’ Meeting

· Training of Investigators on Protocol and other applicable regulatory guidelines including local regulatory guidelines
· Preparation Ethics Committee Submission packages

· Preparation of Investigator Site File binders 

· Audit preparation. Faced sponsor audit with no major findings 
· Review of SAE forms shared by site before submitting to medical monitor. Coordinate with investigator and medical monitor for SAEs occurred at site. 
· Guide site coordinator to fill the SAE forms. 
· Guide site coordinators to record the AEs occurred in the oncology studies per CTCAE.  
Brief Summary of monitoring activities: 
· Co-monitoring                              : 05

· Site Qualification/Selection Visit : 08
· Site Initiation Visit                       : 06
· Interim Monitoring Visit              : 42
· Site Close Out Visit                     :  05 

· Audit                                            :  01 (at 2 sites)

Brief Summary of Relevant Clinical Research Experience: 

	No
	Therapeutic Indication
	Phase
	Global/Local company sponsored

	1
	Cervix Cancer
	II
	Global

	2
	Haemophilia-A
	III
	Global

	  3
	Haemophilia-A
	IV
	Global


PAST EXPERIENCE:
 
Company
:  Tata Memorial Hospital, Parel, Mumbai.
Designation
:  Research Fellow (Medical)

Duration
: 15 May 2009- 14 Oct 2010 (1 Year, 5 Months) 
Job Description: 

· Assist principal investigator for the identification of potential subjects

· Patient recruitment and retention. 

· Maintain source files

· Completion of eCRF and query resolution
· IP administartion

· Ethics committee submission

· Communication with ethics committee

· Communication with clinical research associate, medical monitor

· Collection of blood sample and shipment of it to central lab

· Collection of retrospective data for paper presentation 
· Preparation of SAE reports and submission of the same to ethics committee within required timeline.

· Preparation of SAE reports and to share with medical monitor within required timeline. 
Brief Summary of Relevant Clinical Research Experience: 

	No
	Therapeutic Indication
	Phase
	Global/Local company sponsored

	1
	Chronic Myeloid Leukemia
	III
	Global

	2
	Advanced  Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer
	Ib
	Global

	3
	Advanced Non-squamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer
	III
	Global

	4
	Non-myeloid malignancies associated with Chemotherapy induced anemia
	III
	Global


ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS (Most Resent First):     
 
	Qualification
	College
	University
	Percentage
	Year of Clearing

	Master of Science-Clinical Research(M.Sc.-CR)
	Institute of Clinical Research (India) – Mumbai
	Cranfield University
	59%
	2010

	Post Graduate Diploma in Clinical Research Management

(PGDCRM)
	Institute of Clinical Research (India) – Mumbai
	ICRI
	61 %

(Aggregate) 
	2008

	Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine & Surgery(B.A.M.S.)
	Tilak Ayurved

Mahavidyalaya,

Pune
	Maharashtra University of Health Science, Nasik
	64 %

(Aggregate)
	2007


CONFERENCE/ WORKSHOP ATTENDED:
	Organized by
	Topic
	Date
	Venue

	CRS & Dept. of Atomic Energy –Clinical Trial Centre
	Clinical Research Methodology on Clinical Trial
	10th & 11th Apr 2010
	Tata Memorial Hospital, Parel, Mumbai. 

	Synergetik Learning Solutions
	Good Documentation Practices:
Supporting Study Start up & Monitoring
	13th Mar 2010
	The Club, Andheri

	Tata Memorial Hospital, Parel, Mumbai. 
	Aggressive Non Hodgkin’s Lymphoma
	26-28th Feb 2010
	Tata Memorial Hospital, Parel, Mumbai.

	Tata Memorial Hospital – Women’s Cancer Initiative, Parel, Mumbai.
	VII Annual Conference on Breast & Gynecology Cancers
	30th Oct-1st Nov 2009
	Tata Memorial Hospital, Parel, Mumbai

	Academy for Clinical Excellence (ACE)
	Independent Ethics Committees
	18th Sept, 2009
	Tata Memorial Hospital, Parel, Mumbai 

	Indian Cooperative Oncology Network

(ICON)
	21st ICON Meeting
	18th-20th Sep,2009
	Tata Memorial Hospital, Parel, Mumbai.


PUBLICATIONS:

· N. Ghadyalpatil, K. Prabhash, H. Menon, R. Nair, S. Banavali, V. Noronha, V. Wabale, et al. Tuberculosis infection in chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) patients treated with imatinib. Abstract published in 2010 ASCO Annual Meeting (June 4-8, 2010).
ACHIEVEMENTS:

· Got HIGH SCHOOL SCHOLARSHIP by Govt. of MAHARASHTRA in1996. 
· Got NATIONAL MERIT SCHOLARSHIP by Govt. of INDIA in 1999. 
· Awarded with “Max Neeman Star of the Month for March 2010 and December 2011
PERSONAL DETAILS:

Permanent Address

: Plot no.21/A,”Vishva-vatsalya”, Shivneri Nagar,

  Bhadgaon Road, Chalisgaon, Dist: Jalgaon, (MH) -India
  (Pin- 424101).
Date of Birth


: 21/04/1984
Age



: 27
Nationality


: Indian

Sex



: Male
Marital Status

: Single

Language Known

: English, Hindi, Marathi.
REFERENCES:

Prashant Uttalwar                                   Dr.Ghanashyam Kadam
Clinical Research Associate-II                  Sub-investigator & Senior Research Fellow

Quintiles Research (India) Pvt. Ltd.          Dept.of Digestive Disease & 
Mob. No. +91-8600322211                        Clinical Nutrition 
Email: uttalwar@gmail.com                      Tata Memorial Hospital   
                                                                    Mob. No. +91-9892006164/ 9324966366
                                                                    Email: ghanashyam.kadam@gmail.com         
Date:   







Place:


                                  (Dr. Vishal A. Wabale) 
