





































Sudha.S
Email:sudha957@gmail.com

Mobile-No:9035877094

	Objective


To align my Software Developing skills with a progressive company in the application of my technical, educational and work ethic renders a significant contribution to the continued success of the company. 

	Working Experience:



i) Working as System Executive in Su-Raj Diamonds

ii) Worked as a Trainee CSR in Origin Call Centre for 6 months
iii) Woked as a junior software developer in Serene Technologies for 6 months

iv) Worked as a CRO in AirtelBroadBand outbound Process in 

     HTMT global Solution for 18 months
	Educational Qualifications


	Course
	Institute & Course Duration
	Board/University
	Percentage

	B.E in Information Science


	Bangalore College of Engineering and Technology, 

(2003-2007)
	VTU, Belgaum
	65.96%

	II PUC 
	Vijaya Pre-University College, (2003)
	PU Board
	65.66%

	Std X
	V.H.S School, (2001)
	SSLC Board
	84.96%


	Current Job Profile :


i) Working as System Executive in Su-Raj Diamonds

ii) Cordinating with the development team for the internal projects

iii) Providing Backend Support for the ERP Application

iv) Generating the Required Reports for Production Team

v) Maintaining the Fbackup Application and Sending the reports reguraly

vi) Manually Testing the Worker Log Application

	Course Offered:


 Training on Testing tools for 6 months

· Manual Testing 
· Automation Testing – WinRunner , LoadRunner, Silk Test,QTP
	Skills summary:


1 Good working knowledge of Microsoft .Net development platforms(ASP.NET 3.5,C# ).

2 Good working knowledge on Web Designing.

3 Worked on HTML  

4 Worked on CSS, JavaScript.
5 Good working knowledge on SQL (MS SQL Server 2005).
	Professional Experience


SERENE TECHNOLOGIES                                              
Project Name: EnterPrise Resource Planning(ERP)

Project Description:

Enterprise resource planning (ERP) integrates internal and external management information across an entire organization, finance/accounting, manufacturing, sales and service, human resources etc. ERP software applications can be used to manage product planning, parts purchasing, inventories, interacting with suppliers, providing customer service, and tracking orders.
Roles & Responsibilities: 

•Requirement Gathering, Analysis and Designing of the system.

•Design Web Pages.

•Designing the template.  

Environment: OS: Windows7 ,Language: MICROSOFT .NET 2010, Database: SQL SEVER2008  Language and Technologies:  C# ,ASP.Net , CSS.
	     Academic Project



Project Name: Data Recovery Management
Environment: Java
Description: The Project is a solution developed  to Backup and recover the data. Backup refers to the copying of data for the purpose of having a second copy of an original source in case of damage to the  original source.This application is designed to perform database maintenance activities.
	Personal Summary:  


Father’s name          :            SanneGowda

Date of Birth            :            28-01-1986

Address                   :            #230,Naryanapa Layout,

                                            Hosaroad, Electronic City.Post, 

                                            Bangalore-560100
Hobbies                   :            Craft Works                                             

Strengths                 :           Dedication towards the responsibility,                                              


                Willingness to Learn

I hereby declare that above mentioned particulars is true to the best of my knowledge.

                                                                                                                             (Sudha.S) 
