













































ARIF I


                  

 

Sabarish R  

+91-9488665609 | r_sabarish@rocketmail.com                                                                  

 

 

SUMMARY 

 

 Around 2.9 years of IT industry experience in Software Development & SDLC Process. 

 Hands on experience in Core Java, Servlet & JSP, JDBC. 

 Experience with developing Web & Enterprise application using latest framework like 

Spring & Hibernate 

 Experience with web technologies like HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX. 

 Knowledge of Eclipse tool for the development of Java projects. 

 Hands on experience with Tomcat web server. 

 Hands on experience with database tool like Oracle SQL developer, MySQL workbench. 

 Having the experience on Manual Unit Testing. 

 Interaction with the client for requirement gathering. 

 

WORK HISTORY  

 

 Software Engineer at ThinkSynQ Solutions Pvt Ltd, Chennai from March 2015 to till date 

 

EDUCATION 

 

 B.E (Computer Science and Engineering) from Annai Mathammal Sheela Engineering 

college,  Namakkal with 64% in 2014. 

 

STRENGTHS 

 

 A quick learner with the ability to make solutions-oriented, creative & innovative 

contributions in highly demanding situations. 

 Efficient analytical problem solving & decision making skills. 

 Excellent written and oral communication skills. 

 Can take the independent responsibility. 

 Ability to work in a team environment, along with an ability to manage one’s own 

      task, lead the team and deliver on goals. 

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS & TOOLS 

 

Languages   : Core Java, J2EE(Servlet&JSP), Spring&Hibernate 

Web Technologies  : HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and Bootstrap 

Operating Systems  : Windows XP,7,8,10 and Ubuntu 

Web Server     : Apache Tomcat 8&9 

Build Management Tool : Apache Maven 

Tools    : Eclipse, Net Beans & SVN 

Databases   : Oracle & MySQL 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



                  

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 

Project Name     : Procure to Pay(P2P) Software 

Client     : VIT University, Vellore 

Technology   : Core Java, J2EE(Servlet&JSP), Spring,    

                                                      Hibernate, HTML, CSS, JavaScript,  jQuery, AJAX & Bootstrap 

Environment : Java 1.7, Eclipse, SVN, Ubuntu OS. 

Duration   : March 2015 – till date 

Role    : Software Engineer 

 

Description: 

 

Procure to Pay is the process of obtaining the raw materials needed for manufacturing a 

product or providing a service, and making payment for these. Every manufacturing concern 

or service provider needs to run this cycle efficiently if they are to continuously manage their 

cash flow, build good will with suppliers and make profits. 

 

    The project is based on the following process:- 

 The process begins with planning what materials are required, when they are required, 

and the price that the company can afford to pay for them. 

 Then the company prepares a list of vendors that they think can provide the materials 

for them. 

 The company asks each of the vendors to submit a quotation, which includes the price, 

terms of delivery, quality of materials, and any other information that they need for mak-

ing their decision. This stage could also involve negotiating with the vendors for the best 

deal. 

 Once a vendor has been chosen, the buyers create a purchase requisition form that in-

cludes information such as the description of goods and services, department account 

number, signatures of the authorized managers, delivery instructions and quotation from 

the authorized vendor. 

 A formal purchase order is sent to the vendor to supply the goods along with instructions 

as to the conditions under which they have to be supplied. 

 Once the company receives the goods from the supplier, the purchase department 

prepares a Goods Receipt. This is an important document which can later be used for 

reconciling if what the seller delivered was indeed what they asked for. 

 The Goods Receipt is compared with the Purchase Order to validate if the two match. If 

there are any discrepancies, the buyer can contact the seller and post a complaint. 

Checks are made if the goods are suitable for use or not, if the correct quantity has 

been delivered, if all the goods meet the ordered specifications, and they are priced 

according to the terms of the purchase order. If any goods are damaged then the 

buyers will have to contact the sellers and ask either for a replacement or a refund. 

 Once the verification of the goods is done, the payment invoice is created and the 

necessary approvals from the project managers are obtained. 

 When the company makes the final payments to the vendor, the cycle comes to a 

close. 



                  

 

Contribution and Responsibilities: 

 Interacting with clients and understanding the clients requirement and finalize its scope. 

 Creating data base table for project modules. 

 Designing GUI based interface and development of various modules. 

 Unit testing and integration testing of owned use cases. 

 Bug fixing and Maintenance of the project 

CERTIFICATION 

 

 Completed Certification course for Java & J2EE at Accord Info Matrix, Chennai. 

 

PERSONAL PROFILE: 

 

Father's Name   : Mr.R.Ravi 

Date of Birth   : 13th Jun 1993 

Marital Status   : Single 

Gender             : Male 

Language Known  : Tamil & English 

Permanent Address  : 2-208,Linganayakkana Halli,Dharmapuri-635303. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

DECLARATION 

 

I hereby I assure that the above given details of me are true and corrected to my belief and 

best of my knowledge.  

 

Date :  

Place   : Chennai        (SABARISH R) 


