




































CURRICULUM-VITAÉ

Shirley Sadiq Khoja

A – 005, Palace View Society,

Kalyaninagar, Pune - 16

M: 8237850078

E-mail: shirleykhoja@yahoo.com
OBJECTIVE:  My career objectives include gaining expertise in a multitude of facets of the organization of which I am a part, through continuous development. Subsequently, I will devote my skills and knowledge to efficiently and effectively handle whatever responsibility I have to shoulder.

SUMMARY: Working for your organization would give me the opportunity and vantage ground for gaining reputation. The challenging and inspiring environment would be, I hope, conducive for the full realization of my potential. I assure that I am innovative, hardworking and clubbable.

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND:

	Examination
	Percentage
	Board/University
	Grade/Class

	SSC

	66%
	Maharashtra State Board
	First Class

	HSC
	69%
	Maharashtra State Board
	First Class

	B.Com
	66%
	Pune University
	First Class


SKILLS EXPOSURE: 

· Diploma in ecom. Application Programming Course from NIIT, scoring ‘A’ grade.

· Diploma in Financial Accounting & Tally from Bright Computer Academy, scoring ‘A’ grade.

· Received certificate of Recognition for successfully completing ‘Fundamentals of UK General Insurance’

· Successfully completed Certified Trainer’s Program in the year 2010

CAREER SUMMARY: 

Company Name:
WNS Global Services (P) Ltd (General Insurance)

Position:

Sr. Quality Assurance Associate 

Work Description: 
Working as a Quality Checker for the various products.

Assemble data and prepare periodic and special reports, manuals and correspondence. As a trainer has trained new joinees in General Insurance and Process training. Identify training needs and train employees in job duties and company policies. (Became a WNS certified Trainer since December 2010 to train 22 new underwriters)

While in Operations has worked as a good team player, maintained accuracy and had received appreciation for my work and support to the team. 

Date of Joining: 29th Sept 2005

Company Name: 
Cancer Patients Aid Association (NGO)

Position: 

Fund Raiser

Work Description: 
Visited different offices and managed sufficient funds as a Fund raiser.

Managed advertising in Newspapers and Magazines so as to promote the economic as well as

Financial condition of the CPA patients.

Date of joining: 2004






Date Left:  2005

Company Name:  
Supreme Caterers

Position:

 Senior Account Executive

Work Description: 
Handling Accounts Work/ Looking after Purchase and Sale.

Reconciliation/ Making payments/ Billing and handling of Cash.

Keep records of Payroll and overall office routine works.

Date of Joining: 2002





Date Left: 2004

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES:

· Received Awards of  Rising Star in EXL services

· Given Technical Service Presentation and scored 90% in Information search and Analysis skill (NIIT)

· Received Certificates in sports and for cultural activities.

PERSONAL PROFILE:

Name


: Shirley Khoja

Date of Birth

: 4th  May

Languages known
: English, Hindi and Marathi

Marital Status             : Married


Hobbies

: Painting, Reading and Sports

Strength   

: Dedicated, Honest, Disciplined. 

REFERENCES:  Available on request.

