












































K

P. Pradeep
                                                                                                  

#-129, Dr. Timaiah Road, Judges Colony,                                       
Harisha Nivas, Basaveshwara Nager

BANGALORE-560079

Contact No-7411250844/55
E Mail-ppradeepnaidu111@gmail.com
EDUCATION 

MBA                          : New Shores International College in 2014.
BCA                            : GK Institute of Science and Technology, Rajaji Nagar,                                                              

                                       Bangalore in 2011
PUC

             : St Josephs Pre University in 2007. 

SSLC


 : St Ann’s High School in 2005, Bangalore.

Software Exposure 
: Knowledge of Operating Systems like MS Office, 

                                      MS Power Point Windows & Software Development Skills (Basic).

OBJECTIVE
To obtain a position that challenges me and provides me the opportunity to reach my full potential professionally and personally utilizing my abilities and years of experience in your organization that is progressive intellectually and technically and one in which practices collaborative leadership, integrity and honesty.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Ernst and Young
February’16 – October’16

Job Profile: Customer/Client support Analyst.
Duties & Responsibilities: Transfer Pricing support Analyst for India.
· Analysis of product structures, risk profiles & Profitability measures.
· Develop and maintain a management reporting framework.
· Source for product, risk and profitability data.
· Worked with Finance, ALM and Treasury departments on FTP principles.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise 

April ’14 – November’15 
Job Profile: Technical Analyst/Support
Duties & Responsibilities: Technical representative for SPR and EMEA
·  Semi Voice (Email and chat) supporting HP Technical and non technical  queries including Manufactured products like Desktop, Laptops, Workstations, Network Troubleshooting. Microsoft related issues including third party software’s to diagnose hardware & software faults and providing warranty related issues, either over the phone or Chat and email
ACADEMIC 
Project 1 Details
Project Title

        
 :     Development of Private Networking & Event Sharing
Technology Used               
:      ASP.NET, Visual Studio 2008 : SQL SERVER 2008
Programming Language   
:     C sharp
Other Technologies
          
:     AJAX, JavaScript, CSS
Operating System
          
:     WINDOWS7/XP
Description
: Private networking web portal is an online networking                                                                             website with a secure interaction between the users who are registered on the website. Event sharing between the users is initiated by a user creating an event and inviting the other users to join the event.
Team Size
                      
:     4
My Contribution
          
:     Design, Development & Testing
Project 2 Details
Project Title

          
:     Project tracking system
Technology Used               
:      ASP.NET Visual studio 2008
Programming Language   
:     C sharp
Operating System
           
:     WINDOWS7/XP
Description
 :  The purpose of this application is to automate the system that maintains information about several projects of an organization, departments associated with the projects of the organization and work \ particulars of the projects. The ultimate goal of the system is to keep track of the projects, projects of several departments and generation of reports as and when they are required based on certain constrains of a particular project.
Project 3 Details
Project Title

  
:     Detecting Kernel-Level Rootkits Using Data Structure Invariants
Technology Used       
:      Java Script, HTML, XML
Operating System
  
:     WINDOWS7
Description
 :  MySQL server provides a database management system with querying & connectivity capabilities, as well as the ability to have excellent data structure and integration with many different platforms. It can handle large databases reliably and quickly in high-demanding production environments.
CERTIFICATE
Java, J2EE & Implementing JSF, Hibernate & Spring in Java EE Applications and Python scripting from NIIT Rajaji Nagar Bangalore Branch.

PERSONAL
Name of Father
: K. Prabhakar Naidu
DOB


: 10.07.1990
Hobbies
: Playing football, Computer Games, watching TV
Languages Known
: English, Hindi, Telugu & Kannada.

PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE
To play a key role in the organization and to be a part of the core team that believes in Self-Discipline, Self-Esteem, Self-Motivation and Self-Confidence, enabling the organization to achieve its goal and reach the pinnacle of success, there by setting standards for others to follow.

I hereby state that the above information is correct to the best of my knowledge.
P. Pradeep Naidu








Bangalore.






- 1 - 



