








































DEB RANJAN ROY
E-Mail: raja_debranjan@yahoo.co.in                                                         Address: Puspakunj Appt, Flat F2, 2nd floor, Debigarh,
Phone: +919831829971                                                                                          Madhyamgram, Kolkata-700129

OBJECTIVE: To continually find new horizons of my life by accepting challenges and confronting them to the
                    best of my abilities so that it can help me to excel in my technical, analytical and methodical 
                    abilities, decisive thinking and thereby providing me enough opportunities to grow along with it.           




PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
      Designation   : Team Leader
      Company        : Sun Knowledge Private Limited

      Duration         : October 2009 - Present

Job Responsibilities
· Provided health solutions to 20 U.S state beneficiaries on their Medicare Part D Drug plan.
· Trained newly incepted people on “Pharmacy Benefit Manager (PBM)”software operation.
· Coordinated with in-house physicians to understand impact of application configurations to meet customer goals and expectations. 
· Maintained communication with beneficiary’s doctor as well as the patient for therapeutic follow up.
· Supported a group of physicians to provide a rational decision on coverage determination request.
· Inspected fraud cases and updated the legal and compliance team on the same.
· Supervised other assistant clinical analysts on difficult cases thus mentoring and motivating them to give their best.
· Having thorough knowledge of Medicare Part A, B & D along with nearly one & half years experience in Claims adjudication and audit.
· Conducting training sessions for the U.S. Healthcare process for new joiners and refresher sessions for the tenured people for the betterment of the process & quality assurance.
· Had been a part of selection process and various campus interviews for recruiting B. Tech graduates.
               Other experiences

· Worked as Professional Service Executive with Dr Reddy’s Lab from year 2006 till year 2008 with Pedia, ENT, Cardio, Ortho portfolio.
· Worked as Business Officer with Bayer Schering Pharma from year 2008 till Sept’ 2009 with Cardio-Diabetic portfolio.
Educational Details:        Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Sciences, West Bengal University of Technology (2006).
                                            Coursework- Pharmacology, Pharmaceutical technology, Pharmaceutical management

                                                                    Pharmacognosy, Clinical Pharmacy.
                                            Overall DGPA- 8.12/10.     
Case Studies:                    Organization: IVY PROFESSIONAL SCHOOL

                                                                     Conducted with help of SAS.

· Time Series :                  Predicting future passenger sales based on current  sales for an  
                                          airline company.

· Multiple Regression :   Predicting academic performance of an elementary school
                                        using attributes like class size, enrollment, poverty, parent 

                                        education, student performance, teacher credentials from 

                                        400 elementary schools from the California Department of 

                                        Education’s API 2000 dataset.

· Segmentation :             Identification and profiling of customer groups by key business 
                                        parameters like price paid, sales, discounts, units sold of a 
                                        software company.

Coursework:                      CERTIFIED COURSE IN DATA ANALYTICS, KPO PROFESSIONAL PROGRAM FROM

                                             IVY PROFESSIONAL SCHOOL, KOLKATA. 

 Skill Set:                              SAS 9 Analytics (Base and Advanced including Merge, Proc SQL, Macro and Array and 
                                              statistical procedures.

                                              MS EXCEL and Advanced MS EXCEL.
                                             Database Handling using SQL.



Reference    :                                      Saurabh Verma 

                                                              Infosys Technologies Ltd.
                                                              Associate Consultant

                                                              Pune, Maharashtra
                                                              Phone: +917875550705
                                                             Dr. Avijatri Dutta

                                                             Manager (Clinical Services)

                                                             Sun Knowledge Private Limited

                                                             GN-34/2, Ashram Building, Sector5, Salt Lake, Kolkata

                                                             E-mail:  avijatri.dutta@sunknowledge.com
                                                             Phone: +919830158572
