

























Jerome Sagaya Raj V

Mobile No: 8508232487

Mail ID: jerojose3@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE:

Seeking a progressive opportunity to be a part of a challenging & innovative environment and
also to exhibit & enhance my technical and administrative capabilities.

SUMMARY OF EXPERIENCES

 Well-organized, self-motivated individual with ability to rapidly learn new tasks.

 Good experience of working in banking operations field to deliver against challenging
objectives in a short span of time

 Handled the MI reports for all the process in my team.

 Conducted trainings on the process as well as initiated process improvement
techniques for the improvement of efficiency and the accuracy in the team.

 Assisted the manager in all MI works related to the process and the team.

 Initiated several workouts in the team to improve the process and to serve our
customers better

 Engaged closely with the stakeholders & handled their queries effectively.

 Been a SPOC in identifying process gaps across locations

 Framed SOP for the team based on the risks involved in the process

 Improved my process by involving in work-outs as well as various CI initiatives in the
team.

 Nominated as a SME in C&Q team which is a part of PBB operations

 Closely worked with the stake holders to improve the process efficiency and trained
them.

 Maintained a good track record for consistency meeting goals and delivering a high
level of job performance

 Involved in presenting the error analysis training program

 Initiated workouts for process effectiveness

 Engaged in workload allocation.

 Nominated as AYIC SPOC in my team, and explains risk related topics in team
huddle.



TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE

MS – Office : MS word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint

Applications Worked: Image & Workflow, Phoenix, UKBMIS, C&Q, TSYS

Process Involved : PBB Operations – C&Q (September 2014- Current date)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

 Organization : Royal Bank of Scotland Business Services Private Limited

 Designation : Senior Analyst – C&Q

 Duration : September 01,2014 to till date

Process:

1. Mortgages:

Description: Dealing all types of mortgages cases and investigates with the customer
and refund the amount to the customer.

2. Regular Payments:

Description: Handling PSD, NON-PSD cases and verify all the payments in BO and refund
the amount to the customer if bank did any mistake.

3. Fraud & Chargeback:

Description: Handling POS, plastics and non-plastics fraud cases and investigate with
the customer and refund the amount to the customer.

4. Credit cards:

Description: Handling consumer and commercial card cases and investigate and resolve
their issues.

ACHIEVEMENTS

 Got SPOT ovations in my team and an individual performance award for smart
workers given in RBS

 Get appreciation from clients for securing 100% QR consecutively in all the process

 Processing with 100% accuracy & effectively escalating to the appropriate teams
whenever necessary

 Been a star performer in both the teams consistently throughout the year



 Received silver ovation for simplifying customer life

 Received an award for top ideator in IMANIA event which is conducted to all over
PBB teams across the locations

 Received an award for top ideator in EMPOWER event which is conducted to all the
C&Q teams across the locations.

ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS

 MBA Finance

Board/University : St.Joseph’s Institute of Management,Trichy

Year of passing : 2014

Class Secured : FIRST

 B.Sc Mathematics

Board/University : St.Joseph’s College,Trichy

Year of passing : 2012

Class Secured : DISTINCTION

PERSONAL PROFILE:

Name : Jerome Sagaya Raj V

Gender : Male

Father’s Name : Mr. A.Vanathaiyan

Date of Birth : 03-06-1992

Languages Known : Tamil, English

Permanent Address : no, 123, AVM Avenue 7th street

Virugambakkam

Chennai- 92

Declaration:

I hereby declare the above-furnished information are true and correct to the best of my
knowledge and belief. I also assure you, if am selected for the post I will discharge the duties
to the satisfaction of my superiors.

Yours Sincerely

Jerome Sagaya Raj V




