



















































   Mr. Upendra Singh
Email: up2akash@yahoo.com, singh.upendra313@gmail.com	                                                     
M: 9883595989

EXPERIENCE
June’13 – Present 
HRSS – Mahindra Automotive & Farm Division (East Zone)
People Strong-Payroll
· Handling Business HR responsibilities (Recruitment, Joining & Induction PMS, Exit Management, Talent Management, Policies, Compliance Employee grievance, 
Training & Development
Employee Engagement, Background Verification,) for the Mahindra Automotive and farm equipment division across 5 states in East India. 
· (Manpower strength of 700+). 
· Handled recruitment in a highly competitive industry and difficult talent market. Deployed innovative initiatives to engage a geographically spread workforce. Achieved highest Training Need Fulfillment across India in FY16 and deployed E – Learning effectively. 
· Member of Several Strategic HR Projects for Sales & Customer Care such as “Samarth”(Capability Building Initiative for top talented Front Line Managers),Driving a Culture of Appreciation (an EVP Project) and others. 
· Highlights: Recognized for the improvement of Third Party Systems and processes, Sales and customer care productivity analysis.
 
December 2012 – June 2013
Sr.HR Executive- Konnect Sales Pvt Ltd

· Handling Business HR responsibilities (Recruitment, Joining & Induction PMS, Exit Management, Talent Management, Policies, Compliance Employee grievance, and
Employee Engagement).

· Highlights: Recognized for the Best performer of the HR department.












Human Resources Management 

Seeking to work in a Business HR/ COE/ Strategic  HR role for a reputed organization

Offering 6+ years of professional experience, including 6 years in Human Resource Management

Creative, agile and driven HR professional with experience in both Business HR and Strategic HRM domains

Completed PGDM in HRM & International Business, Bangalore, (Acharya Institute of Management & Sciences) in 2011 and joined 
Career Net Technologies as 
Sr. HR Executive. 






June 2011 – May 2012
Sr. Hr Executive- Career Net Technologies- (Bangalore)
· Primary Role was to drive Campus recruitment & Lateral hiring in close association with some big clients like Intel, EMC2 , Netapp, Akamai, Mindtree. The role involved creating a vision for the organization manpower planning journey, design and implementation and Initiatives and Metrics. Consulted and partnered with Business Diversity Councils. 
· Talent Management: Managing the Talent Metrics for the Group, driving the functioning of IT and Finance Functional Talent Councils and driving quality initiative for TM processes
· Execution of key talent initiatives like Fireside Chat and Shadow Boards. 
· Worked closely with the Recruitment team and senior Leaders for the design and implementation of key Talent Development Initiatives.

· Highlights: Recognized for the best team of the organization in terms of generating profit. And super technique & initiative was appreciated for the selection process, quality of training programs, short term live business projects and final roles offered to the candidates. 



EDUCATION
June 2009 to Apr 2011
Completed PGDM in Human Resources Management & International Business with a CGPA of 3.71/4.33 Acharya Institute of Management & Sciences (AIMS) Bangalore
May 2004 to Apr 2007
Completed B.COM from Calcutta University 
May-2002 to April 2004
Completed 12th ISC Board
April 2001 to March 2002
Completed 10th ICSE Board

August 2107 to August 2018
Certification on Human Resource Shared Services
SHRM- Society for Human Resource Management









Core Competencies : 

Ability to strategize key initiatives and follow through with flawless execution

Idea orientation with a flair for innovative and practical HR solutions
Systems and process orientation to deliver employee experience

Ability to mentor a team and work in a complex multi – tasking and highly ambiguous work environment

Key Skills : 
Conversant with HR instruments such as MBTI, Career Anchors, Learning Styles, Decision Styles and Influencing Styles.. 

Workforce Planning, Selection, PMS , capability building, onboarding, exit management, performance discussion and developmental plan creation












Key Projects & Accolades
Exit Process online (November-2016): A drive to give best experience to ex-employees with proper initiative towards there release letters and FNF settlement.

Confirmation Process online September 2016): A drive to create an impact for employee satisfaction and experience with the organization. 

Positions of Responsibility @ School & PG Level
· Sports Captain, & Class monitor Sister Nivedita, 2000 – 2002

· Sports captain, Class Monitor, School council member,
       Yellow house captain. St. Francis Xavier, (Saltlake) Kolkata
       Vise Captain- Cricket Association of Bengal School Level.
       U-19-(2002 – 2004)

· Captain for Cricket team- (AIMS- Bangalore).2009-2011








Personal Details: 
DOB : 5th Sept, 1983
Languages Known : English, Hindi, Bengali 
Marital Status : Married
Interests: Sports,Music
Enthusiast. Playing and watching Cricket,football.








Signature:-



Date






