


















































CURRICULAM VITAE

Kavitha.N
Mobile:  +91- 7259207261
E-mail:  kavithakavi716@gmail.com					
	

OBJECTIVE:

Seeking a position in an Organization to utilize my accounting, administrative skills and abilities and achieve professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible. 
To add valuable assets to your esteemed organization as an active member.

EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS:	

	Courses
	Name Of Institution
	University
	Year

	
B.COM
	
A.P.S college, Bangalore
	
Bangalore
University
	
2014


	
PUC
	
 APS PU College, Bangalore
	
Karnataka State Board
University
	
2011

	
S.S.L.C
	
Shree V.S.K High school, Bangalore

	
KSSEB
	
2009




STRENGTHS:
· Positive Attitude.
· Ability to deliver well organized data analysis through error free reporting.
· Detail oriented, innovative and analytical decision making skills.
· Adept in learning new systems.
· Ability to drive high productivity & sustained performance.

Computer Skill :
· Operating systems   : Windows 95/98/2000/XP/2007& latest OS
· Packages                  : Ms-Office, Ms Word, Ms Excel, Ms Access, Tally.
· Type writing            : Medium 
WORK EXPERIENCE:	
Hinduja Global Solutions Pvt Ltd, Bangalore As A Senior Claim Processing Executive , 2yr 10 Months.
Cognizant Technologies Solutions, Bangalore As A Senior Processing Executive,10 Months

Job Title: Senior Processing Executive.
	
Job Responsibilities:
· Metavence Professional Claim processing 
· Claim pricing using CIS PRO, Argus application posting other currier benefits.
· Health Claim Processing with 100% quality.
· Adjusting a claim, Pg claim processing.
· Adjusted and corrected claims based on provider instruction.
· Using applications like Citrix, MTV Screen,EFR, and excel to process claims and maintain required reports.
· Mainting the Provider information, & Details regarding the provider specializations, etc..
· And Maintenance Overall about physician/Providers of US through analyzing the reports, and adding the missing related information’s as per the Report.
 

Additional Responsibilities: 
· Trained new joiners and cross functional resources on the process and ensured good process 
knowledge.

Awards and Achievements:

· Deserved appreciation mails from the LOB’s, TL and Manager for my quick turn-around in 
resolving the queries and managing various tasks for the team.
· Received  2 best buddy Awards.
· And also awarded with 1 Ace Of Rookies award.

PERSONAL PROFILE:

Name:	Kavitha.N

Father’s Name:	Nanjaiah.K (LATE)

Mothers Name:	Saroja

Date of birth:	31/11/1993

Address:	New# 66/3 old# 23/1,13th MN 8th CRS
		Hanumanthnagar, Bangalore-560050

Marital Status:	Single

Hobbies:	Listening music, watching movies &Travelling	

Nationality:	 Indian

Languages known: 	English, Kannada, Telugu & Hindi	

DECLARATION:
	
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. If given an opportunity, I would prove myself to the best of my abilities.

Thanking You,

Place : Bangalore.
Date: 
                               Yours Faithfully,                   	
                                                                                                             (Kavitha Nanjaiah)
									
