










































Aju. A 
E-mail ID: aju.kumar92@gmail.com     
Mobile   :  +91-9790942153 

  
 
Carrier Objective: 

                  

                 To learn and function effectively in an organization and be able to deliver to 
bottom-line. To constantly upgrade my knowledge and skills and make a difference in 
whatever I do. 

 

Current Employment: 

 

Infosys BPM LTD      February’ 2015 – Till Date  

 

 

As “Accountant – General Ledger (R2R) Accounting” February’ 2015 till date. 
 

 

Profile Includes: 

 

❑ Performing in Month end financial closing (MEC) process & Yearend financial 

closing process (YEC). 

❑ Reconciliation of Intercompany accounts. 

❑ Preparing BSAR (Balance Sheet Accounting Reconciliation) to justify the GL 

balance with proper or standard supporting. 

❑ Open item managed GL clearance (F-03) 

❑ Forex Revaluation (F.05) 

❑ Cycle run for both profit center and Cost center. 

❑ Posting Recurring entries like Payroll ,accruals and provisions etc.(FB50) 

❑ Reclassify all kind of accounting errors like Functional Area errors, Trading Partner 

errors, Profit Center errors, Transaction type errors and Validation errors. (ZBCS003 

– Compliance monitor screen) 

❑ Ensure all the accounts are correct and should report after the book close for the 

particular period. 

❑ Ensure everything is correctly uploaded in BCS (Business Consolidation System) 

tool with true and fair value and without any errors. 

❑ Process of Manual Adjustment in BCS if we have any errors. 

❑ Preparing ICS (Internal control standard) to check sub-ledger and general ledger 

mismatch, F.05 (Forex revaluation) balance and revaluation GL mismatch, BCS VS 

SAP mismatch. 

 



 

Accounting Skills: 

  

➢ Performed month-end activities such as recording journal entries, BSAR, BRS and 
account analysis.  

➢ Responsible for complex interaction with clients.  

➢ Ability to identify and correct any minor or major mistakes in accounts.  

➢ Inspect account books and accounting systems to keep up to date.  

 

 

Projects Involved: 

 

❖ Participated in UAT Migration projects. 

❖ Participated in Black line MJV Tool Implementation project. 

 

Performance Awards 

• Achieved Infosys Star performer of the year 2016 

• Spot award for best performance. 

• Achieved great individual contribution form client for the year 2018.  

 

  

Educational Qualification: 
 

 

Qualification & Year Institute University/Board Percentage 

 

B.COM General (2011-

2014) 

  

Loyola college  

 

 

 

     Autonomous 

 

     55% 

 

12th HSC (2010-2011) 
 

 

      Kerala Vidyalayam     

Higher Secondary School 

 

 

     State board 

 

     67% 

 

10th SSLC (2008-2009)  

 

 

      Kerala Vidyalayam 

Higher Secondary School 

 

 

      State board 

 

      69% 

 



 

 

Core Competencies / Other Qualification: 
 

➢ Knowledge in Tally. 

➢ Knowledge in MS-Office. 

➢ Knowledge in SAP (End User). 

 

 

Key Strengths: 
 

➢ Quick Learner and Effective Team Co-ordination. 

➢ Open in Sharing the Knowledge. 

➢ Flexible to work in shifts and long hours. 

 

 

 

Personal Profile: 

 

Date of birth  : 30th November 

Father’s name  : N.Ajaya Kumar 

Mother’s name  : Rema.A 

Language Proficiency : English, Malayalam & Tamil                 

Marital Status                   :            Single 

Address    : No: 20/57 Chetty Street Ayanavaram, Chennai - 600023 

 

 

 

Declaration: 

 

I hereby declare that the particulars furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge.  

 

Place      : Chennai                    Yours Sincerely,   

Date       :                                                                                                             (Aju. A) 
 

 


