



























































Pramod Narayan Lolage.
Flat no 1, Sutar Building,
Near Shivaji Statue, Kothrud, Mob. +91-9764851524
Pune-411038. E-mail : pramod.n.lolage@gmail.com

Career Goal:
Seeking the position of a MSBI Developer to contribute my technical knowledge in Data mart,
OLAP cube, MS-SQL, MySQL, T-SQL, SSRS and SSIS and help in organizational and personal
growth and development.

Profile Synopsis:
Having total 2 years 10 months of experience as a Software Engineer. Quick learner and
enjoys being a part of a successful and productive team as well possess a strong ability to
perform individually.

Profile Overview:
 Master in Computer Applications with having 2 years 10 months of experience in SQL

Server 2008r2/2012, SQL, ETL, SSRS and SSIS.
 Have knowledge on database like SQL SERVER, MySQL and tools as SSIS and SSRS.
 Experience of Store Procedures to User Defined Functions which formed part of a data

warehouse, creating considerable number of User Defined Functions which were
required for the data warehouse.

 Work experience in SQL report generation and Database performance tuning.
 Worked on writing SQL queries/scripts & creation of SSIS Packages for data extraction.
 Able to do view building, element mapping, extract & generating various reports.
 Worked on Store procedure scripting, database mail configuration.
 Good communication, collaboration & interpersonal skills.
 Having knowledge of Health care domain.

Technical Skills:
Having knowledge of SQL Database and BI tools:

MS SQL,
MySQL,
Oracle,
SSRS, SSIS

Knowledge of utilizing programming languages:
T-SQL, PL/SQL

Immense capabilities to:
Comprehend huge normalized databases and data marts.



Professional Experience:
Software Engineer(ETL Developer)
FIGmd India Pvt. Ltd.(Previously Savy Software Pvt. Ltd.)

June 2015-Present
Pune, MH

To understand the requirement document and mapping given.
Work as SSIS developer and build required packages to extract data from Excel and
database.
Configure and deploy SSIS packages on server.
Maintain and support packages created.
Create and modify documentation required.
Provide report as per client requirement.

Qualifications:
Master in Computer Application (2012-2015) from Institute of Management & Career
Courses, Pune (Pune Univesity) with 62% aggregate.

Achievements:
Achieved ‘On the Spot’ award for contribution in various task from current company for
Feb-2017.

Personal Details:

Nationality : Indian.
Date of Birth : 10/06/1990.

I hereby declare that all the information provided by me in this application is correct to the
best of my knowledge and belief.

Place:
Date: PRAMOD NARAYAN LOLAGE.


