

















































Sivaprakash

                                                                     Mohammed Hakkim.M  


	I.T. Professional – Software Engineer
	      M.s.c., B.Sc.-IT

	Mobile:  9486534363  E-mail: mail2hakkim82@gmail.com
	

	Qualified IT professional with 6+ years of experience in reputed IT organization. Also an Microsoft Technology Specialist with developed expertise in developing applications both from front-end and back-end.  Highly skilled in SQL Server programming with a knowledge in Stored Procedure. Strong sense of aesthetics and attention to detail. Demonstrated ability to multitask, set priorities and work independently in a demanding and high-pressure IT environment. Well-organized team lead and a team player with strong communication, planning, analytical, problem solving, and time management skills.   


	Strengths


	

	· Skilled in Service oriented & N-Tier Architecture
	· Self-starter-quick learner-energetic team player

	· Familiar with SQL Server 2008
	· Holds master degree in computer science

	· Performs excellently under work pressure 
	

	
	


	Qualifications
	

	

	Master of Science(Computer Science),Alagappa University-Karaikudi, (2007– 2009),
68.70% - Alagappa University 

Bachelor of Science (Information Technology), APSA College – Thiruppatur, (2003 – 2006) 
64.36% - Alagappa University 



	IT Proficiency
	


	Web Technology
	:
	ASP.Net,C#

	Databases
	:
	SQL Server 2008 R2

	Design Language
	:
	HTML,CSS,Jquery

	Client Side Language
	:
	JavaScript

	Web Server
	: 
	IIS 6.0

	
	
	


	Experience Snapshot
	


	Sr.Software Engineer,  ABA Technology Services, Chennai, India

Sr.Software Engineer, MM IT Vision, Chennai, India
Software Engineer,      Teledata Marine Solutions, Chennai, India 


	Aug 2015 – Present

Aug 2014 – Aug 2015

Jul 2012 – Jul 2014

	
	

	
	


	Projects Handled
	

	· SCM (Product). Survey and Certificate Management can provide Ship Organization to fulfill the requirement of Ship survey and ISM/ISPS audit for safe and continuous floating of their ship. Requesting from Company to capture statuary and cc (Class Certificates) Information across the vessel. Surveyor can access the SCM scheduler to requested Survey to its representative (those who applied online or added by SCM).
       Client: NU Singapore/ Team Size: 2 / Front End Tool: Asp.net 4.0/ 
       Backend Database: SQL Server 2008 R2

      Period : Sep 2017 – Till
  Responsible Modules:  Process, Master,  User Access, Administration, Certificate Template, Framework, Review Request / Approve, Survey Request & issue Certificate, Dashboard, Reports, Design(UI).
· Ship Expert Enterprises (Product). Ship Expert Enterprises is a range of integrated ship maintenance and management software designed to streamline the management of vessels. This comprehensive solution is made up of individual modules that provide seamless information and integration between ship and shore for Administration, Inventory, Planned Maintenance, Standard Forms, Voyage Performance, Safety and Security, Repair Management, Commercial, TMSA, Dry Dock, Risk Management, Document Management System, Budget and Accounting, Fleet Personal Management, Data Transfer, Reports, Dashboard. 
Client: Nathalin,Neom,Noah,Honglam/ Team Size: 9 / Front End Tool: Asp.net 4.0/ 
Backend Database: SQL Server 2008

      Period : Aug 2015 – Aug 2017
       Responsible Modules: Document Management System, Notification, Purchase, Administration, Planned Maintenance System, Framework. 

· Cargo Stowage Planner (Project). Cargo Stowage Planner is a small project for Stowage Planner that provides a platform for Predictive Analysis and Decision Support, and addresses the operational needs of Commercial Managers, Technical Managers and Ship Staff.
Client: Oldendrof/ Team Size: 2 / Front End Tool: Asp.net 4.0/ 
Backend Database: SQL Server 2008 R2

Period : Oct 2014 – Aug 2015
     Responsible Modules:   Voyage Planner, Intake Calculator, Final Stowage Plan, Support Bug  Fixing and doing Enhancement and creating related reports .
· IBS (Project). Isthmus Bureau of Shipping (IBS) can provide several types of services that facilitate the owner / manager to fulfill the requirement of class survey and ISM – audit for safe and continuous floating of their ship. It can provide with statutory and class certificates information’s required for various types of vessel on request from the owner/manager or the representative. IBS schedules the requested survey to its representative, who in turn assigns it to their surveyors, who are added by the 
   representative or assigned to (those who applied online or added by IBS) him by IBS.
Client: Isthmus Bureau of Shipping(Panama)/ Team Size: 3 / Front End Tool: Asp.net 4.0/ 
Backend Database: SQL Server 2008 R2

Period : Oct 2013 – Sep 2014
     Responsible Modules: Company, Vessel, User, User Access, Administration, Certificate Template, Framework, Class Survey, Statutory Survey, Dashboard, Reports.


	

	Personal Details
	


	Name

Father`s Name
Nationality
	:

:
:


	Mohammed Hakkim.M

Mohammed Sulthan.M

Indian


	Date of Birth

	:
	10 May 1986

	Marital Status

	:
	Married

	Languages

	:
	English & Tamil 

	PAN Card No 

	:
	BAZPM4986M

	Passport No

	:
	P2498027


	Address
	:
	1/1246, Dharmapoopathi Street, 
Periyar Nagar, Vellakal, Medavakkam,
Chennai – 600 100.


	Permanent Address
	:
	13, Kallal Main Road, 
Chockanathapuram – 630 313,
Sivaganga Dist, TamilNadu.


Official Mail id      : mohammedhakkimm@abatech-services.in
Notice Period       : 09 Days

Last Working Day: 19-Sep-2018
Professional Resume of Mohammed Hakkim.M                                                 Page 3 of 3

