














































 

 

  

 
  

 

 

 

  
 

 Looking ahead for a bright start over in a challenging environment. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

Programming: SQL queries, UNIX basics.  

Web Designing Languages: HTML, XML 
 

Database: Oracle, MS Access 
 

Operating System: Windows 10, 8.1/ 7/ XP, Mac OS, Chrome OS 

Software: RUP (Case tools), Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Flash, MS Office Suite 2013, Secure Shell, Putty. 
 

 Knowledge of control-M and BMC remedy and fixing production issues through SQL queries and 

UNIX commands. 

 Ability to perform testing, creation and execution of test cases. 

 Excellence in handling complete Operating System, Performing diagnostics to any problem occurs. 

 Ability to perform system formatting and OS changing and Partitioning. 

OBJECTIVE 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION 

R. Sankaranarayanan 
No. 21/1, Flat F2, First Floor,                  
Akilandeswari Nagar, T. V. Koil,                                         

Trichy- 620 005 

E-mail : sankar.harry@gmail.com 

Mobile:  9600738106 

 

 

    2012 – 2014  Master of Computer Application        75.4 % 

Sastra University, Tanjore. 

 

    2009 – 2012             Bachelor of Computer Application,                                        79.9 % 

                                                Bishop Heber College, Trichy. 

 
    2008 – 2009                        Higher Secondary Education (HSC)       65.5 % 

The Higher Secondary School for Boys, Srirangam. 

 
 

    2006 – 2007                        Secondary School of Education, (SSLC)               78.2 % 

                                                The Higher Secondary School for Boys, Srirangam. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

KEY SKILLS 

mailto:sankar.harry@gmail.com


 

 

Company: City Union Bank Limited – Computer Systems Department, Chennai. 

Experience:  November 2014 – Present (3 Years) - Currently Working 

Role: Senior Associate   

Functional Area: Production Support, Testing, Data Centre Support, RTGS/NEFT Backed Process.                                     

Nature of work: 

 To ensure all the production services are running and available for CBS functionality for day to 

day process. 

 Extracting data from database with the help of putty and secure shell to login into database for 

various data verification purpose using SQL queries and UNIX commands. 

 Modification of production data in database that cannot be modified through frontend application.  

 Running day end process as a part of EOD task in production and test servers on daily basis.  

 Testing the frontend CBS application with various test cases when new components and patches 

are moved into production server. 

 To monitor and ensure all the services are running for NEFT and RTGS backend process to push 

and receive the Outward and Inward NEFT/RTGS messages from RBI end. 

 To find the cause of NEFT/RTGS message failures from customer and branch end and providing 

proper guidance for reversal and rectification of failure messages. 

 Pointing the Production servers from DC to DR site on crisis and conducting DR drill process on 

month’s basis. 

 To monitor and call log server issues from Data center for all production and test servers.  

 

 

      Company  :    VIT Consultancy Pvt Ltd, Ascendas IT Park, Chennai. 

      Duration :    December 2013 – April 2014   

      Project :    Ezytrak (Live Project) 

      Responsibility: Testing & UI Designing 

      Description:  

 Easier tracking of logistics operations, Ezytrak application enables the user to effectively use the 

application for the consignment related activities by performing tracking and tracing of the location 

of the consignments.  

WORK EXPERIENCE 

 

INTERNSHIP 



 

 

 

Date of Birth  :   29th Nov 1991 

Gender  :   Male 

Father’s Name :   P. k. Ramakrishnan (Late) 

Nationality  :   Indian 

Marital Status :   Single 

Religion  :   Hindu 

Language  :   Tamil, English 

 

 

 
 I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the 

responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars. 

 

 
 

Place:  Chennai                                                                                     (R. Sankaranarayanan) 

PERSONAL PROFILE 

DECLARATION 


