


















































Employee Resume

	Deena P Daniel

Mob: 8861087185
Email: deenapd@gmail.com


	
	                             Bethel House, #49, Bhagya Layout, Anandapuram,
                             T.C.Palya, Banglore - 560036

	Languages

English,Kannada,Malayalam,
Tamil,Hindi
Key Skills and Knowledge 
· Language Skills
C#.NET, VB.Net

· Web Technologies
 ASP.Net , HTML, XML, Java Script,
JQuery,

AJAX, WCF, Web Services, ASP.NET
Handler
· Packages


Visual Studio.Net 2008/2010
· RDBMS


 MS-SQL Server 2000/2005/2008

· Knowledge on
               OOP’s concept
Domain Expertise & Solutions
Health Care

	
	Objective

To continuously add value to myself as well as my organization as a techno functional consultant and also as a sincere employee, continuously contributing to the profits, ethics, reputations, brand name and values of my organization and its customers. I want to contribute significantly to technologies that make the world better place to live

Professional Summary
· 4  years of experience in .NET Application development

· Proficient in Web & Based Application Development with .NET (ASP.Net, VB.Net,C#.Net),WCF ,LINQ
· Proficient in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Asp.Net Handlers, WCF
· Knowledge in Databases – SQL Server2000/2005/2008.

· Proficient in Stored Procedures, Triggers, etc.
· Ability to grasp new technology and tools quickly.

· Excellent analytical, communication and critical thinking abilities.
Professional Experience 
Project # 1 VitalAxis(LIS)
·   Duration

                   :  May 2014 – till date
·   Technical Environment     : ASP.NET, C#.NET, WCF, ADO.NET, JQuery, AJAX

·    Role                                     : Independently handling developement & support
·    Responsibility                    : Designing, Coding, Debugging and Maintenance of Module
VitalAxis is a web-hosted application designed to help organizations receive anatomic pathology laboratory specimens.LIS is a course of software which is used by VitalAxis which receives processes and stores information on medical records of a patient. There are mainly two places where a patient’s medical record is received and processed accordingly which are Hospitals & Laboratories.
Project # 2 VitalOffice
·   Duration

                   : February /2014 – May /14 
·   Technical Environment     : .NET, C#.NET, WCF, ADO.NET, JQuery, AJAX
·    Role                                     : Independently handling developement & support
·    Responsibility                    : Designing, Coding, Debugging and Maintenance of Module
VitalOffice is a web based lab ordering platform for iPad and Android tablets. VitalOffice helps medical staff to order laboratory tests and view lab results from anywhere, 24‐hours a day. This application is available for all users of a practice to fill-out the electronic Requisition form, convert the requisitions into an Order & send specimen to the lab, track the progress of the order and finally, receive the Lab Result reports.

Project # 3  VitalAdmin 
·   Duration

                   : November /2013 – February /2014
·   Technical Environment     : HTML, CSS, Jquery, ASP.NET, C# 
·    Role                                     : Independently handling developement & support
·    Responsibility                    : Designing, Coding, Debugging and Maintenance of Module
The application was initially developed to provide centralized control for all the VitalAxis application and accessorial like VitalBridge, VitalDesktop and Integration Services.

Project # 4 Location Based Social Networking Site - Greedy Wolf
·   Duration

                    : June  /2013 – October /2013
·   Technical Environment     : PHP 5.2, My SQL, HTML, AJAX
·    Role                                     : Independently handling developement & support
·    Responsibility                    : Designing, Coding, Debugging and Maintenance of Module
The project aims at providing a social networking site to users to communicate with people, share ideas, activities, events, and interests within their individual networks. Geo-positioning is major features that make use of Google Map API and interfaces in locating exact position of user, office, etc. This social networking website challenges to give a better socializing and advertising system at the same place.
Employment History

· Working as Software Engineer (Level E4) in Starmark Software Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore from November 2013 to till date.
· Worked as a Intern( PHP Develper) in Tech Squirrel, Bangalore  from June 2013  to October 2013
Education  Include High School or greater
· MCA from Jyoti Nivas College(Autonomous) with 82% - 2013 pass out
· Graduated from St. Joseph’s Arts and Science College (BSc Computer Science) with 80% - 2010 pass out
· PU Board with 73% - 2007 pass out
· Indian Certificate of Secondary Education with 71% - 2005 pass out 
Personal Minutiae

·    Date Of Birth            : 4th March, 1989
·    Status                        : Single
·    Strengths                   : Confident, Flexible, Independent, Adaptable


	
	
	


