














































                                                              
                                                                         
                                                                              

                                                      

Awani Pandit 

124 MR5 Mahalakshmi Nagar, 

Near Vedant School, Indore (M.P.) 

Email: awani.pandit@yahoo.com 

Contact No.: 8976670072    

 

 

Career Objective 

 To establish a career which offers challenges, growth opportunities, enrich skills 
and knowledge while contributing my best towards the growth of the organization. 

 To join an organization that will recognize and utilize my skills fully and offer me 
a position requiring innovative and creative ideas where continuous growth and 

learning are a way of life. 
 

Educational Qualification 

 

Class Division University/Board Percent% 
10th First CBSE 72% 

12th First CBSE 77.2% 

1st Year First DAVV 68.2% 

2nd Year First DAVV 68.2% 

3rd Year First DAVV 68.9% 

MBA (HR) First SCDL Degree Awaited* 

* Passed all the exams 

 

Work Experience 
 

1) Customer Service Executive, Amazon.com (since May 2018) 

Roles and Responsibilities 

● Confer with customers by telephone to provide information about products and services, 

confirm orders, cancel accounts, or obtain details of complaints. 

● Check to ensure that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems. 

● Contact customers to respond to inquiries or to notify them of claim investigation results 

or any planned adjustments. 

● Resolve customers' service or billing complaints by performing activities such as 

exchanging  

             Merchandise, refunding money, or adjusting bills. 

● Handling all the queries of the customers regarding the products and services. 



                                                              
                                                                         
                                                                              

                                                      

2) Manager, V Services 

Roles and Responsibilities 

● Manage production and quality standards by reviewing daily reports and motivating 

employees. 

● Reviewing and approving daily reports prepared by team members. 

● Organize and coordinate office Management and procedures. 

● Preparing salary sheet and maintaining attendance of all the employees. 

● Scheduling Meetings and Appointments. 

● Assist in hiring new employees. 

● Assigning and monitoring clerical functions. 

● Reviewing and maintaining office supply. 

3) Freelance Social Media Manager, A Big Consultancy,New Jersey 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

● Overall Management of the activities of the Company on all Social Media Platforms. 

● Handling promotional Activities on social media. 

● Addressing queries related to business of potential customers of the Company. 

● Develop relevant content topics to reach the company's target customers. 

● Create and manage all published content (images, video and written) on all Social Media 

Platforms. 

 

Personal Details 
      Father's Name: Upendra Pandit 

      Date of birth: 15th May 1988 

      Hobbies: Singing,Travelling,Music 

 

Candidate Declaration 
    I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and 

belief. 

 

                                                                                                                                   

  

 Indore                                                                                                                        Awani Pandit 

  24th September,2018                                                                                                                                   

 
 

 
  


