














































 
 

P Kavitha 
kavithareddys77@gmail.com 

(+91) 7093230395 

 

OBJECTIVE 
To associate with a progressive company to contribute my knowledge, skills and ability for growth of company that 
offers security and professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.  
 

EDUCATION 
 B.Tech(Computer Science and Engineering) [2012-2016] in Adithya College of Engineering, Madanapalle 

 Intermediate (MPC) [2010 – 2012] in Sri Siddhartha Jr college, Madanapalle 

 SSC in Gnanodaya E.M School (2009 – 10), Madanapalle 

 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 

 Working as a Associate Software Developer in Softabode Technologies Private Ltd Bangalore from July 2016 

to till date. 

PROFILE SUMMARY 
 

 Having 2.2 years of Industry experience in developing Web-based applications using JAVA/J2EE Technologies 
with specialized in SpringFramework.  

 Able to grasp the existing architecture and schemas of the system so as to debug the application related 
issues and to provide a simplest & smartest solution on time. 

 Capable of managing multiple projects simultaneously. 

 Good team player with excellent communication, analytical skills and strong attitude towards learning new 
technologies. 

 Open, flexible and extremely dedicated. 

 Ability to learn, master new technologies and to deliver the outputs in short deadlines.  
 Objective is to establish high standard of performance by development of software and   personal skill to 

contribute effectively to the cause of the organization with honesty.  
 

 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 

 

Languages              :   Java,J2EE 
Frameworks             :  Spring  
Web Technologies                           :   Servlets , JSP, Java Script, HTML  
Web Server /Application Server      :  Tomcat 
IDE                             :   Eclipse  
Database               :   Oracle, MySql 
Version Control Tool             :   SVN 

 

  



 
 
 

CURRENT PROJECT  
Name   :   Omni-One EHR 

Client     : GE, US. 

Role     : Developer 

Technologies   : Core Java,  Servlets,  JSP, Struts, JDBC ,Oracle. 

IDE/Servers                 :             Eclipse/Tomcat 

 

Description: 

Omni-One is a single page web based E.H.R. (Electronic health record) solution which is developed using latest 

cutting-edge technologies. Omni-one is capable of scheduling Appointments with patients, capturing patient 

details, doing clinical charting, sending E-Prescriptions to pharmacies, checking eligibility of patient’s insurance 

and generating different types of report like E&M, MU, CQM, Visit reports, lab/radiology, prescriptions etc. 

Omni-one is also using new generation technologies like Machine Learning, Speech recognition, NLP and CDSS.    

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Involved in Coding.   

 Implementing the BR’S according to the client requirement.  
 As a team member I am responsible for planning to complete the requirements   before the scheduling time.  

 Involved in Unit testing for every BR in the project. 
 Involved in Integration Testing. 
 Written java docs for the developed java code. 

 

PREVIOUS PROJECT  
Name   :   Automation POM Framework   

Client     : RMGA, UK. 

Role     : Tester 

Technologies   : Spring IOC, Spring JDBC, JSF, Core Java 

IDE/Servers                 :             Eclipse 

 

Description: 

An existing framework is tightly coupled into Application utility class, this new framework will be loosely coupled and 

implementing spring IOC for dependency injection, spring JDBC for Persistence, DAO and model class for Data access, 

Row Mapper class for to map Application dependent table columns. Easy to implement and maintain. Implemented 

helper class to calculated method Execution time and pre-checker class to check required resources before start 

framework. Logging Exception and Error message into log files.  Implemented to generate HTML report for test suite 

result. Framework notify report summary and report link to user.  

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Good understanding of functional requirement and implementation.  

 Analyzing and Fixing the Peaks by developing the code. 
 Writing the Test Cases . 

 Running the Regression Testing. 
 As a team member I am responsible for planning to complete the requirements before the scheduling time 



 
 

PERSONAL PROFILE 
 

Name    :  P.Kavitha 
Date of birth   :   06-09-1994 
Marital Status   :   Single 

    Nationality   :  India 

    Contact Address  :  Peyalavaripalle, Kosuvaripalle, thamballapalle 

                      Chittoor, Andharapradesh, PIN: 517325 

 

 

DECLARATION 
 

I do here by confirm that the information provided above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.  

 

 

Place:  Bangalore                                                            P.Kavitha 


