









































RAHUL AGARWAL 
Business Consulting Sr. Consultant – SAP BI 

Contact No: (+91)9884944994 

Email Id: rahul06.bansal@gmail.com 

 

Professional Summary 

 SAP BI/BW Consultant with 3+ years of professional experience, involved in 
Implementation and Support Projects. 

 Worked on automating activities in BW support to reduce manual efforts. 

 Involved in Data Modelling, Data Extraction, Data Loading, Scheduling, Monitoring, 
Reporting and Performance Tuning. 

 Worked on Query Designer, BEx Analyzer, AAO reports. 

 Involved in creating Infocubes, DSOs, PSA, Multiproviders, Infoobjects, Data Sources, 
and Info Packages, Transformations, Process Chains, Queries, BEx and AAO reports. 

 Worked on optimizing data loading as well as improving the query performance 
using Rollup, Indexing, Compression. 

 Having basic knowledge in Business Objects(BO) and ABAP. 
 

Employment Details 

Currently working in NTT DATA Global Delivery Services Pvt. Ltd. at Chennai as Business 
Consulting Sr. Consultant – SAP BI from October 2014 to till date. 
 

Project Details 

 

Project 3: 

Client Honeywell PMT 

Project Type Support 

Duration Dec’15 to Till Date 

Project Name Honeywell Enterprise Support 

 

Honeywell Performance Materials and Technologies (PMT) is a global leader in 
designing and creating high-purity, high-quality performance chemicals and 
materials and software-based systems to safely and efficiently operate complex 
industrial facilities. 

 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Involved in Monitoring of daily, weekly, monthly data loads using Process chains. 

 Extensively involved in solving breakfix, enhancements incidents raised by the users. 

 Actively involved in fixing monitoring issues and failures. 

 Worked on automating the manual activities and manual processes for day to day 
activities. 

 Worked on automating the broadcasts sent to the users. 

 Involved in one to one interaction with the clients related to issues and fix. 

 Involved in monitoring of data loads from various source system and fixing the 
failures. 



 Worked extensively in process chain, DTPs, infopackage creation to automate the 
data loads. 

 Debugging of code to find the issues and implementing the fix.  

 Involved in creating queries using formulas, CKFs, RKFs, filters, free characteristics, 
exceptions, customer exits. 

 Populated various data targets like Infoobjects, DSO, Infocubes using flat file via PSA. 

 Created and enhanced Infocubes, DSOs, Multiproviders. 

 Involved in creating BEx and AAO reports. 

 Involved in maintaining, updating, modifying hierarchies. 

 Created infopackages and DTPs as Full and Delta updates. 

 Editing the erroneous records in ERROR stack and updated the records using Error 
DTP. 

 Created and enhanced transformations as well as worked on Start Routines, End 
Routines, Field Routines. 

 Involved in solving support tickets related to SD, MM, FI flow. 

 Involved in extracting data from SAP R/3 using LO Extractors. 

 Worked on enhancing, modifying BO reports. Also worked on scheduling of BO 
reports. 

 Single point of contact for issues related to Sales Adhoc, Sales and Finance 
Dashboard in support. 

 Extensively worked on system outage activities. Performed pre and post activities 
related to different systems. 

 Worked on automating various support activities in order to reduce manual efforts. 
 

Project 2: 

Client Honeywell PMT 

Project Type Implementation 

Duration Sep’15 to Nov’15 

Project Name Sales Adhoc Phase II 

 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 This project is the 2
nd

 phase of Sales Adhoc I. The project was done for new 
businesses which were not a part of Phase I. 

 Gathered requirements from customers and involved in the discussion of data flow 
setup for the businesses. 

 Created BW objects such as Infocubes, DSOs, Multiproviders. 

 Created BEx queries as well as BEx and AAO reports. 

 Created various transformations and their corresponding routines. 

 Created DTPs, Infopackages, process chains and automated the data load structure 
from fetching data from source to target. 

 Tested and validated the data between BW and source system. 
 

 

 

 

 



Project 1: 

Client Honeywell PMT 

Project Type Implementation 

Duration Jan’15 to Aug’15 

Project Name Sales Adhoc Phase I 

 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 The project was implemented to retire the essbase tool and send output directly to 
the users. 

 Participated in gathering requirements from customers and onshore team. 

 Involved in designing of Infocubes, DSOs, Multiproviders. 

 Created BEx queries as per the requirements given. 

 Extensively worked on creating reports in BEx Analyzer and AAO. 

 Worked on transformations including field routine, start routine, end routines. 

 Involved in transport of objects from development to quality. 

 Created DTPs and involved in loading data from source to respective targets. 

 Created process chains to fully automate the process of extracting data from source 
and loading it to targets. 

 Tested and validated the data between BW and source system. 

 Actively involved in analyzing and fixing issues related to data mismatch, exchange 
rates in the project. 

 

Additional Responsibilities: 

 Transports review and approval for the newly developed objects by development 
and support team. 

 Peer review for support and development objects. 

 Providing knowledge transfer and training to the new joiners on operating 
procedures of development and support. 

 Creating statistical documents for ticket status for weekly and monthly reports. 

 Provided Knowledge Transfer for the projects handled to support team. 

 Verifying the system thoroughly post outage activities by doing smoke testing. 

 

Educational Qualifications: 

 B.Tech with specialization in Computer Science and Engineering from Kalinga 
Institute of Industrial Technology, Bhubaneswar with an aggregate of 81.8 in 2014. 

 Intermediate education(XII) from East West Model School, West Bengal with a 
percentage of 71.71 in 2010. 

 Secondary education(X) from Holy Rock School, West Bengal with a percentage of 76 
in 2008. 

 

 
 
 


