




























































Sayli Vijay Kothawade 
Email: - kothawadesayli@gmail.com
Phone: - 8452059155

OBJECTIVE

Intend to build career with leading corporate of hi-teach environment with committed &dedicated people who will help me to explore myself fully & realize my potential. Willing to work as a key player in challenging & creative environment.


WORK EXPERIENCE

STATE STREET SYNTEL SERVICES PVT LTD			March’2016 till date

Current Roles:-

Designation	:  Associate
Vertical           :  Fund Accounting 
Process	 	:  Income process
Sub Process	:  UK ( Poland )

Team: Fund Accounting 


· Performing supervisor checks to ensure accuracy and to meet deadlines.

·    Team member of Income Team- Indian Fund Accounting operations (IFAO). Verifying the income recorded by Custody and recording it in Accounting. Accounting the Income of Poland clients – Dividend, interest, coupon payment and accrue in the fund on daily, weekly and monthly basis.

· Keep day to day track on flow of fund and its impact on NAV calculation.

· Booking the interest line on integrated banking system.
           
· To verify the Interest accrued on day to day basis as per the Coupon rate mentioned on Bloomberg site. To verify the amortization of Funds on Day to day basis in Accrual Macro.
            Querying the client if the flow of income is not proper and keep track on its feedback.

· Handling the queries and additional requirement requested by the Clients.
           Communicating with the clients on queries while interpreting the income.
           Working on MCH software, Income Tracker, Bloomberg, Excel.
· Tanning and supporting new joiners in terms of process knowledge.



Achivements: 
· Appreciation from manager.
· Promoted in 9 months - officer to associate
· Receiving Syntel value award ( Leadership award )

ACADEMIC CREDENTIAL 
	EXAMINATION
	YEAR
	BOARD/ 
UNIVERSITY
	COLLAGE/ 
SCHOOL 
	CLASS

	M.com 
	March-2017
	Mumbai University
	Birla college of arts, science and commerce 
	First class with distinction 

	B.com
	February-2015
	Mumbai university
	Birla College of Arts,
Science, Commerce 
	First class with distinction 

	H.S.C
	March- 2012
	Mumbai university
	Birla College of Arts,
Science, Commerce 
	First class 



COMPUTER SKILLS
 Basics - MS Office XP (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) MS-CIT, Tally    
 MCH (Multicurrency Horizon)
 Bloomberg
PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth		: 1st July 1995
Nationality		: Indian
Gender 		: Female
Interest	   : Baking cakes, playing guitar
Languages Known 	: English, Hindi and Marathi

CERTIFICATIONS 

· Completed Tally 9.0 . 

STRENGTHS

· I am a quick learner and a great Team player.
· Ability to work either independently little supervision or as team member to achieve business goal.
· Flexible enough to adapt new concept & responsibility in all field work.
· Ability to deal with people diplomatically.
INTEREST
Playing guitar , Listing music , baking cakes.
DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the above information furnished by me is correct & true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Mumbai														
Date:												Sayli Kothawade.
		


Information Classification: Limited Access

Information Classification: Limited Access

