























































   Mobile No.: 09833001876











08097594126

      
E-Mail Id:- r.dhamapurkar@rediffmail.com
                                   RAVINDRA  D.  DHAMAPURKAR.
1/1, Abdul Jabbar Chawl, Hariyally Village, Vikhroli ( East), Mumbai-400 083.

Career objective


Try level best to accomplish the task and responsibilities given by Company. I also would like to improve my management skills through the standard and professionalism adopted by organization.

Professional Experience.

Currently working in SITEC LABS PVT. LTD. From 7 Jun 2006 as Account Assistant till date.

Job Profile.


General,Receivable & Payable  Accounting and MIS: 

Doing entire operation for Import.(Taxation Part)i.e.Central Excise,CENVAT. 

Handling all documentation work. 

Responsible for delivery of consignment.

Filing of Bill of Entries in Bank.
Coordinating with CHA
Provide Consignment related all Documents to Custom 
Day to day Receivable accounting in TALLY9 

  
Reconciliation of customer accounts and quarterly balance confirmation 

Assessment of customer overdues and follow-up for collection 

Receivables GL account monitoring and reconciliation on monthly basis 

Accounting of Cash Discount / Volume discount and various rebates on day to  










day  basis                                                                                                              Re-addressal of customer discrepancies through proper Communication and 









feedback.
Assisting and providing requisite data in timely manner for Credit Management 

Submission of reporting  - a) Monthly customer ageing b) Reporting of customer dues and bad debt reserve   

Treasury accounting : 

Day to day treasury accounting in TALLY9 - Recording of interest, swap entries,JV etc.
Assisting in various compliance with financial covenants with bankers/financial institution 

Date of Birth

02nd December 1984.

Education


T.Y. B.Com.

Mumbai University, Mumbai

Pass Class


H. S. C. 

Mumbai  Board, Mumbai

            2nd Class


S. S. C. 

Vidhyamandir Highschool, Mumbai
1st Class

Add. Qualification. 

                               Have knowledge about import documentation.



       In Excel:Pivot Table & V-Lookup.



       Learning FICO in SAP  


Technical Skill


Ms-Cit Course which includes 


Ms word, MsExcel, Ms power point, Ms Access, Windows, Internet.


Tally, 4.5, 5.4, 6.3.7.2,9.1


English typing speed 40 w.p.m.

Marital status


Single.

Nationality

Indian.

Gender


Male.

Hobbies

Cricket, Reading, Chess.

Key Points

Comfortable with English & Adjustable to any working environment.

Place: Mumbai.

Date :





(RAVINDRA  D. DHAMAPURKAR)

