


















































CURRICULAM VITAE
Name: Shilva Shah                                                              E-mail: shilva.22@gmail.com
	Degree
	Institution / University
	Aggregate Percentage

	Bachelor of Engineering (Biomedical)
	L.D College of Engineering,
Gujarat University
	64.66 % 
First Class



· Presently Employed by Medical Plastics Data Service, Ahmedabad, India

Career Objective
	· To work efficiently and dedicatedly for the organization and to be committed to my work in order to deliver the best output leading to the success of organization.



Experience
	· Visiting Faculty at Biomedical Engineering Department of L.D.College of Engineering ,Ahmedabad ,  June 2010 – April 2011
· Visiting Faculty at Instrumentation & Control Engineering Department of Government Polytechnique College of Engineering , Ahmedabad , January 2011 – April 2011



Skills and Practiced Ability on 
	· Believe in “WIN” principle- Work Hard, Innovate & Never give up
· Comfortable working in teams as well as independently
· Committed to maintain quality and efficiency  
· Ability to manage Stress, Time and people effectively
· Strong Interpersonal, Learning and organizing skills
· Operating Systems Windows 98/ME/2000/XP/Vista, Windows7,Linux



Academic Credentials
	Year
	Course
	Institution / Board
	% of Score

	2010
	Bachelor of Engineering (Biomedical)
	L.D College of Engineering,
Gujarat University
	64.66% (Aggregate)

	2006
	H.S.C (Class XII)
	C.U.Shah high school, Ahmedabad
Gujarat Board
	86.20 %

	2004
	S.S.C (Class X)
	Vidhyanagar high school, Ahmedabad
Gujarat Board
	85%



Projects/ Assignments Undertaken
	·   Final semester project: “Myoelectric Prosthetic Hand and Wheelchair” at Inmed Equipments Pvt. Ltd,    Baroda. 
·   Submitted Developmental Assignments on Ventilator and presented it in form of Seminar.
·   Submitted Developmental Assignments on Linear Accelerator and presented it in form   Seminar.
·   Project on Distance Measurement using Ultrasonic sensor in microcontroller.
·   Hospital Training at Civil Hospital, Ahmedabad



Areas of Interest
	· Biomedical Engineering
· Computer Science & technology
· Control Systems and Instrumentation


                                                           
Leisure / Extra Curricular Activities
	· Part of Student College Association Team “YUVA” – “College Unstoppable” and spending time the club activities and often used to visit villages.
· Experience of Workshops in Robotics training ‘ROBO TEACHER – Spread the Light of Knowledge’.
·  Volunteering experience in ‘Flying Fins’, a national level technical Carnival TEQNIX-2007.
·  Participated in ‘Wheel-O-City’, a national level technical event SPARX’08.
·  Participated in ‘Road Block’, a national level technical event XPLODE – 2008.
· Volunteering experience in ‘E-Magnezinx’, a national level technical Carnival TEQNIX-2008.



Personal Dossier
	·  Date of Birth
	October 22, 1988

	·  Nationality
	Indian

	·  Languages Known
	English, Hindi, Gujarati

	·  Residential Address

	V-7,1st Floor, Sakal Apartments, Near, Naranpura post office, Naranpura, Ahmedabad-380013

	·  Contact Number
	M: +91 9913080783

	·  E-mail
	shilva.22@gmail.com , shilva.shah@yahoo.com






Hobbies
	· Sports: Badminton
·  Watching adventuresome TV programs and Reality Shows
· Fond of making good recipes and listening to music 



Declaration:
I hereby declare that above mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge.
Date:                                                                                                                                         Signature:                    January 24, 2012						                                      		Shilva Shah

Shilva Shah	Curriculum Vitae	3 | Page

