












































k

SREEVALLI  
Email: sreevallik.net@gmail.com
Contact No: +91- 7036100337.


Objective
Seeking a quality environment where I can utilize my knowledge, experience and programming skills can be shared and enriched being very flexible as a part of team. Looking forward for an opportunity to prove myself.
Professional Summary
· Having 2 years of experience in .Net Technologies like C#.Net, ADO.Net, ASP.Net.
· Good working knowledge on SQL Server 2012.
· Good working knowledge on HTML5 and CSS3.
· Good knowledge of Object Oriented Concepts.

· Good working knowledge on JavaScript.
· Extensive involvement in all stages of Web and software development life cycle      including Requirements, Design, Development, Implementation, Unit testing.
· Proficiency at grasping new technical concepts quickly and utilizing the same in a  

       Productive manner.

· Excellent programming knowledge in C#.Net.
Experience Summary
  I am Currently Working with Soft Quest Technologies Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad as Software Engineer on .NET Platform Since from July 2016 to till date. 

Academic Profile
	Bachelor of Technology(ECE)
	October 2010 –May 2014

	QIS COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING&TECHNOLOGY, 

JNTUK University, Andhra Pradesh.

AGGREGATE: 75.67%
	

	Board of Intermediate Education, Andhra Pradesh

SRI CHAITANYA JUNIOR KALASALA, Ongole.
	 June 2008 – March 2010

	AGGREGATE: 86.5%

	

	Board of Secondary Education, Andhra Pradesh

 SIVANI PUBLIC SCHOOL, Ongole.
AGGREGATE:  91.5%

	March 2008


	Languages
	:
	Microsoft C#.NET, LINQ

	Scripting Languages   
	:
	Java Script, jQuery.

	Web Technologies    
	:
	 HTML5, CSS3, ASP.Net.

	Web Server
	:
	Microsoft IIS 7.0

	IDE
	:
	Visual Studio 2012

	Data Base                         


	:

	SQL Server 2008,2012



Technical Expertise 
Project Summary
Project #1
Name


:      LEAP
Client


:      Himalaya
Technology

:        Asp.Net, C#, jQuery
Environment

:      .Net Framework, SQL Server 2008
Role 


:       Developer.
Duration

:       March2017-Till date

                                                                              
Description:  

Leap is a web based and mobile based application used to manage the primary orders and secondary sales order between distributors and retailers. The application can be accessed by administrators, Distributors, Sales persons and Sales Managers.
In the Distributor Portal the distributors can order primary orders, secondary orders and receives orders from Retailers placed through Mobile application and can view the status of the orders and products stock.

In Mobile application, the sales person can view the products, schemes for the products, stock availability and take the orders from the retailers.

 An invoice is generated for every order placed in distributor's portal.

In the admin portal the masters like user roles, products, schemes for the product will be added.
Responsibilities:

· Understand and analyzing of Business requirements of the application.
· Involved in requirement gathering meetings.
· Designing and development of the application. 

· Involved in creating stored procedures and tables.
· Publishing and deploying the application in the client environment.

· Fixing the Bugs based on the business requirement.
· Involved in Sending of daily and weekly status reports.
Project #2:
Name


:     WFM (Workforce Management) &Eeben’s (Employee benefits)
Technology

:      C#.Net, SQL Server 2008
Environment             :     VISUAL STUDIO 2015, .NET FRAMEWORK 4.5.2.
Role


:      Developer.

Duration

:     July 2016-Feb 2017
Description: 
WFM and Eeben’s is a web based management application in HP Inc., These applications can be used for employee termination, voluntary retirement, and retirement. We are made the application global wide to avoid duplicate entries. We developed as tree structure that is deal with Event and sub Event.
Responsibilities:
· Updating and maintaining the site as per client requirements accordingly.
· Involved in the designing and developing using C#.NET.
· Communicating with Business Analysts to gather requirement specifications and scoping the project
· Conducting project initiation, planning, executing and reporting to senior management
Personal Profile

   Name


:    Sreevalli 
   Father’s Name
:    Eswara Vara Prasada Rao.

   Date of Birth

:     28/07/1993.

   Languages

:     English, Telugu and Hindi.

   Nationality

:     Indian.

   Gender

:     Female.

   Marital status

:     Married.
Declaration
I hereby informed that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief

Place: HYDERABAD         
Date:









      (Sreevalli)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
