
















































Data Mining Specialist

OBJECTIVE
A dynamic, talented and experienced data mining specialist with excellent knowledge in analyzing large data, building, deploying and maintaining data. Expertise in research and development of statistical solutions. Possess excellent communication and leadership skills.

Technical Knowledge:
· Extensive knowledge of data mining algorithms and statistics
· In-depth knowledge of tools like SPSS, MSEXCEL and R
· Strong knowledge in developing, designing and implementing data mining models using various statistical techniques like supervised and unsupervised algorithms
· Have fair understanding on Predictive Analytics (Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Clustering and Association Rules).
· Strong Domain Knowledge in Retail, Government and Telecom sectors.
· Database expertise like Oracle and Sql Server.
· Good expertise in classification, predictive and forecasting analytics.
· Provide and apply quality assurance best practices for data mining/analysis services.
· Having good knowledge of oracle, MySQL and Data warehouse concepts.

Professional Experience:
TECHNOBRAIN INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED – HYDERABAD
DATA MINING SPECIALIST – MAY 2015 – TILL DATE
TECHARIES SOFT PRIVATE LIMITED - BANGALORE
 SENIOR DATA ANALYST - FEBRUARY 2011 – APRIL 2015
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS:
PGPBM in Analytics
Aegis Global Academy (IIM Indore)                                                                        2012- 2013
Bachelor of technology (Electrical and electronics)                                           2006 – 2010
Sri Sararthi Institute of engineering and technology - Nuzvid
Intermediate (Maths, Physics, Chemistry)                                                           2004 – 2006
Narayana educational Institutions – Vijayawada

PROJECTS:

Ethiopia Telecom                             Ethiopia
The BI/ Data warehouse solution should be able to be extended and grow to cover new trends in Business Analytics, therefore our unique offering will enable ETHIO TELECOM to start with BI/ DWH and extend to information discovery (structured/unstructured) and Big Data.
Generated customer profiling, churn management and segmentation reports using oracle R.

AFFA – Kenya
Creation of centralized data bases for all the sectors like farmer registry, livestock, etc.
Creation of a web/mobile based platform for farmer registry where the farmers can register to                     get the notifications to their mobile
Pilot testing of prediction and precision agriculture with limited crop varieties 
Farmer portal to collect all the data pertaining crops and with that we can share the market prices, quotes given by the vendors to crops with farmers on their mobile or we can arrange kiosks at community centers in the villages
Elaboration of the pilot testing to all the available crop varieties
Extensive reporting with the help of big data technologies
Analysis of unstructured data collected from the farmers through farmer registry
Installation of sensor devices to all the agricultural related machineries to investigate using IOT and sensor technology


Tanzania Revenue Authority       Tanzania                                                 

TRA needs to have a model which can project the available data according to the cause-and-effect relationship between tax revenue/items and economic variables/proxy bases values and find the cause-and-effect relationship between the given/available tax type/items/revenue and the economic variables/proxy base items and have the moving average updates of the forecasting coefficient established

TRA need some insights  into the data to find the differences between domestic and customs Based on current client understanding of dimensional modelling the client has opted to get this done for Refunds which includes both customs and domestic departments.

Responsibilities:

Writing and Implementing Predictive Analytics algorithms, Machine Learning Algorithms.
Process Automation using OBI.
SPSS and R for Analysis.
Analytical coding of modules like Univariate, Bivariate, Multi-Colinearity, finding Correlation, Covariance and Model building.
Participation in decision of variable selection in Model building.
Statistical Model evaluation and Performance monitoring.


Role: Data Mining Analyst


Mahindra Retail PVT LTD              Bangalore                                               

Churn Forecasting and Market basket Analysis

MRPL wants to accurately predict churn in order to respond in time to retain the existing customer and to have a deep knowledge on customers buying pattern, so that they can automate personalised campaigns to every customer and based on that they can design some loyalty programs.

MRPL wants to identify to if there are combinations of products that frequently co-occur in transactions, so that they can alter the store layout and their ecommerce catalogue layout to improve the customer shopping experience and want to build a model for the process to be automated.

Responsibilities:

Building Data Ware House 
Data cleaning and preprocessing 
Statistical modeling and sentiment Analysis
Responsible for preparing Functional Flow and reviewing the same with the Onsite Counterparts
Responsible for building a model for churn and market basket analysis.

Role: Senior Data Analyst

Aegis Analytics                                 Mumbai                                                     

Responsible for implementing data mining and statistical machine learning solutions to various business problems such as sales lead scoring, demand forecasting and targeted marketing. 
Developed customer segmentation models in R and SPSS which lead to increase in market share for a retail company.
Implemented demand forecasting models which improved forecasting accuracy of sales and inventory

Responsibilities:

Data Ingestion from multiple Data Source Enterprise Big Data.
Adhoc querying and Data Analysis using R and SPSS. 
Creating Workflows and scheduling the Batch Jobs.
Responsible for preparing Functional Flow and reviewing the same with the Onsite Counterparts
Statistical Model Building

Role: Data Analyst

 Predicting Customer behaviour of Courier Service (World NO1 Logistic Company).

Customer Analytics have become a vital tool for success used to glean important information,
Anticipate customer behaviour, and drive loyalty. 
With growing competition in shipping market companies needs to focus on Customer behaviour to understand customer requirements and needs.
PERSONAL DETAILS:

Mandapati.S.Durgaprasad.
Mobile number - +919441845824
Email – mandapatisdp@gmail.com
DOB – 24-jan-1989
Nationality – Indian
Passport Number – N6661397






