




















































  Resume
Rahul Priyadarshi                                   






   email: rahul.rbei@gmail.com
#64 BTM 1st Stage
Bangalore     







                                         mobile : 8123541232 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Automotive Embedded Developer
Seeking a position in an organization that provides me ample opportunity to explore & excel while carving out the niche for personal, professional as well as organizational goals.
Professional Summary: 

·  4 years of Professional Experience with full project Life cycle development in embedded systems, Requirements analysis, Design, Development & Testing of embedded applications.
· Development of Test Benches / Work Benches for Defense Systems using C, C++ . Versatile    team player with good communication skills, hardworking and result oriented.

· Experience in Embedded C Programming.

· Experience in design development and implementation of multi-threading and multi-processing application using C. 

· Experience in Gnu C, through Function, Array, Pointer, String, File handling, Structure, Linked list and Low level (System) programming.
· Experience in Linux system programming (Linux Internals), Design Patterns, IPC, Mutex and Semaphore, Socket programming, TCP/IP Sockets.
· Experience in Porting and Deployment of Linux Kernel on Different Architecture.

· Knowledge of ANSI C++ with Oops Concepts, Constructor, Destructor, Inheritance, Virtual Function, Template, Polymorphism.
· Knowledge of networking concepts as OSI Model, TCP/IP Model, IP, Classification of IP address, Socket programming using C.
 SKILL SET:
· Programming Language:  C(Gnu C), C++ (ANSI/Gnu C++), Embedded C(ANSI C)
· Platform:  x86/Linux-3.12, ARM9/Linux-3.12, 8051/at89S52.          
· Libraries: glib c, uclibc, Pithead, Socket, ANSI C.
· Tools:      GDB, Proteus ISIS7, Orcad 9.1, Kiel vision, Make, Build root, busy box, UBOOT, RTRT, RTC Understand C SVN, MKS, DOORS, and And CAN Analyzer.                       
· Protocol:   UART, I2C, TCP/IP, UDP, CAN, 1553B, RS422.
Experience summary:
	Robert Bosch 
	Senior Software Engineer
	April 2016
	Till Date

	HCL Technologies Limited
	SENIOR DEVELOPER
	May 2014
	April 2016

	Renaissance Soft labs 
	Software Engineer
	Feb 2013
	July 2013


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE :
	Title
	JLR Video SVC2.5 (IPMA)
time period (May 2016 to Till date).

	Environment :
Platform : Windows

	Tools : Visual studio, CSCRM,MKS,RTC,CAN Analyzer, DOORS,T&R,
Language: C++

	    Hardware: SVC2.5 Board 
      

	     Description
	Camera (VIDEO) System is aimed at providing Driver assistance to user by providing a 3-Dimensional overview of the surrounding. This Cam ECU provides 3D view of the surrounding with the help of stitched images obtained by four cameras located at front, rear, left and right sides of the car respectively. At each instance the images acquired from cameras ‘SATCAMS’ are processed by inbuilt micro chips ‘SALSA’ are stitched together by image transformation technique to obtain a 3-D view. The image processing is handled by a high speed dual core processor ‘ZYNQ’. The images are transmitted to Zynq with the help of CAN switch associated with each Camera at 1Gbits/s. Secondary processor ‘i.Mx6’ provide a wide range of viewing angles of the car. It uses the latest CMOS (complementary metal oxide semiconductor) technology for its cameras, ensuring excellent image quality even when faced with great differences in brightness or poor light conditions.

	Role $ Responsibility
	· Framework development for Can Message reception and transmission between camera ECU and Other connected ECUs.

· Validation of received Messages from Different Issues.
· Configuring the signals as per functionality.
· Testing of Signal parameter through Can Analyzer.




	Title
	IFD PANASONIC EUROPE(INVEHICLE INFOTAINMENT AVCLAN IMPLEMENTATION )
time period (May 2015 to March 2016).

	Environment :
Platform : linux-2.6.32.2

	Tools : Understanding  C++, jira, RTRT,SVN
 Language: C++,Embedded c

	    Hardware: Panasonic_IFD build board 
       RSE

	     Description
	AVC-LAN consists of audio visual systems such as the multi-display, navigation ECU, radio and player, stereo component amplifier and gateway ECU.
We are preparing the packets by receiving the data from media Player (USB, IPOD, SD, DVD, BLUETOOTH, IPHONE) and send it to communication layer through different type of Avclan and Most command to send it to RSE.

	Role $ Responsibility
	· Framework development for different media Player for Avclan and Most command Notifications.

· Framework development for different media Player for Avclan and Most command Request and Response.

· Storage containers development for data received from media Players

· Interface development of AVCLAN-MOST and Media Player.

· Development  of Packet of data for a  particular command of  AVCLAN-MOST

· Development of Protocol Interface for data sending to communication Layer. 

	Title
	IFD PANASONIC EUROPE(INVEHICLE INFOTAINMENT(May14 – June 15) 

	Environment :
Platform : linux-2.6.32.2
	Tools : , Understanding  C++, jira, RTRT,
 Language: C++,Embedded c
	Hardware: Panasonic_IFD build board

	     Description
	 In-vehicle infotainment (IVI), is a collection of hardware devices installed into automobiles, or other forms of road transportation, to provide audio or video entertainment, as well as automotive navigation systems. This includes playing media such as Aux, CD, DVD, USB, SD, BD, Bluetooth, IPod, I phone or other optional surround sound. We are working as middle-were, We used to get the data from lower layer and as per player type request response and notification forward the data to application Layer.  

	Role $ Responsibility
	Porting of Kernel Image and Root file system to target board.

· Framework development for different media Player like ITGP, Disc Player,
 IPod Player.
· Creating player Interface from Different Libraries like Cinemo, MMCOM and Gracenote.

· Development of source code for USB, SD and CD-MP3, IPOD, DVD, BD media.

· Development of request handler for USB-SD-CD media.
Sending the notification to GUI. 


	Title
	LAN Based Data Acquisition and Automation system for Industries.

	Environment : High performance embedded workshop(HEW) 
	Language: Embedded C                            
	      Hardware:AT89S52(8bit)u/c

	Description
	It is the system based on 8051 controller which is interfaced with 4 channels ADC (MCP3204) through which it is controlling the four devices connected with it.  I have designed a server application which can access this hardware system through serial communication and Server is capable to get the requests from multiple clients to provide the access of the devices connected on the hardware for authenticated clients. This application of this project can be used for automation industry where different operators can get access the hardware system.

Server and client platform were in LINUX based local area network (LAN).

	Role & Responsibilities
	· Research in various existing  Access Control system

· Firmware developer.

· Development and testing of different sensor modules 

· Development of the communication b/w host with server and client


EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND

	Duration
	                    Institution
	  University
	       Stream
	Percent

	2011
	Ajay Binay Institute of Technology      
	  B.P.U.T 
   ORISSA
	 B. Tech(Electronics)
	7.26 CGPA


Reference: Available on Request.

