










































1 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ARUNA KUMAR BHOL  
HUMAN RESOURCES OFFICER 

 

PROFESSIONAL 

 

EDUCATION 

 
➢ PGDM from Indian Institute of Planning and Management in 

2014. 
➢ Bachelors' Degree in Tourism and Hospitality from Swastik 

Institute of Professional Studies, Bhubaneswar in 2011. 
➢ 12th Science from Dayabihar College, Orissa in 2008. 
➢ 10th from Puri Zilla School, Orissa in 2005. 
 

➢ Talent Acquisition 

➢ On-boarding & Induction 

➢ Employee Engagement 

➢ Training and Development 

➢ Time & Attendance 

➢ Pay Roll Expertise 

➢ Statutory Compliances 

➢ MIS & Client reports 

➢ Performance Management 

➢ Client & Employee Relation 

➢ Shops and Establishment act 

1961 (Karnataka) 

➢ Statutory Registration 

WORK SUMMARY 

  

 

 

       

 

 

ASSISTANT OUTSOURCING  BDO INDIA LLP  

June 18 -  Present  

PAYROLL EXECUTIVE  ASCENT HR PVT LTD  

April  17 –  January 18  

 HR EXECUTIVE  AUDI BHUBANESWAR  

January 15 –  November 16  
PERSONAL  

Mobile: +91-9008130779 
 
E-mail: ab.arunabhol@gmail.com 
 
Date of Birth: 15th July 1990 
 
Language: Odia, Hindi and English 
 
Passport: H6261754 
 
Address: Bangalore 
 
Location Preference: India 
 
Notice Period: 60 days (Negotiable)  
 

 
 

 

 

REFERENCE  

Bharani Kumar 

General Manager 

Contact: +91- 7381058017 

E-Mail: bharani.kumar@audibhubaneswar.in 

 
Biranchi Narayan Nayak 

General Manager 

Contact: +91- 9583000811 

E-Mail: biranchi.nayak@jyotegroup.com 

 HOBBIES  

                                                                                                  

mailto:ab.arunabhol@gmail.com


2 
 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

21st June 18 – Till Date: BDO India Ltd. as Assistant Outsourcing (Payroll Executive India). 

Primary Responsibilities: 
 

➢ Statutory Registration for Global Client as per Shop and Commercial Establishment Act 1961 (Karnataka). 

➢ Handling Global Clients Indian payroll for 750 employees. 

➢ Preparation of monthly payroll calendar and liaise with the Clients for payroll inputs and various 

information. 

➢ Responsible for monthly end to end payroll processing, including verification of input and output. 

➢ Verify the output as per the payroll checklist. 

➢ Upload the Salary payment through online banking and Send Pay-slip through ESS Portal. 

➢ Responsible for processing the monthly FBP eligibility and connect with the employees for allocation of FBP 

amount. 

➢ Handling Query Management ticket raised by employees. 

➢ Co-ordinate with management for bringing up new enhancement in payroll system. To make system more 

fast and efficient output. 

➢ Responsible for monthly PT Challans, Payments and Returns (Form 5A, Karnataka) and Annual returns for PT 

RC (Form 5) and PT EC (Form 4A) before the dead line. 

➢ Responsible for monthly PF payments and TRRN Status, Online Transfer cases and exceptional cases issue. 

➢ Responsible for Annually LWF Payments Challans, and Yearly Returns (Form D, Karnataka) before the dead 

line. 

➢ Responsible for monthly TDS payments and Challans, 24Q filings and generating Form 16. 

 

10th April 17 – 22nd January 18: Ascent Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. as Payroll Executive. 

Primary Responsibilities: 
 

➢ Handling Domestic Clients payroll for 6000 employees. 

➢ Preparation of monthly payroll calendar and liaise with the Clients for payroll inputs and various 

information. 

➢ Responsible for monthly end to end payroll processing, including verification of input and output. 

➢ Verify the output as per the payroll checklist. 

➢ Upload the Salary payment through online banking and Send Pay-slip through ESS Portal. 

➢ Responsible for processing the monthly FBP eligibility and connect with the employees for allocation of FBP 

amount. 

➢ Handling Query Management ticket raised by employees. 

➢ Co-ordinate with management for bringing up new enhancement in payroll system. To make system more 

fast and efficient output. 

➢ Prepare the statutory reports and share to compliance team. Follow up with them for payments and 

challans status. 

➢ Given the excel training to new joiner. 



3 
 

13th January 15 – 19th November 16: Audi Bhubaneswar as Human Resource Executive. 

Primary Responsibilities: 
 
Manpower Planning & Recruitment 
 

➢ Ensure and maintain an efficient dealership organization structure for all sales, service, and support 
departments aligned to dealership business objectives and Audi India guidelines. 

➢ Manage optimal staffing levels for all roles by regularly tracking for vacant positions and planning 
for high attrition roles in coordination with the respective department heads and create an 
appropriate recruitment plan for the same. 

➢ Maintain and update all role level norms such as JDs, MBOs, and profile sheets and ensure 
alignment with actual on-ground execution. 

➢ Take complete ownership of the dealership recruitment process as defined in Audi India. 

Recruitment process guidelines 

➢ Identify requirements in coordination with respective department heads. 
➢ Identify and coordinate with venders to source suitable candidate profiles. 
➢ Conduct initial CV screening as per Audi India templates. 
➢ Facilitate the complete process from interview to final offer to candidate on boarding as per Audi 

India guidelines. 
 

Performance Management, Salary & Rewards 

➢ Take complete ownership of the performance management process as per Audi India guidelines. 
➢ Facilitate annual goal and objective setting exercise for all eligible employees. 
➢ Update the KPIs and MBOs for all dealership employees to feed into the annual performance 

management process. 
➢ Facilitate and ensure periodic performance review discussions are conducted and all inputs as 

required by the PMS process are provided for by the respective teams. 
➢ Manage all communication and grievance handling relating to PMS and other employee related 

issues such as salary, incentives, and promotions. 
➢ Ensure timely disbursals of salaries and other reimbursements to employees.  
➢ Finalize incentive plan for all employees in coordination with respective department heads and 

basis the direction of the dealership senior management. 
 

Employee Engagement & Training 

➢ Take ownership of employee engagement and define and manage execution of employee engagement 
initiatives as per Audi India guidelines at the dealership. 

➢ Manage the employee exit process by conducting and analyzing employee exit interviews and identify 
improvement areas and share action plans for improvement with dealership senior management. 

➢ Create and update all employee HR policies and manage effective communication and adoption of the same. 
➢ Take ownership of the employee skill development framework and ensure appropriate skill levels by 

coordinating employee training allocations and attendance both at the dealership and at Audi India. 
➢ Plan and execute long-term retention plan and required initiatives for employees. 
➢ Plan for and organize internal dealership trainings. 



4 
 

 
HR Department oversight 

➢ Conduct target setting exercise with the HR team members. Conduct annual, quarterly and 
monthly business overview analysis (target vs. achievement) basis set targets. 

➢ Maintain and monitor HR department KPIs for business analysis and forecasting. 
➢ Conduct performance appraisal of the Sales Team and provide final rating, feedback, training 

requirements and areas of improvements. 
 

INTERNSHIP: ITC Bangalore 
 

Designation : HR Intern 
Project  :      Practical knowledge of Core HR in Hospitality Sector. 
Durations  :  45 Days 

 
Description  

 
HR Administration  
Establish and maintain administrative systems and processes that allow effective management of all 
correspondence, reporting requirements and documentation, including personal details of all new 
staff members and updating and accurately maintaining data of all existing employees using SAP HR. 
 
General HR Duties  

➢ Assist in implementing HR policies and procedures. 

➢ Co-ordinate all recruitment activities and induction process for new starters. 
➢ Be accessible and respond to staff/manager enquiries in a timely manner. 

 
Projects  
Depending on the interest and background of the individual, “projects” refer to business 
improvement activities in areas such as IT/Systems, Cost of Human Capital, Learning & Development, 
Staff Attraction / Employer Branding, Recruitment Strategies etc. 

 
INTERNSHIP: LE MERIDIEN 
 
Designation   :  IT Intern 
Project  :      Gain Practical knowledge of Hotel Operations. 
Durations  : 6 Months 
 
Description  
 
This project helps to know about hospitality. It give me practical knowledge of core work in hotel 
industry as various department like  Front office, Housekeeping, F&B Production, F&B Services, Sales, 
Information Technology, Human Resource, Finance etc. 


