



























































ShubhradeepNandi
shunandi@gmail.com +91-9538099898

Professional summary:
I am an emotionally intelligent, flexible, and continuously evolving professional Data Scientist and Machine
Learning leader. I have substantial experience in identifying Business problems and converting them to
solutions that can be sold. As a technology leader I have been building effective technology teams, curating
technology products, and, sprouting the innovation culture in the organization. My work also spans to coding
and mentoring people to write a mix of algorithms both heuristic and adversarial in the field of AI( machine
learning, computer vision, deep learning, and performing statistical inferences). I routinely try to
publish/speak at major conferences. I have also built a social fintech startup right from scratch and have exited
in 2014. In 2017 I have been recognized as one among the top 10% hands-on Data Scientist by OLX. DERBI
foundation has recently chosen me as one of their Startup mentor.

Highlights:
Data discovery, cleaning, analysis, exploration, imputation and preparation, statistical data modeling
Pattern recognition, forecasting, classification, clustering, regression,
Image processing Techniques (canny and advance, thinning, binarization, morphological transformation),
CNN based Image classification models,
Deep Learning based Natural Language Processing using RNN variants(LSTM, GRU),
Review Mining,Customer Segmentation, Marketing Analytics, Ranking and Algorithmic Pricing

Skills:
Building and driving extreme technology teams.
Extensive Data Science Research community reach out within and outside India.
Experience in building a company from scratch & bootstrapping it up.
Experience in product strategy, management and execution.
Experience in product monetization and sales strategy.
Strong technology background in Python(scientific libraries), R, regular expressions based pattern
modeling.
Experience with Bigdata (Apache Spark on Hadoop, Apache Storm), Linux administration, SQL, NoSql.

Experience
Conceptualization (end of 2016) - Present: Data Scientist at the Bitgram

Helping an early stage fintech start up to build AI based fintech products.
Heading and managing a lean team of Machine Learning experts and Data Scientists.
4 products already in launch proposal and 4 customer POC’s won.
Hand picked and built an AI team that is delivering.
Strategy, Technical Leadership, and, People Management.

Details on the current products
 BitEye - The bitgram vision engine that can identify any legal government document.

Python, OpenCV, Scikit based prepossessing, Deep Convolution Neural Network and Supervised ML

 BitImageExtarctor - The character and format recognition engine that can read through any
financial document like Receipts, invoices, Salary records, Purchase Orders and any legal
government document.

Python Scientific libraries, Computer Vision based deep learning networks and libraries

 BitCTS - Cheque reading(CTS 2010), clearance(CTS 2010), and forgery detection
Python Scientific libraries, Computer Vision, DNN and Supervised Machine Learning

 SuperId - The comprehensive human identity for 360 degree identification.
Forecasting, Biometrics, Behavior Analytics, Sentiment analysis. Etc
Pyspark, Spark, Storm, Kafka,

Cognitive & Cloud Leader -IBMWatson (2015-17)

Efforts included the first 50 Watson ML customers both from enterprises and SMB.
Developed the first open sourced Watson Library from India.
Key Note speaker and Speaker at major machine Learning and AI events.

- conducted exploratory analysis, identified relevant AI solution architecture using hybrid ML

http://koskot77.github.io
mailto:shunandi@gmail.com
https://github.com/koskot77/leetcode/


- designed work flows for processing large datasets for customers
- performed statistical modeling, drawn quantitative conclusions, wrote scientific publications

Solving real world Datascience problems with hybrid strategies.
EDA, Regression, Classification, Clustering, Text Analytics, Visualization Optimization.
Creator of the custom Watson library Watson Helper.
SAMA - AI based Chat bots and personal adviser
Expert specialist in IBMWatson solutioning and crafting hybrid Machine Learning solutions.
. Machine Learning using R, Python and Octave/Matlab.
Hands-on exposure to Open AI Systems(OpenNLP, StanfordNER etc)
Building advanced cognitive solution using Watson AI APIs
Building Best Fit Predictive models using R and Python.
Geospatial Analytics using R, R on Cloud, Spatial data on Cloud, IBM DashDB

Data Science Architect at Market Share (2014 - 2015)

Helped a mid sized start up to build data science architecture for one of its future products.
I have been involved in building the online marketing analytics platform for Marketshare (now Neustar)

Entrepreneur(Founder) at Charity By Choice (2011 - 2014)

Bootstrapped a social fintech venture to help CSR/Individual donors money reach the righteous NGO’s /
Social workers guided by algorithmic accountability.
Sold it in 2014.

A Go To Market Platform for grass root NGO's and a market place for expending corporate charity
grants to the right place.

Roles played:-
a) Idea conceptualization and Bootstrap.
b) Revenue modeling, Cash inflow and P&L.
c) Sales, Marketing, and Customer Management.
d) Product Engineering.
e) Handling the operations.

Tools :- Opensource UI on the top of Open Source Back-end and hosted on free Google App Engine.
Sold to Zius Medico in 2014

Engineering at Adobe Systems (2011 - 2013)
Worked for the Adobe Creative Cloud Team

Programmer at Infosys Technologies (2006 - 2010)
Developed banking projects at RBS London

Education:
 Diploma in Management IIM Bangalore, 2015
 Certification in Start-up Engineering Stanford, 2013
 B Tech(Computer Science & Engineering) NERIST, 2006

Awards and Accolades

 Top 10% at OLX Datascience Competition(2017)
 IBM-Management Choice Award 2015,2016 for Star Performance.
 Adobe extreme performance award 2012,1013
 Infosys Spot Award 2007,2010


	Top 10% at OLX Datascience Competition(2017)

