














































GRACE JACOB  

               

OBJECTIVE 

Seeking a position that will benefit from my data management, analytical and training experience, where I can 

leverage my organizational and analytical skills. Experienced in FMCG/Retail domains. Confident in 

communication, presentation, analysis, analytical and organizational skills. I'm looking forward for an 

opportunity to leverage my skills for the benefit of the organization. Open to travelling and more learning.  

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Total Experience - GENPACT – 6 years 8 months – Oct 2010 - June 2017 

 Business Analyst  

Genpact India Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore – August2016 to June2017 

 Business analysis and insights provided to the clients in the FMCG/CPG and Retail industry on 
their product movements, on their placement and revenue generation in the market.  

 Analysis on the consumer based market on their consumption behavior and how the placement of 
the products is influencing the purchasing behavior of the consumers.  

 Global Process Trainer (Business Analyst) 

Genpact India Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore – May 2014 to July 2016 

 Training every topic on the processes on the Data Management for one of the leading clients. 
 Coordinating, organizing and conducting trainings to post-training assessments and post-training 

work performance for a certain period to understand their FPY of the resources trained. 

 Handling New Joiners’, Cross functional teams’, internal movements’ training, knowledge 
sharing, refresher sessions, mentoring of new technology based enhancements in the process, 

UAT mentoring, etc. 

 Senior Associate 

Genpact India Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore – Oct 2010 to Apr 2014 

 Market Research Domain, into the Data Management on the product performance in the CPG 
industry. Also was into UAT testing/feedback for the client web-based applications. 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 

Course Year of Passing Place 

Executive PG in Marketing Mgmt. Sept 2016 

Kristu Jayanti Autonomous College, 

Bangalore 

B.Com June 2010 Kristu Jayanti College, Bangalore 

 

CERTIFICATIONS 

 Executive Certification Program – June 2015 – Business Analytics & Intelligence 

Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore 

 Basics of Business Analytics 
 Tool experience on Excel-based Analytic features, SPSS & R 

Tel: +91 9986727131 

Mail: gracejacob.gj@outlook.com 

Location: Bangalore 
 

mailto:gracejacob.gj@outlook.com


SOFTWARE/SYSTEM SKILLS 

 MS Office – Word, Excel, Power point & Outlook - Intermediate 

 Oracle based Client specific applications 

 Lean & Green Belt Six Sigma Trained & Tested 

 Basic understanding of Excel based analytical tools, SPSS & R 

LANGUAGE SKILLS 

 English – Read, Write & Speak 

 Malayalam – Read, Write & Speak 

 Hindi – Read & Write 
 Kannada - Speak{{{  

ACHIEVEMENTS 

 Represented Schools and Colleges for various sports – Volleyball, Basketball, Badminton & Shot put, 

cultural – Singing, Quiz, Debate & departmental activities across the city and country. 

 Was into organizing teams for various events in school, colleges and organization. 

 Performance based awards like Bronze & Silver awards multiple times for individual & team 

performances. 

 Represented Genpact for Corporate Women’s Cricket tournaments. 

INTERESTS 

 Travelling 

 Reading 

 Music 

 Browsing online on current affairs, languages, 

technology, literature, science, etc. 

 Learning new things 

 Sharing knowledge  

 Content Writing 

 Playing badminton

 


