




































Ibrahim Fazil

ABHINAV KUMAR                                 
Address: H.NO.-48, FIRST FLOOR
,YELLUNKUNTE EXTENSION,
HOSAPALYA,ITI LAYOUT,BOMMANAHALLI.
Contact:   India - +918867379055
E-mail:     abhinavkumar1911@gmail.com 
TEST ENGINEER
Experience in testing with reputed companies 
PROFILE
·  2 years of rich work experience in the domain of manual.
·  Strong knowledge of STLC and SDLC with experience in writing & executing test cases and test scenarios.
·  Experience in various types of testing – Functional, Regression, Scenario, Web based in environments like  
 Windows and Linux.
· Well versed with Web-based Software’s
· Strong communication skills with an ability to grasp new things quickly
· Ability to work under deadlines, worked as an active team member and willingness to accept responsibilities.
· Good in communication, coordinate with team and skill improvement.
Core Competencies: 
Test Case ~ Bug tracking ~ Coordination ~ Team Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Company Name        : ARP TECHNOLOGY. (Client CP GROUP)
Project                       : POS (JULY ‘15 – Till date )
Client                         : Internal
Responsibilities
: Test Engineer & Support
Testing Tools

: Manually 
Description                  : POS or Point Of Sale software is a vital solution for retail businesses to carry out 
retail transactions effortlessly from anywhere. You must have seen Point of Sale terminal while checking out at your favorite Mall. POS Web application support to end user or the support team to change update, change and remove dish. It help franchisee and sales team to help to check its day wise as well as item wise report at his outlet level 
My responsibilities in the project included:-
· Understanding the Client Requirements and functionality of the system.
· Prepare and Execution of test cases as per requirement.
· Involved in preparing the traceability matrix.
· Preparing Defect Report and assigning the defects to developer.
· Involved in System and Functional testing.
· Mapping functional requirements with test cases.
· Retesting the cases where defect has been raised. Involved in preparation of Test Cases and Test Report.
· Support the application and solve the problem given by End User like Adding or Removing data and changing or adding module of live application.
Company Name        : ORIENT LABOUR COMPANY (Client JUSCO.)
Project                       : BILLDESK (FEB’14 – JAN’15)
Client                         : Internal
Responsibilities
: Jr. Test Engineer  
Testing Tools

: Manually 
Description      
: Jusco is servicing the citizen of Jamshedpur and Adjourning area for Electricity, Water and other municipal services. Bill Desk to allow customers in Jamshedpur to make their utility bill payments through Bank Account as per limit authorized by the customer. If its bill amount exceed his limit the massage fired to customer for manually bill payment. The application maintain the record of all bill details. Once bill is generated through internal ISU-SAP its auto sync with web application and database and the bill desk application  check with there limit and sent the mail to customer for bill deduction.

My responsibilities in the project included 
· Understanding the Client Requirements and functionality of the system.
· Prepare and Execution of test cases as per requirement.
· Involved in preparing the traceability matrix.
· Preparing Defect Report and assigning the defects to developer.
· Involved in System and Functional testing.
· Mapping functional requirements with test cases.
· Retesting the cases where defect has been raised. Involved in preparation of Test Cases and Test Report.

EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS
Master in Computer Application, Perusing 
IGNOU, Delhi
Bachelor in Computer Application, Completed 
IGNOU, Delhi
TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
	 Operating System
	Windows 7/XP/Win 8.1/Ubuntu

	 IDE
	Eclipse

	 Defect Management Tool
	Jira

	 Database
	MS SQL Server 2008

	 Software Testing           
	Manual, Selenium 

	 Browsers
 Domain Knowledge
	IE11, Firefox ,Chrome
Retail Food, Retail Banking

	
	


OTHER EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS
 Automated testing Course in QSPIDER

Date of Birth: 19th November 1988
Language Proficiency: English, Hindi (read & write)
