










































Resume of Rishi .V

Resume of Rishi V


Resume of Rishi. V
rishi_keshan123@yahoo.co.in
9382195006

Objective :  
To exercise the expertise of Supply chain experience with passion for the organisation to achieve benefit and also as an individual to achieve excellence in Supply Chain Management processes.
Experience summary:
Overall experience of 14 years in all Enterprise functions like Materials Management, Finance and Human Resources. Includes primary experience of 10+ years in Materials Management from Procurement to Stores to Accounts Payable. I have effectively used SAP application to achieve the activities of the company.

CURRENTLY:  WORKING WITH FLEXTRONICS SINCE APRIL 2011
As Specialist in Accounts Payable Dept. for Processing of Invoices in BAAN/SAP/4TH SHIFT ERP’s.

Nov 2003 to March 2011
Worked as Assistant Manager- Material coordination in Reliance Communications Limited. (Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group).  Responsible for following activities in procurement and material handling divisions of the organisation. Responsibilities include 
· Creation of Service Orders for Contract Engaged with Contractors  for work sites. Creation of Purchase Orders for  Procurements of Spares from Vendors and Creation of PR for Fuel Utilisation for BTS / MCN locations in  TN Circle.

· Creation of STOCK TRANSFER ORDERS & STOCK TRANSFER NOTE IN SAP for Materials Movement. Placing of GRN for the Received Materials, both Vendor   supply and Materials Transfer, Generation of Reports fortnightly for Materials  Re-Conciliation  / Monitoring of SIT (Stock in Transit Cases)

· Posting of  Consumptions /MIN in SAP for  issue of Materials to Site in accordance  to the Usage of Materials
· Handling of Fuel Cards including monitoring of Petro Card Values and Usage/re-loading values for petro card. Re-conciliation of the same with respect to the ROC-Batch for the GRN Placed in SAP for the entire Tamil Nadu State circle for about  3500 Towers.

Monitoring movements in SAP MM Module. placing of  indent for Materials requirement, monitoring the receipts, and re-logistics for further usage at worksite / maintenance location.

Aug’ 2000 – Oct’ 2003

:    

DSM’Soft Pvt.Ltd.,

                                           Reliance Engineering Associated Ltd.     

                                                                                  Deputed with DSM Soft., for REAL Project   

Nov’99 -   Jun’2000

:

Visteon India Limited. (Division of Ford India)                               

Worked as a Financial assistant in the 
finance  Department.  
· Responsible for processing of Costing in Inventory Application, retrieving of Inventory & Banking functions.

· Responsible for liaison activity on day to day Basis. 
June ’98 – Oct’1999

:          

 Tata Consultancy Services.
Worked in HR Department related to Commercial operations. 
·     Responsible for processing leave and related  applications  as per the labour laws & HR policy of the Company. 

·     Responsible for processing advises to Head Office for  Settlement  and payment, for full & final Settlement for outgoing employees  
Scope was across  3,500 Employees. Processing was done both in system and manually in HR Module of TCS.
March ‘1996 -   Oct ’97

:

Magnum Enterprises ( Garment Export Unit) 

Worked as Account Assistant in the export division of the   organization
·    Responsible for processing financial transactions like  General Ledger /Purchase Ledger /Bank Transaction in Accounting Module. 
·     Responsible for creation of stock Statement and

·     Bank Statement  on monthly basis 
COMPUTER QUALIFICATION
: 

Diploma in Computer Application,

City School of Computers MS Office & DbaseIII Plus.
                         




Diploma in Network Centered Computing, NIIT

                        


                             1997-1998,(Unix, Sybase,Ver(10.0),C++ with  
Object  Oriented Programming) VC++ & Windows     

 NT Concepts.

QUALIFICATION

:

B-Com. University of Madras – 1994.

Date of Birth                             :


2nd June  1973

Father’s Name 


: 

V. Venkatasubramanian

Rishi Venkatasubramanian 
9/2, Arcot Street

T. Nagar Chennai 600 017.

Residence  044 – 24336739
Page 1
Page 1

