




























































Pravin Jeevanrao Dhage
Contact No: 8625890989
E-Mail : pravindhage2@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE

Seeking a quality opportunity and challenging career in Drug Safety and
Pharmaceutical Research in a reputed organization where I can enrich my
professional skills and credentials while being resourceful to the organization.

QUALIFICATION

Year Degree Institution/ University Percentage (%)

2011 Bachelors of Pharmacy MCP Nilanga, SRTMU Nanded. 64.84 %

2007 H.S.C MGM Ahamadpur, Latur Board. 70.33 %

2005 S.S.C SSV Nilanga, Latur Board 83.33 %

AREA OF INTREST

Pharmacovigilance/ Drug Safety

WORK EXPERIENCE-

Current organization: Cognizant Technology Solution.
Designation: Junior Data Analyst.
Department: Pharmacovigilance
Tenure: 10/Feb/2016 to till date (2 Years, 10 Months)

JOB DESCRIPTION-

 Accountable for processing the medically cohesive and accurate Individual Case
Safety Reports (ICSRs) with serious and non-serious adverse events for all types
of cases within regulatory timelines.

 Handful of exposure in coding and identifying all potential life threatening/fatal

clinical SUSAR study cases requiring a 7-day submission to the regulatory

authorities.



ROLE AND RESPOSIBILITIES-

 Perform QC Activity.

 Experience of working on ARGUS AFFILIATE safety database.

 Assessment of case reports for the identification of duplicate reports, seriousness,

causality, clinical relevance and expectedness/ labeling of adverse events adhering

to SOP and regulatory requirements.

 Experience of handling of ICSRs, which includes initiation of cases, sending
acknowledgements and doing central data capturing.

 Well verse with case assessment, triaging and processing of serious and non-serious
spontaneous, clinical trial and solicited case reports.

 Prioritization and triaging of the cases as per seriousness and regulatory timelines.

 Ensure accurate and consistent coding of medical history/conditions, drugs and
adverse event terms.

 Maintaining the data as per the client specific SOPs, data handling guidelines and
project-specific coding conventions.

 Effectively maintains the safety database and corresponding entry guidelines,
including accurate entry of data and assurance of quality of data through quality
control process.

COMPUTER SKILLS

 Proficiency in various computer applications like MS-OFFICE (Power Point,

Excel, Word, Microsoft Publisher), Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Acrobat Pro and

internet surfing, etc.

 Computer skills including creation of templates, presentations and using

safety databases applications.



STRENGTH

 Maintaining good interpersonal relationships.
 Can easily adapt to the new trends and ideas.
 Ability to work in team efficiency.

ACADEMIC ACHIVEMENTS

 General Secretary (GS) of MCP, Nilanga in last academic year.

 Participated in Inter College and Inter school level Volleyball Tournaments.

 Participated in Inter school level Football Tournaments.

 Participated in college cultural activities.

PERSONAL PROFILE

Address: B3, 501, Sai Crown Imperial Society, Near Dange chowk, Pune.

D.O.B.: 02nd December 1988.

Gender:Male.

Marital Status: Married.

Nationality: Indian

Soft Skills:Well versed in languages: English, Hindi and Marathi

Hobbies: Listing music, swimming, Playing Volleyball.

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my
knowledge and belief.

Date: 07-Dec-2018. Signature: Pravin Jeevanrao Dhage.

Place: Pune.


