













































MARIO JOSEPH GONSALVES


 

Sensitivity: Internal & Restricted 

RACHAPALLE LOKESH 

 
      

D.no: 1-7, Thoorpuveedhi        
sai.lokesh405@gmail.com 

Rayalacheruvu (Village),               9849555146  
Kuppam Badur (Post),         

Ramachandra Puram (Mandal), 

Chittoor (Dist.), Andhra Pradesh - 517561. 

 
ASPIRING PROFESSIONAL 
 

Possessing a track record of proposing multiple potential solutions for complex or new 

problems and not afraid to make objective recommendations as to which direction should 

be taken. 

 
EDUCATION 

 

B.Tech in Electrical and Electronics Engineering, JNTUA-2014 
 

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS 

 

 
WIPRO TECHNOLOGIES    [October 2016 to Present] 
 
 

Technical Skills  

 

1. Performance Testing  
2. Tool – Apache JMeter  

 
 Having good Knowledge in Performance testing tools like JMeter  
 Working knowledge in different protocols like, Web (HTTP, HTML) 
 Good knowledge in Gathering performance requirements 

 Involved in all major Enhancements like correlation and parameterization 

 Creating and executing Load Test, Performance Test and provide adequate 

supporting information for bottleneck analysis 

 Coordinating with Development, Database and Business Analyst  team 

 Generate the daily and weekly status reports for project tracking 

 Generate the final Performance Test Report with all Client Side and Server Side 

measurements 

 

 

mailto:sai.lokesh405@gmail.com


 

Sensitivity: Internal & Restricted 

 

JMeter Roles and Responsibilities:-  

 

 Interact with the client for gathering non functional requirements 

 Write test case scenarios; identify load models and metrics to be collected. 

 Ability to develop performance test scripts using JMeter  

 Review the Performance test scripts, plans and scenarios 

 Involved in major enhancements like correlation and parameterization  

 Creating and executing Load Test, Performance Test and provide adequate 

supporting information for bottleneck analysis 

 Create schedule for load and endurance tests. 

 Run the schedule based  on requirements 

 Good in performance test planning, reviewing, writing and execute tests 

 

 PROJECT1  : First Gulf Bank (FGB) 
 

Title             : Project Engineer 

COMPLIANCE ENGINEERING : 

 

 A Dynamic Professional in the areas of Supply Chain Management & Client 
Management in IT Industry. Assigning RoHS-REACH status, worked on Full 

Material Disclosure, Alternate part suggestion for EOL & Obsolete parts. 

 

 Coordinate with Quality team with respect to the quality of the incoming 
products/Parts of new suppliers and existing supplier 

 

 Having work experience with  Oracle Apps SCM Functional, SAP EHS - 
Environment - Health and Safety Management, SAP NetWeaver Gateway 

 

 Computer Competency –SAP HANA (End User), Operating system (Windows XP, 
7, Vista,) MS Office (Word, PowerPoint, and Excel). 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Sensitivity: Internal & Restricted 

 PROJECT2  : Varian medical systems 
 

           Title             : Compliance Engineer 
 

 

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 

 

 Collect, verify, validate, store, track, manage EU RoHS part numbers, material 
contents, data sheets, certificates of compliances and SGS lab reports in database. 

 

 Analyze and calculate the substance data of product BOMs (Bill of Materials) for            
compliance to EU ROHS, other government regulations and customer specifications. 

 

 Communicate, coordinate and work with suppliers, Original Design Manufacturer 
(ODMs) and Contract Manufacturers (CMs) to ensure compliance with all applicable 

global, local and industry regulations/legislations/laws. 
 

ACHIEVEMENTS & ACTIVITIES 

 

 

 Achieved “Best Employee” award for contributing the best. 

 Awarded the “STAR of The Quarter” for reaching the targets in short period of time. 

 Awarded the “STAR of The Month” for reaching the targets in short period of time. 

 I raised one pragathi name of “Mail Merger’’ tool to contacting supplier instead of 
manual contacting supplier. 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
Date: 
          (Rachapalle Lokesh) 
Place: Chennai 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


