





























DEEPAK KUMAR SINHA

     Phone: 9963805911

E-Mail:DDeepakSinha@gmail.com

            deepakksinha@hotmail.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE:                                                                                                                 

                     Seeking a position to utilize and develop my skills and abilities that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.

WORK EXPERIENCE:                                                                                                                  

MAHINDRA SATYAM BPO LTD, HYDERABAD

SUBJECT MATTER EXPERT (MENTOR)/Tier II, JAN’10 – PRESENT

Process: Verizon High Speed Internet Service Provider

Following are the responsibilities:

1. Currently Handling a team of 17 members as SME for last 2 Years. This includes getting the team logged in on time and completing the staffing hours, initiate documented action plans for associates if the performance does not meet certain level. Had to ensure the team stays united at all instances with positive attitude.


2. Effective participation on the floor to ensure being updated with current activities and important updates. This allowed the team to get familiar with everybody on the floor.

3. To help frontline associates when they are on live calls to ensure timely resolution/ First Call Resolution and hence saving the Average Handling Time.

4. To clarify customer’s requirements; probe for and confirm understanding of requirements or problem. Meet customer’s commitments in a timely fashion. Confirm customer understanding of the solution and provide additional customer education as needed. Prepare complete and accurate work and update customer file. 


5. To utilize all possible options to conduct through research and consequently work to provide resolution in the shortest possible time, at all times maintaining the highest levels of customer satisfaction. 
Proactively and professionally participate in designated open forums to ensure exchange of intellectual property between teams. 


6. To communicate effectively with individuals/ teams program to ensure high quality and timely expedition of customer requests. Apply mentoring abilities via written feedback for knowledge betterment of frontline associates. 

MAHINDRA SATYAM BPO LTD, HYDERABAD

SR. TECHNICAL SUPPORT ASSOCIATE, MAY’08 – DEC’09(19Months)

Provided technical support for Verizon High Speed DSL Internet which included troubleshooting related to modem/router settings and configuration of home/office network in Windows OS environment on desktops and laptops. Also well equipped with wireless configuration and settings on the computer.

CONVERGYS INDIA SERVICES, BANGALORE 

TECHNICAL SUPPORT OFFICER, DEC’06 – MAY’08(18Months)

Provided effective and consistent technical support. Researched technical solutions to support customers with issues related with MS Windows Vista. Excellent troubleshooting skills in installation and application related issues. Thorough knowledge of all the inbuilt tools of MS Windows Vista.

SKILLS:                                                                                                                                       

- Excellent troubleshooting skills related to Desktop and Laptops in windows environment which includes installation of Operating System and general troubleshooting with windows functionality.

- Operating Systems: Windows NT/2000/XP (home & pro) (workstation and laptops), Windows 98/ME, MS- DOS, Windows Vista (all editions),Windows 7.

- Familiar with OS installation using Virtual box softwares.

- Excellent troubleshooting skills on modem/routers in a home/office network including 

  Wireless configuration.

- Excellent troubleshooting skills related to internet connectivity issues.

- Excellent searching skills related with troubleshooting.

- User level knowledge of MS Word, Ms Excel, Ms PowerPoint, Ms Outlook.

- Quick learner with ability to translate complex ideas and processes into technical facts or  

  persuasive non-technical presentation.

- Excellent analytical skills and ability to prioritize workload.

- Attention to detail and precision, solid work ethics concerning meeting deadlines and reliability. 

- Excellent communication and customer service skills.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:                                                                                            

             Passed B.Tech in Electronics and Communication from Techno India (Salt Lake) under West Bengal University of Technology in the year 2005 with the aggregate of 7.55(DGPA) under 10 point scale.

TRAINING:                                                                                                                              

Name         : Call center training.

Place          : ACCESS, Park Street (Kolkata)

Duration    : 6 months (Feb’06 to Jul’06)

PERSONAL PROFILE:                                                                                     

 

Date of Birth
                  : 3rd Feb. 1984.

Address 

      : C/O, Mr. Rajkumar Prasad 

                                           Block-R/G,Flat-7.                                                      

                                           Diamond Harbour Rd,                                                                                     

                                           Kolkata -700038.

Languages Known               : English, Hindi and Bengali.

Hobbies & Interest              : Listening to music and playing indoor games.                                                          

Extra Curricular activities      : Event Management as a team member.

DECLARATION:                                                                                             

                    I do hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place: Hyderabad.                                                         Deepak Kumar Sinha                                                                

Date:  Dec’11                                                                    (Signature)



