




















































Mohd Taufeek Ahmad

Opp BK. 1892 Veer Tanaji Nagar   near old
Bus Stop  section 39,Ulhasnagar- 421005

Mail ID: Mohdtaufeek2011@gmail.com
Cell No: 8237148852

Having 3+years of Exposure in IT domain across various facts of Analysis, People Leadership, Technical Supports and Banking Support. Working Experience in banking domain provided more knowledge and challenges towards handling Applications and Production support in IT industry.
Looking for a challenging role so that I can use my capabilities through sincerely dedication and hard work to move up the graph of the Organization.

CAREER SUMMARY

· Innovative Application engineer expertise in banking applications and support for production  servers.
· Knowledge with programming proficiency in SQL and Oracle Database  and Linux, AIX.
· Working  Knowledge with programming proficiency in PL  SQL.
· Generate MIS reports on basis of business requirement.
· Good interpersonal communications, ability to work collaboratively and commitment to achieve corporate goals.
· Having fair knowledge of Banking Domains and IT industry.


TECHNICAL SKILLS

	Web Technologies
	HTML, XML,CSS

	
Databases
	 SQL Server 2010,Oracle 11g,

	Operating System
	Windows, AIX/ LINUX

	Web and Application Servers
	Web sphere application server 8.5,Jboss and Web logic

	Software Packages
	basic Java, SQL Developer, MS-SQL , MS Word




PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE


        Company :  Clover InfoTech

        ROLL:   Application/Production Support Engineer April 2015 to Till Date 

        Site:  Axis Bank Limited - Information Technology

       PROJECTS:-

· Mobile Banking , Internet Banking and Others Applications

ROLES & RESPONSIBILIES:-
· Working  as Production Support I.T. Engineer (10 Team Members).
· Working with Oracle  and SQL database (DML, DDL, DQL, Procedure, Function ).
· Use Oracle database and generate reports of  Bill Payment / Transaction Report Data on Daily and  Monthly Basis.
· Generate MIS reports on basis of business requirement.
· Providing production support (Deployment, Switch Over and Switch back) to various applications like Internet Banking, Mobile Banking, SMS Middleware and Axiom etc.
· To provide support to efficiently resolve incidents and problems with applications in order to maintain functional and operational availability of services.
· Performance monitoring of Internet Banking functionality and co-coordinating the same with the Quality Kiosk and Infosys.
· Internet Banking Retail & Corporate pin printing which enables our banks customer to access Internet Banking services.
· Giving Support to the Axis bank Payment gateway merchants.
· Generation & Delivery of CBDT files to E-Payment tax collecting branch and support in case of query.
· Compilation of E-statement / Bill Payment / Transaction Report Data on Monthly Basis.
· Handling IT-helpdesk query for Corporate and Retail customers related Internet Banking.
· Perform root-cause analysis for infrastructure related problems of applications and Ensure uptime.
· Provided technical support for development, deployment, and integration of database scripts with software product.

Certification: Successfully Certified in Software Engineering (GNIIT-2014) from NIIT

ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS

	Qualification
	University/Board
	Institute’s Name
	Division

	B.S.C
	Purvanchal University(u.p.)
	D.A.V. College
	2nd

	H.S.C.
	UP Board
	D.A.V. college
	2nd

	S.S.C. 
	UP  Board
	S.P.U college
	1st




PERSONAL INFORMATION

Date of Birth	25-04-1988
Nationality	Indian
Sex	Male
Marital Status	Single
Languages Known	English & Hindi 
						
							Taufeek Ahmad
	
			
					
