



























































Srinivasa Rao Kottakota
E-mail:- srinu.prf@gmail.com
Phone:- +91-9640308461

Summary

Having 4+ years of experience in Information Technology with skills in development, coding,
maintenance, implementation, integration and testing of web Applications (client/server
Applications).

 Expertise in web development using ASP.NET, C#.NET, Web services, WCF, HTML,
JavaScript, JQuery and AngularJS.

 Extensively worked with ADO.Net (Data Access) Technologies to access database objects for
connecting applications to data sources.

 Solid understanding of object-oriented concepts and its implementation using C#.Net.
 Experienced in SQL Server 2012, developing SQL DDL/DML Statements, Procedures,

Triggers, Views, Backup/Restore, export / import and other DBA responsibilities.
 Extensively worked with ASP.NET server side framework as well as Used JQuery Ajax to

enhance User Experience.
 Developed client-side validation library for validating HTML and ASP.NET controls using

JQuery.
 Designed and developed SQL Stored Procedures and Functions.
 UI Engineering using CSS, HTML and ASP.NET.
 Basic knowledge in MVC, AngularJS.
 Strong analytic and problem solving skills, quick learner, good interpersonal and enjoys

working in teams.
 Enthusiastic in working with new technologies and new applications.

Technical Summary

Languages : C#
Web Technologies : ASP.NET, ADO.net
Markup languages : HTML, XML
SOA Programming Tools : Web services, WCF
Client Side Technologies : JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, AngularJS
Web Server : IIS
Database : MS-SQL Server
IDE : MS-Visual Studio
Third-Party Tools : JEasyUI, Bootstrap, Fusion Charts, High Charts,

Full calendar, d3 js, DOJO Toolkit, Moment and Moment Range

Work History

Duration Organization Designation

July-2016 to Till Date Capgemini Pvt Ltd. Senior Software Engineer

Apr-2013 to July-2016 Ntranga IT Services Pvt Ltd,
DLF, Gachibowli, Hyderabad

Software Engineer

mailto:srinu.prf@gmail.com


Project Experience
Project #1
Name : HBME Regulatory Reporting
Front-end : C#
Role : Developer
Third-Party Tools : Winx Automation Studio

Description:
HBME Regulatory Reporting tool is for Excel reporting tool. This tool uses for handling

the excel file. Base on the requirement this tool creates the new excel output file with
calculations of the fields in different sheets. Based on the calculations in different sheets there
‘Validation Checks’ this will check the accurate result. Similarly there are 5 process, after those
all the process are developed. Then calculate for ‘Consolidated Report’. which uses to calculate
the report from all the process.

Responsibilities:
 Analyzing the Requirement Documents developed by the client.
 Involved in Designing Website Layout
 Prepared Business logic classes.

Project #2
Name : HK Payments
Front-end : C#
Role : Developer
Third-Party Tools : Winx Automation Studio

Description:
HK Payments is and Automation Process. This project use for getting data the banks

front end user by using an underlying application. Which uses Winx automation studio to
integration the underlying application. Based the integration.

Responsibilities:
 Analyzing the Requirement Documents developed by the client.
 Involved in Designing Website Layout
 Prepared Business logic classes.

Project #3
Name : MWM
Front-end : HTML, JavaScript, JQuery with Ajax, AngularJS
Database : MY Sql
Role : Web application Developer
Third-Party Tools : Full calendar, D3 js, Fusion charts

Description:
MWM is Mobile Workforce Management. It is the application to maintain the employee

information and performance. It is used to monitoring the employee by the manager and
employees itself.

The application maintains the employee profile, shift information, punch details, Leave
details and employee-traveled locations. In these two types of applications, one is mobile
application and web application. In mobile application used, take the employee punch details
and locations by getting gps values.



In web application used to monitoring the punch, details and locations travelled the
employee by day wise. In this, which process the employee hourly attendance, early-in and
late-in information, leave transactions and shift information.

In web application two types of interfaces one is for manager and another is for
employee which differentiate based on login. The manager can view his performance and
reportees working under him.

Responsibilities:
 Analyzing the Requirement Documents developed by the client.
 Developing the entire web application by processing the performance of

employee
 Involved in Designing Website Layout and Design using Master Pages, CSS and

HTML.
 Involved in following modules

• Login module
• leave transaction module
• Shift information module

 Prepared CSS classes which helped the look and feel.

Project #4
Name : IT Governance
Front-end : C#, ASP.Net, HTML, JQuery
Database : SQL Server 2008
Role : Developer
Third-Party Tools : Fusion charts , High charts

Description:
IT Governance is processes that ensure the effective and efficient use of IT in enabling

an organization to achieve its goals. It is used to maintain the projects with allocated
employee’s performance.

The application maintains the number of projects and the resources that are allocated
for the project and what is the percentage of allocation of the employee. It is maintained by the
manager to observe the employee and their performance by allocated performance by the all
projects.

Responsibilities:
 Analyzing the Requirement Documents developed by the client.
 Involved in Designing Website Layout and Design using Master Pages, CSS and

HTML.
 Prepared CSS classes which helped the look and feel.
 Wrote Stored Procedures, Queries required.
 Involved in functionality of maintain the resource allocation and percentage of

their involvement in the project.

Project #5
Name : Resume Parser
Front-end : C#, ASP.Net, HTML, JQuery
Role : Developer

Description:
Resume Parser is process of analyzing the resume, conforming the rules of a formal

grammar. Converting the resume from source format to our own destination format.



Resume parser application is differ the heading and paragraph words. Finding the
number of words and filter by the characteristics of the words like italic, bold, underline,
uppercase etc… and providing the rating based on characteristics of the word. Then it will be
filter the Heading word by highest rating and similar rating, similarly it will find the sub heading
s and then the paragraph words based on the rating provided by the characteristics.

Responsibilities:
 Analyzing the Requirement Documents developed by the client.
 Involved in Designing Website Layout and Design using Master Pages, CSS and

HTML.
 Prepared CSS classes which helped the look and feel.
 Involved in functionality of reading and writing words into the word documents
 Used file systems an datatable of extensively to enhance the words.

Project #6
Name : FulcHRum CRM
Front-end : C#, ASP.Net, HTML, JQuery, Ajax
Database : SQL Server 2008
Role : Developer
Third-Party Tools : JEasyUI

Description:
CRM means Customer Relationship Management application is customer-

oriented feature with service response based on customer input, one-to-one solutions to
customers' requirements, direct online communications with customer and customer service
centers that are intended to help customers solve their issues.

CRM systems that track and measure marketing campaigns over multiple networks,
tracking customer analysis by customer clicks and sales.

CRM implements sales promotion analysis, automates the tracking of a client's account
history for repeated sales or future sales, and coordinates sales, marketing, call centers, and
retail outlets.

Responsibilities:
 Analyzing the Requirement Documents developed by the client.
 Involved in Designing Website Layout and Design using Master Pages, CSS and

HTML.
 Prepared CSS classes which helped the look and feel.
 Wrote Classes that can be reused.
 Created Primary Keys, Foreign Keys, NOT NULL’s, and Unique keys Relation Ships.
 Involved in design of microsites using divs and css.
 Used Jquery Ajax extensively to enhance User Experience.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Customer_orientation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Customer_orientation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sales_promotion


Academic

Course Discipline/

Specialization

School/college Board/
University

Year of
passing

% of
marks

B.Tech Electronics &
Communication
Engineering

Sri Sivani College of
Engineering,
Srikakulam.

JNTU Kakinada,
A.P

2012 65%

Intermediate M.P.C

Govt junior college,
Rajam.

Board of
intermediate
education, A.P

2008 82.4%

S.S.C ------- Govt High School,

Rajam.

Board of
secondary

education, A.P
2006 65%

Personal Details

Date of Birth 10th July, 1991

Father's Name Mr. K Nagaraju

Nationality Indian

Contact No +91 9640308461

Email Srinu.prf@gmail.com

Place:
Date: (K Srininvasa Rao)


	Summary
	Technical Summary
	Work History
	Project Experience
	Name   :HBME Regulatory Reporting
	Name   :HK Payments
	Name   :MWM
	Name   :IT Governance
	Name   :Resume Parser
	Name   :FulcHRum CRM
	Academic 
	Personal Details
	Date of Birth
	10th July, 1991
	Father's Name
	Mr. K Nagaraju
	Nationality
	Indian
	Contact No
	+91 9640308461
	Email

