NEERAJ OMPRAKASH PANDEY
Phone :- 908-***-**** / 976-***-**** E-Mail :- ad40f9@r.postjobfree.com
An enthusiastic and high energy driven professional aiming for assignments in Business Development & Marketing & Sales (MMS - Marketing) with an organization of high repute offering challenging work profile in Competitive Industry preferably in Mumbai. Knowledgeable Business Development Manager dedicated to improving procedures for file movements, eliminating unnecessary storage and maintaining information safe and secure. Verifies documents, researches problems and implements effective solutions. Energetic and reliable Office Manager skilled at working with diverse groups of people. Strong track record of motivating teams to achieve project goals. Expert at administrative processes and office procedures. Customer-focused manager, successfully contributing to company profits by improving team efficiency and productivity. Skilled at effective negotiations and upselling techniques. Utilizes excellent organizational skill to enhance efficiency and lead teams to achieve outstanding sales.
Course School /College
and City
University /
Board
Full time/part
time/ distance
learning
Year of
Passing
Percentage
%
S.S.C IES’S SECONDARY
CHARKOP HIGH
SCHOOL
MAHARASHTRA
BOARD
FULL TIME 2005 63%
H.S.C. THAKUR COLLEGE MUMBAI
UNIVERSITY
FULL TIME 2007 65%
B.COM
Graduation
BUNDELKHAND
UNIVERSITY
BUNDELKHAND
UNIVERSITY
(UTTAR
PRADESH)
FULL TIME 2010 68%
Post
Graduation
KALA INSTITUTE
OF MANAGEMENT
STUDIES AND
RESEARCH
MUMBAI
UNIVERSITY
FULL TIME 2013 74%
SYNOPSIS:
Possess sound knowledge of the Banking & Telecom domain with expertise in sales & marketing.
Proven ability to work efficiently in both independent and team work environments.
A keen planner with skills in troubleshooting and handling complex issues effectively.
Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills.
Find detail Information of Competitors (competitor analysis). Qualification:- Master of Business Administration
(MBA- Marketing) Marketing & Sale B2B & B2C
Summary Objective:
Education Qualification:
RELIANCE JIO INFOCOMM LIMITED-Telecomm Industry Mumbai February 2021 to Present
Department Marketing & Sales (B2B & B2C)
Designation Sr. Business Development Manager
Duration February 2021 to Present Date
Leverage exceptional negotiation and persuasion skill to successfully close lucrative sales deals totaling USD 700K within 4months through strategic partnership, contributing significantly to the company’s revenue growth.
Led sales and boosted lead generation by 14%, applying proactive sales strategies, and enhancing sales funnel.
Secured a CSAT score of 95% and NPS of 70, through implementation of customer-centric initiatives and delivering exceptional service.
Created reports and presentations detailing business development activities, leading to improved time efficiency by 30%.
Devised strategies and roadmaps to support product vision and value to business, resulting in a 10% increase in revenue and a 3% increase in market share as per the latest market and technology boom.
Established and cultivated solid business relationship with new and existing customers, resulting in a 30% increase in new business and a 20% increase in cross-selling & upselling opportunities.
Governed revenue models, process flows, operations support, and customer engagement strategies, result in a 10% increase in customer retention rate.
Managing & Handling a sales officer team responsibility involves overseeing and guiding a team of sales officer to achieve sales target, providing mentorship, setting performance goals, conducting regular performance evaluations, implementing sales strategies and ensuring effective communication within the team.
This involves setting clear sales targets, providing training and support, conducting regular performance reviews, and fostering a collaborative and high-performing team culture.
This includes generating periodic reports on key performance metrics, financial results, project status updates, and other relevant information to track progress towards organizational goals.
This process 10:4:1 & 3:1 help me to set accuracy benchmark to perform achieve individual target, team achievement target, also manage to handle channel partner accuracy and timeliness of the reports, as well as interpreting the data to provide actionable recommendations for decision-making.
Work Experience
Internet Leased Line (ILL)
Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS Solution)
Session Initiation Protocol (SIP Trunk)
Primary Rate Interface) (PRI Line)
Company Owned Company Paid (COCP - Postpaid & Prepaid Sims - Card )
Business Broadband Services.
Railtel Corporation of India Limited-Telecomm Industry Mumbai January 2019 to January 2021
RailTel Corporation a "Mini Ratna (Category-I)" PSU is one of the largest neutral telecom infrastructure providers in the country owning a Pan-India optic fiber network on exclusive Right of Way (ROW) along Railway track
Department Marketing & Sales (B2B & B2C)
Designation Assistant Manager
Duration February 2019 to January 2021
Key result Areas: Corporate Organization & Government PSU & MSME Customers
Managing & Handling a sales officer team responsibility involves overseeing and guiding a team of sales officer to achieve sales target, providing mentorship, setting performance goals, conducting regular performance evaluations, implementing sales strategies and ensuring effective communication within the team.
This involves setting clear sales targets, providing training and support, conducting regular performance reviews, and fostering a collaborative and high-performing team culture.
This includes generating periodic reports on key performance metrics, financial results, project status updates, and other relevant information to track progress towards organizational goals.
This process 5:2:1 & 3:1 help me to set accuracy benchmark to perform achieve individual target, team achievement target, also manage to handle channel partner accuracy and timeliness of the reports, as well as interpreting the data to provide actionable recommendations for decision-making.
Acquire Government clients in various sectors for providing the solutions as a like
Bids & Seller GeM-Portal Government e Marketplace for procurement of good & service for all Central Government and State Government and State Government Ministries, Departments Public Sector Units (PSUs) and affiliated.
Internet Leased Line (ILL)
Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS Solution)
Session Initiation Protocol (SIP Trunk)
Primary Rate Interface) (PRI Line)
Business Broadband Services (BBS).
Meetings with department decision-making company IT managers or Admin managers of the corporate HNI client & industrial proprietor SME’s. Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) September 2016 to December 2018.
Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation is a project of the government of Maharashtra state in India and is the leading corporation of Maharashtra. It provides businesses with infrastructure such as land, roads, water supply, drainage facilities and street lights with single window Clearances. Responsibilities: Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) Project FDI investment in MIDC Maharashtra
Identify and prospect potential Domestic Client interested is setting up business with the different nationalities investment develop and implement strategies to attract Indian companies interested in expanding their market presence to international market FDI.
Prepare and presentation proposals, quotations, and contract to prospective client to facilities Manufacture industries and Service industries also MSME Growth investment attractive Scheme & Subsidy from state Government of Maharashtra & Central Government of India.
Manage the end to end sales process, from initial contract to closing deals and ensuring smooth onboarding between Investor set B2B meetings with different Government Sector and Corporate B2B meeting along with Single window clearness. doing entrepreneurship management, road shows, seminars, exhibition to attract investments in Maharashtra.
Bids & Seller GeM-Portal Government E- Marketplace for procurement of good & service for all Central Government and State Government and State Government Ministries, Departments Public Sector Units (PSUs) and affiliated.
Responsible for the arrangement of meetings, events, road shows, seminars, exhibition to attract investments in Maharashtra.
Organized site visits for investors, coordinated with Regional Officers and Area managers, liaising between investors and field officers.
Collected and updated information regarding availability of plots and layouts inside MIDC Land area.
Maintained up-to-date information related to expansion plans and acquisition of land of each industrial area within assigned division.
Enlisted major companies of each industrial sector within assigned division and identified future expansion plans of those companies to facilitate them with our infrastructure.
Projects Coordinate Undertaken MIDC & State Government of Maharashtra
Free Trade Warehouse Zone (FTWZ) with Rail siding project in the Country.
BSE & MCX & ICCL under guides of WDRA
Projects Coordinate Undertaken MIDC & State Government of Maharashtra
1. Foxconn Project in Maharashtra (MF 101)
2. Make in India week Project
3. Free Trade Warehouse Zone (FTWZ) with Rail siding project. 4. Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Project (DMIC). 5. Digital India Telecom industry.
BANGUR CEMENT :- Responsibilities: Appointing Dealer & Retailer into Trade & Non Trade Market in Cement Industry.
Department Marketing & Sales
Designation Business Development manager
Duration October 2014 to August 2016
Responsibilities: Appointing Dealer & Retailer into Trade & Non Trade Market in Cement Industry.
Increasing Trade & Non Trade business in Cement industry.
Maintaining good bonding relationship between Dealer & Retailer communication Scheme & Service.
Handling location Area South Mumbai Belt & Enter Palghar region PPC & OPC.
Leverage exceptional negotiation and persuasion skill to successfully close lucrative sales deals totaling USD 500K within 6months through strategic partnership, contributing significantly to the company’s revenue growth.
Led sales and boosted lead generation by 10%, applying proactive sales strategies, and enhancing sales funnel.
Secured a CSAT score of 75% and NPS of 50, through implementation of customer-centric initiatives and delivering exceptional service.
Created reports and presentations detailing business development activities, leading to improved time efficiency by 30%.
Devised strategies and roadmaps to support product vision and value to business, resulting in a 10% increase in revenue and a 5% increase in market share as per the latest market and technology boom.
Established and cultivated solid business relationship with new and existing customers, resulting in a 20% increase in new business and a 10% increase in cross-selling & upselling opportunities.
Governed revenue models, process flows, operations support, and customer engagement strategies, result in a 10% increase in customer retention rate.
Managing & Handling a sales officer team responsibility involves overseeing and guiding a team of sales officer to achieve sales target, providing mentorship, setting performance goals, conducting regular performance evaluations, implementing sales strategies and ensuring effective communication within the team.
This involves setting clear sales targets, providing training and support, conducting regular performance reviews, and fostering a collaborative and high-performing team culture.
This includes generating periodic reports on key performance metrics, financial results, project status updates, and other relevant information to track progress towards organizational goals.
This process 10:4:1 & 3:1 help me to set accuracy benchmark to perform achieve individual target, team achievement target, also manage to handle channel partner accuracy and timeliness of the reports, as well as interpreting the data to provide actionable recommendations for decision-making.
India Info line Finance Ltd.(IIFL)
Department Marketing and Sales B2B and B2C
Designation Relationship Manager (RM).
Duration February 2013 to Sept 2014.
Responsibilities at IIFL:- To provide GOLD against LOAN
GOLD LOAN
HOME LOAN
LOAN AGAINST PROPERTY
MORTGAGE LOAN
MUTUAL FUND
LIFE INSURANCE
o Identify quality & purity of Gold in any form by manual process. o Calculation of Gold valuation pledged by customer. o Maintain accounting process, records and handling cash in the branch for Gold Loan transactions.
o Responsible for cross selling products like Home loan, loan against Property, Personal loan, Business loans, Balance Transfer, Insurance, Mutual funds, etc. o Effective marketing activities performed for business growth & profitability of the branch. o Revenue generation through Gold Loan & other cross sell products. o New customer acquisition and Managing the branch portfolio. o Developing new clients & negotiating with them, ensuring win-win for both company and the Client.
CORE COMPETENCIES
o Sales & Marketing & Competitor’s Analysis.
o Revenue Generation & Market Research.
o MIS & Documentation & Financial Reporting & Analysis. o Sales Promotion & Client Relationship Management. o Key Account Management.
o Communicator
o Innovator
o Collaboration
o Thinker
o Team Player
o Intuitive
o Product and Service Knowledge
o Sales Monitoring
o Customer Complaint Management
o Outstanding Customer Service
o Customer Relationship Building
Campaign Management – it’s merge the target market data with existing customer data to drive effective marketing campaigns. Campaign management usually includes inbound and outbound marketing, customer segmentation, market analysis, email marketing, campaign creation, campaign performance, campaign execution, project management, and analyzing and measuring the effectiveness of the campaign.
Adobe Campaign
Zoha Campaigns
Mind matrix
Sales force
Hub Spot
Dynamics 365
Active Campaign
Branding - is the image process of creating the brand identity of a company and also, to identity for a business in the mind of your target audience and consumers.
Understand your brand perception
Create a vision
Define your values
Build your personality
Digital Marketing - also called online marketing, is the promotion of brands to connect with potential customers using the internet and other forms of digital communication. This includes not only email, social media, and web-based advertising, but also text and multimedia messages as a marketing channel.
B2B & B2C
Partner Marketing - to target enterprise customers through the channel and partner ecosystem using a robust mix of marketing activities including brand, PR, events, communications, content creation, and social media. The Marketing Manager will work closely with central marketing leads for brand, PR, events, digital, and product as well as field marketing leads across. The role would collaborate closely with the non-quota carrying partner enablement and quota- carrying sales teams owning partners and channels.
Develop a channel and partner marketing plan including strategy, goals, budget, and tactics
Be the marketing lead for global and regional prioritized partners across all regions.
Establish metrics to generate outsized demand and pipeline creation for the entire portfolio
Develop targeted prospect plans in partnership with regional field marketing and sales teams.
Establish metrics to generate outsized demand and pipeline creation for the entire portfolio
Develop targeted prospect plans in partnership with regional field marketing and sales teams
Develop media relations and social media presence across offline and online channels
Create a dynamic and relevant event strategy and plan, working with partners CORE COMPETENCIES
MS Word,
MS Excel,
MS Power Point,
MS Outlook
Making new friends
Listening to music and travelling
Dancing
Net surfing
Sports: Cricket, Athletics.
Communicator
Innovator
Collaboration
Thinker
Team Player
Intuitive
Date of Birth 05th September 1987
Marital Status Married
Nationality Indian
Languages Known English, Hindi, Marathi and Gujarati Address 92/A- Pranik Garden, Mahavir Nagar,
Kandivali West, Mumbai :- 400067
Date:- Signature
Place:- Mumbai

Basic Computer Knowledge
Interests
SOFT SKILLS
Personal Details
Contact this candidate