PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL PROFILE

Cell: +**(*)** 058 3609 E-Mail: ad41h8@r.postjobfree.com

PROFILE OF MOSIUOA MCDONALDMALEBO
Previous Employment
Bauer De Wet Group of Companies
Availability/Notice Period
One Month

Surname
Malebo
First Names
Mosiuoa McDonald

Citizenship
South African

Identity No
670-***-**** 081
Vehicle Licence
EB
Gender
Male
Passport Status
Valid
Residing in
Bloemfontein
Areas to consider
Willing to Relocate
Languages Spoken
English / Afrikaans / South Sotho / Setswana / IsiXhosa / IsiZulu
Expectation
Negotiable

ACHIEVEMENTS
Work Related Overseas Exposure
2007 – Attended the Electro Magnetic Measure While Drilling Systems (EM-MWD) in Houston, USA NGL Headquarters
Witnessed the practical application of EM-MWD at Surtron Engineering in Brisbane, Australia
2011 – Product training on Sandvik Underground Mining Equipment including bolters and Low profile machines in Lyon, France and Mining Jumbo’s, long - hole drilling (Production Drills) and secondary breakers at Sandvik Factory in Tampere, Finland
2013 - Technical Training: TCAD, iSure and THC561 Constant Speed Drilling, Sandvik Training Centre, Tampere, Finland.

ACQUIRED SKILLS / ABILITIES

Problem-solving
Analytic Thinking
Strategic Planning
Report Writing
Drilling Fluid Management
Environmental Management
Data Analysis
Blast design
OHSAS 18001 : Occupational Health & Safety
Technical investigation
Stress Management
Financial Management
Contract Management
Aftersales Management
Business Development
Health and Safety
Rig Management
Operations Management
Site Management
Risk Management
Risk Assessments
Key Account Management
Quality Control& Management
Product Management& Support
Logistics Planning
Stakeholder Engagement
HR Functions
Marketing & Sales Management
Sales & Marketing Strategies
Presentations
Project Planning
Cost Control
Budget Management
Change Management
Performance Management
Performance Management
Implementation Management
Training
BBBEE Score Card
Crisis Management
Business Strategy
Staff Development
Innovative Drilling Technique& Methods
Communication Skills
Project Management
Computer Literate
Customer Service
Staff Management
ISO 9001 : Quality
Time Management
Customer Relation Management
Negotiation Skill
CAPSIM Business Simulator Training

EDUCATION DETAILS

Highest Grade
Grade 12
Institution
Moemedi High School

Year Passed
1983

Qualification
Manage Managers Development Programme
Institution
Gordon Institute Of Business Science

Year Passed
2010

Qualification
Executive Preparation Programme in Mining and Minerals
Institution
University Of South Africa / Witwatersrand University & University of Johannesburg

Year Passed
2005

Qualification
SAIM Programme in Business Management
Institution
University Of South Africa

Year Passed
2005

Qualification
Sasol Leadership Development Programme
Institution
University Of Stellenbosch

Year Passed
2001

Qualification
Strategic Project Management Certificate
Institution
College Of Project Management

Year Passed
2001

Qualification
Surface Blasting Technology
Institution
Academy Of Explosive Technology

Year Passed
2001

Qualification
National Diploma in Metalliferous Mining
Institution
Technikon SA

Year Passed
Incomplete

Qualification
Executive Development Program
Institution
University of Witwatersrand Business School

Year Passed
2017

*Qualification
Master in Business Administration (MBA)
Institution
Atlantic International University

Year Completed
2017 (Graduated in 2022 when tuition fees where fully paid)

ADDITIONAL COURSES / CERTIFICATES

Mechanised Tunnelling in Mining & Civil Construction – 2014
Master Class in Trenchless Technology -2009
National Higher Drilling Practice Certificate – 2001
National Drilling Practice Certificate – 2000
Basic Drilling Practice Certificate – 1999
Surface Overseer Certificate - 1997
Open Cast/ Surface Blasting Certificate – 1997
Metalliferous Blasting Certificate – 1990

COMPUTER LITERACY

Ms Word
Ms Excel
Sales Tools
Ms Power Point
Ms Projects
Lotus Notes
Path tracker 3.0
Path tracker 5.0
Ms Outlook
Internet
5D Well Planning
SAP

CAREER DETAILS

Name of Employer
Bauer De Wet Equipment (De Wet Drilling )
Designation / Title
GM : Drilling Operations : Jwaneng Mine Debswana (Botswana), Country Manager: (Mozambique, Inhassoro), Oil & Gas Drilling
Marketing & Aftersales Manager: Southern Africa (Bauer De Wet Equipment)
Period of Employment
2015 – March 2020
Reason for Leaving
Covid lay off
GM : Drilling Operations (Jwaneng Mine Botswana) – August 2017 to March 2020

Organise equipment and human resource in line with Project Requirements.
Participate in logistical planning to ensure that the materials, equipment and personnel to needed to implement the various steps of the drilling program on site when needed.
To liaise between client and company personnel to ensure work is carried out according to an agreed schedule and within the terms of the contract
Co-ordination and execution of activities in accordance with approved procedures for the base and site operations ensuring that the quality system is adhered to on a day to day basis
Ensuring that all candidates are completely compliant to Debswana SHERQ standard.
Provide ongoing leadership and mentoring for the Drilling Team through effective use of the Performance Management process, to provide regular, constructive feedback on performance, improve individual development and capability and enhance employee engagement, productivity and job satisfaction.
Promote well site awareness of company HSE policies and directives
Prepare and summarize progress reports for management and client staff.
Ensure accuracy and completion of reports before submission to Geology department.
Prepare resources as per requirements, support drilling personnel and recommend optimization technologies and process.
Coordinate with material suppliers and contractors.
Analyse and design drilling plans according to data and rate of production
Ensure that the drilling mud is effective in drilling kimberlite.
Assist and supervise drilling team and production personnel to execute well designs and drilling in a cost-effective way.

Country Manager (Mozambique, Inhassoro) August 2016 –July 2017

Lead and coordinate the administration of import and export of equipment and goods.
Ensure that DWD Mozambique comply with the Project Labour Plan (Employment agreement between Department of Labour in Inhambane Province, Unions and Sasol).
Prepare and submit detailed reports of daily site activities and well costs versus time and allocated budget.
Participate in logistical planning to ensure that the materials, equipment and personnel to needed to implement the various steps of the drilling program on site when needed.
Manage and Coordinate flights, transportation and accommodation for all expats
To liaise between client and company personnel to ensure work is carried out according to an agreed schedule and within the terms of the contract
Manage profit and loss of the Mozambique business.
Engage with Government Ministry of Labour and Internal Affairs
Ensuring all information is stored accurately, legally and securely in line with Data Protection.
Providing strong administrative support to drilling team
Responsible for maintenance of all equipment and vehicles within the country.
Managing, monitoring, adapting and reporting on the progress of approved exploration programs whilst providing quality technical feedback and direction and modifying project plans and aligning resources depending on drilling results and economic potential.
Coordinate the drilling activities in line with work plan, ensure that all activities are consistently aligned with project delivery and meeting operational targets.
Provide on-site supervision of critical operations, such as fishing, logging, coring, running and cementing.
Implementation of ISO: 9001:2015

Marketing & Aftersales Manager – March 2015 to July 2016
Key Performance Areas

Identify and analyse market potentials for new and existing products.
Understand current and future market trends.
Develop and implement the Marketing strategy for all new and existing products according to the business guidelines.
Measure market share and identify competition- Define sales arguments of key products versus competition.
Drive new product development in conjunction with Chief Operational Officer’, Directors and Head of Departments.
Ensure professional and on-time product launches.
Lead development and communication of new product launch materials, sales tools, marketing materials and campaigns.
Ensure professional and on-time product issue resolution.
Lead creation of new and creative sales and marketing materials.
Provide technical product support to the existing clients and after-market service.
Customer orientation and passion for delivering service excellence
Daily review of customer equipment needs with onsite visits
Provide customer requested specifications on new equipment and rental equipment.
Undertaking maintenance service and repair activities in existing machines.
Ensure the highest standards in terms of maintenance and service.
Ensure sustaining level of expertise within the technical department.
Reporting on a regular and organized basis on developments and results.
To maintain up-to-date records on activities and achievements.
Training attended
Product training on Bauer De Wet Equipment. Surface Drilling and Blasting Machine: Rhino 1300 and 2200 and Oil and Gas and deep hole drilling Machines: Buffalo 60 and 90 in Rasesa, Botswana
Name of Employer
Sandvik Mining And Construction – Underground Mining
Designation / Title
Regional Product Line Manager (RPLM) – Underground Drilling Equipment: Africa
Period of Employment
August 2011 - May 2014
Reason for Leaving
Retrenchment
Provide sales support (may include providing leads, assisting on sales calls, making presentations, providing training, providing competitive intelligence to Account Managers and Sales Representatives.
Create business plans and targets for the product range in collaboration with Vice – Presidents and the Regional Customer Segment Manager (RCSM). This included the introduction of new products and the phasing out of old products.
Develops and communicates product selection and offering to be sold in the Region, including regional product specification harmonization.
Provides significant input into strategic plans for the continued expansion of the product line for all relevant Customer Segment (CS) within the region.
Coordinates relevant data from the market for the development of new product offerings.
Participates in the Product Management team to develop and implement plans and actions in accordance with global and regional initiatives and guidelines
Create reviews, modification and report Machine Operating Lifetime Costs with aftermarket and Product Line Managers
Identify spare parts in cooperation with aftermarket critical inventory to support the products over its lifetime.
Participate in global product offering development teams.
Responsible for equipment ordering and forecasting.
Participate in pricing process in line with Sandvik Mining Construction (SMC) guidelines.
Ensure warranty handling and reporting is performed according to warranty handling process to achieve agreed targets
Coach, motivate, train and evaluate team members to accomplish defined goals and objectives.
Manage, motivate and influence ad hoc teams as driven by business needs.
Ensure implementation of the technical training programs for sales and service personnel for the respective products.
Assist with the compilation of quotations, tender documentation, pricing strategies, and the supply of marketing material to support sales efforts.
Visits key customers in conjunction with the sales team to provide in depth product knowledge. This includes development of customer relationships with key clients and to help the aftermarket teams to develop their business needs.
Coordinate and review the information collated by the RCSMs, ensuring that product performance levels and specifications meet customer requirements.
Maintain up to date information for competitor product development, performance, market size and market share data.
Ensure that new equipment testing and trials are performed according to the test plan and budget as agreed with Vice – Presidents
Coordinate promotional and marketing material in conjunction with the Marketing team.
Comply with SMC safety policies and applicable government, customer or industry regulations and requirements (including product safety and Environmental Health and Safety)
Participate in product risk assessments as required.
Ensure that all activities are carried out in accordance with Company Values.

Sandvik Career Achievements
Involved in developing Operator Screen on Low profile machines.
Introduce the first low profile machine from Sandvik at Gold Fields Mine South Deep.
Involved in developing South African Mechanised Mining equipment Specification.
Investigated frame and boom failure in Zambia, which lead to review of machine technical specification.
Instrumental in Sandvik awarded Booysendal Mine
Name of Employer
Sasol Mining – Engineering And Operational Services
Designation / Title
Drilling Operations Manager
Rig Manager: Directional Drilling
Site Manager: Directional Drilling
Directional Drilling Superintendent
Directional Driller
Period of Employment
1997 – 2011
Reason for Leaving
Career Progression
Drilling Operations Manager – July 2009 to June 2011

People management (62 people in department. Direct reports – 3 x Site Managers, Technical Manager, Drilling Specialist, Snr Safety Officer and Chief Planner)
Financial management
Environmental management.
Risk and Performance management.
Provide leadership, direction and monitor safety, health and quality program.
Interface with Mine Managers, Mineral Resource Division and Divisional Geology Manager in developing exploration budget,
Ensure continuous professional development to keep up with new technologies and procedures
Establish and maintain communication of key issues across the organization including employee, mines, and Executive Management.
Evaluate existing technical manuals and standards drawing to incorporate new technology
Promote a culture of diversity and carry out Management responsibilities in accordance with the Company’s policies
Develop close teamwork relationships within different functional leaders to create, standardize, implement and monitor best practice throughout the drilling operations
Support Site Managers, Technical Manager, Drilling Specialist and Planning Division to ensure that exploration plans are safely and cost effectively executed
Proactively manage changes in exploration project plan, identify potential crisis and devise contingency plan
Establish and maintain effective working relationships with the Mines, the community and external stakeholders in and around Drilling Operations
Prepare capital and operating budget and manage expenditure
Advice Mining Personnel and Geologist on exploration pattern and plan
Participate in preparing directional drilling tender documents and negotiating process.
Establish Department goals and performance objectives
Ensure that performance contract and development plan of every employee is in line with Organization objectives
Promote sound and ethical business practices that develop trust and further the best interests of all stakeholders
Appointed as 3.1 for Drilling Operations in Sasol Mining including Contractors

Sasol Career Achievements

Drilled 2164 m long hole in the coal seam from Surface
1529 m long directional hole in coal seam from underground
Involved in Drilling more 550 000 metre of directional drilling holes in coal seam
Increase average production output from 1500 – 4500 m average per month
Achieve 98% Employee Engagement on Gallup Survey 2009 – 2010
Achieved 8% Woman in Mining target 2008 and 14% in 2010
Designed 4 ‘Impregnated insert on bit to drill through dolerite intrusions

Rig Manager – July 2003 to June 2009

Support for Technical and Operational personnel
Coordinate Technical and Operational activities
Prepare and Manage Directional Drilling Departmental budget
Drilling fluid management
Develop and implement directional drilling best practices
Identify the latest Directional Drilling technology in the market

Site Manager – January 2002 to June 2003

Manage site budget and daily liaison with mine geologist
Coordination of the rig crew (4 shifts)
Manage day-to-day drilling activities on site
Ensure that safety, environmental and other governmental laws and policies are adhered to
Support site crew to achieve monthly production targets and management of personnel

Directional Drilling Superintendent – October 1999 to Dec 2001

Coordinate rig turns and move
Service bottom hole assembly
Manage the set up and take down of the rigs
Conduct prep work prior to rig set up
Lead fishing operations

Directional Driller – Nov 1997 to September 1999

Drill plot hole include cementing and casing operations
Drill as per planned deflections
Supervise drilling screw on shift
Plot coordinates on plan and section
Insert information on the path tracker and interpret
Meet set production targets
Name of Employer
Pretoria Portland Cement (PPC) Riebeek – Quarry
Designation / Title
Quarry Foreman
Period of Employment
April 1996 – October 1997
Reason for Leaving
Career Advancement
People Management
Explosive control
Do blast design
Equipment Planning & utilization
Technical investigation and Problem saving
Standard Operating Procedures development/review/update
Training of personnel
Statistical data analysis
Liaise with Production departments
Name of Employer
Anglo American Freegold Mines
Designation / Title
Stoper
Acting Shifting Boss
Period of Employment
February 1989 - March1996
Reason for Leaving
Career Advancement
Drilling and blasting
Ensure mine standards are adhered to
Meet set monthly production targets
Supervisory duties
Health and Safety
Courses attended
NOSA Safety Representative
Principles of Supervision
Name of Employer
Poly Flora
Designation / Title
Quality Controller
Period of Employment
January 1985 – January1989
Reason for Leaving
New Challenge
Check Supplier raw materials against specification
Liaise with dispatch department
Meet set monthly production targets
Check final product before dispatch
Leadership qualities at SASOL
Serve in the Engineering and Operational Service Talent Committee
Serve in the Engineering and Operational Service Manpower Planning Committee
Serve in the Standardization Committee: Drilling
Chairperson of 1st level Safety Committee
Serve in the In-Situ Gasification Project Committee

Teamwork and Passion for excellence
I work very well with people and throughout my career I have been interacting with people from all levels in the organisations where I have been employed. I have a passion of making a positive difference in people’s lives. I am driven by challenges, achievement and am results orientated.

Communication skills
Due to the nature of my job I have developed communication skills, which are important for me and the organisation in order to achieve the desired outcomes. I have managed to work well with people of different levels and diverse backgrounds in order to fulfil my job.

Problem solving
Through the experience that I have gained in multiple fields of work and positions – I have acquired problem-solving skills and developed methods to identify and resolve issues.

References
Ulla Korsman - Kopra
Epiroc (Sweden)
Previous Line Manager
Mobile: +358-**-***-****
Email: ad41h8@r.postjobfree.com

Mr Schalk Van Wyk(South Africa)
Sasol Mining
Previous Line Manager
Mobile: +27 (0-82-339-****
Email: ad41h8@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate