ERIC D. MCLEOD
Taunton, MA *****
781-***-****
ad429k@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/emcleod/
Summary:
Over twenty-five years of high-caliber technical professional sales and building sales teams with a constant record of distinguished accomplishments in relationship building. I have built sales teams and worked on new sales strategies and targeted new markets for penetration. Demonstrated ability to create and manage high volume accounts. A reputation that is well-established for achieving financial targets and generating repeat and referral business. Self-motivated individual, team player with a positive “can-do” attitude, committed to delivering quality service in a cost-effective manner. Effective communicator with the ability to provide solutions, assess customer needs, overcome objections, and close the sale successfully in my given region. Value I can bring to you:
Manage Sales team, Representatives, Distributorships and Projects
Focus on providing Solutions to Existing Clients and New Opportunities
Create, Execute and Negotiate a Sales Plan to Open Doors and Build Relationships with New Clients and to Grow the Business
Background:
Experience in multiple industries including Fiber Optical Cables, Telecommunications, Technology, Space Management, Security, Sound, Lighting, and Fixtures in both commercial and residential structures, well versed in schematics, blueprints, floor plans, interior design. Having an extensive experience in new markets and developing business, selling to owners, presidents to engineers with a positive attitude, keep up to date with the latest technology while building a lasting reputation. Areas of Expertise:
Trainer & Motivator
Problem-Solver & Trouble-Shooter
Business, Sales, Marketing Plans
Stock & Operations Management
Forecasting & Budget
Time Management
Establishing Distributorships
Developing & Presenting Concepts
Act as liaison with Management
Developing New Business
Growing Existing Business
Customer Relationship Management
Sales Presentations
Trade Show Design
Designing New Products
Negotiate with Confidence
Inspections & Reading prints and plans
Cold Calling & Prospecting
Targeting & Closing Sales
Sales with Consultative & Solution Style
Layout and Design Projects
Career Accomplishments:
Linden Photonics, Inc. – Establishing working relationships with 7 representative firms and introducing our products to three new industries.
intlx Solutions, LLC – Worked with national accounts including Rhode Island Airport Corporation. Partners Technology LLC. – Added many new clients and grew our existing business with (5) new municipalities. TechTele Communications LLC.- Took Database from 1,892 to 31,000 records. Acoustic Technology Inc. – Added 12 new representatives in my region and proposed over $17 million in projects.
AYR1 Inc. – Recognized as being one of the Top Performers each month for my office Technology Sales Inc. – Exceeded target customer contacts by 20% and met all goals in design wins. GE Fanuc, Hasbro, and Invensys were some of my accounts.
Computer Experience:
Proficient in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint), OpenOffice, Google (Shared, Docs, Sheets, Slides) and many other software programs and applications. CRM–Goldmine, Act, Salesforce, Tigerpaw, Harmony, CloudBlue PSA, Hubspot, and other Databases. Video Conferencing using: Zoom, Miteams, GotoMeeting, Vidyo and many other software programs and applications.
ERIC D. MCLEOD
Taunton, MA 02780, 781-***-****, ad429k@r.postjobfree.com
(Page 2)
Professional Background:
MARKET SALES MANAGER – Fiber Optical Cables, Hybrid Cables, Copper Cables Linden Photonics, Inc., Westford, Massachusetts 12/2023 - Present Work with our clients to engineer and manufacture custom optical fiber cables, hybrid cables and specialty copper cables to meet their requirements and needs. We work hard to provide a very high-quality cable for a wide range of uses. Our cables are in the air, underground, underwater, and even in space. I am presently working in the markets of Canada, UK, Australia and New Zealand as well as broadcast cables and telecom cables.
NATIONAL SALES MANAGER – Fiber Optical Cables, Hybrid Cables, Copper Cables LPI Cables a Division of Linden Photonics, Inc., Westford, Massachusetts 4/2023-12/2023 Provided a very high-quality Fiber Optical Cable for a wide range of use in Telecommunications. Responsibilities of Sales & Marketing, Production Line Management, Bringing on Representative firms, and act as liaison for management for Linden Photonics, Inc Cables Products. SENIOR ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE – Telecommunications
intlx Solutions LLC., Canton, Massachusetts 4/2022-4/2023 Developed & Implemented sales and marketing plans, and established new business, nationally. Duties include but are not limited to: Cold Calling, Analyzing, Proposing, Presenting, and Close Sales for Carrier Services, Service and Support Contracts (Maintenance Contracts), Hardware, and software as a trusted partner with Avaya, Mitel, Nextiva, Sangoma, and RingCentral.
ACCOUNT REPRESENTATIVE – Telecommunications
Partners Technology LLC., Stoughton, Massachusetts 8/2013-4/2022 Developed & Implemented sales and marketing plans, and established new business, and existing accounts in the territory of Rhode Island, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire. Duties include but are not limited to: Cold Calling, Analyzing, Proposing, Presenting, and Close Sales for Carrier Services, Service and Support Contracts
(Maintenance Contracts), Hardware and software as a partner with Mitel, Coredial (BCM One), and RingCentral. SALES AND MARKETING EXECUTIVE - Telecommunications TechTele Communications LLC., Berlin, Connecticut 2/2012- 8/2013 Developed & Implemented sales and marketing plans, established new database, created email, postcard, and referral campaign targeting 50-500 users per location in the territory of Connecticut, New York, Rhode Island and Massachusetts. Duties include but are not limited to: Cold Calling, Analyzing, Proposing, Presenting and Close Sales for Carrier Services, Service and Support Contracts (Maintenance Contracts), Hardware and software as an Avaya Partner.
INDEPENDENT CONSULTANT – Various new products in Brush, Signage and Lighting North Attleboro, Massachusetts 2/2011- Present
New Product development, Developing Business, Marketing and Sales plans, and Market Research on various projects of new products in brushes, signage and lighting industries REGIONAL SALES MANAGER- Mass Notification Systems
Acoustic Technology Inc. DBA - ATI Systems, East Boston, Massachusetts 4/2010-2/2011 Developed business relationships in Florida, Alabama, Georgia, West Virginia, Virginia, Indiana, and Ohio in vertical markets of industrial, community, military, and campuses, in both hardware and software integration of communication equipment.
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER – Virtual Stores and Websites AYR1 Inc., Norwood, Massachusetts 8/2009- 4/2010
Develop Business relationships with furniture and giftware manufacturers and retailers, Providing internet solutions for Virtual Stores and Websites, as software. Proposing via telephone, webcams, video conferences, meetings, and tradeshows.
EDUCATION:
B.S. in Business Management, University of Massachusetts, Boston, Massachusetts A.S., Business Management, Newbury College, Boston Massachusetts
Contact this candidate