DIANE MEDEIROS
Swansea, MA *****
774-***-**** - ad428e@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Accomplished Sales Manager offering 39 years of banking experience developing and maximizing merchant services sales. Diligent in building and retaining accounts by providing support and attentive service. Successful record of expanding network connections.
Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. Hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong organizational skills eager to secure VP position. Ready to help team achieve company goals. SKILLS
Goals and Performance
Excellent Customer Service
Sales Expertise
Product and Service Sales
Excellent Listening Skills
Pipeline Development
WORK HISTORY
07/2019 to 11/2023 Vice President of Business Development BayCoast Bank – Swansea, MA
Implemented innovative business development strategies to increase customer base and expand market share.
Enhanced profitability by developing pipelines utilizing marketing and sales strategies.
Communicated directly with customers and partners to build strong business networks and relationships.
Established and maintained highly effective relationships with clients and industry partners to drive growth.
Developed new proposals, contracts and procedures to draw in more clients and streamline work operations.
Identified and pursued valuable business opportunities to generate new company revenue and improve bottom line profit.
Researched product pricing, ratings and performance and created comparison spreadsheets to evaluate competitors.
Boosted marketing, reviewed pricing strategies and expanded distribution channels to increase sales revenue.
Built relationships with customers and community to establish long-term business growth.
Exceeded sales quotas and increased profitability through effective sales strategy and business planning.
Managed accounts to retain existing relationships and grow share of business. Collaborated with upper management to implement continuous improvements and exceed team goals.
02/2010 to 07/2019 AVP Business Development Officer BayCoast Bank – Swansea, MA
Aligned organizational objectives with company mission to increase business growth and integrate work strategies.
Established and directed successful programs focused on Merchant Services. Interacted well with customers to build connections and nurture relationships. Trained and guided team members to maintain high productivity. Negotiated price and service with customers and vendors to decrease expenses and increase profit.
04/2000 to 02/2010 Bank Branch Manager
BayCoast Bank – Fall River, MA
Assessed employee performance and developed improvement plans. Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information to prevent mishandling of data and potential breaches.
Examined customer loan applications for loan approvals and denials. Completed filings and upheld strict compliance with regulatory agencies and supervisors.
Engaged employees in business processes with positive motivational techniques. Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions. Consulted customers to boost product sales and services. Enhanced branch production by handling staff conflicts, evaluations, and coaching employees on company protocol and operations.
Met deadlines by proactively managing individual and team tasks and streamlining processes.
01/1995 to 04/2000 Assistant Bank Manager
BayCoast Bank – Fall River, MA
Assisted with complex transactions using overrides and functions requiring additional authorization levels.
Collaborated with bank manager and teller supervisor on scheduling, hiring decisions and monthly audits.
Assisted customers with banking transactions, identified and serviced customer needs and resolved issues.
Represented bank to community through good customer relations. 01/1991 to 01/1995 Head Teller
BayCoast Bank – Fall River, MA
Verified amount of cash in cash drawer against day's receipts, quickly identifying errors.
Replenished ATM funds in empty canisters prior to validation process. Answered inquiries regarding checking and savings accounts and other related products.
Completed highly accurate, high-volume money counts via both manual and machine-driven approaches.
Introduced customers to other bank team members to help meet financial needs. Provided customers with appropriate literature on banking products and services. 11/1984 to 01/1991 Teller
BayCoast Bank – Fall River, MA
Balanced cash drawer daily and resolved discrepancies to provide accurate data regarding cash flow.
Answered customer inquiries regarding account balances, transaction history, services charges, and interest rates.
Processed customer transactions promptly, minimizing wait times. Disbursed cash and checks accurately while maintaining security of cash drawers. Served as primary point of contact for customers, providing assistance with account maintenance and transactions.
Assisted with training of new tellers on policies and procedures. Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions. EDUCATION
05/2009 Banking Certification Graduate : Banking And Finance Babson College - Babson Park, MA
05/2007 Associate of Science: Business Administration And Management Bristol Community College - Fall River, MA
06/1985 High School Diploma
BMC Durfee High School - Fall River, MA
LANGUAGES
Portuguese
Native or Bilingual
Contact this candidate