A. Steven Hatch
**W*** Ramm Road Maple Park, IL *0151 630-***-****
ad43nu@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/astevenhatch

Business Development Sales Business Analysis

Accomplished business development / sales executive and business analyst successful at building customer relationships, managing across multiple functions, understanding global business perspective, and initiating performance improvements that deliver ROIs of up to 20:1.
Personal Attributes: Broad-Minded, Confident, Driven, Honest & Direct, Strategic, Trustworthy, High Standards of Ethics and Integrity
Areas of Expertise: Business Development ~ Account Management ~ Client Retention ~ Strategic Planning ~ Initiative Execution ~ Process Improvement ~ Executive Training ~ Consulting ~ Marketing ~ C-Level Relationship Building ~ Return on Investment (ROI) Strategy ~ Market Research ~ Data Analysis ~ Change Management ~ Business Analysis

Value Offered

Sales Closing and Goal Achievement: Achieved the most closed sales in 12 months increasing revenue from $150K to $ 2.5 million in 12 months. Exceeded sales targets and won many sales awards throughout career.
Client Performance & ROI Improvement: Produced dramatic client savings of up to $15 million through management development and performance improvement solutions, achieving client ROIs of up to 20:1.
Client Training and Consulting: Trained over 1,100 client executives in change and quality management and consulted with clients on strategic alignment, leadership development, and operational improvements.
Business Analysis: Led complex business analysis teams of senior consultants, implementation managers and financial managers analyzing entire enterprise operations closing over $ 7 million in improvement strategies.

Professional Experience

Society of Manufacturing Engineers (SME) 2015 to 2017
SME is an international association for manufacturing professionals providing workforce development, tradeshows, membership, media, and scholarships. Tooling U-SME is the workforce development division of SME.
Client Executive for Tooling U-SME
Managed business development, sales & marketing for Tooling U-SME across the 7-state Midwest territory. Sold workforce development services including competency model consulting, instructional design, assessments, and online and instructor-led training to manufacturing companies.
Turned around and rebuilt the Midwest region, re-started stalled clients worth $500,000+, and developed new senior management relationships.
Clients included 3M, Toro, CNh, Arctic Cat, American Ortho, RMS, and Stratasys.

Hickey & Associates, LLC 2012 to 2013
Hickey & Associates is a corporate real estate consulting firm providing site selection and tax incentive management services to companies relocating to, and across North America.
Business Development Director
Recruited to direct all marketing, cold call sales, and executive presentations, selling complex corporate real estate services including database management and SaaS products. Sales projects were $1 million+. Built business channels to assist independent account executives to achieve goals and reach new market niches. Reported to the president.
Built account relationships with 3 global companies to generate $1 million+ in each sale.
Developed major channel partnerships with a large global financial firm and a corporate real estate association, generating $250K in new sales.
Played key role in creating and implementing an innovative cold calling process to follow up on marketing campaigns.
Clients included Union Pacific, Rolls Royce, Caterpillar, and WellPoint.
Sabbatical 2011 to 2012, 2013 to 2015
Cared for my youngest daughter in her struggle with stage 3 brain cancer through multiple surgeries, radiation, and chemotherapy, until her death. Also provided support to family members following her death.

Alchemy Systems 2010 to 2011
Alchemy is a custom IT and software firm providing risk management and productivity consulting services.
Area Sales Manager
Sold innovative productivity, risk management, and training solutions using SaaS, technology, and media. Developed new account relationships with prospective and former clientele. Reported to COO and National Sales Director.
Led new business development and account management, expanding sales and revenue across a 9-state territory. Revived lost accounts, bringing in $1.4 million in new sales.
Clients included ConAgra, Hormel, Birds Eye Foods, and Pinnacle Foods.

Employee & Family Resources 2007 to 2008
Employee & Family Resources is a non-profit provider of workforce management, leadership development, and multi-generational transition services. The company downsized in 2008.
Vice President of Business Development
Recruited to lead the new division of Aging and Multi-Generational Consulting. Managed development of web-based and SaaS based multi-generational consulting services, and led business development and cold calling efforts. Created and implemented a marketing plan for the organization. Facilitated and presented executive-level presentations. Partnered with marketing consultants in designing and implementing social media strategy. Reported to the CEO.
Secured 5 national agreements totaling $3 million with the Association of Automotive Manufacturers, involving 10,000 member businesses.
Clients included Wells Fargo, Pella, and Ameriprise.

Philip Crosby Associates 1998 to 2006
Philip Crosby Associates is a consulting firm providing change management and performance improvement solutions.
Vice President of Sales & Business Development, Vice President of Analysis
Recruited to re-build the West Coast and Midwest region and develop new business and consulting engagements with new and existing clients. Facilitated executive level training on management development, change management and performance improvement. Led business analysis teams consisting of senior consultants, implementation managers and financial managers, for large complex client engagements.
Re-built West Coast & Midwest regions, increasing revenues from $150K to $2.5 million in the first 12 months
Closed $1.6 million performance improvement project with Qwest Communications, achieving client savings of $15 million in the areas of supply chain, inventory, distribution, sales turnover, and scheduling expenses.
Closed $750K performance improvement project with American Honda achieving client savings of $4 million.
Closed $300K quality management proposal with Ethan Allen achieving client savings of $2.5 million.
Closed $450K quality management proposal with Chiron achieving client savings of $2 million.
Led an 8-week business analysis team of medical, financial, and business process professionals for San Juan Puerto Rico County Healthcare System project.
Earned Corporate Award for closing a complex $1.2 million consulting project with Peabody Western Coal.
Recipient of President’s Award for most influential consulting outcomes, including savings and ROI.
Ranked as “Top 10 Sales Executive” (out of 75) for three consecutive years.
Clients included American Honda Motor Co., Qwest Communications, Discover Card, Edison International, Rockwell Collins, Georgia Pacific, and Case International.

Education Community Leadership

Master’s Program, Business & Education, Northern Illinois University
B.A., Social Science, Colorado State University
Volunteer, Chicagoland Task Force Leader, “Ride for Kids,” The Pediatric Brain Tumor Foundation, 1990 to Present
Contact this candidate