Harish Chandra Kalal
Ghati Darwaja Rishabhdeo
Rishabhdeo,Teh-Rishabhdeo,Disst-
Udaipur
Mobile no.820-***-****
E-mail:-ad448j@r.postjobfree.com
PERSONAL

Name :- Harish Chandra Kalal
Father Name :- Madhu Ji Kalal
Mother Name :- Dhuli Devi
Permanent Address :- Ghati Darwaja, Rishabhdeo,Disst-Udaipur
Mobile No :- 820-***-****
Language Proficiency :- English & Hindi.

Date Of Birth :- 11 JAN, 1975
Sex :- Male

Marital Status :- Married.
Nationality :- Indian

Education
CLASS
YEAR
BORD
PERCENTAGE
Xth
1998
R.B.S.E.AJMER
Fail

EXPERIENCE

Organization : Bank of Rajasthan( ICICI Bank )
Rishabhdev, Udaipur
Duration : JULY 1988 to MAY 1996
Post : PEON
Job Profile :

A subordinate staff in a bank has multiple tasks as a cash peon, bill collector or daftary.
In bigger banks where large number of peons are there one Zamadar is appointed to co-ordinate their works.Cash peons sort, stitch and bind note bundles, carry cash remittance boxes to RBI.
Bill collectors issue demand notices for bills and loan. They also attend outside duties of banks and deliver mail to different offices and customers. The daftary is primarily entrusted with voucher preservation and filing works.
Organization : Allahabad Bank
Rishabhdev,Udaipur
Duration : JULY 1996 to JULY 2011
Post : PEON ( All banking work )
Job Profile :
Sub-staff cadre in a nationalized bank is equivalent to group D cadre in a government department. The nature of duties are moving the ledgers, papers, checks etc from one counter to another counter, going to the post office and collecting mails for the branch, going to the P.O. for posting the letters originating from branch etc.
Running job : Hriday Credit Co-Operative Society limited
Duration : July 2011 to Sep 2020
Post : Development Officer ( Sales )
after promotion Sep-2020 as Branch manager still working
conducting job evaluation surveys
liaising with managers and interviewing employees at all levels to identify and assess training and development needs
delivering and overseeing the training of individuals or groups of employees
compiling and presenting information
implementing, advising on and monitoring appraisal schemes
supervising and monitoring progress made via training programmers or schemes
ensuring employees receive statutory required training
designing and assessing training programmers.

Other Qualification

( basic computer knowledge )

(Harish Chandra Kalal)
Contact this candidate