Lloyd E Robinson Jr
*** ******* ******* **
Oswego, IL 60543
630-***-****
630-***-****
ad44nb@r.postjobfree.com
ad44nb@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/lloydrobinson50

SUMMARY

An outcome driven Technology Professional with expertise in managing complex company profiles globally including government, financial, telecom, retail markets. Broad experience in information systems technology, vendor management, contact negotiation, project planning, strategic planning, technical planning, troubleshoot, cost-control, forecasting, risk and issue management, and tracking results. Accomplished project manager focused on application development and infrastructure utilizing Agile and Waterfall methodologies through strategic team leadership, by delivering on- time and on -budget global projects. An excellent communicator, skilled at collaborating with diverse global business groups while working with onshore and offshore teams by providing a commitment to achieving excellence.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

IBM Global Services - AT&T Sept 2021 – Present
SR Project Manager - AT&T Account, IBM Consulting
Sr Project Manager working across global organizations using IT background in a high pressure environment. Coordinating and communicating with business partners, Development Teams, Testing Teams, Vendor Teams which are either onshore or offshore. Primary methodology is Agile/ SAFE/ Lean Agile / Waterfall using Planview..

NanMcKay (Beacon Hill) May 2021 – Sept 2021
Coordinator/Quality Control Manager
Accountable for 4 Supervisors and 30 Specialists reviewing and processing applications for ERAP (Emergency Rental Assistance Program) in the State of New York.

ASAP Solutions, LLC (AT&T) Nov 2013 – May 2018
Senior IT Project Manager-Business Solutions
Accountable for multiple projects (12-24 per year) of various sizes with focus on Application development, infrastructure, regulatory, migrations, and interfaces. Managed teams of system analysts, designers, developers, testers, project coordinators, deployment managers along with clients to define scopes of work, capital/expense spend, and funding for all aspect of project.

Implement new Fed-Gov specific taxing rules
Overall capital integration project including billing processing and creation of new interfaces to support Hosting, Teleconferencing, connectivity.
Created new interfaces for new rounding and rating rules, new fields added to invoices. Significant interface changes between account management systems and down-stream applications.
Associated Govt Fees (AGF) & account setup changes
Defined an inventory of all associated platforms within the data centers
Provided weekly presentations of progress to Senior executives
Underran about 10% of expense costs due to efficient management of weekly expense charges directly related to labor costs and delivered Project within budget guidelines.
Successfully deployed all new capabilities that were required to continue AT&Ts eligibility for Legacy ATT Federal Government contracts.

Global Business – Public Sector Solutions (GB-PSS)
New Federal Government Network Services 2020 (NS2020) Enterprise Infrastructure Solutions (EIS) contract which replaced the existing contract that expired in 2017 along with several GSA regional contracts.
Role included emphasis on output and not input for notices, invoices, account setup, inventory and other deliverables.
Successful daily collaboration with several teams (Technical, Project, Financial, Billing, Development).
Directly managed the coordination of all teams to deliver the project on time utilizing each team’s processes and linking them together for efficient deployment.

iSymmetry (AT&T) Oct 2010 – Nov 2013
Senior IT Project Manager-Architecture & Common Service Integration
Accountable for projects of various sizes, complexity, and scope. Agile and Waterfall methodology was utilized which was comprised of SDLC, application development, infrastructure, environment, and 3rd party vendor technology (eCommerce Cloud Services). Managed teams of system analysts, designers, developers, testers, project coordinators, deployment managers along with clients to define scopes of work, capital/expense spend, and funding for all aspect of the projects.

Significant roles, responsibilities and key deliverable for every project:
Responsible as lead for Scope, Schedule, Rollout, and Cost with financial variance +or-5% on monthly and yearly objectives.
Responsible for SW projects while partnering with Accenture.
Coordinated and communicated with business partners, Development, System Engineering, testing and vendor teams.
Mitigation and remediation of Risk, Issue and change control through corporate designated process
Accountable to the PMO Office leadership for project status, delivery, completion of project documents on time.
Establishing a positive team culture with all work stream team members through weekly status meetings
Creation of stakeholder presentations for weekly/monthly meetings
Delivering all critical documentation throughout project lifecycle
Management of project deliverables through milestones to complete on-time and within budget

Main Project Focus
eCommerce Cloud Services, Customer Facing Web Portals and email gateways
Government Improvements
Network Monitoring and Alarms
Marketing Applications
Billing Applications

ASAP Professional Services (AT&T) April 2007 – April 2009
Senior Project Manager/CCTP Infrastructure
Lead Project Manager for the conversion of 13 Business Call Centers that included Network/Infrastructure rollout utilizing SDLC.
Developed a milestone plan to deliver within a tight timeframe.
Managed customer requirements, planning, organizing, scheduling, tracking, user testing coordination & acceptance, training of projects from concept & design through on time delivery.
Interfaced with many aspects of the organization including Skills Base Routing, Call Flow, Infrastructure, Desktop Services and Call Center Leadership.
Lead Project Manager for the conversion of 13 Business Call Centers that included Network/Infrastructure rollout utilizing SDLC.
Managed the Infrastructure upgrade which included: Nortel MSL, Nortel IVR, Genesys, Avaya ACD, Work Force Management, Reporting, VOIP, Screenpop, Verint for the MW Business Communication Services (1400 Reps) and Southeast Consumer, Business, Credit & Collections (8000Reps).

ASAP Professional Services (AT&T) Sept 2004 – Dec 2005
Senior Project Manager/CCTP Infrastructure
Lead Project Manager within the Call Center Transformation Program (CCTP) Regional Conversions for the Call Center Operations Team with accountability for successful training and training content delivery to desktops.

Provided the business with best practice processes and tools to selectively and deliberately prioritize and deliver communications and training for the Call Center Managers, Coaches, and Reps.
Delivered automatic effective and timely training directly to the Manager, Coach, and Rep desktops.
Balanced operational pressures with performance goals by providing Call Center Leadership, Managers, and Coaches with tools to proactively monitor training completion and manage performance.
Established a better customer and employee experience by equipping the Managers, Coaches, and Reps with skills required to best serve the customers through empowerment of decision making.
Integrated with other Call Center systems and technologies to ensure learning sessions were offered only when service levels allowed for maximum accessibility.
Enable partnering between the field and support organizations to help achieve the business strategies, sales, and operational goals across the enterprise.

Home Depot & Leadership Development Coach Aug 2002 – Sept 2004
Secured contracts with mid-size corporations for the purpose of developing and improving the Leadership skills of the Senior Managers managing direct personnel in order to increase profitability and improve personal development.
Department Head for Hardware with focus on inventory, sales, merchandising, vendor management, ordering, and employee development.
Maintained a monthly inventory of $1.2 million with average sales of $12 thousand per day.

Nortel Aug 1985 – Jun 2002
Various Positions: From H/W-S/W Tester to VP
Responsibilities included managing multiple types of projects across the diverse lines of business. Interfaced with managers, vendors, technicians, developers, and clients to define, set and execute complex scopes of work. Led various projects successfully to deliver on overall scope, budgets and timelines. Achieve project goals through leadership and support of the multiple individuals working in a matrix environment.

Significant roles, responsibilities:

Responsible for a yearly budget of $2.5 million and 25 employees.
Facilitated meetings at all levels and areas of management to set strategic planning, goals, objectives, and company metrics for performance measurement.
Negotiated and developed long-term partnerships with vendors and suppliers.
Developed strategic competitive plans to improve product rollout and service performance via quality assurance.
Lead the efforts to execute consistent processes that drove the implementation of tools and processes for all voice and data product lines for Enterprise as well as VOIP introduction.
Strategically developed the support plan for Regional Enterprise Sales team after the merger of two ILECS, resulting in an improvement in total customer satisfaction score of less than 35% to above the corporate mandate score of 85% to 91%. Additionally, improved the loyalty score of 17% to above the corporate mandate of 38% to 71%.
Promoted customer satisfaction with products and services by negotiating and resolving issues raised by internal and external customers, reduced backlog of 300 issues by 92% in 4 months.
Established a relationship with the Senior Executives in the Service Provider Datacomm Department responsible for Service and Managed Services. Provided contract management between the Service Provider and Nortel Networks, supporting the management of $30 million service contract and managing direct sales SLA’s of $4 million.
Designed and implemented a regional customer service model from a centralized function to 4 Senior Management teams responsible for Customer Satisfaction, Technical Support, Project Management and Process Improvements (Pre and Post Sales), resulting in an a more regional focus for customer care and subsequent improvement in loyalty and customer service scores by assuming responsibility for 1st and 2nd tier support.
Negotiated various contracts where the Service Provider and Nortel Networks were down $4,000,000 in Outstanding Service Contract commitments from the Service Provider’s end user due to poor responsiveness and customer focus. Successful vendor and customer relationship management led to the collection of this backlog and the renewal of the existing contracts.
Lead the efforts to drive consistency in business processes between regions for data and voice convergence, resulting in reduction of cycle time for problem resolution and new product deployment from 6 months to 3 months.
Education

Bachelor of Science, Kansas State University
Master of Science, Kansas State University
Contact this candidate