SAVAGE Z PADEN
St Joseph, MO *****
ad444s@r.postjobfree.com 816-***-****
To obtain a full-time permanent position that will utilize my extensive industry knowledge and experience while working tpwards my ambition of succeeding as an integral part of the company with opportunity for advancement.
Dynamic, Competive automotive managemeng professional with 15 years experience in retail automotive. Innovative and motivated indicidual with proven management, sales, financing,marketing amd new business development skills. History of signigicant volume and profit. GENERAL MANAGER 2017-2023
1812 Oregon Street, Hiawatha,KS
Experience in managing automotive sales for organization Profound knowledge of all aspects of dealership operations Operational knowledge accounting procedures and practices Remarkable ability to interpret all business periodicals and government regulations Exceptional ability to identify and resolve problems in a timely manner Proven effective in producing a collaborative and successful work environment Unique ability to identify and implement cost saving measures Budget, forecast, review financial statements and manage business metrics Collaborate with President/Owner on operations and financial goals for each department Monitored everyday activities and provided necessary services. Coordinated with various departments on distribution of products and identified prices. Evaluated various financial statements and activity reports and prepared productivity measures. Scheduled work and managed efficient working of staff Ensured work in compliance to departmental goals and objectives. Analyzed work and determined staff requirements, hired employees according to need. Planned various sales promotions and coordinated with various department heads, Administered duties and ensured dealership reputation. INTERNET MANAGER 2016-2017
707 S US Highway 71, Savannah, MO
Boosted Dealership sales by averaging 20 cars monthly Uncommon passion for vehicles
New product introduction
Demonstration of vehicles by explaining the characteristics, capabilities and features to customer Complete associated paperwork and pre-delivery inspections SALES EXECUTIVE 2013-2015
2207 N Belt Highway, St, Joseph, MO
SALES EXECUTIVE 2011-2013
3802 Oakland Avenue, St, Joseph, MO
Dealership Core Professional Strengths
Boosted Dealership sales by averaging 17 cars monthly Uncommon passion for vehicles.
Polite and professional approach to dealings with customers. Excellent negotiating skills and strong persuasive manner. Demonstration of vehicles by explaining the characteristics, capabilities and features to the customer.
Complete associated paperwork and pre-delivery inspections. Negotiate the sale price of vehicles, including any trade-in. Lafayette High School
MO Western State University
UPON REQUEST
Contact this candidate