David J Howard
Business Development Leadership Role
Proven business development revenue driver and strategic thinker with over 20 years of relevant experience. True value is the ability to help organizations find and keep ideal clients and grow existing business. Proven team leader well versed in both application and coaching of the Challenger Sales method. Have successfully engaged in complex business activities in over 20 countries.
Experience
2016 -
2019
Director Sales and Marketing Operations
Smart Chemical Solutions LLC
Member of holding company's Executive Management Team. Responsible for planning and driving strategic, new customer acquisition initiatives and managing direct-report business development managers and associated teams across portfolio of companies. Continuously evaluate and introduce leading- edge processes and strategies that directly contribute to record financial performance. Contributed directly to company being named to Inc Magazine’s list of fastest growing private U.S. companies for three years running. 2013 -
2016
President and CEO
H5O Incorporated
Responsible for day-to-day management and performance of start-up company. Exceeded forecasts in highly competitive markets and grew marketshare through new customer acquisition. Implemented effective operational, business development and business process strategies while building partnerships with key customer buyer groups and decision-makers. Sourced and managed skilled team leaders instrumental to our success. Consistently increased utilization and reduced operating costs to optimize financial performance. Exceeded business plan revenue goals within three months of startup and throughout tenure. Shareholder, member of board-of-directors.
2012 -
2013
Sales Manager
PML Exploration LLC
Member of senior management team responsible for strategically planning new growth initiatives and maintaining existing client portfolio, new business development and profit and loss. Worked closely with operations to achieve corporate objective of becoming the industry’s most trusted and successful provider of well-bore data solutions. Directly contributed to 250 percent incremental revenue growth during tenure.
2010 -
2012
U.S. Sales Manager
Recon PetroTechnologies, LLC
Member of senior strategy and business development team. Responsible for maintaining existing customer base, acquisition of new customers and profit and loss for U.S. open-hole evaluation business. Grew U.S. revenue by over $4 million over tenure. Worked closely with management team and operations to achieve significant growth in U.S. revenue and net operating income. 2008 -
2010
Senior Business Development Executive
Allied Technologies LLC
Directed sales teams in the acquisition and expansion of new business across multiple markets. Member of senior management steering committee responsible for market analysis and long-term strategy formulation, execution Personal Info
Address
256 Outback Lane
Sherman TX 75090
Phone
214-***-****
E-mail
ad46fw@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-
howard-721b0214/
Skills
Sales and New Business
Development
To date have successfully engaged
assigned markets leading to over $1
billion in sales revenue.
Sales Enablement Processes
Experience implementing in-bound
sales and marketing and force
multiplier tools.
The Challenger Sales Model
Manager, mentor and coach.
Organizational Planning,
Management and Leadership
Highly Experienced Practitioner
and evaluation. Achieved incremental year-on-year revenue growth by over $10 million while building high-performance, goal-oriented teams, and introducing accountability into the sales process.,
2005 -
2008
Director of Sales
Key Energy Services, Inc.
Led new business acquisition for this provider of drilling, well completion and pressure pumping services to the oil and gas industry, which primarily encompassed managing technical sales teams, identifying decision makers at client companies, and forging partnerships at the senior levels of client organizations. Provided expertise to the strategic planning function and business development teams focusing exclusively on engaging clients at multiple levels. 1993 -
2004
Senior Strategy Executive / Global Account Executive Halliburton Company
*Strategy - Instrumentally contributed to strategic business planning initiatives by overseeing the Halliburton Performance Management process and providing strategic advice to the executive leadership team. Counseled the product and service teams, business development teams, and shared services teams across worldwide markets. Applied expertise in new business development and strategic leadership. Designed and implemented alternative planning processes to encourage calculated risk, raise accountability, and promote transparency. Team leader for product rationalization project subsequent to the merger of Halliburton and Dresser Industries.
*Global Accounts - Charged with global new customer acquisition. Lead negotiator for two successful manufacturing and sales joint ventures in Russian Federation. Represented the company as Vice President and sat on board of directors for both ventures.
Education
1991 -
1992
Thunderbird School of Global Management at Arizona State University
-MBA, Business Administration and International Management
-Graduate Teaching Assistant: Business Environment - Eastern Europe
-Graduate Teaching Assistant: International Negotiation and Diplomacy 1987 -
1991
University of Wyoming
-B.A Arts & Sciences
-One of 15 Scholars Selected (with High Distinction) to Study Emerging Economies at the Plekhanov Institute in Moscow, USSR (1990)
-Sigma Iota Rho Honors - International Studies
-Awarded Paul Stock Scholarship
-Awarded Milward Simpson Memorial Scholarship
-Member - Honors Convocation
Contact this candidate