909-***-****
ad464x@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/am
anda-martinez-823880142/
Redlands, California
Client Development Manager Skills & Achievements:
Utilized data analytics to track category and new item performance, resulting in a 15% increase in client satisfaction ratings.
Participated in annual planning processes and leveraged data analytics to improve future strategies, resulting in a 10% increase in revenue growth year-over-year.
Developed and executed sales strategies, achieving revenue targets of $5M annually.
Cultivated strong professional relationships with suppliers and key clients, resulting in a 20% increase in repeat business and a 25% increase in new business referrals.
Mentored and internally promoted successful company sales and account management staff into leadership positions, resulting in a 30% increase in team productivity and driving company growth by 25% over two years.
Managed the recruitment process from job postings to onboarding, resulting in a 10% increase in candidate quality and a 20% decrease in time-to-fill.
Conducted market research and analyzed industry trends to better understand clients' staffing needs, resulting in a 10% increase in client retention and a 15% increase in market share.
Retail Management Skills & Achievements:
Managed a team of [number] employees, providing leadership, training, and support to ensure the achievement of business goals.
Streamlined operations by prioritizing tasks prior to the start of each shift, resulting in improved employee focus and productivity.
Implemented Clean Fast Friendly guidelines and stocking strategies to boost profitability by 40% and customer satisfaction by 98% within the first 4 months.
Developed and executed planning and product line management approaches to increase business at each location.
Maintained a high level of customer service and satisfaction through effective communication and problem-solving skills.
Cultivated talented team of departmental employees through outstanding mentoring, coaching and teaching skills.
Supported shrinkage and safety awareness, reviewed sales and inventory data, identified trends and prepared reports for management.
Oversaw (Shipping and Receiving) compliance operations by organizing correspondence, reports and internal audits.
Directed, coordinated and evaluated activities of personnel, including support staff within academic institutions, departments and alumni organizations.
Coordinated all fundraisers and community events for the city of Colton through Walmart, raising money for Children's Hospital and other charitable causes.
Supported managers with organizing store and showcasing new items in eye- catching displays, and calculated pricing, scanned tags, applied discounts, collected payment and offered receipts to process transactions. Recruitment & Onboarding
Customer Order Mgmt
Marketing Strategy Dev
Client Retention
Direct Sales
Training & Dev
Ops Mgmt
Sales Program Coord
Market Trend Analysis
Budget Mgmt
Process Improvement
Relationship Building
Team Development
Project Mgmt
Customer Service
Amanda Bedolla
Client Development and Retail Management Professional Professional Experienced professional with a successful track Profile record in client development and retail management spanning over 26 years. Proven ability to lead and motivate teams, cultivate strong client relationships, and drive revenue growth through strategic planning and data analytics. Strong communication and problem-solving skills with a dedication to delivering excellent customer service. KEY Skills
Career
TECHNICAL
2023-2024
2020-2023
Leveraged data analytics to improve business strategies and achieve revenue targets of $5M annually. I cultivated strong relationships with key clients and suppliers, resulting in a 20% increase in repeat business and a 25% increase in new business referrals. Additionally, I mentored and promoted successful staff into leadership positions, resulting in a 30% increase in team productivity and driving company growth by 25% over two years. I conducted market research and analyzed industry trends to understand clients' staffing needs, resulting in a 10% increase in client retention and a 15% increase in market share. Walmart / CA 1999-2020
Team Lead Supervisor – Fontana, CA
Provided leadership, training, and support to a team of [number] employees, achieving business goals. I boosted profitability by 40% and customer satisfaction by 98% in 4 months by implementing Clean Fast Friendly guidelines and stocking strategies. By streamlining operations and prioritizing tasks, I improved employee focus and productivity. Developed planning and product line management approaches to increase business at each location, while maintaining a high level of customer service and satisfaction through effective communication and problem- solving skills.
Retail Department Manager – Fontana, CA
Developed and mentored a talented team of departmental employees, utilizing exceptional coaching and teaching skills. Prioritized the implementation of effective shrinkage and safety awareness measures and leveraged my analytical skills to review sales and inventory data, identify trends, and prepare reports for management.
Assistant Retail Store Manager – Corona, CA
Developed a high-performing team culture by coaching and promoting team members into leadership positions. Ensured timely completion of store opening projects, including remodeling and planogram changes, to support business growth. Oversaw shipping and receiving operations and ensured compliance through internal audits and documentation.
Retail Promotional Committee Coordinator – Colton, CA Directed and evaluated the activities of personnel, organized company events and coordinated fundraisers, including a 500-person Bunnyhop with the Mayor of Colton to benefit Children's Hospital. Organized and coordinated community events and fundraisers for the city of Colton through Walmart, demonstrating exceptional organizational and leadership skills.
Retail Sales Associate – Colton, CA
Provided support to managers by organizing the store and showcasing new items in attractive displays. Skillfully calculated pricing, applied discounts, collected payments, and provided receipts to ensure smooth transaction processing. Amanda Bedolla
MS Office
Tempworks
Powerpoint
Excel
Sales Force
Kronos
Walmart Wire Portal
Walmart One
My Productivity Tool
Education
Work
SSPersonnel Staffing/ Fontana, Ca
Adecco Staffing / San Bernardino, CA
Completed coursework in
Business Administration
and Management at
Chaffey College in Rancho
Cucamonga, CA
Contact this candidate