Phone
407-***-****
Addres
**** ****** ******* **.
Lake Mary, FL 32746
Web
ad475b@r.postjobfree.com
Operations manager with 10+ years of operational and business development experience. Leading teams with contemporary technology and process management skills to serve both corporate required needs and needs of the general public. Previous 20-year experience in the hospitality industry holding various positions including Certified Trainer and Management.
Owner of In The Paint Gymnasium
CONTACT
PROFILE
EDUCATION
EXPERIENCE
PRO.SKILLS
Ultimate Medical Academy
MEDICAL BILLING/CODING
2013
NYU
FUNDAMENTALS OF SPORTS
MANAGEMENT
2023 - Current
Process Management/
Improvement
HIPAA Compliance
Quality Control/
Audit
Site/Operations Management
Microsoft
SOP Management
Provide regional support to practice owners for Dental Practice Operations in 13 multi-million-dollar Florida Dental practices.
Liaison between corporate departments and practice owners to ensure peak revenue earning months, maintain up to date licenses and state compliance. Provide business operational support to practice owners in reviewing their financial documents including revenue reports, operating expenses, P&L, bonus reports and making business decisions to ensure higher profit margin for their practice.
Consult with practice owners on all operational concerns including recruitment, facilities, training, legal and accounting.
Address practice owner operational concerns, make sound business decisions and assist in problem solving in a timely manner.
Provide regional operation support to Center Directors/Center Management manage and oversee Donor Center staff and operations of five locations. Liaison with all corporate functions to ensure compliance and performance of all donor centers in the region.
Provide regional support to Center Directors/Center Management in preparation of all FDA, CLIA, AGES, and Plasma Protein Therapeutics Association compliance. Root Cause Analysis performed in efforts to manage daily center function, risk management, and medical reports.
Manage all center products and inventory to ensure product is shipped out of center in a timely manner.
Provide business operations support to Center Directors in developing marketing plans for the individual center needs, while complying with corporate marketing distribution. Support center management with hiring and staff performance management.
Assist Regional Director in management of centers Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) REGIONAL OPERATIONS MANAGER
TRAVELING OPERATIONS MANAGER
2021 - 2023
2020 - 2021
Affordable Care Denture and Implants l Remote
KedPlasma Inc. l Remote
Manage and oversee all Donor Center operations and staff. Liaison with all corporate functions to ensure compliance and performance of the center.
Management of FDA, CLIA, AGES, and Plasma Protein Therapeutics Association compliance.
Root Cause Analysis performed in efforts to manage daily center function, risk management, and medical reports.
Ensures all product and sample shipments are accurate and performed in accordance with schedule.
Management of the corporate allotted budget totaling 3,198,248.02 annually. Oversight of review and disbursement of payroll for 54 personnel, ensuring appropriate pay was distributed.
Developed marketing plans for individual center needs, while complying with corporate marketing distribution.
Trained, Developed, and managed 54 staff members in accordance with corporate regulated standards.
Oversee hiring, staff performance management, termination of all staff throughout the facility.
CENTER DIRECTOR - WEST PALM BEACH 2017- 2019
Octapharma Plasma Inc. Multiple locations
CYNTHIA WYATT
Owner/CEO - In The Paint Gymnasium
Operations Manager
Business Development
2023 - Current
LEAN SIX SIGMA CERTIFICATE - BLACK
BELT
Management and Strategy Institute
Phone
407-***-****
Addres
2962 Egrets Landing Dr.
Lake Mary, FL 32746
Web
ad475b@r.postjobfree.com
CONTACT
Ensure total operation is in compliance with facility SOPs, State and Federal (FDA) Rules and Regulations, OSHA and CLIA requirements. Manage daily operations including closing/opening center, manage operation areas, ensure daily completion of center log and records and complete shipments and reviews.
Perform Fiscal/Administrative duties including monthly staff meetings, scheduling, maintain training records and oversee reactive test results. Maintain Donor Center operations in compliance with Good Manufacturing Practices and Quality Assurance Programs.
Train, develop and manage staff.
Ensure adherence to HR policies and procedures.
Provide effective leadership to staff through communication, development and coaching.
Perform employee observations and performance reviews. ASSISTANT MANAGER - FLORENCE, AL
CYNTHIA WYATT
Owner/CEO - In The Paint Gymnasium
Operations Manager
2013 - 2016
MEDICAL SCREENER/PLASMA PROCESSOR -
FLORENCE, AL
2016-2017
Completed screening tests to ensure suitability for donation. Remain proficient in numerous computer programs, including DMS (Donor Management System) and eQue (electronic questionnaire program). Work closely with senior personnel to complete donor floor technician training to be able to prepare machines, check donation machine messages and disconnect donors from machine/remove needles.
Develop/implement extensive training measures for new employees in all daily Career Awards: functions to promote fluid operations. AFFORDABLE CARE - REGION REVENUE
GROWTH
10% revenue growth on top of
100% projected revenue growth
for region
OCTAPHARMA PLASMA
Presidential Award for best
plasma center
Contact this candidate