TERENCE BROWN
San Diego, CA United States
ad4859@r.postjobfree.com 405-***-****
linkedin.com/in/terence-brown-1a706015
Summary
CAREER SUMMARY
Dynamic, competitive automotive management professional with over 28 years experience in retail automotive. Innovative individual with proven management, sales, finance, advertising, marketing and new business development skills. Broad based experience in retail wholesale automotive environments. A history of significant profit, volume and customer satisfaction achievements, which illustrates the ability to combine cost control, revenue growth and process improvements through effective staff training and motivation.
"DRIVEN BY COMPETITION AND CURRENCY"
Strategic Planning Budgeting & Finance Retail Site Development Team Building Profitability Improvement Market Analyst Advertising & Marketing New/Used Vehicles Staff Development
Experience
Executive General Manager & Managing Partner-South County Buick GMC and Subaru of El Cajon- Full-time December 2022- current Directly responsible for overall profitability, sales, finance, parts, and service operations for both Subaru and Buick GMC dealerships which generates more than $11 million annually in sales revenue. Define and implement long and short-term objectives. Oversee and control all daily operations and policy implementation, advertising/promotion and strategic direction. Set and administer budgets, initiate cost control to ensure profitability. Recruit, hire and motivate a staff of 218 including key management and support personnel for sales, finance and insurance departments as well as our fixed operations, evaluate overall and individual performances, and devise and implement proactive management training processes. Establish departmental goals with management teams, which are based on exceeding the expectations of customers through continuously improving products and services. Provide an environment of mutual trust and respect and demand the highest ethical standards from staff and management. I am very hands-on as a General Manager and we have already in a short period of time changed the culture and raised the level of expectations in all departments. We have super exceeded our goals and forecast set by the manufacturer. I take pride in being a leader and developing all of my employees. I have an incredible appetite to win and concur the competition in the most ethical and humble way. I am driven by competition and currency. We have acheived remarkable CSI in both locations.
General Manager
Lithia Toyota -Full-time
October 2020-December 2022
Directly responsible for overall profitability, sales, finance, parts, and service operations for this large volume Toyota dealership which generates more than $5 million annually in sales revenue. Define and implement long and short-term objectives. Oversee and control all daily operations and policy implementation, advertising/promotion and strategic direction. Set and administer budgets, initiate cost control to ensure profitability. Recruit, hire and motivate a staff of 68 including key management and support personnel for sales, finance and insurance departments as well as our fixed operations, evaluate overall and individual performances, and devise and implement proactive management training processes. Establish departmental goals with the management team, which are based on exceeding the expectations of customers through continuously improving products and services. Provide an environment of mutual trust and respect and demand the highest ethical standards from staff and management. I am very hands-on as a General Manager and we have already in a short period of time changed the culture and raised the level of expectations in all departments. We are having the best year this Toyota store has ever been forecasted. I take pride in being a leader and developing all of my employees. I have an incredible appetite to win and concur the competition in the most ethical and humble way. I am driven by competition and currency.
• Maintained above zone and area TLE(Toyota Loyalty Engagement) scores.
• We are currently above 115% of our market share with Toyota.
• I am an approved Toyota Dealer principal.
• I have reduced total expenses to benchmark standards with Lithia Auto Group. • Manage pre-owned inventory as well as wholesale gains. Focusing on our cost of sales and speed to market with our online presence. Pictures, videos, and accurate vehicle information.
• Restructured my finance department to maximize total backend profit. This has helped us be more product driven. We are averaging 4 products per turn now and less chargebacks and less human error.
• Implemented a Business Development Center to maximize any and all internet, phone, email, and service department leads to help better convert into sales and appointments. Really focusing on driving more appointments for my service, sales and parts department. We have increased with accuracy and speedy response times with our customers.
General Sales Manager
MileOne Auto Group
Jan 2019 - October 2020 (2 years 5 months +)
Directly responsible for overall profitability, sales and finance for this large volume Honda, Volkswagen and Chrysler Jeep Dodge Ram dealership which generates more than $14 million annually in sales revenue. Define and implement long and short-term objectives. Oversee and control all daily operations and policy implementation, advertising/promotion and strategic direction. Set and administer budgets, initiate cost control to ensure profitability. Recruit, hire and motivate a staff of 108 including key management and support personnel for sales, finance and insurance departments, evaluate overall and individual performances, and devise and implement proactive management training processes. Establish departmental goals with the management team, which are based on exceeding the expectations of customers through continuously improving products and services. Provide an environment of mutual trust and respect and demand the highest ethical standards from staff and management. • Increased dealership performance to produce revenues in excess of $14 million net annual profit.
• Reduced total expenses by connecting cash flow problems and improving inventory turnover.
• Perform annual budgeting, including capital requirements, and implement weekly forecasting and reporting.
• Maintained above zone CSI levels.
Sales Director
Hendrick Honda
Jan 2018 - Jan 2019 (1 year 1 month)
Recruited to revitalize dealerships that were in an annual loss situation. Reduced losses in the first year.
• Managed pre-owned inventory and wholesale profits.
• Hired, recruited and trained sales and management staff.
• Implemented a secondary finance department.
• Maintained above zone CSI levels.
General Manager
BARRY SANDERS HONDA
Jan 2011 - Jan 2018 (7 years 1 month)
Exceeded regional and national CSI ratings while achieving sales effectiveness of 123% market share.
• Instrumental in developing, guiding and coaching staff towards empowerment and self-management resulting in very low turnover and personnel.
• Developed business from $3 million annual losses to revenue generating over $2million annual profitability.
Education
University of Oklahoma
Bachelor of Business Administration, Marketing and Management Quarterback for The University of Oklahoma
Graduate
Public Speaker at Collegiate and High School
Willowridge High School
Skills
advertising • budgeting • business development • cash flow • coaching • cost control • directing • driving • email • all systems*
Contact this candidate