JEFFREY MACLEAN TAYLOR
*** ********* **** • Woodstock, GA 30188 • 678-***-**** • ad49pn@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Senior Business Development Manager, The Custom Group of Companies July 2023-April 2024 Responsible for establishing a staffing partnership with client companies and partner with our recruiting team to ensure top-tier candidates are presented to help clients solve their short and long-term business objectives.
Sell Custom Group as a technology staffing business partner to prospective client companies through multiple resources, including cold calling, virtual or in person client meetings, referrals, social media, etc.
Build trusted relationships with client companies, manage fee negotiations, conversion rates, and bill rates.
Develop comprehensive account strategies to win new business from new and existing accounts.
Communicate new job openings, closings, and feedback from the client to ensure strong candidate matches and line up interviews in a timely manner.
Work with other Custom Group sales teams to upsell all Custom Group staffing services.
Work independently and exercise independent judgement in the determination of engaging, developing, and maintaining suitable clients.
Business Development Manager, The Planet Group August 2021-March 2023 Responsible for driving personal and company business growth, doing so by developing a business network of contacts and clients, providing research of market trends, and gathering new opportunities for execution.
Development of ERP niche market JD Edwards.
Account management and development.
Master Service Agreement negotiations and executions.
Partnered with organizations to develop implementation project plans, new strategies, and initiatives.
Built strong, professional relationships through identification of client needs, which increased overall sales and opportunities.
Improved profitability and pipeline with multiple marketing channels and sales strategies.
Worked closely with clients to deliver project requirements, develop solutions, and meet deadlines.
Client aftercare and management.
Maintained a weekly spread value of $10,000.00.
Billed $340,000.00 of gross profit in previous 12 continuous months.
Achieved 20 new Account Breakers / New Logos in the previous 18 continuous months.
Achieved and exceeded company based KPI’s / Metrics regarding new clients spoken with, opportunities added, and new business brought on weekly.
Executive Team Leader General Merchandise, Target April 2019-June 2021 Expert of operations, process and efficiency and enable a consistent experience for our guests by ensuring product is set, in stock, accurately priced and signed on the sales floor.
Leads inbound, outbound, replenishment, inventory accuracy, presentation, pricing, and promotional sign processes throughout the general merchandise floor.
Manage and directly lead a team of up to 120 team members to achieve Target goals and standards as well as motivate the team to take care of all the in-store guests.
Enable efficient delivery to our guests by owning pick, pack, and ship fulfillment work.
Led team to increase fulfillment sales by 25% growth from 2019 to 2021.
Knowledge of retail sales fundamentals including department sales trends, inventory management, freshness and quality, guest shopping patterns and pricing and promotions strategies.
Led general merchandise team to reach a minimum increase of 15% sales per department year over year.
Responsible for 85% of store’s daily and yearly sales.
Strong leader in all store metrics including but not limited to sales goals, guest relationships, fulfillment, and all workloads.
Recruits, selects, and manages talent of hourly team members and leaders.
Work directly with hardline, perishable, beer, and wine vendors to promote products in store.
Work alongside vendors to determine correct set and inventory levels for proper replenishment. Assistant Branch Manager, Restaurant Depot November 2017-February 2019 Manage all departments and employees within the entire store.
Create and manage all schedules for all employees and departments in the store.
Work side by side with departments managers to maintain all aspects of audit compliancy.
Conduct interviews and oversee hiring process.
Maintain and manage safety throughout the store for a greater working environment for employees and a better shopping experience for customers.
Generate customer satisfaction and motivate all employees for increased productivity.
Maintain compliancy regarding OSHA.
Work with all departments and merchandising team to implement and create ideas for increased sales and productivity throughout the store.
Responsible for scheduling, leading, and managing 70 employees. Deli Department Manager, Restaurant Depot July 2016-November 2017 Responsible for receiving product and ensures that aisles, freezer, and refrigerators are stocked, labeled, clean, and delivered product is out for sale, along with providing customer service.
Ensure proper customer service and work to develop relationships with large customers.
Reviews inventory for product rotation daily to prevent shrinkage and damage.
Ensures that employees are performing the proper inspections to meet HACCP regulations as well as conducting periodic HACCP audits.
Supervises the ordering of deli products from vendors on a regular basis to assure we have competitive pricing and minimal shrink due to spoilage and not have too much inventory on hand.
Coordinates proper merchandising of aisles (logical adjacencies, proper holding power, and space allocation) and creatively merchandises and sets up impulse areas for merchandising. Freezer Department Manager, Restaurant Depot October 2015-July 2016 Manage largest perishable department with goal of increasing sales and organization.
Acting leader for deli division, consisting of five departments.
Collaborate with Store Manager to implement improvement and efficiency among all sectors.
Manage Freezer Department team.
Conduct interviews and oversee hiring process.
Trains new hires and oversees continuing instruction.
Responsible for compliance and necessary disciplinary actions.
Create schedules and approve time off requests.
Ensure clean and safe environment for customers and employees alike.
Conduct department inventory and manage department audits.
Oversee department inventory at additional Restaurant Depot locations.
Manage product displays and placement.
Forklift and Standing Scooter certified.
Meat Department Manager, Restaurant Depot November 2013-October 2015 Manage Meat Department to ensure favorable customer experience while supervising employees and controlling inventory and shrink. Work to maintain and exceed expectations of highest grossing department within store location.
Manage Meat Department team.
Including interviews and hiring, training, and scheduling.
Ensure clean and safe environment for customers and employees alike.
Manage department inventory and audits.
Selected to oversee department inventory at additional locations.
Receive, weigh, tag, and display inventory for consumer purchase.
Assist customers utilizing extensive knowledge of meat quality and cuts.
Manage meat stored in Freezer Department.
Adhere to Fresh Walk Program for price reduction schedules and extended storage. EDUCATION:
Bachelor of Arts in Justice Studies
Georgia Southern University, Statesboro, GA 2010
Contact this candidate