CURRICULUM VITAE
Vistasp D. Contractor
Tel: +1-562-***-****, email: ad494f@r.postjobfree.com.
QUALIFICATION
• MBA – Marketing & Brand Management from S. P. Jain Centre of Management in April 2007
• Catering Diploma from Institute of Hotel Management & Catering Technology, Bombay in April 1988 WORK EXPERIENCE:
ASTARTA FZC (ASTARTA GENERAL TRADING LLC)
From March 2021 till Date as ~Retail Sales Manager – Branded & Private Label Responsible for
Ø To develop their private label business and fill in the spare capacity available for packing. Ø Lead a team of Sales Supervisor, 4 Sales Executive and 3 Van sales Ø Develop 1 Private label customer every 6 months whilst retaining the existing business Ø Set budgets and objectives for the department and review monthly Ø Take corrective actions in the market to ensure targets and company objectives are met Ø Study and share market trends and offer dynamic corrections where necessary Ø Communicate regularly with customers by sharing market intelligence to optimize value Achievement:
Activated new accounts like General Mills (Pillsbury), LULU, PRAN, WHITE PEARL which generated 2X sales within 12 months of joining.
New Marketing and Trading Company LLC
From Oct 2019 till Mar 2020 as Business Development Manager – FMCG Ø To develop and establish the foodservices division and increase the sales from existing 9.0 million and scale to 100 million annually.
Ø Lead the sales team for the achievement of monthly sales and gross margin targets for the Division. Ø Deliver an EBITDA of over 9 % on monthly basis for the foodservice department. Ø Sign up 3 new agencies to achieve bigger objective, Ø Key Account Management and maintain relationship with existing customers Ø New business development
Ø Set KPI’s for respective sales team
Ø Reduce the distribution cost from current 8% to 6% by adding high margin products and improve efficiency. Achievement:
Activated new accounts and added 3 more agencies in first 3 months of joining, and sales planned to achieve the objective of the company.
Started Frozen and chilled distribution
Kebab Bistro Restaurant LLC
From Jan 2018 till Sept 2019 as General Manager
Ø Achieving monthly sales and target and managing food cost. Ø Reduced Operation Cost from 25% to 20% by optimizing manpower Ø Expand business by operating new brands through dark kitchen concepts. Ø New business development through catering contracts, corporate function and wedding planners Ø Work closely with marketing team and promote the restaurant through social media platform Ø Set KPI’s for Chefs and delivery personnel and reward when achieved Ø Ensure proper training and all hygiene standards are met as per industry norms and licensing authorities Ø Managing cash flow and accounts
Achievement:
Introduced a new set of menu, trained current staff to adopt to the new style and was able to double up the sales within the first year of joining and make the restaurant profitable within 6 months of joining without additional investment. Launch of a new brand through dark kitchen concept. Fonterra Brands Middle East – Anchor Food Professionals From Feb 2015 till Nov 2017 as Key Accounts Manager Started the Bakery channel for their value-added products and successfully acquired the accounts of Carrefour, Lulu
& Spinneys for their in-store Bakery & hot-food section Achieving MT & GM from foodservices, bakery and deli channel through appointed distributors. New business development for foodservice, bakery and deli channel Manage relationship with existing distributors of Fonterra - HORECA Trade, Al Seer & M H Enterprises to: Ø Set objectives and targets, lead the distributor team Ø Manage their sales teams for secondary sales.
Ø Maintain direct relationship with all customers for all commercial and technical support Ø Review their business regularly from their key customers, Ø Monitor and analyze secondary sales regularly to take corrective action Ø Monitor competitor activities products and prices through regular market visits Ø Plan and execute marketing activities for instore bakeries and deli counters Achievement:
Acquired sales of value-added products within the first six months of joining through Carrefour, Spinneys, Lulu, Bakemart Plus etc.
IFFCO Group - Apr 2007 - Jan 2015 – 8 years
IFFCO Ingredients – Seville Products
May 2011 - Jan 2015 as Sales Manager – Foodservices Reporting to CEO – IFFCO Ingredients
Responsible for:
Ø Achieving MT & GM for the Business Unit of Bakery Ingredients business. Ø Responsible for new product development as per market requirement. Ø Monitoring Secondary sales thru distributors in UAE, Oman, Bahrain, Kuwait & KSA. Ø Maintaining relationships with Hotels, Restaurants, Coffee Shops, Key Accounts, QSR’s & Instore Bakeries Ø Formulating the targets of Technical Sales team – 6 chefs and 2 Sales Managers and helping them to achieve Achievement:
Successfully launched a value added range of Pristine Belgium products Appointing new distributors in – KSA, Qatar, Bahrain, Kuwait. IFFCO Group - Emirates Refining Company
Apr 2007 – Apr 2011 as Sales Manager – Food Services Reporting to General Manager – Food Service
Responsible for:
Ø Lead the sales team for the achievement of monthly sales and gross margin targets for the Division. Ø Key Account Management and maintain relationship with existing customers Ø New business development
Ø Targets and achievements of 12 sales executive, 3 supervisors. Federal Foods L.L.C.
Aug. 2002 - Mar 2007 as Category Manager – Bakery Ingredients & Seafood Reporting to: Director – Food Service
Ø Achieve NSV & GM for the Business Unit of Bakery Ingredients Ø Manage brands like BAKELS, BUNGE & ALDIA
Ø Trained at Bakels, Australia,
Ø Visit major international trade shows like Anuga, EBA, Germany Ø Market these brands to stand-alone Bakeries, In-store Bakeries and the HORECA Channel through respective channel sales team and mange a team of 3 demonstrators Ø Develop new customers and maintain relationships with Key Accounts through a team of three Key Account Executives and 14 van-sales operators, including supervisors & salesmen. Ø Identifying new franchise brands for the Bakery Category Business Unit Ø Procurement planning of existing products
Ø Organize Cooking Courses for VIP Ladies through marketing support from brands - President & Pinar Magenta Fish & Seafood LLC.
Aug 1996 – Feb 2002 as Sales Executive – Food Service Reporting to: General Manager
Responsible for
Ø Market development & distribution network in UAE Ø Develop Exports of fresh fish to UK and Lebanon. Ø Responsible for the Retail sales division.
Ø Forecast sales for seafood & other value-added sea food products. Ø Service clients independently for achievement of sales & gross margin targets. Ø Liaise with the various principles & suppliers for trading. Ø Bench-mark the competitors activities.
Ø Pricing of merchandise across territories, considering differences in tariffs across ME. Ø Prospecting new customers & discuss the logistics for export shipments. Ø Workout various financial arrangements with customers for receipt of payments- DA / DP/ L.C. Albert Abela & Co. (Emirates Flight Catering)
From April ‘89 – February ’94 as Baker
March ‘94 – Jul ’96 as Senior Store Keeper
I started my career as a Baker responsible for making different type of Hot Bakery products. In 1994, was promoted & transferred to the Main Stores as Senior Stores In charge, to supervise the day to day activities.
References
Available on request
Contact this candidate