LANGUAGE
COMPUTER SKILLS
Auto CAD
Tally
MS Office
Carrier HAP
EXPERIENCE
Think & Learn Pvt Ltd, Coimbatore
Business Development Associate - Sales
June 2022 - September 2023
Mentored & trained Business Development Trainees.
Handled multiple markets, different people & various locations in South India.
Delivered revenue of sales both in the conduction model & inside sales model.
Expertise in the Direct Selling and edTech industry, managing, Sales
& Business Development by leading business operations. Taking up revenue responsibility in a hybrid sales model will expose you to the best of inside and direct sales.
Managed and maintained a structured analysis of target markets, clients, and documentation in the CRM system.
DEEPASH M
Perseverance of perfection on all
ventures step in to, while being
resourceful, innovative for the
potential growth of the
organization and self.
About Me
+91-944*******
Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu
English
Tamil
Hindi
Malayalam
Kanada
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
ADDITIONAL SKILLS
Team Player
Optimistic
Customer Satisfaction
Team Managing
ERS Infosys, Coimbatore
Virtual Assistant
October 2019 - September 2020
Present excellent customer service skills to customers and clients. Managing filing systems, update records, and organize documentation.
Training new hires about the company, clients and process flow. Identifying the new portal and software to be implemented in the process.
Scheduling daily tasks for team members and audit thework done by them for the day.
Dar AI Andalus Printing Pub & Dist LLC, UAE
Business Development Executive
January 2016 - August 2019
Researching the needs of other companies and learning who makes decisions about purchasing.
Identifying Potential sales leads through Cold calls and existing clients UAE.
Develop and nurture relationships with all potential Consultants, Customers and agencies.
Planning and managing logistics, warehouse, transportation and customer services.
ad4zsk@r.postjobfree.com
LMES ACADEMY, Chennai
Business Development Manager
September 2023 - Present
Promoted handling team members (BDA'S) targeting and taking leader ship skills with the required targets assigned by the organization.
Handling 4 BDA’s as team.
WRPS & DRPS for the team by achieving the given target. Input drivers and output drivers to be handled.
EDUCATION
Diploma in Heating ventilation Air Conditioning
April 2016
Aghora Design Academy, Coimbatore
Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineer
April 2015
CSI College of Engineering, Ooty
Class XII
May 2011
SVGV Matriculation HSS, Coimbatore
Class X
May 2009
Defence Employees Matriculation School, Ooty
AREA OF EXPERTISE
Business development
Planning and Execution
Marketing Strategy
Marketing Research
Competitor Analysis
Inventory Management
Product Promotion
Report and
Documentation
Team management
CORE COMPETENCIES
Professional, growth-oriented, easy adaptive and a quick learner. Talented, independent, responsible, hardworking and efficient in analytical complex solving issues.
An absolute team player with good communication skills. Ability to deal with a diverse range of cultures and nationalities internationally. Ability to gain other’s support for ideas, proposals, projects, and solutions. Identifying what needs to be done and doing it before being asked or before the situation requires it.
Ability to find effective solutions by taking an abstract or theoretical perspective. Ability to plan and deliver oral and written communications that make an impact and persuade their intended audiences.
Highly competent self-motivated, hardworking with the ability to rapidly learn and apply new skills.
PERSONAL DETAILS
Name : Deepash M Age : 29
Father’s Name : Moorthi S DOB : 06/10/1994
Passport Number : M6008962 Expiry Date : 05/02/2025 Nationality : Indian Gender : Male
Martial Status : Married Native Place : Ooty
Contact this candidate