NOORUL HUDA GUL ZADA
**** ************* ** **********, **, USA
Contacts:571-***-****, ad4z7k@r.postjobfree.com
PERSONAL SUMMARY
Highly motivated development professional with over 20 years of progressively increasing responsibility in Financial management, implementation, and scale-up of innovative operations across a diverse range of organizations and donors: Actively took part in implementation of the World Bank, the International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs USA, The USAID, the Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA), the German Foreign Office (GFO), the Swedish the Swedish International Development Agency (SIDA), the Open Society Foundation (OSF) projects and sub-projects
Technical, analytical, and managerial skills with a track record of delivering financial and results in fields of Financial Accounting, management and reporting.
An intensive experience of project budgeting and budget revision.
And an excellent experience in QUICK BOOKS and Fund-EZ Accounting software. EXPERIENCE
Finance Manager/ Member of the Senior Management Team August, 2009- November 2023 International Legal Foundation (ILF)
Funded by INL/ State Department, USAID, World Bank, CIDA, OSF, SIDA, GFO and AusAid As a Finance Manager I was responsible for preparation of the grants reports to the funder on the required timetable, Forecasting cash from the funders, maintain high standard record of all related expenses and advances. leading the financial team and their professional works, undertake yearly appraisal of the relevant staff and after identification of the weaknesses, suggest relevant training to get improve, help the external auditors during the audit process, maintain the payrolls and its payment via bank, Work with the program staff on the budget to achieve the selected goals with the cost effectiveness way, overview the budget on a regular basis to avoid any potential overspending that possibly avoid by the funder, prepare a budget vs. actual report reports for fund-granting authorities, make sure with the program staff that the budget amendment/ adjustment are made in accordance with the program changes, provide advice and technical assistance with cost analysis, and made a fiscal allocation. As a Member of Senior Management Team I was responsible to help in drafting new proposal, budget proposals, establish new project related activities, review and develop current organization policies also, attend the national and international level relevant events to represent the organization professional work/ service. approve hiring and firing, promotion and demotion, upsizing and downsizing of staff with consideration of the organization policies and project budget and requirements, working across functions with other managers to ensure collaboration for shared goals. Participate in the donor review meetings, prepare project annual plan, Senior Accountant June 2006- July 2009
International Legal Foundation (ILF)
Funded by INL/ State Department, Checchi/ USAID, CIDA, OSF, SIDA and GFO As a senior finance officer I was responsible for complex Journal entries, advance general ledger account reconciliation, responsible for responding to internal and external customer quetins making entries into Quick Books accounting package, verified all transactions with the supporting documents, preparing of vouchers for cash, advance and payments. Preparing the report to the funders, keep track of the accrued expenses, closing of the books at the end of each fiscal year, maintain financial filling system, keep track of the account receivables and account payables and preparing the staff payroll with the and deduct the due tax from each employee. In addition, I was responsible to manage staffing activity of the department, arrange all types of transportation domestically, check the professional work of the provincial offices finance officers and give them feedback when needed, keep track of the office inventories, filling of the office Incoming and Outgoing letters, work with management in developing the operating and Finance policies and regulations, help the human resource department in preparing of the probationary period documents for the newly joined staff. Finance Officer September 2004 to May 2006
Swedish Committee for Afghanistan (SCA)
Funded by SIDA and European Union (EU)
As a Finance Officer I was responsible for checking and controlling of all procurement in accordance to the place policies and donor requirements, check and control all receivables and payables related to the project, supervise project income, payroll management with the deduction of the due tax, advance and loan, making the entries into the system and preparing and analyzing the project financial reports and communicate the result to the project management and other members, sharing the project budget pipeline with the project technical manager to help him/her to understand how much the budget has been utilized and the remaining balance and activities, preparing the fixed assets list as well as the entire inventory list, scrutinize and approve purchase request forms in order to avoid any expenses not part of the NOORUL HUDA GUL ZADA 2
approved budget, and participate in recruiting process of the financial staff and facilitate the training to the new hired staff in the finance section.
Cashier/ Cash Officer June 2004 to August 2004
Swedish Committee for Afghanistan (SCA)
Funded by SIDA and European Union (EU)
As a Cashier/ Cash Officer, I was responsible for maintaining the Safe and accurate handling of cash according to the cashiers Leading Directives and regulation of finance, made cash payments where seriously considering finance roles and regulation, also make the payments after the documents/ receipts have been approved by the Finance Chief Officer, also, update records of all types of cash payments immediately i.e. cashbook, salaries advance record, Imprest records and etc., reconciled physical cash on hand with the cashbook balance on a daily basis and worked with other staff how to use financial standard forms. i.e. per diem sheet, travel cost and expenses summary sheet etc. plan and manage cash required for the daily need of the office, responsible for monthly salaries payments to local and expatriate staff. Train new hired finance staff in cash handling.
School Administrative Assistant/ Teacher April 2003 to May 2004 GTZ/ BEFARe- UNHCR – NWFP- Pak. Funded by UNHCR and GERMANY As a school Administrative Assistant and Teacher I was responsible for monitoring of lesson plan, lesson materials and method. Monitoring hygiene of school and classes and advice to the students about hygiene and health care. Salaries distribution on monthly basis. Control middle and annual examination. Make and arrange of the academic year and examination time table acc. To the related fields of the teacher. Arrange monthly meetings with community school committee about students and schools’ problems and their solving. Distribution lessons materials on students (Books, Notebooks, pens, etc). Monitoring guard’s activities and advise them if needed. Make inventory list of all equipment. Holding meetings with the teachers how to solve school, students and teaching methodology problems and how we can improve educational activities.
School Administrative Assistant/ Teacher August 2000 to March 2003 Swiss Aid (SAA) – NWFP- Pak. Funded by Swiss
As a school Administrative Assistant and Teacher I was responsible for maintaining the filling system. Assist Administrator in record keeping of educational documents, drafting, report writing and stationary distribution. Preparation of purchase order, Preparation of Educational Equipment list, make sure about security, cleanness and construction of Schools. Also thought science and Pashto language grammar. EDUCATION
Bachelor’s in business administration- 2011: Bakhter. University Executive Diploma in Business & Administration from Karwan University
Diploma in Accountancy from COMTEC Collage - Pakistan
Diploma in MS-OFFICE package Course (EXCEL) from NWFP Computer Engineering College in Pakistan TRAININGS
Practical Training on Financial Accounting Software FUNDEZ by the ILF at New York USA
Training on MANAGERIAL SKILLS by the ILF at New York USA
Training on AUDIT AND FRAUD PREVENTION by Fortune Institute of International Business in Delhi- INDIA
Training on HEALTH FINANCING PILOT by MoPH/ JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY
Training on TEACHING METHODOLOGY by ANCB funded by UNESCO FACILITATED TRAININGS
Worked as a Teaching Assistant (Valunteerly) at the US camp in QATAR
Facilitating Practical Financial Accounting/ Quick Books trainings for the ILF- N financial staff in NEPAL
Conducted Practical Financial Accounting/ Quick Books training to the ILF- Afghanistan financial staff
Facilitating Practical Financial Accounting/ Fund-EZ training to the ILF- N financial staff in NEPAL LANGUAGE: English, Pashto, Dari/Farsi
REFERENCES:
Will be provided upon request.
Contact this candidate