ROSIE DOMINGUEZ
Redondo Beach, CA *****
310-***-**** - ad50dl@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Highly motivated, accomplished and results driven sales professional responsible for driving sales funnel development within national enterprise customers. Responsible for driving acquisition efforts including sales solutions, strategic partnerships, and knowledge transfer. With 25+ years of proven experience in IT, including hardware, software, and managed services in several IT leadership roles. Adept at setting goals, improving performance, and capitalizing on upsell opportunities. Successful history of exceeding sales objectives.
SKILLS
Account Development
Account Management
Solution Selling
Business Growth and Retention
Client Relationship-Building
Revenue Generation
Sales Presentation
Sales Pipeline Development
Customer Engagement Strategies
Marketing Planning
Contract Negotiation Expertise
WORK HISTORY
March 2021 to
Current
National Account Manager
Spectrum Enterprises LLC, A Charter Communications – Los Angeles, CA
Identified profitable business leads and built pipeline of prospective customers.
Developed sales strategy based on research of consumer buying trends and market conditions.
Provided analytical rationale to identify, develop and implement activities within allocated account base.
Reached out to customers frequently to check on satisfaction, inquire about needs and propose new offerings.
Managed, supported, and grew business relationships with existing accounts and developed strategies to increase sales and revenue.
Tracked sales data to assess trends and make proactive strategy changes.
Forecasted sales and established processes to achieve sales objectives and related metrics.
Provided product demonstrations to share features, answer questions and overcome concerns.
Achieved 102% YTD in 2023
Achieved 114% YTD in 2022
01/2016 to 03/2021 National Account Manager, Client Director Sprint Communications – Los Angeles, CA
Responsible for planning and directing or managing sales of products and services to commercial customers, typically larger enterprise businesses, and institutions.
Develop and oversee sales processes to commercial customers (new activations, renewals, and revenue) via the account management of indirect dealer partners and/or support of direct sellers as an overlay sales team and/or direct selling to customers.
Coordinate workflows.
Works with sales force to ensure their customers understand the benefits and features of new products, services, and programs.
Build and maintain network of colleagues, partners, and customers to share information and obtain prospects.
Oversee the processing of commercial sales orders and documentation required for accurate and timely installation and turn-up of sold accounts.
Prepare regular sales activities reports.
Negotiates to gain cooperation and for resources that directly affect performance of the sales team.
Ranked top 10 in West Region for President's Circle Ranking 01/2012 to 01/2016 Major Account Manager
Sprint Communications – Los Angeles, Redondo Beach, CA
Responsible for the development and growth of major and national accounts within the enterprise segment focusing on achieving top line sales targets through strategic account planning, cultivation of high-level relationships and uncovering needs through discovery.
Develop and foster high level relationships to better position and strategize within accounts.
Knowledgeable in voice, data, and mobile wireless products and applications.
Ranked top 10 in West Region for President's Circle Ranking- 2014
Ranked top 15 in West Region for President's Circle Ranking- 2013
Increased monthly billed revenue throughout 2014 and 2013 monthly.
Achieved 110 % YTD TBR
Ranked top 10 in West Region for President's Circle Ranking 01/2004 to 01/2012 Base Management & Acquisition Account Manager Sprint Communications – Los Angeles, CA
Responsible for growing and developing of key accounts within general business and public sector segments for wireline and wireless solutions.
Identifying customer's needs through discovery and sell appropriate solutions while targeting new business opportunities.
Develop and foster high level relationships to better position and strategize within accounts.
Ranked #1 in West Region for President's Circle
Increased monthly billed revenue throughout 2011 monthly.
Acquired 3 new logo wins in 2011, TCV $1.8M
Achieved 125 % YTD TBR
Ranked #5 in West Region for President's Circle Ranking- 2010
Ranked top 10 in West Region for President's Circle Ranking- 2009
President's Circle Winner in sales performance for 2008 01/2001 to 01/2003 Director
Sony Pictures Entertainment – Culver City, CA
Managed a team of technicians and service staff members to maintain and support nationally all voice, data, mobile, and video communications within the company.
Developed and enhanced products, worked with vendors, systems, operations and sales.
Managed an annual budget of $12M for operations, services, and sales.
Principal negotiator of multi-year contracts, quantifying profitability and reducing potential annual expense by $3M Project Manager in the cut over of telephone system equipment and facilities for company headquarters and subsidiaries
Incorporated VOIP, Unified Messaging and increased communications accessibility by 200% Expanded service base by 40% Implemented and designed end to end processes to support pre-sales efforts and post sales efforts that include but not limited to design, construction, implementation, certification and delivery of phone, data and video services, managed contractors until completion EDUCATION
Bachelor of Arts
California State University - Northridge, CA
Contact this candidate