Mike Tapiawala
Phone: 214-***-**** Email: ad51jw@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mike-tapiawala-757576a8/

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Sales professional with entrepreneurial level skills in Business Development, Government/EDU Contracts and Projects related to ProAV, UC, IT, Automation & Control Solutions.

EXPERTISE

Education, Federal, State and Local Government Sales.
Channel, OEM, VAR and Hospitality Sales.

PROFICIENCY

• Government Compliance, CCR, FAR and DFAR Clauses, Rules, Regulations and Provisions Analysis.
• Bidding and Negotiations on Solicitations, RFPs, RFQs, IFB, Cooperative Term Contracts and Projects.
• Contract vehicles IDIQ, IDPO, BPA, GSA, GWAC, NECO, DLA, DIBBS, FEDBID, E-Rate, DIR, WSCA Etc.

EXPERIENCE

Commercial Sales Manager, Nice-NA (“GEFEN” ProAV, Nice Control & Automation)
October 2022- Present

Business Development of GEFEN & Nice to Channel Partners, Hospitality, MDU, EDU/Govt agencies.
Account Management, Negotiations, Product/Solutions Design, Pricing & Competitive Analysis.
Consultant Liaison, Live & Application Demo, Trade Shows & Events participation.

Channel Sales Account Manager, Crestron Electronics (UC, ProAV, IOT, Control & Automation)
January 2017- October 2022

• Consistently achieved Quota and YOY growth from Underperforming channel accounts in US & Canada.
• The major responsibilities include Channel Development, Program launches and Quota carrying Sales.
• The challenging role is emphasized on Revenue Growth, Sales Trainings, Account Management & QBR.
• The routine responsibilities involve Design Build Custom Quotes, Negotiations and Product Launches.

Business Development Manager (Govt. & Edu), Collaboration Solutions (ProAV Solutions & Projects)
January 2015- December 2015

Built a high profit margin Multi Million portfolio from Government and Educational Sales.
Business Development and Sales of Audio Visual and IT Hardware solutions and equipment to Federal, State, Local Government and Education Agencies. The role emphasized heavily on working several projects, product sourcing, competitive analysis, vendor sourcing and design solutions.

Sales Executive, P O Express Inc. (IT & AV HW)
January 2006 – June 2012

Developed IT trading sales of $12 Million specialized in Public and Private sector.
Business Development and sales by Bidding and Project Contract Negotiations.
Purchasing, Vendor Authorizations, Product Sourcing and Product portfolio Enhancement.
Infrastructure Development, Liaison, Logistics and obtain Regular & Alternate Financing.

Sales Executive, Monarch Systems (IT HW, SW and Projects)
Dec.1990-March 2004

Built complete infrastructure of $25 Million IT business in Public sector and Education markets.
Sales of Turnkey Projects. Custom configured PCs & Servers, Networking products and Peripherals.
Conduct Product reviews, specifications compliance and Evaluation meetings with various groups.

Franchisee (Owner), Holiday Inn (Hospitality)
Oct.1997- April 2006

• Achieved Revenue Growth of over 100% within 2 years.
• Sales of Hospitality products to Travel Clubs/ Agents, Camps, Vacationers and Corporations.
• Sales and Installation of Commercial Electronics, Audio Visual and Security products to hotels.
• Maintenance, Management, Quality Control Compliance, Purchasing and Training per Codes.
• Cost/ Profitability reviews, Report Generation and Analysis, Supervise Billing and Collections.
• Supervise Build, Re Build and Re Modelling related to expansion and construction.

Sales Representative, BSM Computers (IT HW Distribution)
Oct.1989-December 1990

Achieved 600% quota by Building and developing IT peripherals market in channel sales.
Extensive cold calling and telemarketing to sale Computer peripherals to Channel, VAR and OEMs.
Achieve and facilitate project oriented special pricing from manufacturers and the management.
Team leadership and training new recruits for Hunter and Farmer roles.

Sales Manager, Shimnit Enterprises (Industrial and Defense Consumables)
July 1988-August 1989

Developed and built direct and channel sales network of Agency products across multiple regions.
The responsibilities included extensive marketing, supervising sales staff, exhibition and seminars for High Density Graphite and Industrial products to department of defense and Industrial customers.
Manufacturer visits for negotiations, import regulations and technical design & product meetings.

Sales Officer, Megabyte Computers (IT Products and Services)
April 1987- July 1988

Developed PC channel/ Franchise Sales in a new company and won highest accolades.
Consultative and Concept Sales by Teaching utilization and advantages of computerization to vast population via road shows, exhibitions, training programs and town hall meetings.
Sales of PCs and application software packages to businesses, Academies and small industries.

Sales Engineer, Crompton Greaves (Low/Medium Voltage Industrial Electrical Products)
July 1982-April 1987

Key role in Dealer Appointment and Quota driven Business Development for LTCG products division.
Marketing and sales of Industrial electrical products such as Industrial electric motors, transformers, circuit breakers, electric pumps, PLCs, thermal relays, contactors etc. to wide variety of consultants, State electricity boards, OEMs and industrial customers directly and via regional Channel network.
Promoting, analyzing, Scrutinizing and necessary research related to new dealer appointments.
Product certifications to meet various stringent Standards like Lloyds, Marine test labs, Consultants.

Education: Electrical Engineering from S B M Polytechnic, University of Mumbai, India
Contact this candidate