MICHAEL LENGEL
ad54iu@r.postjobfree.com 330-***-**** Columbiana, OH 44408

Summary
Customer-oriented professional including over thirty years of procurement, construction, and business development bidding work (up to $8B for 1275MW off shore wind project (Mayflower Wind), managing build projects for Hohl Industrial, HWH Architects, Engineers, and John Cockerill. Work involved complex bids, contract negotiation, MS Project and Oracle P6 scheduling for customer in order to achieve progress billings. Engagement with financial professionals, engineering, and operations to bid on work and report complex project to management and customers with monthly updated cost evolutions, strategic plans. Updating project objectives involved team collaboration and management of strategic suppliers. Developed engineering, manufacturing, and sales teams to win business. Familiar with work scopes, complex contracts, codes, and agency compliance (DOD, DOE, Army Corp, building codes).

Skills
Budgeting and forecasting
Systems & process implementation
Cost reduction and containment
Greenbelt Certification - GE
Project development and lifecycle
Staff training and motivation
Program leadership
PMP Certification - Honeywell

Experience

Dasher Lawless, Contract Manager, Senior Project Manager (contract)
Jan – April 2024
Developed and managed complex contracts for automated parking and EV charging facilities. Included customers, architects, subcontract suppliers, and permitting agencies. Involved sophisticated manufacturing and on-site construction as well as SCADA & HMI controls of automated parking structures and EV charging facilities and service trucks.

Senior Project/Contract Manager, John Cockerill (contract)
01/10/23 – 12/31/23
Manage engineering, procurement, and manufacturing teams along with monthly of project budget items and schedule. Lead interface with customer from sales through delivery and installation of product. Utilized Waterfall, Scrum, and SDLC planning, detail schedule maintenance, and regular interface with customers for reporting long term contract performance including progress payment approvals.

Project Manager, Program Manager (contract)
03/2022 – 12/31/22
Randstad Engineering
Supporting product recall, remediation, process for U.S and world.
Manage suppliers participating in 500M remediation efforts.

Belcan Engineering, Program Manager (contract) 11/2021 – thru 03/2022
Supplier development & construction manager for 3M sq ft facility & $2.5B lithium battery facility in Lordstown, OH (GM-LG Chem JV).
Supporting Honeywell Aerospace in supply of finished machined components for F16, F35 and other key programs including Abrahams.
Senior Project Manager
12/2020 - 11/2021
Mayflower Wind LLC Boston, MA
Reporting to CFO and CEO, $8B offshore wind energy project.
Proposal development included the development of cost workbooks, economic benefits of investment for state consideration, engagement of suppliers of major components including construction EPC.
Worked to develop Supplier and Workforce Development Plans.
Interface with Union leaders to develop support and laying groundwork for Project Labor Agreement.
Created procurement specifications and associated Risk Register for contract resolution.
Regional Manager
07/2018 - 12/2020
Hohl Industrial Tonawanda, NY
Reporting to President, responsible for business development in the western area, PA, OH, IN, WV, VA, KY.
Engaged in pursuing opportunities, engaging customers, bid and contract development, project staffing, project P&L.
Reviewed contract language and managed cradle to grave – bids, execution, claims, and project close-out for final payment.
Industries include general manufacturing, design/build, energy, marine, civil construction, mechanical and rigging.
Sr. Procurement Project Manager
09/2014 - 06/2018
Honeywell UOP Des Plaines, IL
Managed international Capex projects in oil and gas engineering, components, vessels, equipment, and complete plants up to $330M.
Led Procurement interface with Sales, Engineering, and Quality qualifying international supply base and conducting eAuction Represented Procurement in (SIOP), develop the Sourcing Strategy, generated the required procurement categories, developed and qualified supply base, implemented with qualification, audits, and e-auction, uploaded NDAs, contract agreements, and supplier audits.
Utilized strategic supply base development, supplier qualification, cost and technical bid assessment, and implementation to delivered over $20M in cost avoidance and cost savings.

Project Manager
08/2013 - 09/2014
ATK Defense Independence, MO
As part of PMO office, developed strategic sourcing plan for Capex projects of $100M.
Developed technical SOW and contractual documents for RFQ & conducted bid meetings.
Successfully complete government audits for contract awards.
Delivered $8M in cost avoidance and cost savings.
Reported EVA and progress status to management and government representatives.
Project Manager
01/2005 - 08/2013
HWH Engineering, Highland Consulting Cleveland, OH
Lead business development team responsible for marketing/sales in commercial and military segments.
Presented new business opportunities from the standpoint of job creation and regional economic growth to federal, state and city officials securing millions in facility improvement funds.
Provided project management services, including start-up, product development, manufacturing processes, productivity improvement/lean, market development and turn-around for clients through strategic planning, budgets, schedules, and supply chain reorganization providing millions in increased revenue, savings, new projects.
Led productivity and quality initiatives for clients including failure analysis, process improvement and development, material substitution (involved 5 S, poke yoke, six sigma review of process & supply chain).
Constructed machine shop, mezzanine, blast/paint building, and other facilities which saved them millions.
Formulated team to quote Army/Navy Joint High-Speed Vessel and High-Speed Cutter, potential sales of $200+ million.
Led bid preparation for Assault Boat for Israeli Defense Forces (involved ceramic composite and AR alloy steel).
Projects include bid, negotiation, project management including claim negotiations, final payments & sign-off: Cement & slurry plant for Roman Construction – design foundations & construction management.
Capex project development and management for clients included:
oRebuild of injection pumps for First Energy
oPlate handling system – design & build for client
oSecured economic development funds – helped secure $5 million of $23 million plan (State & Federal Agencies) on behalf of client.
Vice President & General Manager
01/2002 - 12/2004
Manitowoc Toledo, OH
For this shipbuilding and repair company, refined bidding and estimating processes, vendor rationalization, strategic planning, and facility improvement to grow business from $10M to over $35 million dollar
Grew operation to 300 skilled union tradesmen.
Developed project managers, customers, bid process, supply chain to secure $60M new construction project with Hornbeck International and to win outside of yard steel erection and construction projects for:
oCement plants for St Mary's Cement
oLong term maintenance contracts with Marsulex & BP–Petrochem (sulfuric compounds) production facility
oConstruction & repair contracts for North Star Steel
oSteel erection projects for numerous customers including Streamline Foods, Richfield Village, City of Toledo, Meijer Stores, Reymar Steel, and other general contractors.

Vice President & General Manager
01/1999 - 12/2001
Ridgewood WaterPure Oak Harbor, OH
R&D company utilizing thermodynamics, mass flow, vapor compression, PLC control, and water/materials chemistry.
P&L responsibility for $10 million R&D operation, including product and process development.
Managed development of complex equipment involving pressure/mass sensors, thermocouples, chemical analysis devices, mass flow instrumentation and data acquisition system for establishing set points/analyzing system equilibrium.
Technology sold to major company in the market for millions in profit.

VP Corporate Resources
01/1997 - 12/1998
Sylvania Lighting International Canton, MA
Involved with reorganization of new acquisitions for improved performance, standardization of manufacturing processes and supplier base, new business growth, and return on capital.
Responsible for material cost reductions, productivity initiatives, recommendations on organizational changes and product development, and restructuring of marketing and sales effort.
Selected higher-quality lower-cost suppliers, reduced number of suppliers, slashed operations costs by $15 million.
Reorganized management, and marketing to establish new distribution channels, customers and rejuvenate sales team with incentives which led to a $40M increase in revenue.
Productivity Manager
01/1986 - 12/1998
GE Lighting Cleveland, OH
Led supply base rationalization for best-in-class supply including design engineering development with Belcan Engineering, Cincinnati, OH.
Within Procurement, developed supply chain to support 30 component and assembly plants, implementing productivity projects with plant and supply base.
Projects involved material substitution, packaging, Six Sigma quality initiatives, upgrade and replacement of production processes and equipment.
Successfully developed projects to lower total cost through improvements in equipment and processes, saved more than $1 million per year for 11 years.
Marketing Manager, Senior Buyer
04/1973 - 12/1985
Babcock & Wilcox Barberton, OH
Under tight schedules, organized engineering, manufacturing, and quality teams in the preparation of comprehensive, highly technical, multi-million-dollar bids.
Secured contracts between $40 to $80 million annually for naval nuclear propulsion systems for aircraft carriers, submarines, and destroyers, aircraft catapult systems, solar power plants, power generation components, wind tunnels, and other pressure vessels for the energy, science, and petrochemical industries.
Aggressively pursued opportunities in the engineering, materials, and fabrication markets to establish a marketing plan, align resources, and sell to government agencies, engineering and construction companies
Held DOD & DOE secret clearances for marketing and project management of DOD & DOE projects.
Delivered annual cost savings of more than $1 million per year.

Education and Training
MBA
Baldwin Wallace College
BS: Finance
University of Akron
3,000 Hours Supplemental Studies:
Metallurgical Principles, Allied Research Center
Non-Destructive Testing Practices, Alliance Research Center
Six Sigma Design, General Electric
Six Sigma Champion Training, Oriel
Six Sigma Green Belt Certification, General Electric/Honeywell
Advance Manufacturing Management, General Electric
Applied Product Management, University of Michigan
Economic Value Added, University of Wisconsin
Simplifying the Purchasing Operations, University of Wisconsin
Oracle P6 Training - Ten Six Consulting
Advanced Scheduling & Forecasting, SAP Systems
Just-In-Time Management, University of Michigan
Principles of Export, University of Akron
Executive Leadership Program, General Electric
PMP certification, GE & Honeywell

Accomplished
Honeywell – managed over $330M in Capex projects delivering over $20M in cost avoidance & cost savings
ATK Defense – managed over $100M in Capex projects delivering $8M in cost avoidance & savings
HWH Engineering – increased revenues by $5M to $23M in manufacturing, marine, construction
Manitowoc – as GM, doubled revenues, and securing new contract for$60M (110K barrel heated oil barges for Hornbeck oil International)
Ridgewood WaterPure – GM of start-up R&D operation including market research, staffing, prototype development, specification development, supply chain development (Sold for $10M profit)
Sylvania Lighting – As VP of Corporate Resources, took productivity to all operations, P&L responsibility and reorganized maquiladora increasing revenue from $50M to $90M and restoring profits
GE Lighting – Delivered over $1M in annually working as Productivity Manager in Productivity
Babcock & Wilcox – moved from Procurement to Marketing as Proposal Engineer delivering $40 to $80M in sales for defense, energy, oil & gas, and, engineering projects
Contact this candidate