Nikita Patel

Profile

●Around *+ years of experience as Project Manager and QA Analyst in both Manual and Automation testing on various applications like Banking, Financial and Healthcare applications.
●Proficient in Manual Testing like Smoke Testing, Black Box Testing, White Box Testing, Integration Testing, Database Testing, Regression Testing, Performance Testing and GUI software Testing.
●Good Experience in Automation testing using Selenium WebDriver & Selenium RC using JAVA.
●Experience in SOA testing includes developing test scripts in manual and automated testing environments, logging and recording test results, developing test scenarios, identifying and analyzing test errors, and maintaining test scripts.
●Experience in Defining Testing Methodologies, Creating Test Plans and Test Cases, Verifying and Validating Application Software and Documentation based on standards for Software Development and effective QA implementation in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
●Acquired in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC), Defect Life Cycle (DLC), Test Plan, and Test Strategy & Test Methodologies.
●Experience with QA Methodology and QA Strategies to ensure Quality Assurance Control and Knowledge of complete Agile SCRUM methodology.
●Proficient in writing Test Plans, Test Cases and Feature files in Jenkin language for both Manual and Automated.
●Project responsibilities include gathering the requirements from the clients, performing analysis on the business requirements, testing environment set-up, and testing in the production environment and providing warranty support.
●Shouldering overall responsibilities to understand Client Processes and to work efficiently to meet targets and deliver solutions in accordance with Company quality control standards and business practices and procedures.

Technical Skills

●Testing tools: Selenium WebDriver, HP Quality Center/ALM, Junit, TestNG, JIRA, SOAP UI, QTP, Eclipse, Protractor, Manual Testing, Appium (Android Testing)
●Languages: C, C++, Java, C#, SQL, Python
●Project Management: Microsoft Project, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel), Microsoft PowerPoint, Azure, MS Access, Agile & Waterfall
●Browsers: Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome & Safari
●Operating Systems: Windows XP, 7, 8 & server 2003, UNIX and Linux Mobile Manual
●Testing: Android, ios.

Cosmik System LLC DE, USA
QA Manual/Automation Engineer Nov 2023 - Present

●Analyze business requirements and work closely with developers to deliver high quality software.
●Translate system requirements into test scripts and test cases.
●Extensively involved in all stages of testing life cycle, Test Driven Development methodologies (TDD), Software Development Life cycle (SDLC) using Waterfall, Agile methodologies.
●Involved in setting up configuring the testing environment with Eclipse, TestNG, Selenium WebDriver and Selenium Java client driver using BDD framework.
●Designed and developed Page Objects using Page Object Design Pattern and Selenium WebDriver.
●Performed comprehensive manual testing to test website compliance against requirements Performed Data driven testing using Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, TestNG functions and JDBC Connections which reads data from scripts using property and XML files.
●Experience with cross browser testing, such as Chrome, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Safari.'
●Wrote and executed automated test cases using Selenium WebDriver to automate manual testing solutions.
●Used Maven, GitHub, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Jenkins, Java, and Selenium Grid to create nightly automation scripts.
●Executed SQL queries, Joins and Performed Backend testing and ensured the retrieval of the data from the Validated Reports and statements.
●Created data-driven automation scripts for testing API Web Services using REST API
●Tested request and response XML based web services interfaces using Soap API in Soap UI.
●Tested the application in highly dynamic environment with sprint team using Agile Methodology
●Planned and executed Backend testing using numerous SQL Queries to verify the dataflow from the database.

CSS Bengaluru, India
QA Engineer Mach 2019 - March 2021

●Involved in Business analysis and requirements gathering.
●Wrote Test Cases and Test Procedures based on the Test Plan.
●Created Selenium test cases for automation using Selenium Web Driver.
●Created parameterization tests by importing data from excel files using TestNG Data provider, Apache POl and Selenium Web Driver
●Validated Web Services using SOAPUI and created test suites for the functional Testing of Web Services
●Testing application to accommodate sufficient time for developers to resolve the issues.
●Transformation of use cases to test scenarios and designing test plans and test cases.
●Used Quality Center for generating Requirements, Test Sets, and Test Plan and for reporting defects.
●Performed Regression, UAT, Integration, GUI, and Usability Testing.
●Reviewed and analyzed artifacts throughout the SDLC.
●Reviewed user documentation for accuracy of implemented functionality descriptions.
●Test the successful application written to perform numerous administrative, maintenance, security, and other updates of mobile devices (based on iOS and Android) in Appium.
●Extensively worked on the development of test standards for script development, deployment, and reuse.
●Interaction with the developers for resolving critical bugs and functionality modifications.
●Used SQL Server database extensively to validate the back-end data.

M/s Om power Transmission Pvt Ltd. India
Assistant Project Manager Nov 2017 - March 2019

●Led development efforts Using Agile methodology, worked closely with scrum team
●Developed and initiated projects, managed costs, and monitored performance.
●Attended JAD session, webinars for system development projects.
●Collaborated with a team to document and define global business processes of the organization.
●Recorded project details such as task progress, resources costs and allocated budgets to analyze performance, generate performance reports for key leaders and implement corrective measures, which improved performance of all projects.
●Achieved project deadlines by coordinating with contractors to manage performance.
●Defined data migration requirements and strategy in preparation for system migration
●Defined requirements for data model and system architecture.
●Mapped the data management model, including requirements for security, usability, and data structure.
●Worked with all departments within the global organization to define requirements, establish testing procedures, and training guidelines.
●Organized projects within strict timeframes and budget constraints by solving complex problems and working closely with senior leaders.
●Oversaw high profile projects by planning, designing, and scheduling phases.
●Reallocating resources to ensure tasks are completed on time, identifying alternative materials to reduce costs, and determining where to reduce task duration to maintain timelines when another task is overdue.
●Assisted with the interface selection process, defining requirements for reporting, data flow, and integration points.
Contact this candidate