Contact
205-***-**** (Mobile)
ad55rr@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/jack-
reed-231462196 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Communication
Problem Solving
Contract Management
Jack Reed
Account Executive Account Manager Business Development Manager Relationship Builder
Birmingham, Alabama, United States
Summary
Jack Reed is a seasoned Business Development Manager with experience in various industries such as technology, design, gaming, manufacturing, consumer electronics, robotics, and real estate. He is skilled in negotiation, acquisition, account management, project management, production planning, technical recruiting, automotive engineering consulting, and relationship building. He has experience in managing projects from concept to mass production, handling multiple projects concurrently, and leading teams of up to 25 people. Jack has also worked as a co-owner of a full-service social media marketing and advertising agency and as a project manager responsible for acquisition, re-zoning, remodeling and expansion of properties, and the sale of residential and commercial real estate.
Top Skills: Leadership, Sales, Management, Project Management, Communication, Customer Service, Teamwork, Problem Solving, and detailed Research
Experience
Onward Search
Business Development Manager
September 2023 - March 2024 (7 months)
Birmingham, Alabama, United States
Building book of business from the ground up. Main clients are technology, AI, and manufacturing companies. Hiring manager prospects include anyone at manager level, director level, VP level, and executive level. Our candidates are typically marketing and creative talent as well as sales people, all dependent upon the client's needs.
Meeting daily and weekly metrics
Page 1 of 4
Seneca Resources
1 year 5 months
Business Development Manager
September 2022 - September 2023 (1 year 1 month)
Birmingham, Alabama, United States
2022: 210% over YTD quota after 5 months of employment Building networks of Tier 1 and Tier 2 automotive suppliers, engineering teams, manufacturing teams, and HR managers. Understanding their hiring needs and meeting those needs with contract, contract to hire, and direct hire placements. Working within multiple industries to bring the hiring expertise and assistance that companies need to continue to grow. Creating tearsheets from scratch of qualified technical candidates in Automotive and Manufacturing to ensure the pipeline is always flowing for clients.
I handle all things staffing and recruiting, direct hire, contract to hire, and contract terms. Ensuring that automotive manufacturing and engineering firms and corporations can focus on the bigger picture while we at Seneca get the top technical talent for them to do so. Improving processes, developing lasting relationships with candidates and prospects.
Maintaining a strong book of business with directors, managers, HR professionals, and President/Owners. Understanding the pain points in hiring, firing, and maintaining top talent in the Automotive and Manufacturing industries.
Technical Recruiter
May 2022 - September 2022 (5 months)
Birmingham, Alabama, United States
2021: 210% over YTD quota with only 5 months of employment Sales background in Automotive and Manufacturing Industry, currently training to be an expert in recruiting and staffing for engineers in various industries. R&K Social Media LLC
Co-Owner
August 2019 - September 2023 (4 years 2 months)
Birmingham, Alabama, United States
Page 2 of 4
Full service social media marketing and advertising agency. Flat rate fee for services well beyond your standard content creation and posting. Subject matter expert in digital and print media.
SM Magnetics
Business Development Manager
March 2020 - May 2022 (2 years 3 months)
Built out our largest enterprise account (Google), went from 1 contact to over 30 high level contacts.
- Went from 1 project to 5 projects, managed these projects from concept to mass production
- Built revenue from $500k to over $1.5MM in this account annually Won bids for over 10 enterprise level accounts to start manufacturing for them. Gained over 100 contacts and grew the business development team in the process.
Managing projects from concept to mass production including but not limited to the oil and gas, robotics, consumer electronics, automotive, pumps, and sensors industries.
Put together plans and validate specs for NPI, EVT, DVT, and mass production and work with various teams to validate logistics, pricing, design, and engineering. Well versed with multiple supplier portal systems including Arena PLM and QMS. Handling multiple projects concurrently, meeting deadlines, exceeding expectations in sales. Handling roughly 10-20 projects at a time while also building business within those customers. Acquisition role where I was tasked with bringing in new business as well as new projects to take on. This role encompassed business development, project management, account management, and sales. Keller Williams Realty, Inc.
Executive Assistant
July 2019 - February 2020 (8 months)
Homewood, Alabama, United States
Handled clients as well as paperwork for contracts ranging from $200k to
$1.5M. Built networks with local realtors and closing attorneys to expand my knowledge of the real estate market. Daily activities included marketing emails, social media marketing and advertising, traditional media marketing Page 3 of 4
and advertising, contract proof-reading, addendum proof reading, customer service, and market analysis. Generated new business as well as referrals, and learned from some of the best closers in real estate along the way. Reed Energy LLC
Project Manager
June 2015 - January 2020 (4 years 8 months)
Jasper, Alabama, United States
Responsible for the following:
Acquisition
Re-zoning
Remodeling & expansion of current properties
Sale of both residential and commercial real estate. Software expert for Quickbooks, microsoft office, and Google suite. I coordinated with a general contractor and all subcontractors and other staff to ensure all projects were completed within their respective scheduled time frames. I became familiar with schematics and blueprints. I worked closely with the local community doing outreach programs following the tornadoes in 2011 that left the areas surrounding Jasper demolished. I helped to start the first tiny house project in Walker County with the Walker County Foundation in Cordova. Genuinely found my calling while working in this role.
Page 4 of 4
Contact this candidate