Ari Baker
Business
Administrator
About Me
Cell: 954-***-**** Email: ad55lz@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: http://linkedin.com/in/ari-baker-979807aa With more than 9 years in business development and resource management, I’m a skilled Business Operations Manager dedicated to optimizing cross-functional teams and improving customer satisfaction through streamlined processes. Skills ● Proﬁcient in Microsoft Suite
● Operations and Staff Management
● Excellent Presentation and Communication Skills.
● Strong Analytical, Leadership, and Organizational Abilities
● Expert in Relationship Building and Collaboration Experience Healthtrust Workforce Solution / Logistics Coordinator December 2022- Present, Sunrise FL
● Plan, organize, initiate, and manage training for new nurses.
● Act as liaison for the company, facilities, vendors, employees, and shareholders.
● Scheduling, budgeting, training, and support of the education program.
● Provide excellent customer service.
● Monthly expense reports
Compass Health Systems / Administrative Coordinator November 2021- December 2022, Boynton Beach FL
● Patient account management.
● Act as liaison for patients and providers.
● Maintain patient ﬁles and records according to state and federal regulations. The Wow Factory and Escapology / Operations and General Manager June 2012 - June 2021, Coconut Creek, and Fort Lauderdale FL
● Managed and oversaw daily operations of both venues.
● Exercised strong leadership skills to inspire and guide team members to success.
● Managed resources, staff schedules, budget, and maintenance to ensure proﬁtability.
● Perform proper and timely administration of daily payroll/timekeeping.
● Communicated with the executive management team regarding employee performance, new hire needs, budgeting, and forecasting business needs.
● Identiﬁed opportunities to enhance customer satisfaction and experience.
● Proposed solutions to improve safety and efﬁciencies to reduce department. expenses by 12%.
Education Florida Atlantic University / BBA
August 2016 - May 2020, Boca Raton FL
Professional references available upon request
Contact this candidate