HECTOR TORRES
Minneola, Fl ***** 352-***-**** ad55o6@r.postjobfree.com https://edenjoygallery.com/

SUMMARY
To Whom It May Concern: In the interest of investigating job opportunities I am attaching my resume for throughout my professional career, my experience has ranged from sales manager to sales manager and owner of EdenJoy Gallery Portraits. The positions have all been fast-paced, challenging, broad in scope and have required strong management and strategic planning capability along with tactical decision making. I played a key role in the start-up, turnaround and enormous growth of these operations and have progressed quickly as a result. I am confident that my experience and entrepreneurial insight can be utilized to the advantage of your company and clients as well. I have profitably applied skills in sales and client relations, business development, advertising and promotions, analyzing and implementing business strategies and managing budgets to achieve superior results. This has been rewarded with multiple opportunities and a strong reputation for achieving success. I am bringing to your attention my skills, achievements and ability to excel in multifaceted conditions so that we may discuss a position in your company. I will work hard to achieve results and look forward to discussing how I can contribute to your company future success. I can be reached at the above
e-mail address or phone number. Thank you. Sincerely, Hector Torres

SKILLS

Motivated and goal-oriented professional with cross-functional experience in customer service. Passion and extensive experience on sales and marketing.
Over 40 years as public speaker, speaking and teaching to groups of people and one to one as well. Utilize technical expertise and 33 years experience in theatrical events to communicate publicly and teach.
Able to quickly build rapport with clients, which allows them to be at ease during a sales process so they don't feel fear to buy or buyer's remorse.
Proficient in the use of telephone to capture new clients and book appointments for service sale.
Very proficient on Mac computers, iOS devices and Apple software in general.
COMPUTER SKILLS:
Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, Evernote, Pages, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Lightroom, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Premiere Pro.
Very proficient on Mac computers, iOS devices and Apple software in general.

WORK EXPERIENCE
2007 to 2021 WALT DISNEY WORLD ORLANDO, FL.
Engage in guests attention to produce beautiful pictures they can treasure for years to come
Less than six months in this role I was selected from over 700 photographers to form a group of 10 experienced professional photographers to launch a brand new portrait department to photograph families by appointments that were using Disney's high end resorts
One year in this role I was called to collaborate with Disney Event Group, an elite department that photograph high end weddings and events celebrated in Disney World.
Quality Assurance
After 3 years working in Disney I had the honor of been invited to Quality Assurance Department
One of the main roles I played was moderate all the pictures taken by Disney's photographers in Florida, California, Hawaii and Adventure by Disney travels all around the world

As part of my duties was monitor the camera settings and exposures of each photographer camera and offer constant advise of changes that has to be made to correct wrong settings.

Also suggest strategies to improve photography quality.
1997 to 2013 EDENJOY GALLERY PORTRAITS North Bergen, New Jersey and Minneola, Florida.
Studio photography, marketing, mailing marketing campaigns, portrait exhibits,
sales presentation and customer service.
Established and developed a successful photography business specializing in wedding photography, family portraits, prenatal and babies portraits
1986 to 2004 Sales Manager
OMEGA PLUS EXTERMINATING North Bergen, New Jersey
Promoted to manage and oversee existing sales contracts.
Negotiated new contracts and contract renewals.
Advertising and marketing.
Provided educational outreach to all sales personnel and service technicians concerning effective sales techniques.
Diplomatically and effectively resolve any client requests and grievances through follow-up visits.
2002 Sales Manager/Owner

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

2004
Masters degree: Photography

MONTE, DIGITAL RESOURCES Sarasota, Florida

PHOTOGRAPHIC EDUCATION
Personally instructed and mentored for eleven years
by Monte Zucker (honored by United Nations in 2000
as the best photographer in the world in wedding and
family portraiture) one of the most successful
photographers in the world, and internationally
trained for outdoor and architectural photography.

2001
Bachelors degree: Marketing

CREATIVITY INTERNATIONAL Grand Rapids, Michigan

1990

1987

1986

LANGUAGES
DALE CARNEGIE SALES COURSE

Certificate in Sales/Marketing Strategies
Parsippany, New Jersey

NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF PHOTOGRAPHY
Associates degree: Applied Science
New York, New York
Formally trained and graduated with a photographic science degree

COMPUTER BUSINESS SCHOOL
Coursework in data entry and word processing
Paramus, New Jersey

Excellent written, oral and interpersonal communication skills in English, Spanish and reading Portuguese
Contact this candidate