Jacob Mabry
Location: McMinnville, OR ***** Email: ad56ww@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 503-***-****
SUMMARY
Account Manager with 14+ years of experience defining and executing innovative sales strategies to drive client acquisition, retention, and expansion at scale. Customer-centric Sales Leader focused on working with senior stakeholders to secure new clients, streamline sales processes, increase market share, and drive revenue growth. SKILLS
● Business Development: Solutions Selling, Value Proposition, Sales Analytics, Forecasting, Contract Negotiations, Account Expansion, Client Success, Customer Relations, CRM Management, Customer Insights, Sales Operations, Pipeline Development, Strategic Prospecting, Lead Qualification & Discovery, Customer Funnel Optimization
● Leadership: Strategic Planning & Execution, Program Development, Project Management, Process Improvement, Change Management, Cross-functional Collaboration, Stakeholder Engagement, Interdepartmental Alignment, Budgeting & Resource Allocation, Executive Reporting
● Technology: Salesforce, Zoho CRM, Microsoft Office, Dynamics 365 EDUCATION
● Bachelor of Science in Business, Oregon State University (Expected March 2025)
● Associate Degree, Chemeketa Community College
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Account Manager, WineShipping LLC June 2017 - January 2024
● Identified, secured, and maintained long-lasting client relationships to grow existing business and acquire new clients for the fastest, most accurate, and most cost-efficient wine delivery network in the United States.
● Managed and grew a portfolio of 300+ nationwide Winery accounts for clients including Splash Wines, Naked Wines, Lion Nathan, Argyle Winery, Beaux Freres Winery, and Antica Terra to meet DTC, Wholesale, and Wine Storage needs.
● Successfully secured 12 new accounts and contract renewals on current brands within the enterprise to grow revenue by
$14MM based on actual inventory brought in and volume shipped in 2023.
● Worked in partnership with sales executives to successfully onboard prospective clients by conducting warm calls, engaging in social networking events, and working with CEOs and investment partners to streamline onboarding processes.
● Collaborated with internal departments and directly with client executives to build a better understanding of client needs and expectations across all required business processes, maximize client satisfaction, and streamline business operations.
● Maximized partnership potential by integrating client platforms and systems directly with WinShipping via APIs, constantly providing training and resources to improve the customer experience, and capitalizing on cross-selling opportunities.
● Built out and provided quarterly business reviews on shipments, revenue, charges, and new services for top-tier clients.
● Oversaw all aspects of customer relations from initial meetings to daily communications via phone, email, and face-to-face. Customer Service Supervisor, Express Employment Professionals (Oregon Wine Services & Storage) June 2016 - May 2017
● Built and strengthened relationships with CRM technology and products, to service winery partners throughout the club shipping process.
● Exceeded sales goals and deadlines by an average of 2 weeks per project.
● Partnered with 2 Field Account Executives to build and lead demo presentations to current and prospective clients in Oregon.
● Strategically prospect for new business opportunities while expanding existing accounts by serving as a trusted advisor to senior customer stakeholders to exceed customer expectations.
Contact this candidate