STEPHANIE NORIEGA
https://www.linkedin.com/in/stephanieanoriega/
ad5a0r@r.postjobfree.com
813-***-****
Skills Summary
Professional Client Relations Manager with more than 18 years’ experience focused in the Insurance and Legal field. Core skills focused around research, multi-level professional development programs and negotiations. Education
University of South Florida
Bachelor of Arts, Communication/2002
Experience
Galloway, Johnson, Tompkins, Burr & Smith
Client Relations Manager 2023-present
Promoted from Business Development Specialist to Client Relations Manager within a year of last promotion. Manage and mentor team, as assigned, and oversees personnel issues, workload, and professional development of team. Serve as a role model, exhibiting the highest professional standards for internal and external client service. Lead interviewing, hiring and training of new team members. Support and advise in the development and implementation of a client- centric, action-oriented client relationship development plan that pursues strategic priorities, identifies service opportunities, enhances diversity, equity, and inclusion, and fosters a trusted-advisor relationship. Manage reporting on clients’ diversity and inclusion requirements and programs. Identify opportunities to bring value-added services to clients. Coordinate with pricing team to provide detailed RFP input for plans and budgets related to prospective new matters. Develop and provide regular client relationship reporting focused on key metrics, strategic actions, impact, client satisfaction, etc. for both firm leadership and the client team. Ensure accurate and appropriate client relationship, experience and contact information is maintained in firm systems. Business Development Specialist, Coordinator/ 2020-2023 Promoted from Business Development Coordinator to Specialist within the first 18 months at the firm. Lead firmwide research efforts to maintain current client satisfaction, develop plans to grow our books of business with current and prospective clients and identify opportunities in which the firm could profit. While identifying the growth, also lead in identifying clients with little to no ROI.
Compile firmwide research for RFP/Proposals/Capability Statements and client development requests/pitches. Collaborate with the Business Development team on multiple events year-round including 2 large claims conferences, numerous webinars, the annual Associate Retreat and Shareholder Meeting and quarterly ACC events sponsored by the firm. Create and lead presentations for development building and training to attorneys and staff firmwide. Lead the successful user training on the firm’s CRM. Mercury Insurance Group
Litigation Specialist/ 2017-2020
Promoted from Claims Specialist II to Litigation Specialist within 8 months at the company. Handled attorney represented claims from inception through trial and, if necessary, through Fees and Costs hearings and appeals. Prepared detailed case evaluations, authority requests, responses to time sensitive demands, reservation of rights letters, denials, and many others requiring knowledge of statues and Florida law. Participated in mediations and attorney led depositions. Negotiated and settled cases from $10k to $1 million in exposure, including fatalities and high exposure injuries. Mentored inexperienced adjusters.
Several Defense Verdicts resulting from detailed investigations. Monitored accruing legal expenses, directed defense counsel to submit timely reports and resolve when economically practical. Andrews & Manno
Litigation Paralegal/ 2016-2017
Drafted legal documents including correspondence, pleadings, interrogatories, subpoenas, affidavits, motions, discovery, request for documents, initial disclosures, rule 6.4 letters, and conflict letters. Reviewed and prepared summaries of medical records, interrogatories, deposition transcripts, and examinations under oath. Handled heavy case load and assisted with all aspects of the litigation lifecycle from inception through appeals. Filed both traditional and e-filing time sensitive documents with state and federal courts throughout Florida. Assisted with trial preparation: managed trial exhibits, prepared trial notebooks, maintained expert binders, and communicated with experts.
Scheduled depositions, meetings, examinations under oath and mediations. Conducted legal research.
Licenses
520 All Lines Adjuster, Florida
Skills
Research & Development, Negotiations, Public Speaking, MS Office Suite, Interaction CRM, Netdocs, Orion, Monitor Suite, Leadership
Contact this candidate