Gordon J Baker, GSP
518-***-****
**B Idared Lane
Clifton Park N.Y. 12065

Executive Summary:
Hands-on Construction Manager/Site Lead/Sr. PM/ Safety Professional with 25 years working knowledge of enforcing Safety rules and regulations in the workplace, including, Construction and Industry/ Manufacturing/Railroad/Transmission/Distribution/DOT/EPA at all levels of government (federal, state, and local), managing, planning, developing and coordinating the safety and occupational health component of personnel, materials, equipment, and environments to achieve safety effectiveness for companies. Business development across the Globe to reach new potential clients and projects. Team leader with strong management skills and a person-to-person approach, keeping the moral high, and developing new relationships. Continuously drive mission critical, LEAN construction, and change management.

December 2021 – December 2023 Armorsafe – (contract to KBR and AMC Construction)
Projects Leader / Sr. Construction Manager / General Contractor Lead (Albany N.Y.)

Responsible for project setup and subcontracting strategy, shop drawing review and processing, contract changes, owner/architect/engineer daily relations, subcontractor relations, and all required owner and in-house reporting.
Run and manage projects of $7 to $50 million.
Day to day contact and communication with clients, customers, subcontractors, and project team members.
Having leadership responsibly for all phase of planning and execution on small and mid-sized projects from the FEL start to the acceptance end, including safety management.
Managing projects of all field activities, subcontractor direction. Bid and award process, reviewing and writing project scopes of work. Managing cost and budget on projects. Understanding RFI’s. Change orders, budget, estimates. Data entry, purchase order entry, daily reports, monthly reports on cost and status. Labor repots and cost control.
Working with a client that has a high demand on quality/safety/process/accountability.
Working with and interface between engineering group and business team.
Lead PM with staff of 4 PM’s and 11 Superintendents

November 2017 – Present World Wide Professional Solutions
Global Director of EHS Operations - US Business Development Manager (Clifton Park, N.Y.)
Lead and manage all Safety Managers (Staff) across America
Lead Safety management for Globalfoundries tool install and PLS construction
Lead Safety management at Momentive chemical facility
Manage all sub-contractor, and facility Safety managers (27 currently)
Lead and support the safety team for all construction and manufacturing operations
Manage Global EHS budget for all US sites
Lead the Business Development team for new opportunities across the Globe
Diversify our company by landing new clients from all different industries and multiple markets
Meet with potential clients and develop relationships
Develop proposals and submit potential candidates for top management positions
Lead the development and implementation of the HSE Annual Operating Plans and HSE Action Plans
Develop and track all leading, and lagging indicators
Implement SOP’s and processes and procedures and assist worldwide
Achieve annual targets rates for Lost Time, Recordable, Severity, Collision, and Environmental
Train all management according to site specific needs, state, federal, and global
Assist all top management and leadership teams to ensure safety is number one on all sites
Implement Change Management

October 2016 – November 2017 Pepsico
HSE Manager-New York - East (Latham, NY)
Implement, execute, ensure compliance with the Pepsi - North American Beverages HSE policies and procedures, and all federal, state, and local OSHA/EPA/DOT regulations (i.e. Lockout, Haz Com, Machine Safety, SARA, RCRA, DOT, etc.)
Manage local HSE budget
Lead the development and implementation of the HSE Annual Operating Plans and HSE Action Plans for the Market Unit
Achieve annual targets rates for Lost Time, Recordable, Severity, Collision, and Environmental
Ensure compliance with applicable occupational safety and motor vehicle regulations
Develop, implement, execute, and manage strategies to prevent workplace injuries, environmental incidents, and vehicle accidents
Demonstrate solid employee relations experience, interpersonal and verbal/written communication skills
Display strong problem solving, organizational and analytical skills
Demonstrate professional maturity and ability to act as a change leader by influencing all levels of the organization to drive continuous improvement in safety performance
Conduct HSE activities such as training/auditing/assessing to ensure ongoing compliance with regulatory agency requirements, Zero Zone Management System standards, and internal PepsiCo HSE procedures
Perform risk assessments and assist in the implementation of effective physical and/ or behavioral control measures. Recognize and verify the effectiveness of in-place control measures
Identify unsafe equipment operation and conditions while demonstrating knowledge of appropriate corrective action for unsafe conditions or equipment use
Complete driver qualification work in First Advantage and First Lab (or like 3rd party DOT vendors)
Understand and assist in the deployment of NAB’s TEST DRIVE training program
Exercise a leadership, coordination, and communication role with the location leadership to drive continuous HSE improvement across the location
Complete root cause analyses and develop corrective action plans to address root basic causes and management system weak-spots through the use of industry-recognized cause analysis techniques (5-Why, 8-D, etc.)

July 2015 – September 2016 Arcadis (Contract)
Senior Site Safety Manager LafargeHolcim (Ravena, NY)
Ensuring the implementation of the LafargeHolcim H&S Standards,
Manage 30 contractor safety managers to ensure that they are in compliance, for the 700 million dollar project, in all areas of environmental health and safety
Take the lead role in all incident investigation processes with contractors as well in the RCA process.
Ensure that corrective actions are implemented in a timely manner and effective for the scope of work,
Demonstrating visible commitment to the Lafarge’s Corporate Safety Standards,
Contributing to, and advising on, the Lafarge’s Standards implementation, maintenance, and continuous improvement requirements,
Leading, developing, implementing, maintaining, and improving a comprehensive documented H&S plan, in accordance with the Lafarge’s H&S Standards, for the this location specifically, and ensuring H&S plans are in place,
Reporting on the performance of the project H&S plan, and the Lafarge’s H&S Standards to Senior management for review and as a basis for improvement of the project H&S management plan,
Driving continuous improvement in H&S performance,
Contributing to the development of compliance standards and other relevant requirements that have the potential to affect Lafarge’s business through industry groups,
Demonstrate leadership and be actively involved in incident/hazard reporting, investigation and management as required by the Lafarge’s H&S Standards,
Identifying, and implementing plans for the H&S risks in specific areas of responsibility,
Establishing and maintaining systems to identify and ensure compliance with all applicable H&S related laws, regulations, licenses, permits and other requirements (codes, standards etc.) within this location, and,
Ensure all crane activity onsite is coordinated with all contractors, and proper paper work is in order, and completed. Also, conduct weekly (random) crane inspections along with the Safety Coordinator.

June 2010 – July 2015 GlobalFoundries Projects Malta, NY 5-year Construction Project ended
Environmental Health & Safety Manager Global Foundries M+W Group July 2014-July 2015
Coordinate safety activities of unit managers to ensure implementation of safety activities throughout the organization
Ensure compliance with all environmental compliance
Examine job plans and specifications to determine if all safety precautions have been included.
Tour work areas to inspect fire and safety equipment, machinery, and facilities to identify and correct potential hazards and ensure compliance with safety and environmental regulations
Maintain (via the client) liaison with outside organizations, such as fire departments, mutual aid societies, and rescue teams to ensure information exchange and mutual assistance.
Determine requirements for personal protective equipment (PPE) and safety devices. Comply, analyze, and interpret statistical data related to exposure factors concerning occupational illnesses and accidents and prepare reports for information of personnel concerned
Conduct or coordinate safety and first aid training to educate workers about safety policies, laws, and practices.
Investigate accidents to minimize recurrence and prepare accident and incident reports
Conduct air quality tests for presence of harmful gases and vapors
Responsible for assuring contractors, subcontractors and suppliers are in project compliance.
Actively participate in and provide leadership and technical support to the Construction Emergency Response Team.
Provide EHS training as required
Other duties as assigned

Senior Branch Safety Engineer Manager Globalfoundries Performance Contracting July 2014-July 2015
Manage safety and training for company at all northeast work locations
Give new hire orientations multiple times per week
Conduct daily field safety audits and direct a safety team of three employees on project
Manage safety for three different general contractors on site
Enforce OSHA 1926, and 1910 laws and regulations
Hold monthly foreman’s training sessions
Hold weekly job site safety meetings for all crews
Ensure recordkeeping on all safety related items
Attend all General Contractor’s meetings and meet any deadlines for safety issues
Conduct investigations and follow through on all incidents
Record all near misses and use a pro-active approach to eliminate any future deficiencies
Liaison between General Contractor’s and our company

Safety Director East Coast U.S. Region Global Foundries Dynamic Systems, Inc. Nov 2011-June 2013
Manage all East Coast Safety Operations and Training for mechanical company.
Assist and coach all Safety Managers, Project Managers, and Superintendents on JHA’s and Safety laws.
Daily, Weekly, and Monthly reports for all job locations including – (IBM) Fishkill N.Y – (SUNY Nano Tech) Albany, N.Y. – (Globalfoundries) Malta, N.Y. – (Disney Data Center) Kings Mountain, N.C. and (Genzyme) Framingham MA.

Safety Manager / Consultant Globalfoundries Capital Safety Services May 2011-Nov 2011
Safety Manager for various projects at a semiconductor construction plant for client GLOBALFOUNDRIES.
Ensure that the Safety program is implemented and enforced on project.
Report all safety deficiencies and findings to the GC for correction.
Generate daily reports and weekly metrics and safety analysis.
Conduct morning safety huddles for all crews / contractors.
Verify that all Task Hazard Analysis (T.H.A.'s) are reviewed and accurate.
Enforce disciplinary action when necessary.
Conduct monthly safety committee meetings.
Conduct monthly safety rep. meetings for all contractors.
Document and track all safety goals and accident / incident reports.
Complete follow-ups as needed.
Investigate to determine root causes and contributing factors for accidents / incidents.
Liaise between the GC and the owner on matters pertaining to safety.
Manage overall site safety as a whole.

Safety Manager Globalfoundries AM Contracting/Semiconductor Facility Jan 2010-May 2011
Safety Management / Consultant / for mechanical and electrical contractors and engineering groups. Also drywall and carpenters.
Ensure the safety of all employees onsite through all phases of construction.
Coach Foreman and employees on pre-task plans (PTP’s) for all crews everyday
Give proper safety training/orientation and audit jobsite on a daily basis.
Root cause Analysis and Risk management
Accident investigations
Complete all safety detail as needed for jobsite.

2006-2010 Railworks Inc.
Construction Project Manager / Regional Director of Safety-Corporate (Chicago IL, Indianapolis IN, St. Louis MO, New York NY, Cleveland OH, Albany NY)
Ensured proper documentation was completed and submitted to management personnel for quality assurance and recordkeeping.
Travelled extensively and covered EHS for four business units throughout the East Coast and Mid-West U.S. The areas include Chicago, St. Louis, Indianapolis, and Cleveland.
Implemented new hire training and conduct safety audits on over 53 projects.
Wrote new safety programs for new jobsites as needed.
Managed all worker’s compensation and disability claims.
Provided knowledge and acted as a safety resource for all locations.
Trained all employees on Defensive driving, OSHA 40 hour, Roadway worker training.
Provided resources for fall protection training and other various safety areas for bridge construction and steel erection.
Documented and implemented corrections for all deficiencies found on jobsites.
Provided leadership for all supervisors and management staff and gave all employees annual safety training per OSHA/MSHA and FRA regulations.

2003-2005 Sysco Food Service (Halfmoon, NY)
Safety Manager
Handled all OSHA and DOT regulations for the warehouse employees
Handled all OSHA and DOT regulations for transportation employees
Kept up to date records of training on all employees (trained as needed)
Handled workers compensation and disability paperwork
Oriented new hires in transportation and warehouse to prepare them for their job
Completed all accident investigations with follow up and close reports
Kept the OSHA 300 log up to date with all new recordable
Risk management – held pre-shift safety meetings for transportation and warehouse employees
Created new safety programs and procedures
Trained all supervisors and managers to implement safety programs

2002-2003 Concord Pools (Latham, NY)
Safety Manager/Construction Manager
Coordinated multiple construction jobs with foreman and superintendents
Performed on site safety inspections and made sure compliance issues were resolved
Assisted the project manager with cost and material estimates and the overall design of specified projects
Managed and coordinated each crew with specific job descriptions and implemented all deficiencies found

199*-****-*** Networks/Ledcor (Albany, NY) Fiberoptics, went bankrupt/1800 people laid-off
Regional Director of Safety / U.S.
Assisted Project Manager with all duties of estimating and crew management.
Assisted line management on the administration of the project Health Safety & Environmental (HS&E) program
Ensured all HS&E and FRA policies, posters, rules and regulations are posted on all projects
Assisted the project line management staff in risk assessment
Assisted the project line management staff for investigations, analysis and completion of accident/incident reports and summaries
Conducted project specific orientation sessions with new employees including contractors as well as visitors
Ensure that all HS&E reports and meeting minutes are filed, and copies sent to the appropriate personnel
Ensured that a maintenance program for tools and equipment is implemented, communicated and project compliance with the standard is attained
Accompanied Government HS&E Inspectors during inspections and to ensure that corrections necessary to comply with legislation are taken
Assisted in equipment inspections, preparing reports and following up on any noted deficiencies
Conducted formal (documented) project inspections weekly or when scope of work changes
Lead training seminars as required
Reported any conditions that did not meet regulatory, corporate or best management practices requirements to line management and manager
Ensured that project specific emergency response planning was completed, documented and communicated to everyone on the project
Stayed current with the company HS&E program, safety equipment and regulations
Review with line management staff accident reports and maintaining monthly statistics to identify trends
Demonstrated a sincere HS&E leadership attitude to all project personnel
Ensured that all controlled products supplied to the company are accompanied by a corresponding Material Safety Data Sheet (M.S.D.S) and other documentation as required by local government regulations
Created and implemented new safety procedures and programs
Gave training in all areas of the FRA as needed

Education
2017-2019 Columbia Southern University (3.95 GPA) (GSP – January 2020)
B.S. Occupational Health and Safety
2014-2016 Columbia Southern University
Associates (Occupational Safety and Health Management)
1996-1999 Kennedy Western University
Safety Engineering (Course Work towards B.S. degree)
1994-1998 SW&B Construction Ticonderoga, NY
4-year apprenticeship with pipefitting and iron work- became a journeyman in both trades

• TWIC security clearance
• HAZMAT trained
• 40 Hour Hazwoper
• Member of American Society of Safety Engineers
• OSHA 500 Outreach Trainer
• OSHA 502 Trainer Updated 2014
• OSHA 510 Certified
• OSHA 7500 Introduction to Safety and Health Management
• OSHA 7505 Accident Investigation
• OSHA 2225 Respiratory Protection
• OSHA 3110 Fall Arrest Systems
• OSHA Scaffold Training
• OSHA Crane Safety
• OSHA 3010 Excavation, Trenching, and Soil Mechanics
• OSHA 2264 Confined Space Entry
• OSHA 3095 Electrical Safety
• OSHA 7845 Recordkeeping
• Defensive Driving Trainer U.S.
• Indoor Air Quality control training
• CPR/First Aid/ AED Trained
• Federal Railroad Trainer (FRA) all U.S. Railroads
• ATTSA Certified Traffic Control Trainer / Flagger Trainer and Traffic Device set up
• NFPA70E Electrical Safety Training
• Qualified in testing procedures of air/water/soil contaminants
• Forklift/ Scissor Lift/ Man Lift Safety Train the Trainer
• Lockout/Tagout Training
• Responsible for ensuring the safety of large commercial and institutional projects
• Industrial Safety
• Federal DOT Trained
• Industrial Hygiene Training
• Line Management Training
• Ergonomics Training
• Environmental Compliance Training
• Strong computer skills – Microsoft Office / Excel / PowerPoint / Word / Spread Sheets

Professional Registrations:
GSP
Professional Associations:
-American Society of Safety Engineers member
-Board of Certified Safety Professionals member
-National Fire Protection Agency member
-ANSI member
-National Society of Leadership and Success Member

Specialized Training:
25 years of experience as an Environmental Health & Safety Manager and Construction Manager (15 years Corporate level) in Semiconductor / Construction / Railroad and Industrial / Manufacturing settings / MSHA sites (OSHA 1926, OSHA 1910, MSHA, FRA)
Extensive experience in Semiconductor, Clean Rooms, Chemical Plants, Pharmaceutical, Refineries, Warehouses, Paper Mills, Bridge Construction, Heavy Highway, Nuclear Plants, Transmission, Distribution, and large commercial projects
Sound knowledge of Federal, State and local safety regulations and procedures
Coordinating, administering, and implementing, comprehensive training programs
Responding to accidents to investigate and evaluate best practices, ensuring compliance with OSHA/MSHA safety standards

Professional References upon request:
Contact this candidate