WILLIAM E. WIXTED
Blue Bell, PA
ad5f94@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/william-wixted-scientist

PROJECT MANAGER
Adaptable, results-driven and efficient professional with extensive experience in drug development efforts, including developing in vitro and ex vivo models, and the coordination of domestic and international collaborations. Diverse academic background in science, liberal arts, and business that provides unique communication and problem-solving skills in a matrix environment. Cultivated key relationships with various professionals in the pharmaceutical, biotech, and medical device industries. Proactive mentor and manager of students and early career scientists and strong public speaker and presenter who leads high level engagements and key decision-making for teams.

KEY SKILLS
Scientific Writing Research Drug Development Assay Design Target Validation Microsoft Office GraphPad Prism CRO Collaborations Pharmacology Biomarkers Drug Discovery Molecular Biology Life Sciences Project Management

LABORATORY SKILLS
Cell Culture Aseptic Technique Cell Lines Primary Cells Human Inducible Pluripotent Stem Cells (iPSC) Immune Cell Assays Human Whole Blood Ex Vivo Animal Tissue Assays Biochemical Assays Fluorescence FLIPR MSD Luminescence Gel Electrophoresis Western Immunoblotting PCR RT-qPCR ELISA siRNA Transfection MOA Studies Operetta Seahorse Hypoxia Chamber

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

GSK Collegeville, PA April 2019 – March 2024
SENIOR SCIENTIST, NOVEL HUMAN GENETICS
Contributed to GSK’s R&D drug development projects, including cross-functional global matrix teams.
Spearheaded multiple research projects, leading to successful target validation and acceptance of preclinical assets for first time-in-human trials, instrumental in driving drug development and regulatory approval processes.
Career achievements are highlighted by 13 recognition awards, including one for exceptional science.
Demonstrated hands-on laboratory experience involving DNA, RNA, and protein from cellular or ex vivo assays.
Led external collaborations to progress projects, including contracts, budgets, logistics, tracking, compliance, and storage of compounds, animal, and human samples.
Collaborated collectively with other stakeholders to produce 10 high-quality published research articles and 5 abstracts presented at external conferences.
Communicated results at group, department, or program meetings to impact program timelines.
Directed sample and data management efforts, including data integrity and electronic data storage.
Assessed mechanism of action for a $40M in-licensed compound for psoriasis, FDA-approved.
Evaluated an anti-sense oligonucleotide for cytoprotection, data was part of a patent and a publication.
Organized biology efforts and worked as co-lead author for a publication for the Journal of Medicinal Chemistry.
Collaborated with colleagues for a “Sharing the Science” Poster Session for more than 50 scientists across GSK.
Led efforts to organize a Team Build for the Stress and Repair DPU.
Volunteered as an on-site Emergency Coordinator.

GlaxoSmithKline King of Prussia September 2005 - April 2019
SENIOR SCIENTIST, STRESS AND REPAIR DISCOVERY PERFORMANCE UNIT, RESPIRATORY TAU

William E. Wixted ad5f94@r.postjobfree.com Page Two

EDUCATION

Project Manager Professional Training- 35 Hours Completed
Project Management Institute Newtown Square, PA

Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)
Villanova University Villanova, PA

Certificate, Master of Science (M.S.) in Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
Temple University School of Pharmacy Fort Washington, PA

Master of Science (M.S.) in Pharmacology
Thomas Jefferson University Philadelphia, PA

Post-Baccalaureate Pre-Health Program
The University of Pennsylvania Philadelphia, PA

Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) in Communications
Rutgers University New Brunswick, NJ

AWARDS

Assessed biology of a competitor compound with urgency.
Delivered critical results as part of a Hit-to-Lead team, screening hundreds of compounds on two lead series in 5 months, ultimately leading to the discovery of the active moiety in FDA-approved Anoro, Incruse and Trelegy.
High quality work leading to candidate selection with a novel compound for a key program.
Recognition for training and supervising in the visiting student program.
For the first positive consistent data on a program’s lead compound which was part of a patent.
Volunteering time to plan and deliver a successful “Team Build” for the department.
Recognition for efforts in a high-quality large RNA sequencing project for a program that differentiated GSK’s compound from other exemplars.
Exceptional Science Award- for developing an assay to determine compound activity based on exposure and relevant protein concentrations, streamlining lead compound selection and ranking process.
Supporting compound progression through cell-based profiling, leading to a data-driven project decision.
For contributions towards achieving the Commit-to-First Dose in Humans milestone for a program.
Contact this candidate