CS
CHRIS SURAWSKI
ad5gci@r.postjobfree.com 832-***-**** Spring, TX 77386
Business Development Manager/ Sales Engineer/Experienced Account Manager within the Oil & Gas industry with ability to manage a portfolio of key accounts, and eager to generate new business through referrals and maintaining good relationships with clients
Verbal and Written Communication
Business Intelligence and Analysis
Project Management
Relationship Building and Rapport
Product Demonstrations
Salesforce Management
Territory Management
CRM Platforms
Customer Service
Advanced Polymerics, Inc Houston, TX
Business Development Manager
05/2022 - 03/2023
Provide support for brand new coating technology called Permacorr Meet with end users/ engineering ﬁrms to get on speciﬁcation Determined business development opportunities and implemented eﬀective strategy for client acquisition.
Identiﬁed new customers through pipelining, pre-qualiﬁcation and territory analysis and management.
Technical Coatings Services, Inc Houston,
TX
Regional Sales Manager
12/2018 - 05/2022
Independent sales rep for Tnemec industrial coatings, Jotachar ﬁreprooﬁng, Green Diamond blast abrasives, and Lewco Supermat hydrophobic Insulation.
Prospected, identiﬁed and cultivated relationships with contacts to promote product lines and solutions.
Support applicators with product knowledge before presenting to clients. Provide ﬁeld support for ongoing projects.
Mascoat Houston, TX
Territory Manager
12/2016 - 11/2018
Business Development for thermal insulated coatings in the Texas/Oklahoma/ Arkansas region.
Support distributors with technical direction and help achieve sales goals. Gave presentations on Mascoat technology to midstream/ downstream end users on product capabilities.
Provide training for approved applicators.
Burckhardt Compression, USA Houston,
TX
Aftermarket Sales Engineer
04/2013 - 11/2016
Tailor to aftermarket sales of Burckhardt Compressors, providing Parts, Field Service, Revamps, and Valve Repair
Manage a 2 million dollar territory, ranging from Midwest /west coast/ Houston Ship Channel, creating solid relationships with customers Provide complete scheduling for major overhauls, overseeing the entire project, and working with customers to create a productive shutdown Awarded top salesman for 2013 & 2015 for highest sales Summary
Skills
Experience
NEAC Compressor Service USA Katy, TX
National Account Manager- Aftermarket
09/2009 - 04/2013
Successfully managed a 4 million dollar territory in Northeast US, and east Canada as OEM for multiple gas reciprocating compressors Assist inside sales with quoting
Develop and maintain relationships with the engineering/ maintenance team
Awarded top salesman for 2010, 2012 for highest gross sales Increased sales 10-15% annually by growing territory and market share through eﬀective cross-selling tactics.
Marinemax Houston, TX
Inside Sales Representative
01/2005 - 02/2009
Completed sales for multiple lines of boats
Southeast BAJA marketing representative
8 Million in total sales
Responded to customer inquiries quickly and professionally to maintain customer satisfaction.
Sam Houston State University Huntsville, TX
Some College (No Degree) in Business Administration NACE Coatings Inspector Level 1 (CIP)
HUET-METS Model 5 (Helicopter Underwater Egress Training) RigPass/ SafeGulf
TWIC Card
Education and Training
Certiﬁcations
Contact this candidate