Chetan Sapkal
Project Manager Profile
ad5hpz@r.postjobfree.com • 617-***-****
LinkedIn • Boston, MA 02121
Results-driven and accomplished professional with substantial experience in leading high-impact marketing projects aimed at elevating brand recognition, expanding client base, and cultivating strategic relationships as well as driving revenue and business growth. Expert at directing, training, and mentoring cross-functional teams to maximize project outcomes and progress rates, while ensuring delivery within time, scope, and budgetary constraints.
Areas of Expertise
Marketing Project Management
Market Research & Penetration
Client Acquisition & Retention
Team Training & Leadership
Sales & Revenue Growth
Strategic Relationship Building
Strategic Change Management
Business Analytics & Intelligence
Business Development
Portfolio Management
New Product Introduction
Risk Assessment & Mitigation
Professional Experience
SHRIRAM General Insurance Co. Ltd., Pune, India 04/2018 – 08/2022
Management Trainee, Marketing Project Associate
Led cross-functional teams (marketing, underwriting, claims, accounts, support) of 70 members across 10 diverse locations within Maharashtra, India, while collaborating with Regional Manager to drive business growth. Evaluated cost and risk factors, while authorizing quotations and adjudicating insurance cases and claims to meet ethical business standards. Collaborated with top-tier management to strategize and execute large-scale marketing projects for maximizing brand recognition.
●Drove 20% revenue growth by spearheading five new product launch projects and optimizing progress rates.
●Fostered seamless communication channels across all hierarchical levels—from C-level executives to intermediary stakeholders, such as financial advisors, dealers, financiers, and Banca—nurturing transparency and accountability.
●Enhanced 30% team performance by analyzing reports generated through MS Excel and PowerPoint, delivering data-driven insights, enabling teams to monitor accomplishments against targets, and maintaining updated database.
●Optimized efficacy of CRM tool by implementing cutting-edge renewals management system and leveraging DBMS technology, resulting in business renewal rate of 50%.
TATA AIA Life Insurance Co. Ltd., Pune, India 08/2017 – 04/2018
Assistant Relationship Manager
Created and delivered compelling client presentations to ensure seamless content flow and maximize satisfaction rates. Teamed up with product specialists, conducting thorough market analyses, and improving marketing strategies to boost overall performance. Recommended client-centric life insurance solutions and investment products to meet clients' evolving needs and objectives.
●Surpassed monthly sales targets for insurance products, driving team progress and organizational success.
●Evaluated risk factors and client needs to optimize solutions, doubling service efficiency organization wide.
●Cultivated strong relationships with stakeholders, fostering successful retention and acquisition of new business partners.
●Leveraged market research and statistical analysis tools to track industry trends, resulting in a 40% reduction in marketing expenditure, ensuring integrity of sensitive data, and optimizing revenue streams.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Co. Ltd., Pune, India 05/2016 – 07/2016
Business Development Manager, Intern
Supported in creating and executing strategic business development plans to achieve sales targets and objectives. Coordinated with cross-functional teams including sales, marketing, and product development to develop tailored solutions for clients. Conducted market research and analysis to identify potential clients and market trends, and present findings to the team.
●Exceeded 100% sales targets through strategic prospecting, lead generation, and client acquisition methods.
●Enhanced 30% revenue streams through initiatives diversifying product offerings to cater to varied client needs.
●Introduced market penetration strategies, resulting in 20% increase in business growth, market share, and geographic reach.
●Expanded client base for both B2B and B2C sales through cultivating relationships with high-net-worth individuals, businesses, and institutional clients.
Education
Master of Science in Project Management, Northeastern University, Boston, MA 2022 – 2024
Master of Business Administration, Marketing Management, Savitribai Phule Pune University, Pune, India 2015 – 2017
Bachelor of Commerce in Financial Accounting & Auditing, Mumbai, India 2012 – 2015
Academic Project
Project Business Analysis/Benefits Management, Project of Establishing Massage Chair System in The Gym 2023
●Identified and addressed business challenges for Boston gym, resulting in optimizing operational efficiency.
●Conducted thorough needs assessment, market research, and data/benefits analysis to deliver impactful solutions.
Risk Management, Pacific Seafood Group, Introducing Keta Salmon 2023
●Generated comprehensive Risk Management Plan for the Keta Salmon project, novel offering within seafood industry.
●Evaluated project progress identifying, and addressed potential risks and advantages associated with market introduction.
Scope Management/Requirements Management, Colin Co., New Product Development, Bristol Garment Steamer 2023
●Led high-impact project to innovate Garment Steamer, employing MSCW technique for precise requirement gathering.
●Defined project scope, implementing Requirements and Change Management plans to mitigate inconsistencies in steam output.
Technical Proficiencies
MS Office 365 MS Project MS Excel Jira Trello Tableau Power Apps Google Suite CRM Minitab Vizio
Languages
English, Fluent Hindi, Fluent Marathi, Native
Contact this candidate