JESSICA WATSON
682-***-**** ad5hju@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/JessicaWatson
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Thrives in challenging and stressful roles, adapting seamlessly to new and fluctuating environments.
Proven leader, constantly seeking innovative ways to improve project delivery and efficiency.
Consistently regarded as a driving force for compliance, continuity, and a key contributor to overall client satisfaction.
Exhibit excellent customer relations skills, focused on productivity and successful outcomes.
Self-starter with an eagerness to continue strengthening capabilities and knowledge.
Practice a team-focused managerial approach, utilizing positive motivation methods to produce productive work environments.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Project Manager Quebec, Canada 2023-Present
Mavacon LLC
Assist with negotiations, scope of work, change orders, submittals and RFI’s.
Help manage construction drawings, specifications, and related documents.
Maintain complete and accurate contract files and organization of all contract budgets, change orders and certificates of insurance.
Take a leadership role in material expediting and tracking.
Aid in the management of subcontractors and other team members
In coordination with internal departments, archive closeout project files electronically, by fiscal year.
Build strong client/owner relationships and support business development efforts. Project Manager // Northlake, Texas 2022-2023
Oldcastle Infrastructure
Manage existing accounts and developed successful relationships with customers.
Maintain multiple sales orders concurrently.
Ensure all needed information and paperwork are complete, scope of work is clear and begin the process of scheduling the project with production.
Keep the customer up to date with project status from production schedule to delivery.
Provide direction and oversight to all aspects of the project team-engineering, production, planning, transportation, procurement, and accounting.
Prepare all applicable change order proposals in a timely manner.
Coordinate site visits and work with the customer to ensure that all issues that arise from point of sale to completion of the project are resolved promptly.
Submit any required submittals and approvals with the customer.
Review take-offs from customer provided drawings. Manufacturing Sales Manager // Fort Worth, Texas 2020 – 2022 Structural + Steel Products
Demonstrate excellent intrapersonal relationships with inside sales associates and support personnel, collaborating on many efforts – including training and development.
Consult with customers on takeoffs, project design, and project management efforts.
Create and manage ongoing sales forecasts and sales plans in an effort to evaluate market conditions and changes in territory, ensuring maximized growth.
Work closely with internal department heads to ensure consistency on project specifications, information, and individual requirements.
Develop customer pricing and applicable discounted rates, executing all sales efforts in an ethical and professional manner.
Ensure prompt follow-up on customer quotes, while seeking out prospective clients and opportunities.
Visit customers on-site, in an effort to build relationships and ensure satisfaction.
Occasionally perform estimates when Estimating Department is short-staffed. Account Manager // Fort Worth, Texas 2018 – 2020 Structural + Steel Products
Managed existing accounts and developed and maintained successful relationships with customers.
Created and managed weekly forecasts of invoicing revenue by project.
Served as main point of contact for a specific customer-base consisting of private, infrastructure- oriented, construction contractors, and public, governmental agencies/municipalities.
Handled customer inquiries, while recommending strategic solutions.
Reviewed bids, specs, and plans to develop material takeoffs and sales quotes.
Completed and formalized quotes and managed customer information in ERP systems.
Managed customer schedules and provided weekly status reports, helping to coordinate product shipment schedules.
Coordinated with Purchasing Manager to create purchase orders, expediting them when necessary.
Assisted finance with the resolution of invoice discrepancies and billing issues, as well as the creation of dispatches and invoices.
Acted as a liaison between the Manufacturing and Field Service teams to coordinate vendor and manufacturing warranty corrections, if needed.
Maintained a firm understanding of TxDOT specifications. Business Process Manager // Alvarado, Texas 2014 – 2018 Sabre Industries
Managed BOM and Inventory Control departments and assumed full responsibility for management, scheduling, resource allocation, and performance management.
Led all testing and implementation efforts of systems, tools, and processes.
Assisted in the development of various processes, procedures, and standards – confirming system usage consistency amongst teams.
Managed inter-company transactions of $18 million a year between manufacturing plants, monitoring the process from order entry to final invoicing.
Served as a key team member in the implementation of the Epicor 10 upgrade, as well as the Finance team, researching discrepancies and revenue recognition. Bill of Material Technician Supervisor // Alvarado, Texas 2014 – 2013 Sabre Industries
Oversaw a team of five technicians, monitoring group performance and efficiency.
Developed bill of material procedures, scheduled all incoming sales orders for configuration, and handled sub-contract operations.
Performed end-user testing on programs developed by the IT group, collaborating closely to further develop tools for team use.
Updated part numbers in product / engineering catalogs for engineer utilization. VOLUNTEER
Northwest ISD PTA Justin, Texas 2021-Present
-Peterson Elementary School PTA-Treasurer 2021-Present
-NISD Council PTA- Programs Chair- 2022-
DFW Women’s Manufacturing Network- Board Member 2020-Present Life Purpose Life Coach- Certified 2020
SOFTWARE PROCIFICIENCES
Microsoft Office Ten-Key 9806 JD Edwards Maestro Bluebeam Epicor/Syspro SAP Tekla Procore
Contact this candidate