SHANNON BROWN, MBA

**** **** ******* **** • Peoria, Arizona 85382
Cell: 520-***-**** • ad5hjn@r.postjobfree.com

Dynamic MBA-level professional with a passion and a proficiency for working with older adults and their families.
Sensible managerial style that promotes both responsibility and accountability.
Exceptional leader with a positive attitude and a talent for inspiring others to work to their fullest potential.
Proactive, team-oriented approach to problem solving whereby challenges are carefully evaluated and quickly overcome.
Successful, results-driven regional executive with high performance expectations of self and others.
Confident manager, both analytical and decisive, who appreciates the value of human capital to the success of the organization.
Perceptive marketing manager who thrives in highly competitive environments and does not shy away from challenges.
Intuitive business development skills with a reputation for identifying opportunities for product/service distinction and business expansion.
Exceptional oral and written communication skills that demonstrate the ability to balance honesty with diplomacy.
Visionary leadership that inspires working environments filled with respect and appreciation for others.

KEY COMPETENCIES

• Budget Writing • Positive Work Environments • Independent & Assisted Living
• Strategic Planning • Sales & Marketing • Dementia Care
• Integrity/Ethics • Competitive Analysis • Skilled Nursing
• Start-Up Operations • Referral Generation • Teambuilding & Training
• Reposition of Operations • Multi-site leadership • Human Resources

EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION

Master of Business Administration, Health Care Management
University of Phoenix, 2014
Bachelor of Science, Health Care Administration
American Intercontinental University, 2012
Associate Degree of Science, Nursing
University of Southern South Dakota, 1997
Arizona Assisted Living Manager, Certificate #09690

VOLUNTEER/COMMITTEE EXPERIENCE

Arizona Leading Age- Board Member- 2017-present
-Sub Committee’s: Membership Due’s Task Force- Chair- 2018- present
Policy and Governmental Affairs Committee- 2017- present
Covenant Health Network- Emergency Planning Committee- 2017 to present
Life Care Services- Lifestyle and Health Services Committee- 2016 to present
AzCHER-Operations Committee- 2018- present
Journey Church Volunteer Youth Ministry- 2008- present

PROFSSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Executive Director- CCRC
Life Care Services-Sierra Winds
240 Independent Living, 70 Skilled Nursing
April 2017 to present
Deficiency free survey in 2017
Safety Award 2017, 2018
Successfully managing the daily financial operations of the community
Actively participating in external marketing, in-house events, and lead development efforts
Ensure that all company policies and procedures are implemented and followed
Providing positive leadership to a team of over 190 employees
Strategic Sales and Marketing Strategies
Community Master Planning
Board of Director Relations and reporting community Compliance
Development and compliance with yearly community budget

Regional Director of Operations
Life Care Services
10 Communities- IL, AL, and MC Units. February 2014 to April 2017
6 communities winning 2015 company marketing and sales honors
Discipline, supervise, teach and direct immediate subordinates who are Executive Directors (EDs) of senior living communities
Review, evaluate and make recommendations concerning the operational and financial performance of senior living communities.
Prepare annual operating and capital expense budgets for approval by owners
Oversight of policy and procedures, including marketing, clinical, management and accounting, are implemented and followed
Work with EDs to collaboratively develop community goals and objectives, and monitor progress monthly.
Pre-Opening critical path generation and development
Community opening license requirements
Pre-Opening sales and marketing deposit strategies

Executive Director
Elmcroft Senior Living, Tempe, Arizona
84 Assisted Living Units. August 2012 to February 2014
Received Company Safety Award for 2 years with no loss time or dollars
Successfully managing the daily financial operations of the community
Actively participating in external marketing, in-house events, and lead development efforts
Providing positive leadership to a team of 7 department managers and 35 employees
Increased census from 30% to 75% during leadership

Regional Manager of Resident Services
Watermark Retirement Communities, Tucson, Arizona
12 Communities- IL, AL, MC, and SNF Units. December 2010-August 2012
Interview, hire, discipline, supervise, teach and direct immediate subordinates who are Executive Directors (EDs) of senior living communities.
Review, evaluate and make recommendations concerning the operational and financial performance of senior living communities.
Ensure that all company policies and procedures are implemented and followed.
Work with EDs to collaboratively develop community goals and objectives, and monitor progress monthly.
Conduct performance evaluations on subordinates and makes appropriate recommendations based on evaluations.
Stay abreast of changes within the senior living industry in respect to new concepts, innovative ideas, regulatory changes, changes to licensure requirements and changes in laws.
Coordinate, conduct and evaluate quality assurance studies and resident satisfaction.
Assist communities with problem solving.
Mentor, coach, teach and team-build individual community EDs and their teams, as required.

Executive Director
Assisted Living Concepts, Peoria, Arizona
84 Assisted Living Units. July 2008 to December 2010
Supervised a team of 7 department managers and 40 employees.
Successfully revitalized a failing operation by repositioning the facility’s reputation and by re-establishing trust with prominent referral sources and the local licensing department.
Increased the routine census by 55% and more than doubled respite care utilization within the first five months of employment.
Streamlined the organizational structure and drafted both operational and capital budgets.
Negotiated new contract terms and service conditions with vendors for linen service, food service and facility security systems.

PRIOR WORK EXPERIENCE AND REFERNECES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
Contact this candidate