Brittany Yekeler

Fairfax, VA ***** • 571-***-**** • ad5it9@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective
Diligent professional and recent graduate in psychology seeking to advocate and help children and families in need.
Strengths
Coordination: Effective in establishing team members’ and students’ roles and responsibilities.
Critical Thinking: Successful in the implementation of students’ and employees’ abilities to analyze and understand different perspectives.
Problem Solving: Adaptive to unexpected challenges and constructive in identifying employees’ and students’ strengths.
Academic Research & Writing: Mastered in conducting clear and proper ideas through obtention and analyzation of evidence.
Work Experience
Assistant General Manager Mothersauce Partners
November 2023 - February 2024
Displayed strong communication and organizational skills towards staff members to implement the transition of new management.
Identified transparent and achievable goals in training 25 staff members through scheduled daily meetings, adaptive learning, gamification, and cross-training.
Oversaw daily operations and events to optimize customer satisfaction and retention through client relationship management.
Assistant General Manager for Human Resources Development DMK Restaurants
July 2021 - November 2023
Assisted in the launching and training of 30 employees within a new 30,000 sq ft food hall concept through training handbooks and manuals, experiential learning, and role-play scenarios.
Held daily meetings with staff and conducted individual evaluations based on performance every six months.
Resolved issues amongst employees or clients, reporting and communicating proceeding to direct supervision and/or property management.
Conducted interviews, hired, and onboarded 100+ employees.
Administered reports based on sales and labor summaries.
Lead Teacher Waterfront Academy
February 2021 - July 2021
Led a classroom of multiple age groups, using Montessori principles
Conducted lesson plans specific to each age group- tailoring for particular individuals
Communicated with parents on pupils’ academic progress in addition to social concerns
Instructional Assistant Arlington Public Schools
October 2018 - February 2021
Worked one-on-one with students, discussed and worked through any problems that arose from behavioral or learning interactions
Collected, analyzed, & reported student data to the teacher in order to integrate new teaching styles, while collaborating with staff to create PowerPoints for online presentations
Led online classroom forums when teacher was not present or teaching a different cohort
Ensured Microsoft Teams and all other forms of technology ran efficiently, addressing any issues to internal staff or conducting research to find a solution
Education
George Mason University Fairfax, Virginia GPA: 3.94 December 2023 Bachelor of Science in Psychology
International TEFL Academy May 2021 TGUK Level 5 Certificate in Teaching English as a Foreign Language
Tidewater Community College Norfolk, Virginia May 2006 Associate of Science Degree
Academic Projects
PSYC 418: Death, Dying, and Grieving The Murder of JonBenét Ramsey: Overcoming the Grief of a Child
PSYC 301: Research Methods Disparities in Children of Low-Socioeconomic Status:
Implementing Educational Resources
PSYC 333: Industrial-Organizational Psychology A Small Fraction of Job Analysis
Internships
Wanderlust Exchange Shanghai, China Online Tutor September 2020 - May 2021
Maxim Staffing Solutions Virginia Beach, VA Patient Sitter 2009 - 2010
Contact this candidate