NICOHLE KRAVARIK
Charlotte, NC • 386-***-**** • ad5ikm@r.postjobfree.com • LinkedIn

Highly Skilled Operations & Business Development Professional
Customer Experience Optimization Training & Mentorship Revenue Generation/Growth
Seasoned and forward-thinking professional with a vast background in driving operational excellence, sales growth, and customer engagement in high-volume and fast-paced environments. Trusted advisor to leadership teams, staff members, and C-suite executives on attaining overarching profitability goals, as well as maintaining competitive market edge. Exceptional crisis management and conflict resolution skills with proficiency in prioritizing, negotiating, influencing, and resolving complex issues or conflicts. People-driven individual with proven expertise in building strong, trusted relationships at all levels and delivering exceptional customer service as demonstrated through the improvement in NPS by 24%. Strong coaching and consultation skills, excel at developing teams to tactfully handle challenges and deliver strategic solutions.
Areas of Expertise:
Relationship Management Contract Negotiation Sales Strategy
Retail Management C Suite Engagement Resource Management Project Management
Sales Improvement Operational Turnaround Business Management Operational & Team Leadership
Team Management Employee Engagement Culture Development Sales Management P&L Management
Forecasting & Budgeting Collaboration & Communication Strategic Thinking Partnership Building/Management

Professional Experience

OLD NAVY, Charlotte, NC 2021 – 2023
Assistant General Manager
Oversaw multifaceted store operations including business development/growth, scheduling, customer service, and dynamic employee relations from hiring/onboarding to training and development, disciplinary actions, as well as performance optimization. Addressed and resolved escalated store issues including maintenance, customer complaints, and strained employee relations, ensuring streamlined workflow and enhanced operational efficiency. Collaborated with the C-suite executives for store visits. Hand-selected in an interim General Manager role for the second store to oversee store sales, employees, and culture.
Transformed store-wide culture and boosted team productivity, leading to improving P&L performance and driving significant revenue growth from $7M to $8M, as well as improving NPS by 24%.
Managed a team of 32 employees focusing on rebranding and implementing innovative business strategies to align with discerning clientele needs.
Excelled in retraining staff to guide customer shopping experiences, leading to enhanced customer satisfaction.
Spearheaded community engagement initiatives including establishing partnership with Foster Village Charlotte and enhancing an existing collaboration with Congregation for Kids, resulting in impactful advertising and fundraising efforts for foster children’s welfare such as the fundraising gala that raised $250K.
Led “This Way Onward” program and championed the empowerment of underprivileged and low-income teens by providing hands-on guidance, training, and access to scholarships in a flagship store setting.

TARGET, Charlotte, NC 2017 – 2021
Specialty Sales and Operations Manager (2018 – 2021)
Hand-selected to oversee sales across specialty departments including apparel, beauty, and electronics, and major store events such as Christmas at a high-volume Super Target. Tasked to oversee a high-performing team of 75 and undertook additional responsibility of managing 200 reports to meet customer demands and maintain streamlined workflow.
Led a record-setting initiative on Black Friday that generated $1M in 5 hours for the store.
Overdelivered sales quota of $2M by increasing departmental sales volume to $26M from $18M with a goal of $20M.
Increased store’s profit margins by 87%+ by consistently analyzing market trends and customer purchase patterns, as well as tracking store-wide metrics to drive significant process improvements.
Conducted 1:1 sales training by employing a behavioral science approach and coaching the team on guiding customers’ shopping experiences, as well as deploying sales strategies to elevate guest experiences.
Performed detailed walkthroughs with C-suites to provide insights into overall store performances, process gaps, and employee training and development needs.
Established a cohesive and growth-focused internal culture conducive to increasing cross-functional department collaboration, improving store-wide communication, and enhancing customer experience.

Senior Visual Merchandising Lead (2017 – 2018)
Developed innovative retail strategies in a pilot Target store and tested and implemented processes that significantly contributed to the company’s current best practices, resulting in enhancing operational efficiency and customer engagement. Recruited for a major rebranding initiative aimed at adopting a more visually-driven sales approach.
Instrumental in implementing and testing a fulfillment process to position the store as a leading competitor to Amazon in retail efficiency and customer satisfaction.
Led training and development for visual district managers to equip them with comprehensive understanding of merchandising strategies and improving the visual appeal of the store.
Influenced C-level executives’ decision-making pertaining to sales operations by delivering impactful presentations on innovative sales strategies, advanced training practices, and insights into customer retail psychology.
Spearheaded successful product launches across multiple stores, ensuring alignment with company standards and goals.

FOREVER 21, Greenville, SC 2016 – 2017
Manager of Merchandising
Managed end-to-end merchandising activities in coordination with the VP of Merchandising including analyzing consumer trends and developing, as well as deploying creative strategy for the local market. Led, mentored, and developed 7 team members in executing innovative visual merchandising initiatives by leveraging strategic vision and data.
Prevented a potential multi-million dollar lawsuit for the company by spearheading and managing a targeted campaign and addressing and resolving issues related to possible copyright infringement.
Contributed extensively to improving nationwide visual programs of the store by orchestrating and creating visual displays that were adopted across all stores.

ST. AUGUSTINE PIRATE & TREASURE MUSEUM, St. Augustine, FL 2013 – 2016
Buyer/Retail Operations Manager
Maintained oversight of 6 team members across 3 stores to oversee buying operations for retail properties. Aligned key retail efforts with revenue generation objectives to drive significant revenue growth of $2M+ annually in museum entrance fees. Assessed and forecasted visitor demands and flow to create product procurement strategies with a focus on driving cost efficiencies. Secured win-win terms with new and existing suppliers by successfully negotiating complex contracts and terms.
Achieved recognition in multiple retail industry magazines due to exceptional contributions in the retail sector.

Education

ASHFORD UNIVERSITY, San Francisco, CA – BA in International Business
Computer Science Certification for Artificial Intelligence, Harvard (In Progress)
Food Protection Manager Certification (2020 – 2025) Leadership Certification: Creating Public Value (2023)
Contact this candidate