Nora Sneberger
ad5ila@r.postjobfree.com Englewood, CO 303-***-****
Sales & Business Development Manager
Entrepreneurial, competitive, goal-driven leader. Unparalleled ability to transform teams, processes, systems, customer satisfaction, and company reputation, profitably growing sales by 50% YOY.
Innovative, resourceful, consultative approach to evaluating and improving products, pricing, core business processes and systems. Intellectually curious and dedicated to professional development.
Engaging, insightful, empathetic leader with outstanding ability to recruit, develop, recognize, reward, and retain key contributors, building collaboration, teamwork, and performance. Experience
Station Dental Group Aligned Dental Partners 2023 to Present Multi-site dental practice
Regional Director of Operations
Manage and mentor a direct staff of 5 Practice Managers, 9 Dentists, and support staff of 29 at 5 locations. Report to the practice leadership team, reporting to President and Sr. Director of Operations.
Perform core HR activities including interviewing, onboarding, training, coaching, goal-setting, and reorganizations.
Analyzed insurance billing and patient accounts receivable to improve revenue collection by 40%.
Created standardized operating procedures to improve consistency and performance across all locations. Delta Dental of Colorado 2020 to 2022
Colorado’s largest dental insurance provider
Business Development Provider Operations Manager
Recruited to lead a Provider Relations team of 8 serving dental practices with outreach, education, and online account administration. Managed an OpEx budget of >$3M.
Met and exceeded goals for policy and process creation, interdepartmental relationship-building, and conversion of providers from check payments to EFT, as well as acquiring, educating, and retaining dentists and hygienists.
Benchmarked operational best practices and technology utilization at 6+ Delta Dental organizations. Devised and documented processes for successful NCQA accreditation and ongoing audits.
Spearheaded development of robust account management processes for large dental service organizations (DSOs), analyzing and improving provider relations, credentialling, claims, and payment programs.
Developed provider onboarding and offboarding processes. Led targeted relationship-building with early career providers to ensure sustainable business success.
Grew provider base by 11% from 3,400 to 3,780 against the challenges of a global pandemic and a challenging software conversion through expediting provider credentialing by 80% (from 30 to 8 days).
Earned maximum bonus each year as well as spot bonuses for above and beyond service. Hearing Life 2019 to 2020
The retail audiology arm of Demant, a world-leading healthcare group that serves people with hearing loss District Manager Business Development Practice Oversight
Recruited to manage P&L, sales, and HR for 12 Colorado locations with a total staff of 33 (Patient Care Coordinators, Audiology Technicians, Hearing Instrument Specialists, and Audiologists). Reported to Western Regional VP.
Transformed staff culture, performance, and teamwork through focused recruiting, training, and employee relations.
Optimized employee morale and internal communications during an 85% operational shutdown with extensive staff furloughs arising from pandemic. Rapidly shifted processes to accommodate urgent patient needs through virtual and drive-up services, in compliance with national and state regulations.
Improved sales ranking from 8th of 8 districts in the Western Region to 2nd within 3 months of hire. Nora Sneberger
Page 2-303-***-****
Experience – continued
Cosmetic Dentistry of Colorado Denver Place Dentistry 2012 to 2019 Independent dental practice acquired by corporate entity Signature Dental Partners in 2017 Director of Business Development (2014-2019) Office Manager & Patient Care Coordinator (2012-2014)
Promoted through multiple positions within a growing dental practice with 3 dentists and a staff of 12-15 clinical and administrative professionals. Reported first to practice owner and later to Regional VP.
Oversaw an Office Manager, hired and trained administrative staff.
Gained knowledge of medical practice administration: accounting, insurance, patient billing, purchasing, inventory control, sales, and marketing.
Analyzed, streamlined, and automated core business processes. Led testing and implementation of new technology solutions to improve patient communications, branding, sales, marketing, and profitability.
Enhanced business reputation through coordinated social media campaigns with satisfied patients.
Improved employee retention from 56% to >90% through multiple HR strategies: hiring, training, team building, collaborative goal setting, and bonus programs.
Instrumental in growing revenues 293% from $750K to $2.2M. Improved profit margins by 45% during tenure through patient growth, insurance negotiations, and competitive service pricing. Westin Consulting Lawgical 2009 to 2011
SaaS solutions for courts and legal firms nationwide Director of Sales & Business Development Marketing Consultant
Hired and trained a new team of 5 marketing consultants to support clients in marketing their businesses via the company’s online directories, software tools, and other product lines.
Created and implemented new sales and business processes for all product lines.
Expanded marketing impact with improved branding, trade shows, seminars, social networking, web presence, and multimedia programs.
Key contributor to 40% year-over-year revenue growth. Education Affiliations Skills
Juris Doctor IIT Chicago-Kent College of Law, Chicago, IL French History, Culture, Language Studies Université de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France Bachelor of Arts, English Literature DePauw University, Greencastle, IN Alumna, Gamma Chapter of Alpha Phi
Professional Development Leadership, diversity, equity, and inclusion, management finance, public speaking
Event Volunteer National Charity League - Rocky Mountain Chapter Software Skills Open Dental and Dentrix dental practice management tools, Salesforce, Basic Jira, Tableau, Qlik, QuickBooks, MS Office
Contact this candidate