Profile Summary
Packaging Development Manager credited with conceptualization & formulation of various strategies for new packaging materials in consideration with the lead time requirements Skilled in end-to-end planning & execution of projects for packaging including review, research packaging formats, designs/ structures, commercial viability, design/engineer field execution with vendors, coordination with vendors Gained knowledge of SAP MM and ERP
Excellence in Spearheading R&D operations & modifications of existing ones Exhibited excellence in identifying opportunities and establishing action plans to optimize packaging capabilities, efficiencies and resource utilization to deliver services to clients Led multiple projects with hands-on experience in Packaging Demand Planning, Cost Management & Optimization, Vendor Development & Auditing and Packaging Systems (Material & Machines) Sourcing Expertise in Testing, Machine Trial, and Transportation trial of packaging materials. Familiar with Investigating market complaints and implement corrective actions in conjunction with corporate quality assurance Accurately mapped training needs, formulated and imparted training to the team to enhance productivity and operational efficiency through knowledge enhancement / skill building Successfully established problem-solving, logical & analytical faculties, handling plant operations Track record of excellent vendor development for packing material procurement. Worked towards successful improvement of packaging material with respect to quality parameters Academic Details
PG Diploma in Packaging Science & Technology from SIES School of Packaging, Nerul, Navi Mumbai in 2005 Bachelor of Science in Chemistry from Mumbai University, Mumbai in 2002 Soft Skills
Core Competencies
Packaging Development Quality Assurance & Control Technical Investigations Training & Development Vendor Management Inventory Management R&D New Product Development Vendor Audits
Problem-Solver
Collaborator
Communicator
Motivator
Analytical
KIRAN SAHEBRAO JADHAV
A multi-faceted professional with proven skills, targeting for challenging & rewarding opportunities in Packaging Development with an organization of high repute. ad5i1s@r.postjobfree.com +91-989*******
Career Timeline
Jul'20-Present with Indoco
Remedies Limited, Navi Mumbai as
Packaging Development Manager
Nov'15-Jan'20 with Piramal
Healthcare Limited, Mumbai as
Packaging Development Manager
Feb'08-Nov'15 with Shalina
Laboratories Private Limited, Navi
Mumbai as Packaging and
Development Senior Executive
Sep'06-Feb'08 with R-Pac India
Private Limited, Navi Mumbai as
Packaging Development Executive
Dec'04-Sep'06 with Lissome
Cosmetics Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai as
Packaging Development Executive
Organizational Experience
Jul’20-Present with Indoco Remedies Limited as Packaging Development Manager
Key Result Areas:
Analyse Innovator pack and recommend appropriate packaging for new product formulation in order to provide sustainable, robust and cost effective packaging system.
Working closely with cross functional teams to drive execution across multiple projects to ensure speed to implementation. Interfacing with all related technical authorities for understanding and leveraging technologies and applications.
Co-ordinate with packing material vendors to arrange technical documentations to facilitate regulatory submission. Provide support for regulatory submission and queries. Selection and finalization of vendors for packing material. Nov'15-Jan'20 with Piramal Health Care-Critical Care Division, Mumbai as Packaging Development Manager
Key Result Areas:
Managing artwork process and integrating artwork process across categories and business units.
Supporting Sales, Regulatory Team to closely monitor new package design launches for different dosage forms & artwork changes and manufacturing locations for any queries/investigation related to packaging material. Ensuring artwork compliance as per regulatory authorities and providing solutions for queries related to artworks.
Conceptualising and implementing packaging cost optimizations initiatives Updating packing material specification, standard testing procedures, master packing dossiers at manufacturing plant.
Feb'08-Nov'15 with Shalina Laboratories Private Limited, Navi Mumbai as Packaging and Development Senior Executive Key Result Areas:
Ensured smooth coordination with vendors for shade cards & drawings, online proofing visits to vendors for colour& text approval. Tasked with packaging material vendor audits and resolving all issues related to Testing, Machine Trial and Transportation Trial of packaging materials.
Investigated market complaints and implemented corrective actions in conjunction with corporate quality assurance.
Implemented value added packaging concepts and systems. Prepared packaging material specifications, standard testing procedures & standard operating procedures.
Previous Experience
Sep'06-Feb'08 with R-Pac India Private Limited, Navi Mumbai as Packaging Development Executive
Dec'04-Sep'06 with Lissome Cosmetics Private Limited, Mumbai as Packaging Development Executive
IT Skills
MS Office: Excel, World & PowerPoint
Oracle ERP.R12
SAP
Contact this candidate