Ahmed Abdel Moneim Zayed
Business Development Manager
Bachelors of commerce Ain shames University - Accounting Major 1999 Nasr City, Cairo, Egypt
Field of Experience – Business Development, Sales, General Management, Analysis – Finance, Market Research, Market Analysis, Admin, HR
Date of birth : July 1975 - age 48, Married
Contacts : 010********
ad5jkc@r.postjobfree.com
Experience :
Demac EG for Steel, Business Development Manager
July 2021 – Aug 2023
Plan, organize and manage business for whole company
Manage cost control
Manage Production cost, time frame
Manage Supply chain and performance
Follow up Finance, Cost, customers, Suppliers, Banks
(Business Development / Commercial and Marketing - Consultant) Gafy Group
Jan 2020 – April 2021
Plan, organize and manage business projects for clients
Based on clients' requirement, work on projects related to recruiting,,
budgeting, promotional campaigns etc.
Communicate with and meet with clients when needed
Perform initial assessments for each client before the project begins
Collect as much information about the client's business as possible
Understand clients' needs and wants
Perform research using shadowing, interviews, surveys, reading reports etc Business Development Manager, sign Out Media
July 2018 - Oct 2019
Finding and developing new markets and improving sales.
Researching organizations and individuals to find new opportunities.
Planning and overseeing new marketing initiatives.
Contacting potential clients to establish rapport and arrange meetings.
Developing goals for the development team and business growth and ensuring they are met.
Commercial & Revenue Manager, Guest Tek Interactive Entertainment Ltd. (ex Ibahn ) Apr 2010 – May 2018
Starting the Business Development Department in 2010 from Zero, Named as Commercial and Revenue Department
Achieving 3 High Revenue record in 2010-2011 through Building Strong and Trusted Data Base for Each Hotel (Customer) in the past 9 years including Sales Rates, Annual Prices, Revenue Per Market Per Category and keep it updated all time.
Analysis each market according to economic / political Facts in the past few years (Market Research / market analysis)
Preparing short term / Long term Plans for Each market Based on the previous revenue analysis.
Make targets for each Market ( optimistic target / Real Target)
Develop Relation with the customers in more Professional ways (Regarding Small Customers with weak IT Dep.)
Senior Financial Analyst, ART / Arab Radio & Television Mar 2006 – Mar 2010
Analyzing complex financial data and extract and define relevant information, interpret data for the purpose of determining past financial performance and to project a financial probability. Handling all Finical Reports for the Subscribers.
Handling Finical Payment For the channels (Suppliers) all over the world
Handling all channels Accounts.
Responsible of the Receivables
Covering the entire Job with (BANN) SYSTEM entry.
Preparing all analysis reports for the Channels and the Daily/Monthly Movement.
Analyzing all the incoming data for the Subscribers Per bouquet / Subscription / Period and Per country and compare it with the others periods. Senior Accountant, Rashdeen Egypt
Jan 2004 – Feb 2006
Responsible for all accounting and financial information for the retail activities and Repeat Performance.
Performed monthly, quarterly, and annual reconciliations, footnotes, and schedules as requested.
Handling Customers account’s on Daily Bases (account Receivable) Sales Analyst
Magrabi Egypt
Jan 1999 – Jan 2001
Responsible for all Sales Analysis for 13 Branch in Egypt Technical training:
1. Sales Analysis – BETA – 1999 / Cairo
2. Sales skills in UK
3. HR Skills – Ahram / Cairo
4. Account Management UK
5. Customer Satisfaction UK
6. Accounts Receivable – Payable - Cairo
7. Sales Management UK
8. Marketing Strategy UK
9. Marketing Basics UK
Soft skills:
Team Leadership – UK
Negotiation Skills
Communication skills
Leadership
Contact this candidate