RESUME for ****

James R. Spear

Houston, TX *7070
832-***-**** (Houston Cell Phone contact)

ad5kmn@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Profile

Results-driven and achievement focused Leader, Advisor & Senior Manager for G & G (Geophysicist/Geologist) with 46 years of experience in oil & gas exploration and global development projects as part of a multi-disciplinary team with a strong focus on technical applications. Excellent Geology and Geophysics (G&G) technical skills with a strong background in petroleum system concepts and an excellent understanding of reservoir geology and advanced seismic processing and interpretation methods together with a solid background in AVO/AVA, seismic inversion, reservoir characterization and the estimation/evaluation of oil & gas reserves/resources. Strong knowledge of structural geology in support of seismic interpretation and 3D modeling skills with the ability to conduct deterministic and probabilistic volumetric evaluations using industry standard Geological and Geophysical software. Committed to keeping abreast with current technical status updates and ongoing industry developments in regards to Geology & Geophysics in field management. My track record for both international and domestic exploration includes some 567 wells over my working career of 44 years of exploration and production. Experience with risk analysis via several courses like Rose group. This track record includes both conventional and unconventional work in more than 50 plus countries with their respective frontier basins on every continent but one.

Tertiary Qualifications

PhD Applied Geophysics/Geology, South Dakota School of Mines, Rapid City, South Dakota USA (1977-1980), never completed successful defense of thesis for reasons of leaving for industry position
M. Tech Applied Atmospheric Physics (USAF Synoptic Meteorologist ), College of William & Mary, Virginia (1972), Military veteran of 15 years both in USN(US Naval Academy, Annapolis, Md.) and USAF (NECAP forecaster for White House at Andrews AFB, Md.)
B.Sc. Physics and Mathematics, University of Delaware, Newark, Delaware (1973)

Key S kills & Competencies

Hands-on core expertise in Geology/Geophysics including seismic interpretation, coring and core analysis, stratigraphic analysis, mapping and 3D Geo-cellular static modeling.
Ability to manage G&G interests in new play concepts, evaluation and risking in exploration, exploration play, seismic interpretation, prospect evaluation, volumetric estimation and reservoir production.
More than 14 years of experience in shale basin plays such as Eagle Ford Shale of South Texas. Additionally, work in several unconventional plays both in North America and the Middle East (inclusive of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in Jufarah Basin and elsewhere).
Experience in the Austin Chalk MOBIL NEW EXPLORATION VENTURES (MNEV) and offshore GoM plays
Senior Staff Geophysicist 6/90 to 1/1994, Worked Austin Chalk exploration plays using shear wave 3D seismic in several counties, (Jourdanton field Atascosa County, in Austin Chalk using Shear-wave 3D acquisition and processing before this was in practice of its early infancy in South Texas.
Senior Staff Geophysicist 6/90 to 1/1994, Worked Austin Chalk exploration plays using shear wave 3D seismic in several counties, (Jourdanton field Atascosa County, in Austin Chalk using Shear-wave 3D acquisition and processing before this was in practice of its early infancy in South Texas. (see section under Mobil Oil tenure)
Involved with the geometric array design of the acquisition parameters in most of the offshore prospecting and processing over whole working career
Working career in both onshore and offshore seismic prospecting consisting of both conventional and unconventional drilling programs
Oversaw all operations involving fast-track seismic processing and ultra-fast track 3D PSTM on all seismic tracks offshore the Sarawak Geological Province in the Eastern Malay Basin for PETRONAS/Baker Hughes for better prospect generation in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, worked closely with Schlumberger office in KL. Malaysia besides duties of prospect generation in these three offices for the reservoir characterization group.

Proven expertise in Cross-Functional Leadership, Inversion Specialist, VSP/Synthetic Seismogram & Quality Control.
Proven research, development and application skills in the geophysical field.
Capacity to provide Operational and Geophysical Support in global field development programs.
Excellent understanding of Reservoir Geology/Characterization, Quantitative Interpretation, Seismic Data Interpretation, Time Lapse Studies and both basic and advanced seismic processing and interpretation methods.
Capacity to work both independently and in a team environment that spans several geographic locations.
Ability to provide/review technical solutions to optimize production from existing fields or evaluate appraisal prospects.
Advanced knowledge and experience with several seismic interpretation software systems.
Experience in multi-component Seismic Data Analysis and Velocity Modeling for Pore-Pressure studies.
Excellent knowledge and experience in Simultaneous AVO inversion, Stochastic Inversion, integration of seismic with rock physics, seismic data preconditioning for inversion, AVO attributes and analysis, use of seismic attributes for prospect evaluation, field development planning and business development.
Skilled in all aspects of end-to-end project management and implementation on time and budget.
Ability to develop standard procedures and innovation to achieve best practices for the benefit of review processes.
Capacity to lead, manage, direct and supervise a team of staff and contractors, driving performance and productivity.
Strong mentoring skills with the ability to coach personnel to perform technical evaluations and recommendations.
Consistently sets goals, establishes priorities, manages resources and develops targeted strategies.
Extensive involvement in writing industry-leading technical papers, having published 40 peer reviewed papers on wide range of geophysical problems and a text book on geophysical techniques for unconventional hydrocarbon resources.

Work History

Professional Experience

Subcontract work in the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale play of Louisiana/Mississippi and the Eagle Shale Play of South Texas. This work has been in the role as a semi-retired geophysicist/geologist with 44 years of experience with both prospect generator and managerial experience.

Divisional Advisor Type II Geophysicist/Geologist BHI Team (Baker Hughes) Chief Geophysicist MEAP for Baker Hughes (Far East and Middle East), Headquarters of Petronas Twin Towers /Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Western Geco using Petrel software and Petrel Modeling programs
June 2014 – September 2016 Current assignment for BHI is in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia working the Malay Basin offshore with several OBC 4C (3D) seismic grids generating prospects in the Sarawak Province offshore of Borneo, Malaysia. Project involves working with both extensional tectonic and transpressional tectonic regimes within a 5 Cycle sequence stratigraphic system identifying channel sands as targets. Additional work load includes overseeing all seismic processing with Western Geco offices and mentoring several of the Petronas geophysicists and geologists within the project D18 group. Proficiency in Petrel, Decision Space (Landmark Graphics) and SMT (Kingdom) for prospect generation.

Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Performing duties as deep water and ultra-deep water divisional geophysicist in the Malay Basin offshore of Malaysia. Oversees acquisition, seismic processing and seismic interpretation for Petronas via Baker Hughes position in the Twin Towers of Petronas Headquarters. Delineation of prospects: channel sands, stratigraphic plays and structural mapping. The main players are the JV partnerships with XOM and Shell in this assignment. The assignment is a two-year contract. Perform duties using Petrel software and Decision Space R5000. Using seismic inversion techniques (HR software) and AVO analysis along with Emerge (wavelet prediction). Further use of pore pressure prediction analysis for geo-pressured regimes in these offshore regions. New basin frontier plays and basinal analysis using Rose Risk Analysis.

March 2013 – June 2014
Dhahran, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA), for Baker Hughes/Aramco, Headquarters for Aramco, Chief Geophysicist
Unconventional Reservoir Team, principally the Jafurah Basin, KSA Shale Basin Plays in two different basins on the Arabian Peninsula

Performing duties to generate prospects for the gas shale play in KSA, This effort involves seismic interpretation for 3D/2D using Landmark Graphics Decision Space R5000, GeoProbe, StratWorks, Framework, Waveform Tracking, ezTracker, Seismic Fusion Wellbore along with SMT (Kingdom) software packages. Along with generating Attribute Maps, VSP walk-arounds, synthetics, risk analysis, basinal analysis for frontier plays, the process of drilling LWD for long laterals and frac stages design. Working with results from GMI for geomechanics delineation of “breakouts” and pore pressure prediction analysis for lateral design from heel to toe of laterals. Targets are over 10,300’ into TwqMtn and Jubaila Formations. At current pace, running with two rigs for the exploratory drilling programs.

Building velocity models for interval velocities, stacking velocities, and RMS velocities
Depth Imaging techniques for identification of fractures in subsurface
Anisotropric migration or anisotropic velocity analysis, Eta-analysis for time migration, delta and epsilon for depth migration
Oversee micro-seismic grids using currently Magnitude (France), geometry of array design and aperture definition
Coordinate with drilling engineers, completion engineers, and stimulation engineers all drilling/completion practice.
Build geological models for the basinal analysis
Mapping of all seismic and well information, build x-sections, and well log correlations for integrated approach
Maintain and coordinate with Aramco Drilling Superintendent for wireline services, using StarTrak imaging, VSP walk-arounds and walk-aways
Make presentations to the highest levels of Aramco and Baker-Hughes
Work the geomechanics and stress vector orientations in the wellbores
Perform pore pressure analysis within clastics section when possible
Waveform Tracking building fracture maps for the Jafurah Basin for use in generating prospects for unconventional prospects (Hzem Region)
Involved in all core analysis both on Jafurah Basin (Aramco and Core Labs)
AVO work and seismic inversion using Hampson-Russell software
3D modeling and visualization displays using GeoProbe and FrameWork
Working the volumetric reserve calculations
Working Jewel Suite (modeling with IMAX, GEM, WINPROP)
Geomechanics using GMI for determining “breakouts”
Mapping mean curvature of fracture for fracture identification as seismic attribute extraction using Workform Tracking within Decision Space R5000

Vice President of Exploration Technology/TerraDataGeosciences(TDGeo) February 2010 – March 2013 (joining BakerHughes in Manchester, UK)
Working projects in several of the shale basin plays of North America. inclusive of Canada and lower 48
Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas (LaSalle, Gonzales, Zavala, and Karnes Counties, Hawksville Field area) for client company and work in Leon County of Northeast Texas (multiple targets thru Woodbine, Eagle ford, etc.).
Completed projects for Common Resources on their South Texas projects in the Eagle Ford Shale play that resulted in sale to Talisman Energy group. Continue work projects in Leon County, Texas for shale play. Another project is working Maverick basin for Newfield Exploration in same trend.
Depth Imaging techniques for identification of fault shadows in shale basin plays, sub-salt imaging and other terranes.
Anisotropric migration or anisotropic velocity analysis, Eta-analysis for time migration, delta and epsilon for depth migration
Interval Velocity Inversion and Tomographic Inversion geophysical methods for velocity analysis and well tie-in with seismic
VTI(Vertical Transverse Isotropy) -Eta, HTI (Horizontal Transverse Isotropy) – Azimuthal Eta, TTI (Tilted Transverse Isotropy) – Epsilon, Delta, lateral heterogeneity for velocity interpretation within shale plays
Fracture Maps
GeoKinetics 3D azimuthal seismic survey in Bradford County, PA
Use of Transform software for the fracture mapping and fracture density identification
Extraction of Young’s Modulus for rock physics (petrophysical analysis for brittleness identification vs ductility)
Eagleford Shale play with Common Resources in LaSalle County as part of the Hawksville Field area now flipped to Talisman Energy group
Woodford Shale play in Oklahoma
Pre-stack inversion or multicomponent analysis for Vcarbonate, Vshale, and porosity
Pore Pressure Prediction (pore pressure and vertical stress prediction)
Poisson’s Ratio from Prestack Inversion
TVI, HVI, and TTI
AVO analysis, Seismic Inversion using Hampson-Russell software
Involved in development of research in new techniques for time-depth conversions using a myriad of velocity analysis via PreStack Depth Migration algorithms for seismic processing. This work has included testing parameters in turbidites, fault shadows, sub-salt diapiric structures in Pearl River Basin offshore of China.
Offshore in GoM areas for YPF in Mississippi Canyon OCS Blocks for YPF in Woodlands project.
Mapping of fractures stress vectors for locating “best” hydraulic frac’ing in shale basin plays
Working Mowry shale project in Wyoming with independent in Denver (field development in Powder River Basin)
Micro-seismic acquisition with geometric array design for optimal aperture
PSTM/PSDM algorithms were used in both Kirchoff migration, wave-equation migration, RTM (reverse time migration) and other technologies like WAZ
All of this work encompasses depth imaging problems for various companies both onshore and offshore.
My work also requires me to perform sales call and manager accounts of various oil& gas companies. I have three strong market areas currently under my responsibility. These companies are both independents and majors.
Work as part of a multidisciplinary team to help set direction in which Shale Rock Plays to pursue and what opportunities to evaluate
Integrate large amount of data, stay abreast of the latest industry developments, and create maps and cross sections aimed at improving both the greater regional and play-specific knowledge
Basin analysis through prospect generation activities and work closely with commercial team to assess entry opportunities
Work in Turkey shale basin plays both in Thrace Basin(Unconventional Shales) and the Sivas Basin in Central Turkey(Unconventional Shales) along with the major compression geology of the southeast regions of Turkey bordering on Iraq and Syria and living in Istanbul, Turkey with TransAtlantic Petroleum on region south of Cyprus Island on the Leviathan Basin northern edge with TPAO with exploration in both the Miocene (gas reservoirs) and the deeper Upper and Lower Cretaceous sections to prove the existence of oil reservoirs.. Working recent 3D seismic offshore Lebanon.
Working Unconventional Shales in Eastern Europe in Romania, Bulgaria and Poland (Baltic) basins
Delivery of high-quality interpretation product, including quality control and overall integration of all relevant geosciences studies / results from contributing specialists
Monitor industry activity in the region
Undertake, coordinate and monitor well activities in the region
Work both independently and in collaboration with the team and specialists to generate new concepts and opportunities

VP and Exploration Manager for Tap Corp (TransAtlantic Petroleum, TAT) this was done under sub-contract to TDGeo (TerraData Geosciences) 2011- 2012
Istanbul, Turkey
Manager of a team of 58 individuals working the shale basin plays of Thrace Basin, Sivas Basin, Molla and Selmo area of Southeast Turkey and offshore southern Turkey south of Cyprus Island in Eastern Mediterranean Offshore.
He was responsible for mapping of geophysical prospects, geological analysis and petrophysics for generation of all prospects and including basin exploration in Romania and Bulgaria in addition to Thrace and Anatolian Basins. Also, he was involved in data room presentation in London for sale of properties for JV partnership.

Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production/ Hyperdynamics 2007 – 2010
Sugar Land (SW Houston), Texas
Evaluation of a82,350 square kilometers offshore concession with the Government of the Republic of Guinea in West Africa. Duties include directing a staff of more than 8 persons (geoscientists and support). The management includes direction of all geological and geophysical prospect generation along with conducting geochemical studies. Additionally, James oversees all reservoir engineering and drilling practices. The work to date includes identification of prospect plays within deepwater environments along with shelf prospect generation. Prospect targets are within turbidite plays in the Upper Cretaceous, large, structural anticlines within the Lower Cretaceous. Pre-Cretaceous half-graben structures located within the continental shelf region. Identification of Paleozoic Basins defined by gravity is part of the review. Currently, we are now engaged in conducting a 9000 kms 2D seismic program with additional evaluation of geochemical source rock age differentiation, kerogen type identification, and “kitchen” or fetch areas identification. 3D seismic program is underway for 2010 along with first exploratory well to be drilled in 2011. All work was offshore in Ultra-deepwater or deepwater shelf areas of the Transform Margin Trend of West Africa. Much work was done with BOS group in Berger, Norway and Oslo, Norway offices on the seismic acquisition and processing side of the various projects. EMGS work was done in Trondheim, Norway on CSMS work as contracted for the EM work offshore of West Africa.

Vice President of Exploration and Prospect Generation Providence Energy Group March 2006-January 2007
Houston, Texas, San Ignacio, Belize, Guatemala City, Guatemala and Reno, Nevada
Evaluation of 3 million plus acres of concession on both geology and geophysical interpretation for Providence Energy
Group and overseeing a team of 6 staff members involved in carbonates and carbonate diagenesis, prospect generation, remote sensing of frontier basins, and basinal analysis. The evaluation involved definition of thrust faulting and deposition models for prospect plays in both the Corazal Basin, the South Belize Basin (onshore and offshore), and the Peten Basin (Guatemala). Duties include the managing of all phases of drilling, prospect generation, seismic acquisition, and risk analysis coupled with workstation operational supervision.

NorthStar Energy Manager of E & P, January 2005 - March 2006
Plano, Texas

Projects in the Ft.Worth Basin of North Central Texas developing Barnett Shale play utilizing horizontal drilling practices. Several wells DFW airport region and extending as far south as into Comanche County, TX at the southern fringe of the play. Work in the Dickerson County area of North Dakota in the Bakken shale and the Three Forks Formation. Leases were taken in the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas fairway (particularly, Gonzales county and Zavala County, Hawkesville Field in LaSalle and Frio Counties, Karnes Trough in Karnes County-JV partner with Common Resources now recently sold to Talisman Energy). In Hawkesville worked both updip in oil window and downdip in the gas window. Originally did work on thesis at South Dakota School of Mines on the Englewood/and its equivalent the Bakken shale) both in South Dakota and North Dakota. Evaluated the Arkoma Basin for possible Fayetteville Shale play in in the Arkoma Basin.
Started to work the Marcellus Shale plays in Pennsylvania and New York state in the Devonian section (both in the Mahantango Fm in PA and Skaneateles/Ludlowville/Moscow Shales in NY). Did feasibility study for horizontal drilling and made comparison with the costs to compare to the Barnett Shale play in North Central Texasdrilled in and around Newark Field and other areas of Wise County, Texas just west of our office in Plano, Texas. Feasibility study of the Marcellus shale was carried out to include Lycoming, Fayette, Indiana, Wayne, Wyoming, Washington, and Suquehanna Counties in Pennsylvania. Performed geochemical sampling along with core analysis to detect fracture orientations for maximum stress patterns for frac design.
Part of the project work involved taking cores and examining these cores for content along with performing core description for fractures, orientation of fractures, and petrography of the sections taken. Costs of drilling horizontal and vertical wells in the Marcellus shale was done for costs projections for both types of drilling. Hydraulic fracturing (slickwater fracs) and water requirements were undertaken in study areas. Flow back studies were conducted. Well log analysis of Marcellus section inclusive of Stafford Limestone Member, Purcell Limestone Member, Cherry Valley Limestone Member to Base of Marcellus. Final work compared the Marcellus Shale to the Barnett Shale for Depositional systems. Whole Core calibrated to the mineral identifications varying between the two systems. Modeled fracture orientations for optimal hydraulic frac completions.
Developed prospects in the Caddo Lake area of Northeast Texas/NW Louisiana in the Lower Bossier (Haynesville) Shale for Northstar Energy and its JV partner Wilcox Operating in Shreveport, Louisiana.Also worked prospects in the Granite Wash play just south of the Red River on Texas side and southeast of Wichita Falls and north of Denton area (within the Gainesville area) with partner Bandera Exploration in Dallas.
Secured leases in Gonzales, LaSalle and Zavala Counties of South Texas as part of the lease program for the Eagle Ford Shale project.

Shell New Ventures Group Houston/New Orleans 2001 – 2005 (all of this work was done under sub-contract with Devon Petroleum Consultants, my company and Devon is the name of my daughter and my DBA is under this name and along with Dan Pearson’s group associated with Royal Dutch Shell, Dan Pearson is the well-known structural geologist and is the author of the ‘Bible’ on “Applied Subsurface Geological Mapping With Structural Methods”.our two companies were known by Royal Dutch Shell and I had done work back at Shell’s headquarters in the Netherlands, Dan’s company and my company, Devon Petroleum Consultants did some projects together over the years since we knew each other very well from our earlier years in the industry). Dr. Tearpock (author of Structural Mapping textbook) was instrumental in my position with Shell Deepwater New Ventures group.
Shell Deepwater New Ventures Sr. Geophysical / Geological Advisor 2006 – 2007
Houston, TX
Experienced staff member, assigned to working deepwater exploration and prospect generation in Four Corners area (inclusive of Keathley Canyon, Alaminos Canyon, East Breaks, and Garden Banks areas of GoM). Integration of gravity and magnetic survey to define top and base of salt bodies with PSDM salt flooded and sediment flooded velocities. Prospects were generated and evaluated on geological and geophysical merits for appraisal and maturation plays.
The other main region of my concentrated work is in a swath from Kaskida, Uruguay north thru Clearwater/Tamara and into Grand Cayman/Serano north to Moray area of Garden Banks. Additionally, worked regional studies and modeling for the Walker Ridge and Green Canyon areas of the GoM. The prospect generation is to specific Shell OCS holdings in the Deepwater of the Gulf of Mexico. James involved in all aspects of overseeing processing for TOS, BOS, Salt Flood, Sediment Floods, Velocity modeling and WEM/Kirchoff/WAZ (Wide Angle Azimuth)/Gaussian Beam migrations to generate prospects in Keathley Canyon and Garden Banks areas. Project work includes paleo- ties across from Perdido region (Great White) to Grand Cayman swath. This work involves the integration of gravity and magnetic surveys to define top and base of salt bodies with PSDM salt flooded and sediment flooded velocities as well as ray tracing and velocity modeling of the underneath side of these salt canopies for prospect definition.

Maersk Oil and Gas / Copenhagen, Denmark 2003 (again here, this work was sub-contracted under the name of Devon Petroleum Consultants)
Worked projects in Ultra-Deep GOM (Sub-salt prospects) in the Walker Ridge, Green Canyon, and Atwater Valley OCS blocks targeting sands at prospect depths of 31,000’ thru salt canopy at edge of Sigsbee Escarpment.

This work included project areas in the Tahiti Field area of Green Canyon and work on the Jack 1 and St. Malo prospects in Walker Ridge area for Wilcox sands as well as offsetting development work on the Tahiti Field development in Green Canyon. A complete evaluation (Geological and Geophysical) of the Atwater Valley OCS blocks was done independent of group effort. In particular, the Sturgis Prospect along with 14 other major prospects was evaluated in Atwater Valley OCS blocks.

Clivenden Petroleum / Geneva, Switzerland 2004 (again sub-contracted under the name of Devon Petroleum Consultants)
Geophysical Advisor Muglad Basin Project Republic of the Sudan, East African Rift Zone Play
This project involves both 2-D grid and 3-D seismic volume along with subsurface control and gravity surveys (positive gravity highs). Worked out a tectonic history of this basin and identified several target structures within the Intra Abu Gabra 1 and Intra Abu Gabra 2 Formations along with shallower target sands in the Benti Formation (multiple pays). This work is taking place mostly in Khartoum, Sudan on a Geoquest workstation at APCO’s office in Khartoum. Affiliated seismic acquisition and positioning company (Upstream Petroleum Consultants), headed by Mr. Jeff Hume (formerly of Continium Resources of Houston) now based in Dubai, UAE, is providing seismic acquisition support via seismic crew for this project.

Devon Petroleum Consultants 2001 - 2003
Geophysical / Geological
ASRC Energy Services / ConocoPhillips Anchorage, AK Maersk Petroleum, Copenhagen Denmark
Senior Staff Geophysicist, ASRC Energy Services for ConocoPhillips, Alaska. Performing duties as a petroleum consultant to variety of companies starting with work in Cook Inlet and surrounding area. His contract working for ConocoPhillips (formerly Arco group) in Anchorage, Alaska via ASRC Energy Services (Arctic Slope Regional Corporation) on North Slope exploration in the Kapurak River Unit, Colville River Unit Groups, NPRA and ANWAR Group, and Alpine Group. His work included generating prospects, mentoring prospect generation, and teaching Landmark courses to geosciences staff in Anchorage, Alaska in both geophysical and geological applications. Involved with prospect generation below HRZ unconformity in the Kapurak Sand Formation. This work involved mapping mostly in 3D/3D merged surveys conducted along the area (both onshore and offshore in Beafort Sea) of the Barrow Ridge anticline and Cook Inlet. He worked several projects while assisting the ConocoPhillips in their use of geophysical and geological applications in the Landmark Graphics environment for generation of prospects. Contract working for ConocoPhillips (formerly Arco group) in Anchorage, Alaska via ASRC Energy Services (Artic Slope Regional Corporation) on North Slope exploration in the Kapurak River Unit, Colville River Unit Groups, NPRA and ANWAR Group, and Alpine Group. His work included generating prospects, mentoring prospect generation, and teaching Landmark courses to geosciences staff in Anchorage, Alaska in both geophysical and geological applications. Involved with prospect generation below HRZ unconformity in the Kapurak Sand Formation. This work involved mapping mostly in 3D/3D merged surveys conducted along the area (both onshore and offshore in Beafort Sea) of the Barrow Ridge anticline. He worked several projects while assisting the ConocoPhillips in their use of geophysical and geological applications in the Landmark Graphics environment for generation of prospects.
My other work was mainly focused with Maersk Petroleum working at their headquarters in Copenhagen, Denmark.

Geophysical Advisor
CLK /McMoran Oil & Gas 1999- 2001 Houston, TX
Performed duties as Project Geoscientist on the McMoran (Shell/Texaco portfolios ) Project which consisted of 192 OCS blocks in the GOM both deep shelf and deep water (Sub-salt depth imaging, ray tracing & depth velocity modeling with salt flooded and sediment velocity maps) across Central and East GOM region. Generated prospects attribute maps, AVO analysis, seismic inversion, and synthetics for areas within Garden Banks (Crete 272 and Gunnison & Durango #668 Block and surrounding area, Vermilion (#195,196), Eugene Island (#192, 191,190), Ship Shoal, Mississippi Canyon, Green Canyon, Main Pass (Block # 86), Grand Isle, and Viosca Knoll areas worked. Mound Point Prospect in Louisiana State waters was identified as “Deep” deep shelf prospect (see AAPG’s Explorer, July, 2003 discussion). Exploration discoveries in several of deepwater tracts, particularly, in area of Garden Banks GOM play were made, including Dawson Deep on Garden Banks Block 625. Several other discoveries include Phoenix Prospect on Eugene Island Block 212/213, Deep Lombardi on Vermilion Block 208, Deep Tern on Eugene Island Block 193, Mound Point on South Marsh Island Block 223, and Hurricane Prospect on
Contact this candidate