NOMAN WAHEED
E-Mail: ad5lry@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 682-***-****
CAREER STATEMENT:
A business development banker driven towards helping entrepreneurs overcome their challenges and achieve their business goals by providing them financing & advisory support. An accomplished and result-oriented professional who has handled sizable portfolio of commercial / corporate clients earlier for a thriving local bank in United Arab Emirates
& Pakistan.
KEY ACHIEVEMENTS:
Consistently rated high since inception in terms of exceeding budget numbers.
Managed to achieve significant growth (in terms of portfolio size and profitability) leading to relationship maximization.
Successfully negotiated deals and revived dying relationships. Identified problematic accounts in earlier stages & implemented appropriate strategies.
Built strong personalized relationship with clients resulting in gathering strong market intel & cross-references.
Have been contributing towards business/ process improvements.
Received Employee of the year award in 2019.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Bankislami Pakistan Limited, Karachi - Pakistan
Relationship Manager, Corporate Banking (South) July 2021 – Feb 2023
Independently managing a portfolio pertaining to large corporate key relationships of BIPL with an asset book of more than USD 40 Mn of Group relationships.
To develop, maintain and enhance relationship with prospective clients to ensure revenue are met / exceeded.
Structuring the financing application that caters the funded and trade financing needs of the client, to ultimately create an opportunity for the Bank to improve its relationship yield.
To ensure development of credit proposal is undertaken strictly under Sharia in conformity with the Bank’s approved policies.
Liaising with senior management for streamlining portfolio issues such as profitability, utilization and audit. Commercial Bank of Dubai
Assistant Relationship Manager – Large Corporate (Sharjah& Northern Emirates) Jul 2017 – Oct 2020
Independently managing a portfolio pertaining to large corporate key relationships of CBD with an asset book of more than USD 5 Bn of 16 Group relationships.
Processing and recommending requests for funded and non-funded credit facilities for the clients operating in various industries i.e. Trading, Manufacturing, Real Estate and Hospitality Sector.
Ensuring optimal utilization of the existing credit facilities and demonstrating vigilance to grab any possible cross sell opportunity.
Worked in collaboration with Financial Institutions (FI), Debit Capital Market (DCM), Trade and banks to design and structure client’s debt obligations including refinancing, restructuring existing arrangements and raising new debts.
Acting as a central point of contact between business and compliance department. Screening all queries raised by compliance team prior sending to Unit Head.
Ensure compliance queries are timely resolved and at the same time providing guidance to business team on compliance and AML inquiries.
Dubai Islamic Bank (DIB)
Relationship Manager (Middle Market) Apr 2016 – Mar 2017
Handling a portfolio of 28 clients (turnovers up to USD 50 Mn) with emphasis on maximizing return on financing
& overall relationship with use of excellent interpersonal and management skills
Actively arranging Murabaha, Ijarah and Istisna financing structures for clients, offering fully shariah complaint financing solutions.
National Bank of Fujairah PJSC, Dubai, UAE
Assistant Relationship Manager, Business Banking Aug 2011 – Mar 2016
Handling a portfolio of 35 clients (Avg Funded Assets approx. USD 25 Mn) with emphasis on maximizing return on advances with use of excellent interpersonal and management skills and generating profitability of USD 3.2 Mn.
Generating new business by targeting new clientele and giving them personal services right from account opening till activation of limits.
Structuring / Restructuring of credit limits by in-depth analysis of client’s current financial economic situation, future recovery, growth alternatives assisting them to overcome cash flow and working capital mismatches and minimizing credit defaults.
Invest Bank, Sharjah, UAE
Credit Analyst / Relationship Officer, Commercial Banking Nov 2005 – Aug 2011
Assisted RMs in customer service, documentation related to credit proposals and day-to-day portfolio management etc.
Continuously catered to the client’s personalized needs as well as learning to build & grow relationships.
Helped the reporting RM focus on profitable ventures by supporting him all along with a synergized approach towards achieving common goals.
Askari Commercial Bank Ltd, Karachi -Pakistan
Officer Grade II - Foreign Exchange Oct 2000 – Aug 2005
Authorized Signatory for all over country and handling of export/import documents on collection and under L/Cs.
Negotiate and purchase acceptance of export documents under L/Cs.
Monthly & Fortnightly reporting to Treasury & Head Office and returns to SBP.
L/C Opening (import as well inland) and issuance of Shipping Guarantees.
Monitoring of Foreign Currency Accounts’ opening and Nostro Account with the foreign Correspondents / Agent. EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS:
Master of Business Administration, Hamdard Institute of Management Sciences (HIMS), Karachi, Pakistan
Bachelor of Commerce, University of Karachi, Pakistan.
Corporate Credit Standards Program - Fitch Learning
Financial Analyst Certification - Moody’s Analytics
AML, Code of Conduct, Privacy & Information Security & Global Fraud Awareness - Thomson Reuters
Customer Relationship Management and Basic Financial Calculations - Emirates Institute of Banking and Financial Studies Negotiation and Conflict Resolution - National Bank of Fujairah PJSC. LANGUAGES:
English & Urdu
REFERENCE:
Will be provided upon request.
Contact this candidate