PEGGY WELCH
Highland Heights, KY ***** • 859-***-**** • ad5lc3@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/peggy-lane-welch-51280b22/ PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Senior Business Development Manager
An accomplished sales professional with an extensive background in leadership, business development, technology solutions, sales management, channel management, and marketing. High achiever, meeting or exceeding all goals and sales quotas. Presents, promotes, and sells the technologies of AIDC, RFID, ruggedized mobility, point of sale, software development, supply chain, asset management, cloud computing and cyber technologies, security access and control and networking solutions. Implements solutions to fit the unique needs of public sector and commercial customers. Extensive experience in technology solutions, government contracting, bidding, and proposing solutions through direct or reseller channels. Delivers outstanding success, and satisfaction. Establishes, cultivates, and manages productive relationships.
● Leadership/Mentor
● Initiative/Motivated
● Performance-Focused
● Analytical/Accurate
● Research & Development
● Extensive Technology
Background
● Public & Private Sector
● Exemplary Communicator
● Committed to Excellence
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Federal, State and Local and Public Safety Technology 07/2018 – Present Consultant/Advisor
Undertakes short-term or long-term projects to develop public sector opportunities and educate the customer. Meets with clients to understand the requirements and uses interviews or surveys to gather data. Conducts situational and competitive analysis to identify markets and opportunities. Presents and explains findings. Provides recommendations, advice, or suggestions for improvement.
Formulates plans to implement recommendations.
● Arranges for or provides training.
● Evaluate the situation periodically and adjust.
● Replenishes knowledge of industry, products, and field. Blair Tech 05/2021 – 06/2023
VP Public Sector & NA Distribution
Identified and implemented sales process improvements, business development plans and strategies to achieve goals for a company that specializes in buying and selling quality Microsoft recertified, Dell, Lenovo, and HP Computers, along with Gaming PCs for the E-Sports market. Worked with marketing to design print and online promotional materials for the company’s products. Responded to and coordinated all RFPs. Resolved customer service issues and concerns.
● Identified and attained 50+ new enterprise customers.
● Developed public and commercial sectors for E-Sports.
● Coordinated resources to align with company strategies.
● Developed new distribution and channel partners. PEGGY WELCH Page 2
BlueStar US 07/2008 – 05/2018
Manager of Government Services
Oversaw, created, and educated resellers and manufacturers selling into the federal, state and local, public safety and education markets. Utilized extensive industry knowledge in ISV development of technology solutions in the public sector and followed market trends. Executed and led direction for resellers and manufacturers to high sales growth and presence in government agencies. Created marketing strategies, events, and programs to fit the unique needs of the government customer and reseller.
● Generated product seeding programs with sponsored lead generation services for manufacturers resellers.
● Managed the sale from concept to fruition and execution, utilizing knowledge of writing contracts and proposals.
● Developed programs that educated customers and manufacturers on emerging markets and trends to grow sales.
● Grew government offerings and support to meet and exceed sales goals. International Techne Group 10/2005 – 04/2008
Software Solutions Manager
Developed and sold project management, data sharing, and quality functional deployment software solutions in the commercial and government market. Created solutions for data sharing for public safety agencies. Implemented the first data sharing network among law enforcement agencies within Kentucky. EDUCATION / AFFILIATION
Business, Management, Marketing, and Related Support Services University of Miami Women’s Mentoring Committee / Ambassador N KY Chamber of Commerce
Contact this candidate