Warren Smith
Auburn, AL 334-***-**** ad5l8z@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
Project manager with three Fortune 500 companies in cybersecurity, software development, and other IT outcomes.
Certified in choice and use of leading Artificial Intelligence (AI) enabling technologies to produce projects with dramatically greater accuracy, progress pace, and assured alignment with PMBOK principles.
Experience
VMware, Inc. (remote) 2020 – 2024
Corporate Compliance Program Manager
Talented Corporate Compliance project manager of medium to large sized projects, adaptive to meet changing organizational priorities:
Led team developing policies to mitigate risks and comply with Government regulations:
-Pioneered the company’s first ever development of a System Security Plan for sensitive data protection enclave developed for CMMC, at a time of Governmental ambiguity and waves of changing requirements.
- Drove assessment of 320 security objectives that evaluated Level 2 CMMC certification and procedures developed for 17 domains providing risk reduction.
- Managed completion of 110 DFARS requirements with infrastructure and processes audited and validated for annual SPRS certification.
Manager of teams validating compliance of software development processes to meet high profile Whitehouse Executive Order 14028:
-Spearheaded 12 software development teams concurrently to assess and satisfy software and software supply chain security compliance.

- Streamlined the completion of 504 secure software development procedures evaluated and evidence artifacts collected, to pass requirements for corporate officer attestation of compliance. Included cybersecurity supply chain risk management controls review.
Directed privacy compliance programs addressing EU financial sector regulations, with 63 practice areas, ensuring resilience and continued operations during cyber threats, integrating project management and stakeholder engagement strategies to enhance compliance effectiveness.
Supported enterprise review of vulnerabilities in hardware, software, or processes that could contain the same vulnerabilities that led to the Solar Winds corruption of its software supply chain and subsequent contamination of Solar Winds distributed to its global customers in routine software updates.
Directed short notice analysis of EU Digital Operational Resilience Act and produced key requirements matrix and confirmed products sold to EU financial entities met this standard.
Supported StateRAMP cloud service provider developments to improve the cybersecurity posture of state/local governments.
Supported cross-functional teams with low-code technologies, Salesforce Lightning and Mendix, to produce key outputs and applications.

Global Payments Inc., Columbus, GA 2017 – 2020
Information Security Governance, Senior Manager
Senior manager on the security governance team at an international payments processor, managing privacy, Cybersecurity, Compliance Audit projects, including:
-Prioritized a systematic review of corporate infrastructure for vulnerabilities similar to those detected in the “Heartbleed” compromise that affected many businesses.
-Led enterprise review of potentially vulnerable infrastructure for weaknesses similar to those exploited by a CapitalOne employee.
As company spokesperson to bank and financial service client inquiries for payments applications due diligence, delivered confidence and assurance on company risk management measures:
-Meeting with approximately 100 banking visits annually, demonstrating exceptional attention to detail and communication skills and protecting valuable business relationships.
-Organizing systematic presentations to cover all client special interests in areas vulnerability and remediation management.

Analyst driving cross-functional teams to develop privacy and security measures, facilitating compliance with SOX, PCI DSS, and GDPR.

Hewlett Packard Enterprise (remote) 2012 – 2017
Senior Manager
Program manager of cross-functioned, global teams supporting HPE infrastructure configurations including implementations for healthcare organizations.
Built a Customer Experience practice within HPE from scratch and developed it into cross company initiative working with external customer experience gurus Joe Pine and Lou Carbone.

Education
Masters of Science AF Institute of Technology, Dayton, OH
Bachelor of Science US Air Force Academy, Colorado Springs, CO
Certifications
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), (ISC)
Artificial Intelligence-Driven Project Management Masterclass, APMG-certified
Certified Secure Software Lifecycle Professional (CSSLP), (ISC) trained, test pending
Contact this candidate