Roger Hill - Technical Leadership

ad5nmo@r.postjobfree.com 206-***-**** Seattle, WA 98117
Summary

Veteran developer and engineering leader looking to build systems and lead teams. Strong mixture of technical knowledge, people skills, and vast experience in startups. Skilled at creating strategy and executing on it. Demonstrated proficiency at building an application, a team, or an organization.
Skills

●Prior experience in senior leadership and managing engineering departments, both in person and remote. Have built and scaled multiple teams.
●Extensive expertise in system architecture, software development, and database design with more than two decades of practical engineering experience. Willing to be hands-on and lead engineering from the front.
●Good at developing long-term technical strategy and a road map to achieve it.
●Solid understanding of quality processes: have built devops systems and managed devops and QA teams.
●Experience with personal development and mentoring engineers and managers.
●Comfortable with public speaking, vision casting, and building org culture.
Professional Experience
Director of Engineering
Leadr Plano, TX September 2020 - April 2023

●Managed engineering department and the software SAAS platform, scaling the team from five to thirty five people as the company grew to seven million dollars ARR.
●Responsible for the day-to-day management of the engineering, devops, and QA team leads, planning and developing the platform, and system architecture.
●Worked with executive leadership, product managers, and designers to build a technical road-map that balanced new feature requests against technical debt.
●Designed a Kubernetes based microservice architecture and built the observability functionality of the platform, ensuring smooth scalability. The platform is multi-stack, and supports APIs for the company's mobile applications.
●Served on ELT for nine months during CTO search, acting as an interim VP of Engineering. During this time, I managed the engineering budget and contract negotiation, and I advised the CEO on technical matters.

Relevant technologies: C#, .Net, Node, AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, MS-SQL & Dgraph, React & Redux, Micro-Service Architecture
Director of Engineering
Lighter Capital Seattle, WA June 2019 - May 2020

●Managed multiple engineering teams and recruited engineers, testers, and PMs to create a culture that prioritizes personal growth and professional excellence.
●Led the technical development of a greenfield fintech product that matched up VC’s with business owners looking for capital. It used machine learning and financial analytics to provide users with real-time insight into company fiscal health. Developed the concept to a beta product in under three months.
●Introduced processes to improve and stabilize software development, such as code reviews, one on ones, technical education, and agile planning. Was able to quickly double the size of the team and undertake multiple projects.
●Management existing fintech platform that processed ~100 million dollars of customer loans. Worked with other departments on cross-functional projects to improve and extend existing platform features.

Relevant technologies: C#, .Net, AWS, MS-SQL & Mongo, Micro-Service Architecture, Machine learning
Senior Software Engineer
Remitly Seattle, WA August 2018 - May 2019

●Worked on the Fraud prevention team to build cloud microservices that performed fraud and AML detection in real time on billions of dollars of transactions.
●Used machine learning, microservices, graph databases, and rules engines to detect and halt fraudulent wire transactions with minimal customer friction. Code needed to be preformant and reliable in a high-transaction environment. Loss levels were held steady as customer adoption grew.
●Created support tools for graph database visualization to allow easy inspection of complex data structures during fraud investigations.

Relevant technologies: Amazon AWS, DynamoDB, Neptune, PHP, Go, Java, Javascript, Micro-Service Architecture, Machine learning, and Docker.
Senior Software Developer
Vizio Seattle, WA March 2016 - May 2018

●Designed an asset manager that tracked dependencies across tens of millions of movie assets daily and determined which are ready for publication onto Vizio smart TVs. This system processes millions of assets per hour, and needs to be 100% accurate.
●Created the organization's devops systems. Designed and built a real-time monitoring system and tools to track system health of hundreds of microservices. It provided metrics, visualizations, and error reporting alerts to devops and developers.
●Developed a custom solution to build, deploy, and manage all the microservices that run the publishing system. This allowed fast and errorless handling of the thousands of files that need to be built and published to multiple servers during a typical deployment.

Relevant technologies: Amazon AWS & SQS, Mongo, SQL, Jquery, Node, Loggly, Log4Net, Rabbit MQ, Jenkins and MSBuild.
Senior Developer
DocuSign Seattle, WA February 2013 - August 2015

●Founding member of the Digital Certificates team, worked on strategic projects to integrate digital signatures into DocuSign's platform. I developed the integrations with multiple international x509 PKI providers and systems for applying digital certs to signed documents. These integrations resulted in unblocking DocuSign's entry into South American and European Union markets and millions of new users.
●Designed and implemented the email template system that simplified creation and localization of all of DocuSign's email communications. It has been used to send out hundreds of millions of email messages to date.
●Helped create DocuSign's pilot electronic notary system, allowing North Carolina notaries to electronically notarize documents in accordance with the state regulations. Was responsible for back end validation, processing, and storage of all related notary signing data. This

Relevant Technologies: C#, Asp.Net, JSON, jQuery, MS-SQL, winform applications, GIT, PKI certificates, encryption, iTextSharp, PDF manipulation libraries.
Additional Roles
Various Seattle, WA 2000 - 2013

Details about my accomplishments at Microsoft, Perkins Coie, Chicago Title, and Siemens are available in my online profile.

Full Work History: https://www.linkedin.com/in/hroger1030/
Education

Edmonds Community College & University of Washington – Undergraduate classes in Mathematics and Comp Sci
Contact this candidate