MOHAMMED MUJEEBUDDIN
MOBILE:812-***-****
E-MAIL:ad5ptw@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
• Over Seven years of experience in Business Development on platform of Office
Administration.
• My experience has provided me wide-ranging skills in industry analysis, the ability to
work in teams across regions, lead teams, work under pressure and motivate team
members towards delivering high quality insights.
• Successful track record in managing a short term and long term projects planning and
monitoring in manager role.
• Exceptional skills in relationship management with the abilities to lead teams.
• Proven team motivation skills that have lead to value added products that exceed
customer expectations
• Skilled in communicating with internal departments and senior management, assisting
sales with site visits and product demonstrations
• Excellent written, verbal and cross-cultural communication skills with high level of
customer focus and team spirit
• Adept in general administrative activities, personnel management, policy
implementation and facilities management across the organization.
• Vast experience in Human Resource Development and handling various HR processes
(Manpower Planning, Recruitment, and Performance Management).

CAREER OBJECTIVE
• As an Office Manager I want to coordinate and control all activities in an Office
effectively and efficiently which would help the organization to achieve its objectives
and goals with satisfied customer.
• To work in a challenging environment that would utilize my overall abilities,
Knowledge, Skills in taking up responsibilities entrusted to me by the management
and also help my career grow in a prosperous manner

ACADEMICS & QUALIFICATION

MBA (Innovative Management& Business Management)
University of Coventry (UK) 2010-2011

B.Com Computers (Management Accounting, Business Law)
Osmania University (India) 1999-2002

WORK EXPERIENCE

GLOBE INFRA CONSULTING SOLUTIONS PVT LTD
OFFICE MANAGER
APRIL 2011 -PRESENT

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES
All Secretarial Duties like drafting correspondence, maintaining files and records,
collecting and analyzing information, preparing reports viz. monthly sales reports,
comparative reports of the various outlets, store footfall reports and conversion
analysis etc.
Provide inputs for purchases, marketing etc.
Active participation in training all new joiners and refresher training to all existing sales
persons for all the branches.
Responsible for target setting and encourage the sales staff in achieving the same.
Update the staff in all the branches about the new releases and new stock availability.
Handling all correspondences to suppliers and assisting customers through telephonic and
face to face enquiries.
Handling day to day accounting & banking transactions and other routine office functions
viz. paying bills, reimbursement of expenses etc.
Maintaining records of the staff as regards their leaves, visa / passport renewals.
Scrutinizing of calls for Chairman and Managing Director
Handling Dispatches (Inward and Outward Domestic and International)
Self correspondence – drafting letters for clients, banks & etc.
Arranging Air Tickets Domestic and International, hotel bookings.
Coordinating with branch office related to admin work.
Preparing monthly rent statement and follows ups for o/s rent.
Regular status call with the clients by means of teleconference.
Responsible for any small projects with stringent deadlines of the client.
Assisting HR Head – Preparing Appointment letters, Confirmation letters, checking
Salary Statement received from branch offices and completing the exit formalities.

SECURE PARKING PVT LTD - AUSTRALIA
ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATIVE EXECUTIVE
SEPTEMBER 2004 – OCTOBER 2008

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES
All Secretarial Duties like taking dictations, drafting letters, Self correspondence.
Receiving/calls and taking messages, maintaining incoming and outgoing faxes .
Maintaining Petty cash / Stationery/ Staff Welfare activities and other office
administration jobs.
Follow up with Banks with day to day transactions - Cash - Cheques deposits/
withdrawals, maintaining pass books etc.
Follow up with Deliveries and Payments both Inward and Outward
Preparing quotations, Sales invoices, delivery Notes.
Coordination/follow-up/replying in response to queries received from the clients,
Data Management – effective filling system for quick and easy retrievals of documents,
Prepared travel Itineraries and Travel Claim Forms,
Manage documentation, prepare minutes of meetings, handle correspondence,
presentations & independently follow up on issues,
Prepares and compose correspondence independently,
Managing day-day administrative tasks including scheduling appointments, keeping track
of calendars and programs, scheduling meetings, correspondence, telephone
conferences etc.

RG GROUP INDIA PVT LTD
ADMINISTRATIVE AND HR EXECUTIVE
JANUARY 2002 – DECEMBER 2004
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES
Involved in a day-to-day activities and operations.
Responsible for all office administration and from the internet, interviewing, screening
negotiating Salary and reference-checking candidates prior to being submitted to the
client.
Communicating with prospective candidates via phone and email regarding their
technical background, availability and job status etc.
Identify and shortlist profiles from the company's database who has applied
Conducting telephonic interviews and personal interviews.
Forward short listed candidates to functional heads.
Conduct telephonic screening/Interviewing candidates.
Front Desk Operations
Handling Dispatches (Inward and Outward Domestic and International)
Handling of Drawings Dispatch to Clients and Sites resp.
Self correspondence and sending letters to branch office, clients etc.
Arranging Air Tickets Domestic and International
Scheduling meetings
Handling Day to Day office work

INTERESTS, ACTIVITIES AND ACHIEVEMENTS:
Awarded for consistently meeting the Productivity and Quality Benchmarks.
Special Recognition Award for Support and Contribution to Times Job Fair.
Won the Good Conduct medal in B.Com 2nd year.
Under went training sessions on Business Etiquette and Email Etiquette.
Won best communicator award while perusing graduation.

PERSONAL PROFILES:
NAME : MOHAMMED MUJEEB UDDIN
FATHER’S NAME : MOHAMMED SIRAJ UDDIN
DATE OF BIRTH : 15-07-1980
PASSPORT NUMBER :
MARITAL STATUS : Married
DRIVING LICENSE : AUSTRALIAN DRIVING LICENSE

References: Will be able to provide upon request.

(Mohammed
Mujeebuddin)
Contact this candidate