STEVEN TAYLOR
**** ******* **.
Washington, MI
*8094
Mobile: 248-***-****
Email: ad5pwl@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

Highly motivated sales professional with hands-on direct sales and customer relationship management experience. Proven ability land large contracts and to develop and implement strategic, multi-nation programs from initial design and program award through to PPAP approval and first shipment. Expertise developing, managing and leveraging strategic relationships across diverse organizations in the automotive industry (North America, Asia, Europe and Mexico).
Key Competencies
Account Management • Strategic Business Relationships • Contract Negotiation
Presales • Program Management • Business Development
EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Business Administration – Marketing
Central Michigan University, Mt. Pleasant, MI

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Mecco: New Business Development Manager - Cranberry, Pennsylvania (Remove in Detroit) 2020 – Current
Responsible for recognizing and making first presentation of Mecco to Detroit area OEM Manufacturers who would benefit from laser marking of their parts. Work with customer Engineering and Purchasing groups as well as visit to end user facilities after purchase. Successful in obtaining contracts from Ford, General Motors and various Tier-1 suppliers throughout Michigan and surrounding customer locations.

Hutchinson: Account Manager - Auburn Hills, Michigan, Industrial Belt Sales: 2018 - 2020
Responsible for all sales aspects of industrial customers for usage of Hutchinson produced Rubber Belts in USA, Canada and Mexico. These industrial customers are primarily conveyor manufacturers and White Appliance products (Whirlpool, Industrial Laundry). Worked closely with internal Engineering group to develop a new belt when required. Visited several customers who were not happy with our delivery performance (COVID Related) and provided a plan to show how we would recover. Updated customers on a weekly basis regarding their shipment status. Developed two new customers that total over $1 million each in annual sales. Annual sales reached over $4 million in last year of work. Developed several new customers to the company.

Account Manager - Norma Group: Auburn Hills, Michigan: 2013 - 2018
Norma is a global manufacturer of Engineered Joining Products. Their major line of business is the quick connectors, worm drive connector, and clamp manufacturing. These parts are used in the automobile, white and general construction industries. Responsible for managing development of new sales and product lines to bring into GM as well as manage existing product sales to GM. Grew GM sales from $2.5 million to over $5 million in my tenure. Grew and managed several large Teir-1 and Tier-2 customers.

Account Manager - Robin Industries: Independence, Ohio (Remote in Detroit): 2010 - 2013
A manufacturer and designer of plastic and rubber molded products for Automotive, Medical and Defense with facilities in North America, Mexico and China. Managed all aspects of automotive customer relations and program management including program identification, quote preparation and presentations to customers in areas of purchasing, engineering, materials, quality and end-user plant personnel. Developed and maintained strategic business relationships with current customers, as well as creating new relationships and growing the customer base. Successfully engaged 35 new customers who are actively soliciting quotations. Closed two large programs valued at approximately $1 million annually respectively.

Account Manager - L&L Products: Romeo Michigan: 1999 – 2010
A global manufacturing company who produces sealing solutions, acoustical baffles, structural reinforcement and adhesive products to the automotive and other industries. Managed entire sales process for GM and Chrysler as well as various Tier-1 customers. Responsible for new business development and relationship management. Created and prepared sales presentations for customers and for L&L management. Effectively negotiated contracts up to $5million annually. Grew the Chrysler account year over year for seven consecutive years. Successfully developed and maintained international customers based in China, Korea, Europe and Mexico (SGM –Shanghai GM, GM Korea, Magna – Austria, Chrysler of Mexico).
Developed and closed $2.5 million in annual sales for PT Cruiser in Mexico, providing justification of L&L Mexico facility. Awarded Chrysler Gold Award for top supplier 2002, 2003, 2005.
Contact this candidate