NAT RATMANSKY
Northbrook, IL ***** 847-***-**** ad5squ@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/ nataliya-ratmansky-6925a78
TALENTED IT PROFESSIONAL WITH BUSINESS APPLICATION, DATABASE, ETL DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT EXPERTISE

A highly motivated and solution-focused professional with 18+ years of experience in managing all aspects of the software development life cycle (SDLC), from initial capture of the requirements through development, testing, delivery, and enchantments.
Proficient in designing, constructing, and managing scalable data pipelines and infrastructure, emphasizing the enhancement of database performance.
Adept in SQL optimization, index tuning, storage and backup monitoring, data transformation, and understanding of database structures, principles, theories, and practices.
Proven ETL Architecture and Design of data aggregation and transformation.
Comprehensive knowledge of multiple computer languages.

WORK EXPERIENCE

CC Vacation LLC (2021 to 2024)
Consultant

Innovated administrative processes by developing new database models and procedural enhancements. These efforts included the implementation of robust performance reporting and analysis capabilities, as well as optimizing invoicing and database tracking functionalities. The initiative led to a notable 25% reduction in manual and administrative workload.
Directed the seamless integration of Data between the OwnerRez and VRBO booking system, ensuring smooth operations and data consistency across platforms.
Provided effective day-to-day operations, including scheduling, and employee management, to ensure consistent service delivery and customer satisfaction.
Cetera Financial Group (2012 to 2021)
Application Development Manager
Successfully managed and provided technical leadership to both onshore and offshore cross-functional teams, coordinating efforts of multiple technical teams.
Directed the acquisition of historical brokerage and direct business transactional data from various data sources. At request wrote complex queries in SQL Server and Oracle based on client custodial and transactional data. Assisted business and technology stakeholders in establishing a data management framework with necessary data quality controls and governance.
Led ETL architecture and design of Account Review/Trade Review Surveillance System. The automated solution supports the compliance monitoring and analysis of account activity and suitability. Acquired custodial data, including accounts, securities, positions, activity, and trades from multiple external data sources.
Established the daily processing of FINRA-registered data reports by creating procedures that utilize REST API and Power Shell for seamless report download. Designed a system capable of parsing and storing XML-registered data in the database, which in turn enabled the creation of personalized using SSRS.
Developed ETL solutions using Informatica, SSIS, T-SQL, PL/SQL, PowerShell, and .Net to incorporate data from different data sources into the main Cetera Financial Services database to allow a single point of access to all relevant data.
Designed scalable databases aimed at minimizing data redundancy, optimizing data restructuring, reducing transaction sizes, and enforcing referential integrity.
Researched new technologies and evaluated them as they fit the team’s objective.

Genworth Financial (2008 to 2012)
Lead Developer

Led architecture, design, and development of Portfolio Advisory Service online financial proposal and Trade Request System, providing a paperless solution to manage proposals, and streamlined tools for increased Financial Advisor’s productivity. The Online Proposal system generates and provides immediate access to Advis’s Clients' completed Proposals, Investment Policy Statement, and Financial Advisor Agreements.
Optimized existing Trade Engine and Money Management Services Windows Workflow .Net application by refactoring codebase and improving performance metrics, enabling successful servicing of over 1600 active IAR.
Provided technical support to developers and consultants to ensure all company standards and procedures were met.

ADDITIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE

Computer Science Corporation
Led programming initiatives, demonstrating expertise in software development and project leadership.

Zurich North America
Served as Programmer Analyst, contributing to software analysis and development projects within the insurance knowledge.

Baxter Healthcare
Developed software solutions to support healthcare operations, showcasing technical proficiency and domain knowledge.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Information Technology
Kyiv National Economics University of Ukraine

PLATFORM / LANGUAGE PROFICIENCIES

SQL Server, Oracle, Toad,, SSIS, SSRS, Informatica Power Center, ETL, Power Shell, Python, T-SQL, PL/SQL, XQuery, VB.NET, C#, ASP.NET, XML, XSL, HTML, REST API, JavaScript, JSON, Node.JS, Crystal Reports, Microsoft Visual Studio .NET, MS Visio, MS Access, VB6, VSS, TFS, GIT, Jira, MS Office Automation, Active Batch

CERTIFICATION

Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) for Microsoft. NET
Microsoft Certified Application Developer (MCAD) for Microsoft .NET
Contact this candidate