JAN MANISERA
** ****** ****
Lake Ariel, PA *****
Email: ad5t44@r.postjobfree.com
Cell: 862-***-****

Career Summary: Environmental sales professional with thirty years, experience in all phases of environmental site remediation, safety, and new business development. Primary concentration: customer service, quality control, profitability, and small business growth management. Two years’ experience in warehouse facilities management.

Comprehensive background: NJDEP/OSHA regulations.
B.S. Degree in Mass Communications, Concentration in Marketing/Advertising, Boston University.
Member of Student Run Advertising Agency- Ad Lab, received publication and paid internship, Boston University.
Exceptional Leadership and Team Building Skills.

Employment:

2022-Present: Chewy, Inc. Jessup, PA
In May 2022, hired as a part time picker at Chewy fulfillment center. Became a fulltime employee after 30 days. Received top picker status in August 2022. Received multiple letters of recommendations from management for accuracy and units per hour with an average pick rate of 285-320. Selected after Interview for SEAL (Safety, Education & Learning), team member. Seal team members are responsible for insuring safety, cross training team members, and new employees. Seal’s also assist with facility tours and special events and are selected based on exceptional work performance, attendance, and skill sets. Received training in Pick 2 Lite, Auto Store, RF Pick, and Pack Hospital. Received certification in November 2022, for the operation of PIT equipment (OP).

Promoted to FC Lead position, June 2023: Responsible for managing a staff of 20 employees, within various warehouse departments with a focus on pick MOD operations. Maintained consistent uninterrupted flow of conveyor routing systems. Focus on staffing busy zones, coordinating maintenance, minimizing down time, and maximizing production to meet daily operational goals. Consistently monitored flow via Korber,Warehouse Management System to optimize pack quality and on time, order fulfillment. Created an uplifting positive work environment for Team Members to thrive, which resulted in top MOD performance status.

2017-2021: Code Environmental, Inc. Carteret, NJ
Hired as outside Business Development Manager for the New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, and Delaware territories. Significantly increased company reach and market share through PowerPoint lunch presentations and in person solicitations offering turn-key environmental contracting services, to environmental consultants, engineers, lawyers, financial institutions, PRP groups, and State/Federal entities. In the first year, Code Environmental hired additional field crews and employees to handle increased business via the fostering of new client relationships. Met and exceeded initial 1.0-million-dollar sales goal by 3.0 million in annual gross revenue. Increased advertising and participation within multiple organizations such as LSRPA, SWEP, ULI, CIANJ, NAWIC etc., Tracked leads, quotes, and new opportunities via daily data management.

2014-2017: SGS Accutest Laboratories. Dayton, NJ
Hired as outside Business Development Manager for Pennsylvania territory. Maintained $4.0 million in new and existing sales accounts. Increased revenue and market awareness in Philadelphia from $20,000 to over $600,000., within first year of employment. Managed five of the company’s top fifty major accounts. Transitioned into New Jersey while maintaining five major accounts in Pennsylvania. Prepared contracts, bid submissions, and proposals for new and existing clients. Cross sold SGS network of companies including, environmental drilling, field services and ultra-trace laboratory testing to new and existing customers. Conducted PowerPoint lunch presentations on company capabilities and technical services. Represented the company at trade shows, CIANJ, LSRPA, NJ/PASWEP, NJ/PA -Brownfield Conventions and EBC roundtable events.

Responsible for training new Business Development Managers.
Implemented a company-wide prospecting strategy to acquire new business in New Jersey, Maryland, Delaware and Pennsylvania.

2011-2013: Cardella Waste Services, Inc. North Bergen, NJ
Internal sales support specialist to outside sales team. Primary responsibilities include establishing sales leads, opportunities and follow up for new business via Sales Force customer data system.

Prepared Statement of Qualifications, contracts, cost estimates and proposals for new and existing clients.
Responsible for obtaining, renewing and managing all DOT container permits for New York-5 Boroughs.
Assisted dispatch office with processing orders and maintaining communication between clients and dispatch scheduling division via Tower Data system.

2006 – 2011: QC Laboratories, Inc. Southampton, PA
Hired to increase laboratory sales within new territories and promote more improved customer service relationships. Improved sales growth, via written and oral communications. Managed 100 accounts, producing annual revenues of $3.2 million. Increased market awareness and introduced new services via prospecting in New Jersey and New York. Gained over $1.5 million increased revenue annually.

2003 – 2006 1998 – 2001: Aqua Pro-Tech Laboratories, Inc. Fairfield, NJ
Business Development:
In first year acquired over 100 new accounts, most generating $50,000 to $100,000 in annual sales. Reached sales goal of $500,000, within initial nine months of employment.
Received Outstanding Sales Award and promotion in 1999. Received Outstanding Customer Service Award 1998.
Improved cash flow through collection of past due accounts averaging $75,000 monthly on sales over $1.5 million.

Customer Service:
Developed sales and marketing materials, price lists, quotations, bid specifications and new client introductory packages for residential, municipal and commercial customers.
Created several new forms and document procedures for site-specific field requests to facilitate data collection by field sampling crews.
Educated management staff on NJDEP Technical Regulations pertaining to clean-up criteria and contingent laboratory analysis.
Prepared submission to perform work for the U.S. Coast Guard and State of NJ DEP.
Received Excellence Award in 2004, for outstanding customer service.

Project Management:
Responsible for tracking the status of in-house samples through the analytical process.
Implemented new and more effective internal operating procedures for management of samples, progress reports and customer service operations.
Developed a Laboratory Environmental Communication Program to address OSHA regulations. Was offered EHS position as a result of preparation for NJDEP audits.
Played a key role in production meetings, contributing suggestions that were implemented for more effective storage of samples, analytical turnaround times and quality control.
Assisted the laboratory in preparing for National Environmental Laboratory Accreditation Program certification.

1990 – 1998 2001 – 2003: Active Tank & Environmental Services, Inc. Newark, NJ
President:
Accepted the position of President, following a prior eight-year term with the company. Responsible for developing internal management controls. Implemented weekly meetings to construct more efficient profit vs. loss strategies. Improved company reputation with regulatory agencies and increased health and safety awareness. Received Occupational Health & Safety Award in 2001 and semi-finalist for Family Business of the Year Award, 2001, as featured in New Jersey Monthly Magazine.

Business Operations:
Joined company during rapid growth stage, implementing changes from a tank cleaning and removal service to a full-scale/turn-key, environmental contracting business.
Created organized system for client files, contracts, field sampling reports and phone logs, which were necessary to document company activities in the event of legal liability.
Preformed preliminary screening of applicants for technical positions within the company.
Prepared and maintained DOT driver inspection/maintenance logs for DOT audits.
Applied for state and local permits to conduct site investigation work.
Handled case load of up to 30 ongoing accounts in different phases of site remediation.
Prepared cost estimates for jobs involving tank removals, tank installations, ground water and soil remediation.
Managed the company’s five largest accounts, each producing annual revenues over $250,000.

Project Management:
Promoted after one year from Field Technician to Project Manager for a family business established in 1932.
Oversaw field crews and prepared reports for remedial activities.
Managed 24-hour spill response team, as well as tank cleaning and tank removal crews.
Prepared ISRA and BUST documents including, tank registrations and closures.
Provided reliable testimony in court cases involving environmental violations.
Subcontracted as Health and Safety Officer for Environmental Compliance & Control, NJ. for year-long hazardous waste clean-up site in Jersey City, NJ. (now-ECC-Horizon, Randolph, NJ).

Public Relations:
Conducted market research, then designed and implemented a mixed media advertising campaign which attracted a substantial amount of new business.
Designed company web site, logo, letterhead and crew uniforms for a more comprehensive professional appearance.
Designed and prepared company Statement of Qualifications.
Coordinated press conferences and interviews about company with: Star Ledger, New York Times, New Jersey Law Journal, 1010 WINS Radio, Home Fuel Merchants Association and The New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection.
Developed numerous contacts with law firms, insurance companies and banks, with focus on property buyer/seller interests relevant to hazardous waste concerns. Acquired over 50% repeat and referral business as a result.

Past Certifications: CPR, 40 Hour OSHA, OSHA Train the Trainer, EMT Haz Mat First Responder Level I, UST Closure and Confined Space Entry.
Contact this candidate