Page * *
Marcia Ryder-O'Donnell
Global Marketing & Sales Manager
ad5t5z@r.postjobfree.com • Wassaic, NY 12592 (Remote) www.linkedin.com/in/marcia-ryder-o-donnell-3231b0142/ • 203-***-**** Dynamic leader with experience in sales, marketing, business development, client relations, account management, and customer service. Known for overseeing sales and business development functions and creating robust marketing/sales strategies to identify new business opportunities and expand international markets. Demonstrated excellence in leading all operations related to sales, marketing, corporate strategy, culture development, business expansion, product development, and market assessment. Recognized for driving business growth through strategic marketing and sales leadership. Skilled in building sales pipelines and delivering customized sales presentations and product demonstrations to acquire new clients. Instrumental in designing innovative products/solutions to improve sales revenue and client satisfaction. Passionate and visionary leader with expertise in building, training, and managing high-performing teams to achieve set goals. Adept at leveraging data analytics and CRM tools to optimize marketing efforts and customer relationship management. Areas of Expertise
• Strategic Marketing & Sales Leadership
• Advertising Campaign Strategy & Execution
• Sales & Business Development Initiatives
• Contract Negotiation & Administration
• Key Account Development & Growth
• Customer Service Excellence
• Market Research & Trend Analysis
• Lead Generation & Conversation
• Territory Management & Growth
• Client Relationships & Partnerships
• Team Training & Leadership
• B2B & B2C Solution Selling
• Inside & Outside Sales
• Data Analytics & ROI Analysis
• Revenue & Profit Optimization
Professional Experience
Mariner Skills, LLC, Wilton, CT.
Global Marketing and Sales Manager
Oct 2020 to Present
Lead comprehensive business development and marketing strategies for SaaS online training provider in maritime industry. Formulate and manage fiscal year budgets for marketing and sales initiatives, with detailed quarterly, monthly, and weekly forecasts. Analyze ROI through Google Analytics and Hotjar to refine marketing efforts and maximize conversions. Cultivate and maintain international/domestic client portfolio through strategic business development practices. Administer Salesforce Sales Cloud and Marketing Cloud with a focus on enhancing sales processes and customer relationship management. Conduct competitive analysis to uphold market-leading position and author significant content for company's website. Organize and steer monthly sales meetings with global director, CEO, and president to foster alignment and collaboration across executive leadership.
● Drove international expansion by establishing new business in Eastern European and Southeast European markets, notably in Greece.
● Created 75% of content for newly launched website with a focus on accelerating brand visibility and user engagement.
● Boosted lead generation and business growth through the development of robust sales strategies and advertising campaigns.
● Managed personal book of business, balancing client acquisition and retention through effective organic growth strategies.
● Developed robust advertising campaigns across digital/print media to ensure alignment with brand guidelines and market demands. Adam Equipment, Oxford, CT.
Regional Sales Manager, North America
Dec 2017 to Oct 2020
Directed comprehensive business development and sales strategies across 16-state territory in North America with a focus on achieving and surpassing fiscal targets. Established strong engagement with C-Level executives in high-stakes negotiations to secure lucrative contracts and promote robust business relationships. Managed daily interactions with distribution and authorized dealers to implement effective sales strategies for significant territory growth. Conducted product demonstrations, led webinars, and provided training on analytical sales products to increase client understanding and engagement. Analyzed market trends for accurate forecasting to ensure strategic alignment with industry movements.
● Exceeded Fiscal 2018 territory performance by 24% through exceptional sales leadership and market penetration skills.
● Attained remarkable quarterly growth in 2019, with Q1 at 26%, Q3 at 41%, and Q4 at 17% based on dynamic market adaptation.
● Acquired the world's largest regional theme park company as client, contributing to $1.3B in revenue.
● Leveraged strong knowledge of HubSpot/CRM tools to streamline sales processes and optimize customer relationship management. Page 2 2
Fairfax Data Systems (IBM Premier Partner), New Milford, CT. National Account Manager
Dec 2014 to Sept 2017
Oct 2016 to Sept 2017
Delivered strategic leadership and encouraged a team of 27 members to attain set goals. Developed and managed diverse portfolio of national accounts to foster strategic partnerships, nurture client relationships, and create revenue streams for leading data systems firm. Analyzed AI and market data to identify trends and opportunities for robust business strategy and innovation in sales approaches. Authored key sections of corporate sales training eBook to augment onboarding process for new hires and promote continuous learning culture. Led the response to RFPs in public/private sectors by utilizing in-depth industry knowledge and close ties within IBM community.
● Directed successful launch of new marketing tools to equip sales team with resources to effectively target and engage prospects.
● Built and launched a $20.1 million solution for RFP Response.
● Sustained client retention and generated new business leads through effective relationships within the IBM network.
● Improved client engagement and drove successful pitch outcomes, underpinned by attainment of 3 IBM Certifications.
● Cultivated personal book of new business and diligently converted leads into viable opportunities as hunter and farmer. Relationship Development & Client Engagement Specialist Dec 2014 to Oct 2016 Spearheaded inside sales initiatives and client engagement strategies for leading data management services provider. Accelerated account manager productivity by securing an average of three qualified appointments per week through diligent cold calling, with 400 dials. Nurtured and expanded professional relationships with IBM personnel to foster business opportunities. Managed comprehensive CRM database to ensure accurate tracking of customer interactions and sales opportunities for targeted marketing efforts. Oversaw seamless execution and follow-up of industry trade shows, increasing corporate visibility and lead generation. Developed and implemented promotional marketing programs to support sales objectives and financial targets. Planned and implemented constant contact email campaigns and crafted compelling themes to optimize lead conversion rates.
● Improved corporate exposure and lead follow-up processes through selection and management of trade shows
● Drove adoption of Asana Project Management tool that streamlined team communication and fostered precise milestone tracking.
● Initiated and headed the creation of marketing content for social media and print to enhance brand presence and engagement. Get Back, Inc., Oakville, CT.
Sales Manager
Dec 2009 to Aug 2014
Formulated and employed comprehensive sales plans to meet and surpass revenue targets and annual sales goals. Managed full sales cycle, from cold calling to closing, and oversaw compliance with domestic and international shipping regulations. Established and strengthened strategic relationships with key accounts, such as Ralph Lauren, Nike, Polo, Under Armour, Levi's, Timberland, and Estee Lauder to achieve client satisfaction and repeat business. Directed and successfully completed complex store design projects with architects and international design firms to deliver high-impact solutions with positive ROI. Coordinated with senior designer, shop manager, and business manager to streamline project management processes and elevate efficiency/product delivery.
● Produced $250K in sales within seven days through the development of sales and marketing plan for TriBeCa Film Festival.
● Facilitated high-profile meetings leading to the prominent feature of Get Back's unique furniture pieces at the TriBeCa Film Festival.
● Designed and disseminated engaging social media collateral to strengthen brand presence and support sales initiatives. Additional Experience:
Client Service Supervisor at Ethan Allen Global, Inc., Danbury, CT. Client Service Representative II at Ethan Allen Global, Inc., Danbury, CT Education & Credentials
Bachelor of Arts in English Language & Literature/Letters, Economics The University at Albany, Albany, NY Associate of Science in Business Administration, Management & Operations SUNY Adirondack, Queensbury, NY Professional Certifications: Mastery Skill: IBM Enterprise Content Management Sales Professional v3 Mastery Skill: IBM Big Data and Analytics Sales Mastery IBM Integrity in Business Partner Relationship Certification Six Sigma/Green Belt Certification. Villanova University (In progress)
Contact this candidate