IJERE COLLINS OBINNA
ARCHITECTURE CONSTRUCTION PROJECT MANAGEMENT
519-***-**** London, ON N6C 5B6 ad5tv4@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Qualified, proactive, skilled Project Manager and Architecture Personnel
Engineering Operations Expert and a Consulting/Construction Management Specialist with more than 15 years of management experience in the architecture and engineering industry
Strong analytical skills and hands-on leadership leading product teams and delivering projects using Agile & Prince2 project management
methodologies.
Skilled in ensuring high-quality deliverables to meet stakeholder’s targets and expectations.
Confident in managing the entire project lifecycle to deliver on time within budget and to the agreed quality specifications.
Recognized as an influential leader who can direct large teams and manage stakeholder expectations.

SKILLS
Architecture
Construction
Project management
Agile methodology
Management Consulting
Stakeholder management
Effective communication skills
Civil Engineering Operations
Supervision
Architectural software

Tools - Microsoft Suite, Primavera P6, Ms. Project, WBS, Raid Log, Archicad, Jira

CAREER EXPERIENCES

Almond Media Limited London, United Kingdom Jan 2022 – Till date
Project Manager (contract)
Defined and reviewed the project deliverables, as well as their technical and quality strategies, benefits, and their implementation plan.
Used Hybrid methodologies of PRINCE2 and AGILE SCRUM to deliver the E-commerce project
Developed strategies and plans to effectively manage all stakeholders' expectations.
Breaking down user requirements into useful points that suppliers, developers, and project teams can understand.
Maintaining Project plans and Risk Management through MS Projects
Created Process and Workflow maps and backlogs on Jira using the acceptance criteria
Updated the RAID log to identify, manage and recommended action to mitigate risk

Consultant Architect /Project manager August 2018 – Sept 2022
Raw Energy Project Limited Nigeria
Liaising with the client to elucidate job requirements, as needed.
Gathering the materials needed to complete the assignment.
Overseeing the assignment, from inception to completion.
Tailoring approach to work to suit the job specifications, as required.
Communicating assignment-related issues with the client as soon as they arise.
Ensuring that assignments are completed according to stipulated requirements.
Finalizing tasks by predetermined deadlines.
Organize, direct and control activities on the job site.
Achieve project schedule milestones, corrective action where necessary to meet key milestone dates.

Consultant Architect Partner May 2014 – Jan 2018
Biggstruct Engineering Services Nigeria Limited
Design aesthetically pleasing and highly functional buildings and landscapes
Provide technically competent and aesthetically sensitivity solutions suitable to physical, social, and cultural environments
Offer technical knowledge to ensure projects are designed to provide sustainability
Create purposeful spaces that meet health and safety concerns
Provide solutions that accommodate budgets without compromising goals
Turn ideas into tangible structures that meet the needs of clients and their communities.

PROJECTS

ALMOND MEDIA LIMITED – 2022, Web development project Smart ride 006 Uk.
RAW ENERGY PROJECTS LIMITED - 2018/2019: Pre /post consultancy and construction of national open University study center 2,000 capacity in Ezeoke/Ehime mbano LGA, Imo state, Nigeria
RAW ENERGY PROJECTS LIMITED - 2019/2020: Pre/post consultancy and construction of national open University (incubation center and modern laboratory Umuzeala Nsu Ehime mbano LGA, Imo state, Nigeria
BIGGSTRUCT ENGINEERING SERVICES - Completion of fencing of national laboratory for department for petroleum resources. Owerri, Nigeria (June– Dec 2014).

EDUCATION
Masters of Science, Architecture 2004
Abia State University, Uturu, Nigeria

Bachelor of Science, Architecture 2002
Abia State University, Uturu, Nigeria
CERTIFICATION
Project Management Professional (PMP®) 2024
Certified Scrum Master (CSM®) 2022
Project Management and Business Analysis PRINCE2® and Agile Course 2021
Contact this candidate