Elizabeth Compton
Crouse, NC ***** 828-***-**** ad5vr3@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Highly effective project manager supporting development and construction of Institutional and multi-type housing. Personable professional with a robust background in community-based development, cross agency collaboration and financial and strategic oversight. With over 15 years of experience in design, real-estate and construction in the nonprofit and for-profit sectors, I lead with experience and exceptional resourcefulness.

Core Strengths & Knowledge

Strategic Project Development Asset Management Hiring & Training Multi-State Portfolio Management
Partner & Vendor Cultivation Operations and Logistics ARB Plan Review Contractor Bids & Oversight

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
NCSSM – North Carolina School for Science and Mathematics, Morganton, NC working on campus renovation and new builds.
August 2023 to Present (Contracted employee) managing the General Contractors and small project companies across the entire campus.
Project Manager Currently the school lead for Jeter Hall, Joiner Hall renovations as well as SWAC, Student Wellness and Activity Center new construction. Project Manager working with the Director of Capital Projects and the Vice-Chancellor to create an energized STEM environment for the students. Upfits for the Fabrication and Science Labs to SHPO preservation renovations and new construction of campus buildings.

RCD Construction, Boone, NC working with a custom mountain terrain builder with unique designs and luxurious amenities.
March 2022 to August 2023 building within the gated community of the Blue Ridge Mountain Club. BRMC offers owners the best of both worlds—nature in its unadorned beauty, accentuated by premier comfort and conveniences.
Project Manager Customer facing, responsible for timelines, inspections, customer originated change orders, pay apps and Club interaction. From footing layout to final homeowner walk through, management of every detail. Ensure all BRMC and customer requests are satisfied during construction.
June 2021 to March 2022, working at the Magnolia Cove Development, 80 single family lake home sites, build custom homes with unique designs and affordable luxury.
Project and Scheduling Manager Alongside the company owner and serving as mentor to newer employees, manage contractors, service companies and specialty installers. Schedule each trade for time management and progress. Inspect to assure quality and proper installations. Work closely with county and city inspectors. Facilitate the new owner orientation walk through and home transition to the family.

Affinity Living Group – Agemark Development, Hickory, NC June 2018 to June 2021 Affinity Living Group provides assisted living and memory care services to residents throughout the southeast, providing value-driven, cost-conscious senior housing services.
Project Development Manager Reporting to the VP of Development, serve as the senior-most of three Project Development Managers providing counsel and guidance to them. Responsible for large-scale community projects and renovations. This 125-building portfolio grows with the frequent addition of several acquisitions and new builds. Manage General Contractors, Service companies and specialty installers. Assure quality and proper installations while adhering to state and local building codes.

Lowe’s Corporate Offices, Wilkesboro, NC February 2017 to June 2018 Lowe’s is well known big box retailer with services including the design and installation of custom kitchens and bathrooms.
Project Manager After the sale management, maintain communication with customers, general contractors, vendors and Lowe’s stores to coordinate all aspects of scheduling, deliveries and timeline management. Assure quality of proper installation and adherence to local building codes.
Elizabeth Compton
Crouse, NC 28033 828-***-**** ad5vr3@r.postjobfree.com

Covenant Housing Corp. of CNY, Syracuse, NY March 2012 to February 2017 Covenant Housing Corp. of Central NY was launched in 1999 to provide the development and opening of safe and affordable housing options for low income households and individuals with disabilities.
Project & Property Manager Responsible for project design and buildout, grant and construction management for Assistive Technology Program, per NYS contract for accessibility modifications to homes and vehicles for people with disabilities. Asset management of $2.1 million affordable housing portfolio and property maintenance of 35 units of affordable housing on scattered sites. Inspect properties for necessary repairs and improvements, assist in developing budgets, maintain tenant and vendor relationships.

Apple Valley Builders, LaFayette, NY January 2005 to March 2012 Apple Valley Builders offers a full line of building and renovation services. AVB incorporates the latest innovations to meet or exceed Green Building standards.
Project Development and Management Develop plans and scopes of work for residential & light commercial renovation projects. Manage workforce of 3 employees and multiple subcontractors. Assist with estimating and purchasing. Complete renovations, including window & door installation, insulation, demolition & small excavation equipment operation.

Micryhol Digital Affect, LaFayette, NY January 2000 to March 2005 MDA was a company born from a need for local, professional custom imaging services. MDA provided photo and video manipulation and preservation, and commercial photography for real estate. With the hallmark of commitment to customer service excellence, MDA used cutting edge technology in new and innovative ways.
Owner / Manager Established and grew small real estate marketing company to provide InFocus360, a digital media tool, to realtors and home sellers. Marketed service and product to realtors and their clients, provided all photographic services and business administration including estimating, budgeting and invoicing.

Industrial Color Labs, Syracuse, NY September 2001 to December 2004 Industrial Color Labs, established over50 years ago, provides quality photo printing, restoration, digital imaging and video services, using high-tech processes to improve visual products.
Computer artist providing editing of digital media, as well as, digitizing and restoration of print media and film. Provided direct customer service for film, print and digital media clients.

American Tower, Inc., Syracuse, NY August 2000 to August 2001 ATI is one of the largest global Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs), and is a leading independent owner, operator, and developer of wireless and broadcast communications real estate.
Site Acquisition Assistant Prepared site acquisition detail information and GPS topographical maps and local zoning board documents for the development team. Prepared FAA paperwork for the approval of tower heights.

EDUCATION
Onondaga Community College, Syracuse, NY
Associates Degree in Applied Science, Major: Architectural Technology
Certification in Web Technology
Environmental Protection Agency Lead Renovate Repair Paint-Certified (lapsed)
Contact this candidate