Luis Magana. EE
Business Development Project Manager Wireless Technology Expert
+1-443-***-**** Annapolis, MD, USA ad5vc6@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/luis-magana-6718211/ Professional Summary
Versatile and dynamic results-oriented Engineer professional with 25+ years of experience in the wireless industry. Proven track record of developing strategic relationships, leading cross-functional teams, and driving successful project outcomes. Engineering expertise and customer-focused approach to drive revenue for a forward-thinking organization. Key Skills
Customer Relationships.
100% Spanish and English.
Business Development.
Key Account Management.
Project Management.
Customer Onboarding.
Wireless technologies.
Customer relationship builder.
Highly Adaptive.
Event Operations.
Client Retention.
Committed Collaborator.
Vendor Relationships.
RFP process navigation.
Professional Experience
Business Development Manager. ELEMENT Materials Technology. Maryland, USA (2020-Present)
Developed strategic relationships with large companies like Microsoft, Sony, Motorola, Telit, Ublox (KAM) Key Account Manager to arrange meetings, provide quotations, test schedules for 5G Regulatory, Conformance, Protocol, OTA CTIA, PTCRB, GMA and VZW, T-Mobile, AT&T, Dish approvals testing. Generating $2 million in revenue.
Scheduled and scoped wireless projects certification collaborating with cross-functional teams. 10% efficiency in processes.
Attend trade shows (MWC Barcelona, MWC Americas, CTIA, CES, Sun Power International) for new customer acquisition.
Manage sales cycle from prospect to closing independently, discuss progress with management and develop solutions to improve closing ratio.
Manage day-to-day operational duties (manage and track sales lead flow, manage and maintain CRM database, report weekly activities and accomplishments, etc.)
Technical Project Manager ELEMENT Materials Technology. Maryland, USA (2010-2020)
Handled all customer’s needs for IoT Verizon Wireless (VZW) certification through the full life cycle of a project. Including quote generation, lab scheduling across multiple departments, project/status updates, liaison between engineering staff and clients for troubleshooting efforts and debugging, test report generation, and invoicing.
GCF vice-Chair of CAG2 (2014-2016) and GCF IoT WG vice-chair (2018-2023).
Developed and managed LTE testing on the Rhode & Schwarz TS8980 System, Anritsu RF ME7873L and Protocol ME7834L RTD, Anite 9000 Protocol systems.
Tested 3GPP 36.521-1, 36.521-3 and 36.523-1 for VZW LTE, PTCRB and GCF test plans.
Qualcomm tools to manage and support our customer requests including NV items changing, QXDM logs, EFS explorer items.
Prepared Audits for our LTE/IoT certification for VZW and A2LA ISO 17025.
Managed all upgrades and acted as a liaison for Test Equipment vendors.
Trained new engineers and interns for testing on LTE and CDMA Test equipment with Qualcomm tools, and AT commands for better use of TE-device interface and automation.
Participated on CBRS, GCF CAG2, GCF CAG, technical groups. Project Test Manager PCTEST Engineering Laboratory. Maryland, USA (2004-2010)
Tested numerous wireless devices for the following test types: CCF certification (3GPP2 standards), VZW Open Development (OD), Verizon Safe for Network (SFN), CTIA Over-The-Air antenna, Specific Absoption Rate (SAR), Hearing Aid Compatibility (HAC).
Approved CEVO (CCF Evaluation Organization) capable of validating wireless platforms to be approved to use for CCF and was a Subject Matter Expert (SME) for CCF.
Worked with many major manufacturers in helping to resolve technical issues and improve certification processes.
Participated on CTIA, CCF, and SAR Technical working groups.
Involved in develop new tests cases to get approval as a certified laboratory for carriers. System and Field test Engineer Motorola, USA.
Technical Account Manager for VZW Motorola, USA.
Education:
BS in Electrical Engineering. ITESO (Southwest Superior Studies Technological Institute) the Jesuit University of Guadalajara, MX.
Contact this candidate