C. ERIC LEONETTI
St. Augustine, FL ***** 904-***-**** ad5wll@r.postjobfree.com www.linked.com/in/celeonetti
OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT LEADERSHIP

Result-Driven strategic General Manager with 15+ years of evaluating processes and implementing solutions to drive revenue, process efficiency, and staff productivity. Proven experience in business operations, fiscal management, and resource allocation.

Areas of Expertise
Operations Management Strategic Planning Environmental Health and Safety KPI Management
Six Sigma Lean P&L Management Sales and Marketing Consulting Training & Development Process Improvement

WORK EXPERIENCE
Mr. Rooter Plumbing Jacksonville, St Augustine, Daytona, Melbourne, FL August 2020 – Present
GENERAL MANAGER
Daily management of four franchise service plumbing businesses, by overseeing customer and field service operations, human resources, sales management, safety, P&L. Increasing operational productivity and efficiency.
Oversees a support staff of 3 department managers, a service team of 20+ plumbing service technicians, an in-house dedicated call and dispatch center.
Developed initial budget, P&L reporting structure and established KPIs. Added nine plumbing technicians in the initial eight months, updated existing vehicle fleet and equipment, planned acquisition of new vehicles. In a safety-first environment.
Led cultural change by enforcing new policies and procedures leading to a saving of 10% in material cost.
Drove profit by 110% in first 1 year, leading to a total of $3.3M in annual revenue, grew profit margin 20%.
Profit doubled from year one to year two with a top line growth 34% to $4.3+ M in sales.
Executed new revenue streams by forging a stocking partnership with a water condition and filter company, also adding sewer pipe re-lining to our offerings. Anticipate gross earnings to exceed $5M in fiscal 2024 with a profit margin to exceed planned 15%.

Wallenius Wilhelmsen Logistics Jacksonville, FL Jan. 2020 – August 2020
OPERATIONS MANAGER
Operation management of a vehicle process business for import and export of automobiles for customers including Nissan, Mercedes, and Ford Motor Companies.
Responsible for management of six direct reports and over 120 team members on two shifts. Fiscal responsibility for a ninety acres storage facility with as many as nine thousand vehicles and two processing facilities.
Worked with Regional VP to re-establish discipline to policy and procedure.
Received a grade of 4.2 out of five in the initial “State of Health” audit by Nissan Motors, an increase of one full point for the prior year.
Maintained morale and productivity through business downturn due to Covid 19, managed furlough of 80% of the workforce as dictated by corporate while driving productivity in an essential maritime industry.

Wind River Environmental, DBA Metro Rooter Plumbing Jacksonville, FL Jan. 2018 – August 2019
GENERAL OPERATIONS MANAGER
Managing all areas of business including personnel management, customer service, sales management, safety, P&L, and accounting.
Oversees a service team of 50+ plumbers, pump truck technicians and service technicians as well as a support staff of 4 department managers, call center, dispatch, and customer service divisions.
Restructured organization after purchased by private equity lead holding company, led cultural change by enforcing new policies, procedures and implementing automated work order process and billing systems.
Drove profit by 12.4% in the first year, leading to a total of $12M in annual revenue, grew profit margin from 25% to 30%.
Decreased OSHA reportable injuries by 80% and reduced lost time by 90%+ because of establishing visual safety protocols, providing monthly safety training, and rewarding the team for positive performance ratings.

Metal Sales and Manufacturing Corporation Jacksonville, FL Jan. 2013 – Jan. 2018
GENERAL MANAGER
Implemented marketing and customer service methods to grow sales and expand our customer base.
Supervised staff of 3 Supervisors, leading safety, and operational initiatives, directed team of thirty-three members.
Managed P&L, logistics, and budget development.
Grew sales by 20.5% in first full year with ROI of 25%+ to owners through re-organizing inside sales and service teams, setting new pricing structures, and initiating new set of “key performance indicators” to allow for tracking and adjustments, rebuilt gross profit margins from 21% to 36.5%+ in 18 months without losing market share.
Spearheaded safety initiatives, leading to zero reported injuries or lost time injuries in 4 years, facilitated daily safety meetings, provided rewards, and initiated 5S standards and lean principles into production teamwork foundation.
Increased inventory turns by 15% while decreasing aged inventory by 15% annually.

North Coast Resource Development LLC Cleveland, OH Jan. 2006 – Jan. 2013
GENERAL MANAGER/MANAGING PARTNER
Delivered business development consultative services to companies within franchising, light manufacturing, distribution/logistics, developmental oil, natural gas, and mining exploration sectors.
Built capital acquisition, marketing, and public relation strategies.
Upheld high standard of consistency, authoring company job descriptions, policies, procedures, and training program.
Trained top-down buy-in and integration of Six Sigma, 5S, Total Quality and Safety Program philosophies, resulting in up to 35% operational savings and increased job satisfaction.
Enabled drive in capital acquisition to over $25M for product and/or asset operation expansion or purchase because of designing persuasive business and strategic plans for companies, influenced executive level decisions through created plans.
Counseled acquisition team in vetting and qualifying coal mining operation, allowing mining asset estimated market value of $150M, resulted in company’s ability to announce its first operating asset.

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
BACHELOR OF ARTS, COMMUNICATIONS & MARKETING University of Wisconsin Madison, Wisconsin
ISO INTERNAL AUDITOR SRI Quality System Registrar Inc
Six Sigma Green Belt Certification, Kent State University
OSHA 30 Certified
Contact this candidate