Joseph M. Ruth ad5x65@r.postjobfree.com
linkedIn.com/in/joeruth 407-***-**** Conroe, TX
OVERVIEW: Dynamic thought leader, and highly accomplished/award-winning Automotive General Manager with 25+ years of productive experience in the automotive industry, delivering proven high-impact growth and sales acceleration to transform businesses, reaching multi-million-dollar revenue increases through impactful leadership and direction to boost profitability. Draw upon industry expertise, practical experience, knowledge, and training in effectively managing diverse tasks, with varying degrees of complexity in automotive consulting and business development, within a wide range of automotive environments. Relied upon for professional ability in evaluating business situations, assessing emergent needs, and implementing solutions in a prompt and efficient/effective manner. Adept at facilitating improved automotive business operations to enhance and achieve key goals within a progressive organization. Willing to relocate 100%.
SUMMARY: Automotive Consulting/Business Development Highly experienced in assessing true needs and expectations while implementing new initiatives on process improvement and strategic initiatives to drive business and operational goals. Execute strategic initiatives to further mission and enhance profitability through practice innovation. Ambitious professional who’s well versed in balancing priorities, implementing risk controls, and driving corporate objectives. Growth & Revenue Generations Passionate about driving best practices in analyzing market opportunities, developing new business initiatives, building collaborative business partnerships, meeting aggressive sales goals, driving strong profit margin, & recommending growth solutions to support mission/vision and achieve organizational goals. Leverage customer value assessments and data insight to drive alignment with organizational long-term goals. Proven track record of adhering to strict quality standards, skilled in driving and implementing revenue maximization initiatives.
Process Streamlining Proven track records of increasing productivity, efficiency, and profit through implementation of tailored financing products and solutions. Relied upon for customer engagement and community relations to meet sales targets, exceed business results, and exceed client expectations. Deliver process improvement and ensure regulatory compliance in alignment with organizational long-term goals and objectives. Automotive Business Leadership Support mission while enhancing mutually beneficial outcomes that meet targets and facilitate business expansion. Have a demonstrated track record of outstanding performance, a calm, dependable professional who devotes every effort to deliver key results. Regarded as hands-on leader managing cross-functional teams and collaborating with senior staff to enhance key programs with attention to ethics, equity, and inclusive practices. KNOWLEDGE • Business Operations Mgmt.•VolumeAcceleration • Automotive Business Leadership
& EXPERTISE: • High-Level Negotiations • Sales Cycle Execution • Innovative/Creative Thinking
• Transformational Initiativ. • Employee Retention • Revenue & Market Share Growth
• Strategic Communications • Subject Matter Expertise • Cross-functional Collaboration
• Continuous Improvement • Business Analytics/Repo.• Team Development & Management PROFESSIONAL AUTOMOTIVE DEALERSHIP MANAGEMENT CONSULTING 2019 to Present EXPERIENCE: Consultant/General Manager Houston, TX
• Consult nationwide dealers on a proven approach to turn their businesses around and achieve profitability, implementing processes, and strategies to execute growth. Highlights Consistently maximize profit and growth for clients, ensuring employee retention and positive morale to improve workplace culture.
Oversee monthly financials and provide dealership management with strategies to improve accuracy, profit, and create a course of action.
Develop customer engagement strategies that can drive sales growth while working closely with the Go-To-Market teams.
Provide strategic consulting on issues and best practices related to the long-term sustainability of the automotive dealership management. GALLES CHEVROLET COMPANY 2013 to 2018
Certified General Manager Albuquerque, NM
• Managed and directed 160+ employees and oversaw an annual budget of $9.0M while leading all operations, including Sales, Service, Fixed Operations, Parts, HR, Accounting/Billing, Finance, and Facilities.
• Developed a shared vision culture through innovative team building, drastically improving the culture and decreasing turnover from 200% to less than 10%. Highlights Transformed the organization from selling 100 cars a month and losing $1M annually to selling 350 units and increasing net profit to $5M+.
Achieved #1 New Chevrolet Dealer in the Rocky Mountain Zone (NM, CO, WY, UT) out of 51 dealers, previously, the dealership had not made it to the top 20 rankings.
Coached, mentored, and developed high-performing sales teams to capitalize on highly targeted engagements with customers.
~ Continued on Page Two ~
Joseph M. Ruth Page Two
PROFESSIONAL GALLES CHEVROLET COMPANY
EXPERIENCE: Certified General Manager (Continued)... Highlights Accelerated growth in the 1st year leading to ranking at the top automotive dealership in New Mexico for new vehicle sales, driving the ranking up from 6th place for the first time in dealer history.
Utilized strategic leadership and sales delivery to transform the sales operations, executing the highest sales improvement for 5 consecutive years while improving processes, implementing SOPs, and ensuring optimized operations.
Recognized as the only dealership in the entire zone to receive Legion of Leaders (out of 51 dealerships) 7 years in a row.
LOWE TOYOTA 2008 to 2013
General Manager – Toyota Certified (SET) Warner Robins, GA
• Coordinated 110+ employees with less than 10% turnover rate, implementing business development strategies to ensure customer value, optimize operations, competitive analysis, and providing a future-state vision to drive growth. Highlights Repositioned operations from a $1M loss to a $4M profit within 12 months, stocking more vehicles for a brand-new state of the art dealership and driving sales from 100 units to 370 units a month (increasing market share from 15% to 36%).
Established the largest Toyota Rent a Car (TRAC) operation in the U.S. with 330 units in service, increasing business by advertising “Try me before you buy me” and owned the insurance replacement business reaching number 1 in the country with 90%+ utilization.
Generated a 400% improvement in dealership performance and maintained exceptional performance quotas while managing complex and consultative sales cycles, ensuring a customer-focused operation.
Played an integral role in driving the ranking of the organization from #20 to #3 in Georgia, as well as ranking in the top 50 dealerships nationwide (up from #220). NISSAN OF THE EASTSIDE 2005 to 2008
General Manager – Nissan Certified Bellevue, WA
• Opened a new Nissan point in Bellevue, WA as a 90-day consultant project, however, due to impactful management and strategic direction, stayed on for 3.5 years as a General Manager. Highlights Led 90 employees in the new facility, utilizing strategic leadership and sales approaches to reach #1 in the western region for Nissan.
BILL HEARD CHEVROLET 1996 to 2005
Multi-Store General Manager Sanford & Plant City, FL
• Spearheaded the growth strategy for the start-up dealerships in Sanford, FL and Plant City, FL, including building, facilitating business plans, and training/coaching sales operations to grow into the top 3 volume Chevrolet Dealership in the US. Highlights Executed sales improvements in Orlando from 1440 new and pre-owned units to 17K+ retail units, driving net profits to over $18M+ annually through strategic leadership and proven direction.
Contributed immensely to the growth and success of the dealership, including growing the business from 20 employees to 450 employees, ensuring appropriate training to influence high-level sustainable success.
Influenced consistent training from management for 450 employees ultimately reaching #2 in the Country for Chevrolet out of 6450 Chevrolet Dealers.
Developed one of the 1st Business Developed Centers in the Country with over 35 Team members.
EDUCATION: GENERAL MOTORS DEALER ACADEMY Warren, MI Dealership Management, Dealer Operations Management Conferred CERTIFICATIONS: • Toyota Motor Corporation – Toyota Certified General Manager
• Nissan Motor Corporation – Nissan Certified General Manager
• General Motors – Chevrolet Certified General Manager AWARDS: • Legion of Leaders Award (Chevrolet)
• President’s Award (Toyota)
• Award of Excellence (Nissan)
Contact this candidate