EVANS NAKOJA PIDAN ǀ FINANCE/ADMINISTRATOR
Postal Address: P.O.BOX 3437 CANTOMENTS
Date of Birth: 27TH SEPTEMBER, 1993
Telephone: 054*******/054*******
Email: ad5x4k@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

I aspire to team up with an organization that reflects competitive standards, social values and
self-actualization in order to enable me develop my innovative skills and apply my background
in attainment of organization’s goals and aims whilst impacting positively on the activities of
the firm to it desired level of achievement. As a certified professional, I bring with me a
satisfactory quality ability to help improve productivity and the level of customer base of this
highly esteemed company. Driven to work with key stakeholders to drive business development
and ensure overall company success.
Good financial management, administrative systems, innovation, growth and quality customer
service are my prime focus, and I am quite familiar with the intensity of competition in the
industry in which this great organization operates. Team work and idea sharing helps me solve
problems very easily.

CORE SKILLS

a. Finance manager and Administrator for Beatorts Services Ltd, La Tv Ltd, Jenca Natural
Mineral Water, Sabfag Services And Dohbekg Services.
b. Development of Strategies and Business Plans
c. Thorough knowledge of market changes and forces that influence growth of an
organization
d. Knowledge in Corporate Finance and Measures of Performance
e. Knowledge in Corporate Law and Management Best Practices
f. Excellent organizational and Leadership Skills
g. Excellent Communication, Interpersonal and Presentation Skills
h. Outstanding Analytical and Problem Solving Abilities
i. Key Stakeholders Management

1 Page
CAREER SUMMARY

Aug. 2018 – Present BEATORTS SERVICES LTD, LA TV LTD, JENCA NATURAL MINERAL
WATER, SABFAG SERVICES AND DOHBEKG SERVICES
Position: Finance and Administrator
OUTLINE
Leading the team in revenue, growth and strategy, I develop the company’s strategies and
provides strategic advice to the various organizational leaders that helps the company achieve
its goals and even exceed its annual target.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES
a. Developing and executing the company’s business strategies in order to attain the goals
of the board and shareholders.
b. Providing strategic advice to the board so that they will have accurate view of the
market and the company’s future
c. Preparing and implementing comprehensive business plans to facilitate achievement
through cost-effective operation planning and market development activities
d. Ensures the company’s policies and legal guidelines regarding finance and
administration are well communicated and followed at all times
e. Communicates and maintain trust relationship with shareholders, stakeholders and
authorities
f. Oversees the company’s financial performance, investments and other business
ventures
g. Delegates responsibilities and supervises the work of subordinates by providing
guidance and motivation to drive maximum performance
h. Reads all submitted reports by subordinates to reward performance, prevent issues and
resolve problems
i. Acts as the public speaker and public relations representative of the company in ways
that strengthen its profile
j. Analyzes problematic situations and occurrences and provide solutions to ensure the
company’s survival and growth
KEY ACHIEVEMENTS
a. Driving company’s growth by 45% after the COVID -19
b. Establishes two subsidiaries (La Tv Ltd And Jenca Natural Mineral Water) and they are
operating successfully
c. Always financing the company with the internal generated funds without going to
borrow from external bodies

2 Page
d. Rising above competition through increased revenue

April, 2018-Dec 2019 BEATORTS SERVICES LIMITED
Position: National Service Personnel – Accounts and Administration

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES
a. Receiving, recording and payment of cheques and other accounting information
b. Preparation of payroll and payment of salaries
c. Preparation and submission of invoices for payment
d. Filling VAT and other Tax obligations
e. Manages the daily/weekly/monthly agenda and arranges new meetings and
appointments
f. Prepares and disseminates correspondence, memos, and forms
g. Filing and updates contact information of all employees, customers, suppliers and other
external partners
h. Supporting and facilitating the completion of regular reports
i. Develops and maintain filing system
j. Checks frequently the levels of office supplies and place appropriate orders
k. Makes travel arrangements
l. Documentation of expenses and hand in reports
m. Undertakes occasional receptionist duties

3 Page
January 2016 – 2017 CAMBRIDGE INTERNATIONAL COLLEGE
Position: Chairman of the Board of Trustee and Chairman for SRC Auditing Board

OUTLINE
Leading as the chairman of the trustee and auditing, I worked closely with the school
authorities and SRC executives to ensure accurate, transparent and judicious use of funds.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES
a. Coaching, supporting and mentoring all activities of the SRC.
b. Liaise with the dean of student to ensure SRC provided with sound governance, fiduciary
and strategic oversight.
c. Oversees the operations of the SRC, ensuring that students’ trust is upheld, the mission
addresses students’ needs, the practices are ethical and legal requirements are met.
d. Assuring the financial integrity and solvency of the council and establishing procedures
to safeguard the council from fraud and risk
e. Auditing and reviewing the SRC’s financial reports and other critical information on
regular interval, exercising independent judgement requesting information needed for
good decision making to ensure the financial reports are free from material
misstatement.
f. Fostering cordial relationship between the students and the school authorities
g. Holding quarterly and annual meeting with student board and the school administration
h. Serving as the intermediary for the students and the school administration
i. Taking accountability for the team and their successes and any obstacles that arise.

KEY ACHIEVEMENTS
a. Created an avenue where students’ have their problems solved
b. Created a strong bond between the students and the school administration
c. Established a system for monitoring accuracy and transparency of students’ funds

4 Page
January 2014 – 2016 FIRST WATCH SECURITY SERVICES LIMITED
Position: Intelligence Officer

OUTLINE
As the intelligence officer I ensure the safety and security of all assets and valuables under my
jurisdiction and assists in the formulation and development of security systems.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES
a. Ensuring provision of optimal level of customer service for all products and maintain
accountability of all activities and actions performed
b. Analyze and recommend innovative solutions for all issues and perform work in
partnership with internal team
c. Monitor efficient working of defence intelligence team and coordinate with collectors to
evaluate all technical enhancements to program and integrate various technologies to
operation
d. Administer all sensitive data projects and ensure completion according to customer
requirements and monitor all intelligence activities to provide support to various unit
operations.
e. Administer various unit intelligence mobility programs and ensure compliance to all
program policies and procedures.

KEY ACHIEVEMENTS
f. Assisted in the development of growth strategy which led to the development and
expansion of the company’s portfolio
g. Assisted the research and development team to ascertained the exact services needed
by customer and thereby increased the number of customers beyond expectation
h. Established a system for monitoring and evaluation of performance

5 Page
January 2014 – 2015 JVC CONSTRUCTION LIMITED
Position: Storekeeper

OUTLINE
Keeping, monitoring, safeguarding, distribution, ordering and reordering of stocks for
production and proper records keeping of stocks.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES
i. Placing orders, receiving, storing, safeguarding, maintaining and disburse stocks
j. Ensure that inventory count is adequate, cost effective and accurate
k. Determine stocking levels and reorder points and identifies obsolescence
l. Order inventory as necessary to maintain stocking levels
m. Receiving inventory appropriately.

KEY ACHIEVEMENTS
n. Have maintained accurate stock level throughout the years
o. Have accurately disbursed stocks without deficiency
p. Established transparent records

6 Page
OTHER CARREER EXPERINCE

January 2021 – Present THE CHURCH OF EBENEZER
Position: Head Pastor and Co- Funder

OUTLINE
Administering the divine service of God as an Apostle of Jesus Christ
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES
a. Serving as the head pastor of the church
b. Fostering the church administration
c. Exercising leadership role as the priest of God
d. Leading evangelism team and officiating ceremonies
e. Planning and coordinating church activities

KEY ACHIEVEMENTS
f. Ensures peace and stability in the community and among families
g. Ensures complete understanding of the Gospel
h. Reconciling human being to God through the Gospel of Christ
i. Developed strategic plans for development and expansion of the church

7 Page
EDUCATION

BSC. Business Administration (Management Studies) Awaiting result Present
Institute of Commercial Management (ICM) – UK

Higher National Diploma in Finance and Administration 2018
Cambridge International College – UK

Diploma in Strategic Management – ICM 2018

Diploma in Marketing Management - ICM 2018

Diploma in Cost Accounting – ICM 2018

Diploma in Customer Service – ICM 2018

Diploma in Advance Study of Theory and Management Practices – Cambridge 2018

Diploma in Financial Management – Cambridge 2018

Diploma in Accounting and Finance –Cambridge 2018

Diploma. Theology
Webbic Ministerial Fellowship of Clergies - USA 2021

West Africa Education Certificate Examination (Business) 2013
Great Lamptey Mills Senior High School -Accra

SEMINARS ATTENDED

a. Higher Flyers – Cambridge International College 2020
b. Poverty to Riches, Power of Networking 2019
c. Challenging the Status Quo – Crown Star College 2018

HOBBIES

a. Research and Reading
b. Traveling
c. Playing and Watching of Football

8 Page
REFERENCE

Mr. George Kofi Biney (Principal of Cambridge International College Ghana charter)
Telephone: +233*********
Chairman (CEO of Watch Security Services Limited)
Telephone: +233*********
Mrs. Beatrice A.O Torto (Managing Director of Beatorts Services Limited)
Telephne: +233*********

9 Page
Contact this candidate