CURRICULUM VITAE

Name: JIMMY HANGOMA
Nationality: Zambian
Age: 37 Years
Sex: Male C/o NWK Agri-Services
Email: ad5z69@r.postjobfree.com P O Box 830195, Mumbwa.
Cell: +260-*********
Cell: +260-********
PROFILE
12 years of work experience in Agribusiness, Cotton industry, mechanization and NGO
Have got the management and business development skills.
Knowledge of Agri -crop, Agrichemicals, Seed inspection, tractors, and assertive skills.
Certification in seed control and advanced certificate in tobacco management.
Able to work on own initiative, prioritize work, handle pressure in a fast-paced work environment.
Being able to work on a remote set up with a stable internet connection
Have excellent communication and inter personal skills.
Community leader
Team Player
Outside the box thinker.
Excellent negotiation, teaching/training, and problem-solving skills.
A holder of a class AC1 driver’s license

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
I hold a Degree in Crop Science with Rockview University
August 2019 to April 2023.

WORK EXPERIENCE

GENERAL MANAGER – Mumbwa Farmers Ginning and Pressing Company Limited. Up to date

Duties and Responsibilities
Day to day management of the Ginnery and staff to ensure plant availability, efficient and high levels of productivity.

Ensure a safe work environment by implementing and enforcing company health and safety policy and standards
Production and Quality control of cotton lint and other related by products
Improving efficiency and increasing departmental profits while managing the company’s overall operation
Design strategy and set goals for growth
Control budgets and optimize expenses
Evaluate and improve operations and financial performance
Preparation of ginnery budget and timely requisition of spares
Monitoring all plant support equipment to ensure it is in good working order
Planning for modifications of the plant to enhance efficiency
Monitoring and receiving all production reports for the plant
Set policies and processes
Application for all regulatory licenses to ensure legal compliance
General staff planning to ensure optimum staff level all the times
Daily management to ensure targets are met.

Field Officer at Caritas Czech Republic 2019 up 2021

1.supports and assists the, Health and Nutrition Officer
2.Ensure implementation of day-to-day project activities according to the Project document. The activities include mainly but not solely the following:
a.Identification, selection and mobilization of small-scale farmers and cooperatives in targeted Agriculture Extension Camps,
b.Support of programs at schools (School Clubs, School Gardens, sensitisation sessions, health checks, referrals and deworming)
c.Support health and nutrition awareness programs in communities especially among pregnant and lactating mothers including mobilisation, organizational and logistical support etc.
3.Ensure implementation of day-to-day project activities according to the Project document. The activities include mainly but not solely the following:
a.Identification, selection and mobilization of small-scale farmers and cooperatives in targeted Agriculture Extension Camps
b.Support health and nutrition awareness programs in communities especially among pregnant and lactating mothers including mobilisation, organizational and logistical support etc.
c.Facilitate and support capacity building and training workshops in cooperation with line ministries and other technical experts (Health, Nutrition, Agriculture, WASH)
d.Support working with District Nutrition Coordination Committees and relevant Technical Working Groups
4.Participate at joint monitoring visits by GRZ, WFP and Coordinating partners
5.Coordinate and cooperate well with extension officers and ministry representatives of the Department of Cooperatives, Ministry of Agriculture, Ministry of Health, Ministry of Education and other partners on District level.

Sales out Grower Officer at Amatheon Agri 2019 February up to October 2019

Reporting Direct to the operations manager

Build up local capacity for community development and set performance standards for farmer coordinators and Depot clerks
Mobilize farmers and link them to credit loans with banks
Ensure Purchase and sales of inputs is done properly.
Introducing new farming technics and seed varieties

Regional Agricultural Manager: Western Region Nexus Cotton December 2017 and 2019.

Reporting directly to the Chief Executive Officer

Main Duties
Manage and maximize quality sales under cost effective measures implemented by management.
To plan all yield activities in the region from training, sales, and purchases.
Prepare quarterly budgets.
Recruitment of Staff, Yield coordinators, Yield Group Leaders and Yield Group Farmers
Train and support the YCDs, SPs, YGLs and YGFs: adopt best farming practice to build their capacity to assist other farmers
Monitor: farmer yields, demo plots, various technologies, specific farmer groups
Monitor: the impact of extension services
Chemical selection budgeting and distribution for each Area
Support/liaise: Regional Agriculture Managers and Shed Managers

Agriculture Manager NWK Agri-Services November 2015-2017

Reporting direct to the Regional Agriculture Manager.
Main Duties
Training farmers and provide extension services to farmers.
Prepare quarterly budgets
To plan all yield activities in the region
Recruitment of Yield coordinators, Yield Group Leaders and Yield Group Farmers
Train and support the YCDs, SPs, YGLs and YGFs: adopt best farming practice to build their capacity to assist o

REFERENCE

Mr. Joe Kalusa
Permanent Secretary Ministry of water and Sanitation

Cell phone: +260-*********

Mr. Kelvin Hambwezya
Former Board Chairperson
Food reserve agency [FRA]
Cell phone: +260*********

Mr. Moonga Hanjili
Human resource Dirrector
Amathoen Agri Zambia
Cell phone: +260-*********
Contact this candidate