Stephen David Carson
ad61y4@r.postjobfree.com
Home: 510-***-****
**** **** *** #** *******, Ca 94601

Global Account Manager
Client Prospecting New Account Development Relationship Management Sales Cycle Strategies
Highly accomplished and motivated sales professional with over 5 years of experience in internet based sales. I excel in, prospecting, customer relationship management, sales cycle management, and sales-closing principles. I pride myself in being results-oriented and being a decisive leader with proven success. I like establishing a lasting presence in new markets, while identifying growth opportunities, also I enjoy initiating strong business alliances. I have a solid track record of increasing sales, market share, and profitability. Demonstrated strengths in territory development, account management and sales strategy development.
The Three Kingz Management Group, Oakland, Ca 2019 - 2023
Investor Relations Business Development Contract Closing
As a founder of the Licensed Greentech Firm Three Kingz Management. One of my main duties was facilitating and managing a million dollar portfolio of various retail Cannabis Brands. Onboarding and compliance training were also part of my duties. Client acquisition was the most important role at the firm. I was routinely tasked to close 30k to 40k regional managed service agreements. We would vet prospective clients, and when the deposit check cleared we would create them a licensed cannabis brand from scratch for a fee or charge for making a non legal brand legal etc etc..
.
●Prospecting Potential B2C to B2B, SMB
●Business Development Experience (Million dollar level)
●Management and Onboarding
●Cannabis License Creation
●Licensed Cannabis Retail, Manufacturing, Distribution
●Brand Creation and Marketing
●Database, CRM, POS, SAAS. IAAS. AP,AR, SALES
●AVG Contract Closing 30k
.COMPETITIVE SELLING

Cogent Communications, San Francisco, Ca 2015 - 2019
Global Account Manager
In my prior position with Cogent Communication, my main function was to prospect and hunt enterprise caliber opportunities regionally,nationally and globally in the B2B IP Transit/MPLS/WAN/Internet space. Once I had identified an reasonable opportunity I would cultivate the opportunity/prospect to the close of the deal. Most of my time was spent pushing opportunities along the sales cycle and accurately predicting the contract execution time table to meet the customer install needs.
.
●Prospecting potential SMB, Enterprise multi – location opportunities.
●Top 3 Account Manger 2016,2017,2018,2019
●Constant database management (Google apps/Salesforce CRM) of over 200 accounts and 200 prospects
●Hunt, Nurture and forecast accurately, 2016,2017 #1 West Coast Account Manager
●100k plus of commissions sales closed in less than 24 months.

Tactical Tele-Solutions, San Francisco, Ca 2013 - 2015
Key Account Representative
My current project at Tactical Tele Solutions entails the following. My primary duty is to be the first contact on the Saba Software 1-800 sales line. At that point I direct the caller to the appropriate sales territory executive. In addition if warranted general sales info is entered into database. My second duty is to follow up on webinar participants to see if their firm or organization is evaluating Talent Management or Learning Management software, approximately 130 dials a day. My sales unit has a weekly sales quota that we exceed every week since my implementation on the inside sales team.
●Prospecting potential Learning Management and Talent Management accounts.
●Constant database management of over 10,000 accounts and 60, 000 prospects
●Sales Demo, existing account up sales, primary contact for 1-800 sales line
Nationwide Mortgage, San Jose, Ca* 2012-2013
Production Manager
The responsibilities that this position entailed are as follows: Setting daily and weekly sales quotas for staff, and telemarketing teams. Manufacturing training material for new and existing telemarketing staff, running dialers for sales teams. Light maintenance on (9to5 CRM software), and viop dialing systems. Conducting interviews and weekly meetings for telemarketing and call center staff, reporting sales numbers of current telemarketing staff to owner. This position required loan packaging and industry training on all scopes of the business from processing to closing. I also was in charge of weekly industry updates, new rates, programs etc

●Built new business and maintained existing relationships with lending institution and title companies and prospects.
●Propelled loan closing from 12k monthly revenue to 28k monthly revenue
●Played a key role in employee training and retention
Bayside Financial Group, San Carlos, Ca, 2010-2012
Investor Relations
My primary duties at Bayside Financial include but weren’t limited to the following: To provide excellent customer service to ten thousand plus new and current investors, when the prospects or investors called into the call center. On the existing customer side, I gave updates on the current performance of LLC’s, the individual investor had a stake in. In most circumstances the prospect is interested in our current investment opportunity, at that point I would set an appointment for the licensed agent to sale the investor at whatever convenient location they desired to receive the investment prospectus.
●Prospected and generated new accounts with assets upwards of 100k
●Part of an investment team that generated over 10 million over 24 months
EDUCATION & TECHNICAL SKILLS
CSU Sacramento, Sacramento, CA, B.S., Political Science
ISP,Datacenter,Cloud Services Sales, Solar Sales Design, Salesforce, Software Sales, Real Estate Sales
Contact this candidate