Timothy Coyle Burgaw, NC • 910-***-**** • ad64xk@r.postjobfree.com
Construction Project Manager
Extensive history serving as the backbone to large construction projects, overseeing field operations to ensure that design, schedule, budget and quality standards are met. Subject matter expertise in Healthcare Facility New Construction / Renovations for centers ranging from 5,000 sf to 24,000 sf. Proven success in REDUCING WASTE and MAXIMIZING EFFECTIVENESS through all phases of design and construction to INCREASE STAKEHOLDER VALUE. Finesse in effectively communicating with Architects, Engineers, Sub-Contractors and Clients to provide seamless integration between all stages of the construction process, maintaining SUPERIOR WORKING RELATIONSHIPS. Track record of upholding performance and safety goals of Sub-Contractors to ENHANCE A FIRM’S REPUTATION AS A QUALITY CONTRACTOR. PIVOTAL SKILLS:
Estimating / Budgeting Advanced Project Scheduling Proactive Risk Management Construction Best Practices Problem Identification / Resolution Contract Analysis / Negotiation Project Tracking / Reporting Change Management Client / Community Relations Team Leadership / Mentoring New Business Development Strongly Held Personal Values Coyle’s Commercial Contracting LLC 2007 to present Boutique General Contracting, Facilities Management and Janitorial Solutions firm servicing Medical Facilities, Physician and Dental offices across a 5-state area. General Manager
Responsible for start-up and daily operations of the company, providing leadership and direction to 5 teams in NC, TN, AR, OK and KS to deliver on defined service targets: Healthcare Facility Construction / Remodeling, Facility Maintenance and Janitorial Solutions. Manage all aspects of Finance, Budgets, P&L, Purchasing, Inventory and Staffing, including employee qualifications, training and performance evaluation. Focus on ensuring a strong safety culture and exceptional customer service, by providing an optimal combination of efficient resources, tight quality controls, and consistent processes that work. Role requires the ability to apply excellent communication, decision-making and organizational skills, interact fluidly with diverse stakeholder groups, as well as prioritize and handle multiple projects simultaneously. In addition, demonstrated skill in navigating through a challenging economic landscape, creating differentiated and value-added initiatives to sustain existing business while continually growing account base.
ACCELERATED REVENUES AND EXPANDED MARKET FOOTPRINT: Pioneered a responsive business development strategy to increase brand awareness and demand generation – grew revenues from zero to
$800K+ annually, with 300 subcontractors and a total of 7 staff. Leveraged and evolved solid, mutually beneficial relationship (initially established at CK Construction, see below) with DaVita, a leading provider of dialysis services in the US. Based on reputation and credibility in the industry, and attention to quality, continually expanded service contract with DaVita, currently servicing 100+ Centers.
DELIVERED BEST-IN-CLASS CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT SERVICES: Led renovations and construction of additional space for existing Healthcare facilities, liaising regulatory with contractors to meet all project deliverables and timelines. Applied thorough knowledge of the construction process, as well as integral understanding of contracts, schedules, and financial tracking. Worked collaboratively with a cross- functional team on clinical and non-clinical variables within a specialized design/build environment. Timothy Coyle Page 2
Seakay Construction 2000
to 2008
Privately-held general contractor focusing on Healthcare construction services. Project Manager
Managed all phases of Healthcare Facility projects – completed new construction of 100+ DaVita Kidney Care centers ranging from 5,000 sf to 24,000 sf, as well as renovations and fit-outs across multiple states. Supervised Subcontractors, evaluating workmanship and quality, and resolving any disputes on the job site. Accountable for project completion and financials, critical success factors, and customer satisfaction results, ensuring compliance from contractors to achieve scheduled and budgeted project completion. Served as liaison with Clients, Architects, Engineers, Subcontractors, and Suppliers.
INCREASED COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE: Demonstrated significant mastery in the bidding process, as well as penetrating and closing new customers. Key driver in growing the business from $1M in sales to $12M annually – achieving #1 Ranking for the Top Performing Region, out of 3 regions. Success based on in- depth knowledge of developing and executing competitive bidding strategies in the Construction industry.
PROVIDED VALUE FROM PRECONSTRUCTION THROUGH PROJECT COMPLETION: Applied an integrated approach to construction, working in collaboration with Designers, Facilities Personnel, and end-users from the planning phase to help minimize client capital investment. Gained subject matter expertise on the clinical, technical, operational, and financial requirements of a Healthcare facility to protect patients and productively perform construction work without disrupting adjacent operations. Created proactive project safety plans and monitored safety performance during construction phases.
DEMONSTRATED EXPERTISE OF UNIQUE NEEDS IN HEALTHCARE FACILITY CONSTRUCTION: Provided exceptional problem solving and implemented disciplined construction methods, from pre-construction to project closeout. Established efficient scheduling frameworks (focusing on periodic scheduling updates, development of work breakdown structures, time impact analysis and risk management), to ensure projects were delivered on time, working within highly compressed timelines. Earlier Career:
Golden Corral 1986 to 2000
VP Operations, Franchise Location
Operations Manager, Corporate Location
Initially recruited to oversee operations of an under-performing location, with 40 staff. Drove rapid turnaround, increasing sales from $500K to $1.5M in first year. Executed a comprehensive front and back-of-house Operations Assessment, implementing Service and Quality best practices, retraining employees, and instilling a culture of accountability.
Subsequently, managed new Franchise location, including serving as acting Construction Superintendent for build-out of the 10,000 sf. restaurant. Demonstrated solid construction management acumen, consistently monitoring job costing, forecasting and productivity, and developing/maintaining positive relationships with clients, subcontractors, and the public. Hired, trained and directed 120 employees and achieved record-breaking $100K+ in sales in first week of sales, ultimately driving revenues to over $5M. Education:
Bachelors of Science – Construction Management, Canterbury University, London, UK
Contact this candidate