Objective:
To obtain a position that will allow me to use my knowledge of business development, team engagement, and past work experience to assist in business growth and customer satisfaction accession.

Experience:
ABM Industries
Event Manager January 2024 – present
Dynamic event manager with experience orchestrating successful events and overseeing janitorial operations to ensure clean and inviting event spaces.
Proven track record of managing logistics, budgets, and timelines to deliver exceptional experiences for clients and attendees.
Skilled in vendor management, contract negotiations, and event marketing strategies.
Strong leadership abilities with a passion for creating memorable and impactful events.
Payroll and Employee Records Management.
Ensure accurate and timely processing of payroll for all employees at all 4 venues.
Managed holiday pay, sick leave, and other employee benefits.
Maintained and updated employee records, ensuring compliance with company policies and regulations

KRG Services LLC
Senor Administrative assistant May 2023 – January 2024
In charge of overseeing company registration in multiple states and managing payroll processes.
Proficient in handling certifications for regulatory compliance and ensuring smooth business operations.
Skilled in calendar management, travel coordination, and document preparation
Adept at multitasking and maintaining confidentiality in fast-paced environments. Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
Managed and processed payroll for over 200 employees at a time.
Maintained and updated employee records

Loft
Assistant Store Manager April 2019 – July 2019
Hired, and managed a team of sales associates in collaboration with store manager.
Mentored and coached to drive professional development of sales associates geared around customer service and sales metrics.
Established and cultivated an inclusive work environment

Janie and Jack
Assistant Store Manager October 2018 – March 2019
Responsible for managing sales and revenue generation by providing consistent leadership through encouragement and behavioral guidance to all sales associates.
Develop and encourage a customer service focused team
Manage day to day administrative business tasks to include product line launches and floor moves.

BAS and Care LLC
Medical assistant/Spanish Interpreter June 2012 – March 2018
Manage complex multi-symptom appointment book for foreign military wounded warrior
Translate and aid in all primary care, physical therapy, and specialist care appointments to ensure factual treatments plans were administered.

Branch Banking and Trust
Certified Senior Teller April 2011 – June 2012
Proactively initiate consultative conversations in person and over the phone with clients to uncover future needs in four key areas (deposits, loans, insurance, and investments)
Process banking transactions for both personal and business clients.
Custodian of Automated Teller Machine (ATM), vault, and night drop.

Wells Fargo
Teller July 2010 – April 2011
Process banking transactions for personal and business clients while offering additional bank products to meet client’s needs.
Proficiently operate and balance a teller cash drawer, custodian of the ATM and night drop vault.

Education:
Blou Stay High School, Washington DC Graduation year 2006
High School Diploma completion
GPA: 3.70
Contact this candidate