CHRIS KENDREGAN
Information Technology Business Development
919-***-**** ad662w@r.postjobfree.com
CHRIS KENDREGAN
Information Technology Business Development
919-***-**** ad662w@r.postjobfree.com
PROFILE
Top-ranked account manager with over 20 years professional experience delivering record-setting revenue growth and exceeding corporate sales goals. I enjoy driving new business within large, prized accounts and successfully moving net-new customers along complex buying journeys for technology solutions. Leveraging my extensive experience qualifying leads and successfully closing deals, I use a consultative approach to ensure customer satisfaction at all stages of buying process. EXPERTISE & SKILLS
Territory Management
New Account Development
Relationship Building
Complex Contract Negotiations
Presentations and Proposals
Closing Strategies
Global Account Management
Lead Qualiﬁcation
Value Selling
Salesforce
Outreach
DiscoverOrg
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
National Account Manager at Cogent 2020-2021
Responsible for opening net new accounts across in North America with multiple locations requiring high speed fiber optic Internet connectivity. Opened 11 new accounts in 12 months and exceeded all KPI's including quota achievement in all 12 months. Account Manager at Red Hat 2019 -2020
Grew a territory of 24 mid market accounts from $1.2 million to $1.8 million. Exceeded annual quota and performance objectives while the territory expanded to 76 accounts. Solution Consultant at NetActuate 2018 - 2019
Dramatically improved all levels of sales activities and effectiveness at a growing B2B network and infrastructure services provider. Opened 24 new accounts in eight months with annual recurring revenue of over $120,000.
Enterprise Account Manager at Amazon Web Services 2016 - 2018 Responsible for a territory worth $12.9 million annual and was on track to grow that territory by 65% year over year. Closed a large migration to AWS services at Technicolor USA, worth $22 million over three years. Matrix managed a team of 11 people on large accounts including Lionsgate, Technicolor, and Universal Music Group.
New Business Development at NTT 2015 - 2016
Closed the largest deal of the year, a $70 million data center buyout over ﬁve years. Exceeded annual proﬁt goal by 23%, delivering $1.5 million in total revenue. Managed a territory across the UK, successfully prospecting, qualifying, and managing large, complex opportunities. Business Development Manager/Account Manager at ADAPT 2012 - 2015 Closed a cloud-based managed service contract worth over £7.4 million over a ﬁve-year term with a 72% gross margin. Exceeded 2015 ﬁscal year goal by 59%, delivering a total gross margin target of
£2.9million. Managed a territory across the UK, prospecting, qualifying and managing large complex opportunities, then transitioned to an account management role, successfully driving new business and ensuring customer satisfaction for ADAPT’s four largest and most important customers. Cloud Marketing Consultant at HP/Intel 2009 - 2012 Increased sales of BEATS products and support by 8% over year prior. Work in this role was featured at the Guggenheim Digital Arts Exhibition as best new sales strategy for personal computing in 2010. Global Account Manager at Sun Microsystems 1999 - 2009 Consistently exceeded goals in roles with increasing responsibility during a highly successful 10-year career. Increased the international revenue for eBay from $14 million to over $25 million in less than two years, exceeding quota by 12%. Grew revenue from remote infrastructure and cloud computing services in key US western accounts such as Sony EA, Brocade, and several SaaS companies to over
$12 million. Overachieved on multi-million dollar sales quotas for three years selling professional services to the Wall Street clients. Implemented a matrix management model, along with consistent global programs for sales in London, Singapore, Tokyo, Shanghai and Mumbai, which drove revenue from $14 million to $36 million in three years. Secured the largest deal of the quarter in EMEA with an
£18 million solution. Awarded the “Presidents Club” for over achievement, in the top 1% of all sales people for two consecutive years.
Additional IT Sales Roles prior to 1999
• Client Service Sales at Cap Gemini
• Sales Representative and Sales Manager at Keane, Inc. EDUCATION
GE Capital Financial Management Program
Intense, one-year training program focused on developing business leadership skills Michigan State University
Bachelor of Arts, Finance
Contact this candidate