B E A T R I S A R M I N I A
J o h n s C r e e k, G A
Phone 678-***-**** Email ad6668@r.postjobfree.com BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Collaborative and Focused Sales Leader: Extensive experience in customer-facing roles with a track record of results retaining accounts, expanding revenue, improving market share, and meeting performance goals and sales targets. Specific strengths in identifying profitable and high-growth market segments, while continuously identifying solutions and refining processes. Effective at negotiating and collaborating with corporate senior-level leaders, vendors, and internal stakeholders. I’m killed at removing barriers and maintaining the commitment to strive for excellence by staying focused on the big picture to produce win-win results. KEY SKILLS & COMPETENCIES
Prospecting I Adaptable I Strategic Selling I Relationship Building I Active Listening I Self-Motivated Coaching & Mentoring I Product Knowledge I Negotiation I Customer Success I Lead Qualification Empathy I Communication & Collaboration I Trade Shows & Conventions PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
MANUFACTURING RESOURCES INTERNATIONAL Alpharetta, GA Business Development Manager 2022 – 2024
Promote and provide education on benefits related to high value technologies and services to existing customers and new prospects. Prepare and monitor monthly, quarterly, and annual sales plans. Continuously seek out new market segments to identify sales growth opportunities. Monitor RFPs nationwide for new industry projects. Attend tradeshows and network with industry partners. Manage the entire business development process and bring team members into the discussions, as projects progress. Conduct onsite surveys, presentation of product offerings, training, and demo products and cloud based monitoring services. Key Contributions:
Expanded sales by targeting other verticals including but not limited to universities, sign companies, government buying groups, retail, and quick service restaurants/fast casual.
Successfully grew sales of new customer accounts to $2M+
Educated customers on the total cost of ownership, turnkey solutions, and customizable products.
Qualified prospective customers, propose product packages, and include cost options.
Negotiated agreements, kept legal records, and maintain records in the CRM (Zoho) system.
Understand RFPs, CAD drawings, renders, and other technical documents.
Worked with partners to respond to RFPs ranging from $50K-$5M+
Worked with engineers to develop new CAD drawings and meet project specs
Worked with the creative team to develop new render design concepts
Supported marketing efforts – provided content for social media posts to targeted markets, simplified marketing collateral, and prepared presentations.
Attended industry trade shows to support exhibiting partners and travel to project sites for surveys.
Joined industry federations and associations to network. TURNILS NORTH AMERICA Suwanee, GA
Regional Sales Manager 2014 – 2021
Perform ongoing monitoring and analyzing of monthly sales plan numbers and created various reports for senior leadership. Continuously educate 25 customers on current product concepts, including scheduling and presenting products to customers’ staff. Identify sales growth opportunities and serve as a conduit to the product management team and corporate office. Continuously monitor and analyze market trends and competitor offerings. Support, motivate and inspire 3 regional managers, 1 outside sales manager and 1 inside salesperson across divisions. Key Contributions:
Successfully grew sales 30% YOY by adding additional products to customers' portfolios
Expanded customer base within market segments by 10% through relationship building with key accounts
Expanded customer base into the hospitality segment, resulting in landing 8 new accounts
Successfully convinced 8-member product management team to initiate a customer needs survey that resulted in the addition of 15 new products
Conducted monthly technical training for products for 10 customers in a manufacturing setting
Attended 5 industry trade shows and conventions to network, resulting in the acquisition of 3 new customers WORTHPOINT CORPORATION Atlanta, GA
Customer Service Manager 2012 – 2014
Managed a team of 6 customer support representatives. Responsible for handling customer concerns, managing business correspondence, and responding to BBB complaints. Tracked the implementation of customer feedback processes to improve the overall experience for core products. Developed strong relationships with Marketing and IT departments.
Key Contributions:
Implemented VOIP call queue system, resulting in a 15% improvement missed calls
Successfully implemented processes aimed at agile decision-making, refined outbound sales efforts and introduced a customer survey that resulted in a retention rate of 85% from a previous rate of 35%
Implemented operational metrics and improved Zendesk macros and auto responses to end-users, resulting in a 25% reduction in calls to the end user
HITACHI KOKI USA Norcross, GA
Inside Sales Account Manager 2010 – 2012
Provided leadership for a team of 3 CSRs, while serving as a liaison between customer and company. Managed customer contact, coordinated shipments, managed inventory updates and secured payments. Regularly developed and presented Via PowerPoint to internal departments, customers and third party vendors. Key Contributions:
Successfully maintained 75% collection rate across all accounts
Processed 175 customer account statements biweekly
Executed presentations and responded to RFQs on orders ranging from $25K-$500K
Successfully collaborated with 6 account executives on sales reporting, assisting on account discrepancies and arranging the processing of product transfers and returns KOMATSU/REDMAX Lawrenceville, GA
Customer Support Supervisor 2007 – 2009
Provided supervision of 4 CSRs, including training, mentoring, scheduling. Responsible for maintaining policies, processing discrepancies and processing product transfers and returns. Maintained consistent communication to assure customer needs are met on shipping requests and account balances. Key Contributions:
Worked closely with 5 sales representatives regarding order commitments and reviewing weekly aging reports
Collaborated with the purchasing department on incoming shipments up to $500K
Implemented dedicated customer ship dates, resulting in a single shipment per week to customers, improved efficiency and reduced processing time
First employee to receive RedMax “Best Employee of the Year” award Accounts Receivable 2004 – 2007
Responsible for day to day AR functions including processing aging reports, projecting cash flow, processing discrepancies. Collaborated across the organization and with external vendors, and credit agencies to drive improvements to the Accounts Receivable processes. Key Contributions:
Processed 10 daily deposits and applied to 200+ customer accounts
Successfully cleaned up over $1.5M in old AR and collected 85% of total past-due balances
Processed 12 credit applications monthly, while managing D&B reporting and maintaining customer files
Turned 25 accounts over to the collection agency
Reduced past due account balances from $2M to $330K by improving the efficiency of account statements, installing deposit minimums, and partnering with collection agencies
Successfully filed and maintained Uniform Commercial Codes ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
KOMATSU/REDMAX Customer Support
PRIME HARDWOOD FLOORS, LLC Office Manager
PRICE INDUSTRIES, INC. Customer Support I Purchasing Assistant EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
Pursued Bachelors of Science, Oglethorpe University
Contact this candidate