*
Branch Manager Llama Lounge & Restaurant. Bahrain. Oc-
tober 2022 - Augustus 2023
Drawing bar design & layout 3D Training and developing new employees while helping cur- rent staff continue to grow Ordering & preparing for bar equipment’s Menu design Moni- tor the ordering and receiving program for products and supplies to ensure proper quantity and price on all purchases Inspect to ensure that all safety, sanitation, energy management, preventive maintenance, and other standards are consistently me Provided customer ser- vice to patrons of the restaurant/bar by taking orders and preparing drinks Hiring & interview staff local & overseas Runs the day-to-day operations of a dining establishment in sales build- ing & labour management Be a apart in team design and interior furniture of outlet Opening teams
Bar Manager Icon Lounge Bahrain. November 2021 -
March 2022 http://www.iconbahrain.com
Drawing bar design & layout 3D Training and developing new employees while helping cur- rent staff continue to grow Ordering & preparing for bar equipment’s Menu design Moni- tor the ordering and receiving program for products and supplies to ensure proper quantity and price on all purchases Inspect to ensure that all safety, sanitation, energy management, preventive maintenance, and other standards are consistently me Provided customer ser- vice to patrons of the restaurant/bar by taking orders and preparing drinks Freelancer Beverage Speciality & Sales Representative Disttilaigroup Italia to Bahrain. Jun 2020 - October 2021 www.distillatigroup.com
Network and build trusting relationship with potential customers Participate in trade shows as a spokesperson for our company Creating and contribute drinks recipe mocktail & cocktail for client Act as on-the-spot expert to provide information to customers regarding the company and its products and service Bar Consultant
Brand Ambassador Monin Horeca Bahrain. Augustus 2018
– March 2020 http://www.horecatrade.com/ , http://www.bidcorpgroup.com Primary responsibility is business development via a consultative, technical sales approach for the defined customers in this industry Creating and contribute drinks recipe mocktail & cocktail for client Network and build trusting relationship with potential customers Track customers preference and suggest advertising and positioning idea Participate in trade shows as a spokesperson for our company Thoroughly understand our products and services to inform potential customers Track and report on competitors market activities Help salesman in- crease brand value by representing the brand to target customers Seek out information regarding competition’s activity such as pricing and marketing strategies Organize profes- sional presentations within targeted client Act as on-the-spot expert to provide information to customers regarding the company and its products and service set objectives and targets product Daily sales report Establishing target monthly and yearly Bar Consultant EXPERIENCE
BRUNKEN FRANKEN ARY WATULINGAS
BRANCH MANAGER
PROFILE
Eben Haezer Kiri. Malalayang
2 lingk. 2 Manado.
Sulawesi Utara
C1596840
23-02-1981
168 Cm
CONTACT & SOCIAL MEDIA
LINKS
+973-***-***-** (WhatsApp)
+62-856-******-**
ad67rz@r.postjobfree.com
*bee.brunken
Brunken Ary Watulingas
Brunken Watulingas
2
Brand Ambassador Monin Bahrain Jawad Co. Au-
gustus 2016 – March 2018. http://www.jawad.com/
Primary responsibility is business development via a consultative, technical sales approach for the defined customers in this industry Creating and contribute drinks recipe for client Network and build trusting relationship with potential customers Track customers preference and suggest advertising and positioning idea Partici- pate in trade shows as a spokesperson for our company Thorough- ly understand our products and services to inform potential custom- ers Track and report on competitors market activities Help sales- man increase brand value by representing the brand to target cus- tomers Seek out information regarding competition’s activity such as pricing and marketing strategies Organize professional presen- tations within targeted client Act as on-the-spot expert to provide information to customers regarding the company and its products and service set objectives and targets product Daily sales report
Establishing target monthly and yearly Bar Consultant Bar Manager Florence La Maison Mediterranean Restau- rant, Adliya Bahrain November 2015 – July 2016. http:// www.darflorence.com
Opening Team Handel, arrange paper work for applying leaching and rules for restaurant through government Arrange Staffing ac- commodation, uniform etc Marketing and Publishing Preparing for bar equipment’s Build contact to any supplier Positive actions is to be taken for meeting the department’s objective To drive the business forward he have to be commercially aware To assist with other daily operations as required Beware to the customers feed- back, such as is the billing is correct or not, or the customer is feel- ing any uncomfortable or not To satisfy customers, if the customer behaves rudely he have to handle it in a calm and quite manner To give lessons and motivate to other members of the bar for their personal skill development Hiring and interview staff Staff sched- ules Inventory beverage and store Create Beverage menu and new cocktail Ensure cash & stock control To assist with other dai- ly operations as required Ensure the efficient daily running of the Restaurant/Bar Adhere to all HACCP & health & safety procedures. Bar
Bahrain. October 2014 – October 2015
Positive actions is to be taken for meeting the department’s objec- tive To drive the business forward he have to be commercially aware To assist with other daily operations as required To satisfy customers, if the customer behaves rudely he have to handle it in a calm and quite manner To give lessons and motivate to other members of the bar for their personal skill development Staff schedules Inventory beverage and store Create Beverage menu and new cocktail Ensure cash & stock control To assist with other daily operations as required. Ensure the efficient daily running of the Restaurant/Bar Adhere to all HACCP & health & safety proce- ABOUT ME
With than 18 years of profes-
sional experience in hospitality
industry trustworthy, and de-
pendable bartender seeking a
position with advancement op-
portunities where I can utilize
my energy, spunk, creativeness,
people oriented personal and
multitasking abilities in order to
make money for my establish-
ment. S W O T (Strengths,
Weaknesses, Opportunity,
Threats) business plan
Smart & presentable
Entrepreneurial
Team Player
Bar Management
Goal Oriented
3
Senior Bartender Lanterns Lounge & Restaurant Adliya Bahrain. November 2012 – September 2014. http://
www.lanternrestaurant.com/
Open, perpetration, garnish, juice, all beer Mixing cocktail Free pouring Up selling and suggesting Inventory beverage and store Take beverage orders from servers or directly from guest To build positive relationship with client/guest to ensure the customer sat- isfaction To ensure miss-en-place are prepared according to bar standard To ensure high standards of cleanliness throughout the bar Opening Team
Senior Bartender Block 338 Restaurant Lounge Garden Adliya Bahrain. November 2011 – November 2012
Open, perpetration, garnish, juice, all beer Mixing cocktail Free pouring Up selling and suggesting Cash Handling Inventory bev- erage and store Take beverage orders from servers or directly from guest To build positive relationship with client/guest to ensure the customer satisfaction To ensure miss-en-place are prepared ac- cording to bar standard To ensure high standards of cleanliness throughout the bar
Bartender Best Western Hotel Juffair “Cocoon Lounge & Bar” Bahrain. December 2010 - November 2011
Open, perpetration, garnish, jus, all beer Mixing cocktail Free pour Cash Handling Take beverage orders from servers or directly from guest Up selling and suggesting Closing
Bar Captain The Club Bar & Cafe Manado Indonesia. Febru- ary 25 – 11 August 2010
Make presentation and cost price cocktail, mock tail, smoothie, coffee all juice, champagne & wine Setting bar area Recruitment, interview and training staff bar Make schedule staff Inventory beverage and store requisition (rule coordinated with purchasing) Free pouring Summary of sale & inventory C.O
Up selling and suggesting Handle all supplier Handle guest complain Bartender Aston Manado City Hotel Manado Indonesia. February 2009 – December 2009
Mixing cocktail, mock tail, smoothie act Prepared drink with FIFO system Handel guest drank Maintain the cleanliness of bar area Summary of sale, closed bill and inventory CO Make beverage of the month Up selling and suggesting Restaurant in charge Set up breakfast, diner restaurant area Handel room service Transfer order with kitchen Stored requesting bar Follow the standards and procedures for wine and champagne Cashier Re- check par stock Open closed bar (cleaning area bar, display bottle, all glass and garnish, recheck electricity supply act) Make sure all preparation is ready Cocktail managing skills
Stock management
Event planning
Microsoft office:
Word, Execl, Powerpoint
Promoting sales
P.O. S Micros, Omega,
VHP
Bar Flair
SKILL
4
Bar Captain Travello Hotel Manado Indonesia.
January 2009 – March 2009
Bartender Happy Puppy Karaoke Makassar-
Manado Indonesia. July 2006 – August 2007
Bartender Sky Dine & Lounge Manado Indonesia.
November 2005 – January 2006
Bartender Gacho Pool & Cafe Manado Indonesia.
July – November 2005
Bartender Hi-Q Billiard & Bar Manado Indonesia.
July 2004 – July 2005
Reference– Available on request
EXPERIENCE
Manado Tourism Economics Institute STIEPAR. 2013- 2014 Diploma F&B Service, Bar Management.
STT Dolous Jakarta, Indonesia 1999 - 2001
Vocational high school Kr. Elfatah Manado, Indonesia 1997 - 1999 CERTIFICATION
Winner bartender exhibition Performance Skill & Fun by A&E Juffair. Bahrain Budweiser Training. (Budweiser's Brew Master Mr George Reisch). Block 338 Adliya, Bahrain Bacardi’s Training.(Mr Richard Irwin, Bacardi's Brand Ambassador),Cocoon Lounge & Bar, Juffair Bahrain Grey Goose Training. (Mr Richard Irwin) Gulf Hotel, Adliya Bahrain Chivas Academy. Diva Hotels Juffair Bah- rain
BST. Basic Safety Training. Sinar Poseidon Gupita Jakarta Indonesia Seaman Book. Bitung Sulut BNSP (Badan Nasional Sertifikasi Profesi) Manado Indonesia PT. SAILS Indonesia. Bitung, Hotel Affair: House Keeping, F&B service MBA (Manado Bartender Association) Manado Indonesia
British Language Center. Bahrain 2019
Tito’s Mixology Competition from NHSC 2018
5
Contact this candidate