Henry Byrd
Hawthorne, NJ *****
ad67nq@r.postjobfree.com
+1-973-***-****
Results-driven business development professional with a successful track record in IT sales. Skilled in generating leads, closing deals, and developing effective sales strategies. Expert in building long-term partnerships and maximizing client satisfaction. Accomplished negotiator with experience in best practice implementation.
Work Experience
LITTLE IVY ACADEMY Solution Specialist - Ridgewood, NJ 02/22 to Present
Negotiated contracts and maintain STEM programs of mainstream curriculum for school districts K-8th and summer camps throughout metropolitan area.
Presentation delivery in person and video conference, telemarking, and cold canvassing, as well as trade show engagements.
120% to plan
ADVANCED COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY- Account Manager-East Hanover, NJ 02/19 to 02/22
Acquisitioned new contracts for Managed IT service throughout northeast market.
Cultivated qualifying prospects, and in person as well as zoom presentation of company business service. cloud-based solutions, emphasize the benefits of ECM software in the cloud (such as scalability, accessibility, and cost-effectiveness). 110% to plan

PTS DATA CENTER SOLUTION Sales Account Manager - Oakland, NJ 02/18 to 12/19
Negotiated new enterprise customers IT Data Center-technology, computer room, hybrid cloud, and other mission critical technical spaces, ECM software in the cloud (such as scalability, accessibility, and cost-effectiveness).
Acquisitioned new Managed IT services for desktop operations and maintenance. ·Increase revenue margin by 50%
NEXUS TECHNOLOGY SALES, Inc. Regional Account Manager - Deer Park, NY 01/ 16 to 02/18
Obtain 4 manufacturer parts acquisitions on IC broads, Coaxial Cables, Logic, and Memory in Northern and Central New Jersey territory accounts · Crestron Electronics Inc, as well as Aerospace Manufacturer: BAE ·
Managed over 25 projects ranging from $50K to $2M ·
Increase sales pipeline by 50% in less than 12 months.

MAGNA5GLOBAL Major Account Manager New York, NY 11/15 to12/16
Negotiated new network solutions to enterprise accounts to streamline Telecom integration in voice, data, and telephone hardware · Provide IP switches and cloud computing platforms of technology services both locally and nationally.

VERIZON WIRELESS-NRB Associate Technician - Bedminster, NJ 04/15 to 09/15
Cultivated technical troubleshooting within an enterprise environment, including system crashes, slowdown and data recoveries. · Engaged and tracked Priority 1 issues, with responsibility for the timely documentation, escalation (if appropriate), resolution and closure of trouble tickets.
RICOH USA, INC. Account Executive - West Caldwell, NJ 01/12 to 04/15
Negotiated new copier account document workflow, data, and IT service to vertical markets of education, legal, medical, and commercial accounts.
Created new opportunity leads for integration software and networking devices on mission critical projects. ·
Sales activities of prospecting, territory strategy, pipeline management.
VERIZON FIOS Account Manager - Piscataway, NJ 02/09 to 04/12
Provide Fiber Optic sales solutions to MDU residential campaign.
Analyse telecommunication billing product cost with superior customer service quickly and efficiently.
Train sales team on new products introductions and updates.

ONE COMMUNICATIONS Senior Account Executive - Lyndhurst, NJ 04/03 to 03/09
Performed full-Life cycle sales consultation to C-Level executives.
Negotiated integrated voice, data, and next generation technology with WAN setups.
Consultative business approach on value and benefits of service, optimize original concept through final implementation.

SOFTWARE APPLICATIONS: SAP, MS Office, PowerPoint, Word, Excel, Outlook, SaaS.
Education: Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration RAMAPO COLLEGE
Contact this candidate