Richard Troy Jones
**** **** ****** *****
Pearl, Mississippi 39208
601-***-****
Email: ad67bd@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objectives:
Continue to excel in B2B sales and business development by leveraging 39+ years of proven expertise. Seek opportunities to contribute leadership, organizational skills, and an unwavering work ethic to drive growth and success for established organizations.

Summary of Qualifications:
Experienced Business Development and Operations Manager with a track record of 39+ years in business development and B2B sales. Proven strategic planning and solution-oriented approach for profitable operations in logistics, distribution, and retail/wholesale sales. Proficient in SAP and Microsoft Dynamics ERP software, data analysis, CRM software, scheduling, project management, and mentorship.

Work Experience:
Revell Hardware, Outdoor Power and Supply Group, Inc., Jackson, MS
Business Development Manager (2021 – Present)
Set goals and developed plans for business and revenue growth through B2B sales.
Researched, planned, and implemented new market initiatives.
Pursued leads and successfully moved them through the sales cycle, increasing profitable revenue in all business units.
Director of Outdoor Power & Operations (2014 – 2021)
Maximized productivity and profitability by balancing revenue and expenses.
Identified sales growth opportunities and established high-level customer service standards.
Led, directed, and supervised branch managers and operations for sales, inventory, and logistics.

Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc., Jackson, MS
District Sales Manager (2009 - 2010)
Drove shareholder value through maximizing market share, sales, and profits.
Planned, implemented, and managed the growth of assigned business segment.
Led trade execution and maintained positive customer relationships.
Waste Management, Inc., Jackson, MS
Functional/Outside Sales Manager (2007 - 2009)
Generated and retained profitable new account revenue in the Louisiana, Mississippi, and Arkansas Market Areas.
Developed and executed the Market Area’s Sales and Marketing plan, ensuring high customer satisfaction.
Supervised activities to achieve or exceed sales goals.

Holmes Company of Jackson, Inc., Jackson, MS
Customer Service/Operations Manager (2005 – 2007)
Involved in all aspects of meeting the needs of our highest revenue accounts as well as identifying and securing new accounts.

Facilitated operational performance
of a medium sized trucking/transportation company.

Ryder Systems, Inc., Jackson, MS
Logistics Manager (MS/N LA) (2000 – 2005)
Implemented solid process management in a dedicated logistics operation. Managed total customer satisfaction through execution and adherence to pre-established customer critical success factors.

Managed all areas of transportation to include safety and compliance with DOT and OSHA regulations, Profit & Loss, and customer service.
Manager Operations & Safety (Birmingham, AL)
Managed all areas of transportation and operations including safety and compliance. Responsible for three (3) Dedicated Contract Carriage accounts.

United Parcel Service, Inc., Birmingham, AL
Operations Supervisor, Marketing Specialist, & Customer Automation Specialist (1994 – 2000)
Operations Supervisor - Supervised 23 employees in all aspects of a multi-million-dollar air cargo operation. Provided initial and recurrent training. Maintained records and documentation of FAA, OSHA, and Airline audit purposes.

Marketing Specialist - Developed Inside Sales group.

Customer Automation Specialist - Liaison between customers, account executives and the technology support function for installation and maintenance of company provided computer-based shipping systems.

Consolidated Sales, Inc., Hattiesburg, MS
Assistant Business Manager & Account Executive (1988 – 1991)
Negotiated with lending institutions and secured most appropriate financing terms for retail customers. Prepared department financial reports.

Retail sales and commercial leasing programs.

Education:
Chipola College, Marianna, FL University of Alabama at Birmingham
Major Field: A.A. Business Major Field: B.S. Business
Contact this candidate