ROGER “RON” COOK
Cell: 731-***-****
ad6akh@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Professional sales, management and business development experience
involving progressive responsibility with national organizations.

Proficient at establishing and implementing management, organizational, and operational policies and procedures aimed at cost efficiency and overall quality of operations.

Budget development and administration, monitoring expenditure of funds to assure conformance with fiscal objectives.

Problem resolution, creative management, and market analysis to determine profitable areas for improvement, devising/implementing sales and merchandising objectives for both generic and proprietary products.

Performing studies of economic considerations, market demands, and other factors in determining feasibility of new products, preparing and presenting proposals to key management personnel.

Skilled sales/customer service representative with the ability to personally handle major accounts, establishing rapport, inspiring confidence, making proposals for large projects, closing sales, and maintaining client relations.

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS

Retired: November, 2013

Core-Mark International From: 06/2010 To: 11/2013

Chain Accounts Manager, Programs Manager and Merchandising Manager

Increased presences and sales of the company's business with all convenient stores, foodservice customers, book stores and casino gift shops in a large part of six states.

Dean Foods ( Pet Dairies ) From: 10/2005 To: 05/2007

Division Sales/Operations Manager

Responsible for the total operations of six distribution centers. This includes recruiting and hiring all personnel.

Tom’s Foods, Inc. From: 6/1995 To: 10/2005

Area Manager

Directly responsible for sales and continued success of all distributor/brokers. Worked closely with these brokers orchestrating promotional programs to enhance sales. Provide support and on-going training for their sales staff.

Yarnell Ice Cream Co. From: 8/1989 To: 6/1995

Division Sales and Operations Manager

Responsible for all aspects of this division which consists of three distribution centers controlling over $2 million in assets and generating $10 million in annual sales. Supervised and coordinated the activities of five (5) supervisors and fifteen (15) route sales team members. Performed detailed marketing research and formulated strategies to enhance sales and/or product exposure in my entire market area.

The Country Garden From: 5/1988 To: 8/1994

Owner

Owner and operator of a wholesale and retail institutional food sales and distribution business.

Other Business Experience:

Keebler/Kellogg: 17 years Sales, Sales Training and Sales Management

Education:

WESTERN KENTUCKY UNIVERSITY
Bachelors Degree in Business Administration
Contact this candidate