Daniel Hernandez
***** **** *** **** ****, Montgomery Tx, 77316
281-***-**** • ad6akp@r.postjobfree.com

Objective:

Utilize broad sales experience within the Cloud, Managed Services, Unified Collaboration, SD WAN, Data Center, Wireless, Network and Security Consulting industry to drive revenue growth for an elite technology solutions organization.

Highlights:

Demonstrated steady increase in responsibility, challenge, and growth through multiple employers and positions throughout career acquisitions
Proven flexibility to adapt and overachieve in varying employer go to market strategies
Leveraged multiple relationships with Vendors, Master Agents and other VAR’s to win opportunities.
Understand the intricacies of interacting with and supporting a wide range of verticals
Consistent attainment of advanced technology and professional services sales goals within assigned business segments and practice groups.
Ability to strategize with external partner resources to optimize account coverage and maximize profitability
Successful in developing high-value relationships with client executive management, internal technical resources, as well as key business partners
Comprehensive understanding of complex solutions such as: data center design and business continuity planning, enterprise voice/video collaboration, outsourced/cloud services and IoT (Internet of Things ).
Responsible for leadership on sales teams and mentoring successful individuals that have ability to fill role if team grows and in lieu of attrition
Strong communication and analytical problem solving skills

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Sentinel Technologies

Sales Executive – (February 2022 – Present)
Generated new business by prospecting and leveraging new and existing relationships.
Identify customer business objectives and help them achieve those goals utilizing our Products and Services.
Utilized working with multiple departments internally to provide the needed solution for our client’s business objectives. (Cloud/Servers/Storage/Networking/MSP/Help Desk/IRR/Security etc.)
Compliment prospecting and selling efforts through field work such as creating customer events and customer face to face meetings.
Developed strategies for engaging critical stakeholders to better understand their objectives and build relationships.
Coached client contacts on next steps and providing relevant value statements and/or ROI analysis for internal justification.
Managed all pipeline and opportunities along with forecasting.
Created and maintained client and business partner relationships including Partner/OEM specialists and business units.

Cogent Communications

National Account Manager – (April 2021 – February 2022)
Hunting to Identify new business opportunities within National Sales Territory focused on the Mid Market and National Account target market segments
Territory includes US and Canada
Compliment prospecting and selling efforts through field work such creating customer events and customer face to face meetings
Leverage consultative and relationship building selling techniques to identify current and future connectivity solutions
Help clients and prospects by positioning our services for new business
Achieve monthly revenue goals by selling into the nation's largest commercial and retail buildings, office parks and professional campuses

Broadleaf Group

Enterprise Account Manager – (March 2020 – April 2021)
Drive profitability and grow revenue for named & target accounts
Develop partnerships with Vendor Account & Channel Managers and optimize joint selling opportunities in SD WAN, Storage On Premise & Cloud, Overall Security DC & End Point, Digital Transformation and Backup Solutions.
Build market awareness of The Broadleaf Group through participation in local industry events and affiliations
Develop and expand overall product knowledge and sales skills by participating in product / skill training opportunities provided by The Broadleaf Group and vendor partners
Understand each named & target customer’s business model, organization model, and identify current / future IT projects
Engage local vendor sales organizations to collaborate on sales efforts and partnering opportunities
Use monthly / quarterly forecasting and pipeline management solution to manage sales growth
Provide consistent and timely follow up communications and action steps after every sales call
Collaborate on sales strategies, discuss account progress, and advise changes within named accounts and sales opportunities with Sales Management on a bi-weekly basis

Compugen Systems Inc.

US Client Executive – (March 2019 – February 2020)

Identifies and reaches decision makers and key influencers and can persuade them to take action.
Build senior level relationships (C-Level, Director, VP) within existing client accounts and new prospect organizations.
Professional and effectively communicate Compugen’s solutions to existing customer and new prospects through presentations, written proposals, RFP responses and regular business correspondence.
Constantly giving insight, knowledge and understanding of Digital Transformation, Utilizing IT Technology
Investigates, researches and seeks information that will lead to a successful sales strategy that creates a selling advantage for a targeted opportunity.
Effective questioning, probing and listening that informs and leads to implementable actions and activities leading to a successful sales cycle.
Comprehend and apply Compugen strategies and solutions to develop existing customer and new prospect business development plans.
Ability to link and apply IT technologies to identified and targeted business outcomes for existing customers and new prospects.
Create compelling solutions that satisfy customer business outcomes that are differentiated to position Compugen as the desired or preferred partner and solution provider.
Create sound financial proposals that meet Compugen business expectations and win deals.
Collaboration and teamwork in the execution of all assignments, roles and responsibilities.
Engage key vendors to develop joint account and market development opportunities leading to new solutions and revenue sources.

Sirius

Client Executive – (March 2017– February 2019)
Identify new and existing customer Information Technology needs and proposing total solutions.
Developing and maintaining a pipeline of business. Focused on SD WAN, Data Center Upgrades, Cloud Migrations, Digital Transformation, Wireless and Security.
Make regular sales calls to develop relationships and proactively follow-up on leads.
Developing and delivering professional and effective presentations of Sirius and our solution offerings.
Developing and Maintaining account relationships to maximize long-term sales opportunities and ensure effective negotiation of contracts, terms and conditions and discounts.
Identifying the prospects decision-maker to close deals and finalize contracts.
Acting as a liaison to resolve problems with products, services and or A/R collection issues.
Maintaining up to date awareness of Sirius’ solution offerings and industry trends and advancements.
Involving appropriate additional Sirius sales and services team members regarding sales opportunities, to ensure the most effective solution is presented to the customer.
Communicating to management the status of territory activity via regular reporting and forecasting calls.

Accudata Systems, Inc.

Account Manager – (July 2005 – January, 2017)

Sales Manager for Accudata Systems supporting multiple verticals – Retail, Financial Services, Healthcare, Manufacturing, Oil & Gas in Houston and the greater Houston area.
Responsible for leading the customer relationship and articulating Accudata value proposition.
Utilize consultative approach to assess customer needs and determine strategy which best meets identified objectives.
Excel in cultivating net new business in assigned segment, and maximizing gross profit sales in advanced technologies – SD WAN, Data Center Upgrades, Security, Unified Collaboration, Cloud Migrations and Storage On Premise/Cloud.
Consistently exceed yearly gross profit sales goals across all lines of business – hardware, software, and professional services.
Cultivated and developed deep customer relationships across all levels of the client organization – executive leadership, operations management, technical architects, and finance.
Leverage organizations resources to provide customers with necessary support, and partners with maximum account coverage.
Proficient technical and business consulting sales skills specifically involving data center, collaboration, and converged networking solutions.
Effective communicator with advanced presentation, problem solving, and negotiation tools.
Ability to manage customer project initiatives and timelines, as well as financial objectives, to ensure collective success.
Loyal relationships with strategic business partners based on history of our teams execution – Cisco, VMware, EMC, Nimble, RSA, Citrix, Microsoft.
Accurately communicated and maintained weekly, monthly, and quarterly forecast and commitments.
Responsibility includes: own customer relationship, diagnose short and long term needs and concerns, correlation to a technology solution that will achieve business and technical objectives.

NetIQ Corporation

Inside Sales Representative (January 2003 – July 2005)

Inside sales representative in a team-based sales model selling Systems Management Solutions.
Achieved 125% sales quota in FY03, 107% - FY04.
Developed new and extended existing business relationships with select regional partner organizations including Microsoft, resellers, distributors and agents.
Created strategic territory plans to map NetIQ solutions to my clients’ business initiatives.
Prospected for new customers, while expanding relationships with existing clients to increase their NetIQ product portfolio.

Dell Computers

Pre-Sales Network Consultant, Preferred Accounts Division (February 2001 – January 2003)

Designed and priced customer solutions dealing with Routers, Switches, Hubs, Firewalls, VPN’s and Wireless.
Assisted Account Manager on customer sales proposals for Dell Networking Consulting.
Approved all contracted sales from an application and engineering standpoint.
Conducted monthly sales training to PAD representatives on all Dell Networking Solutions.

Software and Peripherals Sales Coach, Business Sales Division (November 2000 – February 2001)

Responsible for coaching three sales teams.
Managed all new hires until they averaged 100% attainment.
Developed New Hire Training Guide for all New Hires for BSD.
Presented Quarterly financial numbers to Executive Staff and Team Managers.

Advanced Systems Sales, Business Sales Division (November 1999– November 2000)

Supported Field Account Managers within the US to assist in pre-sales consulting.
Performed Sales for SAN, NAS, Server Dell Solutions.
Assisted in customer onsite meetings to develop a “Total Solution” to fit their individualized needs.
Coached, monitored and assisted sales representatives on achieving their Server and Storage quota.

Software and Peripherals Sales Representative, Business Sales Division (January 1998 – November 1999)

Performed sales concerning storage, networking, software and peripheral equipment.
Provided all hardware and software upgrades for all models of Dell Servers, Desktops and Laptops.
Created team report for tracking daily quote and attainments along with daily call center statistics.
Consistently exceeded quarterly quota.

Universal Computer Systems

Corporate Field Services Instructor (July 1996 – January 1998)

Trained all new hire technicians on all systems in the UCS portfolio
Updated all training materials for Field Service Technicians
Managed and Maintained the Houston Training Data Center

Field Services Manager South Florida & West Indies (September 1993 – July 1996)

Managed a local team of Technicians that supported South Florida and the West Indies
Managed area inventory for all technicians including fleet vehicles
Created territory plans to map technicians for optimal customer coverage

Field Services Support Technician (March 1992 – September 1993)

Installed and maintained solutions to enhance the capabilities of the UCS products and services
Assisted Sales Representatives on sales calls as pre sales engineer
Created and resolved customer tech support tickets in the field

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS

Associates in Computer Electronics and Robotics, Lamar University, Beaumont, Texas 1991
Oracle SD WAN
Fortinet SD WAN
Aruba Cloud Central
Cohesity Sales
Citrix SD WAN
Redhat IT Optimization
HPE2-E72 Hybrid Cloud Solutions
Veeam VMTSP
Commvault Sales Certification
HP Healthcare Sales Certification
Cisco Sales Expert Certification
Cisco Data Center Sales Certification
HPe / Nimble Storage Sales Certification
F5 Security Sales Expert Certification
VMware Sales Professional Certification
Dell / EMC Proven Professional Sales Accreditation
IBM Security Sales Certification
Hitachi Sales Certification
Citrix Certified Sales Professional
Check Point Sales Certification
Contact this candidate