DEREK CARACCIOLI
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER

CONTACT
*** ** ***** **.
Denham Springs, LA 70726
225-***-****
ad6cfu@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
Accomplished business development manager with ten years of business-to-business experience.

My experience in business operations includes outside and inside sales, warehouse operations, and trade show presentations.

My experience in business management includes interviewing candidates for open positions and training for new team members. For current team members, I provide supervision and mentorship across all areas of the business.

I have a proven track record of opening new client accounts and building long-lasting, mutually beneficial relationships with customers, employees, and colleagues.

EDUCATION
Louisiana State University
Baton Rouge, LA
2001 - 2005
Bachelor's degree,
Agricultural Business (Management)

ADDITIONAL SKILLS
Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
Microsoft 365
Google Suite
INXSQL

EXPERIENCE
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER • DEC 2014 - PRESENT
Lightning Bolt and Supply
●Identify potential clients and conduct consultative sales meetings nationwide to establish new business relationships.
●Manage communication with current clients to maintain those business relationships.
●Establish strategic relationships within the inside business channels and networks.
●Deliver training to new employees across all areas of the business including outside sales, inside sales, and warehouse duties.
●Mentoring staff in developing business skills such as professional communication, conflict resolutions, problem-solving, and commitment to a long-term role.
●Create and maintain company targets while developing, managing, and closing strategic opportunities.
●Manage all aspects of nationwide trade show presentations.
●Identify new market segments and emerging market trends.
●Skilled in the execution of responsibilities in a rapidly growing company.

OPERATIONS AND SALES MANAGER • FEB 2006 – DEC 2014
USA Alarms/Alliance Security
●Spearheaded collaboration among Sales and Marketing to develop campaigns and messaging for new products, services, and programs.
●Acquired a deep understanding of company products and services, current customer base, target markets, and products to develop company sales strategies to meet or exceed sales goals.
●Established relationships with real estate agents and mortgage lenders to create a robust referral network.
●Kept abreast of industry changes and their impact on the business to maintain competitive and relevant in the job market.
●Conducted consultative customer meetings to ensure that their expectations were fulfilled.
Contact this candidate