RICHARD M. DIGEORGIO
** ***** *****
Washington Crossing, PA 18977
215-***-**** C
ad6eji@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-digeorgio-554690/

Career Summary

Semi-retired seeking work in the 30-35 hour a week range that puts to good use all the skills acquired in my long and successful career.

Accomplished in executive coaching, organizational development and change management, leadership development and leading projects. Forty years of broad experience business including over 30 years in the energy sector and twenty-five years working with R&D and IT organizations. Significant experience working in the financial, real estate, and chemical industries. Other areas of expertise: innovation management and team facilitation and team development. Strong ability to work with technical, innovative, and creative people on complex and challenging problems. Developed and or taught over 25 different management seminars.

Experience While Being Semi-Retiring:

Manager for Three offices of H&R Block – Newtown, Langhorne and Fairless Hills 2023 and 2024 tax season
Tax Pro Newtown office H&R Block 2022
Covid 2021 – turned down option to be tax pro to avoid the virus
Worked the 2020 Census
2018 to 2020 Princeton Show Jumping – general consulting to help get business off the ground

Experience Before Semi-Retirement:

Richard M. DiGeorgio & Associates, Washington Crossing, PA – April 1997 to 2018
Principal

Responsible for business development, new product development, and project delivery
Major projects:
Helped integrate two divisions of ExxonMobil during the merger. Had a significant consulting role with the Global IT division and a division of ExxonMobil Chemical.
Helped turn around the IT organization at Mobil Oil from 1997 to 2000.
Developed an extensive action learning project with the President of Devon Energy and his team.
Facilitates technology breakthrough teams at ExxonMobil and consults on the breakthrough process.
Conducted a major reassessment of ExxonMobil’s breakthrough process.
Helped the new EVP of Operations for Union Bank of California plan his transition and supported him on a number of initial projects.
Played a significant role in creating and delivering an intense week long leadership program for Cisco’s R&D organization.
Helped Mobil Chemical re-engineer its order fulfillment process as part of the implementation of SAP at Mobil.
Helped The Community Builders, Inc. a non-profit developer through a multi-year organizational renewal process that included developing and implementing a significant shift in corporate strategy.
Did a complete business analysis of a horse farm and coached the owner, helping them go from loss to half a million in profits in one year.

“Project Horizon: Capital Project Improvement Process” Mobil Oil: Fairfax, Virginia 1996-1997
Internal Consultant

Lead change consultant to a team that drove $500MM per year from capital project expenditures. Key roles:
Worked with sponsors and project managers to understand the significant change issues involved in improving this massive process and developed implementation strategies as well as mechanisms to monitor results achieved.
Helped develop and execute the deployment plan for rolling out the new capital project process.
Developed and led several three-day workshops to launch the capital project process across the globe.

Research and Engineering (R&E) Division, Mobil Oil: Princeton, NJ 1985-1996
Manager Organizational Development and Training

Responsible for major organizational development initiatives. The three most significant initiatives were: technology transfer, quality improvement, and capital project process improvement. Also, responsible for the development and delivery of a broad set of courses for supervisors, managers, and professionals.

Major projects accomplishments:

Facilitated a major effort to focus R&D management’s attention on technology transfer.
Helped improve Engineering’s relationship with its internal clients and external partners as a part of Mobil’s quality effort.
Help engineer two successful downsizings in Mobil’s R&E division. In both cases, the organization became stronger and morale was restored in a short time.
Facilitated intensive meetings between non-aligned parts of R&D with dramatic results. One such ten-day intervention led to the establishment of cutting edge practices and a new organizational design involving Mobil’s R&E and Mobil’s refineries.
Successfully led a team of clients and senior members of The Office of Patent Counsel to address significant problems in the performance of the Office of Patent Counsel.
Designed and managed a curriculum of thirteen courses that meet the needs of 3,000 diverse technical, scientific and administrative professionals and managers.

Corporate Planning, Aramco: Dhahran, Saudi Arabia, on loan from Mobil Oil, 1983-1984
Planning analyst

Developed and taught a course on capital project justification to over 1,000 managers and professionals in Saudi Arabia as a part of a major effort by Aramco to improve the capital allocation process. Also served as a planning consultant working with IT on its capital project expenditure proposals.

Other Roles

Training Specialist: Corporate Training, Mobil Oil, 1979-1982
Manager, Training and Organizational Development: HBJ (Publishing), 1977-1979
Manager, Training: Operations Division, Chase Bank, 1975-1977
Training Analyst: Operations Division, Chase Bank, 1974

Education

BA, Holy Cross College, History, Worcester, MA
MA, Columbia University, Social Psychology & Education, New York City

Training Certifications

InsideOut Coaching
Zenger-Miller
DDI
Juran Quality
Xerox Learning - Professional Selling Skills Publications

“Making Mergers & Acquisitions Work,” The Journal Of Change Management, 2003
“Making M&A’s Successful,” number 3 in Henry Stewart series of talks on change available via Internet
“Leadership Transitions,” number 18 in Henry Stewart series of talks on change available via Internet
“The Strategic Challenges of Bringing a Radical Idea to The Market Place – The Case of Natural Golf,” self-published on www.change-management.net
“21st Century Brainstorming” – self published on www.change-management.net
“The Path to Opportunity” - self published on www.change-management.net
Creator of The Changing World Of Work, a series of 150 one-hour interviews with well-known business experts distributed on the internet between 2001 and 2006.

Professional Activities

Co-Coordinator Human Resource Planning Society Affiliates for three years
President of the New Jersey Human Resource Planning Group for two years
Board member of the New Jersey Human Resource Planning Group for seven years
Founder and head of ASTD’s Training Managers’ Forum for five years
Pro-bono consultant with Philadelphia Arts and Business Council
Contact this candidate