GP Gabrielle Palaita
Sacramento, CA ***** 916-***-****
ad6etb@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY
Responsible Property Manager committed to ensuring safe and comfortable environment for residents as well as advocating for needs of building board. SKILLS Community Engagement Tenant and eviction laws Daily Operations Management Property Inspections
Financial budgeting and reporting Workplace Safety Vendor Management Property Management
Verbal and written communication Time Management
WORK HISTORY COMMUNITY MANAGER 05/2021 to 05/2024
New Earth Residential Sacramento, CA
Addressed and resolved tenant complaints and inquiries, maintaining high satisfaction.
Continuously assessed community goals and objectives, making data-driven decisions to align strategies with overall organizational priorities.
Conducted regular inspections to identify needed improvements and maintain highest standards.
Strengthened vendor relationships and enhanced revenue streams by applying business development opportunities.
Strengthened relationships with local community organizations, enhancing referral networks for potential applicants.
Maintained up-to-date knowledge of HUD regulations, ensuring accurate information dissemination to both tenants and landlords. Collected, completed, and processed lease applications. Developed marketing strategies to attract new tenants, ultimately improving occupancy rates.
Managed daily and weekly marketing and leasing plans. Managed lease agreements from inception to termination, ensuring legal compliance and minimizing potential disputes between parties. Organized and hosted community events, fostering a positive living environment for tenants.
Monitored and tracked payments and expenses, providing timely and accurate financial reports.
Provide weekly reports and go over budget
ASSISTANT MANAGER 05/2021 to 05/2024
Family Dollar Sacramento, CA
Supervised day-to-day operations to meet performance, quality and service expectations.
Maintained a clean, safe, and organized store environment to enhance the customer experience.
Developed strong working relationships with staff, fostering a positive work environment.
Monitored cash intake and deposit records, increasing accuracy, and reducing discrepancies.
Oversaw daily cash reconciliations, ensuring accurate financial reporting and minimizing discrepancies.
EDUCATION High School Diploma 06/2005
Galt High School, Galt, CA
Contact this candidate