EDUCATION
OBJECTIVE
ERIC SUTULOVICH
CONTACT
713-***-****
ad6gr8@r.postjobfree.com
**** ****** ****** ***
Flowery Branch, GA 30542
EXPERTISE
Leadership
Team Development
Presentations
Communication
Training & Mentoring
Culture Building
Recruitment
Problem Solving
Accountability
Business Development
Relationship Building
Organization
MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION
Louisiana Tech University
1999
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE, MARKETING
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
2021- PRESENT
BUFORD, GA
VICE PRESIDENT OF SOUTHEAST REGION
Bordner Home Improvement
2018 - Present
Flowery Branch, GA
SALES MANAGER
Game Ready (CoolSystems® Inc)
2018 - 2021
Concord, CA
Special Teams Coordinator
Cherokee Bluff High School
Lead, train, and manage all aspects of the company. Oversee finances, goals, budgets, and accounts receivable. Direct all marketing activities, including social media, lead generation, and networking. Recruit, train, and ensure accountability of employees. Manage day-to-day operations and resolve customer issues. Developed client relationships and educated on product offerings. Directed sales strategies and activities for a company providing cold and compression therapy. Coordinated with doctors, delivered products, and managed documentation. Worked directly with kickers, punters, and snappers. Managed all aspects of special teams, including depth charts, schemes, and practice plans. Coordinated middle school and JV teams.
2008
Detroit, MI
Offensive Quality Control (Asst. TE/OL)
Detroit Lions
Analyzed game film, compiled statistics, and charted opponent tendencies. Assisted in weekly game plan preparation and scouting reports. 2006
Lawrence, KS
Quality Control Coordinator
University of Kansas
Assisted with game preparations, focusing on kickers and long snappers. COACHING EXPERIENCE
2009-2018
Flowery Branch, GA
Assistant Special Teams Coach
Atlanta Falcons
Assisted in all phases of special teams operations. Coached in Super Bowl 51 and two NFC Championship games. Contributed to Falcons' top 10 NFL rankings in special teams performance. 2002-2006
Houston, TX
Assistant Special Teams Coach
Houston Texans
Assisted in all phases of special teams.
Contributed to top team rankings in special teams metrics. Coached players who received NFL honors and Pro Bowl selections. ADDITIONAL SKILLS AND
QUALIFICATIONS
Extensive NFL coaching experience with multiple playoff appearances and Super Bowl participation.
Strong leadership and team-building skills from high school to professional levels. Proven ability to manage budgets, develop strategic plans, and foster positive relationships. Business acumen with expertise in marketing and organizational management. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with a track record of effective collaboration. SALES MANAGER / COO 2018 - 2021
Rapid Response Roofing & Restoration Suwanee, GA
Managed sales activities from initial contact to project completion. Conducted roof analysis, communicated with adjusters, and closed deals. Ordered materials, scheduled crews, and maintained client relationships Louisiana Tech University
1997
Dedicated and accomplished
professional with extensive experience
in leadership roles, seeking a
challenging position. Proven track
record of team development and
achieving success in competitive
environments. Adept at managing
multiple aspects of programs, fostering
positive relationships, and driving
continuous improvement.
SALES REPRESENTATIVE 2006-2007
Sanofi Aventis Kansas City, MO
Cultivated client relationships through lunches, dinners, seminars, and networking events. Identified sales opportunities and promoted brand awareness by reviewing market trends. Led three out of four products to the top market position.
Contact this candidate