JULIE RAFINE
New Port Richey, FL *****
ad6h7m@r.postjobfree.com / 856-***-****
SUMMARY
Results-driven Sales Manager bringing demonstrated record of progressive growth and accomplishment in Hospitality industry. Proactive manager and strategic problem-solver with record of achieving challenging profit goals while consistently acquiring new customers,
SKILLS
Sales tracking
Brand-building strategies
Rapport and relationship building
Contract negotiation expertise
Account development
Entertainment Market knowledge
Business development
Persuasive negotiations
Excellent communication skills
Communication and engagement techniques
Compelling leadership skills
EXPERIENCE
Director of Sales / Hilton - Mount Laurel, NJ 06/2021 - 04/2024 Maintained active sales contacts with assigned accounts to keep communication open and capture consistent revenue.
Improved training to reduce knowledge gaps and eliminate performance roadblocks. Pursued sales deals by qualifying clients, building individualized proposals and preparing final contracts. Strategically managed revenue streams by establishing sales targets, deployment strategies and go-to-market initiatives.
Researched competitors and stayed on top of current market conditions to survey landscape and anticipate roadblocks.
Conducted community tours to prospective residents and families and followed up to support decision process. Identified, developed and maintained relationships with key customers and partners. Developed and implemented sales strategies to maximize revenue growth. Senior Sales Manager / Hilton - Phila, PA 12/2010 - 03/2020 Partnered with marketing team to align sales strategy with brand messaging across all communication channels. Boosted team morale and overall sales volume by creating employee incentive sales contests. Formalized sales process to enhance operations and promote acquisition of new customers. Elevated sales to $1 million by being part of complete sales cycle process. Projected more than $1 million in sales during 1 year and achieved 150% of target. Supported all sales team members to drive growth and development. Maintains professional network of potential clients and business opportunities. Senior Sales Manager / Holiday Inn - Swedesboro, NJ 03/2007 - 01/2010 Maintained active sales contacts with assigned accounts to keep communication open and capture consistent revenue.
JR
Pursued sales deals by qualifying clients, building individualized proposals and preparing final contracts. Developed and presented creative ideas to internal stakeholders and customers to initiate new programs and successful sales initiatives.
Researched competitors and stayed on top of current market conditions to survey landscape and anticipate roadblocks.
Increased business revenue through proactive management of relationships and sales strategies. Sales Manager / Holiday Inn - Swedesboro, NJ 07/2000 - 03/2007 Partnered with marketing team to align sales strategy with brand messaging across all communication channels. Boosted team morale and overall sales volume by creating employee incentive sales contests. Formalized sales process to enhance operations and promote acquisition of new customers. Supported all sales team members to drive growth and development. Kept up with latest trends and recommended enhancements to enhance company product offerings. Sales Coordinator / Holiday Inn - Swedesboro, NJ 10/1999 - 07/2000 Prepared and processed contracts and order forms for new and existing customers. Implemented consultative sales techniques to generate revenues and exceed sales targets. Introduced customers to new offerings and updated accounts. Coordinated and finalized sales proposals to complete purchases. Developed template email responses to streamline client communication. Formalized sales process to enhance operations and promote acquisition of new customers. Fostered relationships with customers to expand customer base and enhance loyalty and retention. Utilized up-sells, sale closing tactics and customer retention incentives to increase company sales annually. Front Desk Supervisor / Holiday Inn - Swedesboro, NJ 08/1995 - 10/1999 Generated reports detailing daily actions, including guest numbers, accounting expenses and income and room service usage.
Directed all front desk operations with focus on hotel reputation, staff productivity and operational efficiency. Managed guest check-in and check-out procedures, reservations and payments. Mentored new staff on correct procedures, compliance requirements and performance strategies. Created and optimized employee schedules to secure proper coverage for all shifts. Front Desk Associate / Holiday Inn - Swedesboro, NJ Arranged special accommodations for guests to maintain optimal satisfaction. Collaborated with housekeeping and maintenance staff to address and mitigate facility issues. Monitored reservations to track incoming parties and special events. Managed guest check-in and check-out procedures, reservations and payments. EDUCATION AND TRAINING
High School Diploma 06/1987
Woodstown High School - Woodstown, NJ
Contact this candidate