STEVEN MISUN
414-***-**** Mount Pleasant, WI, ***06 ad6iox@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/steven-misun

ENGINEERING & BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT LEADER
Engineering & Business Development Director / Senior Program Manager with extensive experience in engineering, global operations, strategic account management and business development. Expertise in Commercial, Industrial and Defense sectors including ship control systems, power systems and controls, automotive electronics, start-up initiatives, and high-volume production. Recognized as a trusted and collaborative leader who builds strong relationships and leads by example.

DEMONSTRATED SKILLS INCLUDE:
Capturing New OEM Business New Business Development Cultivating OEM Relationships Researching Leads
Customer Satisfaction Leadership Program Management Salesforce, CRM and CONCUR Sales Strategy
Problem Solving Presenting Proposals Business Relationship Management Contract Negotiations 80/20
Building Cross Functional Teams & Mentoring Competitive Analysis Manufacturing Operations Trade Shows

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SJM & ASSOCIATES, LLC Racine, WI Present
Owner
Full-service consulting firm with expertise in New Business Development, Program Management and Operation segments to government and commercial customers.

WARD LEONARD CT LLC (FAIRBANKS MORSE DEFENSE) Thomaston, CT 2018 - May 2023
Since 1898 Ward Leonard has been providing mission-critical motors, controllers, MV Load Centers and electrical components to the Defense Industry. The highly engineered solutions operate in a wide variety of military arenas - including on virtually every surface and subsurface ship in the US Navy and other navies.
Manager of Business Development
Developed and implemented Business Development strategies to capture new business from existing local shipyard customers/ distributors and develop new contacts/customers across the North America, Canadian, European, and Asia Pacific shipbuilding enterprise.

Led growth of Full MIL-SPEC Motors, Motor Controls, Load Centers, Variable Frequency Drives & shipboard control systems.
Established and nurtured relationships with business partnerships to grow accounts and market share in new territories.
Capture Manager for FFG (X) Motor Controls, ABT, VFD and Switchboard Programs.
Guided, mentored and led DDG 51 Motor Controls Re-Compete Program remote location design teams which culminated with a 10-year noncompetitive $40 million plus contract
Founding 80/20 Implementation Team member focused on Distribution Channel and A/C Induction Motor Line.
Continued to strengthen relationships with key Original Equipment Manufacturers and Navy stakeholders including NAVSEA, NAVSESPD, NAVSEA Port Hueneme, Electric Boat, Austal USA, Newport News Shipbuilding, Bath Iron Works, Ingalls Shipbuilding, Eastern Shipyard, Marine Group Boat Works, VT Halter Shipyards, Bollinger Shipyards, Fincantieri Marinette Marine Group, and numerous other private shipyards.
Assumed additional responsibilities as Regional Account Manager role at FMM covering various Fairbanks Morse Defense companies including Ward Leonard, Maxim Watermakers, Hunt Valve, Federal Equipment, RT@D, and Welin Lambie.

FAIRLEAD INTEGRATED POWER & CONTROLS, Chesapeake, VA 2015 - 2018
A veteran-owned small business supplier of integrated electrical and mechanical systems, electrical design and product development, large, fabricated structures, and precision machined components.
Director of Business Development
Developed and implemented business development strategies to capture new business from existing local shipyard customers and developed new customers across the North America, Canadian & European shipbuilding enterprise.
Led growth of MIL-COTS Motor Controls, Variable Frequency Drives, and numerous shipboard control systems.
Established and nurtured relationships with business partnerships to grow accounts and market share in new territories.
Built and strengthened relationships with key OEM/Navy stakeholders including NAVSES, Electric Boat, Newport News..

Steven Misun ad6iox@r.postjobfree.com Page 2

EARLIER ROLES INCLUDED
DRS TECHNOLOGIES- POWER CONTROL TECHNOLOGIES, Milwaukee, WI
Global supplier of defense electronic systems providing high-technology products and services to government and commercial customers.
Manager II Business Development
Supported development and implementation of Business Development organization from inception, with focus on Motor Controls and Drives solutions, LV & MV Switchboard and Load Center products. Led planning and pursuit of current and future capture strategies on new and existing ship platforms for US Navy and International opportunities.
Maintained relationships with key OEM customers and Navy stakeholders.
As Capture Manager for Littoral Combat Ship (LCS) Program led, guided, and mentored remote location design teams which culminated with this competitive contract awarded more than $10M.
Increased marketing communications and sales via corporate web site and updated product catalog and tradeshow participation.
International/Foreign Military Sales point of contact for the Australian Air Warfare Destroyer (AWD) and VSE N-Star FMS FFG Program.
Senior Program Manager
Led multi-functional project team to design and develop motor control and network communication systems.
Primary customer contact for new product development.
Directed design team to resolve design deficiencies in Motor Controllers at controller and shipboard level that resulted in successful and timely launch of CVN76 and CVN77 Aircraft Carriers.
Selected and implemented team to redesign/qualify Overload Relay and Communications Module, upgrading technology and enhancing capabilities.

DELPHI DELCO ELECTRONICS SYSTEMS, Oak Creek, WI
Global systems integrator of automotive electronics including integrated buss electrical centers, body computer modules, security systems, navigation systems and remote keyless systems.
Senior Project Manager
Managed eight projects worldwide with a staff of 19 and budgets up to $11 million.
Program Team Leader / Product Line Planner
Led global multi-functional project team for three automotive projects with a staff of 12 and directed budgets up to $6 million.
Produced and maintained product line plan for North America Body Electronics Group and communicated plan regularly.

EDUCATION & TRAINING
Bachelor Science Electrical Engineering Tech/Associate Computer Science, Milwaukee School of Engineering, Milwaukee, WI
Associate Diploma in Electronics and Television Servicing, Milwaukee Area Technical College, Milwaukee, WI
Shipley Capture Planning and Proposal Writing / Decision Mapping / Strategy Mindset
Leadership Development Institute / Currently enrolled UW-Milwaukee PMP Certification Boot Camp

ORGANIZATIONS
President Marine Machinery Association
Naval and Maritime Consortium
USS Milwaukee LCS-5 Commissioning Committee
IEEE, ASNE, Surface Navy Association, Aircraft Industrial Base and Naval Submarine League

CLEARANCE
Held Secret Security Clearance / ITAR Compliance
Contact this candidate