JOHN T. MOORE, JR. – M.B.A.
** *. ****** ***. • Arlington Heights, IL 60005 • ad6jik@r.postjobfree.com • 630-***-**** www.linkedin.com/in/jtmjr
SALES MANAGEMENT
Strategic Sales Planning / Market Expansion / Relationship Management Dynamic, entrepreneurial territory sales management strategist with a 20+ year record of achievement and demonstrated success driving sales growth while providing sales leadership in highly competitive markets. Adept at driving growth of company revenues and improving sales performance. Tenacious in building new business, securing customer loyalty, and forging strong relationships with external business partners. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Regional Sales Manager, Jul 2023 – Dec 2023
HED Controls, Hartford, Wisconsin
Enabling Original Equipment Manufactures sourcing of controls, keypads, displays and telematics for off- highway vehicles. Oversee strategic sales and business development functions, OEM account management, customer relationship development, and contract negotiations. Core responsibilities included developing and managing relationships for engineered solutions for complex customized OEM vehicle applications. Responsibilities:
Develop and manage networks of key decision makers within new and existing customer relationships. with global OEM accounts.
Manage the largest territory of OEM customers with approximately $15M in annual sales.
Responsible for entire sales cycle from lead generation, RFI/RFQ and support development proposals, to closing.
Attend conferences and trade shows targeting the specific niche markets for on-highway vehicles and off-highway vehicle applications.
Business Development Manager, EV Jan 2022 – Feb 2023 Plastic Omnium, Elkhart, Indiana
Enabling Original Equipment Manufactures sourcing of batteries and powertrain systems for Battery Electric and Fuel Cell vehicles. Oversee strategic international sales and business development functions, OEM account management, customer relationship development, and contract negotiations. Core responsibilities included selling of highly engineered solutions for complex customized OEM vehicle applications. Selected Achievements:
Develop and manage networks of key decision makers within new and existing customer relationships. with global OEM accounts.
Manage the largest two OEM customers with approximately $20M in annual sales.
Responsible for entire sales cycle from lead generation, RFI/RFQ and support development proposals, to closing.
Attend conferences and trade shows targeting the specific niche markets for EV vehicles and Fuel Cell powered vehicles and stationary power applications. Business Development Manager, 2013 – 2020
Curtiss-Wright, Arlington Heights, Illinois
Oversee strategic international sales and business development functions, OEM account management, customer relationship development, and contract negotiations. Core responsibilities included selling of highly JOHN MOORE
Page Two
engineered solutions for complex customized OEM vehicle applications. Markets included heavy truck, defense, off-highway equipment.
Selected Achievements:
Developed and managed strategic customer relationships with global OEM accounts. Managed the largest OEM customer with approximately $29M in annual sales.
Achieved Global Design Win Leader in 2015, 2017, & 2018. This award is determined by the sales leader who has achieved the largest new business revenue out of the ~40 global sales members.
Focused on strategic core niche strengths and product platforms for both on-highway vehicles and off highway products.
Developed and managed strategic customer relationships with large OEMs, focusing on current core niche products and developing broader strategic presence resulting in new business generated for 2021.
Key role in developing other strategic programs outside current niche including the Electric Vehicle, Agriculture, Construction equipment markets.
National Strategic Accounts Manager, 2011 - 2013
HN Precision, Inc., Lake Bluff, Illinois
Oversee strategic sales and business development functions, key account management, customer relationship development, contract negotiations, and order fulfillment. Design, implement, and adjust various sales plans and programs for a variety of customers, with a focus on consultative turnkey based sales and relationship building.
Selected Achievements:
Developed and managed strategic customer relationship with Caterpillar, focusing on untapped divisions such as Wheeled Loaders & Excavators, OHV, Tract type, Transmissions, and other off highway products not previously penetrated resulting in $5,000,000.00 business launched in 2012.
Developed and managed strategic customer relationship with Cummins, focusing on current core niche products and developing broader strategic presence resulting in $1,200,000.00 in new business generated in 2012.
Key role in developing other strategic programs outside current niche including ElectroMotive Diesel.
Provided leadership, strategic development, and direction with potential new key account targets that parallel current annual strategic business development plan for adding one account per year that would result in adding at least $1,000,000.00 in value-add revenue per year. Sales Manager, 2006 - 2011
Acme Industries, Inc., Elk Grove Village, Illinois Oversee strategic sales and business development functions, key account management, customer relationship development, and contract negotiations. Provide strategic counsel and direction for key field sales team members regarding target markets and customers. Design, implement, and adjust various sales plans and programs for a variety of customers, with a focus on consultative turnkey based sales and relationship building. Selected Achievements
Responsible for developing two new strategic customers annually that resulted in at least an additional
$1,000,000.00 in new value-add revenue. Focused on larger OEM targets within strategic markets with companies such as Caterpillar, Komatsu, Detroit Diesel, AxleTech Inc., NOV, Siemens Winergy, and Agco.
Provided leadership, strategic development, and direction with key field sales representatives within target markets.
Effectively coordinated and drove numerous process and material improvement events with existing strategic accounts to maintain healthy profitability and improve long term customer relationships. JOHN MOORE
Page Two
Territory Sales Manager, 1997 - 2006
Vico Associates, Inc., Vernon Hills, Illinois
Oversee all sales and business development functions, including new product rollouts, key account management, customer relationship development, contract negotiations, and order fulfillment. Provide strategic counsel and direction for key principles in target markets and customers. Design, implement, and adjust various sales plans and programs for a variety of customers, with a focus on solution based sales and relationship building.
Selected Achievements:
Developed strategic relationships with the major OEMs in the Pacific Northwest, resulting in sales growth of 300%. Extensive experience with companies such as Freightliner, PACCAR, NACCO, Genie Industries, Harpers, and Veris.
Responsible for Northeast territory for three years, calling on a variety of OEM customers such as Ingersol Rand, JLG, Sun Microsystems, APC, and Middle Atlantic Products. Met or exceeded all goals throughout tenure, averaging 20 percent growth annually.
Prior to departure, laid ground work for doubling sales in Michigan and Ohio territories within the next 18 months. Consistently developed strong, sustainable relationships with key accounts, VAR partners and executive decision makers.
Corporate Credit Manager, 1993 - 1997
Abbott Laboratories
Credit Supervisor, 1991 - 1993
Deutsche Corp
EDUCATION & TRAINING
Master of Business Administration (MBA), 1996 – Loyola University – Chicago, IL Bachelor of Science, Finance (BS), 1991 – Southern Illinois University – Carbondale, IL
Contact this candidate