ANDREW FIGUEROA
Valley Stream, NY *****
ad6lg9@r.postjobfree.com
954-***-****
Dynamic results-driven sales leader with 20+ years experience in organizational development and management. Proven ability to identify prospects, develop and implement strategic plans, and drive profit growth. History of building and maintaining collaborative relationships with C-level executives and staff at all levels. Track record of mentoring, coaching, and managing high-performing teams. Strong presentation, negation and closing skills.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Senior Sales Executive-Commercial Sales
Go Solar Power - Boca Raton, FL
June 2019 to Present
Responsibilities include qualification, design, presentation and sales of potential prospect either in person or via the telephone throughout Florida, GA, SC, NC, AL. Also manage the Spanish only sales team. Sales Manager
Bison Roofing and Solar LLC - Oakland Park, FL
February 2018 to May 2019
Roofing and Solar Company
Responsible for the day to day sales operations. Managed and directed team of 7 outside sales people marketing Broward and Palm Beach County. Improved sales process, doubled sales in both roofing and solar. Implemented process improvement strategies to help increase sales, identifying and qualifying prospects to educate about solar and the benefits. Senior Sales Executive
Go Solar LLC - Delray Beach, FL
June 2016 to December 2017
Solar Consulting Company providing customized solar systems to Florida homeowners. Designed and developed marketing presentation for new prospects. Manage and negotiate contracts with homeowners to convert to Solar Energy. Recruited and negotiated lead generation program with POUR. Redesigned business model in order to implement new business development plan focused on net new accounts.
• Signed 216 new Solar Systems in Florida, over $6.2 million in Gross Sales. National Procurement/Customer Retention Manager
Red Fern, LLC - Boca Raton, FL
October 2013 to March 2016
Start-up National medical receivables purchasing organization. Managed medical practice accounts and new business development in public and private medical institutions to help fund outstanding medical receivables. Help create Casualty Medical Plan, assisting uninsured/underinsured accident victims obtain medical care by providing guaranteed reimbursement to medical providers for the necessary treatment.
Senior Purchasing Manager
NuPoint Funding LLC - Boca Raton, FL
March 2012 to August 2013
National funding company providing recipients of annuity structured settlements cash disbursement. Hired to manage the Purchasing process of intricate financial settlements using Time Value of Money to provide fair market value purchase of Structure Annuity Payments. Supervised inside sales team and implemented sales training program.
Directed sales reps and funding support strategies.
• Achieved top ranking nationwide with annual quota of $1.28M. VP/Branch Manager
1st Continental Mortgage - Fort Lauderdale, FL
June 2005 to December 2011
National Mortgage Loan Originator, Fort Lauderdale Branch Hired as VP/Sales Manager to open local branch office and hired and trained lead broker. Helped develop marketing and lead programs targeting local real estate borker firms.
• Achieved top 5 Branch recognition nationwide in 2006 • Directed sales and cross-functional teams in developing process improvement that led to faster closings and new lead strategies. AVP/Sales Manager
First Rate Mortgage Corp - Hollywood, FL
August 2002 to June 2005
National mortgage loan originator.
Hired as Mortgageg Loan Officer, promoted to AVP within 6 months. Helped establish sub-prime lending market and processes, led a team of loan officers, hired and trained new originators. Developed training and development programs for
Loan Officers.
Senior Accout Representative
Edmin.com, Inc - San Diego, CA
January 2000 to March 2002
U.S. Navy
March 1992 to December 1999
Start-up ASP to School Districts K-12
Hired as Account Representative to help school districts define learning methods and use Edmin.com's ASP platform to align student achievement to Standards Based Curriculum. Travelled to Expo's and conferences to demonstrate the Edmin
Suite of Educational resources that help teachers align curriculum to develop student achievement. Education
BA in Organizational Development
Chapman University - Orange, CA
Skills
• Account Management
• Cold Calling
• CRM
• process
improvement (10+ years)
• competitive sales (10+ years)
• Sales
• business process improvement (10+ years)
• Data Entry
• Inventory Management
• Client relations (10+ years)
• Salesforce
• MS Office
• training (10+ years)
• Powerpoint
• Business Development
• Contract Negotiation
• Inside Sales
• Outside Sales
• Management
• Negotiation
Assessments
Management & leadership skills: Impact & influence — Proficient May 2024
Choosing the most effective strategy to inspire and influence others to meet business objectives Full results: Proficient
Sales skills — Proficient
March 2024
Influencing and negotiating with customers
Full results: Proficient
Outside sales — Proficient
March 2024
Understanding and responding appropriately in sales scenarios, and performing common sales calculations
Full results: Proficient
Inside sales — Proficient
April 2024
Understanding and responding appropriately in sales scenarios, and performing common sales calculations
Full results: Proficient
Supervisory skills: Motivating & assessing employees — Proficient February 2021
Motivating others to achieve objectives and identifying improvements or corrective actions Full results: Proficient
Sales skills — Proficient
February 2021
Influencing and negotiating with customers
Full results: Proficient
Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.
Contact this candidate