Neptali B. Quijada
***** ******* ******** *****
Apt 402 Orlando Florida 32837
email: ad6op5@r.postjobfree.com

Dear Sales Manager:

I am forwarding my resume to your attention in hope of joining your organization in a sales/marketing capacity. As an expert sales professional with 15 years of extensive sales and account management experience,
I offer the enthusiasm to generate new business as well as the knowledge and drive to increase existing revenue.

In addition to a strong work ethic, I emphasize a focus on quality, professionalism, and business development. My background also includes sales training, sales incentives, channel marketing, and senior account management.

Attached, please find my resume as a first step in exploring the possibilities of employment with your company. I welcome the opportunity to arrange a personal interview at your earliest convenience.
I can be reached at 917-***-****.
Thank you in advance for your time and consideration.

Sincerely.

Neptali B. Quijada

PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE
Seeking a challenging sales/marketing account management position with long-term growth potential, ideally representing high quality products and services with a strong organization.

EXPERIENCE:
Saint Thomas South Produce
2019 – 2022 Outside Sales Freelance Between Orlando Florida to New York City.
Sales/Forward Distribution Developed customer base through cold calling and prospect cultivation.
Managed all forward distribution operations including sales, inventory and business development.
Implemented plan for set-up and operation of Northeast and Southeast forward distribution program.
WINKLEBLACKS
Jan. 2017 to Dec. 2019 – SALES SUPERVISOR, NEW YORK, NEW JERSEY, CONNECTICUT
Product: Salads, Fruits, Sandwiches, Yogurts Parfaits
Calling on accounts and ensuring that assigned accounts are visited and their needs are met in keeping with company standards and client needs, building and maintaining relationships with supermarkets chain and independents and Foods Distributors, entertainment/media, merchandising, sales and marketing promotions at special events, trade show, demos and tasting, some overnight travels.
Keeping up to date on company brands and competitive brands all other pertinent information.

DINAS FOOD CORPORATIONS – JAMAICA QUEENS NY
Jan 2012 to Nov. 2016 – Sales Manager
Product: Imports Foods/Beverages
Promoted to turnaround stagnant, underperforming Brands, overturned all areas of product development, packaging, pricing,
Open new accounts, merchandise, distributing and brand positioned whiting New York, New Jersey and Connecticut areas.
Providing new strategic direction and leadership for all products lines consisting of 300, leveraging product innovation launch and growth strategies supervised and training 15 sales representative, organized and conducted sales meeting.
Expanded territory to increasing sales visited and supervised performance in Supermarket chains and Independents stores, delis, grocery stores, Restaurants, Bagel stores, gourmet stores and Bakeries.
Refined skills in marketing and merchandising. Organized supermarket displays for products from Central and South America

RANCHO LATINO – Berlin, MD
Jan 2009 to Dec 2011 – Northeast Account Executive New York home office
Product: Frozen Foods
Manage northeast sales team (comprised of seven members) to visit 600 supermarkets in NY, NJ, and CT. Analyze sales numbers and territory to improve overall sales and marketing.
Work in conjunction with White Rose and Krasdale distributors to allocate our products to major supermarket chains, such as Associated, Compare, Met Food, Pioneer, Western Beef, C-Town, Bravo, Key Food, Bogopa supermarkets and restaurants.
Expand territory by seeking out independent distributors, such as New York Produce, US Foodservice, Sysco Food Service, Victory Food Service, Jetro and Restaurant Depot.
Conducted and presentations at supermarkets and semi-annual trade shows.
Emphasized point of sales to highlight the value of our products.
Reconcile issues affecting our clients escalated by the sales team. Ensure client satisfaction.
PARADISE DISTRIBUTORS - EAST ELMHURTS QUEENS, NY
Feb. 2005 to Dec. 2008 – Sales Supervisor
Product: Imports Foods/Beverages
Performed cold calls within NYC sales territory. Established and maintained approximately 250 accounts with dealers and individual customers.
Hired, supervised and training 12 sales representative, organized and conducted sales meeting.
Analyzed sales information from retail chains created strategic plans and monitored/modified distribution efforts to maximize sales. Open new accounts to expanded territory to increasing sales.
Visited and supervised performance in supermarket chains, independent stores, grocery stores, restaurants, and bakeries.
Refined skills in marketing/merchandising, organized supermarket displays for products from Central and South America.
EDUCATION: Venezuela Central University (Caracas, Venezuela)
Degree: Business Administration Concentration: Sales/Marketing and Psychology
SKILLS:
Technology: Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Lotus 1-2-3, Lotus Notes, Smart Sales, Goldmine and QuickBooks
Fluent in Spanish & English language
Contact this candidate