James (Tony) Ludlow
505-***-****
ad6rav@r.postjobfree.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/jamesaludlow

Summary

Results-oriented communications and technology executive with extensive experience in enringing, construction and operations. Experienced in telecommunications, broadband, VoIP, FTTH, Unified Communications, UMTS, network operations, IT, acquisitions, and business development. managing delivery of Network Solutions and Services to organizations at a global scale. Possesses a proven ability to research, test, and deploy next generation technology solutions that have a dramatic impact on revenue growth and profit margins. Business development and technical management experience is extensive and diverse from CLEC’s, Wireless/Wireline, Wi-Max, PBX, CMRS providers and business startups, providing project management, financial planning, mergers-acquisitions/closings, marketing strategy, operations, regulatory compliance, and staff development.

Senior leader with solid understanding at the strategic level of the technology that drives broadband communications (VoIP/Mobility/UC) and IT infrastructure solutions as a service. Enterprise provider, with strong background in requirements gathering, process mapping, data analysis, planning, costing, designing, and testing technologies. Accountable for P&L’ s in network engineering, construction, contract managed services, and operations of legacy and next generation networks with proven ability to maximize gross margins, reduce SG&A, drive EBITDA, defer capital spending to success based, increase free cash flow, drive IRR, and NPV. Responsible for successfully managing, creating, designing, and turning up services that includes Data & Voice Services SDWAN /MPLS/Metro Ethernet - Hosted/Cloud PBX/VoIP.

Motivated Achiever
One of the rare individuals with the capability of completing a Business Performa, designing, installing, and operating legacy and next generation switching platforms.
Managed operations and administrative functions including development of organization business plan, financial planning, staffing, reporting, and budgeting, budget control, development and monitoring of policies and procedures, including achievement of all established organization goals.

PMO/Program Management.
Managed project teams consisting of cross-functional roles Business SMEs, Business Analysts, Engineers, Developers, Infrastructure Specialists, Systems Administrators, IT Service Management Specialists.
Managing large projects over a complete life cycle from requirements analysis through deployment and production monitoring.

Contract Negotiations
Interconnection agreements (ICA’s) with SBC, Qwest, Verizon, GTE, Bell South, Bell Atlantic, MCI, Sprint, ACS, Hawaiian Telephone, AT&T Corp for access to integrated data services/tandem access.
Contractual agreements digital services with Globalcom, L3, AT&T, Verizon-MCI, BroadVox, Peerless, Intelequint, Vonage, RCN Adelphia Business Solutions, ICG, e. spire, PacWest, and 360 Networks, and Electric Lightwave.
Experience

One Source Network Solutions 1SNS.BIZ, Rio Rancho, NM
Program Manager, March 2016 to Present
Independent consultant providing quantitative analysis, sourcing, optimization, and operations research for New Horizons, eNetwork, Altman & Vilandrie, Charter Comm.& Verizon Wireless.
SME providing consulting services from planning, managing, and executing on enterprise solutions.
Detailed analysis on IMS Core and Soft Switch integration/operability.
Financial Analysis on copper upgrade for tier 2 and tier 3 provider including FTTH – DWDM (350 exchanges), 1305 Remote hubs, and soft switch replacement for 3 million customers (47 tandems), included analysis upgrade for CRM, Ticketing, Network Monitoring, and Billing.
PM Charter providing leadership and technical skills, interacting as a liaison for Duke Net, Planning and EDO groups business users as well as management teams
oManaged core network system implementations (routers, switches, cpe devices) to meet customer network readiness dates.
oPartnered with Engineers, PMO, complex design, installation and operations managing project delivery.

Citrix Communications LLC, Seattle, WA.
Director-GM- Program Manager CLEC, February 2013 to February 2016
Director/PM responsible for business planning, design/implementation/operations of a nationwide switching platform to support voice platforms for Citrix Mobility Applications G2 product line and Open Voice toll free conferencing.
Insured: EF&I, provisioning of high quality and cost-effective communications related voice services within Citrix Communications LLC (CComm) a subsidiary of Citrix Mobility Applications.
Delivered: Best-in-class delivery of voice/data services.
oDrove tNPS scores for Citrix Mobility Applications 10 points greater than its competitor.
oNon-generating revenue company, producing over $7 million in revenue (recovery credits) and net savings (TF) yearly (certified CLEC with only 1 account Citrix).
Operating: (9) states with over 350 million PSTN Mou’s monthly providing voice TDM and SIP/IP services for G2M/G2W/G2T while maintaining (5) 9’s stability via a nationwide switching platform using GenBand (Genesys) softswitch (C3/G9), TNS SS7, Genesys and Sonus SBC’s (while maintaining SLA’s, CALEA and 911).
Managed: North American carrier relations, including Transport/NPA-NXX/CIC Codes/LCR/LERG/SMS 800
oOverall network operations including Data centers, collocations, provisioning, service delivery scheduling, installations, dispatch, troubles (call center) and NOC support (BOSS/OSS Agile environment).

One Source Network Solutions 1SNS.BIZ, Seattle, WA.
Program Manager, January 2008, to January 2013
Providing independent program / product management and consulting solutions to enterprise-wide technology companies and analyst, AT&T via Tekmark (Ericsson, Alcatel-Lucent, HP, Juniper, Cisco) PSE, TTCSI, Altman & Vilandrie, and Bluefish Capital (formally with CSMG). Coordinated key business strategy activities, prepared infrastructure design (IDR), and allocated technical resources required for project delivery, including engineering resources, procurement, budget forecasts, capital investment expenditures, and business case assessment.
May 2008 to January 2013
AT&T SOW: Program manager and technical data architect building AT&T Foundry’s and Virtual Labs/Data Centers to create a sandbox for trusted and third-party developers to have access to a non-production environment (cloud-USC) with enablers for a fast-track certification of Mobility applications, located in Plano, TX, Palo Alto, CA, and Raanana Israel.
Wireless WI-Max: Financial analysis and detailed business planning for start-up broadband Wi-max providers aimed at serving underdeveloped rural areas. Project/product management implementing CLEC/CMRS/UMTS interconnections for InterLata-IntraLata MTA traffic terminations at the wireless access tandems (ICA’s) and third-party transport providers to the POI. Coordinated SS7/ISUP/route sets/TCAP Queries/GTT.
FTTH/FTTC DWDM Contract Optimization Verizon/TTCSI: Program Manager responsible for organizing direction, task, and work order flow processes for an NW fiber optic construction company by maximizing strengths and reducing production weakness that drove increase in revenue from 1 million a month to 1.8 million a month over a three-month period. Increased production 111% while maintaining SG&A and driving EBITDA 45%. Free cash flow increased 32%. Managed ISP/OSP design, vendors and all SOW’s.

Clearwire US LLC, Kirkland, WA
Sr Director-Program Manager CLEC, July 2005 – January 2008
Directed a team of technical and project professionals to design, engineer, deploy and maintain a next generation nationwide VoIP network for Clearwire. Utilized Clearwire’s last mile advanced wireless broadband network based on G4 proprietary non-line-of-sight (UMTS) Orthogonal Frequency, Division Multiplexing, and OFDM technologies. Led the deployment of VoIP services in 34 markets (350 metropolitan areas), covering more than 8.5 million households. Drove Clearwire’s hybrid network architecture re-design, resulting in 65% reduction of network deployment costs (positive impact on Free Cash Flow 2009) and providing a more robust network, enabling additional features, and supporting fixed, portable and mobile service offerings (i.e., IMS, Mobile VoIP). Grew Year over Year Revenue from $2 Million in 2006 to $8 Million in 2007. Projected 2008 revenue of $15 Million. Managed initial Capital investment of $25 million.
Leadership: Directed team of 25 (8 + BCE) overall responsibility for business planning, operations, administration, project management, product development and provisioning (switching, signaling, intelligence network, messaging, directory, notification, etc.) of Clearwire’s VoIP network. Responsible for planning, process discovery, directing and controlling all CLEC activities in Texas, Hawaii and Alaska. Managed legislative and regulatory issues (ICA’s) within the State, and overall network operations including provisioning, service delivery scheduling, installations, tier support 1-3, dispatch, and trouble resolution.

Valor Business Solutions (CLEC, ILEC Valor Telecom/1SNS), Irving, TX.
Senior Director Engineering and Operations, September 2000-June 2005
Providing financial Performa, P&L’s, and closings for Valor Telecom an ILEC in Texas, implementing a VoIP, DSL, and Broadband Wireless edge out strategy. Directed all aspects of engineering and business planning from conceptualization, architecture design and implemented integrated solutions for next generation switching, security, and application platforms for a CLEC start up. Developed financial and operating plans, tracked and reporting on performance against plans.
PM Next Generation Switching Platforms: Directed end to end integration (EF&I) VoIP Toll Bypass New Mexico, Texas, and Oklahoma using Cisco 3600 routers, 5400 Gateways, SC 2200/10200 IP Cell Softswitch, Media Gateway Controller (MGC) software, and Signaling Link terminals. Identified carriers for interconnection, topologies and deployment scenarios. Reduced operating cost and recurring expenses by 1.2 million annually (16%).

Commonwealth Telephone Enterprises, Dallas, PA.
Senior Manager, Data Operations CLEC, June 1997-August 2000
Developed solution recommendations and provided complete project management. Responsible for the turnkey deployment of DSL throughout CTE serving areas, additional responsibility included managing P&L, installation, provisioning, network bandwidth allocation, compliance (911) and field installation for related DSL and CLEC UNE products. Collaborated team effort with company-wide research, development, product management, sales, and marketing groups to assess competitiveness of innovative technologies and assisted in pre-sales support activities, developed proposals and presentations.
Program Management: Directed the build out of a $100 million DSL rollout in 24 metropolitan tier 2 and tier 3 areas with electronics locations located strategically within 282 collocates.

Time Warner Cable, d.b.a. Paragon Cable of El Paso, El Paso, TX.
Sr Director, Technical Operations DLEC, January 1995-May 1997
Administered all aspects of local telecommunications and data operations for Paragon SW Division including managing telecommunications and data across enterprise, developing strategies, operational processes and procedures using legacy switching, digital transport technologies, software-controlled management systems, using Hybrid Fiber Coaxial (HFC) architecture.
Solution Architect: Launched TWC’s advanced communications network for multifamily properties in the El Paso and Irving, Texas areas using Fujitsu PBX hardware, providing solutions/retrofits - IDF/MDF. Managed telecommunications across enterprise, process discovery, developed strategies and operational processes and procedures using legacy switching/Digital transport technologies/Software-controlled management systems/Hybrid Fiber Coaxial (HFC) architecture.

Technology

Cloud Based Solutions- Carrier Services- Business Cable Services - Colocation, Network Core- t
Collocations, IXC Hotel - Interconnection
VoIP and Unified Communications
System Design (RF/Network/OSS)
LAN/WAN network design SD-WAN, MPLS
Network Optimization and System Performance
Core Infrastructure, Architecture Services
Regulatory Compliance (E-911/CALEA)
New Technology Migration and Implementation
Wireless Communication and Management
Contact this candidate