Mgr. XXXX XXXX
OBJECTIVE
Sales consultant services
to business clients
Ability to work closely
with end customers
Strong project
management capabilities
Strong strategic,
analytical, and planning
skills
Presentation skills
International trade show
presenter
SLOVAK CITIZEN
EDUCATION
Matej Bel University
Banska Bystrica
Master degree
CONTACT:
xxxxxxxx
EMAIL
ad6r63@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Experience:
More than 4 years sales representative - electronic parts. Experienced Territory Sales Representative with 4+ years of success in developing and maintaining relationships with end customers. Successfully increased territory sales of Integrated Circuits, Semiconductors, Capacitors, Resistors and Connectors. Research all local competitors, together with engineering department evaluate product of competitors, strengths and weaknesses, position on local market.
To prepare report with review of competitors. To collect as much as possible information incl. understanding their business strategies. Maintained strong relationships with customers to ensure customer satisfaction. Utilized customer feedback to develop sales strategies that increased customer retention. Develop and implement promotional programs that drove sales and achieved customer loyalty. Achieved 30 % rise in sales in designated territory. Monitored competitor’s activity and adjusted sales tactics accordingly. More than 8 years Head of software sales representative Extensive international sales experience. Manage existing customers as well as develop new business. Generate sales revenue. Manage and coordinate sales activities with customers/prospects using all routes to market internally and externally including marketing, brand reps & business partners. Manage whole sales process. Build relationships with customers (including business partners in various countries) and coordinated customer support across internal technical department. Create opportunity, resourcing, and negotiate closes. I drove
$1,5M in revenue/year. Sales representative with proven ability to make new territory in roads. Research all local competitors, evaluate product of competitors, strengths and weaknesses, position on local market, incl. hearing new local business partners – dealers. Managed business partners incl. visits in Mexico, Peru, Bolivia, Brazil, Russia, Vietnam, China, Philippines, Poland, Spain, Portuguese, Turkey, Greece and Serbia.
Experienced event planning and coordinating in national and international events. Participated in several international trade shows in UK, China or USA for example OFFSHORE TECHNOLOGY CONFERENCE (OTC), HOUSTON, USA. As a trade show presenter I worked in a trade show exhibitor's booth. I have invited the show's attendees, explained them about the exhibitor's products and services. During the 3 days I have collected approx. 1500 relevant business contacts (OTC).
More than 5 + Years Head of in house IT Recruiter / Talent Acquisition in various roles starting, Sr. Technical Recruiter & Talent Acquisition Specialist for UK.
A proven ability to recruit great talent, increase profit margins, reduce cost, define issues and propose solutions.
Develop sourcing models and plans to generate talent pipe, create and execute robust search strategies that will attract the best and brightest talents. Expertise in using advance Boolean searches and X-ray searches. Sourced resumes from various job portals such as Dice, Monster, CareerBuilder, Hotjobs, Computerworks, Tech fetch, Head hunting using Linkedin, Google X- ray tools etc. Knowledge of SEO (Search Engine Optimization) Keyword Research Using Google Keyword Planner Tool.
Contact this candidate