Kylie Froyen
San Diego ad6rqw@r.postjobfree.com 805-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Highly accomplished sales manager with extensive history in field sales, business development and sales education within the cosmetic, medical skincare, and pharmaceutical industries.
Award winner for developing new accounts with a proven track record in expanding business with existing customer base resulting in increased profits and sales volumes. Strong team player with exceptional motivational skills with the ability to maintain strategic relationships at all levels of an organization as well as cultivating strong relationships with clients.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Pierre-Fabre- Avene/Glytone Skin Care, San Diego County, Palm Springs, AZ, NV 02/2022-Present Territory Manager Dispensing
● Represent two professional only lines of skin care products to targeted Dermatologists, Plastic Surgeons,and Medspa owners in a designated geographical area.
● Maintain existing business with direct selling of products and executing pull through by offering promotions, in house events, and product knowledge training to staff.
● Attend trade shows
● Expand the territory by taking on new customers, post sale activities, training/ education
● Manage and update CRM with daily, weekly, monthly activities, forecasting and routing
● Demonstrate a strong work ethic while representing the Pierre-Fabre Foundation,with honesty,loyalty and professionalism at all times.

Expert MRI, San Diego County 07/2021-01/2021 Senior Account Executive
Promote MRI services with the latest in science and technology to advance injury diagnostics, while providing clients with access to state-of-the-art services that ensure accuracy and efficiency.
Sell MRI services for traumatic brain, neck and spine injury. Prospect to Orthopedic Surgeons, Neurologists, Internal Medicine, Sports Medicine, Pain Specialists, Otolaryngologists, Chiropractors,Pediatricians and Attorneys.
● Reporting and account management to grow the territory and business
● Attend several industry networking events
● Open new managed care accounts and grew existing business

Service Master Recovery Management, San Diego County 06/2020-06/2021
Business Development Manager
Sold restoration services for fire, flood and mold damage to insurance agents, property managers and HOA’s
●Prospect, negotiate and close agreements/contracts
●Reporting and strategic account management to grow the business

GM Collin Skin Care, Southern CA and Las Vegas 10/2011-01/2020
Business Development Representative
Sold two lines, Medical Grade Skincare line to Dermatologist, Plastic Surgeons plus natural skincare line Medi-Spas, Resorts and Hotels
●Grew account base by qualifying new business opportunity and selling direct B2B
●Introduced new medical skincare brand to Dermatology and Plastic Surgery market
●Provide expertise/knowledge/education/seminars to clients/prospects.
●Monitor production of top accounts, evaluate trends in current market/forecast sales.
●2014 - Highest in New Business Sales 2014
●2013 - #1 in USA Sales 2013, Circle of Excellence Award
●2011 – 2018 - Met and or exceeded all quotas

Dermaesthetics of Beverly Hill, Los Angeles County 06/2010 – 08/2011
Account Representative
Sold Skincare products and conduct education and training activities to provide selling tools and techniques to estheticians, schools, Dermatologists and medical spas.
●Distribute training materials for professional products and provide ongoing product ingredient training
●Present at professional sales events/expos, speaking or holding classes/demos at key industry functions.
●Educate Estheticians on protocol for professional acid peels /entire professional line of products & ingredients.

Moorpark Unified School District, Arroyo West Elementary 09/2006 - 06/2008
Speech/Language Specialist
Derived individual educational plans (IEP's), curriculum for each student with a team of professionals and helped each child meet their individual goals/objectives and benchmarks.
●Worked on goals IEP’s articulation, communication, pragmatics, language, fluency

Johnson & Johnson- Personal Products Company\ San Diego 02/2002 - 08/2005
Pharmaceutical Sales Representative - InVentiv Health Contract
Direct promotion of J&J products, calling on OB GYN's and Family Practice.
●Educated physicians and hospitals within assigned geographical territory on pharmaceutical products.
●Sold Terazol, Monistat and detailed a medical device (IUD) for long term contraception in women.
●2005 – 2002 - #1 District in Nation
●2003 - Receive Teamwork Award
●2002 - Ranked #5 in Sales Results 2002

Astra Zeneca, Cardiology Division, Los Angeles 10/1999 - 06/2001
Pharmaceutical Sales Representative - Nelson Professional Sales Contract
Distribution of hypertension medications to hospitals, cardiologists and physicians and persuaded them to increase prescribing habits for Plendil & Atacand Antihypertensives
●Detailed physicians by demonstrating product safety, versatility, tolerability and ingredient efficacy.
●2000 - Ranked in the Top 4 in the District and Top 20 in the Nation.

EDUCATION

San Diego State University - Bachelor of Arts 1997
Communicative Disorders -Speech Therapy
Lu Ross Academy -Aesthetics License

REFERENCES

Available upon Request
Contact this candidate