Frantz Che Sawyer
Senior Advisor/Recruiter Consultant Business Development Manager Business Director/Manager

ad6rwx@r.postjobfree.com • 202-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/frantz-sawyer-ba508a4 • Columbia, MD
Summary
Highly driven, detail oriented and motivated Senior Recruiter professional with over 16 years of experience in private and international government sectors. Aptitude for Project management, IT, Finance & Accountant, and Administrative positions Adept at obtaining contracts for international clients and generating long-term industry and financial growth.
Qualifications Summary
Diligent and experienced recruiter, skilled at processing and placing hundreds of applicants in all levels of employment across multiple regions.

Proven track record of business development and implementation by generating and building relationships to determine key stakeholders and identify opportunities for expansion, investment, and rehabilitation.

Well-versed in responding to shifting government procedures, policies, and business needs and implementing operational assessments and analysis.
Career Experience
Work Source Montgomery, Wheaton, MD October 2022-Present
Talent Placement Consultant

Worked with Justice Impacted Population at the Montgomery County Correctional Facility to discuss and find immediate employment.

Review and present information to program participants about current labor market and introduce opportunities for education and advancement.

Research and present apprenticeships and training programs for long term career goals.

Schedule and conduct candidates pre screen interviews via Microsoft Team to measure candidate qualifications in comparison to position requirements.

Communicate and collaborate with Program Manager Of Re-Entry Team to support strategies for employer outreach and workforce development activities at the Montgomery County Correctional Facility.

UNIDO, Columbia, MD December 2020 – October 2022
Consultant
Approach stakeholders to present UNIDO skills development project model and offer guidance on process. Research and list organizations and funding mechanisms, such as United States Agency for International Development, Department of State, and US International DFC. Educate stakeholders on relevance of UNIDO skills development project model to strategies used in target countries. Explain advantages of UNIDO model with focus on strong field presence, large portfolios, and recent successes.
Led $4.5M water sanitation project for Freetown in collaboration with USAID and other international partners.
Led $3M Forest Management Training project in Liberia.

SGR Lobbying and Government Relations, Washington, DC January 2018 – December 2020
Senior Advisor
Serve as first point of contact between SGR clients and governments by implementing government relations and educating on lobbying strategies, practices, and processes. Provide advisory support to institutions such as Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and Mano River Union. Track, analyze and advise on policy and operational issues. Oversee training and progression of staff. Inform stakeholders of necessary changes in policies, regulations, or processes.
Spearheaded $6M contract by negotiating infrastructure development package with three sovereign nations.
Facilitated four trade missions for Congressional Black Caucus members.
Distributed $5M in funding by introducing five infrastructure development proposals.
Obtained $29M for renewable energy and agriculture projects by counselling eight governments’ Purchasing Power Parity offices.
Created education campaigns on African Peer Review Mechanisms, World Trade Organization Accession (WTO), and African Growth and Opportunity Act, for 10 governments

Devtech, Columbia, MD December 2020- March 2021
Consultant
Identified local stakeholders, ranging from private firms to civil society organizations and community groups, to schedule meetings and introduce Devtech proposal team. Ensured protection of sensitive communication with stakeholders, especially with Government of Liberia. Attended brainstorming sessions and reviewed technical drafts to deliver feedback on organizations and projects according to questions posed by proposal team. Provided feedback to local staff after gathering relevant information. Focused on connecting with government agencies, such as Ministry of Finance and Development Planning, Civil Service Agency, and General Audit Commission.
Collaborated on recover proposal for USAID.

Government of the Republic of Liberia, Monrovia, Liberia December 2014 – January 2018
Deputy Minister for Central Administration in Ministry of Commerce and Industry
Managed Bureau of Administration, overseeing procedures and guidelines for Ministry of Commerce and respective sub-divisions. Assisted in negotiations led by Minister to secure funding and budget appropriation. Coordinated with Assistant Minister for Administration in developing, implementing, and evaluating training policies and guidelines. Aided Minister in projects by delivering administrative support and other assigned duties. Safeguarded central files and reporting system. Helmed human and physical resource management, in addition to monitoring internal cash flow, supplies, and procurement.
Cooperated with various departments on Liberia ascending onto WTO and led strategic planning for Ministry.
Served as first point of contact for Japanese International Cooperation Agency(JICA) and Swedish International Development (SIDA) projects.

Government of the Republic of Liberia, Monrovia, Liberia April 2014 –December 2014
Coordinator of Economic Growth/Principal Advisor to the Minister of Finance
Led Senior Economist and Business Development Specialist in carrying out data collection and analysis. Facilitated financial investment opportunities and promoting local entrepreneurship by researching potential business relationships with regional start-ups and companies that align with Ministry values. Developed business proposals using key knowledge of Liberian economy to promote job growth and agriculture production.
Acquired $650K in funding for eight start-up businesses within three months of starting employment.
Secured $1.5M in funding for Monrovia Industrial Park rehabilitation project by coordinating efforts with Minister of Finance, Liberian Government, National Investment Coalition, and other financial institutions.
Obtained $1M in loans to support and improve SMEs.

RMAsia Group Inc, Monrovia, Liberia Aug 2007 –December 2013
Country Manager
Managed 10-person sales team and secured business opportunities while nurturing working relationships and managing contract negotiations with Liberian Government, relief organizations, and other private sector entities. Oversaw daily operations by drafting business plans and guiding project budgets. Maintained client satisfaction by creating logistical coordination and after-sales support systems. Provided monthly and quarterly financial quotes to assist with cost-saving measures and critical economic decisions. Ensured proper contract fund allocation alongside senior company executives and stakeholders.
Established and trained 10-person sales team.
Negotiated business opportunities with Ford Motor Company.
Generated $4.1M from three contracts for the supply of vehicles and generators to Roberts International Airport, the Ministry of Public Works, and the Ministry of Defense, USAID, United Nations Development Program, and Lockheed Martin.
Additional Experience
Senior Recruiter, Sodexo USA, Gaithersburg, MD Oct 2005- Aug 2007
Identified and placed over 100 professionals in entry-, mid-, and upper-level management positions.

Senior Agent, Randstad Staffing Inc, Silver Spring, MD Aug 2000- September 2005
Placed over 600 professionals for entry, mid, and upper management positions.
Education
Bachelor of Arts in Political Science
Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN
Contact this candidate