Minakshi Anand Kalra
ad6rlr@r.postjobfree.com +1-469-***-**** https://www.linkedin.com/in/minakshianand/ Dallas,Texas,US
SUMMARY
16+ years of technical and leadership experience in developing and delivering high-quality scalable software solutions. Expertise in identifying and solving problems, managing risk, and building high-performing teams.
Architected and developed full-stack applications end to end. Possess a deep understanding of both front-end and back-end technologies.
Managed all project phases: requirement gathering, documentation, UI/UX design, development, testing, deployment, and post project support.
Tech enthusiast, passionate about how technology can transform lives and change the world, and committed to continuous learning.
Successfully led and motivated cross-functional, multi-geo-located teams to foster a collaborative and results- oriented environment, achieving project goals on time and within budget.
Expertise in distributed systems: Designed and implemented distributed architecture for high availability and performance.
Delivered tailored software solutions for both B2C and B2B clients across diverse industry verticals, demonstrating adaptability and understanding of varied user needs. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages: Java, ReactJS, JavaScript, Python, C, C++, C# Query Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, GraphQL
AI (Artificial Intelligence)
Frameworks/Models: LangChain, LlamaIndex, GPT-3.5, GPT-4, GPT-4t, GPT-4o, Llama2, CodeLlama Cloud Technologies: AWS, Oracle Cloud
Agile Methodologies: Scrum, Kanban
Tools/OS: Jenkins, IntelliJ, Eclipse, Visual Studio .NET and Visual Studio Code, Git, Docker, SQL Developer, MySQL, Oracle DB, Ant, JMeter, JProfiler, Linux, Windows, MacOS, ChromeOS, Tableau, Hadoop, ChatGPT
Web/application servers: JBoss, WebLogic, WebSphere, OC4J, Tomcat, Glassfish Others: RESTful services, Microservices, Data engineering, Data analytics, Data visualization WORK EXPERIENCE
Mobileum Inc. August 2022 – Present
Consultant (Part-time, Client: T-Mobile, Location: United States)
Developed AI workbench using LangChain, large language models (LLMs) for advanced data analytics.
Analyzed huge volume of call detail records and reported actionable insights.
Executed T-Mobile Roaming test cases as part of the International Roaming Expert Group. Expedia India May 2016 – February 2022
Manager Software Development Engineering
Led a cross functional team to develop and deliver new features for the Voyager stack that improved performance by around 20%.
Proposed architecture for various customer-centric features, ensuring alignment with user needs and enhancing overall satisfaction.
Collaborated with all stakeholders and found innovative and creative solutions for virtual assistant agent chat issues to ensure timely and seamless implementation.
Conducted thorough code reviews to ensure quality and maintainability. Software Development Engineer III
Led the team during migration the Voyager stack to AWS.
Enhanced user experience by developing new UI features, leading to a 10% increase in user engagement.
Diagnosed and resolved complex software issues by analyzing code and system logs, reducing bug count from around 250 to 0 within 6 bi-weekly sprints, significantly improving product quality and reliability.
Consistently recognized for effectively resolving production incidents. Oracle India January 2008 – May 2016
Technical Lead
Design of High availability/Disaster Recovery solution for the Identity Cloud Microservices.
Deployment of various IDM Services on Oracle Cloud.
Increased system uptime by 15% by implementing a robust disaster recovery plan. Senior Member of Technical Staff
Led an initiative that reduced server response time by 20%, optimizing performance.
Designed and implemented a generic SoD Invocation Library (SIL) that can enable integration between any IDM system, SoD Engine, and target system.
Worked on SoD (Segregation of Duties) solution from its inspection, for Oracle Identity Manager (OIM) version 9.1.0.2 and 11g.
IBM India September 2007 – January 2008
Software Engineer
Participated in training and onboarding for Vodafone Project. National Informatics Center January 2007 – June 2007 Research work (Intern)
Design of a new language based on XForms & XFDL and conversion to XFDL
Defined syntax for the new language and created a compiler for the same. EDUCATION
Masters of Engineering (Computer Technology & Applications) 79.5% Delhi College of Engineering, Delhi, India
Bachelors of Technology (Information Technology) 83.89% Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi, India CERTIFICATIONS
OCJA- Oracle Certified Associate Java SE 7 Programmer
LinkedIn Learning Human Skills for Managers Professional Certificate
Career Essentials in Generative AI by Microsoft and LinkedIn
Career Essentials in Data Analysis by Microsoft and LinkedIn
OpenEDG Python Institute: Programming with Python Professional Certificate
CCNA 640-801- Cisco Certified Network Associate
ChatGPT Prompt Engineering for Developers
Contact this candidate