CHERI A. SCHON
Sparta, NJ ***** 973-***-**** ad6sbo@r.postjobfree.com
Results-driven leader with positive attitude and passion for providing high-quality advice and guidance to clients. Proven ability to identify customer needs, resolve conflicts and build strong relationships. Possesses excellent problem-solving, communication and interpersonal skills. Consistent business development and entrepreneurship.
Deadline-focused and highly effective at operating in fast-paced settings. Resourceful, forward-thinking and proactive with remarkable sense of market trends.
Award Winner, State Convention Qualifier, Regional Convention Qualifier, District Manager Sales Achiever, Million Dollar Society, Life Underwriter's Council, Personal, Business, Financial Planning, Estate Planning and Marketing.
Strategic Planning Presentations and public speaking Client Engagement Compliance requirements
Relationship Development Professional referral network Employer Relations Mentor and Trainer
Independent Insurance Advisor, 01/2010 - Current
AFLAC Voluntary Benefits/Independent Life Producer – Sparta, NJ Built and maintained relationships with clients to provide ongoing support. Planned, developed, and implemented strategies to convey information with key decision makers. Maintained up-to-date knowledge on industry trends and regulations, ensuring accurate advice was provided to clients at all times.
Developed long-lasting relationships with clients to ensure consistent retention and loyalty. Enhanced client satisfaction by providing expert financial advice and personalized insurance strategies. PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
SKILLS
WORK HISTORY
Participated in networking events to expand professional connections and attract new clientele. Delivered informative presentations at seminars, educating prospective clients on personal finance topics such as wealth preservation and asset protection.
District Sale Coordinator, 01/2014 - 01/2018
AFLAC – Sparta, NJ
Managed budgets and resources for district, ensuring cost-effective allocation of funds for maximum impact.
Organized regular meetings with sales team to review performance, set goals, and discuss ongoing initiatives.
Established strong company presence in district by participating in community events and trade shows. Coached and mentored employees to strengthen sales knowledge and abilities. Mentored new sales representatives, providing training and guidance on effective sales techniques. Investment Advisor
United Jersey Bank – Hackensack, NJ
Analyzed market trends and economic data to make informed recommendations for client portfolios. Assisted clients with retirement planning, ensuring secure financial future through strategic asset allocation and consistent saving habits.
Met with clients to generate new business.
Developed strong relationships with clients, resulting in increased trust and long-term business growth. Sales Representative
Metlife – Somerset, NJ
Enhanced client satisfaction by addressing concerns promptly and providing exceptional service. Generated additional sales opportunities with upselling and cross-selling techniques. Expanded customer base through cold calling, networking, and relationship building. Met with existing customers and prospects to discuss personal/ business insurance needs and recommend optimal solutions.
Bachelor of Arts: Social Work
Providence College - Providence, RI
RESIDENT- NJ Life/Health Producer
EDUCATION
CERTIFICATIONS
NON-RESIDENT- AZ, KY, MD, NY, OR, PA, TX, VA
Travel, Piano, Reading, Concerts, Exercise
HOBBIES
Contact this candidate