Kurt Holobaugh Date *-*-**
**** ********** ***.
South Lake Tahoe, CA, 96150
Ph: 530-***-****

ATTN: Program Hiring Manager
RE: Program Manager opportunity
To: All whom this concerns

My most recent technical program leadership experience includes two avionics development programs for the Air force Research Lab, (AFRL). The first program with Kratos, focused on software development for a fully autonomous flight control and avionics communication suit for the Valkyrie - XQ-58A. While the second program is nearing development completion for an aileron actuator proto-type that will undergo test and evaluation to validate simulation models including: stress, thermal and vibration KPI's for risk mitigation using parameters associated with a hypersonic Air Vehicle being developed by the Lockheed Martin, SWIFT program. .
Previous aerospace and defense experience included five years with Lockheed Martin's Systems Integration division. With projects including the Vandenberg AFB, launch control and range safety system as well as a separate project as the IPT Lead for logistics, Test and Integration on the VH71, Presidential Helicopter program.
Additionally I have twenty five years of combined aerospace and commercial industry experience, with positions in Systems Engineering, Hardware test design, Lean Manufacturing and Software QA analysis, with companies such as Aerojet-Rocketdyne, L3, Rantec Power System, Xing Technologies and Ultra Stereo Labs.
In these respective roles as Sr. Project Manager, Staff Systems Engineer and Project Engineer I've lead teams interpreting the SOW, to derive and manage system requirements through flow down into ICD's, functional and performance level specifications and test plans for software and hardware validation.
As Program Manager and Staff Systems Test Engineer I've been responsible the development of test specifications and test procedure deliverables for hardware and associated software in a variety of defense systems. These tests have included everything from System of Systems level testing to functional bench tests, Environmental Qualification testing including temperature, Salt Fog, three axis Vibration and EMI Tempest for radiated and conducted emissions and susceptibility. I have also developed HIL, HALT and Life testing, as part of the CDRL deliveries for some of these programs.
My experience as a engineering manager and team leader involves all phases of design and T&E including high level architecture, systems design, detailed design and end to end integration testing for DD250 qualification for DoD programs including: SM-3, RSA-IIA, VH-71, MK-48, XQ-58A.
As a practitioner of PEMBOK and PMI I have honed my program management skills using the SOW, Systems Requirements and the Integrated Master Schedule (IMS) combined with EVM metric implementations, to delivery contractual designs meeting cost, schedule and performance KPI's.
Regards
Kurt Holobaugh
Contact this candidate