Page * *
Gary L. Love
Director of Strategic Planning
ad6tjh@r.postjobfree.com • San Francisco, CA 94123
https://www.linkedin.com/in/gary-love-05578631 • 415-***-**** Dynamic and decisive leader with reputation for improving top and bottom-line performance and driving business growth/success through strategic planning, organizational leadership, operational excellence, innovative solutions, and ownership culture. Forward-thinking executive with 15+ years of leadership experience in directing all aspects of strategy creation, operations management, business development, and process transformation. Recognized for steering comprehensive strategic planning and development processes and optimizing operational efficiency through business process reengineering and data-driven decision-making. Expertise in managing comprehensive strategic planning cycles, including SWOT analysis, competitive analysis, and scenario planning to inform long-term goals and objectives. Proven track record of developing, training, and leading high-performing teams to achieve set goals. Skilled in financial modeling, forecasting, and budget management to foster alignment with strategic priorities and maximize ROI. Adept at leveraging market insights and industry trends to identify opportunities for expansion, product development, and market penetration. Strong analytical skills to drive performance metrics, KPIs, and continuous improvement business excellence. Areas of Expertise
• Business Planning & Strategy Alignment
• Administrative & Management System Design
• Business Process Design & Optimization
• Organizational Development & Restructuring
• Business Development & Growth Strategy
• Customer Satisfaction & Retention
• Fundraising & Community Outreach
• Project Management & Prioritization
• Cross-Functional Team Leadership
• Operational Excellence & Governance
• Risk Assessment & Management
• Revenue & Profit Optimization
• Financial Planning & Analysis
• Turnaround Management
• Data Analysis & Decision-Making
Professional Experience
San Francisco Department of Building Inspection (DBI), San Francisco, CA Director of Strategy (Strategic Development & Planning) 2014 to Present
Direct the strategic planning and development of comprehensive 5-year strategic plans for major metropolitan department with a focus on achieving organizational objectives. Contribute to drafting RFPs and managing procurement process for essential software acquisitions. Conduct comprehensive reviews and revisions of Business Process Reengineering (BPR) plan, ensuring alignment with operational goals.
● Spearheaded and successfully completed mission rock development project, valued at $750M while serving as project manager.
● Established clear direction for future growth through the development of robust business plans.
● Optimized efficiency of Over the Counter (OTC) plan review processes through establishment of the 'interior expeditor' position.
● Evaluated and improved annual performance plan, contributing to the achievement of strategic operational goals. Fulton DeKalb County Hospital Authority, aka The Authority, Atlanta, GA Special Advisor to Chairman of Finance & Investment Committees 2008 to 2013
Provided comprehensive oversight of financial, personnel, customer service, and quality assurance projects to accomplish set objectives. Established regular collaboration with Hospital's Board and commission to fulfill day-to-day operational requirements.
● Directed negotiation and structuring of long-term lease, catalyzing substantial $200M philanthropic contribution.
● Led the design and successful negotiation of $54M credit facility, underpinning financial stability of The Authority.
● Oversaw investment committee for employee retirement plan with a focus on ensuring responsible management of nearly $200M in assets for 6,000 participants and their endowment and investment plans.
● Developed and monitored multi-million-dollar funds by leveraging exceptional financial stewardship and strategic insight. Page 2 2
● Engaged in high-level advisory interactions with the Hospital's Board, influencing decision-making and organizational strategy. Arvin Meritor, INC., Troy, MI
Vice President, Strategic Development & Planning
2006 to 2008
Managed the development and execution of comprehensive Business Process Reengineering (BPR) plan, aligning company operations with strategic objectives. Ensured meticulous preparation and presentation of reports to board of directors while acting as project manager for high-stakes transformational acquisition. Planned and executed strategic initiatives under guidance of board, CEO, and general counsel. Developed and maintained meticulous records management system to track transaction tasks to drive seamless completion of all duties and effective human resource management.
● Directed successful divestiture of the Emissions Technology Company, overseeing all aspects of $3B transaction.
● Established strategic vision for company with consultants and investment bankers to elevate corporate direction and market position.
● Delivered strategic leadership and encouraged a team of 20 people to achieve set goals while steering end-to-end processes, including planning, fiscal review, and strategy implementation.
● Built and maintained corporate strategic intelligence, contributing to robust decision-making and long-term planning.
● Oversaw performance of staff in critical strategic projects to confirm alignment with company goals and efficient resource utilization. Additional Experience:
President CEO at Lorain Consulting, San Francisco, CA President CEO at Morgan Confections Company, Hayward, CA & Chino, CA Principal Managing Partner at Strategic Trading Advisors, (Private & Closely Held Capital Market Trading Company) Chicago, IL Vice President Shareholder at Kidder, Peabody & Company, Inc., New York, NY Senior Vice President at Dean Witter Reynolds, Inc., New York, NY Vice President at Salomon Brothers, Inc., New York, NY Education & Credentials
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Concentration in Finance & Accounting Northwestern University, Evanston, IL
Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Economics & Mathematics
Dartmouth College, Hanover, NH
Honors & Awards:
● Recipient of the Dartmouth College Alumni Award
● Nominated for Trustee Board of Dartmouth College
● Past President, Black Alumni Association, Dartmouth College
● Conceived and Developed “Dartmouth Bound” National Recruitment Program
● Recipient of the Dartmouth College Young Alumni Distinguished Service Award
● Arthur Andersen & Company Fellowship Award
Contact this candidate