Eslam Shama
ad6tp0@r.postjobfree.com 832-***-**** Houston, TX www.linkedin.com/in/eslam-shama
SUMMARY
A seasoned professional with extensive experience in the global Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) industry, specializing in both food and non-food brands. Proficient in sales, channel, and category development, as well as business development, trade, and shopper marketing across diverse international markets. Proven track record as a Business Development Manager, adept at elevating consumer experiences, cultivating enduring customer relationships, and driving profitability. Recognized for advancing operational efficiency, amplifying trade revenues, and enhancing customer satisfaction. WORK EXPERIENCE
SUN SNACK Houston, Texas, USA
Sales and Marketing Manager Apr-2021 to Present
Develop and execute the company’s business strategies in order to attain goals ₒ Successfully developed and executed the company’s business strategies, leading to the achievement of the company's goals. ₒ Prepared and implemented comprehensive business plans, driving significant growth and operational efficiency. ₒ Established and maintained trustworthy relationships with shareholders, business partners, and authorities, enhancing the company’s reputation and collaborative potential.
ₒ Oversaw the company’s financial performance and investments, resulting in improved financial stability and growth. ₒ Supervised executives effectively, driving maximum performance and contributing to the overall organizational success. SUNCONE Dubai, UAE
Sales Manager May 2019 - Apr 2021
Manage the local distributor and maintain a strong working relationship throughout the NAME region ₒ Formulated and executed growth strategies and plans, resulting in substantial business expansion. ₒ Effectively managed relationships with current clients, ensuring exceptional client satisfaction and retention. ₒ Successfully expanded the client base across the GCC, enhancing market presence and driving revenue growth. ₒ Identified and capitalized on business strengths and customer needs, providing targeted and impact business solutions. ₒ Conducted thorough research on business opportunities and viable income streams. FRIESLAND CAMPINA Dubai, UAE
Channel and Category Development Manager Apr 2018 - May 2019 Lead the channel development for the company’s portfolio across the GCC region. ₒ Arrange the development of annual budgets and promotional planning for relevant channels across different markets. ₒ Led the company's "picture of success" initiative (perfect store project) for all channels on a country-by-country basis, resulting in improved retail standards and brand visibility. ₒ Utilized multi-point data and collaborated with cross-functional teams to carefully map target shoppers, facilitating precise targeting and tailored marketing strategies.
ₒ Collaborated closely with distributor teams to enhance in-market execution through thorough training, provision of tools, and implementation of incentive programs, thereby maximizing brand impact and sales performance. FRIESLAND CAMPINA Jeddah, KSA
Shopper Marketing Manager May 2016 - Apr 2018]
Lead channels/customer development for the company's portfolio across KSA. ₒ Formulate comprehensive annual budgets and promotion plans for all channels operating in KSA. ₒ Oversee customer activity, engaging with customers' mega festivals to ensure optimal brand representation and exposure. ₒ Conceptualize and establish customer loyalty programs, allocate, and manage a budget of $1M to drive customer retention and satisfaction.
ₒ Develop and execute Point-of-Sale Materials (POSM) in alignment with the brand team's strategies, tailored to specific regions and channels.
ₒ Customize counter promotions to suit varied market dynamics, enhancing brand visibility and maximizing sales opportunities across different market segments.
PEPSI Jeddah, KSA
Senior Key Account Manager Jan 2014 - May 2016
Key Account Planning Team for PEPSI beverages West Region. ₒ Secured annual contracts while optimizing the cost per case. ₒ Skillfully negotiated pricing and fees while monitoring competitors' strategies. ₒ Strengthened business fundamentals to enhance the company's market share. ₒ Drove growth and cost reductions by comprehensively understanding contract terms. ARABIAN TRADING SUPPLIERS Riyadh, KSA
Key Account Manager Dec 2012 - Jan 2014
Operational Key Account Manager for ATS distributor in the Central Region. ₒ Successfully revitalized the modern trade team, overseeing the strategic management of the company's diverse portfolio. ₒ Proactively identified and capitalized on market opportunities while strategically addressing competitor initiatives. ₒ Spearheaded comprehensive sales growth initiatives, resulting in significant overall revenue enhancement. ₒ Resolved pending claims promptly and efficiently, ensuring seamless operational continuity and client satisfaction. UNILEVER Cairo, Egypt
Category Management Manager Jan 2011 - Dec 2012
Category Management Manager for all categories across Unilever Mashreq seven countries. ₒ Exceeded the objectives of the category management project through meticulous planning and execution. ₒ Utilized advanced techniques in customer data analysis to optimize shelf space allocation. ₒ Successfully executed category management projects, resulting in a significant increase in shelf space and improved product visibility.
UNILEVER Alexandria, Egypt
Account Manager Jan 2008 - Jan 2011
Key Account Manager for MT customers in Alexandria region ₒ Orchestrated the smooth implementation of the company's strategic vision, resulting in achieving ambitious sales targets. ₒ Effectively executed promotional activities, ensuring optimal activation and maintenance of superior service levels to enhance customer satisfaction and loyalty.
EDUCATION
Cairo University Cairo, Egypt
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Marketing major. Dec 2012 Alexandria University Alexandria, Egypt
Bachelor of Science and Education, Physics and Chemistry major. Sep 2007 TRAINING AND CERTIFICATES
Category Strategy Planning - FrieslandCapmina Commercial Academy.
Joint Business Plan (JBP) - FrieslandCapmina Commercial Academy.
Driving Performance with Retail Audit Analysis - ACNielsen.
Key Accounts Management Process - PEPSI Training Academy.
Simdustry - Stimulate your business - MEHRAT.
Store Wars Business Simulation - MEHRAT.
On Shelf Availability Expert - Unilever Training Institute.
Certified Marketing Manager - American Management Association.
Consultative Selling Skills - IFC (World Bank Group). SKILLES
Sales - Channel Development - Category Development - Business Development - Trade Marketing - Shopper Marketing - Customer Relationship Management - Financial Management - Strategic Planing - Operational Efficiency - Market Research - Business Planning Budgeting - Promotions - Brand Management - Data Analysis - Training - Incentive Programs- Key Account Management - Competitor Analysis - Negotiation - Strategic Management - Market Opportunities - Sales Growth - Category Management - Shelf Space Optimization - Promotional Activities - Customer Satisfaction - Loyalty Programs - Point-of-Sale Materials - Counter Promotions.
Contact this candidate