Robert Aleksandrovic
***** ******* **** *** *******, OH 44140
440-***-**** ad6udc@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/robert-aleksandrovic

LEADER WITH A FOCUS ON LEAN MANUFACTURING PRINCIPALS

Career Summary
General Manager with more than 25 years of experience serving in manufacturing environments. Committed to growing revenues through internal lean processes that result in efficient—quality—operations. Core competencies include:
Operations Management Staffing Team Building and Training Business Development
Lean Six Sigma Trainer Continuous Improvement Profit and Loss (P&L) Sales and Marketing
Leadership EBIDTA/Revenue Growth Cost Management Key Account Management Contract Negotiations Business Plans Vision Casting Inspections Lean Manufacturing
SQDC Design/Implementation/Management – Change Management, Staff Growth – Quality Standards background ISO/AS and Prime Specifications and Requirements background processes that ensure lean operations (with 28%+ profit margins).
Oversee multiple departments, growing revenues up to 12% year over year (
Experience
Morel Landscaping, LLC and Buyansky Outdoor Supply / Braodview Hts, OH /Dec 4, 2023 – June 20, 2024
Chief Operating Officer
Responsible for developing and implementing short-term and long-term strategies to ensure profitable revenue and EBITDA growth of the business.
Responsible for shaping the culture of the organization through leadership. This role also serves as the direct leader of the Sales team and is responsible for driving
Responsible for coaching, developing and managing the operations leadership team including the Maintenance Manager and Construction Manager.
Collaborates with the Controller to leverage data and metrics to achieve team results and develop strategic plans in all facets of the business.
(30%) Strategic Plan, (30%) Leadership, (15%) Revenue Growth, (15%) Company Culture,

Buyansky Outdoor Supply / Broadview HTs, OH/ June 2, 2023 – December 4, 2023
General Manager
As the Commercial General Manager, I am responsible for the overall performance of the Company.
Responsible for monitoring profitability and addressing issues as they arise also accountable for achieving prescribed company objectives regarding cost, productivity, customer service and profit.
Establishing goals and monitoring the effectiveness of the employees to achieve the established goals, managing staff overall performance and workload.
Responsibility for performance, profitability, and for company processes and culture.
Development, growth and culture of KPI’s, develop relationships and manage profitable operations, exceptional initiative, communication, and leadership skills, knowledge on current Federal & AMP, OSHA Requirements
Implementing Lean initiatives in all aspects of operations

LLK Greenhouse Solutions, LLC. / Strongsville, OH / May 2022 – May 2023
Director of Operations
Manage Profit and Loss (P&L) reports for company with $23-26M in annual revenues.
Driving EBITDA focused growth planning by identifying 100% of our cost of operation into a model that allows all projects to price according to our EBITDA goals.
Managing operations in multiple states (Ohio, Florida, Colorado) which are conducting work on projects in 32 different states in 2022.
Oversee, Sales, Procurement, Human Resources, Safety, Finance, Payroll, Office personnel, and Warehouse Management
Coordinates all operations from Contract Stage through project completion, scheduling coordination with LLK Field Operations Manager.
Presents periodic performance reports to the Chief Executive Officer, Director of Finance and Executive Board Meetings.
Implement new ERP System Acumatica along with Daily Management Tools to support all aspects of operations.
Create, develop executive growth plan, budgets, and annual objectives to support growth.
Implement procedures, processes and systems that drive efficient, effective and sustainable alignment to support operations, growth and market trends.

Element Materials Technology (f.k.a. Orbit Industries) Middleburg Hts., OH Sept. 2002 – Sept. 2020
General Manager (August 2018 – September 2020)
Managed Profit and Loss (P&L) reports for company with $9M in annual revenues.
Grew business 20% to $9M, while beating Budget annual and adding new Primes, specifications and technology to the core business with significant ROI
Chief Operating Officer (COO)/Partner (September 2002 – August 2018)
Primary background is in Aerospace, Defense and Nuclear product markets of wrought material, forging, casting, machining and special processes for over 25 years. Extensive Prime experience developing an leading independent lab, Nadcap since 1992 and a Nadcap Management Council Member
Oversaw all business operations for $7M company, including its sale in 2018 (discussions, development, and negotiations) to Element Materials Technology for our CEO.
Exhibited 10% organic revenue growth via extensive customer communication and excellence in service
Develop Project Plans to expand market into new locations North Jackson, Oh, Dunkirk, NY and Titusville, PA, all operating at 40%+ EBIDTA, Middleburg grew as well, at 18%+.
Maintained 95% employee retention rate through positive work culture and consistent employee engagement in our business cases via Daily Management Tools/Department KPIs
Established a partnership with SINTO/National Peening on vertical supply channel integration model to delivery an aerospace one stop shop processing center in Bedford Hts, Oh
Secured all regulatory governances, EPA, Regional Sewer Discharge permits, and ITAR/SAMs
Sustained and grew our Nadcap Accreditations and new Prime Approvals (Boeing, AirBus, GulfStream, Sikorsky, Embraer, Safran, Heroux Devtek) and Tier 1&2 Suppliers from 330 customer in 2003 to over 1,200 in 2018
Integrated Daily Management System, allowing 100% transparency throughout all operations.
Spearheaded process improvement initiatives across all function, client management, Marketing and Sale, Quality via collaboration meetings to infuse out of the box thinking
Managed 5 locations, 12 Direct Reports via A3 ideology, process improvement schedules and KPIs while negotiating and driving the sale of Orbit to Element
Reduced worker compensation cost over 70% via safety initiatives over five-year period.
Established cost accounting system enabling managers to assume 100% overall cost within their departments with 95% of all consumables on Kanban with suppliers.
Developed leaders that could speak with the Primes and our direct customers with technical Secured all banking partners and financing along with insurance negotiations and planning.

Alcoa Forge and Wheel Products Cleveland, OH January 2000 – December 2001
Senior ABS Lean Advisor (Alcoa Business Systems-ABS)
Developed Lean training modules for Alcoan employees as part of ABS team.
Led Lean training efforts to over 1,500 employees within United States and Canada.
Developed TPS-A3 Business Plans with four site General Managers in Aerospace and Automotive production facilities.
Transformed locations from traditional manufacturing ideologies to more lean operations.
Synchronized aerospace forging delivery and introduced queue management and Kanban racking of product travelers to reduce lead time and increase visual awareness of entire system.

Additional Experience
Plant Manager of Operations/Quality Manager Orbit Industries
Spent earlier years at Orbit Industries as well, developing its first sales program, including marketing and advertising.
Grew originally small customer into an annual $1M in sales customer.
Oversaw three new departments, with over $2M in annual growth—resulting in promotion to Plant Manager of Operations.
Financial Planner Development
Completed Life, Health, and Disability broker’s license, studied Series 6/Series 7, completed coursework toward Certified Financial Planner designation.

Education
Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Business Administration and Political Science
Heidelberg University Tiffin, OH
Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Business Program (Master’s equivalent)
Cuyahoga Community College Cleveland, OH

Certifications
Inspector Certifications (inactive)
oLiquid Penetrant, Magnetic Particle, Ultrasonic Inspection, Visual Inspection, and Eddy Current

Board Memberships
Chairman of the Board Orbit Industries 2002 – 2018
American Society for Nondestructive Testing -Cleveland Chapter President, Board member for 8 Years
Previously a Board Member of BayArts, nonprofit art center in Bay Village, Oh

Honors and Awards
Long-standing Service and Involvement to the Community Award City of Middleburg Heights
Ed Sherman Award for Best Offensive Receiver in the Ohio Athletic Conference

Robert Aleksandrovic
Contact this candidate