Trevor Jackson
Mississauga, ON L*E *L*
ad6yzm@r.postjobfree.com – 416-***-****
A senior results oriented sales manager with over 30 years’ experience in consultative business to business sales with increased sales in large format printing, consumer packaged goods, courier/transportation, odor control, cleaning supplies, food/confectionary, lighting and promotional marketing industries.
Excellent business acumen, exceling in all facets of business including corporate and retail sales, trade shows and purchasing.
Territory management/Account Management surpassing revenue goals through business development and data analysis, new business acquisitions, negotiation and outstanding customer service. communication and interpersonal skills in conjunction with effective teamwork building, sourcing and planning.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Sales and Business Development Manager American Restaurant Services Mar 2020- Dec 2022
Over 540 kitchens secured in one year for Kitchen Exhaust Hood Cleaning.
Coach and train sales team of five across Canada to continue surpass quota.
Resigned over 100 customers who had chosen to leave.
Secured major chains for services in new territories for the company.
Managed Trade show- achieving over 2000 leads, resulting in 800 new customers. North American Sales Manager Stego Technologies
Dec 2018 – Feb 2020
Startup in Canada Signed on 18 Distributers in the first 6 months. Across North America
Providing exceptional customer service and Managing sales team of three people
Driving sales throughout North America while managing the office and existing customers’ expectations.
District Sales Manager Russell Hendrix Food Equipment September 2015 to June 2018
Exceeded business quota by signing new hotels (Marriott, Hilton) and restaurants (Anchor Bar, Crooked Cue, Thai Cuisine Experts, etc.), and manufacturing facilities (Trophy Foods) with new equipment and small wares.
Grew existing client’s business with innovative solutions and consultative selling. Visual Communications Specialist FASTSIGNS
February 2012 to January 2015
New business development- Secured 18 new businesses in three months while penetrating existing clients, increasing McDonald's restaurants from 16 to 104 locations as clients.
Sourcing and negotiating to manage the details of customer's orders and workflow.
Trained and coached new hires in technical aspects and sales. Regional Sales Manager Carecor Health Services Ltd January 2011 to February 2012
Surpassed sales expectations of management in the small package and dangerous goods courier services within the health care industry.
Spearhead sales and marketing materials as well as developing sales strategies. Completed RFPs, RFQs and won new contracts.
USA Sales Manager Ecolo Odor Control
November 2009 to January 2011
Drove sales of distributers through coaching and technical support including on-site training in the USA.
Directed the development and refinement of technical sales material and their presentations.
Increased the productivity of trade shows participated in through sales techniques.
Developed and maintained relationships with key industry representatives, strategic clients
and technical/engineering groups.
Account Executive Canpar Transport L.P-
August 2005 to March 2009
Increased clients within the territory from 140 to 168. Growing revenue by 800K in 1 year.
In-depth analysis to interpret and communicate complex business data.
Increased territory performance from 83% to 114% of quota in one year through new account acquisitions.
Sales/Service General Manager Economic Lighting
February 1985 to August 2005
Direct sales as well as indirect sales and distribution in the Lighting industry
Supervise up to 4 work sites in Canada and USA simultaneously with separate crews of 20 workers. Completed over 200 projects including Sick Children’s Hospital St. Michaels Hospital and Sylvania School Board (Toledo Ohio)
Executed all administration duties ( ie. Payroll, Accounting, Purchasing, Customer service/meetings, Supervision etc.)
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Arts Psychology 1988 York University
Contact this candidate