Miles S. Denson
**** *********** *** ********, ******* 30068 E-Mail: ad6zte@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: (678) 488–2592
Professional Summary

High-Performing, Results-Driven Sales and Business Development Executive with 20+ years of experience: Top performer with proven success in revenue growth and market expansion in High-Tech, Aerospace and Avionics, Defense Electronics, expert in selling to DOD, NSA, NASA, NRO, FAA, NOAA, Naval Weapons Command, Ingalls Navy Destroyer DDG program, Army, Air Force, and companies such as Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Honeywell, ITT, Northrop-Grumman, Raytheon, IBM, 3Com, HP, AT&T, UPS, FedEx, and DuPont, skilled in technical strategic development and support, team building and training, and territory management, adept in managing multiple projects and deadlines in fast-paced, demanding environments.
Key Skills and Competencies:
• Sales and Territory Management • Team Building and Training
• Government and Contractor Account Mgmt. • Strategic Thinking and Problem Solving
• Territory Expansion and Revenue Growth • Highly Effective Communication Skills
• Fortune 100/500 Account Management • Leadership and Sound Judgment
Professional Experience
Business Development Manager -ESPERANTO SENSORS, LLC –01-2014-Current
Development of Recreational –Commercial developed technology for consumer and defense safety applications, Electronic components, IC, camera analytics, embedded pc boards, custom safety tracking package under patent development, to Government programs, OEM and commercial industries throughout U S. Esperanto Sensors LLC is a Startup with the 1st Patented Collision Avoidance Design that Alerts ALL ACTIVATED Vehicles wifi and ACTIVATED Cellular phones that warns Cyclists, Pedestrians and Joggers up to 300 Meters to reduce collisions and save lives. I look forward to explore opportunities to make an impact on collision avoidance.
https://uspto.report/patent/app/201********
Patent Issued
Development Manager – Pelco by Schneider Electric 08-2010 – 12-2013
Directed business development for state-of-the-art, integrated CCTV security solutions to government and commercial accounts throughout Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, Florida, Maryland, Virginia, Mississippi, Louisiana, and North and South Carolina.
Presented solutions to end users in defense, ports, airports, commercial, industrial, government agencies, managed strategic integrators.
Top customers included Lockheed Martin, FDA, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, NSA, SHELL OIL global security, USSOCOM, DHS, Secret Service, Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport, Reagan National Airport, Dulles Airport, Stadiums, Churches, Large Venues, AVI-SPL, Maryland Sound, east coast and the Cities of Atlanta, Miami, Nashville, Charlotte, Orlando, and Birmingham.
Increased East Coast sales $5.7M in 24 months, an improvement of 168%.

Business Development Manager – DRS Night Vision Systems U.S. Army-Navy Programs 2007 – 2009
Developed strategic accounts at Space Missile Defense Command, Night Vision Labs, Federal-State SWAT Teams throughout East Coast, DHS, US Capital Police, Boeing SBINET Program, SHELL OIL Global Security, TVA, Fort Gordon, USSOCOM, AMRDEC, AMCOM, Ft. Benning, US Army, Warner Robins, Moody, Hurburt Air Field, FAA, US Coast Guard, Northrop Grumman, ARINC, Lockheed Martin, Boeing, SPAWAR, Navy, US Marshalls, Secret Service, Night Vision Labs, Shell Oil, Warner Robins, Hurlburt Field, SouthCom, Fort Hood, Navy DDG program. Specialized program development Manager U S Team development.
Managed sales of night vision technologies and thermal products for military weapons and cameras for security and public safety to federal, state and local governments.
Increased revenues by 38% to $6.9M in three years, exceeding 1.6M annual quotas, Positioned as leading supplier of integrated products, services, and support to military forces, intelligence agencies, and prime contractors worldwide.
Resume, Page 2
Regional Sales Manager – Diamond USA 2005 - 2007
Sold Fiber Optic Connectors & Fusion Splice Machines to OEM’s avionics, CCTV, electrical utilities, shipbuilding and Military equipment. Sales to government agencies that use or install avionics, aircraft or shipboard electronics.
Won Navy Ship program and Army Missile program through contract manufacturer to Diamond Fiber Optics.
Conducted product demonstrations to end users, Design and Consulting firms, Military, and federal, state, and local governments in North and South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, Mississippi, and Florida, managed OEMs through distributors and manufacturers reps.
Increased sales 22% per year and generated sales of $1.8M - $2.8M, far exceeding annual quotas of $875K.

Regional Sales Manager – Mid-Atlantic Sales 1999 – 2005
Managed distributor sales and marketing of Electrical, RF Microwave connector-assemblies, premise copper, and fiber optic cable assemblies to corporations manufacturing data communications for government, marines, and defense integrators throughout the Northeast.
Conducted training to demonstrate product features and benefits to design and consulting firms, electric utilities, universities, hospitals, telecommunications companies, CCTV, military, as well as federal, state, and local governments.
Governed territory including Washington, DC, Alabama, Georgia, Florida, Maryland, Delaware, Virginia, North and South Carolina, West Virginia, and Pennsylvania.
Generated sales of $2.6M to $4.4M per year, well in excess of $1.25M sales quota.

Sales Manager – Belden Company 1998 - 1999
Led high-performing team to increase corporate revenues from $6.68M to $8.15M+ in 12 months.
Managed sales of premise copper, fiber optics, and coaxial cable to CCTV providers, structured cabling integrators, and distributors in Maryland, Delaware, Virginia, North and South Carolina, West Virginia, and Pennsylvania.
Consistently exceeded quotas of $2.25M with average annual sales of $3.3M.

District Sales Representative – Cooper Crouse-Hinds 1996 – 1998
Performed sales of hazardous and non-hazardous construction materials, including fittings, motor control, corrosion resistant products, industrial lighting, plugs, and receptacles.
Conducted marketing through distribution channel to contractors, OEM, chemical plants, electrical utilities, pharmaceutical companies, military, federal, state, and local governments.
Increased annual sales by 26%, built and maintained territory market share for Maryland, Virginia, and Washington, DC.
Increased sales to $3.2M in two years, well in excess of $775K sales quota.
District Sales Manager – Hellerman Tyton 1986 – 1996
Managed high-performing team responsible for sales of electrical, HVAC, electronics, data communication wiring supplies, and injection-molded products, built solid relationships with OEM, contractors, military, aerospace, electric utilities, data communication installers, CCTV service providers, as well as federal, state, and local government officials.
Won District Manager of the Year, President’s Club, Quota Buster, and Salesman of the Year awards for 10 years.
Managed highly-competitive territories, including Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Washington, DC, developed territory revenues from $58,000 to over $3M/year.
Education
Bachelor of Science Business Administration – University of Alabama 1981-1985
Professional Associations
Building Industry Consulting Services International (BICSI)
International Association of Electrical & Electronics (IEEE)
NDIA, AUSA Zeta Beta Tau, SMDC
Contact this candidate