KATHY L. LOWE **** Stone Brook Road, Unit B
Sykesville, MD 21784
Cell: 443-***-****
Email: ad71mo@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY OF
QUALIFICATIONS: Extensive administrative knowledge and substantial experience in coordinator/program managing roles. Practical experience in program/topic research, monitoring financial budgets, and providing timely assistance and effective service to external customers & internal managers and staff. Strong commitment to customer service. Well versed in Microsoft Suite and various data management systems. A perpetual pursuit to accomplish new and challenging goals.

EMPLOYMENT EXPERIENCE:

MARYLAND MULTI-HOUSING ASSOCIATION & MMHA Service Training Academy
Owings Mills, Maryland

Education and Membership Services Manager
Career Development Manager 2009 – 2023
Manages various programs for a multi-housing association with a membership base of 250+ Associates/Vendor members and 150+ Apartment Management Companies representing over 195,000+ units.
Handles the coordination and basic development of all education initiatives. Works closely with the Education Committee and affiliate organizations on designation offerings as well as many professional improvement educational events. Tracks student progress and course evaluation. Increased Education Net Operating Income by 260% in 7 years.
Career Development Manager for students from MMHA Service Training Academy. Recruit, screen, interview students from various areas for training and job placement in the rental housing community. Once training has completed, apprenticeships and permanent placements are coordinated. Monthly follow-up occurs for the first year and reporting for the first three years.
Provides assistance when needed with research for products, services, budget and product development.
Works closely with Executive Director in developing internal policies and procedures.
Oversees the preparation of materials for the monthly Board of Directors and several monthly event committees.

ENTERPRISE COMMUNITY PARTNERS, Columbia, Maryland

Program Associate/Grant Coordinator – Green Communities Initiative 2004 - 2009
Served as coordinator for a five-year, $555 million Green Communities grant initiative.
Managed: grant applications and grant application/tracking software, administrative needs of a national architectural fellowship, program website using HTML and Dreamweaver
Coordinated public relations outreach for several openings of Green affordable developments yearly.

Program Associate – Housing & Community Development Workgroup 2000 – 2004
Served as workshop coordinator for two annual national conferences and three national staff meetings.
Assisted with design and organization of workshops and various national technical assistance trainings.
Managed workshop speakers, speaker reimbursements, speaker technical assistance, workshop evaluations and employee assigned workshop managers.
Designed and tracked workshop evaluations, reimbursements and speaker training packets.
Recruited, trained and managed diverse groups of up to 50 onsite workshop volunteers for yearly national conference.
Managed marketing and customer inquiries for online classrooms
Coordinated public relations outreach for external online classrooms and various online meeting events.
Conducted orientations for new trainers and provided technical support for participants of e-learning and various online events.

Data Systems and Appointments Manager – Resource Development Group 1996 – 2000
Managed an online research database of over 1,000 current donors and deadlines using Excel and Raiser’s Edge
Conducted extensive examination of prospects for database and prospect research for possible fundraising appointments.
Strategized with top level Administrators to secure and schedule fundraising appointments including coordinating with several Market Leaders
Managed the process of finalizing and follow-up of information for debriefing of each fundraising appointment which included data entry into fundraising database.
Reported weekly on status of scheduling using a modified charting system.

EDUCATION:

Carroll County Community College, Westminster, MD
Course Emphasis: Business – various courses

MEMBERSHIPS & VOLUNTEER ACTIVITIES:

Volunteer Workshop Coordinator – IAL: International Alliance for Learning
Volunteer for Hospice Adult counseling for bereaved parents
Participant in James Rouse day, clean-up Baltimore neighborhoods
United Way Volunteer
Contact this candidate