Jeffrey Lipson
San Francisco, California ***** 415-***-**** ad72z6@r.postjobfree.com http://www.linkedin.com/in/jeffreylipson Accomplished professional with a successful history of change management, project management, program leadership, and aptitude for building effective communication channels with stakeholders to align business goals and drive positive outcomes. He has also organized major efforts to remediate deficiencies, address risks, and bring organizations into regulatory compliance. AREAS OF EXPERTISE
- Leadership of Cross Functional Teams - Project Management Methodologies - Data Migration/Mapping
- Business Process Improvement - Financial Forecasting - Scorecard/ Dashboard
- Workflow Automation - Competitive/ Market Analysis - Revenue Modeling
- Program Management/ Leadership - Model Validation - Technical Writing
- Roadmap Development/Implementation - Strategic Planning/ Business Strategy - Vendor Management
- Regulatory Compliance - M&A Integration/ Technical Integration - Project Team Growth/Develop. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Co-founder and COO Blue Dog Landscaping July 2017 - present In late 2016, Blue Dog Landscaping was born from clients demanding the most current environmental design trends along with the latest in outdoor environmental technologies to produce jaw-dropping designs that are fiscally prudent and which can be managed with smart phone technologies.
Key Accomplishments:
● At an 87 year old Atherton estate, four of the six work streams created the necessary infrastructure to centrally manage all water and electricity with smart phone technology. o Financial Results: New drip irrigation technologies have reduced outdoor water consumption by 35% and New LED lighting solutions across the entire property have a payback period of 12 months o Transitioned all completed projects for maintenance to a team of skilled landscape maintenance professionals using detailed transition plans and attending weekly issue resolution meetings Regulation W Program Manager BNPP/Bank of the West, San Francisco, CA Nov 2016 - July 2017 Contracted by Granite Solutions Groupe, San Francisco, CA In late 2015, the Federal Reserve Bank Regulator assigned to Bank of the West, during the Safety and Soundness Review, requested the Bank focus its’ efforts on developing a comprehensive enterprise-wide Reg. W program, centrally managed and insisted the Bank resolve all outstanding findings to date. Jeff and several Reg. W SMEs were contracted with to develop a Reg. W Program
● Created a program comprised of eight work streams, which created the necessary infrastructure to centrally manage the Bank’s Reg. W Program. A 9th work stream was created to solely focus on resolving all outstanding remediation tasks and improving relations with the Fed and the OCC investigators
● Improved Reg. W Governance and accountability was achieved through the creation of:
• A sub-committee of the Executive Compliance Committee (Senior Management) which approved all strategic roadmap documents and all approaches to resolving key strategic issues
• A Reg. W Working Group comprised of Bank Vice-Presidents from every line of business who met bi-monthly to review and approve all work stream deliverables and resolve escalated program issues
• Bi-monthly meetings with the program sponsors (SVP of Regulatory Affairs and Chief Risk Officer) to provide program updates and review the Risk Matrix.
Senior Manager within EY's Financial Services Office Ernst & Young, LLP, San Francisco, CA Sept 2011 - Aug 2016 Organized major efforts to remediate deficiencies, address risks, and bring financial institutions into regulatory compliance. Key Projects:
Review and Challenge Program Lead MUFG, Los Angeles, CA August 2014 - February 2015 In 2014, MUFJ (the parent of MUFG, formerly The Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi) requested the assistance of 10-12 consulting firms to assist in the creation of the MUFG’s 2015 Capital Plan. MUFJ was concerned about the outcome of the previous year’s Capital Plan. Specific sections had been identified as being deficient and did not fully meet the standards set by the Federal Reserve Bank. Jeff managed three key efforts over the course of the year to ensure all issues and risks were handled related to the Review and Challenge Process, the key documented data source used to create the Capital Plan.
● Review and Challenge: Phase 1 – Assessment. All Federal Reserve Bank communications to MUFG (i.e., MRIAs, MRAs and communications from the Federal Reserve Liaison) were aggregated into one cohesive document that synopsized themes and provided detailed supporting documentation used for solution generation.
● Review and Challenge: Phase 2 - Roadmap Creation: All issues identified in Phase 1 would be resolved by the Bank in advance of the 2015 Capital Plan Submission and Review and Challenge Sessions. This phase also included the creation of several new Policies and Procedures in addition to several ancillary documents that carefully articulated how Review and Challenge Documentation would be used to create the Capital Plan.
● Review and Challenge: Phase 3- Co-facilitate all ‘Review and Challenge’ sessions, provide crisp and accurate minutes, and prepare all requested Review and Challenge Deliverables for the 2015 Capital Plan submission. In addition, Jeff was one of the three key editors of the Capital Plan, having an ability to relate financial information to the broader business imperatives, and he used financial and statistical analysis to drive to logical conclusions. Key Accomplishments:
● Received praise from the Federal Regulators reviewing MUFG's 2015 Capital Plan submission, resulting in 60% fewer Matters Requiring Immediate Attention (MRIAs) than the previous year's submission. Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) Project Manager Union Bank of CA, SF, CA June 2012 – January 2013 Documented business and technical requirements for federally mandated CCAR schedules that needed to be completed for Capital Plan submissions. The purpose of documenting how these schedules would be created was to mitigate the risk of a potentially damaging infraction.
Capital Plan/ CCAR Roadmap Program Manager BNPP/Bank of the West, San Ramon, CA April 2012 - January 2013 Facilitated a gap analysis session and other key meetings with subject matter experts to define key activities, role descriptions, organizational design, and documented process flows which envisioned the “to-be” state. Described tasks, developed project plan and timeline, collaborated with the Core Capital Plan Sr. Leadership Team to present the Capital Plan Roadmap to the Board.
Senior Program Manager Wells Fargo Wholesale Information Services (WISe), San Francisco, CA Sept 2011 - March 2012 Developed a “Playbook” to communicate data analysis, data storage, data management, and data processing policies to stakeholders and business partners. Facilitated sessions to create the mission statement, operating protocols and roles and responsibilities of this newly conceived group. Led the team in creating a Roadmap to identify the key milestones, a Milestone Communication Plan to define the exchange of achievements, a Benefits Realizations Plan/Business Case to document the financial savings and an internal WISe SharePoint site to manage the data request process. When completed, the playbook also included improved standards for project intake, governance, financial management, resource planning, project execution standards, and status reporting.
Key Accomplishments:
● Both the retail and International arms of the Bank adopted the data standards created by this project.
● WISe has been so successful managing data that within 12 months of the completion of the program, WISE was managing enterprise wide data for regulatory reporting purposes. Wells Fargo/ Wachovia Wholesale Bank Merger Integration Core Team Member Contracted through M Squared, San Francisco, CA Nov 2008 – Aug 2011 Collaborated on four programs during the three-year integration effort. Key Leadership Projects:
● Customer Scheduling and Mapping Program Implementation Project.
● Cross-Wholesale Integration and Business as Usual Change Control Process Project. Improved integration effort risks, resource utilization, and tools and processes for clear communication.
● Cross -Wholesale Wells Fargo/Wachovia Merger Integration Development Project.
● Tools and Reporting Infrastructure Project. Facilitated weekly meetings among the 60+ executives, prepared dashboard for increased visibility of functions and status.
Key Accomplishments:
● Merged the Wholesale Banks of Wells Fargo & Wachovia while staying on budget and delivering on time.
● Implemented a ‘Cross-Wholesale Integration’ and ‘Business As Usual’ Change Control Process, which is actively used, 10 years post - merger.
● Delivered a Cross-Wholesale Wells Fargo/Wachovia Merger Integration Plan, which defined the overall Wholesale Integration Strategic Priorities and set forth the integration road map across all Wholesale Lines of Business. Clinical Technology (CT) Restructuring Program Manager Kaiser Permanente, Oakland, CA Jan 2007 - August 2008 Implemented a portfolio of 10 projects that were aligned to enterprise business objectives and which improved CT service to medical areas, and improved financial transparency to all Clinical Technology stakeholders of projects across Kaiser Permanente. Key Accomplishments:
● Reduced budgetary shortfalls by 55% in the first year alone and improved how Clinical Technology and KP-IT partnered on all medical device technology, earning them accolades from several health/technology associations. Manager of Project Mgmt. & Delivery for Contact Centers CA State Auto Association Feb 2005 – Dec 2006 Implemented $43M worth of technology and non-technology based projects that transformed the CSAA Contact Centers into a core capability for the enterprise. This included creating a service delivery subsidiary of CSAA called ACA and designing, planning, and going live with a new contact center and technology hub in Glendale, Arizona, with more than six hundred contact center agents and 350 technologists.
Key Accomplishments:
● Built a state of the art contact center and technology hub facility from idea to first call in less than 16 months, and implemented Avaya VoIP, several new IVRs, and skills based routing of calls starting day one in order to offload the tremendous call volumes taking place in CSAA’s other contact centers.
● Architected and implemented a new subsidiary for CSAA called ACA that will eventually house all CSAA Shared Service Capabilities, achieved labor arbitrage by moving into a lower cost labor market and achieved overall cost savings by offering a simpler benefits package to employees along with lower wages.
● Within the first three months of go-live, Glendale contact center agents started taking calls for other AAA clubs. With better financial tools in place, the agents started using an activity-based costing chargeback methodology. ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
People and Performance Strategic Initiative Program Manager, CA State Automobile Association, San Francisco, CA Director, Business Performance Management/Transformation, Blue Shield of California, San Francisco, CA Strategy & Business Architecture Manager, Financial Services, Accenture, Los Angeles, CA Director, Business-Development, more.com, San Francisco, CA Manager, Change-Management, Financial Services, Andersen Consulting, San Francisco, CA EDUCATION & AWARDS
Master of Business Administration, Finance University of Chicago Booth School of Business, Chicago, IL Dean’s Student Admission Committee, Dean’s Award for Distinction, Winter Leadership Award Bachelor of Science in Biology Santa Clara University, Santa Clara, CA Recipient of UCLA Alumni Academic Scholarship University of California at Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA References Provided Upon Request
Contact this candidate