Dhanalakshmi Dhote
ad72ig@r.postjobfree.com
+1-385-***-****

PROFILE
Around 6+ years’ experience in Administration, Marketing, Sales, and Finance for big firms like Coca Cola, Accor Services, Staples.
Worked as Associate Business Development Manager at Staples Future Office Products Pvt. Ltd,
Territory Manager at Accor Services and Key Account Manager at Hindustan Coca Cola Beverages Private Limited.
Managed multiple Key Accounts and was instrumental in launching and promoting Brands with end customers.
Strong expertise in the People function, touching all facets including learning & development, performance management, compensation, compliance, employee relations, DEI, recruiting, and talent policies and procedures.
Good customer service and relationship management skills.
Good at communicating ideas, presentation to clients and teammates.
Efficient team member with excellent work/time management skills.
Able to achieve task-oriented jobs and work under strict guidelines.
Good analytical and communication skills and ability to work independently with minimal supervision also perform as part of a team.
Highly motivated team player with analytical, organizational, and technical skills, unique ability to adapt quickly to challenges and changing environment.
Excellent interpersonal skills, proven team player with an analytical bent to problem solving and delivering under high stress environment.
Have excellent Written and Verbal communication skills coupled with good technical understanding.
Can adapt to different technologies and adept at determining how best to apply technology to meet the business needs.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Applications: MS Office, Excel, PowerPoint
Database/SQL: Oracle, MS-SQL, and MySQL
Operating Systems: Windows
Programming Languages: C, SQL

BUSINESS ADMNISTRATION SKILLS
Operations research skills
Strategic financial Management skills
Customer Behavior and Customer Relationship management skills
Management of Advertising
Management Information Systems (MIS)
Human Resource Management skills

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

No work experience in the US. Home Maker for the last 10 years.

Previous Work Experience
Company: Staples Future Office Products Pvt. Ltd
Role: Associate Business Development Manager
Duration: Oct 2007 – Aug 2008
Job Responsibilities:
Working experience with SAP – Customer creation, updates, billing schedules.
Responsible for handling corporate accounts/organizations for corporate gifting and contract delivery of all orders with a team of subordinates.
Interact closely with clients to provide innovative business tax planning, consulting, and compliance services in a timely and effective manner.
Work closely with Partners, Senior Managers, Managers and staff on client management, professional development, and business development activities.
Generating new prospects and leads. Personally, meeting them. Show casing about the company and the products and services offered. Building customer relationship.
Managing the commitment and delivery of the required product to the customers by coordinating with the logistics, procurement, and supply chain team.
Arranging for the invoice cost center wise, follow up for timely payments and supporting the branch head in preparing reports in time and maintain the customer data base.
Maintaining the customer data base and analyzing the data to generate new business and new opportunities.
Working with the marketing team to advertise the product.
Planning for quarterly, half yearly and yearly revenue generation for the company.
Achieving sales targets along with my team
Strong knowledge of bookkeeping and accounting.

Company: Accor Services Pvt. Ltd
Role: Territory Manager
Duration: Nov 2005- Oct 2007
Job Responsibilities:
As a Territory Manager, I was responsible for managing Key Corporate Accounts by meeting the Corporate Heads and generate new corporate accounts.
Responsible to meet the Sales Target.
Responsible for generating revenue from the assigned clients.
Relationship Management with the existing clients.
Taking care of corporate sales and subscription sales.
Working experience with SAP – Customer creation, updates, billing schedules.
Handling the database executives’ team and coordinating with database executives to get the data and analyze the raw data.
Handle the Tele-Sales Team to gather the data and advertise about the company product.
Handling the network department and distribution departments to run the day-to-day activities without any obstacles.

Company: Hindustan Coca Cola Beverages Private Limited.
Role: Key Account Executive
Duration: Apr 2004 – Nov 2005
Job Responsibilities:
As a Marketing Executive I handled Key Accounts (Modern Trade).
Take care of all the merchandising activities and responsible for visibility of Coca-Cola product in the market.
Used to handle indirect Distribution. Pushing for primary as well as secondary products.
Contribute for increasing market share through market development.
Handled the Distributors and Salespersons under me.
Work on the data of the sales of every product and analyze the data.
Analyzing sales data to derive which product is giving good percent of market share.
Prioritizing the products and planning for the for the raise in the market share.
Working with the advertising department to Advertise the product through TV Ads, Radio etc.
Worked on some social programs and sponsored on behalf of the company.

EDUCATION
Masters in Business Administration (MBA) from Andhra University, Visakhapatnam, India.
Bachelors in Computer Applications (BCA) from Andhra University, Visakhapatnam, India.

Work Authorization: EAD Available
Previous Work experience certificates available
Contact this candidate