VISHAL LAL MOB: 253-***-**** EMAIL: ad74lb@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER OBJECTIVES
To be appointed in a role where I can vigorously transmit my knowledge, use my energy and skills to develop, motivate, lead, enhance, and encourage employee productivity, develop skills, and further enhance the respective field of my education.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
Postgraduate Diploma in Entrepreneurship and Management
Post Graduate Diploma in Arts-Literature - University of the South Pacific
Diploma in Tertiary Teaching - Fiji National University (Formerly known as Fiji Institute of Technology)
Bachelor of Arts in Literature and Language & Geography - University of the South Pacific
Certificate of Participation in Strategic Leadership and Management (Fiji National University)
Certificate in Marketing Essentials (University of the South Pacific)
Certificate in Leadership and Management (Ministry of Education(Fiji)/Access to Quality Education in the Pacific)

COMPUTER LITERACY
Proficient in the use of Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint and Outlook

SPECIAL ACHIEVEMENT
Attained a successful skills assessment through VETASSES – the skills assessment body of Australia

WORK EXPERIENCE
Business Development Manager Fiji and the Pacific /Education Counsellor

Studyhut Consultants Pty Ltd (June 2023 - till date)

Business Development Manager
Maintain current client relationship and identifying areas for potential clients
Contacting potential clients to establish a business relationship and meet with them
Develop new sales areas and improving sales through various methods
Research the latest in the business industry and creating new opportunities to expand business
Collaborate with sales and design team to ensure requirements are met, such as sales numbers and profit goals
Train junior salespeople to improve sales goals and meet expectations
Establish a strong understanding of company products or services as well as business position and competition to keep business competitive.
Plan Student Recruitment Activities, (Preparing project plan, budget development, and marketing plan)
Education Consultant
Analyze and assess international students’ educational needs and academic potential
Advise international students and parents on suitable educational institutions, programs, and career paths
Provide guidance on application processes for schools, colleges, and universities
Collaborate with teachers, school administrators, and parents to maximize student success in their international Student Visa Process
Conduct seminars and workshops to educate parents and students on various educational opportunities
Stay up-to-date with current education trends, policies, and admission procedures
Prepare reports on students’ progress in counseling sessions and student recruitment.
Used CRM software for workflow and visa lodgment process.
Manager Outreach
Fiji National University (June 2022 - April 2023)
1. Outreach Strategy and Outreach Plan
Lead the development and delivery of an Outreach and recruitment strategy for each College and their programmes
Develop and implement Outreach Strategy & Plan that align to university Strategic Plan and support national priority
Devise a system to track and monitor the progress of the strategy
Manage and lead FNU’s Outreach initiatives and programmes
Develop and maintain strong knowledge on government initiatives and widening participation legislation.
Identify opportunities and risks associated with the outreach activity and collaborate with other Managers to mitigate at all levels.
Update university photo bank with projects undertaken during the year, ensure relevant approvals are in place. Develop robust digital media plan for outreach initiatives to increase FNU’s presence through various projects undertaken
to carry out outreach activity, review annually.

2. Outreach Projects
Prepare calendar of events for Outreach and Alumni Department
Manage University visits such as campus tour - Resource planning and logistics for School Visits, Industry Outreach, Form Collection, Provincial Council, School delivery, MOE careers fair within and outside campus
Present project plan to the Management team for deliberation outlining accountabilities and timelines
Create attractive and meaningful presentations and lead the outreach team at the school visit such as guest appearance at careers classes.

3. Implementing the Alumni Strategy and Plan
Create and oversee an effective Alumni Strategy and Annual Plan
Prepare brief for the STL, Council and Senate as required on the progress of FNU Alumni - Facilitate Alumni engagement events.

4. Stakeholder Engagement
Maintain excellent working relationships with the Colleges, Divisions and Departments to ensure effective outreach strategies are implemented
Develop entry-level staff into valuable marketing and outreach representatives of the university to targeted communities
Promote the profile of the University as a whole to external audiences
Develop a growth strategy focused on student satisfaction - Conduct regular meetings with internal and external stakeholders
Develop ways to enhance community relations in collaboration with other departments
Manage stakeholder list in collaboration with other departments such as Industry list, school list, sponsor list
Regional and Community Engagement
Expected to keep up-to-date with regional and national developments within the educational sector, as well as feedback this information to colleagues within the Marketing and Communications Department.

5. Market Research
Measure the effectiveness of University Outreach Campaigns
Conduct Market Research that supports Outreach and Alumni Campaigns
Collect data on prospective students such as Year 12 & Year 13 results from MOE consolidating information into actionable items, reports, and presentation
Understanding University objectives and designing surveys to discover prospective student preferences
Provide insights on regional markets and advertise TVET Pasifika brand in regional markets to potential students - Data analysis of surveys that support student recruitment drive

Acting Senior Manager Marketing and Branding
Fiji National University (March 2020 - June 2022)

•Develop undergraduate and postgraduate marketing strategies in line with the strategic objectives of the University.
•Undertake and coordinate market research around market conditions, competitor activity and customer behavior in the Fiji marketplace.
•Carryout major productions such as University prospectus.
•Prepare and finalize the yearly budget for the Division of Marketing and Communications.
•Prepare, present and oversee all marketing plans throughout the year.
•Draft and present Yearly Budget for the Division of Marketing and Communications.

Advertising Officer

Fiji National University (February 2018 – March 2020)

•Strategizing, managing and Monitoring FNU Advertising Plan.
•Prepare yearly advertising budget and submit it to Finance for approval.
•Monitor Advertising Budget for the Division of Marketing and Colleges and other support sections.
•Build networks with all advertising agencies

Editor - Department of Communications and Marketing

Fiji National University (July 2015 – February 2018)
•Coordinate, edit and write Press Releases, weekly newsletter, Senior Team’s Speech and ensure the timely release
•Assisting in compiling, editing, and publication of annual reports and internal Evaluation and Review reports and strategic plans,
•Monitor the FNU webpage and Facebook,
•Oversee the Public Relations, Marketing, Events and Graphic Designs operations.

Team Leader/HOD - Languages

Lami High School (February 2012 - July 2015)

Managed and lead a 10-member team in the department as the Head of the department.

Key activities that involved under this role are:

•Implement teaching strategies to enhance teaching and learning to achieve desired standards.
•Assist Administrators in formulating the Strategic and annual plan for the institution.
•Provide professional leadership, and pastoral care and carry out management, administrative or task-specific responsibilities associated with the position.
•effectively and efficiently use available resources, including financial resources and assets, within delegated authorities, to support learning outcomes for students. Staff and Student Management
•represent and communicate effectively, to a range of audience, the goals and tasks of the department, faculty or area of responsibility.
•participate in and where appropriate, contribute to the school’s performance management system.
•provide effective advice and guidance to other members of the staff.
•monitor teacher/student relationships and provide advice and support when required.
•communicate effectively with students and staff. Professional Leadership
•provide professional leadership to staff within the delegated area(s) of responsibility.
•demonstrate a high level of awareness of educational developments and changes, particularly in the area(s) of responsibility.
•ensure that procedures for making decisions in the area of responsibility are consistent with national guidelines and with the school’s policies.
•ensure that changing social and cultural factors affecting the school’s community are reflected in the policies and programs of the delegated area(s) of responsibility.
•foster positive relationships between the school and all sectors of the community.
•liaise with national language advisors such as Ministry of Education Languages Unit.

Senior Language Teacher

Batinikiama Secondary School / Bhawani Dayal Arya College/ Ahmadiyya Muslim College / D.A.V. College (March 2008 – January 2012)

lesson planning and preparation, including creating and selecting learning materials
Coordinate learning and teaching for liaising with parents/carers and guardians
supervising extracurricular activities

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS

Project head – Fiji National University Open Day 2022 (First time ever the Open Day was visited by special schools, vocational institutes, religious groups, youth groups, parents and the general public- no one left out)
Spearheaded the Nation – wide Careers Teachers Workshop (First for Fiji)
Carried out Nation-wide school visit project - (First for Fiji)
Carried out community engagement project
Established industry stakeholder partnership
Compiled and oversaw the publication of the first prospectus for the Fiji National University
First Signage Manual for the Fiji National University - worked with International Company
Prepared First ever Brand Manual for the Fiji National University
Initiated fundraising to help school repair project (carried out presentation to the Minster for youth and Sports (Fiji) and Rotary Club)

SOME EXAMPLES OF PROJECTS

https://fb.watch/jOdmlfEm_Y/
https://fb.watch/jOdp6SfQRz/
https://fb.watch/jOdrGPXJ20/
https://fb.watch/jOdu16Kn1L/
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=pfbid0C7oHPpowHQM4nib1Hr8wmbehokmevm9RobwCsw6aCSGnBNySUUWFhXRdwgGzhCX8l&id=100************&mibextid=Nif5oz
https://fb.watch/jOdDxTTM28/
https://fb.watch/jOdJUOc1Nf/

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS

•Good public speaker / outspoken and vocal. ( represented FNU on all national radio and television talkback shows
•Communicable at all levels irrespective of race, gender and ranks.
•Excellent team player abilities and Public Relations.
•Report writing and thorough research skills.
•Ability to adapt to different working environment.

REFEREES

Professional

1.Ms Jenies Mudiliar
Director Marketing and Communication
University of the South Pacific (Former Director of Marketing and Communications - Fiji National University
Ph: +679-*******
Email: ad74lb@r.postjobfree.com

2.Mr Anmol Singh Mahnas
Chief Executive Officer
Studyhut Consultants Pty Ltd (Australia)
Ph: +61-404-***-***
Email: ad74lb@r.postjobfree.com

Academic

3.Mr Mohammed Gani
Managing Director
Pacific Brother’s Distribution Ltd/ Senior Lecturer - Fiji National University
Ph: +679-*******
Email: ad74lb@r.postjobfree.com

Personal

4.Mr Mark Videen
Family Friend and Mentor/ Former Director IT for Safeway
Ph: 206-***-****
Email: ad74lb@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate