SHARON MALONE
ad753j@r.postjobfree.com • Lansing, IL 60438 • 773-***-****

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Experienced Communications Manager and Business Professional with a proven track record of delivering successful strategies and campaigns. Strategic in planning, project management, and business development. Skilled in content creation, media relations, and crisis management.
Strong leadership and team collaboration abilities and building strong relationships, driving revenue growth, and exceeding performance targets.

EDUCATION
MBA in Business Administration November 2023
Southern New Hampshire University, Manchester, New Hampshire

BA in Journalism/Communications December 2013
Chicago State University, Chicago, IL

SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS

Strategic planning
Media relations
Content
Leadership
Marketing
Problem-solving

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Music Director and Instructor, Calvin Christian School August 2023- May 2024
·Taught PK-5th grade general music, 6th-8th grade choir, and a 3rd-5th grade elective after school chorus.
·Provided choral direction.
·Assessed student progress for music excellence.
·Produced musical events to share progress with school community.
· Demonstrated knowledge of music theory .
Case Manager, Safer Foundation, Chicago, IL January 2021- Current
·Conduct weekly case plan meetings to track progress and set goals for clients.
·Collaborate with multidisciplinary team to provide comprehensive support to individuals in need.
·Assess client needs and connected to community resources, improving access to services.
·Develop and implement individualized care plans for clients.
·Proficient in conducting assessments and providing referrals for clients' needs.
·Coordinate services and advocating for clients within multidisciplinary teams.

Communications Manager, Dosa Naturals, Valparaiso, IN April 2019-January 2021
Developed and implemented strategic communication plans to promote brand awareness and engagement.
Managed media relationships and coordinated press releases for company events and announcements.
Organized successful PR events for media coverage, engaging stakeholders with strategic messaging.
Led social media campaigns to boost brand awareness and drive audience engagement.
Managed crisis communications effectively, maintaining reputation and mitigating damage.
Led cross-functional teams to create and deliver compelling content for various marketing channels.
Excellent organizational skills with great attention to detail and the ability to steadily handle multiple projects simultaneously while meeting deadlines and not comprising quality.

Parts and Quotes Coordinator, Metro Tech, Schaumburg, IL December 2014-March 2019
Communicated with suppliers to ensure timely delivery of required part
Maintained accurate records of inventory levels and parts pricing.
Prepared timely and accurate quotes for customer orders.
Collaborated with vendors to negotiate pricing and secure competitive quotes.
Collaborated with sales team to ensure competitive pricing and high customer satisfaction.
Contact this candidate