Joseph O’Donnell
ad753m@r.postjobfree.com
401-***-****
** ******* ***
North Smithfield, RI

Summary: Energetic technical professional with a consistent record of success managing multimillion-dollar projects in the areas of IT consulting, cloud, SDWAN, Security, Connectivity, Collaboration, and managed mobile application services. Exceptional mentor and coach. Successful in building new business, managing public sector processes and procurement policies, securing customer loyalty, and forging strong relationships with internal and external business partners. Expertise in market development, executive presentations, technical product knowledge and design.

Specialties: C-Level Negotiation, Government and Education Account Management, IoT, Mobility, Mobile Applications, Mobility solutions utilizing all providers, Deal Shaping, Managed Services, IT, SDWAN, Cloud, Telecommunications, Network Design, Team Building, Coaching, Reporting,

Experience

Business Development Manager
Comcast Business
March 2024 – Present

Researched and Prospected accounts for Comcast Business with a concentration on mobility for the SMB market.
Utilized Five9 Dialer, Salesfore.com, Zoominfo, LinkedIn and Outreach to develop territory plans and prospecting processes
Managed all functions of the selling cycle and oversaw installation, billing and service
Primary contact for pricing and contracts
Worked with management team to effectively sell SMB customers advanced technology.

Senior Account Director
Windstream Enterprise
September 2021 – Present

Intimately involved the design and planning of clients’ solutions including SDWAN, SASE, MPLS, hosted voice, IP, Security and Unified Communications. Hunted, closed and managed K-12 and University accounts as well as State and local government accounts in Massachusetts and Rhode Island.
Utilized Salesfore.com, Zoominfo, LinkedIn and Outreach to develop territory plans and prospecting processes
Worked closely with a team of engineers and front line sales resources and managed all functions of the selling cycle and oversaw installation, billing and service
Primary contact for pricing and contracts
Worked closely with Partners to ensure the profitability. Specialized in the ability to develop relationships with teammates and partners as well as clients.

Manager of Managed Services and Telecom
Innovex
January 2020 – July 2020
Worked to expand the market presence of an abundantly successful business services company.
Researched, engaged, and negotiated partnerships to open outlets for the company to move into an environment focused on managed services, VoIP, and Cloud services
Partnered with various Mobility, Cloud and managed services company and VoIP providers.
Screened, interviewed, and hired engineering and call center resources.

Business Development Manager
Sprint
September 2018 – November 2019
Expertise in business mobility applications and prospecting techniques including social media and e-mail programs for mid-market and government accounts.
Utilized Salesforce.com to organize my account lists and prospects.
Success was driven by understanding mobile technologies, partnering with resources, both in and outside of my organization, to develop solutions and leads.

Senior Global Account Manager
CenturyLink
July 2014 – April 2017
Combined my experience identifying, proposing, and closing network opportunities with an additional focus on new technologies like Managed Mobile Applications, SDWAN, Security, Cloud and managed services for fortune 500 and Government accounts.
Understanding of clients’ business drivers and can propose innovative solutions that have a positive effect on their bottom line.
Greatest success and largest sale: a $175,000.00/mo 175 site MPLS network for a fortune 100 account
Developed relationships, identified opportunities, and helped design solutions with mobility partners like Verizon, Sprint, and AT&T along with assigned Engineers.
Depended on my knowledge of all technologies involved and ability to trust my engineers and guide their activity to result in success.

Premier Client Group Territory Manager
AT&T
July 2011 – March 2014
Position at AT&T involved a broad knowledge of all AT&T products and services.
Intimately involved the design and planning of clients’ solutions including Mobility Solutions, MPLS, hosted voice, IP, Data Center security and Unified Communications.
Worked with Cisco and other Solutions Providers to penetrate non-AT&T accounts
Managed a team of engineers and front line sales resources as well as assisting with all functions of the selling cycle and oversaw installation, billing and service
Primary contact for pricing and contracts
Worked closely with mobility counterparts and Cisco partners to ensure the profitability of my clients. Specialized in the ability to develop relationships with teammates and partners as well as clients.

Senior Client Account Manager
Verizon Business
December 2007 – July 2011
Presenting and implementing Mobility Solutions, MPLS products, data center applications, cloud computing solutions, VoIP, managed services, security services including assessments, Ethernet and ring technologies and legacy voice and data products
Maintained profitability in my module.
Worked extensively with State organizations to create processes and purchasing agreements that help maximize bottom line profit for Verizon and network efficiency for clients. Hunted, closed and managed K-12 and University accounts as well as State and local government accounts in Massachusetts and Rhode Island.

Education

University of Rhode Island – English
1978 – present

Certifications
Miller-Heiman Strategic Selling
Cisco – CSE3
Cisco Sales Sec
Contact this candidate