Scott Head
**** ***** ****** ***** **
Acworth, GA 30101
678-***-****
ad787j@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

As a successful owner/operator of a leading automotive repair facility for over 6 years, I parlayed the success into the sale of my business as it set new records every year. Prior to that venture, I was a well tenured professional business owner and manager in the pre-stressed, precast concrete manufacturing and erection business, whose previous posts include chief sales and marketing officer, VP/ general manager and operations manager, in a highly competitive industry. Areas of expertise include business development, sales, project and process management, and leadership skills. I have been continuously employed since the age of 17. Cultivating relationships and serving staff and clients continues to be my passion.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Christian Brothers Automotive Acworth 01/2016 to 03/2022
Sole Owner / President
Increased revenue 270% while taking the business from last place in Georgia to 2nd place in annual revenues.
Increased client base by 100% while increasing csi scores to leading position in the national and state ranking.
Advanced the business from a distressed position to top percentile with multiple awards from local, state and national organizations.
Sold the business to capitalize on the financial multiples achieved.

Legacy Precast – Houston, TX 9/2014 to 12/2015
Vice President – Business Development

Promoted the building system services (parking garages, stadiums, warehouses, mid rises) to design-build and traditional general contractors, design professionals (A&E) and owners and developers in Houston, San Antonio, Austin, Dallas, Fort Worth and southern Oklahoma.

Resigned to purchase the Automotive business.

Page 2 Scott Head

Superior Walls of East Tennessee 02/2013 to 09/2014
General Manager
Director of Commercial Sales
Corporate Sales Manager for Superior Walls Business
Precast Product Development Mgr.

Successfully formed a marketing licensee agreement with a patented retaining wall system owner and with their design and engineering company. Identified, estimated and proposed and won projects in the TDOT and MSDOT markets. Developed components and systems for market penetration for the Above Grade wall panel market, while promoting, marketing and selling the legacy products and services from the Foundation Wall business. Managing 9 Regional Sales Representatives and administrative staff. Started up manufacturing of MSE wall panels with a leading wall technology company. Hired and trained new employees in all areas of the business. Developed productivity and incentive programs for sales and manufacturing. Provided oversight on drawing and project development, especially commercial and non-customary projects. Project estimating and P&L reviews for job and company performance.

Resigned to accept position at Legacy Precast

Compass Materials Group, LLC 10/2012 to Present
Owner

Formed the corporation by creating alliances with several manufacturers of construction materials. Created business plan, website, marketing materials and retained the services of a Regional Vice President for market penetration.

United Concrete Products, Inc. – Yalesville, CT 9/2011 to 9/2012
Division Manager – Retaining Wall Group

Assumed overall responsibility for marketing, estimating, sales, operations, accounting and P&L preparation for a newly acquired specialty retaining wall business, which had been mothballed for a number of years.

Grew the business while re-organizing the staff and procedures. Established a continuous program to re-furbish the manufacturing forms, re-design the design software to become compliant with current AASHTO codes and requirement.

Worked within an existing plant in limited manufacturing area and with minimum specialty casting forms while balancing the needs of multiple contracts to ensure that all contracts were served according to their needs.

Increased output, efficiency, quality, and profitability, verifiable by the cost/ P&L system personally developed. Positioned the division for good margins for months to come.

Page 3 Scott Head

Left company as the business could not be grown any larger without physical plant space and the national program could not be built out due to lack of specialty forms available to send to other producers.

NAPCO Precast, LLC – San Antonio, Texas 5/2010 to 9/2011
Director – Sales, marketing, estimating

Replaced retiring VP of Sales and successfully re-organized the department.

Direct/manage chief estimator, sales engineer, two architects (presentation drawings and methods) and two professional business development representatives as we market and sold our systems in the major metropolitan areas of Texas, namely Houston, Austin, Dallas, San Antonio.

Served on the Executive Management Committee to steer and guide the activities of the company. Serve on the board of directors for PCMA Texas – our marketing association.

I left this position for an opportunity to build a new regional and national business.

MC Precast, Inc. - Atlanta, Georgia 10/2007 to 12/2009

Vice President - Business Development – Precast Division

Developed the market for a new business unit and achieved 2 million dollars in sales before the new plant was operational, outperforming the pro-forma budget.
Created initial start-up program by hiring, training and directing the sales and operations staff to conduct the sales of manufactured products and services including marketing, estimating, engineering, detailing and project management. Developed cost and sales budgets to support pro-forma and P&L statements.
Directed and led the process for achieving national certification, which was achieved in less than normal time resulting in broader market reach capability.
Co-managed the build-out of the new $12 million manufacturing facility.
The company went into financial re-organization.

Coreslab Structures (Atl.), Inc. - Jonesboro, Georgia 5/2002 to 10/2007
Vice President- Manager, Sales and Contracts - Prestressed

Directed marketing and sales of $23 million of manufactured products and services and managed 5 sales managers and estimators in a 7-state market area in the southeast. Achieve positive P&L results – red to black.

Employed system solution marketing replacing commodity type selling, which increased sales by 100% in the first year and significantly raised market share and margins thereafter.

Page 4 Scott Head

Boosted revenues an additional $2.5 million/year with a precast sideline that contributed greatly to overall growth of revenue and profits.

Provided leadership that resulted in better cooperation and more cohesive teamwork. Received the highest review marks issued by manager in division’s history.
Left this position to undertake the project of MC Precast.

The below 3 companies represent one business and facility that manufactured architectural precast concrete and was sold twice during consolidation. I worked for them all and assisted in each transaction. The plant closed in 2003.
Gate Precast Company - Savannah, Georgia 1997-2002
Vice President of Operations – Architectural Precast Products

Responsible for overall management and operation of 2 manufacturing plants with a total of 100 employees. Integrated into a new parent company with new cost accounting systems, new programs for safety, loss control and environmental systems.
Oversaw $1.50 million in major capital projects to update the facility.
Negotiated and executed all prime contracts and sub-contracts.
Owners closed the plant due to excess capacity in the regional market.

Universal Concrete Products - Savannah, Georgia
Vice President - Sales and Marketing – Architectural Precast Products

Increased company revenue from $0 to over $1 million/month, within months, while raising margins on new revenue through skillful negotiations.
Marketing, development, and direct sales of new products to complement existing lines. Penetrated existing markets and established new clients.
Conducted contract sales and project management including estimates, contract execution and sub-contract management. Positive P&L impact – red to black.
EnCon United – Southeast - Savannah, Georgia
Regional Vice President – Architectural and Structural Precast

Sales and project management for Cut Art Castings and Atlanta Structural under the common owner - EnCon United.

Position ended with the sale of Cut Art to Universal and the dissolution of the regional company.

Page 5 Scott Head

Cut Art Castings Company - Savannah, Georgia
Vice President - General Manager – Cast Stone and Architectural Precast

Mitigated carryover problems from former ownership and re-organized down-line management staff and processes resulting in improved operation all around.
Re-established company in the marketplace as a dependable supplier gaining larger contracts and better product mix, which resulted in more than a 100% increase in revenues, a 30% increase in unit revenue, a 400% increase in product size with improved productivity. Positive improvement on P&L – red to black.
Standard Concrete Products - Savannah, Georgia 1982 to 1997
Operations Manager – heavy structural components

Responsible for $50 million per year in project estimates and $15 million per year in specialty procurements for 3 manufacturing plants.
Affected the specification of company products and services for use on multiple project types through skillful negotiations and personal relationship alliances. Increased sales by 15% per year for 8 consecutive years. Garnered repeat business.
Developed and managed projects through design and production.
Macon Prestressed Concrete Company - Jonesboro, Georgia 1980 to 1982
Production, Transportation and Erection Coordinator

Pre-Stressed Systems Inc. - Stockbridge, Georgia 1978 to 1980
Production Supervisor/Quality Control Tech.

PROFESSIONAL EDUCATION, ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDENTIALS:

Clayton, Armstrong and Augusta State Colleges
Core-curriculum and business courses

Certifications and Associations -
Ambassador – Acworth Business Association
CBAC - National Zone Representative for Marketing Committee
Board of Directors – PCMA Texas
Professional Construction Estimating- Certification, SC State
Associated General Contractors – multiyear member
Prestressed-Precast Concrete Institute – National member
GCPCI Regional - board of directors
Spancrete Manufacturer's Association - Marketing Committee
Associated Builders and Contractors – multiyear member
Professional Construction Estimators' Association – Treasurer
American Subcontractors Association, Georgia Chapter Member
Sustainable Solutions of North Ga - advisor
Contact this candidate