Atoya McClenton
**** ******* **** **** * #***
Memphis, TN 38125
Cell: 901-***-**** Email: ad798h@r.postjobfree.com

Profile
Friendly and engaging team player and leader able to inspire staff to perform their best. Detail oriented and experienced manager passionate about managing and aspiring . A multi-tasker who excels at staff training and recruiting with a track record of inspiring great employees
Experience
Kellogg’s, Memphis, Tennessee
Processing/Packing Supervisor -Oct. 2021 - Present

Prioritizes production schedules based on product introduction, equipment efficiency, and material supply to meet customer requirements.
Initiates and participates in process development and cost improvement projects.
Prioritizes production schedules based on product introduction, equipment efficiency, and material supply to meet customer requirements.
Initiates and participates in process development and cost improvement projects.
Assist in department budget planning and manage department expenses.
Maintains safe and clean work environment by educating and directing personnel on the use of all shipping stations, equipment, and resources, maintaining compliance with established policies and procedures.
Assist the Operations Manager with planning, organizing, and directing warehouse activities to ensure successful operations.
Reviews daily/regularly plant operating performance and advises on changes in operating conditions that will improve efficiencies/quality
Assist in department budget planning and manage department expenses.
Maintains safe and clean work environment by educating and directing personnel on the use of all shipping stations, equipment, and resources, maintaining compliance with established policies and procedures.
Assist the Operations Manager with planning, organizing, and directing warehouse activities to ensure successful operations.
Reviews daily/regularly plant operating performance and advises on changes in operating conditions that will improve efficiencies/quality

FLEX, Memphis, Tennessee
Shipping Supervisor- Oct. 2018 - 2021
Oversee employees and make sure the employees are performing their job. Demonstrates a sense of urgency in support of the team's ability to exceed perform daily/weekly goals.
Directed the workﬂow and professional development for the Value-Added Services team members who included one team.
Assist with the training of all departmental new hires and temps.
Ability to fill in for management when needed or directed. Worked independently with little or no management.

PFSWEB, Memphis, Tennessee
Picking Supervisor - August 2016 - Oct. 2018
Responsible for directing the daily operational functions of 20+ associates working in the distribution center while performing the requirements of departmental positions as needed.

Functioned as a working supervisor responsibility included delegating work assignments for team members as well as processing units to assist with meeting daily production goals.

Excellent communication skills, interacted closely with distribution management team and associates.
Met or exceeded all departmental production goals.

Trained all of the department associates and new hires on all aspects of the department. Supplied the Area Manager with accurate production information.

New Breed (Disney), Memphis, Tennessee
Shipping Supervisor -July 2006-2016

Oversee the processing of orders for picking via warehouse management system.

Coordinate the distribution of work and daily assignments to Order Prep Clerks. Manages the order ﬂow to the ﬂoor and communicates with central planning.

Work closely with the Shipping Management to coordinate the functions of the Order Prep Office and assignments for the Order Prep Clerks. Interact closely with other departmental leads.
Verifies and keep records on outgoing shipments and prepares items for shipping. Perform daily audits to improve Inventory Accuracy.

Promote and maintain safe, clean and healthful working environment.
Education
Mississippi Valley State University 1992-1995
Bachelor’s in business administration

SKILLS & ABILITIES
·Accounting & Budgeting
·KPI
·3PL
·Excel
·Workload planning
·Continuous Improvement
· AS400
·Knowledge of MS Office applications
·WMOS
·Kronos
·Customer Service
·Reasoning and analytical skill
Professional references available upon request.
Contact this candidate