Sandra M. Pyle
***** ******** *****
Houston, TX. 77062
832-***-**** ad799q@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE:
Accomplished Sales Executive with an exemplary work ethic, relentless commitment to excellent service and a proven track record as a top producing Customer Development Manager. I have a strong ability to persuade people with varying backgrounds to win them over and broaden their views by coaching and developing others to their full potential. My experience has allowed me to develop and build trusted relationships with clients to provide win-win solutions.
Significantly and consistently increase sales revenues.
Keen negotiator and closer ensuring strategic growth in market share.
Uncompromising dedication to clients and consistent commitment to satisfaction.
Organized, goal oriented, results driven professional with strong interpersonal skills.
Reliable and motivating team player.
Ability to embrace and adapt to change efficiently and effectively. PROFESSIONAL CAREER SYNOPSIS:
Territory Manager
SAS Retail Services – Houston, TX 2023/Present
Our client Energizer moved to SAS Retail Services and offered the 11 Top Territory Managers the opportunity to continue representing their portfolio within Walmart. As a part of the Dedicated Retail Team, we are consistently challenged to overcome obstacles and accomplish all goals.
POS remains in the top 10 of DRT sales
Excellent relationship building ability
Achieve goals by utilizing sales data previous and current
28 Walmart store responsibility to achieve 100% coverage and frequency
Place out all backroom stock both inline and endcap placement Territory Manager
Premium Retail – Houston, TX 2018/2023
Premium Retail is one of the “Five Preferred Vendors” allowed in one of the top big box stores. Energizer was serviced by Advantage which choose to move their business to Premium and take the 12 top performers.
Consistent Over Achiever
Relentlessly Competitive
Consultative and Fact – Base Selling
Quota Excellence
People development through training, coaching and mentorship Sandra M. Pyle
Page 2
Customer Development Manager
Advantage Solutions – Houston, TX 2010/2018
Advantage the leading sales and marketing agency focused on service, customized solutions, and outstanding results.
Nationwide trainer for our client “Energizer” while continuing to maintain the southeast Houston territory.
Meets/exceeds POS to Plan Goal.
Fact based selling utilizing incremental programs. Creeden Sales, Inc.
District Sales Manager – Houston, TX 2009/2010
Creeden services span the hardware co-op, farm and ranch, big box, industrial and eCommerce segments.
Responsible for selling 32 independent lines into hardware stores and co-ops with assigned territory.
Assisted manufacturers and retailers to grow their business through in store sales and planogram placement.
Show support by helping navigate complex corporate relationships from clients to executive level.
Maytag Corporation 1998/2007
District Sales Manager - Newton, IA
Assigned territory was eight states and nine service centers.
Major accounts were MHAC (Maytag Home Appliance Centers), Conn’s and Foley’s along with independent appliance and vac shops.
All lines that were under Maytag’s umbrella were sold at every account.
Lead the nation in sales 6 out of 10 years.
EDUCATION and TRAINING:
Clayton Jr. College – Jonesboro, GA. – Understudies Situational Sales Negotiation – Houston, TX.
New Horizons Computer Learning Centers – Houston, TX.
Contact this candidate