Oleksandr Parkhomenko

Area Manager/General Manager

Experienced and successful manager with over 22 years of experience in managing business growth and international market development, a highly accomplished Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director who has consistently delivered outstanding results for industry leaders. I have a proven track record of
leading business expansion in Ukrainian, European, and North American markets and
transforming company sales by more than 200% in competitive environments.
I am known as a motivational, influential leader and collaborator who guides team
members in realizing goals and meeting aggressive sales quotas. I build and maintain
lasting relationships, leveraging communication skills in Ukrainian, English and Russian
to converse with clarity and diplomacy.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

TOPUS INC:
Managed +30 employees across three countries at a global company specializing in a business incorporation services worldwide.
Develop ambitious business strategies that raise revenue by 500% and reduce expenses by 30% quarterly/annually.
Increase growth by 200% in 2020 by overhauling underperforming departments and reducing stagnation.
Oversee executive leadership, employee training, communications, media strategizing and public relations.
Establish short-term and long-term financial and expansion goals.
Transform the company culture to be more open, transparent and accountable.

SBNEO LLC: Sumy, Ukraine
Led 16 employees at a real estate assessment company.
Generated 30% of new accounts each quarter/year.
Guided new business development by developing new partnerships and strengthening existing accounts.
Trained and mentored new employees.

NADIYA LLC: Sumy, Ukraine
Oversaw the opening and launch of the Sumy branch of an all-Ukrainian legal (attorney) company.
Leveraged effective advertising and efficient management strategies to transform the branch into the most profitable one out of 15 branches across Ukraine.
Recruited 15 staff to join the organization and managed all employee training.

VNA LLC: Kharkiv, Ukraine
Managed finances for a multi-million-dollar turnover company during an interim contract role.
Increased enterprise profitability by 200% and reduced accounts receivable by 30%.
Facilitated strategic planning and costs while adhering to the company mission.

Oleksandr Parkhomenko, CV – Page 2 +1-646-***-**-** ad798n@r.postjobfree.com
Reorganized the enterprise structure and workflow between purchasing, sales, logistics and other structural business units.

Santexopt LLC: Sumy, Ukraine
Demonstrated sales leadership at a sanitaryware wholesales company with distribution across Ukraine.
Grew company sales by +200%.
Managed 16 staff while guiding sales, planning, budgeting and performance evaluation.
Spearheaded recruiting, coaching and motivational efforts for new and senior employees.

Telesystems of Ukraine (PeopleNET) Sumy, Ukraine
Performed project management for the “Telesystems of the Ukraine” (PeopleNET) with a revolutionary 3G cell phone and internet network, promoting CDMA2000 1x EV-DO services.
Managed the first customer installations in Sumy before the customer services center opened.
Promoted 3G internet services through dealers and sub-dealers, generating 500% of annual profit and receiving the Award from the general manager for my achievements.
Supported the development of the largest and fastest cell phone and internet service network in Ukraine.
Led recruiting, training and performance management for 350 staff.

NETZSCH Mohnopumpen GmbH: Sumy, Ukraine
Served as an official representative of a German pumping equipment company’s Ukraine operations, Increased sales by +150%.
Supported market research, environmental analyses, participation in tenders, sales strategy development and product launches around the country.
Contributed to planning, budgeting, account management and accounts receivable.
Partnered with major clients, including Tetra Pak Ukraine, Procter & Gamble Ukraine, Svitoch, Torchyn Product, Chumak, Sandora, Vitmark, Nestle and Sun InBev.

PROUN Corporation: Sumy, Ukraine
Guided business development and corporate reorganization while leading operations at a furniture gallery.
Coordinated the gallery opening by conducting strategic planning, product marketing and competitive environment analyses.
Oversaw planning, budgeting, account management, accounts receivable, employee motivation, HR, sales management and gallery maintenance.
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS

Ukrainian Academy of Banking, Sumy, Ukraine

Sumy State University, Sumy, Ukraine
Certifications & Additional Education:
Certified Coach, International Coaching Federation (ICF) & Ericsson University: 2011
LANGUAGES
Russian, Ukrainian, English & Italian
HONORS & AWARDS
CEO’s Award, Telesystems of the Ukraine (PeopleNET TM): 2008

President 08/2017 – 05/2024
General Manager 10/2012 – 11/2016
CEO & Branch Managing Director 10/2009 – 11/2011
CFO 04/2009 – 09/2009
Sales Manager 02/2009 – 04/2009
Project Manager 12/2007 – 08/2008
Country Manager 08/2004 – 12/2007
Furniture Gallery Director 09/2003 – 08/2004
Master’s Degree – International Economics & Foreign-Economic Activity Management
Bachelor’s Degree (Candidate) – Industrial Electronics
Contact this candidate