Hanumanth T
+91-990******* ad7bum@r.postjobfree.com

WORK EXPERIENCE
Head of NPD (EV) Sukhena Technologies (Aug 23 – Till Date)
●Working on 15m EV bus development for India and Overseas customer.
●Developed Low cost EV moped for Indian market (Under proto stage).
●Working on 6.8 m EV bus for Europe market.
●Battery casing development.
Achievements: Formed new OEM, Developed new Bus from the scratch and setup factory
Durability manager VINFAST (June 22 – July 23)
●Test and CAE correlation for body and Chassis components.
●Discussion with ESPs and RFQ generations
●Working on Engine mounts durability methods for IC, BEV as well as EV vehicles.
●Setting up the CAE DVP for Body and chassis systems.
●Defining SLA loads for the new vehicle development.
●Battery simulation with respect to all the performances.
Achievements: Developed Chassis Test and CAE correlation, Saved 100$ per vehicle.
CAE Expat GREAT WALL MOTORS (Dec 18 – May 22)
●My main responsibility is to work on EV and Hydrogen fuel cell car CAE performances (CRASH, NVH and Durability).
●Worked on Powertrain NVH as well durability for new hybrid vehicles.
●Liaison between Munich office and Baoding office.
●Working on Engine mounts durability methods for IC, BEV as well as EV vehicles.
●Bench tests development for Chassis, Closures, and Bumpers.
Achievements: Chassis In-house testing reduced lot of on field issues by saving cost.
CAE Manager Magna International (Jan15 -Nov 18)
●Chassis components design from concepts to production for different OEMs.
●Worked on different Chassis components development for many OEMs across the globe.
●Business development activities, Submitting Project estimations and negotiations with client.
●Responsible for approving CAE analysis results and signoff as well as CAPEX.
●Managing team of 25 people, Responsible for team performance review, Billing to client and Performance approval.
●Co-ordination with client for data exchange, queries resolutions, suggestions for improvement for optimization of design, etc.
Achievements: Chassis VAVE, Increased the revenue by 1 million $.
Assistant Manager Stadco Automotive Pvt Ltd (Aug09 -Dec 2014)
●Checking the vehicle performance against ECE Crash standards.
●Benchmarking Vehicle NVH Performance for different vehicles and OEMs.
●Closures durability for different vehicles (Car, Truck and buses).
●Involved in composite sports CAR development for Swedish OEM.
●Design and development 4 bus variants for Indian market from concept to production
●Worked on CIW development for major German OEM.
Achievements: Developed team from 1 to 20 members with in year, Increase the revenue.
Team Leader Caparo Engineering India Pvt Ltd (Aug08 – July09)
●Leading a CAE team of eight members.
●Worked on CAPARO T1 CAR (Equivalent to F1).
●Project review and Estimation, Team member’s performance appraisal.
●Onsite work for European tier1 supplier for BIW for Passenger CAR.
Achievements: Developed sports car known as CAPARO T1.
Project Lead Nuvent Technologies (Mar07 – Apr08)
●Project Estimation and quality review.
●Worked on full vehicle crash for US market and energy absorbers for bumpers.
●Interaction with the customer for resolving the design related issues.
Achievements: Increased the revenue, New client base development.
Senior Project Engineer Wipro-Quantech (Apr04 – Mar07)
●Execution of stiffness & durability analysis of Several BIW of Passenger Cars.
●FEA modelling of several Passenger car models for different OEMs.
●Stiffness and Durability of closure components and systems.
●FEA modelling of Engine components Hexahedral and Tetra Modelling.
SNAPSHOT
Project Management & Engineering technology leader around 19 years of experience in digital product development and engineering services in automotive.
Specialist in engineering product management, strategy planning, projects and services and delivery management.
Experience in full vehicle NVH, Crash and Durability.
Powertrain NVH, Durability and Crash requirements
CORE COMPETENCIES
CAE and Testing
People Management
Project Management
Welding quality
Creating RFI and RFQ
SOFTWARE TECHNICAL SKILLS
NASTRAN
HYPERWORKS
ABAQUS
N-code
LS-DYNA
Dyna-form
EDUCATION
VTU University, Belgaum
M.Tech-Machine Design
2002-2004(with FCD)
Kuvempu University, Shimoga
B.E-Mechanical (with FCD)
1998-2002
LANGUAGES
English
Kannada
Hindi
Telugu
Tamil
Contact this candidate