Art Krebs Hiawassee GA ***** 770-***-****
ad7c7y@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn
EXECUTIVE PROFILE
A seasoned and transformational Chief Executive Officer with a rich background in Operations and Business Development, coupled with strategic consulting expertise that has been pivotal in driving substantial revenue growth. Renowned for introducing innovative business solutions and consulting on best practices that have enabled businesses to apply a strategic vision that captures market share in competitive markets. Strengths in strategic planning, change management, and consulting, focused on cultivating efficient, results-driven workplace cultures that propel best-in-class performance and profitability. Excel in promoting actionable strategies in rapidly evolving business environments and consistently align business missions, fulfilling stakeholder objectives with a commitment to delivering tangible business results and positive organizational impacts. SKILLS
Business Development & Operations Strategic Planning & Execution Change Management Revenue Growth & Cost Optimization Team Leadership & Development AI & Technology Integration Client Relationship Management Process Improvement & Innovation Financial Analysis & Reporting Project Management & Execution P&L Management Budget Management PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Chief Executive Officer, Construction Art, Huntington Beach, CA 1991 - Present Pioneering sustainable construction practices and renewable energy consulting. Driving innovation and process improvement, fostering a culture of innovation and productivity in diverse projects.
● Manage both large-scale commercial constructions and small-scale residential solar projects, showcasing versatile project management skills.
● Developed an $8M solar farm development to create a community concept to bring resources, education, and energy to the area to mitigate power outages and implementing an education center onsite for school field trips and community learning innovation in the industry.
● Creating a preservation area to protect wildlife habitats, while finding solutions for integrating fastest EV charges and aligning national grid and state approvals.
● Implemented advanced technologies in high-end resorts and food and beverage operations, notably with Turnberry Isle and the town of Ventura in Florida, project valued at over $2B, responsible for managing a budget of $35M on the project.
● Implemented electronic POS at hotels for wait and serving staff to use electronics to increase sales, tips and led the change management across the organization.
● Pioneered the company's expansion into sustainable construction to increase additional revenue streams. Senior Vice President of Operations, Luckett & Farley Development 2016 - 2020 Managed project profitability, viability, and increase operations workflows that streamlined timing for approvals and supported over 120 architects and engineers companywide. Led key initiatives in sustainable hospitality resort development, achieving significant milestones in project conception, financial management, and construction.
● Transitioned into providing strategic consulting services, focusing on upscale, sustainable hospitality resorts, resulting in a 20% increase in project acquisition (2020 - 2021).
● Identified and evaluated potential sites for luxury eco-resorts, contributing to a 4X global expansion in the company's sustainable resort portfolio.
● Conducted in-depth financial analyses and managed contract negotiations, leading to a 25% reduction in operational costs across projects.
● Oversaw financial proformas and funding processes, securing an average of $50M in project financing.
● Coordinated legal and construction planning, ensuring a 30% faster project completion rate compared to industry standards.
● Managed cross-functional teams to deliver permit-ready construction drawings, achieving a 98% success rate in permit approvals on the first submission and cutting.
● Directed a high-stakes sustainability project for a LEED-certified firm, increasing the firm’s project efficiency by 40% and reducing their budget overruns by 60%.
● Oversaw the development and construction roadmap that led to the organization being able to transform a previously uninhabited location into a highly profitable resort, yielding a 35% increase in revenue. Solutions Principal Consultant, Verint Systems, Alpharetta, GA 2012 – 2015 Specialized in delivering innovative business solutions in Workforce and Customer Engagement Optimization for Global Fortune 100 clients, focusing on optimizing operations and enhancing strategic outcomes.
● Developed and implemented impactful business solution plans, leading to an average 30% improvement in operational efficiency for Fortune 100 clients.
● Utilized Six Sigma methodologies to identify and address areas of strength and weakness in client operations, resulting in an average 25% increase in process efficiency.
● Integrated Verint Workforce Optimization solutions, enhancing workforce management and customer engagement, contributing to a 20% increase in client satisfaction scores.
● Traveled extensively across South America and Europe, establishing, and maintaining relationships with CEOs and high-level executives, resulting in a 35% increase in client retention.
● Played a pivotal role in introducing and selling workforce optimization products, leading to an increase in product adoption among new and existing clients.
● Spearheaded a major operational improvement project for national utility giants, yielding a significant ROI, with millions in savings.
● Implemented innovative strategies for the banking industry, integrating video and voice recording technologies to enhance retail security and analytics, reducing losses and customer escalations by 18%.
● Integrated an API into tracking systems for large retailer, establishing the ability to share tracking information and cut down overall costs.
● Developed comprehensive process and change management roadmaps, ensuring full adoption and integration of solutions among clients.
● Leveraged data analytics to identify and improve areas of talent development, turning around underperforming teams and enhancing overall workforce productivity. Project Manager & Estimator, Diversified Commercial Builders 2005 – 2007 Combined strategic business planning with operations to drive 25% growth in new business and a 20% increase in retention. Managed estimating for pricing, budgets, forecasting, and scheduling, reducing variances by 40%.
● Implemented automated estimation processes to ensure adherence to critical deadlines, as each day's delay could incur $15K to $20K in costs, ensuring efficiency in project turnovers and timelines.
● Fostered supplier relationships for cost-effective purchasing, reducing material costs by 15%.
● Supervised field superintendents and coordinated subcontractors, increasing on-site efficiency by 1230%.
● Achieved an 80% increase in sales and 50% rise in profits within six months.
● Innovated estimating and accounting systems implementation, reducing reporting time by 50%.
● Orchestrated construction operations for retail stores, each with an average budget of $2.5M, by developing and standardizing assembly systems and SOPs, implemented automation in the estimation process, enhancing build speed and efficiency, resulting in a significant reduction of overall project expenses. Corporate Project Manager/Regional Director of Finance, Charter Communications, St. Louis, MO 1995 – 2004 Rapidly promoted to Assistant Controller within 3 years. Led the transformation from manual to computerized systems in operations, increasing revenue and efficiency.
● Led the construction of 16 state-of-the-art contact centers, contributing to a 25% increase in call volume and 5% revenue growth.
● Managed the migration of 350 offices into 16 contact centers, resulting in significant expense reduction and workforce efficiency.
EARLY CAREER HISTORY
Asset Manager, JDC America
Project Manager, Mastercraft, Homestead, FL
IT Manager, Beverly Hills Hotel
Assistant Controller and Systems Analyst
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s degree in finance, Southwest Texas State University, TX Six Sigma Certified
John Maxwell Certified Speaker, Trainer and Coach
AI, Real Estate, and Sustainable Practices Certifications from MIT and Cornell University Languages
Fluent in English and Spanish
Basic proficiency in French, Italian, Portuguese, and Japanese
● NAHB Certified Green Professional
● Licensed General Contractor (CA, FL, VA, TN, NC, SC)
● Certified Solar Contractor (FL)
● Registered Real Estate Appraiser (GA)
● Advanced Consulting Certification, Morningstar
● Victoria International Management Certification
● Timberline Project Manager & Estimator Certifications
● University of California Irvine, Pre-Law Certification
● Real Estate and Hospitality Development Certifications (Cornell University)
● MIT Sloan Artificial Intelligence Certification
Contact this candidate