Keith Donahue ad7co3@r.postjobfree.com

Experience
Macys Senior Manager of Development Nov 2016 - Jan 2024
Responsible for several pillars of deliverables ranging from immersive sitelets, unique shopping experiences, home page animation components, online media banners, and vendor purchased pages. I planned capacity, oversaw development, and maintained a high quality level of production, Received Webby recognition for Parade website work.
Helped integrate some newer technologies like web3, wallets and nfts into some moonshot marketing sitelets.

Khorosho LLC President, Senior Developer Jul 2011 – Nov 2016
Founder of Khorosho LLC, a web media company with principal client Macys.com. Focus was advanced shopping experiences and Black Friday. Built immersive sitelets for Believe, Fireworks and new marketing initiatives.

Tribal DDB Senior Interactive Developer Jun 2007 – Jul 2011
Designed, built and managed production of online content for Reebok, The Webby Awards, H&R Block, Neutrogena, Clean & Clear, Diageo, Ketel One, Guinness, Rembrandt, Exxon, Merck, Philips, Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, Zovirax, Aveeno, JetBlue and the Syfy Channel. Built AR display for The Webbys red carpet.

RGA Senior Designer Dec 2005 – Jun 2007
Designed, built and managed production of online content, for brand development of Avaya, Verizon and Nike.

OgilvyOne Bangkok Art Director, Developer, Designer Apr 2004 – Aug 2005
Designed, built and managed production of online content, for brand development of DHL, AIS, Plantoys, BMW and Kasikorn Bank.

Universal Networks Art Director, Developer, Designer Jan 2002 – Aug 2003
Designed and built online branding for TV channels Crime and Trio part of the USA Networks family.

Nettmedia Art Director, Developer, Designer Nov 1999 – Oct 2001
Designed and built online experiences for BMG, NY Yankees, David Bowie, Hanson, Rolling Stones, Universal Records, J Records and Rocafella Records.

Skills
• Allocated resources to maximize productivity • Planned capacity and budgeted multiple resources
• Created productive, knowledge-sharing, team culture • Built simple, practical, sustainable solutions

Technical Skills
• React, nextjs, php, node, Git, scss, nvm, gsutil • Gitlab, Jenkins, CI/CD, GCP, Spinnaker
• Greensock, pixi.js, three.js • OOP, MVC, design patterns

Education
Savannah College of Art and Design MFA Computer Art 1991 - 1995
University of Vermont BA Physics 1996 - 1999
Contact this candidate