RAVEN WISDOM HUNTER CULLEN
202-***-****, ad7eqp@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE: To obtain a position in an innovative organization that fosters the entrepreneurial spirit while allowing me the opportunity to serve a multitude of diverse clients. EXPERIENCE
Entrepreneur - Visionaries Worldwide - Founder, Managing Director & Chief Strategist Client Acquisition Business Development Crisis Management Project Management Operations Management Contract Management Negotiation Licensing management Event Management
Proposal Writing Business Restructuring Promotions Creating and executing Strategic Business and Strategic Marketing plans Identifying new markets/revenue streams
Brand Development and Brand Management
CLIENT ENGAGEMENTS
UNITED STATES MINT – Served as Acting Chief of Business Development//Marketing Manager. Helped guide business through period of explosive growth averaging around 5000%/month, going from $200k per year in sales to doing over $6,000,000 in one day over the course of just nine months. I also created a crisis management plan to fend off an internal restructuring which amounted to a hostile takeover, assisted in building an internal infrastructure, served on e-business steering committee, worked with a team to create Web development plan and marketing plan for h.p.c which raised sustained traffic by 4.02%. I successfully negotiated with the CIO and CMO to increase client’s promotional budget by 750%, from $40,000 to over $300,000 for the year. WORLD WILDLIFE FUND – Served as Acting Licensing Manager, worked to manage 18 strategic partnerships. Duties included relationship management, licensing and syndication rights and product approval. METROTEEN AIDS – Member, Board of Directors – Worked with ED to create a five year Strategic Marketing Plan to rebrand the organization. Worked with board members to develop and implement community outreach initiatives and public relations strategies.
CENTER FOR ARTISTRY IN TEACHING – Conceptualized and executed annual fundraiser which saw 88% jump in revenue and 63% increase in net income. Created integrated business strategy that incorporated everything from daily correspondence to window advertising. Brand Development, Event Production, Event Management, Promotion.
NORTH STAR FOUNDATION – Wrote funding proposal letters. Created and executed marketing and media and promotions plan,
GEORGETOWN PUBLISHING – Create copy for marketing materials (marketing tear sheets).
Contact this candidate