Fausto A. Ramírez a ad7f9e@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/faustoramirez 858-***-****
Summary
Seasoned tech sales, product & project manager professional with 20+ years of experience leading complex software development and infrastructure deployments in the Wireless and SaaS industries, with a track record of successfully delivering solutions to customers and technology partners globally. Possess solid technical background paired with excellent relationship building skills which enable me to build trust with customers, partners and peers, allowing me to foster healthy collaboration environments. Familiar with leading cross-functional teams to effectively reach organizational goals while working across disciplines, time zones, cultures, and languages. Familiar working in both corporate and start-up environments. Native Spanish & English. Proficiency
Technical Sales Partner Rel (ISP OEM DEV) Data Analytics Agile Scrum, Waterfall Enterprise & Consumer Digital Content Platforms User Journey Funnels Jira, Confluence, Ms Project Product & Project Mgt Cyber Security Privacy Excel, Power BI, Python Process design Automation Software PM (SDLC) Cloud, Desktop & Mobile Apps Tableau Dashboards LLM Prompt Eng Experience
Humanifree.org :: Staff Product Mgr - Member of the Board 2023 – current San Diego, CA (remote) Developed vision and roadmap for Humanifree,org, a non-profit, to develop technology based solutions for People-in-Need.
§ As Product Owner, developed a LLM powered backend to search for Free Services close to where the People-in-Need are.
§ Developed PoC (iOS/Android) mobile applications showcasing 100% of the key use cases to support fundraising activities.
§ Established and maintained relationships with partners to create a Volunteering Opportunities market. MongoDB, Inc :: Professional Services Project Mgr. 2022 – current New York, NY (remote) Managed accounts and led successful delivery of professional services for MongoDB customers across the Americas.
§ Surpassed $4Myearly quota by upselling and cross-selling consulting projects and increasing customer engagement by 35%.
§ Directed teams to deliver cloud upgrades, migrations, and custom software projects, achieving a 97% client satisfaction rate.
§ Developed Google Suite reporting templates dynamic data updates & automation improving productivity by 30%. J2 Innovations / Siemens :: Professional Services Sr. Project Mgr. 2019 – 2021 Los Angeles, CA (hybrid) As part of Siemens Smart Building organization, delivered on a pipeline of IoT smart building software development projects using FIN framework, exceeding revenue goals by 200% for HVAC OEM clients.
§ Managed customer relationships and project engagements for 1M+ dollar projects, implementing innovative new use cases.
§ Responsible for the design and implementation of ISO-9001 quality management system (QMS) for our business unit.
§ Implemented HubSpot CRM to support Sales Organization manage their pipeline.
§ Delivered portfolio system to prioritize opportunities with higher Strategic Value reconciled against available resources. Intel Security/McAfee, Inc :: Sr. Product Manager 2015 – 2018 Santa Clara, CA (hybrid) On Consumer Alternative Monetization team, I directed the following Cyber Security products leveraging Dev Centers abroad.
§ WebAdvisor: as Product Owner for the KPIs and Analytics scrum team, coordinated activities to determine strategies for channel distribution for Web Security product with 60M+ MAUs and 300+days LFTV. o Created backlog of A B testing experiments and identified strategies to optimize customer acquisition and channel distribution using lean innovation techniques to build new features and optimize KPIs o Led Analytics Dev team to ‘slice and dice’ data to develop key metrics to draw insights from gigantic data sets, with the goal to better understand opportunities for strategic investments across multiple user segments
§ True Key: Developed product strategy, vision and roadmap for a 6M+ MAU password manager solution. Conducted market and competitive landscape analysis and developed themes and epics to solve needs for target personas. o Replaced Biometrics stack to improve features in response to our biometric provider decided to end-of-life our library o Nurtured relationships with partners to collaborate on mechanisms to improve on channel distribution o Delivered rebranding, GDPR compliance and End-of-Life for standalone product business model
§ Mobile Innovation: Lead development activities for mobile app PoCs using the McAfee Innovation brand to measure engagement models for ad-based Alternative Monetization. Fausto A. Ramírez a ad7f9e@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/faustoramirez 858-***-**** AT&T / Muve Music :: Sr. Product Manager 2012 – 2015 Los Angeles, CA. Product Owner managing geographically dispersed scrum teams in the development of Muve Music digital content music service for international wireless operator customers in the Americas delivering white-labeled apps for Android, iOS & Web.
§ Worked to secure deal with large telco in Brazil, adapting our business model to align with their offerings, and addressing issues around poor-network connectivity, device porting, testing and product localization.
§ Implemented digital marketing campaigns to improve adoption and promote engagement
§ Leveraged design principles and data analytics to build applications with delightful user experiences LocAid Technologies :: Sr. Product Manager 2010 – 2012 San Francisco, CA Managed product roadmap for Network Location platform developing use cases for different consumer and enterprise verticals.
§ Assisted developers and wireless operators to implement location-aware capabilities to e-Commerce, Digital Marketing, Financial, Retail, Gaming, Healthcare, Travel and other verticals
§ Designed and managed developer on-boarding and carrier approval process for LBS use cases
§ Implemented sales funnel from the presenting Marketing and Sales materials in our website, to collecting customer leads in Salesforce, to executing licensing agreements digitally. TelecommSys, Inc :: Sr. Sales Engineer 2008 – 2010 Aliso Viejo, CA Focused on strategic account (Verizon Wireless) engaged customer teams to expand our subscriber base of white-labeled GPS navigation solution. Liaised with device team to secure app preloads in their device pipeline and networked with VZW Product Managers and their premium partners to deploy innovative LBS navigation API integration use cases.
§ Developed pipeline of potential API integrations with VZW partners, negotiating and executing licensing agreements with strategic partners for API integrations.
§ Defined business strategy and planned project to transition to a “Freemium Deep-Billing” business model. SME in the migration Qualcomm to VZW billing engines for BREW devices
§ Managed 3-way collaboration (VZW, QC and OEMs) to develop a dual-GPS strategy for VZW android device pipeline Juice Wireless, Inc :: Dir. Carrier Relations 2007 – 2008 Los Angeles, CA Startup focused on Mobile Social Networking, negotiated preload deals with OEMs and mobile operators in the Americas. Qualcomm, Inc :: Sr. Project Manager (Carrier Relations) 2003-2007 San Diego, CA As member of the Sales organization, engaged existing & potential customers to sell a portfolio of services in the mobile apps & content delivery spaces for wireless carriers and media companies. Coordinated cross-functional teams in the delivery of portfolio
& roadmap presentations and training & project planning workshops client organizations in the roll-out of acquired service offerings. Supported marketing activities, train the trainer sessions, tech support escalations & other.
§ BREW: Deployed mobile apps ecosystem for Telefonica (11 properties) and other accounts in the Americas. Maintained communications with our clients about our portfolio and their needs identifying opportunities to augment system capabilities with our offerings.
§ BrandXtend uiOne: Supported business development and sales activities engaging customers using competing technology to present them our differentiating products. Built a library of Proof-of-Concepts developed by our development teams in UK to illustrate business cases to open new TDMA market.
§ QChat: Managed OEM relations to support the delivery of Push to Talk devices for Sprint-Nextel. Set up and managed test labs in US, Japan & Korea
Corsair Comms, Inc :: Customer Program Manager 1996 – 2002 Palo Alto, CA Managed deployment projects of fraud prevention and prepaid platform infrastructure for wireless operators in LATAM.
§ Lead team to deploy/sustain fraud prevention platform (600+ cell sites) for ISPs in Mexico
§ Managed delivery of Prepaid platform for Telcel in Mexico via Ericsson channel
§ Delivered regulator mandated 8-to-10 digit conversion for Telcel’s prepaid platform for 30M+ subscribers Education
BS Chemical & Systems Engineering – ITESM, Campus Monterrey, Mexico Stanford Certificate in Advanced Project Management – San Diego, CA Management and Leadership Skills programs – Qualcomm – San Diego, CA
Contact this candidate