Kawaljit Singh
Territory Manager
ad7fov@r.postjobfree.com +1-484-***-****
Address- 66 Grand View Drive Easton PA 18045
Management Professional
Dynamic and professional manager with 12 years of working experience in the automobile industry. Highly accomplished leader with impressive experience in the both offline and online automobile industry. working with dealership as well as new startup like cars24, cardekho and olx autos. Buying, Sales, Marketing and business development are core area of focus having a specialization in building the business from the scratch by continuously analyzing and adapting sustainable growth models.
Core Qualification
●Especially adept at highlighting the best features of buying pre owned vehicles
● Experienced with all aspects of vehicle sales
● Proficient in the use of MS Office applications
● Substantial knowledge of vehicle financing procedures
● Strong ability to motivate a sales staff
● Excellent people skills
● Innovative, Creative and Professional specialized in marketing making.
● Result Oriented
● Expertise in buying and selling any brand of pre owned cars. 01-05-1993 Married
EMPLOYMENT SKETCH
True value Manager
Swani Motors PVT LTD ( MARUTI SUZUKI )
11/2012 TO 01/2019
● Managed and tracked all used car buying and selling.
● Maintained updated listing of all available used vehicles in true value store.
● Prepared quarterly sales reports and budget forecasts.
● Adhered to all state regulations regarding used vehicle sales.
● Hired and trained sales staff.
● Sell the cars on higher margin for maximum profit in P&L.
● Buying used cars on best price to avoid stuck inventory.
● Exchange cars in True value and NEXA store.
Zonal Head
CARS24 Services PVT LTD ( ONLINE USED CAR MARKETPLACE ) 28/01/2019 – 15/09/2020
● Leading punjab Retail stores of ludhiana, jalandhar and amritsar.
● Achieving the highest numbers of buying used cars from all three stores.
● Maintaining every store growth each month to buying maximum used cars from customers.
● Achieves financial objectives by preparing an annual budget, scheduling expenditures, analyzing variances, initiating corrective action.
● Maintains the stability and reputation of the store by complying with legal requirements.
● Determines marketing strategy changes by reviewing operating and financial statements and departmental sales records.
● Maintains operations by initiating, coordinating, and enforcing program, operational, and personnel policies and procedures.
● Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Marketing Manager
Cardekho.com (ONLINE USED CAR MARKETPLACE )
18/09/2020 – 10/09/2021
● Maintained and build relationship with new and old onboarded dealers.
● Transact maximum dealers on bidding platform via selling them used cars.
● Explore new market and onboarded new dealers with the help of KAMs.
● Liquidate stuck inventory on profit to avoid loss.
● Build new strategy to give highest numbers of dealers on bidding panel to get better price on cars.
● Prepared sales and budget forecasts.
Territory manager
Olx autos ( Sobek India pvt ltd )
11/09/2021 to 02/2024
● Manage the entire inspection/purchase network of cars from customers
● Maintaining profitability by ensuring cars are purchased at the best possible price
● Avoiding inventory/stuck stock by ensuring the right car is picked at the right price
● Manage the entire dealer network and liquidation of procured cars to the dealers
● Acquiring and on-boarding used car dealers who would participate in auctions with the objective of procuring used cars
● Leading entire team of punjab and Chandigarh to ensure retail and sales expansion and constant participation from dealers
EDUCATION
Bachelor degree of commerce IGNOU 2017
Contact this candidate