Senior IT Strategist and Operations Leader

More than 30 years of experience directing effective delivery of applications, development, and disaster recovery systems and processes in the healthcare industry. Focused on operational performance improvement and skilled in planning and implementation of effective business solutions through cross-department collaboration. Able to effectively influence and communicate with all organizational levels. Recent experience managing distributed application development and support teams. Advocate for business process improvements and cost reductions. Hands-on subject matter expert and trouble-shooter with intimate knowledge of hospital and healthcare operations.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

It Application Project Manager, Park Industries, MN December 2022 – July 2023
Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of projects.
Ensure that all projects are delivered on-time, and within scope.
Ensure resource availability and allocation.
Develop a detailed project plan to track progress.
Use appropriate verification techniques to manage changes in project scope, schedule.
Measure project performance using various tools and techniques.
Report and escalate to management as needed.
Manage the relationship with all stakeholders.
Perform risk management to minimize project risks.
Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation.

IT Application Project Manager, Health Partners, MN September 2021 – October 2022
Develop, execute, and manage IT projects within the defined scope. I manage and coordinate interrelated IT project activities within the constraints of human and financial resources and priorities to ensure a successful completion. Responsible for mentoring the development team on software development methodologies, business analysis, IT best practices and process improvements.

IT Application Project Manager, Medline, Mundelein, IL April 2017 – January 2021
Managed 30-person distributed application development and support team for one of the nation’s largest privately held manufacturer and distributor of medical supplies. Responsible for development and implementation of project plans for the Managed Care business group. Key initiatives included Real Time Eligibility, Revenue Cycle and Documentation Management systems, production support, disaster recovery, and HITRUST. Managed offshore as well and on shore development teams using Agile methodology.

HITRUST – Analyzed clinical order entry and billing systems to determine compliance. Engaged security and corporate compliance teams to establish HIPAA and HITRUST standards. Developed plans for applications improvements which were adopted by senior management.
Directed onshore and offshore teams in the development and enhancement of the order entry and billing applications resulting in dramatic schedule improvement.
Migrated order entry applications to new server infrastructure. Established disaster recovery plans, back and recovery procedures.

IT Consultant, Chicago, IL May 2015 – April 2017
Provided IT consulting services, including project management and subject matter expertise on hospital information technology practices and policies and EMR usage and billing technology. Clients included law firms and healthcare industry service providers. Managed software development projects for national retailer.

Project Manager HIE Implementations, Metropolitan Chicago Healthcare Council (MCHC),
Chicago, IL June 2014 – Jan 2015
Consulted with large multi-hospital healthcare clients (primarily Advocate and Prescience Health) regarding implementation and ongoing support of hospital HIE/EMR integration, data standards and usage. Subject Matter Expert on Hospital registration, billing, HL7 interfacing, hospital workflows and data requirements, business requirements gathering, and risk identification. Led HIE planning and technology committee advising member hospitals on future HIE enhancements and operational considerations.

Information Systems Director, Hospital Billings/Senior Application Consultant, Northshore University Health System, Skokie, IL October 2004 – August 2013
Director and program manager for implementations and application enhancements. Successfully led multiple teams in the conversion of legacy patient accounting applications to Epic Systems.

Managed budget and staffing requirements to ensure compliance with Epic’s “Good Install” program, resulting in cost savings exceeding $1 million.
Evaluated new Medical Records coding and abstracting applications. Led 3m ARMS system implementation team, developed new user workflows and processes.
Managed clinical and financial data warehouse projects identifying key registration and patient accounting data elements used for patient wellness projects.

IT Director, McKesson Corporation, Evanston, IL August 1990 – October 2004
Employed by McKesson’s outsourcing division, assigned to key leadership roles as follows.
IT Director, Northshore University Health System, Evanston, IL (2001-2004) Responsible for application evaluation and implementation teams and software enhancements before joining Northshore as a full-time employee.
IT Director, St. Mary's of Nazareth Hospital, Chicago, IL (1995-2001). Established programming standards and was principal Y2K Project Manager for both the clinical order entry and patient accounting systems. Completed Y2K turnover without a single outage or incident.
IT Manager & Lead Developer, Evanston Hospital, Evanston, IL (1990-1995) Served as Application Director and Program Manager responsible for designing custom enhancements and interfaces for many of the hospital’s information systems. Responsible for staffing and recruiting. Evaluated and installed new software applications, including physician billing, and clinical scheduling applications.

EDUCATION
BS, Computing and Information Sciences, Roosevelt University, Chicago, IL

TECHNICAL APPLICATIONS / SOFTWARE EXPERIENCE
Epic Systems – Prelude/ADT, Resolute Physician Billing, Resolute Hospital Billing, Medical Records Abstracting
McKesson HealthQuest Patient Accounting Systems – Patient Management, Hospital Patient Accounting, Medical Records Abstracting, Reporting, ADT Interface Manager
Hogan Banking Applications
Microsoft Office
Apple OSX, Windows
IBM Mainframe Operating Systems
SharePoint
HL7 Interfacing
Data Warehousing
JIRA
Agile and Waterfall methodologies
Planview project management system
Azure DevOps
Contact this candidate