PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY
SKILLS
WORK HISTORY
MORGAN KAISER
EDINA, MN 55436 612-***-**** ad7fxc@r.postjobfree.com Management Highly functioning, multi-tasking Operations Manager. Diverse in many business aspects. Minimal supervision. Confident and dependable. Looking to change careers after a solid employment history.
Excel
Website Building
Constant Contact
Microsoft Word
Adobe
QuickBooks
Chairmans Club
Detail to work
Yardi
Buildium
OCTOBER 2021-AUGUST 2022
Rehabilitation Assistant Allina Minneapolis, MN Assisted patients in filling out check-in and payment paperwork. Compiled and reviewed medical charts.
Facilitated communication between patients and various departments and staff.
Organized patient records and database.
DECEMBER 2020-JUNE 2021
Real Estate Development Manager Crowe Companies St. Louis Park, MN
Compliant with reporting requirements to meet state, local and federal housing requirements.
Assisted with Interior design and construction.
Scheduled outside contractors.
Carefully screened applicants.
Collected and maintained careful records.
Coordinated appointments and showings.
Maximized rental income while minimizing expenses. 6 month project.
AUGUST 2004-AUGUST 2017
Operations Manager Thermo-Steel
Knowledge of manufacturing.
Handled all sales, customer service and office procedures. Extensive knowledge of Promotional Industry.
Helped in overseas purchasing and importing.
EDUCATION
Oversaw warehouse with 2 million+ dedicated product. Provided all aspects of marketing and promotions.
Supported our clients on ideal products to suit their business. Helped create new drinkware products from start to finish. Kept up with marketing and design trends.
DECEMBER 2017-APRIL 2018
Retail Sales Equation
Store merchandising.
Pricing and placement.
Open and close store.
Increased sales.
Purchasing.
JANUARY 2014-JANUARY 2015
Yoga Instructor Yogatiques
Weekly Vinyasa classes helping students connect with body, mind and breath.
Stayed current with fitness trends and adjusted to needs and wants of class participants.
1996
University of Minnesota - Twin Cities, Minneapolis, MN Alpha Phi Member
2014
Yoga Center of Minneapolis,
230 hours of classes, including anatomy, Sanskrit, sequencing, Ayurveda, history, meditation and alignment.
Contact this candidate