Jamil F. Dahbour
Miraat Al Omah Building Al-Shuwaikh Newspaper Road
Universal Media General Trading and Contracting Company-Holding
Phone:+965-*******
Mob.:( +965-********
E-mail: ad7f8l@r.postjobfree.com

Personal Information

Marital status: Married
Nationality: Canadian

Education
1993 - 1995 University Of Western Ontario London Ont.Canada
MASTER OF ENGINEERING SCIENCE In Electrical Engineering
Studies of a Piezoelectric Crystal for Possible Application to Induction Charge.
1977 - 1982 Bangalore University Bangalore,
BACHELORE OF ENGINEERING SIENCE In Electronics Engineering

2021 – Current SPECIALIST OILFIELDS SERVICES (SOS) Kuwait,Kuwait
GM

Professional Experiene
Managing day today operation in Speciality Oil Field Services, Electrical & Mechanical Projects, based on API Standards (American Petroleum Institute).
Delegating And directing the RFQs. to the appropriate commercial engineer, to present the RFQ in ISO & API standard format.
Creating Estimated Data Analysis: Material's Cost, Equipment Cost, Manpower Cost, Project Related third party Cost.
Receiving quotations for the required materials in the RFQ, by delegating purchasing department, to get quotations from international and local suppliers.
Revise and approve materials upon their materials data sheet, standards, compliances and authorized approvals.
Converting each job for technical manpower requirements and the required number of hours to complete the job, by field engineer.
Workshop Engineers to provide used machinery, number of hours/machine, and the required skilled labors.
Receiving and comparing all supported datas and make the final estimation based on our costing structure.
Approval of the final estimation, keep final estimation in appropriate format and email it to the authorized personal of the related RFQ.

2018 - 2021 GULF SHORES COMPANY FOR SANITARY WARES AND CONST. BUILDING MATERIALS W.L.L Kuwait,Kuwait
PROJECTS MANAGER
Develop, manage, estimate all electrical RFPs, and perform preliminary and final estimating of electrical installations
Manage project budgets
Work with project managers and job superintendents to obtain detailed project specifications
Develop and maintain relationships with contractors and subcontractors
Perform cost estimating and forecasting
Develop and manage a cost model
Prepare technical reports regarding bids and estimates
Conducting a technical, economic, operational, legal and schedule feasibility,
Record and track progress
Submit bids and estimates
Participate in bid review meetings
Produce detailed reports
Prepare bid packages
Manage subcontractors, vendors, and suppliers
2012 - 2018 UNIVERSAL MEDIA GENERAL TRADING AND CONTRACTING COMPANY, W.L.L Kuwait,Kuwait
AGM

Cooperate with the general manager, and assisting with project planning.
Delegating daily tasks.
Assist the General Manager with contract negotiations and dispute resolution.
Assist the General Manager with strategic planning, budgeting, forecasting, and organizational development.
Plan, design, and monitor electrical engineering projects, ensuring the compliance of quality standards, and specifications.
Providing technical advice to other departments on electrical engineering-related matters, including cost estimates, proposed modifications, and relevant requirements.
Provides the operating direction for the Technical Department.
Direct reports: Workshop Manager, Stores Manager, Maintenance Planning Manager.
Build strong partnerships with the Agencies we representer in Kuwait market.
Manages vendor and subcontractor relationships.
Plan, schedule, estimate, control and implement all repairs & maintenance of Electrical system.
2005 - 2012 UNIVERSAL MEDIA GENERAL TRADING AND CONTRACTING COMPANY, W.L.L Kuwait,Kuwait
BDM
Qualify new business opportunities by promoting and selling a full range of the agencies the company represent, and system integration services focusing on industrial projects.
Coordinating, participating and estimating technological projects and the called RFPs in Kuwait and cross region.
Attending conferences, events and system integration companies meetings, to full fill participated & future potential project's requirements, and provide turn key operation.
Conducting a technical feasibility study to correct technical resources, and equipment to be evaluated to ensure it has the proper compliances for the proposed plan.
Conducting economic feasibility to determine the cost and benefits analyses, to pin out economic benefits to the organization.
Conducting operational feasibility.
Conducting legal feasibility, to ensure that all parts of the proposed project comply with the legal rules and requirements in Kuwait or in the cross geographic area.
Conduct schedule feasibility to estimate how much time a team needs to complete the project.
2000 - 2005 INNTEGRATED OFFICES COMPANY Kuwait,Kuwait
AGM
Managing day today work of 6 departments.
Company’s Annual Sales forecast.
Company’s Annual Business Plan.
Company’s Annual Marketing Plan.
Company’s Annual Budgeting Plan.
Pricelist study and structuring
Follow-Up of Account department.
Representing the company, during International sales meeting.
Representing the company in the International Exhibitions and Fairs.
Reporting and communicating with the International Agencies, IOC represent here in Kuwait.
Project Costing and solutions.
Creating Business opportunities
Supporting department sales managers
Other Managerial works.
1995- 2005 INNTEGRATED OFFICES COMPANY Kuwait, Kuwait
Sales Manager
Marketing study, and sales of graphics art equipments, EPS Systems & Materials, PPS Systems and Materials and Agfa Gevaert Chemicals (BAYERS Company)
Marketing study, and sales of BASF Chemicals and materials.
Sales of DANAGRAF equipments
Sales of Gluenz and Jenesen equipments.
Sales of TungShung Machinery.
Sales of Apple Mac Computer
Application engineer for Agfa graphics apparatuses.
Training on Agfa workflow and solutions
Organizing a sales engineer team
Indenting pricing and reporting
Annual business and marketing plan.
Creating business opportunities in Kuwait and GCC countries
1993 – 1995 University of Western Ont. London, Ontario
Teaching Assistance & Assisting in Electrostatics Researches
Teaching assistance in second year Electric circuit and Third year Electronics Measurement courses, theory and practical
Assisting in PhD. researches for Electrostatics Separators
Assisting in PhD. researches in Electrostatics Precipitators for Air Pollution Control
Assisting in Electrostatics Researches for Canadian Electrostatics Research Center.
Researches in Western University on Studies of Piezoelectric Crystal for Possible Applications to induction Charging
Supervising laboratory reports, class assignments, tests and final exams for engineering students.
Assisting students in understanding the electrical engineering fundamentals through university fixed office hours.
Activity of IEEE, as a member.

1985 - 1990 BMC Kuwait,Kuwait
Technical Manager
Managing service engineers team.
Follow up the technical and bending calls
Back up for service engineers
Incharge of the service contracts
Ordering the required spare parts
Training of the technical staff
Managing and reporting
1982- 1985 BMC Kuwait,Kuwait
Electrical Engineer-Supervisor
Sole incharge for the servicing of LogE X-Ray Dodging systems, from Texas Instrumentation, located in Mubarak Hospital, Ameri Hospital, AL-Razi Hospital and AL-Jahra Hospital
Service Engineer for Agfa microfilm and micrographic equipment
Service Engineer for BOWE systems and EDIT BACK Word processor.
Service engineer for Microbox, silver and diazo HSD duplicators, and silver & thermal readers printers.

Publications
Theses on “Studies of a Piezoelectric Crystal for Possible Application to Induction Charging”
Electrostatic Precipitators.
Charge relaxation” for PXE 21 Piezoelectric Materials
Change In the Capacitance Of Anisotropic Materials When
Subjected to Both Electrical and Mechanical Stress ”

Languages
English, Arabic
Hobbies
Soccer, Writing, Reading and Navigating through Internet.
Contact this candidate