ASHLEY REED
GENERAL MANAGER
***** **** *** * #*
LYNNWOOD, WA 98087
425-***-****
ad7gxh@r.postjobfree.com
SKILLS
●Maintaining Required Compliance
●Flexible Schedule
●Decision Making
●Delegating Work
●Verbal and Written Communication
●Documentation and Reporting
●Budget Management
●Training and Development
●Employee Development
●Team Leadership
●Technical Proficiency
●Goal Setting
●Managing Operations and Efficiency
●Performance Tracking and Evaluation
●Problem Resolution
●Team Building
●Project Planning
●Complex Problem Solving
●Teamwork and Collaboration
●Microsoft Office
●Punctual and Reliable
●Supply Ordering
●Relationship Building
●Schedule Oversight
●Accurate Money Handling
●Scheduling
●Team Development
●Opening and Closing Procedures
●Schedule Management
●Training and mentoring
●Business Development
●Budgeting
●Strategic planning
●Staff Management
●Financial Management
●Business planning
●Creative merchandising
●Sales and marketing
●Negotiation
●Business administration
●Problem-Solving
●Quality Management
●Verbal and written communication
●Team training and development
●Labor Cost Controls
●Recruitment
●Consistently meet goals
●Cost Reductions
●Motivation
●Organizational Development
●Effective leader
●Operations Management
●Administrative Skills
●Time Management
●Operations Oversight
●Customer Relations
●Staff Supervision
●Customer Relationship Management
●Inventory Control
●Skilled negotiator
●Analytical Skills
●Human Resources Management
●Interpersonal Skills
●Staff Development
●Workflow Planning
●Efficient multi-tasker
●Budget coordination
●Cost analysis and savings
●Customer Retention
●Networking abilities
●Staff Training
●Deadline-oriented
●Exceptional interpersonal communication
●Performance Improvement
●Leadership and team building
●Facility Management
●Strategic Planning
●Account Management
●Marketing
●Project Management
●Staff training/development
●Employee Scheduling
●Vendor Negotiations
●Sales Team Development
●Staffing
●P&L Management
●Purchasing and planning
●Supply Chain Management
●Budget Development
●Project scope
●Staff Training and Development
●Branding
●Financial Administration
●Staff Motivation
●Performance Analysis
●Client Account Management
●Risk Management
●Data review
●Performance Improvements
●Budget Analysis
●Budget Allocation
●Economic Analysis
●Market Analysis
●Team Player
●Expense Control
●Community Outreach
●Sales expertise
●New Business Development
●Training and coaching
●Troubleshooting expertise
●Sales Analysis
●Client Relations
●Vendor relationships
●Process Automation
●Loss Prevention
●Performance Evaluations
●Budget Administration
●Process Improvements
●Business Administration
●Succession Planning

EXPERIENCE

Chevron, Lynnwood, Wa - Assistant Manager
OCTOBER 2018 - DECEMBER 2023
●Implemented policies and standard operating procedures and managed quality, customer service and logistics.
●Managed scheduling, training and inventory control.
●Directed day-to-day operations by spearheading implementation of short-term and long-term strategies to achieve business plan and profitability goals.
●Enforced federal, state, local and company rules for safety and operations.
●Planned delivery routing, team workflows and promotional initiatives.
●Built strong operational teams to meet process and production demands.
●Collected customer fees, managed refunds and provided complete sales documentation.
●Mentored new employees on company policies, procedures, and best practices to ensure their success within the organization.
●Managed cash registers efficiently, ensuring accurate transactions, balancing drawers daily, and minimizing discrepancies.
●Enhanced store appearance for increased sales by maintaining cleanliness and implementing strategic merchandise displays.
●Managed opening and closing procedures and recommended changes to enhance efficiency of daily activities.
●Developed a loyal customer base through personalized interactions, increasing repeat business in-store visits.
●Supervised and evaluated staff to help improve skills, achieve daily objectives, and attain advancement.
●Processed payments for credit and debit cards and returned proper change for cash transactions.

McDonalds, Gomez Northwest, Mukilteo, Wa - General Manager
FEBUARY 2005 - OCTOBER 2018
●Upheld company standards and compliance requirements for operations.
●Positioned skilled staff in key areas throughout shift to optimize department productivity.
●Helped employees accomplish tasks during peak periods.
●Enhanced operations and boosted productivity through employee training, coaching and assignments.
●Managed schedules, accepted time off requests and maintained coverage for shifts.
●Coordinated shift workers for inventory receiving, auditing and restocking.
●Managed daily cash intake by counting out registers and tabulating profits.
●Reviewed financial statements to meet targets during shift.
●Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various company programs.
●Recruited and trained new employees to meet job requirements.
●Completed thorough opening, closing and shift change functions to maintain operational standards each day.
●Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and effectively diffused tense situations.
●Interviewed prospective employees and provided input to HR on hiring decisions.
●Planned and delivered training sessions to improve employee effectiveness and address areas of weakness.
●Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals.
●Communicated with other shift managers to facilitate continuum of customer service.
●Reported employee behavioral issues, losses and customer complaints to upper-level management.
●Directed and led employees and team members on effective operations, methods and procedures.
●Coached employees on interactions with customers to drive exceptional service.
●Taught staff upselling techniques to meet revenue targets.
●Managed a diverse team of professionals, fostering a positive work environment and high employee satisfaction.
●Developed and implemented strategies to increase sales and profitability.

EDUCATION
Hamburger University, Chicago, Il - General Studies
Sep 1999 - Jun 2

Mariner High school, Everett, Wa - General Studies
Sep 1999 - Jun 2002
Contact this candidate