MICHELLE HARRIS
Celina, Ohio 419-***-**** ad7gjj@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/michelle-h-365a333a

SUMMARY

A successful and results-driven account manager, with in-depth experience in client and vendor relations, pipeline management, forecasting, business development, marketing, sales, campaign management, strategic planning, and implementations. Cultivates strong client relationships, provides exceptional customer satisfaction, and exceeds company targets. Identifies growth opportunities, resolves complex challenges, and drives strategic solutions for both market and business needs. A resourceful top performer, who enables a company to adapt to challenges and achieve and exceed its goals and objectives.

Account Management Marketing Strategies Revenue Generation Sales Operations
Sales Presentations Key Stakeholder Relationship-Building Contract Negotiation

EXPERIENCE

TRUE VALUE COMPANY, Celina, Ohio
Territory Account Manager, 2021-2024

Oversaw daily operations of 30-plus accounts within assigned territories by optimizing operational efficiency and client satisfaction.
Established trust in customer relations, leading to a 10% increase in customer retention.
Maintained an understanding of industry trends, products, services, and competitor pricing. Negotiated terms of contracts with clients while maximizing profitability, leading to $1M in sales growth.
Surpassed quarterly sales goals by 10% in 2021 and 2022.
Performed in the top 5% of account managers for 2021 and 2022.

PORTLAND FORGE, Portland, Indiana
Account Manager, 2020-2021

Developed and maintained relationships with key accounts to ensure customer satisfaction.
Negotiated contracts with the top ten accounts to ensure 10% growth on products.
Conducted market research to identify potential customers, growing website traffic 10%-plus.
Developed strategies to increase revenue from existing accounts.
Drafted proposals that outlined services, costs, and benefits for prospective customers.
Maintained accurate records and sales documents, and finalized deals of all customer interactions.

ERS WIRELESS, Fort Wayne, Indiana
Regional Account Manager - Public Safety/Hospitals (Motorola Solutions Platinum Channel Partner), 2019-2021

Supported high-level customer satisfaction and loyalty, serving as SME and primary point-of-contact in Motorola Solutions, mission-critical operations, concealed weapons detection, body camera, and broadband solutions.
Analyzed critical customer data to identify industry solutions, working with government programs to utilize grant funding.
Coordinated successful account management efforts with frontline team members.
Achieved above the sales goal in 2020 by 15% and 5% in the first quarter of 2021.

SYNEOS HEALTH (INVENTIV)-GSK/JANSSEN, Lima, Ohio
Pharmaceutical Sales Representative, 2014-2019

Developed and maintained relationships with key stakeholders, including medical professionals, healthcare providers, and pharmaceutical distributors.
Delivered compelling sales presentations, leading to top sales from 2015 to 2018, utilizing Salesforce.
Received the President’s Club award in 2015.
Achieved top 10% in the region in 2016, 2017, and 2018.
Aided with professional development programs aimed at improving skill sets required for success in the role.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE

KERNS FORD LINCOLN MERCURY & TRUCK CENTER, Celina, Ohio, Automotive Finance Manager/Internet Sales Manager, 2011-2014. Developed strategies to increase auto finance sales volume while maintaining profit margins. Created and implemented policies and procedures related to automotive financing activities. Provided guidance and advice on the best-available financing options for customers.

REYNOLDS & REYNOLDS, Celina, Ohio, Inside Sales Representative, 2001-2011. Collaborated with other departments to ensure successful implementation of sales initiatives. Cultivated and strengthened customer relationships to drive revenue growth. Partnered in conjunction with outside sales representative to maintain and grow product sales.

EDUCATION

UNIVERSITY OF NORTHWESTERN OHIO, Lima, Ohio
B.S., Business Administration

CERTIFICATIONS

Medical Sales Representative - National Association of Medical Sales Representatives (NAMSR)
Selling Skills and Sales Operations - Sales Training Certification
Richardson Sales Performance - Richardson Sales Training

TECHNICAL SKILLS

CRM Software - Salesforce, Microsoft Dynamics 365
Contact this candidate