Business Development Management, Sales, Service & Presentations to
decision makers. Distributor Channel Sales, Customer Service, B to B, B to C, Sales Management, Solution Selling, Estimating, Forecasting, Budget Planning, Master Cold Caller, Territory Management, Sales Team Management, Bid Preparation. Product demonstration, Setup, and Training.
Creative Business Development Manager with impressive track record of improving sales and growing company customer base. Innovative program management, strategic planning, and team leadership skills. Successful team builder with exceptional communication abilities. Work History
2023-04
2023-06
2023-01
2023-04
2022-08
2022-05
Business Development – Laid Off
Marjan Stone, Spring Valley, CA
Sold countertops to Interior Designers, General
Contractors and Home Improvement Companies.
Hubspot CRM program
Consultant – Family Business
The Emerald Magazine & The Emerald Dispensary in
Brooklyn, NY.
Assisted daughter with this existing business
and new business start-up.
Consultant – Laid Off
Principal Renovation, LLC, Schertz, TX
Solely responsible for opening new territory for the company.
Prospected for opportunities with qualified projects positioned to generate new and increase existing
customer orders. 10% cold calling, 30% person to
person meetings, 60% project management.
Contact
Address
San Diego, CA
Phone
512-***-****
E-mail
ad7hn6@r.postjobfree.com
Skills
Territory
Management
Sales and budget
forecasting
Group coordination and
presentations
Relationship building and
networking, Project Takeoffs
and bidding.
Presentation Materials
SalesForce
Microsoft Office
Sales Team Management
Debra DeGiovanni
Business Development / Account Manager
2021-02 -
2022-05
Business Development Manager
Wurzel Builders, Austin, TX
Self-sourcing prospects. Solely responsible for
pursuing these construction projects to bid for a
general contractor.
Target markets are Hospitality, Multi-Family,
Industrial, Medical, Office, etc.
Sold over $200,000,000 in commercial contracts.
Contacts and presentations made to architects
and developers.
Co-partnered with Director of Business
Development in implementing various marketing
objectives.
Reached out to potential customers via telephone, email and in-person inquiries.
Qualified potential projects to bid prior to turning in to our estimating department.
Worked closely with estimating and project
managers with pre and post bid preparation.
Uncovered and qualified prospects and sales
opportunities in targeted markets using external
resources.
Consultant – Laid Off
Exotic Stone Works, Austin, TX
Responsible for setting up new turnkey countertop operation for Austin. Consulted with General
Contractors & Design Consultants to set up
marketing strategies for the markets of Multi-Family, Kitchen & Bath Companies, Designers, Home
Remodelers and Custom Home Builders.
2015-06 -
2019-07
Territory Sales Manager
MC Surfaces, Inc, Austin, Texas
Oversite of all sales and marketing activities to New Home Builders, Multi-Family Developers, Designers
and Custom Home Builders.
Sold countertops, tile, and flooring products.
Managerial responsibilities for overseeing the
growth of a new territory which averaged $0 to
$4,000,000+ annually in revenue within 4 years.
Training sales representatives including product 2019-10
2020-12
knowledge together with product presentation,
proposal preparation, delivery, and account set-up.
Coached sales associates in product specifications, sales incentives and selling techniques. This helped to increased customer satisfaction ratings.
Developed sales strategy based on research of
consumer buying trends and market conditions.
Other personal responsibilities included budget
planning, sales forecasting, marketing strategies, networking accountant management and up-
selling.
SalesForce CRM
2015-01 -
2015-06
Medical Leave
Surgery and post operative treatment
Education
1990-09 -
1991-06
Certificate Program: Business Administration And
Management
Coleman University - San Diego, CA
.
Contact this candidate