KATHY A. SMITH
Germantown, MD 831-***-**** • ad7jt4@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kathy-smith-33b4953a/

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Artemis Consulting/Library of Congress, Washington, DC August 2023 - February 2024
Communications Analyst/Trainer
●Composed and designed a diverse range of communications content, ensuring effective distribution through newsletters, web content, podcasts, and other channels.
●Master new systems rapidly, offering comprehensive training and coaching to enhance user proficiency and adoption.
●Implemented change management efforts by collaborating on User Acceptance Testing (UAT) to accelerate smooth software transitions.
●Leads learning and development programs to support employee growth and career advancement, including training, coaching, and mentorship opportunities.
Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, Washington, DC January 2021 - February 2023
Training & Development Manager
●Developed and conducted new hires onboarding: coordinate and oversee onboarding of new hires, ensuring a seamless transition and integration.
●Act in a client-facing role, leading operations of large statewide mentoring initiatives to achieve client goals for US and International.
●Facilitated DEI training virtual for 3000 employees.
●Managed rollout for Office 365 SharePoint/OneDrive, Teams, Outlook, OneNote, Word, Excel & PowerPoint companywide migration for 500 users (US an International), including working with Executive committee for scheduling, identifying data to be migrated, creating training material and perform in-person and virtual training for SharePoint, OneDrive and Teams and TalentLMS administrator.
●Oversee training project teams-including curriculum developers, trainers, coordinators, and data analysts-to deliver training activities and meet project objectives.
Digital Risk/Wells Fargo Washington, DC June 2020 - January 2021
Lead Trainer
●Surpassed company expectations by facilitating remote/virtual training of for all new employees using Skype.
●Delivered skills-based, process, and customer service training, constructed refresher courses, and updated modules to address system enhancements/changes in a rapidly changing industry.
●Created on-demand training modules and online materials to meet needs of employees working on various shifts.
CTEC/Department of Labor, Monterey, CA December 2019 - June 2020
Employment Transition Facilitator
●Traveled to different military bases to provide career counseling for service members transitioning out of the military.
●Delivered formal employment workshops and career technical training for up to 50 participants in a classroom setting.
●Met needs of service members and spouses by providing career advice to facilitate transition to civilian workforce.
22nd Century/Department of Defense - Defense Language Institute, Monterey, CA January 2017 - November 2019
Trainer/Scrum Master
●Managed Office 365 migration (Outlook, SharePoint, OneDrive and Teams) training of over 3,500 globally-dispersed staff and faculty and constructed both online and instructor-led classroom curricula and online videos for remote/virtual instruction.
●Scheduling and facilitating scrum events, meetings, and decision-making processes.
●Served as liaison between scrum team and key stakeholders to accelerate collaborative communication.
●Adhered to Agile methodology values, principles, and practices to plan, manage, and deliver solutions.
●Facilitates and supports all scrum events: Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review, and Sprint Retrospective.
Equinoxys/Food & Drug Administration, Silver Spring, MD January 2016 - December 2016
Senior Training Specialist
●Customized an e-learning Oracle Financials course tailored to meet client's needs by providing reality-based scenarios, interactives, and simulations
●Designed instructor-led training (ILT) courses to cover technical, operational, and financial issues in both one-on-one and group classroom settings
●Conducted extensive research and developed job aids, online training curriculum, and presentations for the Budget Execution program
●Realigned training material in response to changing program priorities and regulatory policy/procedural modifications in a rapidly changing environment
ActioNet/Department of Energy, Germantown, MD March 2014 - December 2015
Service Desk Training Manager
●Created and executed strategic employee development plans for help desk personnel to improve service levels.
●Coordinated with vendors to secure IT certifications for over 200 Tier 1- 3 technicians and achieved a 100% pass rate
●Aided in troubleshooting and promptly solving technical issues and worked closely with management to develop service level agreements (SLAs) to clarify commitments between a service provider and clients.
●Manages ITIL processes and procedures for Incident Management, Problem Management, Service Request Management, Knowledge Management, and Change Management.
Fulcrum IT Services/Department of Health & Human Services, Washington, DC February 2008 - March 2014
Lead It Instructor
●Served as lead instructor and SharePoint Admin for Emergency Response personnel in a dynamic and fast-paced 24/7 public health and medical emergency response operations center.
●Applied technical skills to perform duties of a WebE0C Administrator and delivered incident and event training in a classroom setting for up to 30 students.
●Identified training gaps and designed emergency/disaster preparedness courses to ensure personnel were prepared to respond in crisis situations.
●Devised job aids, learning activities, and quizzes to evaluate staff and assisted management by serving as a subject-matter-expert in writing performance work statements and statements of work/objectives.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE

Keane Federal Systems for the US Marine Corps, Arlington, VA August 1998 - June 2008
Training Manager

EDUCATION

University of Maryland Global Campus- Maryland expected December 2025
Psychology
Phoenix University- Phoenix, AZ expected December 2025
Psychology
Towson University- Towson, MD June 2023
Project Management Professional Preparation

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Microsoft Office 365 (SharePoint, Teams, Forms, OneDrive, OneNote), Sakai 11 (LMS), Loom, TalentLMS, Cornerstone OnDemand, Loom, AirServer, Microsoft Azure, macOS, Windows 10, Oracle Financials, Confluence, Blackboard Collaborate/Ultra, Service Now, JIRA, ADDIE, SCORM, WebEx, Zoom (Webinars, Phones, Conferences), VPN, Remote Desktop, VTC, Crestron, Snag-It, PeopleSoft.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Project Management, Agile, Training & Development, Learning Management System (LMS), Coaching, Performance Management, Critical Thinking, Decision-Making, Strategic Planning, Problem-Solving, Technical Writing, Communication Skills, Interpersonal Skills, Analytical Skills, Organizational Skills, Time Management, Multitasking.

CERTIFICATIONS

●Certified Scrum Master, Scrum Alliance - April 2023
●ITIL Foundations, Exin - 2015
●SharePoint Online Power User - 2022
Contact this candidate