SHON DIONNE
Home: 586-***-****
***** *********** ***** ****: 810-***-****
Chesterfield, MI 48047 ad7l2i@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Versatile engineering sales professional with over 30 years of development-oriented experience including new customer mining in a B2B environment, product design leadership, tool build management, assembly machine project management, contract negotiation, and proven problem resolution abilities.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
2022-PRESENT
Standex Mold-Tech ~ Fraser, MI
Global company in 23 countries and 46 locations, Standex is the leader of texture development and implementation to Automotive and Consumer Goods industries.

Business Development Manager
North American Architexture Group leader, responsible for the creation of new and unique textures designed specifically to individual customer needs.
TDC (texture development center) leader, develop textures from existing patterns, textiles, and animal skins.
Laser Texture Group leader, development of new textures as well as the management of capacity of current production laser textures.
Prototype lead, production of final product representative finishes for show cars or trade show reviews.
Surface treatment lead, tool finishes such as Tribocoat(electroless nickel and teflon).

2020-2022
AMAERO Inc. ~ El Segundo, CA
Publicly traded on the Australian stock exchange, servicing the aerospace, consumer goods, medical and automotive sectors. A full-service supplier in the metal Additive Manufacturing industry, providing parts, powder and Laser Powder Bed Fusion and ancillary equipment.

Sales Engineer
Business Development for North America.
Marketing to multiple business sectors, representing Amaero at Tradeshows and Technical conferences as well as cold calling.
Increase customer knowledge of Additive Manufacturing and developing business strategies to best serve the customer’s needs.

2007-2020
MVP Plastics, Inc. ~ Middlefield, OH
A privately owned Minority Business Entity, specializing in the molding and assembly of complex decorative components for the automotive and consumer product sectors.

Director of Sales & Engineering
Responsible for all customer pricing, developed company pricing model and quoting structure.
Expanded company footprint from 1 facility to 3, tripled sales from 2007.
Managed sales estimating and engineering departments.
Successfully navigated a small automotive supplier through the contraction of the auto industry, by consolidation of operations and by expanding our customer base and increasing our over-all profitability.

2006-2007
Blue Water Automotive Systems, Inc. (formerly Injectronics) ~Farmington Hills, MI
Subsidiary of KSP-Special Situation Fund of New York, with ten facilities nine in the US, and one in Mexico. Providing a broad array of molded components to the automotive and consumer product industries.

Program Manager
Led an engineering team that was design responsible for the interior hard trim and door garnish for the ‘09 Lincoln MKS, the door bezels and A-pillar of the ’09 Ford Econoline van, as well as some other smaller projects. My team consisted of four product development engineers, and six designers.

2003-2006
Blackhawk Automotive Plastics, Inc ~ Troy, MI
A privately owned company with three facilities in Ohio: Salem, Upper Sandusky and Mason. Specializing in the molding and assembly of interior and exterior trim, in-mold appliqué, painted trim and air-outlets.

Program Manager
Led an engineering team that was design responsible for the interior hard trim on a new Ford Flex. This team consisted of three project engineers, and five designers.
Led the Design and launch of the Rear End-Cap and Air Outlet Assembly in the new Honda Ridgeline.
Project Engineer
Responsible for the production launch of Chevy Cobalt Door Trim Switch-plate Bezels and the Cadillac STS Seat Trim.
Promoted to Program Manager.

2001 – 2003
Progressive Moulded Products LTD ~ Troy, MI
A Privately owned company with facilities in Concord, ON and McAllen, TX. Specializing in the molding and assembly of interior systems, IP, consoles and air outlets.

Design Release Engineer
Integrated Supplier to General Motors responsible for the design and release of the floor console assembly for the Epsilon Platform (Malibu, G6).
Manage multiple suppliers or "directed-buy" components.
Lead of the cross functional Product development team (PDT) including members from GM manufacturing, Design studio, and Interiors group.
Execute through GM's system all engineering changes, addition of content, removal of content, and present all financial impacts for approval.

1996-2001
A. Raymond, Inc. ~ Rochester Hills. MI
Privately held multi-nation company providing plastic and metal fasteners to the automotive OEMs and their tiers. Utilizing more than 50 molding machines ranging in size from 35 to 250 ton.

Tooling Engineer
Select vendors of plastic injection molds (prototype and production), automated assembly equipment, and other special projects·
Managed the design and build of molds and automated assembly equipment.
Visited customers as technical resource.
Program Manager
Developed concepts based on customer requirements.
Directed design to completion.
Maintained program schedule.
Led cross-functional APQP team to PPAP.
Promoted to Tooling Engineer.

1989-1996
Huron Plastics Group, Inc. ~ Port Huron, MI
Tier 1 custom injection-molder of small to medium size components utilizing machines ranging in size from 25 ton to 1000 ton in several plants nationwide.

Project Engineer
Customer liaison for the TRW-VSSI account.
Select vendors for plastic injection molds.
Managed project schedule.

Process Engineer/Supervisor
Establish stable processes on new production molds utilizing D.O.E. and systematic molding techniques.
Supervised a staff of 11 employees.
Trained all new technical support staff.
Promoted to Project Engineer.

EDUCATION

Oakland University, Rochester Hills, MI
St Clair County Community College, Port Huron, MI
Contact this candidate