Professional Summary
Sales and business development manager with 15+ years of experience meeting and exceeding sales targets across telecommunications, banking, and oil & gas industries. Additional marketing and communications experience aids in building strong and lasting client relationships. Operate well in both individual and team capacities, leveraging seasoned work ethic to quickly adapt to different processes and drive company objectives. Resourceful and results-driven with a passion for growth and efficiency to meet company needs and increase service value.

Skills
Client Relations Management
Communications Strategy
Corporate Communications
Problem-Solving Skills
HubSpot

Financial Reporting
Event Coordination
Resource Management & Development
Sales Support
Pivotal CRM

Work History
Head of Communications Feb 2022 – Dec 2022
Sagacity Inc. - Georgetown, Guyana Public Relations and Communications in the Oil and Gas Industry
Created and implemented internal and external communication plans to establish consistent and timely messaging for clients’ products and services.
Designed policy and corporate culture updates by developing internal manuals and memoranda.
Managed budget allocation and resource utilization to maximize marketing ROI.
Led team of 10 communications professionals, provided mentoring and coaching to build knowledge and skills.
Managed media relations and campaigns to address public communications in crisis situations.
Established and managed relationships with key media contacts for optimal coverage of company initiatives.
Represented company at multiple public forums and conferences.

Small Business Owner Aug 2014 – Dec 2021
Jet Investments – Georgetown, Guyana Sub-distributor in Telecommunications Sector
Top Sales Distributor for three years 2015, 2016, 2017, increasing revenue by 10%, 12% and 15% respectively.
Managed all aspects of business ownership and operational management, keeping business running smoothly.
Drove revenue by developing and maintaining relationships with clients and business partners.
Maintained up-to-date records of all transactions related to the business finances.
Evaluated sales reports and financial statements to manage cash flow and develop techniques to improve business.
Participated in business events, conferences and trade shows to promote products and network with business owners and prospective clients.
Performed statistical analyses to gather data for operational and forecast team needs.

Community Sales Manager Nov 2019 - Apr 2020
Williams Office Inc. - Georgetown, Guyana Caribbean Franchise holder of Regus Offices
Surpassed sales goals and service targets by 10% in first quarter of operations.
Built relationships with customers and community to establish long-term business growth.
Engaged in product training, demonstrations, consumer awareness, branding, and acquisition initiatives to raise awareness and revenues.
Prepared sales presentations for clients showing success and credibility of products.
Facilitated business by implementing practical networking techniques.
Collaborated cross-functionally with headquarters, regional and other teams nationally to maintain consistent message and experience.

Business Development Manager Aug 2009 - Aug 2014
Guyana Lottery Company Ltd - Georgetown, Guyana Subsidiary of Canadian Bank Note’s Lottery Gaming
Increased annual sales in 2012 and 2013 by 32% and 64% respectively. 2013 recorded the highest revenue in life of lottery through rebranding and strategic marketing campaigns.
Trade Market growth increased by 116% within 6 months of implementation of rebranding strategy.
Managed a team of four (4) business development representatives, this amount increased to 8 by year 2012.
Generated new business with marketing initiatives and strategic plans.
Established relationships with key decision-makers to promote growth and retention.
Negotiated and closed long-term agreements with new clients in assigned territory.
Monitored market trends and competitor activities to identify areas of potential opportunity.
Established key performance indicators to track and analyze business progress and adjust strategies accordingly.

Commercial Sales Lead Aug 2003 - Jul 2009
U Mobile Inc. - Georgetown, Guyana Mobile Service Provider
Increased sales and customer satisfaction by 20% yearly through personalized servicing, as measured by surveys.
Managed a portfolio of 300+ clients.
Trained, coached, and mentored new sales associates for maximum performance.
Used POS system to process sales, and activations.
Offered each customer top-notch, personal service to boost sales and customer satisfaction.
Identified and analyzed key competitors and related products.
Kept abreast of full scope of available offerings to provide top-notch salesmanship to customers.

Education
University of Guyana, Turkeyen, Guyana Bachelor of Science (B.S.) in Sociology, Dec 2010
University of Guyana, Turkeyen, Guyana Associate Degree (A.A.) in Management, Dec 2006
Insurance Producer, License No. 300-***-****, valid Aug 2023 – Jan 2025
*Tertiary Education evaluated by Globe Language Services Inc., a member of the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services.
Contact this candidate