BILL SURRACO
Redwood City, CA *****
ad7mca@r.postjobfree.com Mobile: 650-***-****

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Held positions in technical sales, marketing, business development, and regional sales. Technical experience in a variety of industries: construction, building management systems, communication protocol gateways, SCADA-EMS in electric utilities, water/wastewater utilities, mining, oil and gas, gas sensors and fixed gas detection systems, collision avoidance, autonomous vehicles. Analytical individual, personable, articulate communicator offering high-caliber presentation, negotiation and closing skills. Equally effective at identifying opportunities and providing tactical business solutions. Core professional competencies include:
Strategic Sales and Marketing Skills
Executive Presentation and Negotiation
Key Account Acquisition and Retention
Software as a Service solution selling
Prospecting, Lead Generation and Tracking
CRM – Salesforce, Goldmine, Monday
Operations and Program Management
Multilingual – Spanish, Portuguese, French

EXPERIENCE:

ACCOUNT MANAGER – NORTHERN CALIFORNIA, RH Borden, Inc.
Helped company expand into Northern California region, selling technology-based services to wastewater collection sanitary districts.

Selected Accomplishments: Sold first wastewater sewer line assessment in California. Helped get the company established in Northern California. Developed business plan and provided support to President.
Identified key contacts and populated details in CRM platform.
Proactively reached out through cold calls and conducted in-person visits to Public Works departments, effectively promoting our innovative solutions.
Attended exhibitions and participated in industry conferences.
Provided quotes, followed up and closed sales, conducted demonstrations at customer’s site, highlighting the value of our solutions.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER, Xinxin Gem Technology Group LLC.
Manufacturer representative for optoelectronic manufacturer.

Selected Accomplishments: Played a key role in establishing the company’s presence in the US market. Contributed to developing the business plan, offering strategic insights and actionable recommendations. Provided dedicated support to General Manager, ensuring smooth operations and successful execution.
Advised General Manager on doing business in the United States.
Setup social media accounts and improved collateral material.
Managed all outside sales and bidding for the company.
Organized email campaign and targeted selected customers.
Attended exhibitions representing the firm and participated in conferences.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER, Foundation Repair of California.
Northern California contractor servicing residential and commercial customers. Principal areas of expertise: Advised homeowners with structural issues: foundations, retaining walls, water leaks/damage/mold issues, driveway cracks, levelling concrete and earthquake proofing.

Selected Accomplishments:
Managed all outside sales and bidding for the company in assigned territory.
Documented visit by taking photos and generated detailed drawings of customer issues.
Presented company’s products, demonstrated proposed solutions, provided a quote, and closed the sale.
Coordinated schedule and installation with service teams.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER, ABSL Construction.
Leading highway construction firm in Northern California, specializing in asphalt milling and grinding. Provides services to prime contractors and California Department of Transportation - CALTRANS.

Selected Accomplishments: Managed the accounting of the company’s largest ever project. Increased bidding and estimating by 25%. Performed administration duties as needed.
Project Management: Managed projects on “as need” basis.
Operations Management: Helped to define business strategy and to improve operational practices.
Streamlined Excise Tax recovery program and recovered 4 years of tax reimbursements.
Evaluated project performance metrics: job costs, margins, other KPIs.
Researched bids with Caltrans, cities, and municipalities throughout the State of California.
Reviewed project plans and specifications and submitted bids to prime contractors.

REGIONAL ACCOUNT AND SALES MANAGER, Sierra Monitor Corporation.
Manufacturer and developer of FieldServer line of communication protocol gateways, IIoT (Industrial Internet of Things) solutions, gas sensors and fixed gas and flame detection systems (Sentry IT).

Selected Accomplishments: Defined and implemented new region’s business strategy. Expanded sales and promoted SMC’s 4 lines of business: Communication protocol gateways (FieldServer), OEM FieldServer, gas sensors and fixed gas detection systems (Sentry IT) and Alternative Fuel Program (AFP) throughout region.
Sold first gas detection system - Sentry IT - in Argentina.
Sold first implementation of SMC’s IIoT (Industrial Internet of Things) Cloud solution – FieldPop in Mexico.
Developed, managed, and expanded number of customer accounts throughout the region. Signed first representative in Brazil. Diversified and expanded business opportunities throughout region to new HVAC and EMS customers.
Other accomplishments:
-Travelled throughout the region to conduct sales visits, attended conferences, and participated in trade shows.
-Bidding and Proposals: Responded to Request for Quotations (RFQ).

ACCOUNT & SALES MANAGER, Leica Geosystems Inc - SAFEmine Technology Inc. - Hexagon Mining.
Hexagon Mining, a subsidiary of Hexagon AB, Sweden. Manufacturer and developer of GPS-based Collision Avoidance Systems (CAS), autonomous vehicle technologies and Fleet Management Systems (FMS) for the mining industry.

Selected Accomplishments:
Expanded number of customers by 350%. Sold company’s first three CAS – FMS systems in Chile, first system and first trial in Brasil and first trial in Peru.
-Travelled throughout Latin American to conduct sales visits, attend conferences, and trade shows.
-Used Customer Relationship Management (CRM – Salesforce) to track and maintain project pipeline.
-Updated and trained representatives on new developments and product information.
-Bidding and Proposals: Responded to Request for Quotations (RFQ).
Operations Management: Defined, implemented, and maintained go to market strategy. Supervised implementation of maintenance support services programs.
Used machine learning (Tensor Flow) to find elevated risk areas for vehicle collisions.
Increased number of online licenses - recurring revenue.
Contributed to the generation of MRDs (Market Requirement Documents) and PRDs (Product Requirement Documents) by consulting with customers about their needs.
Selected new representatives in Chile and Peru. Trained and educated representative’s personnel.
Promoted company as speaker in Industry Conferences and trade shows to promote Leica-SAFEmine’s solutions.

EDUCATION:
Master’s in business administration - MBA, Saint Mary’s College of California, Moraga, CA
Bachelor of science - B. S. Mechanical Engineering, Santa Clara University, Santa Clara, CA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
- Languages: Spanish (native speaker), Portuguese (fluent speaking/reading), French (minimal conversation).
- Volunteer: St Anthony’s Dining Hall
- Volunteer: Santa Clara University School of Engineering Senior Projects Judge
- Volunteer: Sequoia Adult School – Mathematics Tutor
- Volunteer: San Mateo County Office of Education – STEM Fair Judge
- Juror: San Mateo County Civil Gand Jury 2023-2024
- Energy Auditor Certificate – Pacific Gas & Electric
- Energy Inspector Certificate - Pacific Gas & Electric
Contact this candidate