Work Experience
Strategic Account Manager
ad7nc9@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/devanshi-s-thakkar/
+1-341-***-****
Fremont, CA, 94538, USA
Seller obsessed and relationship driven E-Commerce Account Manager with 5 years of experience overseeing Strategic Accounts in E-commerce and Retail. Skilled in collaborating with essential sellers, suppliers, and vendors. My primary asset lies in data-driven decision-making, guided by an analytical mindset and advanced digital skills, particularly in advanced excel. I excel in working harmoniously within larger teams, possessing strong communication, interpersonal, time management, and presentation abilities.
Devanshi Thakkar
Business Development Executive
Impetus Technologies Los Gatos
-
Leading Business Development initiatives including building sales pipelines, prioritizing customer relationship and satisfaction, and optimizing offer quality.
Applying business acumen and understanding sense of urgency to qualify leads and supervising high-value, strategic account development. Working cross functionally to deliver critical Executive-level presentations and demos. Using Interpersonal skills while delivering presentations to significant partners and customers. Leading negotiations for high value deals.
Prioritizing and Negotiating new and renewal contracts with leadership teams at Fortune 500 companies. Networking with account executives of key partners and customers to building long term trusting relationship. Apr 2024 Present
Senior Strategic Account Manager
General Mills Pvt Ltd.
-
Driving business growth and expansion of the E-Commerce business through managing strategic accounts like Amazon and Flipkart (Walmart subsidiary), leading negotiations with key partners to achieve business plan, resulting in a $2 million increase in E-Commerce revenues in 2023.
Developing and executing strategic marketing plans to enhance online sales, site placement and promotions that drive incremental traffic and GMV.
Achieved 4% of improved margin delivery by conducting deep analysis of past sales performance, marketing and financial data for each seller and vendor to build targeted strategies for growth and improved margins for the business vertical. Directed a team of 13 regional account managers, providing leadership and guidance to exceed business targets with minimal supervision.
Working cross-functionally with product management, supply chain, operations, sales leaders and marketing team to deliver high customer satisfaction and strong relationship with sellers and vendors. Apr 2021 May 2023
Strategic Account Manager
Philips Lighting Pvt Ltd.
-
Accountable for performance analysis and performance tracking of all new product launches within the category at the country level. Implemented strategies based on the analysis to achieve 120% growth in 2020, the highest in the country. Leveraged knowledge of Home Décor trends gained though my degree in interior design to effectively market products and improve customer engagement.
Led growth initiatives, monitored performance of strategic seller accounts, and conducted in-depth analysis to address issues affecting seller performance.
Responsible for taking ownership for executing omni-channel merchandising strategy. Executed consistent shopping experience across different channels, such as online, mobile, social media, and physical stores. Jun 2019 Apr 2021
Core Skills
Analytical tools, Tableay, Power BI, MS Office, Advanced Excel, Team Management, Leadership, Sales, and, Marketing, Communication skills, Account Management, Creative, Scheduling, Meeting Deadlines Education
Northwestern University -
Certificate Product Management
Jan 2023 Jul 2024
Xavier School of Management -
Certificate Business Analytics
Jan 2021 Dec 2022
Goa Institute of Management -
Master of Business Administration
Jan 2017 Dec 2019
Mumbai University -
Bachelor of Arts
Jan 2014 Dec 2017
Contact this candidate