APRIL D. JANISZAK
ad7ofo@r.postjobfree.com
346-***-****
**** ******* **.
Houston, Texas 77080
[1]
EDUCATION & AFFILIATIONS
UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON
Gerald D. Hines College of
Architecture
August 1998 – May 2003
Bachelor of Architecture
(5-year program)
Magna Cum Laude
Bachelor of Science
Environmental Design
Magna Cum Laude
Spring 2002
Study Abroad Program:
Saintes, France
May 2003
Received design award
for project titled
“Extreme Sport Facility”
Currently studying to
take exam for PMP
Certification
Always maintain
excellent customer
service and relationships
with clients, contractors,
consultants and vendors
during the lifespan of
each project.
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
JOINER ARCHITECTS Kingwood, Texas
Project Manager: CONTRACT: February 2024 – May 2024
Drafted and prepared detailed construction documents for K-12 educational sector on design, structural and MEP specs, and materials in parallel with building costs while using computer-aided design software.
Inspected building sites in order to document current conditions prior to building renovations.
Meet and discuss projects with Civil, Structural, & MEP consultants for complete project coordination among each discipline. JOHNSON DESIGN GROUP, LLC. Houston, Texas
Senior Project Manager: 2022 – 2023
Interior & Exterior Projects (Multi-Family, Office, & Mixed Use Building Types)
Responsible for the day to day project and client management for multi- discipline architectural and engineering design services for projects from the initial planning through construction phase.
Coordinate work efforts and review work for QA/QC during all phases of the project from design to final occupancy.
Prepare design proposals with support documentation from all disciplines to present to the client.
Completed all city permitting forms for initial review as well as responses back to the city for second or more rounds once approved. Office Administration & Business Development:
In addition to being a PM, I also helped the firm with Marketing, New Business Development, setting up Lunch & Learns for Continuing Education for the team, and creating a material library.
BUVINGHAUSEN, INC. Houston, Texas
Construction Project Manager: 2020 – 2022
Interior & Exterior Projects (Industrial Building Types)
Managed all facets of project management including but not limited to budget, schedule, procurement, quality & risk for construction projects.
Coordinated all phases of planning, design, construction, occupancy and closeout with subcontractors in the field.
KINGHAM DALTON WILSON, LTD. Houston, Texas
Project Designer: 2019 – 2020
Interior & Exterior Commercial Projects (Design-Build)
Exterior and interior design plus construction documentation in Revit 2020 for tilt-wall construction projects in the office/warehouse industry.
Daily coordination with multiple trades/consultants from the beginning of the schematic design phase through final project documentation for permitting.
Collaborated daily with in-house Project Managers & Estimators through the design phase of projects as they were continuously pricing out multiple phases in order to remain within the client’s budget but, at the same time, keeping the client’s vision and the integrity of the project intact. APRIL D. JANISZAK
ad7ofo@r.postjobfree.com
346-***-****
9729 Warwana Rd.
Houston, Texas 77080
[2]
SOFTWARE SKILLS
Autodesk Revit 2021,
AutoCAD 2022 & Cadvance
Adobe Creative Suite:
Photoshop, Illustrator &
InDesign
Lumion, SketchUp, & 3D
Studio Max for renderings
Bluebeam Revu & Adobe
Acrobat
Microsoft Office: Word,
Excel, Outlook, Access &
PowerPoint
CAFM, Web Central,
Archibus, Tririga,
Serraview, & Corecon V8
Sage, Newforma, Deltek
Vision, Monograph, &
P6 Primavera
GoTo Meeting, Skype, &
Zoom for on-line
conference meetings
CB Richard Ellis British Petroleum Account Houston, Texas Construction Project Manager: 2018 – 2019
Interior & Exterior Projects
Manage all facets of project management (budget, schedule, procurement, quality & risk) for individual real estate projects including planning, design, construction, occupancy and closeout.
Understand and apply standard to complex documents affecting real estate projects, including but not limited to agreements/contracts, leases, work letters, project charters, surveys and drawings.
Prepare scope of work, project delivery resource requirements, cost estimate & budget, cash flow, work plan schedule & milestones, quality control, and risk identification.
Identify project delivery resources from pre-qualified lists or through individual project qualification process, conducts standard to complex request for proposals, completes bid analysis, leads evaluation interviews, recommends resources to clients.
Track progress of each project against goals, objectives, approved budgets, approved timelines. Report status and variances. Create action plans to meet objectives, budget and schedule.
Move & Migration Manager:
Westlake BP Campus (Houston) – After Hurricane Harvey flooded building
Transfer of information from the BU Planners and construction PM, project scope development, move sequencing and resource requirements.
Development of project move spreadsheets
Move Management meetings and construction hand-overs.
Distribution of information to stakeholders such as move vendors, disconnect/reconnect teams, AV, network and electricians.
Coordination with IT support for specific IT requirements. KENDALL / HEATON ASSOCIATES, INC. Houston, Texas
Senior Project Designer: 2016 – 2018
Base Building Team – Curtain Wall Construction
Produced technical construction documents in Revit 2017 for the new American Airline Headquarters in Ft. Worth and the Golden State Warrior Arena in San Francisco. Extensive client/consultant coordination between design architect and all engineering consultants.
Senior Project Designer + Manager:
Interior Design Team
Interior design and construction documentation of commercial office spaces. Managing the interior team with migrating all interior standard drawings from Cadvance software into Revit for department transition. APRIL D. JANISZAK
ad7ofo@r.postjobfree.com
346-***-****
9729 Warwana Rd.
Houston, Texas 77080
[3]
KEY CLIENTS SERVED
BRITISH PETROLEUM (BP)
OCCIDENTAL PETROLEUM (OXY)
CONOCOPHILLIPS
HCSS
ADVANCE POLYBAG, INC.
ENCAP INVESTMENTS, L.P.
SYSCO
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS
VITOL
GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS
AMERICAN AIRLINES
REGIONS FINANCIAL CENTER
VISTA EQUITIES GROUP
PLANNING DESIGN RESEARCH CORP. Houston, Texas
Senior Project Designer + Project Manager: 2010 – 2015 Architecture + Interior Design Team
Designer and Manager on multiple corporate projects for clients in the oil
& gas, investments, & trading industries. Designed & renovated office space for clients such as ExxonMobil, ConocoPhillips, Occidental Petroleum, Vitol, EnCap Investments, Sysco, & Texas Instruments.
Completed all phases of construction projects from beginning to end: Schematic Design: Zoning plans, test fits, workplace programming, finish palettes, and preliminary budgets.
Design Development: Space planning and finalizing of all building systems.
Construction Documentation: Technical written and graphic direction for construction. Coordination between architectural & MEP drawings. Coordinated building codes, city permitting, and ADA code compliance.
Construction Procurement & Administration: Construction observation on jobs to ensure construction project is in accordance with the construction drawings.
Transition Management Team
Specialized in workplace analysis and strategic programming as a Strategic Planning Consultant to large oil and gas companies such as Occidental Petroleum and ConocoPhillips. Analyzed client’s growth projections against their current and potential real estate strategies. Engaged with multiple business units within the company to help implement and design their new space strategies and to ensure their business objectives were aligned with new & upcoming technology and innovative design.
Executed full building business stacking diagrams, real time program analysis with space plans, macro & microprogramming, and finally engaged each individual business unit to onboard them about the upcoming project.
Strategic company planning & migration planning. Including, but not limited to, meeting with clients to process and gather all parts of a workplace that need to be moved to the new location, define the move rules and parameters, complete a migration sequence, perform move verification meetings to end users, and support the company’s designated move coordinators prior to the migration sequence. POWERS BROWN ARCHITECTURE Houston, Texas
Project Administrator: 2007 – 2009
Ground-Up & Tilt-Wall Construction
Produced construction documentation for commercial building types such as assisted living facility, school for the physically and mentally challenged, warehouse + office facilities, and industrial office + warehouse & manufacturing facility. Clients included but not limited to HCSS & Advance Polybag in Sugarland, ML Deer Construction, & Arbor School.
Performed various tasks such as field visits, shop submittals, responses to city comments for permits, product research, develop interior spaces, extensive code research, & full construction documentation.
Worked on two new construction Silver LEED facilities: One-story office building and an industrial manufacturing facility. APRIL D. JANISZAK
ad7ofo@r.postjobfree.com
346-***-****
9729 Warwana Rd.
Houston, Texas 77080
[4]
HERMES ARCHITECTS Houston, Texas
Project Administrator: 2004 –2007
Ground-Up & Tilt-Wall Construction
Produced construction documentation for commercial building types such as high-end retail.
Created large site developments in the schematic, design development, and the construction documentation phases.
Performed various tasks such as field visits, shop submittals, responses to city comments for permits, product research, and extensive code research. Created 2D color renderings in Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator.
Contact this candidate