Matthew H. Rohr ***** Trilobite Ct., Aldie, Virginia, 20105. 202-***-****. ad7os6@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn : http://www.linkedin.com/pub/matthew-h-rohr/5/386/483

OBJECTIVE
A highly experienced sales professional with comprehensive strategic planning and implementation skills seeking a position in a Business Development / Account Executive role where these skills will add similar or greater value
Skills

Sales Management
AI (Artificial Intelligence)
Public Speaking
Partnerships (Small and Large Businesses)
Business Development
Software/Database Integration
Quote Negotiation
Consulting/Service Sales
Knowledge of configuration of PC Hardware/Software, Servers, Datacasting, Closed Captioning, Video Conferencing, Enterprise Software, Storage Area Networks (SAN),
Design experience with Carrier Ethernet demarcation devices, Coarse Wave Division Multiplexers (CWDM), Ethernet Network Interface Devices, T1/E1 Multiplexers, TDM, SONET, and other services across fiber links or combining services over a CWDM common fiber link.
Small Business knowledge of 8a, SBA, SDVOB, Women Owned, and Native American companies.
Federal Multiple Agency Contracts (MAC) Experience

EXPERIENCE

Seerist Federal, Reston, Va.
Federal Account Manager June 2023- Current

Seerist is the only augmented analytics solution that helps global agencies and organizations better navigate a risky world by preparing them for potential events that may be highly disruptive to their operations. Seerist combines evolving artificial intelligence with expert risk analysts to sift through the noise of global chatter and identify– or even predict– potential threats for our clients. Key Responsibilities include:

•Demonstrate and train Federal Government Analysts in DHS Agencies, NIH, HHS, Dept. of State, and DoD in the Seerist platform.
•Work on joint projects with large Federal contractors such as BAH, Northrop Grumman, and Lockheed Martin.
•Excel at internal and external communications to understand Customer requirements and align to mission outcomes that result in a consistent qualified pipeline of future business focused upon the mutual success of the Company and the End User.
•Established relationships with C Level Leadership within NIH/HHS, DHS, CDC, USCG, USDA, DEA, and USMC End Users, Federal Contractors, other Government accounts, and Commercial companies to broaden the Company's footprint.

Enveil, Fulton, Md.
DHS/ Civilian Account Manager (Contract Work) January 2023- June 2023

Enveil is a pioneering Privacy Enhancing Technology company protecting Data in Use, utilizing homomorphic encryption. In his role at Enveil, helping drive the focus in building Enveil’s presence across the Federal Civilian Market. Key Responsibilities include:

•Helped develop go-to-market strategies for cutting-edge COTS Privacy Enhancing Technologies (PETs) software across Department of Justice, NIH, HHS, Dept. of State, and DHS.
•Excel at internal and external communications to understand Customer requirements and align to mission outcomes that result in a consistent qualified pipeline of future business focused upon the mutual success of the Company and the End User.
•Established corporate relationships with CxO Leadership within IC End User, Federal Contractors, other Government accounts, and Commercial companies to broaden the Company's footprint.

Booz Allen Hamilton, McLean, Va.
District Defend Federal Sales Manager February 2022-January 2023

In his role at Booz Allen, helping drive the firm’s innovation efforts, technology delivery, partnerships, professional services, and solutions growth across cyber, AI/ML, cloud, digital engineering, secure mobility, and digital transformation with District Defend across DOJ and DoD/ COCOM markets. Key Responsibilities include:

•Demonstrate and Setup District Defend pilots with Joint Combatant Commands, DoD, and OIG (Office of Inspector General) offices
•Demonstrate and educate Booz Allen Project Managers on how to fulfill Cyber Security needs for current and existing onsite clients with in-person and virtual demonstrations of District Defend
•Assist Joint Combatant Commands and OIG (Office of Inspector General) offices with the needed consulting and/or management to fulfil missions and won projects.
Closed projects with SOCOM, DISA, JSOC, and INDOPACOM for total of $7M
•Work with end users on delivery of Cyber Security needs and customizations of District Defend
•Work with the following Virtual Desktop and cloud hosting partners: Amazon Web Services, Citrix, Microsoft Azure and VMware
•Work with hardware manufacturers such as Dell, HP, Panasonic, Getac, and Microsoft for secure mobile devices
•Establish and work with reseller partners to fulfil small business and Federal Government contract requirements.
•Working with multiple manufacture partners for endpoint communications (4/5G, Satellite, and
WAN)

Cradlepoint, Boise, ID.
Regional Account Manager November 2019- February 2022

Responsible for providing assisting needs for Wireless LAN with DOJ, OIG, USMC, DoS, State/Local Government and Major Contractors in Virginia and Washington DC. Key Responsibilities include:

•Recipient of the 2021 Cradlepoint Summit Club award for achieving 129% of Sales Quota
• Work with K-12, Higher Education, Emergency Responders, State and Local Government, and OIG (Office of Inspector General).
•Responsible for 2 Inside Sales Representatives covering State/Local and Federal. Also a Sales Engineering Manager for Custom Applications.
•Build and Design Wireless LAN Backups and Mobile 4G/5G solutions for County and State agencies such as Virginia State Police, Metropolitan Police, Fairfax County Police, Stafford County Police, and Virginia Dept of Transportation.
•Work with manufactures such as Axon, Kajeet, Dell, HP, Panasonic, Getac, and Microsoft on mobile WAN solutions for Police Fleet and School Bus Wi-Fi. Cradlepoint Certified 5G Sales Professional

DTC (Domo Tactical Communications), Herndon, Va.
Federal Account Manager. February 2018- September 2019

Responsible for working with new and current Federal Government and State and Local customers with DTC offerings. Work with Federal Agencies, DoD, Small/ Large Contractors, and State/ Local Agencies with the following solutions: Communications, Command & Control, Counter Terrorism, Surveillance, Airborne Downlinks, COFDM Video, Broadcast, Fluid Self-Healing IP Mesh, Covert Audio and Video, Tagging, Tracking, Locating and Cellular, and Unattended Ground Sensors.
•
•Work on solutions and services with DOJ, DoD, DEA, ATF, DHS, FBI, US Army, USAF, USMC, NCSI, SPAWAR, USMC, FDA, OIG (Office of Investigation) groups, and GAO on tracking and communication systems
•Work with State and Local Police Criminal Investigation Divisions across the United States with tracking and surveillance projects
•Build and lead a US Partner program to assist and resell DTC products to end users
•Use consultative sales to assist customers on new and existing projects
•Build partnerships/ relationships with large Federal contractors such as Leidos, Northrop Grumman, Boeing, Harris, and HPE.

Pelican/ Hardigg, South Deerfield, Ma.
Business Development Federal Sales September 2013- Current
Responsible for providing new Federal business to 6 Regional Sales Representatives covering the Federal Government across the United States. Providing Advanced Case Solutions to the Federal Government and Large Federal Contractors for deployable systems. Work with the end users to design and manufacture protective case solutions for critical and sensitive equipment that is deployed out into the field. Key Responsibilities include:
Business Development with Federal agencies such as Dept. of Justice, NOAA, FCC, Department of State, Department of Homeland Security, Center for Disease Control, NASA, USAF, Army, USMC, Navy, and Department of Veterans Affairs
Establish Relationships with Large Contractors such as Boeing, Unisys, Lockheed Martin, General Dynamics, Serco, Raytheon, SAIC, and Northrop Grumman.
Work with manufactures such as Dell, HP, and Microsoft on ruggedized case solutions for their hardware.
Build relationships with new clients to set up face to face appointments, speaking at conferences, webinars, and sales calls.
Designed and implemented Sales Training for Distributors and Resellers. (CDWG, Fed Store, Ingram Micro, Synnex, and Blue Tech.)
Responsible for maintaining a new CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Salesforce for distribution of new projects and opportunities for Regional Sales.
Responsible for weekly meetings with Regional Sales to provide updates on Federal Business to the VP.
Train and develop creative sales practices with Regionals and Distributors for Pelican/ Hardigg Advanced Case Solutions
Setup reseller partnerships and multiple Non-Disclosure Agreements with other Small Businesses (8a, SBA, SDVOB, Women Owned, and Native American) to close opportunities within the Federal Government.

Omnitron Systems Technology, Irvine, Ca.
Director of Federal Sales April 2010- September 2013
Responsible for new and existing sales for Omnitron Systems Technology to the Federal Government. Achieving new business selling end-to-end Fiber Access Media Converter hardware. Help end users design and manufacture carrier Ethernet Network Interface Devices, multiplexers and intelligent media converters used for Federal Government agencies. . Omnitron's fiber optic connectivity products enable the delivery of next-generation network services over existing fiber infrastructure, and seamless integration of dissimilar network media and data. Also responsible for marketing our hardware to Federal, State and Local, Higher Education, Sales Channels, and Distributors. Key Responsibilities include:
Business Development with Federal agencies such as Department of Justice, Department of Energy, NOAA, FCC, Department of State, Department of Education, Department of Homeland Security, Center for Disease Control, NASA, USAF, Army, USMC, and Department of Veterans Affairs
Establish Reseller and Distribution Channels with Large Contractors such as Boeing, Unisys, Lockheed Martin, General Dynamics, Verizon Business, GTSI, CDWG, Raytheon, SAIC, and Northrop Grumman.
Build relationships with new clients to set up face to face appointments, speaking at conferences, webinars, and sales calls.
Designed and implemented Corporate Capability Statement
In charge of updating and informing others of Federal Contracts that Omnitron is part (SEWP, GSA, and NIH CIO-SP2i)
Responsible for researching and maintaining a new CRM (Customer Relationship Management) ACT!
Develop and maintain strong relationships with new and past customers by setting up meetings with CTOs, Engineers, Contract Specialist, Project Managers, and Product Managers.
Follow opportunities at a strategic and tactical level with Federal, State, and Local Governments customers.
Setup reseller partnerships with other Small Businesses (8a, SBA, SDVOB, Women Owned, and Native American) to close opportunities within the Federal Government.

XPAND Corporation, Reston, Va.
Director of Sales and Marketing December 2008- April 2010
Responsible for providing the CEO and COO of XPAND and Cyberex achieve new business selling end-to-end IT expertise encompassing website architecture/design, programming, database implementation, web services, hosting, Emergency notification, and Geographic Information System (GIS) implementation. Also responsible for marketing our services to Commercial, Federal, State and Local, and Higher Education through Web 2.0 Marketing, websites, Blog Postings, LinkedIn, Twitter, White Papers, and Business Partnerships. Key Responsibilities include:
Continued Business Development with Federal agencies such as Department of Justice, Department of Energy, NOAA, FCC, Department of State, Department of Education, Department of Homeland Security, Center for Disease Control, and Department of Veterans Affairs
Consulted with North Carolina, Minnesota, Virginia, Maryland, DC, and West Virginia State Governments to help implement updated Information Database Systems and Emergency Notification Services.
Built relationships with new clients to set up face to face appointments, speaking at conferences, webinars, and sales calls.
Introduced XPAND to Web 2.0 Marketing (LinkedIn, Twitter, Face book, MySpace, and Etc.)
Designed and implemented Corporate Capability Statement
In charge of updating and informing others of XPAND, Inc. Government Contracts (MD CATSII, GSA, and NIH CIO-SP2i)
Responsible for researching and maintaining a new CRM (Customer Relationship Management)
Develop and maintain strong relationships with new and past customers by setting up meetings with CTOs and CEOs
Assist in maintaining updated information on the XPAND, Inc. website
Follow opportunities at a strategic and tactical level with Federal, State, and Local Governments customers
Setup partnerships with other Small Businesses (8a, SBA, SDVOB, Women Owned, and Native American) to close opportunities within the Federal and State Government.
Work with partners to develop new business (Microsoft, HP, Mercury, ESRI, IBM, Endeca, and Macromedia)

SpectraRep, a BIAfn Financial Network Company. Chantilly, Va.
Business Development/ Account Executive April 2006- December 2008

Responsible for providing the President and the Vice President of Federal Solutions achieve new business selling SpectraRep Enterprise Software solutions including, Active Access, Alert Manager, Incident One, Distance Learning and Consulting services. Lead a team of five sales representatives in the Commercial, Federal, State and Local, and K-12 sales of Active Access, an online alerting and advertising tool. Prospecting and qualifying customers through cold calling and creative marketing. Key responsibilities included:
Assisted in 5.1 million dollar sale with FEMA
Exceeded personal sales quota by 1.3 million for a total of 3.8 million in 2008
Sold services to Federal agencies such as Dept. of Homeland Security, Army, NOAA, FCC, Dept. of State, and Dept. of Education on their emergency notification systems.
Sold consulting services to North Carolina, Florida, Virginia, Maryland, DC, and West Virginia State Governments to help implement updated Emergency notification services for higher education.
Built relationships with new clients by speaking at conferences, face to face appointments, webinar meetings, and sales calls.
Generated and managed a large customer database with Marketing and the Vice Presidents
Follow opportunities at a strategic and tactical level with commercial and Federal, State, and Local Governments customers
Developed and maintained strong relationships with customers by setting up meetings with Government Officials, Emergency Alerting Managers, CIO’s, and CE
Worked with data casting, video conferencing, closed captioning, text alerting, and enterprise security
Responsible for cross selling BIAfn customers with SpectraRep and Active Access services
Responsible for researching and maintaining a new CRM (Customer Relationship Management) solution for BIAfn and SpectraRep
Managed tradeshows for SpectraRep products

Vance International. Oakton, Va.
Director of Business Development October 2005- February 2006
(Laid off after company acquisition)

Responsible for assisting the Vice President of Guard Services, Vice President of Alliances and Business Strategy, and multiple outside sales representatives in achieving new business and cross selling with current clients. Prospecting and qualifying customers through cold calling and creative marketing. Key responsibilities included :

Assisting in the success of the annual sales goal of 3.2 million dollars
Personal sales of 1.1 million through business development
Built relationships with new clients to arrange appointments and sales calls for Outside Sales Reps and Vice Presidents
Generated and managed a large customer database with Marketing and Vice Presidents
Followed opportunities at a strategic and tactical level with commercial customers such as SAIC, CSC, Northrop Grumman, and Boeing.
Worked with Army, Air Force, Coast Guard, and Navy bases to provide additional security when needed.
Developed and maintained strong relationships with customers by setting up meetings with Security Managers and CEOs
Researching and assessing sales opportunities.
Manager of 4 Inside and 2 Outside Sales Representatives
Cross selling other Vance services with current clients and customers
Contributed to the company’s entrance into the Federal Government for guard services

Intellitactics, Inc. Reston, Va.
Client Development Manager March 2005- September 2005
(Laid off after company budget issues)

Responsible for assisting seven Outside Sales Representatives in achieving their monthly quotas. Prospecting and qualifying customer leads with the appropriate GSA, State, Open Market, and Commercial contracts for Intellitactics, Inc. SIM (Security Information Management) Enterprise software. Key responsibilities included:
Assisting sales reach the 10.1-million-dollar annual goal
Personal sales of 1.2 million through business development and cold calling
350-thousand-dollar deal with U.S. Mail
Worked with HHS, DOJ, DHS, Dept. of Treasury, NOAA, FAA, and Dept. of Energy on upgrading their network security.
Setting up appointments, sales calls, and meetings for Outside Sales Reps
Generated and managed a large customer database with Marketing.
Followed opportunities at a strategic and tactical level with commercial and Government customers.
Developed and maintained strong relationships with customers by using online demonstrations of Intellitactics, Inc. security software.
Researched and assessed sales opportunities.

Spectrum Systems, Inc. Fairfax, VA.
Account Manager March 2004 – March 2005
(Laid off after company budget issues)

Responsible for carrying quota, prospecting, and qualifying leads with appropriate GSA, State, and Open Market contracts for Network Management and Security products. Over doubled projected sales goals set forth by the company. Key responsibilities included:

Reached monthly quota and annual quota of 2.3 million in sales.
Acted as the company liaison between accounts such as Century Software, Esker, Fortinet, iRise, Ivis, Lancope, Netscreen, Sonic Wall, and Juniper
Generated and managed a large number of transactions, while maintaining a sizable profit
Drove opportunities at a strategic and tactical level with commercial and Government customers
Maintained high organizational skills while prioritizing on a continuous basis to ensure that time and resources were spent where best warranted
Developed and maintained strong relationships with procurement agents from NIH, DOD, Army, DISA, Dept. of Agriculture, Dept. of Energy, and NIH.
Assessed sales opportunities

Insight Public Sector (formerly Comark Government & Education Sales). Chantilly, VA
Inside Account Representative March 2002- March 2004

Personally reached 5.4 million dollar annual quota for the Army
Managed a variety of Government contracts (GSA, ET-1, and ADMCI)
Utilized Government bid websites including GSA Advantage, Fed Bid, and Bid Radar
Responsible for working with representatives from civilian Government agencies and contractors such as GSA, DEA, FBI, CIA, Dept of Justice, Dept of State, EPA, Dept of Treasury, NIH, Social Security Administration, Lockheed Martin, SAIC, and Northrop Grumman to fulfill computer hardware and networking needs
Coordinated with HP, Cisco, Computer Associates, Compaq, 3Com, IBM, Microsoft, Acer, and other vendors to research and develop large deal bids and quotes for lower competitive pricing
Arranged meetings between Outside Sales Reps with new & existing clients for future procurement opportunities and to maintain high quality customer service
Compiled and submitted weekly reports of all contacts made and ongoing client needs to the Sales Manager
Assisted clients with problematic orders and followed-up to verify that corrected item(s) had been received

CERTS/ LICENCES

EDUCATION

Cradlepoint Certified Network Associate 2.0 (CCNA)
Cradlepoint Certified Network Professional (CPCNP)
Cradlepoint Certified Sales Associate 2.0 (CCSA)
West Virginia University, Homeland Security Planning for Campus Presidents

Kennesaw State University, Kennesaw, GA
Bachelor’s in mass communications/ Minor in Art August 1999-May 2001

Northern Virginia Community College, Manassas, VA
Associates in Business and Minor in Arts and Humanities, December 1998
Contact this candidate