Ehsan Pervaiz
Ehsan Pervaiz
Business Development Manager Forex
Executive summary:
More than 5 years of managing and leading sales infrastructure setup and teams. Core understanding of brokerage business, maximizing profit, establishing risk payment system in an unregulated market. Able to roll up sleeves to pull and analyze the data. Understand what data is needed and scale across the region
Strong communicator: outstanding executive-level verbal and written communication skills, ability to clearly explain complex business problems and build business cases and quantitative models that will inform and influence operations strategy. Entrepreneurship mentality: Must be a self- starter and leader that assumes the risks and rewards of running an innovative sustainable operation. Cross-cultural interpersonal skills: Able to build and manage strong relationships with their team, cross-functional colleagues, and external partners. Passion for crypto and digital assets. Experience with high-growth settings: comfort working in a high growth, constantly changing environment.
Key achievements:
Regional Manager. Successfully introduced multiple payment systems in countries like India, Pakistan, Bangladesh. Ensured 150% growth in business in Pakistan, India. Developed 2 markets for the current broker from scratch and created a benchmark in the company. Hired 3 business development managers across the countries. Established 2 regional offices for partners Sales Manager. Achieved month on month 125% sales target. Increased trading volume from 1 Million to 5 Million USD. Achieved 53% on customer retention. Introduced two new payment system for Bangladesh, India & Pakistan Manage a team of 3 people. Total deposit per month increased to 1 million. Established partners offices in India, Pakistan & Bangladesh. Key Account Manager. Managed a team of 4 sales professionals. Achieved 3% month- on-month growth in existing accounts. Increased customer retention by 12%. Reactivated 9 key accounts, utilizing persuasion/mediation skills. Proactive planning led to notable increase in morale in all departments.
Experience:
Current (2023) –CEO At Specta Communications (Payment Provider) Local payment system solution, mainly focused on South Asia market, India, Pakistan & Bangladesh. Currently serving Weltrade, Exness. It is also serving gaming & betting companies. Xirla-Pay is a API based, banking and wallet-based services. 2019-23 – Regional Business Development Manager, Weltrade (Forex Trading Broker) Key responsibilities:
4-year experience in starting up a business from scratch, setting up offices across the countries, establishing payment systems in different South Asian countries Initiating, implementing, and overseeing the goals & objectives of India- Pakistan-Bangladesh Drive the new Business for Forex products directly by actively managing the sales process i.e., leads generation, IB management, scheduling meetings, explaining the product, negotiation and closing. Building and maintaining business relationships with clients for future Forex needs. Develop overall BD strategic action plans to ensure achievement of revenue targets.
Developed sales plans, goals, strategies and objectives to achieve team goals and revenue objectives.
Ehsan Pervaiz
Tracked monthly sales to generate reports for business development planning.
Maintained professional network of potential clients and business opportunities.
Prepared sales production reports for senior management.
Delivered sales presentations focused on offerings and unique advantages over competitors.
Manage a team of customer support representatives and maintain customer satisfaction. 2018 – 2019 Document Verification Executive, Etisalat, Dubai Key Responsibilities:
Verify accuracy of records in accordance to regulatory and internal requirements.
Planning, assigning and review of all verification operations.
Proper documentation of Verification projects for easy auditing.
Manage operational relationship with Verification field agents and service provider Education:
Education:
Intermediate
F,Sc(Pre-Engineering)
1ST Division
Session 2014
GPGC Collage Abbottabad Kpk PK
Bachelor
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA)
CGPA: 3.1
Session 2016
Allama Iqbal University Islamabad Pk
Currently Pursuing MBA Project Management,
Abbott University Pakistan (PK)so Information:
Languages:
English / Hindi / Punjabi / Urdu
Personal Information:
Current location: Islamabad, Pakistan
Phone: +92-314*******
DOB: 16-Oct-1995
Nationality: Pakistani
Passport: RD3990601
E-mail: ad7o74@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate