Time Management
Business Development
Strategic Planning
Financial Reporting
Negotiation Skills
Client Relationship Management
Team Leadership
Communication
Operations Management
*** *********tion Savannah
Project Manager
Daily inspections of building and structures to determine where the mold damage, water damage and fire damage where located and the estimates to repair .
Asses property damaged caused by fire, water, mold and weather disasters
Execute all water mitigation and extraction services Decontaminate and deodorize indoor space
Monitor and complete drying process
Detailed cleaning of structure and contents
Document all work in software applications
Provide excellent customer service that translate into online reviews Communicate regularly with management and office personnel Establish and maintain a schedule to ensure all services are delivered in a timely manner.
Prepare room / areas for job activities, Set up staging area / containment and equipment for each project
Training and scheduling for new employees
June2023 - December 2023
BUSINESS OPERATIONS MANAGER
787-***-**** · ad7p84@r.postjobfree.com 103 Daylily dr Springfield, GA 31329
FRANCIS A . HERNANDEZ
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
STRENGTHS AND EXPERTISE
Highly motivated and professional Manager with over 7 years of experience providing high- level support to sales representatives. Proficient in managing calendars, organizing meetings and events, handling confidential documents, and communicating with internal and external stakeholders. Possess exceptional communication and interpersonal skills with a proven ability to work independently and as part of a team. I served as a military police in the armed forces and protect lives and property by enforcing military laws and regulations. Also, responsible for controlling traffic, preventing crime, and responding to emergencies. I was responsible of investigating incidents and collect and safeguard pertinent evidence. Plan, organize, and lead troops and activities in military operations. Training new recruits
Inmates transfer
911 Emergency Dispatch
Answer emergency calls
Monitor of Alarms on Post
Military Police U.S. Army Fort Stewart, Hinesville December 2020- April 2023 In Home Expert AT&T Paramus NJ March 2018 - December 2020 Provide in person device set up. and tech support for customers smart phones, tablets and other consuming electronics
Resolve Operational issues on customer devices other equipment and connectivity Education and device optimization suggestions
Upgrade of exciting accounts
Handle customers escalations and promoting a positive experience Achieving quotas
Managing activities to sell our products
Assist to trainings to stay up to date in the electronics business Managed the performance of team members, conducted performance appraisals, and suggest promotion recommendations
Engaged customers to quickly identify needs, negotiate contracts and close sales. Coordinated sales programs to capitalize on revenue opportunities and maximize profitability.
Skillfully count daily cash, prepare deposits and update financial records with current totals.
Worked closely with all sales personnel to assist with routine sales and handle advanced issues
Established ambitious quotas and helped each team member implement a personalized plan to achieve targets.
Trained t the sales team how to connect with customers and build long-term, productive relationships.
Interviews and recruitment
Manager, Victra Paramus NJ November 2017- March 2018 Education
Turabo University, Gurabo Puerto Rico August 2006- May 2009 2 Yeasd of Accounting
Contact this candidate