MICHAEL NOEL
Sumner WA, ***** 206-***-**** ad7pc0@r.postjobfree.com
SALES DIRECTOR AND BUSINESS LEADER
Awardwinningsalesdirectorandbusinessleaderoffering20+yearsofsuccessandexpertiseincardiovascularimaging, hemodynamicmonitoring,picturearchivingandcommunicationsystems,andITsolutionsales.Adeptatdevelopingand leading highly effective sales organizations,capturing sales in critical sectors,and capitalizing on opportunities, regardless of the market conditionorbusinesschallenge.Solidtrackrecordofdeliveringgroundbreakingandstandout results at the highest levels of business by leveraging an innovative approach to problem solving andanunwavering commitment to customer satisfaction.
AREAS OF SKILL
● New Business Development
● Team Building & Coaching
● Revenue & Market Growth
● Speaking & Presentations
● Team Supervision & Leadership
● Territory Account Management
● KPI Performance Management
● Partnership/Alliance Building
● Negotiation & Closing
● Planning & Forecasting
● Consulting Engagements
● Vendor Management
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
INFINITT Seattle, WA 2022 -2024
Regional Sales Manager
Directsalesandmarketdevelopmentstrategiesformedicalimageprocessingsoftwarecompany,focusingonhalfofthe U.S. Western Region.
● Manage sales of the company’s product portfolio to include, PACS, RIS, AI, SAAS, Cloud solutions, Digital Pathology.
● Manage all installed base accounts in the west.
MN CONSULTANTS Seattle, WA 2015 – Present
Principal Consultant and Owner
Provided consulting services to a global client base on radiology-cardiology imaging and software,with a focus on leading VC firms and hospital systems. Analyzed workflow for hospitals and imaging centers.
● Leveraged critical product and vendor knowledge, analyzed markets and competitors, and provided in-depth industry expertise across a range of consulting projects.
● Developed marketing for new products in the Picture Archiving and Communication Systems (PACS) space.
● Full time business consultant for Brainreader 2021-2022. INSPIRATA Seattle, WA Jan - 2021 –
Dec 2021
Director of Strategic Accounts
PromoteddigitalpathologyimagingmanagementsoftwaretoC-levelexecutivesandkeydecisionmakersthroughoutthe Western U.S. and Midwest territories. Focused on long term agreements and driving business to contract stage.
● Grew account base by 20% through lead generation, prospecting, networking, relationship building, impactful presentations, and negotiations.
● Drove business growth, capitalized on new opportunities, and cultivated client relationships. MACH 7 TECHNOLOGIES Seattle, WA 2016 – 2017
Business Development Director
Championedstrategyandnegotiationwithaleadingimagingcenter,achievinganetnewcustomeranda$2Mcontract. Oversaw an annual P&L of $2M for the Western U.S.,including Alaska andHawaii.CapturednewbusinessforVNA services and Cloud-based service lines. Managed a portfolio of vendor and partner relationships.
● Closed two net new opportunities with Adventist Health, with the potential for future projects.
● Identified and secured invitations for seven net new RFP projects in the Western United States. Page1of2
Michael Noel PAGE TWO
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE, continued
SECTRA NA Shelton, CT 2007 – 2015
Business Development Manager, Pacific Northwest
ManagedPACS/RISproductsales,newbusinessdevelopmentstrategies,andinstalledbaseaccounts.Oversawhospital, government,andmilitaryaccountsacrosseightstatesintheNorthwesternU.S.andWesternCanada.Managedanannual P&L of $5M for all business opportunities.
● Secured 28 net new accounts, recognized as the #1 salesperson in 2014, and achieved a top-3 ranking for YoY sales each consecutive year.
● Delivered groundbreaking results for Sectra, including the first RIS sale, first large-scale SAN solution sale, first Sectra visualization table sale in the world, and first disaster recovery contract ($1.4M over seven years).
● Captured a key account and generated more than $8M in sales with Proliance Surgeons, Proliance is one of the largest orthopedic firms in the United States, with 60+ member offices in the Pacific Northwest.
● Created a Cloud-based PCS environment, virtualized the database to reduce costs, and negotiated contracts with service providers, this project delivered a 10-year contract valued at approximately $5M, reduced duplicate examinations by 95%, and delivered satisfaction scores of up to 98.9%.
● Pioneered and launched NW ImageShare, an online solution for sharing medical images among medical professionals, imaging centers, and hospitals.
SIEMENS MEDICAL SOLUTIONS USA Malvern, PA 2003 – 2007 Product Sales Manager, Seattle District
Managedandgrewhospitalandgovernmentsalesforallcardiacsolutions,includingAxiomArtisX-raysystems,Axiom SensisHemodynamicsystem,AxiomSensisElectrophysiologysystem,andStereoTaxis.Ledproductpromotionandsales and collaborated with account executives to close opportunities for cardiac imaging and IT solutions.
● Played key role on a team that generated more than $11M in new business in a single year, across a five-state territory covering the Northwestern United States.
● Sold the first Large Plate FD for cardiac in the northwest, led activities throughout the full sales process, including site visits, quote generation, RFP responses, and meetings to close deals with clients.
● Sold the first Bi-Plane Magnetic Navigation room on the west coast to the Oregon Health & Science University
(OHSU), managed a lengthy sales cycle, with many site visits and meetings to complete this $7M sale. AWARDS
● Four-Time Recipient – Top Sales Award, Sectra (2009, 2011, 2013, and 2015)
● Two-Time Recipient – Outstanding Achievement Award, Vari-X (1996 and 1997)
● Golden Feat Award, Vari-X (1995)
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Networking Fundamentals MMS Institute – Seattle, WA Systematic Sales Training Systema Corporation – Seattle, WA Management Skills Development American Management Association – Dallas, TX Fundamentals of Cardiac Imaging Vari-X – Irvine, CA Management Skills Ziglar, Inc. – Seattle, WA
Achieving Global Leadership Z. Miller – Seattle, WA Page2of2
Contact this candidate