Curriculum Vitae of Mirza Abu Sayed

Mirza Abu Sayed
*/*,*****-*,********, Dhaka-1207
Contact no:+880**********
E-mail: ad7qnw@r.postjobfree.com
Objective: To develop a career in challenging averment with excellent career development prospects and heard work, strict discipline, and creative solving problem are the corner stone of success.
A.Key Competencies:
Ability to ensure the smooth operation of restaurant.

Thorough knowledge of F & B operation of different outlet.

Ability to ensure prompt, courteous and high profile service standard for the customers.

Comprehensive knowledge of food and drink service.

Efficient supervisory skills to train up the staffs to ensure successful operation
of the restaurant.

Habituated to provide various kinds of menu as per customer requirement.

Skills on different types of banquet service and table decoration.

Thorough knowledge on providing different kinds of menu like Thai, Chinese, Indian, Continental and Bangladeshi food.

Efficiency on diagnostic pricing and costing of different food items as well as raw items.
B. Job Experience
*Working as a Banquet Manager at pink city convention hall, House no-15, Road No-103, Gulshan Pink City Pink,city shopping complex, Gulshan-2, Dhaka-1212.

*.F & B Supervisor at Baton Rouge restaurant, House no-15, Road No-103, Pink City, Gulshan-2, Dhaka-1212.
To report the restaurant manager get the information about the day to day operation
To ensure the highest stander of service and quality, quantity, and cleanliness.

*Staff training to be provided and motivation, to complete the timely staff appraisal

*Handling complaining and solve to full fell the financial objectives

*Planning budget and reach the goal.

*Guest analysis monthly inventory report to submit, control the breakage.

*Show ambition,passion and enthusiasm towards their position

*Thrives a challenge,show determination and dedication to the company

*Manage and motivate the team members such as a supervisor, to progress the team a
managerial level

*Assist in the training of new members of staff, to ensure that’s the guest service standards is exceptional at all times.

*Ensure food quality meets company standard, recognize and performance with the team.

*Taking care the company assets, ensure teamed work.

*Submit the prospective proposal and share knowledge, and ensure up selling.

1.Asstt. Food & Beverage, Manager Fantasy Kingdom, Concord Entertainment Company Limited. Concord Center, 43 North Commercial Area, Gulshan-2, Dhaka1212, from 25th janauary2007 to 25th January 2009.
Major responsibilities are:
1. To supervise subordinates and other officers to maintain smooth operation and maintain hygienic condition of F & B.

2. Ensure direct communication and extend collaboration among all the departments of the Company.

3. Possible reduction of cost in F & B service and production as per overhead counting to ensure maximum profitability of business outlet.

4. Planning, Organizing, directing and implementing training sessions for staffs.

5. Handle guest complain and evaluate those to ensure customer satisfaction to improve the congenial atmosphere of the restaurants.

6. Deal with Promotional activities/Packages and prepare different kinds of menu as per customer demand consulting with the Marketing Department.

7. Provide thorough support for establishment of F & B department with all out let . Sales analysis based on costing and pricing, coordinate closely with Purchasing Department to cover all necessary demands of F & B Departments to ensure smooth run of the outlets.

2) Asstt.Manager Restaurant F & B department,Moven Pick,Resort Al-Nawras,P.O.Box-14018,Jeddah-21424,Jedda,Kindom of Saudia Arabia, From February 18th 2003 to August 06th, 2006

Major responsibilities are:
To present in the respective outlet in time with complete grooming & dress up before 15 minutes of duty starts.
Meet the restaurant in Charge /Manager/Assistant Manager & get the operational information
Take the charge of waiter & brief them about the days operation
Trained the staffs & give them produced knowledge
Check the Mis-en-please side station, set up & reservation
Check the personal hygiene & grooming of waiter, waitress
Taking the order & up sell the product
Ensure the customer that the right things is going to his or her table what they ordered & the type of cooking is perfect
World class service to be guaranteed, Food standard to be checked
Maintain cleanliness,Receive the complain & solve it
Satisfy the customer, Financial objective to taking care, Taking care of company assists
Monthly inventory to complete, Minimize the cost & breakage record
Submit the correct bill to the guests, Wish the Guests

3)Sr.Captain Waiter
The West in Jeddah Hotel, Jeddah,Kingdom of Saudia Arabia From December 11th 2001 to December 11th 2003
4) Captain waiter:Sheraton Al- Harthyah, P.O.Box-7714, Medina Monowara,Kindom of Saudia Arabia,From Octobor 25th 2000 to November 19th 2001 .
5) Waiter :Dhaka Sheraton Hotel,1-No, Minto Road,P.O.Box-504,Dhaka-1000, Bangladesh, From 07th May-1998 to 26th June-2000.
C.Idustrial Traning and Technical Cours
1.National Hotel & Training Institute,Parjatan Corporation,National Tourism Organization,Cours:Food & Beverage Service.23rd August 1998 to 25th December1998.
2. Industrial Attachment with the Food & Beverage Service From Dhaka Sheraton Hotel from 24th January 1999 to 25th March 1999.
3. Attending the Guest.
4. Answering The Phone.
5. Entering and Leaving the Guest Room.
6. Groming and Appearance.
7. Handling Guest Complain.
8.Handling Guest Request
D.Award
1. Certificate of "Basic Leadership" from MOVEN PICK AL-NAWRAS RESORT jeddah at the date of 13th february-2005.
2. Certificate of Appreciantion from King Fahad Armed Forces Hospital,at the date of 3rd March-2004.
3.Certificate of "Excellent Performance" The MOVEN PICK AL-NAWRAS RESORT Team. At The Date Of 10th November-2004.
E. Academic Qualifications:
1. Bachelor of Commers,Mohamad pur Central Collage, 1995, Dhaka.1207.
2. Higher Secondare,Tej Gaow Collage,Farmgate,Dhaka, Dhaka Board.1992

3. Secondary School CertificateLalmatia Boys High School Dhaka Board.1990

F. Language Proficiency: Strong verbal and written ability in Bengali and English.Can able to speak up in Hindi,Urdu and Arabick
G.Computer Proficiency:Proficient in MS-office package like MS Word, Excel, Power point, Access, Internet Browsing etc.

H.Biography:

Name :Mirza Abu Sayed
Father’s Name :Dr.S Mirza
Permanent Address :7/6,Block-a,Lalmatia,Dhaka-1207,
Bangladesh.
Date of Birth : July 22, 1974
Nationality : Bangladeshi by birth.
Religion :Islam
Passport No :P0074502
I.INTEREST AND ACTIVITIES :
*Active participation of food festival outlet promotion and improving of revenue
*My aim : To provide excellent service standard to the guest
*My promotion : Seasonal Fruit promotion
: Food promotion
: Food Festival
*My Target : To reach the hotel budget in the sale
*Why to employ me : Good vision for develop work technique
Good deal with team work
Ability to up load duties
Ready to working in anytime, any place.
Traveling, book reading, to intensify knowledge about new issues, listening instrumental music, aggressive tendency to take challenge and so on.

I am confident that I can get well served with the work of your esteemed organization. Earliest if an opportunity is offered to serve as you need. I can execute my work to the entire satisfaction of the company. I do hereby declare that the above mentioned facts are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Yours Truly,

Mirza Abu Sayed
Contact this candidate