JASON SAGANSKI
** ******** *****
Skillman, NJ **558

Mobile: 908-***-****

ad7q2t@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

Extensive experience in marketing/sales development and execution, cross functional team building/leadership. Technical product acumen and product management. Proven expert developing training on associated products to sales colleagues and customers. Development of channel programs and company messaging. Excel, Access, Power Point, Word, Photoshop, Salesforce, SAP

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

DUAGON, Blue Bell, PA September 2023 – Present
Technical Sales Manager
Generated over 1.5m in sales in Q4 2023
Managed relationship of largest train manufacturers within NA, along with key medical device manufacturer.

UNISYS, Remote, NJ March 2022 – March 2023
Manager, Partner Enablement
Providing the global, selling community with the right content and tools, at the right time, to help drive sales.
Creation of solution sales training content for the selling & partner community
Development and delivery of mixed modalities of training including but not limited to on-demand,
self-guided learning paths, live segments and global sales kickoff
Development and execution of sales methodologies and correlated trainings
Prospecting and onboarding new partner and alliance members

KIOXIA (formerly Toshiba Memory America, Inc.), Parsippany, NJ September 2019 – August 2020
Sr. Account Development Manager
Grow Kioxia SSD products within the data center and financial institutions.
Achieved quota of 250k+ in first half. Developed pipeline of 1m+ for 2021

AMD, Austin, TX July 2019 – September 2019
Business Development Manager/Sales Solution Specialist
Responsible for AMD server growth at SHI

TRIMBLE MAPS, Princeton, NJ January 2017 – June 2018
Sales Engineer
Worked with strategic partners and customers to align roadmaps and focus to deliver superior solutions helping customers take their operations to the next level of performance utilizing ALK web services and JavaScript maps.
Drove integrations that provide the fastest time to benefits on solution implementations to generate rapid payback.
Coordinated partner and customer development resources. Developed getting started guides, best practices guides and presentations to deliver the shortest and cleanest implementations, increasing customer satisfaction and revenue.
Provided support for $500k in incremental revenue for 2017

INTEL CORPORATION, Santa Clara, CA 2000 – June 2016
Field Sales Engineer (2015 – June 2016)
Expertise focused on Intel SSD and Intel Network Interface cards. Drive marketing campaigns within National Solution Provider customer base.

Successfully trained NSP’s on 3D XPoint SSD technology along with 3D NAND and what this transition means for the industry.

Provided customer behavioral modification through development and implementation of vendor incentive rebate on Intel SSD and NIC products with sales growth 70% QoQ for Intel SSD

Uncovered potential areas/verticals for growth by analyzing MSS and NPD data.

JASON SAGANSKI
Page 2

Market Development Manager – Direct Market Reseller/National Solution Provider (2012 – 2015)
Led marketing campaigns with key accounts in several verticals including education, financial, and healthcare, managing over $800k per quarter in marketing development funds.

Received Intel’s Marketing Excellence award in 2014, delivering breakthrough DMR performance. One of only five to receive the award in all of the Americas.
Drove substantial growth in the Intel Direct Reseller Edge program (online training), resulting in over 1200 registrations in two quarters.

Created awareness for 2n1, tablets and server within customer base, setting stage for record sales.

Drove sales and unit growth up to 120% YoY in account base.

Training efforts touching more than 10k customer sales representatives.

Channel Product Manager – Intel Solid State Drive (2009 – 2012)
Developed and executed marketing campaigns around Intel SSD’s. Managing roughly $300k per quarter of budget. Analyzed market data to grow MSS for Intel SSD.

Achieved record overall SSD sales (units and $), delivering greater than 150% growth YoY.

Utilized social and external media to drive 500k actions from our customers and marketplace impact that totaled 16 million impressions.

Worked with various marketing and creative agencies to achieve impressions and awareness.
Led cross team integration to include SSD in other Intel segment messaging.

INTEL CORPORATION (continued)

Channel Product Manager – Intel Desktop Motherboards (2007 – 2009)

Achieved historic unit sales levels, growing business 18% YoY. Maintained or exceeded sales of $100M a year. Performance segment achieved 16% attach rate, (highest on record).

Intel Atom based sales growth of nearly 300% (y/y), reaching over 100ku for 2009.

Grew Mini ITX sales by over 170% (y/y), and North America lead geography 3 of 5 past qtrs.

Achieved best overall quarter of sales (units and $) for desktop motherboards in Q2’11 since 2008, the best in 11 quarters.

Developed and deployed Intel vPro activation program for the channel.

Channel Marketing Manager – Network Adapters/Blade Servers (2005 – 2007)
Managed Intel’s Network Adapter Division as a Channel Marketing Manager. Focus was driving business to meet $11m quota in the channel. Met or exceeded this quota quarter after quarter.

Presented webinars, producing hundreds of leads of potential new blade server customers.

Channel Marketing Manager – Telephony Products/Reseller Program (2004 – 2005)
Sold Intel’s converged communications products through distribution channel namely Avnet, Arrow, Tech Data, Ingram Micro and Alliance Systems. Secondary account focus was on building reseller channel and growing sales in telephony VAR base and penetrating data VAR market.

Lead a cross-functional team responsible for all North American channel training.

Conducted numerous effective Voiceover IP webinars with an audience of over 1400 attendees.

Independently managed the Intel® Innovative Technology Provider (IITP) Program, growing membership by 22%, and producing a high value program on a budget of $50K per year.

Ownership of Advance Warranty Replacement (AWR) Program, resulting inventory loss close to 0%, saving Intel tens of thousands of dollars.
Coordinated the transition of Intel’s 6000+ IITP members to the new Intel® Technology Provider VAR (Value Add Reseller) Program, working with the new team to communicate the new program to the Business Unit (BU), resellers and the Field.

JASON SAGANSKI
Page 3

Channel Program Manager (2003 – 2004)
Developed Intel Innovative Technology Provider Program into successful channel marketing program along with implementing Intel’s reseller strategy and tactical sales plan nationwide to meet business objectives and ensure effective use of resources.
Increased Revenue $2.1 million in first 2 quarters and grew buying customers 100%.

Took over Demo Purchase Program leading to $4.2 million in net new business.

Channel Sales Manager (2002 – 2003)
Technical Sales Engineer (2000 – 2002)

EDUCATION
B.S., Business Management, Castleton University, Castleton, Vermont
Contact this candidate