Ondrea Carter
Learning & Development Manager
Gilbert, AZ 480-***-****
ad7tje@r.postjobfree.com https://linkedin.com/in/ondreascarter

Results-driven professional with 15 years of experience leading, coaching and mentoring global cross-functional teams to deliver complex projects within budget and on time. Proven track record working with stakeholders to identify performance gaps and develop comprehensive training programs that deliver results. Skilled at conducting program analysis to confirm efficacy while leveraging project management and collaboration skills to support team success. Committed to driving improvements in sales performance through continuous improvement.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE .

●Adult Learning Principles
●Curriculum Development
●e-Learning Platforms
●Facilitation
●KPI Development
●Virtual Classroom Tools
●Competency Assessments
●LMS Management
Strategic Planning

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE .

Sensormatic Solutions of Johnson Controls Inc. Global
Global Training Program Manager (Remote) 2018 – Present

●Designed, developed, and implemented blended value selling training program for global sales teams resulting in an 11% increase in sales conversions.
●Implemented consultative selling training program focused on penetrating existing clients and new markets resulting in a 67% increase of opportunities and 25% increase of total value of pipeline.
●Launched cross selling training program which increased total number of opportunities selling two or more products by 71%.
●Developed global manager development program focused on coaching and mentorship resulting in 50% increase of manager efficacy scores and 25% decrease of employee turnover.

CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield Mid-Atlantic Region
Region Sales Training Manager (Hybrid) 2015 – 2018

●Led the development and delivery of sales enablement training programs to improve close rates, lead generation, and account growth, resulting in a 33% revenue increase.
●Conducted comprehensive analysis for training efforts, revealing a direct impact on employee productivity with a 30% lift in the quarter following intervention.
●Created a feedback system post-training that increased constructive critique by 40%, leading to more tailored and effective training modules.

TBC Corporation Southeast Region
Regional Sales Trainer (Hybrid) 2014 – 2015

●Facilitated sales strategy training program that resulted in a 15% increase in market share and a 20% increase in profitability within the first year.
●Realigned the customer service training curriculum to focus on empathy and issue resolution, dropping average customer complaints by 40%.

Kaplan College Florida
Director of Admission 2013 – 2014

●Developed team of healthcare, education and business sales representatives focusing on client discovery, active listening and closing & negotiation skills resulting in overachieving annual sale targets by 12%.
●Identified and pursued new business opportunities in the assigned area, resulting in a 20% increase in sales and a 10% increase in market penetration.
●Integrated emotional intelligence training into the leadership curriculum, resulting in a 20% increase in team cohesion and collaborative success per internal surveys.

Centura College South Carolina
Director of Admission (Hybrid) 2011 – 2013

●Developed multi-site team of sales managers, sales representatives & customer support agents focusing on increasing the customer experience resulting in exceeded sales targets by 22-25% year-over-year.
●Fostered partnership with military recruiters to offer reduced tuition for military spouses resulting in 35% increase of admissions while enhancing brand reputation as a pro-military business.

Virginia College South Carolina
Director of Admission 2010 – 2011

●Shaped team of sales representatives by redesigning sales strategies and processes resulting in a 22% overachievement of annual sales goals.
●Identified new market opportunities resulting in a 15% increase in revenue.
●Authored new hire training program reducing ramp-up time for new hires by 30%.

Kaplan University Arizona
Associate Director of Admission 2008 – 2010

●Developed sales team by focusing probing, active listening and overcoming objections techniques resulting in exceeding annual targets by 20% for two consecutive years.
●Implemented a peer-to-peer coaching system that improved first-call resolution rates by 15% and elevated team morale.
●Overhauled the company's QA processes using Agile methodologies leading to a 36% increase in module testing efficiency.

EDUCATION .

WESTERN GOVERNORS UNIVERSITY
Bachelor of Science – Business Management

CERTIFICATION.

Sales & Customer Service Trainer

ADDITIONAL SKILLS .
ADDIE, Instructional Design, LMS Administration (SumTotal, Cornerstone, Meridian), MS Office suite (Advanced) SCORM, Articulate Storyline, Adobe Captivate, Coursera, Rehearsal, Virtual Classroom Tools (Zoom, Teams, WebEx), SAP, Oracle, Power BI, ROI Analysis, Data-Driven Decision Making, Survey Design, Stakeholder Engagement

PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIP .

Association for Talent Development (ATD)
Contact this candidate