TIMOTHY G HOPKINS

Phone: 313-***-****

ad7vig@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER SUMMARY

Polymer Technical Account Manager for a range of specialty biobased and Petro based polymers. Over15 years of successful technical marketing and sales experience with increasing responsibility in polyamides, TPEs polyurethanes, polyesters, thermoplastic vulcanizates) and polymer intermediates. (a rather comprehensive list of polymer platforms)

Technical/commercial multi degreed engineer charged in application development and customer intimate business acquisition and long-term retention skills
Effective multi functional team builder and leader.
Focused on sales in the medical device, food preservation,consumer goods, durable goods, automotive and electronics markets
Natural and aggressive sales orientation with a penchant for creative thinking and consistent focus on practical and achievable profitable business growth.

CT Specialty Chemical Strategy Development/Technical Recruiter 1/2023 - 11/2023
GPAC Global Recruiting

Established individual Consultancy
Published BioPolymer Strategy for Cathay BioPolymers
Developed and executed LCDA go to market strategy for PU Coatings

TechnicalRecruiter
My role was to first be trained and learned the set of GPAC tools
Sign new clients and interviewed hiring managers to develop a binding set of potential candidate metrics
Send over potential hires
Assigned a “losing market segment “ that was an opportunity low value targets and after 6 months discontinued and reassigned to Furniture Manufacturers none of which exploited my experiences and personality

UBE Nylon Polyamide Technologies 9/2021—10/2022

UBE is a global producer of PA6 and PA6/6,6 based nylon resin technologies with a focus on cast, extruded and blow molded films that are modified to meet customer specific performance and processing metrics.

Key Account Manager (global accounts and pan regional accounts)
My role was to defend and grow sales to the largest consumers of PA6 markets in the product and food preservation industries.
This scope required “me-too” competitive selling against an entrenched market leader via extended trials focused on improved performance metrics and longer term “new” customer driven application development.

Defended 10MM dollar position in the face of significant European cost disadvantages as compared to large USA based producers.
Used product development as a tool versus strong USA producers (2) committed to driving “importers” out of market.
Led customer trials of new products addressing gas diffusion through film media and the increased approval of and use of recycled polyamide materials.

Paracoat Technologies 7/2020—4/2022

Paracoat Technologies is a regional supplier of polyamide suitable conformal coating materials, coating services, technical consultancy, and capital equipment.
PCT supplies a comprehensive range of conformal coating materials to high tech electronics such as military avionics or medical products requiring rigorous quality control and regulation sensitive applications.

Sales/Applications Engineer
My role was to grow the business in existing applications and develop/grow the use of parylene coatings into new applications such as medical products, technical molded elastomers and technical metals.
This scope requires “me-too” competitive selling against an entrenched market leader and longer term new application development.

Grew sales by $200K dollars in first six months in a combination of competitive situations and new applications in sealing materials and electronics.
Customer base is global customers and small regional electronic devices in technical and consumer applications.
Evaluating new technologies involving optical brighteners and non halogen based coatings.

Cathay Polyamide Industrial Biotech 11/2017—5/2020

Cathay is a global supplier of bio sustainable products including bio-based polyamide, bio-based DN5 (1,5-pentanediamine) and bio processed long chain dibasic acids.
These products are marketed as intermediates for a range of biopolymers such as polyamides, polyurethanes and polyesters.

Americas Business Development / LCDA Account Manager
My role was to identify and develop potential applications and to manage existing sales of commodity LCDAs in a range of CASE applications and to polyamide producers requiring C12 chain length Nylon 6.12 ie.

Key Account Responsibility: AKZO Coatings s, Axalta Coatings, Arkema Coatings, Huntsman Polyurethanes, Covestro Performance Materials, PPG Coatings, Bostik, IFS Coatings, DSM Coatings, and other regional powder coating suppliers.
Managed 15MM $$ in Sales and generated 55% Gross Margin.
Grew Sales between 2018 and 2020 of 18% to Americas, Europe and China based suppliers.
Developed application strategies in biopolyesters, long chain performance coatings and elastomers, and LCDA (commodity sales) .

MCPP Engineered Polymers Pittsburg Kansas 9/2016-11/2017
Regional supplier of bio based additives in polymer applications and sales of PU elastomer systems to polyamide encapsulant applications.

Sales/Marketing Manager
Responsible for growing technical sales of specialty Aliphatic Polyesters in the CASE industry segment leveraging my extensive polyurethanes relationships and experiences, and polyols and additives commercial background—emphasizing the PUD application platform in performance coatings and reactive adhesives applications.

I am increasingly responsible for assessing and commercializing new market opportunities for additional (non adipate polyester) COIM Group product platforms.

Key Account Responsibility: Pecora Coatings, Urethane Sciences, Parker Hannifin and others Arkema et al
Key Application Responsibility: Global PU CASE, Regional Cast Elastomers and Adhesives and microcellular foams
Managed 9MM $$ in Sales and generated 30% Trading Profit
Grew Sales Rate and by developing tolling opportunities removed company from potential bankruptcy.

COIM Polyester Polyols West Deptford NJ 6/2013- 6/2016
Global Supplier of Aliphatic and Aromatic Polyesters to the Polyurethanes Industry

North American Aliphatic Polyester Sales Manager
Responsible for growing technical sales of specialty Aliphatic Polyesters in the CASE industry segment leveraging my extensive polyurethanes relationships and experiences, and polyols and additives commercial background—emphasizing the PUD application platform in performance coatings and reactive adhesives applications.

I am increasingly responsible for assessing and commercializing new market opportunities for additional (non adipate polyester) COIM Group product platforms.

Key Account Responsibility: DOW Polyurethanes, BASF Polyurethanes, consultant role at Huntsman Polyurethanes, Bostik, IFS, Union Specialties, Allnex, C F Hauthaway, DSM, IFS, Arkema et al
Key Application Responsibility: Global PU CASE, Regional Cast Elastomers and Adhesives and microcellular foams
Managed 10MM $$ in Sales and generated 13% Trading Profit
Grew Sales Rate from mid 2013 to mid 2015 by 25% and Operating Profit by 100%
Landed seven (two small/five large) new accounts in the adhesives, performance coatings and PU foam industries

EXXON MOBIL-ADVANCED ELASTOMER SYSTEMS, Akron, OH 6/04-8/06
Global supplier of Specialty Elastomers.

Global Automotive Marketing Manager
Created and executed segment and market development strategies and product development programs ( Stage Gate) for Under Hood and Under Chassis Automotive applications.

Increased sales by $500K annually by leading Stage Gate team on product roll out and completed validation trials for new products targeting body sealing applications.
Improved revenues by $250K annually through the launch and completion of validation trials for new air induction applications and by promoting a novel injection molding process.
Improved sales activity allocations by developing and introducing a market penetration tool which quantitatively assessed opportunities, size of potential sales and degree of product penetration at the OEM-vehicle platform level creating a ‘new’ metric

ICI-HUNTSMAN POLYURETHANES, Auburn Hills, MI / West Deptford, NJ 1/95-7/03
Global Supplier of Polyurethane Chemicals and Systems.

Commercial and Market Development Manager, Footwear
Sold PU elastomer systems to NAFTA shoe manufacturers, global account manager for Nike and Timberland and led NA market assessment and product development of a novel specialty thermal plastic polyurethane.

Increased sales by 22% over two years in declining North American market.
Achieved 1000% increase in sales of developmental TPU yielding profits of 150K$$$ from a near-zero base.
Negotiated two year global agreements with Timberland and Nike that solidified leading supply position.
oEnsured product quality and design execution by policing the OEMs Asian based contract manufactures.

Business Manager, Domestic Appliances & Construction Systems
Handled P/L responsibility for America’s region sales of PU systems for domestic appliances and construction materials.

Built sales revenue from zero to $100M in three years for Domestic Appliances by creating a technical commercial team and developing strategic supplier relations.
oAchieving a 25% market share in the Americas region.
Increased sales from $15M to $30M by redirecting America’s Construction Systems business strategy which capitalized on the changing business model.

Market Manager, Rigid Foams

Marketing Manager, leader and coach for three marketing professionals responsible for opportunity assessment, strategy development and tactical execution of marketing programs for Americas Rigid Foam Markets.

ICI CHEMICALS & POLYMERS, Wilmington, DE

Distributor Sales Account Manager
Account Manager for sales of chlorinated and fluorocarbon solvents and intermediates to regional Chemical Distributors.

EDUCATION

MBA, Marketing Emphasis University of Delaware, Newark, DE
BS, Chemical Engineering, Penn State University, Park, PA

MEMBERSHIPS / AFFILIATIONS

ICI Chairman’s Roundtable Award 1991
Contact this candidate