Mark Metze Agile Coach
PURSUIT
I transform groups of individuals into high-performing teams that accomplish exceedingly more together than independently.
PHILOSOPHY
There is no one-size-fits-all formula for creating high-performing teams. I have found an effective strategy is to leverage experiments to find what resonates with teams to build trust and strong relationships.

Once customers see working software in short cycles and can collaborate with the team on what to see next, they are simply entranced. Trust is immediately established as increasing value is tangible instead of hoping that charts and graphs will materialize into value at some point in the distant future.
TRAITS
Genuinely Compassionate
Balanced and Steady
Unassumingly Confident
Sympathetic Change Agent
Inspires with Enthusiasm
Respectfully Encourages
Empathetic Listener
Welcoming Facilitator
Cordial and Humorous
HIGHLIGHTS
Experienced Agile Professional: Over 30 years of software development background as a developer, development manager, and Scrum Master allows me to truly empathize with individuals of teams while meeting the needs of the organization and satisfying customers.

Discovered My Calling: Barry Overeem’s whitepaper, The 8 Stances of a Scrum Master, catalyzed my desire to pivot from being a development manager and pursue being a Scrum Master. I sold my executive management team on the value of a Scrum Master. Finally, I successfully positioned myself to become the company’s first Scrum Master.

Conference & Podcast Speaker: Agile Online Summit (Oct 2021 and 2023) • Scrum Master Toolbox Podcast (Aug 2021) • Scrum Master Summit (May 2021)
RECOMMENDATION
“Mark is a wonderful practitioner. I've worked with Mark on numerous occasions and his depth of knowledge and practice is strong. The world could do with more people like Mark.” —Ryan Brook, Professional Scrum Trainer (PST) @ Scrum.org
A full list of recommendations is available on LinkedIn
EXPERIENCE
Only recent and relevant work experience is displayed. A full list of positions is available on LinkedIn.
Rent. [Nov 2021 - Current] Atlanta, GA
Leading two teams as Scrum Master of home and apartment rental web application through the following improvements.
●Emphasized focus that ensured strategic, time-critical features were delivered on time.
●Guided team in rewrite of web site that resulted in being the fastest performing site in its category.
●Improved sprint goal success from 60% to 100% over the last 5 sprints.
●Decreased average cycle time from 7 days to under 4 days.
Softdocs, Inc. [Jul 2011 – Nov 2021] Columbia, SC
Established the foundation of the company’s Agile journey. I fostered it by building accountable teams that understand who is using the applications they designed and why their work mattered to their customers and users.

●Replaced core applications sold by the company using feedback from customer advisory board that I chartered.
●Improved enterprise prioritization by integrating data from customer feedback portal that I established.
●Standardized the planning tool (Azure DevOps) used by all Scrum teams.
General Information Services, Inc. [Aug 2010 – Jul 2011] Chapin, SC
Prevented lawsuits with a new application to correct individuals that were improperly linked to criminal background records.

●Developed services (C#/WCF/nUnit), designed database (SQL Server) and data access (Fluent nHibernate)
●Created build scripts (Ruby)
OTHER EXPERIENCE
●Designed web application that brought the company to full compliance with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Privacy Act at TD Bank in 2009.
●Developed app to import images and metadata into the company’s CMS as a Web Architect at LEAF Specialty Finance in 2008.
●Automated mergers with other banks as a Lead Developer at AgFirst Farm Credit Bank in 2006.
EDUCATION
Clemson University Bachelor of Science: Computer Science
CONTINUED EDUCATION AND SERVICE
The Agile Within Podcast (Host) Dec 2022-Present
Badass Agile Coaching Masterclass Issued by Agile Moose, Jul 2024
Certified OKR Foundation Issued by OKR Institute, Mar 2024
Dysfunction Mapping Practitioner Issued by Honest Agile, Nov 2023
Professional Scrum with Kanban (PSK I) Issued by Scrum.org, Sep, 2023
Training from the Back of the Room-Virtual Edition Issued by Agresto Coaching and Training, Jun 2023
ICAgile Agile Team Facilitation (ICP-ATF) Issued by ICAgile, May 2023
ICAgile Agile Coaching (ICP-ACC) Issued by ICAgile, May 2023
Road to Mastery Issued by Serious Scrum, Sep 2022
Professional Agile Leadership - EBM (PAL-EBM) Issued by Scrum.org, Oct, 2022
Professional Scrum Facilitation Skills (PSFS) Issued by Scrum.org, Sep, 2022
Professional Scrum Product Owner (PSPO I) Issued by Scrum.org, Feb, 2022
Professional Scrum Master II (PSM II) Issued by Scrum.org, May 2021
Professional Scrum Master I (PSM I) Issued by Scrum.org, May 2020
Certified Scrum Master (CSM I) Issued by Scrum Alliance, Feb 2021
Certified SAFe 5 Scrum Master (SSM) Issued by Scaled Agile Inc, Aug 2021
COMPETENCIES
Agile and Lean methods: Scrum • Kanban
Software development and collaboration tools: Jira • Confluence • Azure DevOps • Slack • Microsoft Teams • Discord
Retrospective tools: MURAL • Miro • LucidSpark • Lean Coffee Table • Trello • EasyRetro
Team building: Liberating Structures • Working Agreements
Contact this candidate