Rudy Pablo Flores
**** ******* *** *** *****, CA 92154
ad7zkp@r.postjobfree.com 619-***-****
Unassuming, unselfish, and has a sincere and genuine interest in other people and a strong, intuitive understanding of telecommunications project management. Enthusiastically persuades and motivates others by considering their point of view first. An expert at efficiency who builds professional relationships to get work done at any level. Altruistic drive, directed at working with others- for the team, for the customers, and for the company. A cooperative and willing worker who can handle multiple projects at once in different markets and can be effective as a teacher or trainer, communicating company policies, programs, and systems with enthusiasm and spirit. Experience Site Development Project Manager Google June 2022 - current
● Traveled to various Hawaiian Islands to meet with jurisdictions and walk potential cell sites with American Tower and Crown Castle for a joint project between the United States Navy and Google to ensure the civilian and military spectrum did not interfere with eachother.
● Worked with a few landlords to build out new tower sites when needed from an RF Engineering prospective.Visited sites with Construction Managers in order to ensure site development would go smoothly. Developed drawings with A&E based on conversations about different jurisdictional requirements. Helped draft and get leases executed by acting as a liaison between the Google and Landlord legal teams.
● Developed relationships with different contractors to build a team that could warehouse equipment and build out sites with minimal disturbance to the landlords. Site Development Project Manager AT&T June 2021 - June 2022
● In charge of all site development activities in the San Diego market for AT&T’s generator addition initiative. Worked with A&E and construction teams to ensure quick approval of high capacity diesel generator additions to existing towers on AT&T’s cellular network.
● Worked with landlords to negotiate additional land, including rooftop generators. Submitted applications to tower companies. Worked with all jurisdictions from San Diego to Los Angeles and archived permitting procedures for planning, building, and Fire Departments.
● Successfully permitted and installed over 125 generators in the San Diego market and helped set up project for Seattle and Pacific North West for another team. Project Manager – Site Development American Tower Dec 2020 - June 2021
● Seamlessly took over a permitting project for the Sacramento market working with T-mobile to permit upgrades for 5G and microwave equipment.
● Led daily conference calls with different project managers and contractors in order to identify problems, confirm statuses, and move milestones for various site acquisition functions. Helped get over 200 sites permitted including 125 projects that had to be restarted mid-cycle because of antenna supply constraints.
● Worked closely with A&E on redlines submitted from permit expeditors and various jurisdictions. Fixed draft application issues that caused errors on mount analysis and other deliverables. Worked on landlord negotiations and renewing expired permits with municipalities
Project Manager – Quality Assurance TruNorthe May 2020 - Dec 2020
● In charge of close out package quality assurance for Los Angeles and San Diego markets. Worked with three different project coordinators to ensure close outs were perfected before submission to T-mobile on weekly meetings with SoCal directors.
● Helped edit initial build out documents to ensure they were inline with what was built out on site. Worked closely with a dozen different general contractors daily and sent out best practices/common errors emails weekly to ensure deliverables continuously improved week by week. As a team, we completed 450 submissions. Project Manager – Site Acquisition Nokia April 2019 - April 2020
● Worked with all Los Angeles and surrounding municipalities for Sprint’s fiber optic and 5G MIMO upgrades for the initial 5G small cell rollout. Worked closely with electrical, fire, building, and planning departments, city councils and landlords to document processes and move permits forward. Attended all local government hearings, posted notices, and worked with national hospital and airport authorities as needed. Consulted on over 1000 permits.
● Accounted and tracked for permit successes and errors for a team of six expeditors daily. Solved problems locally for submission logistics with team and 3rd party expeditor companies and relayed tracking of projects for the team on Trello app to Program Leads in Chicago. Worked closely with A&E on redlines.
● Worked with construction teams to forecast work once NTP was acquired. Consulted with different Zoning and Permitting Specialists in Chicago individually to streamline different municipalities processes and build relationships with City Planners and local landlords. Negotiated renewals or lease discrepancies with landlords face to face.
● Tasked with starting the project for a new team for fiber optic installs and 5G in the Bay Area. Went to different municipalities and met with city planners and started to document individual processes for the team back in Chicago. Updated SprintVision and SalesForce Engine Room and confirmed updates through daily spreadsheet trackers.
● Given the most difficult municipalities for permitting nationwide including New Orleans, Beverly Hills, Baltimore. Dealt with historic societies and local city governments to discuss fiber optic and 5G upgrades and permitting processes. Project Manager InSite Tower Agency Mar 2016 – April 2019
● Consulted with landlords for marketing and lease negotiations with telecom carriers and tower management companies. Reviewed site leases and created summaries to look for discrepancies between lease, A&E drawings, and build out of installation.
● Manages lease negotiations, site surveys, permits, zoning, electrical and crane work and construction processes and negotiates initial contracts for new builds.
● Helps set up real estate auctions for easements with holding companies and accredited investors. Setup and updates sellmycelltower.com blog and insitetoweragency.com. Project Manager Fracton Technologies June 2015 - Feb 2018 AT&T - Chicago - 2017 to 2018
● Took over project including vendor and contractor communication, landlord approvals, permits, utility work for Midwest market for Cricket and AT&T merger working remotely.
● Managed consolidation and dismantle of over 350 telecommunication installations. Identified property jurisdiction and prerequisites for construction permit approval. Obtained A&E drawings for water tank, utility, and some rooftop sites. Prepared JHA forms for contractors. Worked with AT&T to obtain NTP documents, plan construction forecasts, and approve close out packages.
● Responsible for weekly conference calls and presentations in 3 markets, explaining deltas and problems to AT&T and developing solutions to difficult rooftop removals with contractors and landlords.
● Coordinated cranes, street closures, and helicopters to remove equipment on skyscrapers in downtown Chicago. Learned AT&T Box Siterra replacement project coordination Oracle database for project milestone tracking. SigFox - Seattle - 2016 to 2018
● Worked with SigFox Vice Presidents and Directors in Seattle to coordinate pilot projects in West and Midwest markets for IoT appliance antenna tower installs.
● Worked closely with 5 different SigFox Project Managers to perfect the closeout package and other document templates for operations, tracking, closeouts, and accounting.
● Learned Internet of Things applications with industry leaders. Worked closely with American Tower on Master Lease Agreement installs in different municipalities for permits and zoning. Worked on over 200 American Tower installations and contracts.
● In charge of forecasting project completion dates, coordinating site walks and getting scopes of work approved to obtain construction permits, power installs, and confirming completion with the operations team then scheduled ongoing testing and tuning with engineering. Learned ConnectedRing site management system. AT&T - San Diego - 2016 to 2018
● Took over a project in the San Diego market for Cricket and AT&T merger starting July 2016 while consulting remotely for the final phase of the Tennessee project. Visited over 350 telecommunication installations in Southern California. Identified property jurisdiction and prerequisites for construction permit approval. Obtained A&E drawings for water tank, utility, and rooftop sites.
● Managed decommissioning of redundant sites on the network as well as some upgrades and consolidation to AT&T systems and standards. Tracked progress of project milestones and worked with contractors on scheduling work and obtained approvals for completed work from AT&T, landlords, and tower companies.
● Worked closely with AT&T management to forecast construction dates, maintain deadlines, and report progress and deltas. Led contractor conference calls to identify problems for delays and develop solutions for difficult underground vault and skyscraper sites. Saved AT&T over $2MM in last minute negotiations.
● Responsible for meeting with city officials for site walks, developing scope of work with landlords and contractors, coordinating construction schedules with multiple entities, obtaining construction permits, scheduling outages on utility lines, street closures and crane work. Would meet with public utilities, planning boards, mayors, landlords, property managers, engineers, and attorneys for site walks and for final negotiations of Cricket lease termination.
Nokia - Seattle - 2016 to 2018
● In charge of learning and developing manuals and workflow processes for new and current projects for carrier initiated maintenance, repair and upgrades nationwide.
● Set up internal ERP solutions for project collaboration and resource sharing and edited document templates for different projects and trained Project Managers using screen sharing services. Consulted on web design and SEO for Fracton Technologies.
● Helped oversee multiple contractor schedules for different projects, as well as, forecasting, setting up project construction and confirming installs with engineering and operations teams for the major telecom carriers and tower management companies.
● Worked closely with different telecommunications companies like T-Mobile, AT&T, Crown Castle, SBA, and American Tower to develop relationships and learn about future projects.
Learned how to put together bids for work with Nokia and T-mobile contracts in different markets. Learned Nokia NOLS project tracker.
AT&T - Nashville - 2015 to 2017
● Visited and managed dismantle, upgrades, and consolidation of over 500 telecommunications installations in Eastern Market visiting several states. Identified property jurisdiction and prerequisites for construction permit approval. Obtained A&E drawings for water tank, utility, and some rooftop sites.
● Defined scope of work at site walks with city officials and contractors. Negotiated with landlords for lease termination on sites with rent guarantees using AT&T financial parameters. Identified removal and restoration requirements of lease compounds and tower equipment from lease documents on an individual basis. Learned and supported team readiness on AT&T Oracle based Siterra for project tracking.
● Worked with Program Directors at AT&T to identify deltas and plan forecasts to distribute work and manage telecom construction companies. Reviewed and approved change orders from telecom contractors.
● Created and presented weekly slide deck reports to AT&T and Cricket operations staff for East Coast. Lead daily conference calls with Fracton Project Managers and Support Staff. Vice President of Acquisitions Tower Point Capital May 2014 - June 2015
● Purchased cell site easements for Alliance Bernstein and Crown Castle nationwide. Top producer on the team in Q2 of 2015. Purchased over $20 million in communications assets.
● Worked with landlords to find mutually beneficial partnership opportunities to allow our investors to purchase sites by explaining other investment options and marketing possibilities for existing telecommunications assets in partnership with T-mobile.
● Helped train new employees on technological aspects of telecommunications equipment, investment alternatives, and 1031 exchange tax incentives. Technical Account Manager WOM.me Nov 2013 - May 2014
● Consulted with real estate brokerages, capital firms, and dentists about the importance of Google Hummingbird, SEO, and online map placement as a local business.
● Reworked existing sales presentation and marketing methods and secured over 150 accounts with an average revenue stream of $250 per month. Consistently top producer each week and month.
● Worked with individual account representatives to discuss sales strategy and practice sales script and rebuttals. Worked with management to develop sales scripts for other industries.
Telecom Lease Consultant MD7 May 2013 - Nov 2013
● Consulted with landlords on a project for AT&T involving negotiations with existing cell tower leases. Worked with tower holders to amend leases to update legal language for future upgrades and rights of first refusal.
● Negotiated payment terms. Would create several proposals that included reductions of current rent and future escalation. Saved AT&T over $200,000 in 3 months and on track to double projections for next quarter.
● Dealt closely with legal team to complete amendments while maintaining good relations with site owners nationwide. Would assist in title search, financial analysis of deal terms, and submission to AT&T once approved by landlord.
Real Estate Consultant Economic Stabilization Project Feb 2009 - May 2013
● Helped setup non-profit organization contacts for revocable trusts, title, and other real estate, and legal services nationwide. Secured private investor with $6MM in startup capital. Helped over 200 homeowners and invested over $10MM.
● Set up Skype accounts, bank accounts, credit card processing, docusign, emails, and wrote sales script. Partnered with law firm for credit counseling services.
● Set clients up with revocable trusts so they could complete a HAFA short sale with their banks through an arms length transaction through our non-profit. Financial Services Manager Danielson Law Group Nov 2006 - Feb 2009
● Consolidated $55M dollars of debt as a team. Promoted in Dec 2008 for consistently hitting bonus tiers. Sat in on calls with banks and lenders to track progress for clients.
● Distributed leads to team, managed clients with high debt and clients who could settle accounts quickly. Helped close sales from sales team on live transfers.
● Oversaw compliance, incomplete submissions, contacting canceled clients, and back end support. Worked with lawyers to ensure sales script was under regulation. Online Business Consultant Mitraflo Flash Productions Nov 2006 - Oct 2009
● Responsible for cold calling, setting up sales meetings, selling, creating and updating Flash websites for small and medium sized businesses in San Diego.
● Learned HTML, Flash, and basic PHP and MySQL for online shopping carts and interactive websites for over 35 small businesses in San Diego.
● One of the first companies that would utilize video client testimonials and workout blogs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DShNLuPQjZA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nt6vQJaksyA
Enterprise Sales Representative CompUSA Aug 2004 - Oct 2006
● Responsible for cold calling, setting up sales meetings, and creating new Southern California and Baja California business sales and solutions Net 30 purchase accounts for businesses and municipalities selling all technology hardware and software.
● Recognized as one of the top salesman nationwide in 2005 selling over $500,000 of hardware, software, and business service solutions. Sold over $200,000 of printing solutions with HP corporate to the Baja California State Government.
● Solidified major Net 90 accounts with various Qualcomm contacts at different buildings and sold a complete $250,000 wireless network solution to Barona Casino including hardware, installation, and ongoing technical support. Proficiencies Bilingual - Spanish and English Fluent - Reading, Writing, Conversational Project Management Permitting Right-of-Way Lease Negotiations Performance Management Project Development Contract Negotiations Windows Microsoft Office Suite Professional Project Excel CRM Siterra Oracle ConnectedRing NOLS Zoning Permitting Right of Way SalesForce SprintVision Siterra MagentaBuilt! 5G 4G Fiber Optics 3G Local Wi-Fi Cloud Based Systems Edge Fog Computing Machine Learning Applications Internet of Things (IoT) Capital Acquisition Investor Relations Projections and Forecasting Trend Analysis Sales Support Marketing and Community Relations
Contact this candidate