ROHAN WOLF
West Columbia, SC *****
803-***-****
ad7z47@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Seasoned management professional with proven success in all levels of the hotel services industry. Concentrates eff orts on high guest satisfaction and maintenance of brand standards. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and a ccomplish revenue goals in difficult economic times. Experienced in leading teams focused on accomplishing optim um guest satisfaction, sales potential and profitability. Skilled negotiator, multi-lingual, tech-savvy with counseling background. Versatile Manager focused on team building and talent development. Driven to surpass company goals while thriving in deadline-driven environments. High-energy Manager successful in building and motivating dynami c teams. Cultivates a company culture in which staff members feel comfortable voicing questions and concerns, as w ell as contributing new ideas that drive company growth. Troubleshooter with broad background in operations, proje ct and risk management. Enthusiastic team player dedicated to process improvements and staff development. Skills
Advanced cost control techniques.
Personnel management
Recruitment and talent development
Logistics management
Vendor sourcing and negotiation0
New product introductions
Customer relations
Inventory control
Multi-operations management
Quality control
Accounts Receivables, Strategic alliances
Budgets, Employee training
Budget
Business plan
Cost control
Clients
Executive Management
Finance
Financial
General Manager
Hindi
Marketing Strategies
Marketing
Windows
Needs assessment
Processes
Quality
Express
Sales
Staffing
Strategy
Work History
January 2018 to Current
Red Roof Inn, WEST COLUMBIA
General Manager
January 2016 to December 2018
Quality Inn Medical
General Manager
Completing the Full renovation of Quality Inn Augusta GA all 99 guest rooms and lobby, all public areas. Overseeing the whole renovation process while operating other hotel Econolodge. Was Revenue manager for Quality Inn Medical Center, Econolodge Downtown, Travelodge West Columbia. Directed [Marketing Strategies], which boosted increase in revenue by $310k and occupancy by more than 23%.
Earned the company exceptional ratings and testimonials from clients on Tripadvisor, Medallia and Expedia. Built strategic alliances with Chamber of Commercethat resulted in numerous Accounts Receivables. Defined strategy and business plan for Augusta Hosipitality. Organized due diligence in preparation for sale of business unit. Initiated program that standardized employee training and led to increase in customer satisfaction by 12%. Member of Executive Management Team.
Developed department's first incentive performance plan which motivated staff and resulted in 23% increase in sales.
Surpassed revenue goals in four consecutive quarters. January 2007 to November 2016
Tragelodge Columbia, SC
Director of Operations/Supervisor
Maintained daily operations including staffing, training, guest satisfaction, budgets and marketing for 148 rooms.
Supervised a staff of 12 employees including General Manager, Front Desk Manager, Executive Housekeeper and maintenance staff.
Increases in revenue of the hotel and cutting cost on manual labor. Prepared program operating budgets, budget reports and other financial performance reports. Drove the short-term and advanced promotional planning processes. Education
2005 Hislop College Nagpur, MH
Bachelor of Science Biotechnology
Contact this candidate