Gilbert Hernandez

**** ****** ****
Cell: 210-***-****
San Antonio, TX 78232
ad7z25@r.postjobfree.com

Career Focus

Results focused sales professional with experience and proven track record with interest in obtaining a sales position where I can continue developing relationships and sales growth. Proven ability to make significant contributions in sales and business development. Leadership abilities to promote team development while maintaining company goals and standards.

Summary of Skills

•
Strategic partnerships
•
Customer targeting
•
Key Account management
•
Customer Relations
•
Negotiation & Sales Cycles performance
• Business and Channel Development
•
Project management
•
Strategic planning
•
Product management
•
Good Presentation Skills
•
Consultative Sales
• Fluent in English & Spanish
•
Business Development

Professional Experience
TDI Packsys June 2023 to Present
Regional Sales Manager
South Central U.S.
Promote, maintain and increase sales for Capital Inspection and packaging equipment for various Industrial markets: Food and Beverage, Pharma, Dairy
Frequent network with Channel partners, Distribution, Integrators and Independent representatives to market and revenue share growth.
Work remotely and manage multiple projects to completion.
Sesotec Inc. May 2022 to June 2023
Regional Sales Manager
South Central U.S.
Promote, maintain and increase sales for Inspection equipment for industrial and Food market in designated multi-state region.
Responsible for distribution, integrators, and Sales representatives to support increase in customer growth and expand market share.
Work independently and manage multiple projects to completion.
Maintain and increase product knowledge, technical data and industry trends to provide proper customer solutions.
Drive sales through existing, new customers and partners through regular engagement, prospecting, cold calls and trade shows.
Experience in SAP and CRM sales program.

Bizerba USA Dec 2019 to April 2022
Regional Sales Manager
Texas/New Mexico Region
Creating and leading regional strategy to gain access for new business, while sustaining and expanding existing partnerships.
Sales management of Labeling, weighing, Inspection, Industrial scales and software for Industrial sector.
Analyze regional market trends for new sales opportunities within the Food and Beverage, logistics, and Industrial manufacturing industry.
Met regularly with applications, engineering, and service teams for key development of projects
Driving new sales and expansion in key accounts.
Increased territory sales each year through cold calls, prospecting and within existing accounts, including logistics, food and beverage, weighing.
Utilize CRM sales software.

Sunsource/Air-Dreco July 2012 to December 2019
Account Manager
San Antonio/Austin, TX
Build and Maintain Customer base within OEM, Industrial and Mobile Fluid Power Industry.
Participate in continued education in Fluid Power to learn about new products and improved selling
Techniques.
Effectively maintain existing customers by building long-term relationships with Manufacturing, construction and OEM industry.
Self-motivated and able to work independently.

Motion Industries, Inc. August 2006 to May 2012

Outside sales representative

San Antonio, TX

•Cultivated strong relationships with account base such as Food & Beverage, Oil & Gas, Maquiladoras, OEM, power generation, and various other manufacturing and processing facilities.

•Planned and executed weekly and monthly call schedule
•Was responsible for conducting market research to identify new business opportunities and execute sales plan to acquire new business

•Enacted marketing of products and services to existing and new business

K-Line Industries, Inc. April 2000 to July 2006

International Sales & Business Development Manager

Holland, MI

•Managed distribution channels in Mexico, Central and South America, and Europe for Automotive Engine Rebuilder After-Market

•Train and develop sales initiatives for distributors in established markets
•Conduct and implement trade shows 4-5 times per year in order to develop new customer base or new export market

•Increased global visibility and brand recognition through trade publications and web e-mail

Education
Grand Valley State University 1996
Bachelor of Business Administration
Business Management
Allendale, MI USA
Contact this candidate