Mike McCulloch ad7zv8@r.postjobfree.com • 619-***-****
LinkedIn • Nashville, TN
General Manager
Well-versed professional with extensive experience transforming high-potential staff into outstanding leaders as well as gaining genuine pleasure from promoting creativity critical to operational success. Known for overseeing company operations of business segments and departments. Remarkable efficiency in meeting and exceeding set goals by establishing operational policies, creating and maintaining budgets, and managing employees. Strong business acumen in the identification and securing of new business development opportunities, attained from exposure to a wide variety of commercial environments. Skilled in business positioning, increasing efficiencies, marketing/sales strategy, product development, and planning by earning consistent year-over-year revenue growth. Areas of Expertise
● General Management
● New Business Development
● Strategic Planning & Execution
● Sales & Revenue Enhancement
● Market & Trend Analysis
● Budgeting & Forecasting
● Project & Product Management
● Continuous Process Improvement
● Team Leadership
● Relationship Building
● Customer Satisfaction
● Strong Communication
Professional Experience
Millwood Inc. 2022 – Present
Plant Manager
• Oversee the day-to-day pallet construction process.
• Responsible for all personnel at the plant along with hiring responsibilities
• Coordinate shipping and receiving of over 50,000 pallets per week.
• Train supervisory team and ensure productivity throughout the plant.
• Responsible for reporting the profit and loss to corporate on a monthly basis. Vitagold 2011 – 2022
General Manager
Retrained entire staff upon taking over the mill from the previous plant manager upon observation of current employees' work standards and ethics. Lead and direct day-to-day operations while allocating specific duties to staff members. Recruit, onboard, and train high-performing employees to achieve sales, profitability, market share, and business plan objectives. Develop, implement, and maintain resource allocation plans.
● Increased production of current feed mill from 200 tons per day to 600 tons per day by updating equipment.
● Modernized transportation fleet by adhering to California policies and regulations.
● Restructured railroad by upgrading purchasing and unloading operations to increase efficiency, allowing train cars to be emptied in hours rather than days, saving money on railroad fees.
● Achieved higher profit margins by steering tactical improvements.
● Enhanced efficiency and improved safety throughout operations via formulation and employment of new, more stringent accountability mechanisms.
Sears 2007 – 2011
General Manager
Served as General Manager for three distinct Sears stores in San Diego. Developed and updated personnel as per company requirements by managing and leading current and new workers, as well as shutting all three locations in accordance with the company's plan. Optimized fresh product intake and output by structuring warehouses. Enabled a more efficient workplace environment by reorganizing shelves and stockrooms.
● Created product visibility as more approachable to the public eye.
● Achieved productivity bonuses annually and received work accolades from higher management via demonstration of effective work ethic.
Additional Experience
Circuit City
District Manager
Liaised with all store directors to ensure the provision of all necessary tools to deliver extraordinary customer service and enhance organizational skills necessary to become world-class retail managers. Retrained associates to create the ultimate customer experience. Customized audio/video rooms with surround sound systems, and two-channel stereo system set-ups. Integrated systems into wireless wall systems, including labor to install these systems, becoming the most profitable systems in-store by far.
● Maintained uniformity through all stores within the district and achieved the desired effect.
● Received President's award on five different occasions.
● Increased profit margins in audio/video sales from 7% to 14% by redefining current goals.
● Re-merchandized stores for spectacular by developing a favorable looking feel, making them more approachable to the public eye
Contact this candidate