Justin Oliver A. Vincent (C) 601-***-****
****NW 85th Avenue, Plantation, FL ad7zvt@r.postjobfree.com

Profile Summary

Dynamic, accomplished Business, Finance, Administration and Operations Manager with broad experience in higher education, medical research, financial services, research administration, facilities, contract negotiation, pre and post awards management and business development. Extensive background in medical research, government, academic, and corporate environments. Proven success in recruiting and managing teams of highly trained and educated staff across multiple organizations, locations, departments, and disciplines, skilled change manager able to inspire outstanding results. Excellent communicator, known for collaborating with executive colleagues to develop organization vision, strategy, and goals. Proven record in dramatically streamlining and optimizing operations and driving process improvement. Wrote won and managed over $300 M in grants, contracts and sponsored programs in several disciplines in multinational and multicultural environments. Passionate about growing organizations whose mission is improving the health, lives, education and economic well being of the communities they serve.

Skills

Organizational Leadership ~ Research Administration ~ Change Management financial/P&L/Budget~ Management~ Strategic Planning ~ Customer Satisfaction ~ Performance Maximization ~ Multi-Department Management~Cause & Effect Problem Solving ~ Quality Management ~ Leadership/Team Development ~ Community Relations~Regulatory Compliance ~ Policies & Procedures ~ Relationship Management~ Multi-Cultural Environments.

Selected Career Accomplishments

Managed the financial, administrative and facilities operations of the $98M NHLBI NIMHD, NIBIB single site Jackson Heart Study (JHS) administered through a consortium comprised of the University of Mississippi Medical Center (UMMC), Jackson State University (JSU) and Tougaloo College (TC). Overcame significant internal organizational challenges to gain confidence of management staffs at all 3 institutions. Oversaw 75 medical and support staff and subcontracts with 10 medical research institutions throughout the US.
Facilitated the preparation, presentation and negotiation of the $64M extension of JHS contracts from 2005-2013, successfully recruited directors, investigators, epidemiologists, clinical staff, and biostatisticians.
Led the institutions in obtaining several grants and contracts for ancillary studies and sub studies in addition to the main three contracts and ten subcontracts of the JHS.
Recognized for chairing the quarterly meeting of Internal Review Board Chairs of the three partner universities, 2005 – 2010.
Managed the USAID funded project which tested the market for management development programs in the Caribbean, recommended and designed the Center for Management Development at the University of the West Indies, Barbados campus.
Managed the start up and establishment of the National Development Foundation of Jamaica which became a model replicated in eight Caribbean countries for which I provided technical assistance, training and consulting services under a USAID contract.

Professional Experience:

JARVIS CHRSITIAN COLLEGE 4/2015-6/2016
Director of Sponsored Programs
To establish a Sponsored Programs Office and manage the portfolio of grants.

HOUSTON COMMUNITY COLLEGE 9/2013-3/2015
Adjunct Professor of Business
Taught two of four business courses each semester for the Workforce Development Department.

Southeast Texas Biomedical Research Institute (SETBRI), Houston, TX 2010 – 2011
Chief Operating Officer
Directed the strategic planning for SETBRI, a new institution targeted to conduct cutting-edge research and recruitment of highly talented students from diverse backgrounds to enter medical school.
Collaborated with stakeholders to define and develop strategic plans, setting priorities and allocating resources
Designed all accounting functions, including budgeting, P&L, forecasting, reporting and data analysis
Obtained health information on the 13 counties in Southeast Texas and prepared presentations to build relationships with major medical research institutions in the Houston to Beaumont area
Introduced SETBRI to key Federal, State, and Donor communities
Prepared the organization to engage in operations once funding was received

Jackson Heart Study, Jackson, MS 2003 – 2010
Chief Operating Officer / Associate Director of Finance, Administration, and Facilities
Directed the administrative, fiscal and research operations of the $98M NIH-funded study of cardiovascular diseases in African Americans.
Oversaw the main contracts for the three partnering institutions (University of Mississippi, Jackson State University, Tougaloo College) and several subcontracts with universities and medical institutions nationwide
Collaborated with executives at UMMC, JSU and TC to identify fiscal, administrative and scientific objectives
Analyzed and organized information to deliver executive level presentations on budgets, budget justifications, budget management, fiscal plans, contract development, negations and administration
Recruited, managed, and developed administrative and multidisciplinary staff and operations, including human resources, payroll and financial accounting systems
Audited standard operating procedures, providing recommendations for process and workflow improvements and ensuring that programs were current, effective, and in compliance with legal requirements
Oversaw the operations and maintenance of building systems, performing preventive maintenance and analyzing equipment and system performance to establish service issues
Managed the daily financial, administrative, HR, IT, Clinic Operations, recruitment and retention, and facilities operations of the JHS including approving all requisitions, invoices, and purchases.
Ensured that all resources, scientific, human, financial and facilities were available to the professional and support staff to ensure that the goals of the organizations were met
Maintained relationships with the NIH project and contract offices, subcontractors, business, and community stakeholders

Miami-Dade College, Miami, FL 2002 – 2003
Campus Director, Grants
Led the efforts of Miami-Dade Community College’s faculty and staff to increase their portfolio of grants and contracts through education, identification, and assistance in access grants of over $250K.
Partnered with Campus Presidents, Deans, Department Heads, and Faculty of the six Campuses in the Miami-Dade Community College System in researching, identifying, preparing, and submitting grant proposals to targeted funding agencies
Established and maintained relationships with donor agencies in both the public and private sectors
Collaborated with External Affairs and other Departments, which interfaced with external agencies
Monitored the Federal and Donor databases to identify new grant opportunities
Collaborated with the faculty to determine their research and grant interest
Worked with the faculty to prepare and submit the grants proposals with special emphasis on educating and ensuring that the proposals met the compliance and financial requirements

Cable and Wireless PLC, London, UK 1999-2000
Director of Public Policy
Negotiated the opening of the Caribbean telecommunications markets to competition.
Advised the Head Office and Regional Office on ways to influence telecommunications policies.
Coordinated and directed the agendas and strategic operations of the 18 Business Unit General Managers.
Participated in and made recommendations on marketing and communications strategies.
Represented C&W before the FCC, World Bank, CLAA and Caribbean Missions in Washington DC, the Departments of Trade and Industry (DTI) and Foreign International Development (DFID) in London, 14 Caribbean Governments, the Caribbean Telecommunications Union (CTU), the Caribbean Association of Telecommunications Organizations (CANTO) and the International Telecommunications Union (ITU) in Brussels.

Education:

MBA – University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario, Canada
Graduate Diploma, Management Studies – University of the West Indies, Mona, Kingston, Jamaica
BS (Physics) – University of West Indies, Cavehill, St. Michael, Barbados.
Certificate in Entrepreneurship Development-Center for Entrepreneurship Development, Gujarat, India.
Part 1 of 3 Part external Degree in Law- University of the West Indies, School of Law
Contact this candidate