PRABHU
SAGADEVAN

OBJECTIVE
To actively participate in challenging projects, make a signiﬁcant contribution to the organization's growth, and elevate it to an admirable position

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
WORK EXPERIENCE

MANAGERIAL ABILITIES
Employee recruitment and evaluation
Capable of using the bare minimum of ofﬁce programmes (Word, Excel, Access, Outlook and PowerPoint etc.)
Capable of producing outcomes quickly and under duress.
Establishing innovative, efﬁcient systems and procedures to properly address all messages, grievances, and queries

ACHIEVEMENTS IN THE ORGANIZATION
Awarded the title of month's champion in 2013.
Deputy Manager promotion (For 22 Schengen countries). Directing the 37 members of the team.
Competent to manage missions and complaints from customers (Consulates).
Started the suggestions for increasing the organization's revenue.
Deployed for roughly 30 days to Bangalore, Cochin, and Hyderabad to improve the process ﬂow and give the staff the appropriate training.
Conducted a training programme to improve organisational learning for the call centre staff.

PERSONAL SKILLS
Time Management Reliable & Trustworthy Communication Skills Organizational Skills Decision Making Multi-tasking

Aug 2020 - Present
Associated Auto Solutions International Pvt Ltd
Associate – Logistics
It provides services at each stage of the transaction cycle, including sales, incoming and outbound contact centre services, back ofﬁce, collection, and a wide range of IT-enabled procedures.

Jan 2020 – Aug 2020
Comodo Security Solutions, Inc.
Senior Associate - Call Transfer Agent
Best antivirus, internet security, endpoint security, and website security are provided by a leading cybersecurity platform for consumers and businesses..

Mar 2019 - Dec 2019
Bumsa Talent Solutions
Senior Recruiter G Business Development Executive
Canadian outsourcing ﬁrm offers top recruitment teams affordable global personnel solutions to win competitive races.

Apr 2013 - Sep 2018
VFS Global Services Private Limited
Deputy Manager
Along with the United States, United Kingdom, and Ireland, Partnering Governments is the top body for processing visas for various Schengen nations.

EDUCATION
2009-2012
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science
Arignar Anna Institute of Science and Technology, Chennai

HOBBIES

Contact
Email : ad838c@r.postjobfree.com

Phone : +91-960**-*****
Contact this candidate