James P. Griswold
**** ******* **. *** *.
San Diego, CA 92109
ad84jc@r.postjobfree.com
847-***-****

Professional Experience:

New Business Development Manager: January 2020 to current. LMC Industries is an Injection Molding and Metal Stamping company.

I started with LMC in January 2020 as a consultant contracted to bring in opportunities and to identify and develop new customers in the consumer product and industrial markets. I have brought in many opportunities for RFQ’s that fit LMC’s ideal customer profile. In September 2020 LMC hired me as a full time Business Development Manager. I have increased business with existing Automotive and Industrial customers and brought in new ones.

Business Development Manager: July 2013 to September 2016. Pelco Tool & Mold, Glendale Heights, IL. Pelco Tool is an Injection Mold Tool builder for the Cap, Closure and Packaging Industry.

Major account relationships include Berry Plastics, Drug Plastics, Aptar Group & Closure Systems Int’l. Successful in prospecting a new territory by bringing in multiple opportunities with numerous Cap & Closure manufacturers, Medical Injection Molders and Custom Injection Molders. Acquired an additional $3MM in business over 3 years.
Exceeded expectations in targeting new customer prospects for the first year by bring in over 100 RFQ’s with new prospects for injection molds.

Midwest Region Account Manager: September 1997 July 2013. Sonoco Plastics/Matrix Packaging - Addison, IL. A leading manufacturer of rigid plastic containers for the Personal Care and Household Chemical Industries. The Sonoco Plastics division was acquired by Amcor Packaging in 2016.

Successful in managing business in a $25 million territory while developing new business with Global customers in the Personal Care, Household Chemical and Beverage markets. New customers from 2010 to 2012 include SC Johnson, The Clorox Company, Sanofi Pharma, & Cutex. Over a period of 5 years I developed the Five Hour Energy account from $0 to $12MM. Worked extensively with packaging distributors for additional high profile business.
Excellent skills in presenting design capabilities and new designs along with time management skills and a strong work ethic were some of the tools I used to generate increased sales year over year.
Consistently met or exceeded annual sales goals. In 2011 and 2012, reached excellence level of plan at 106% of goal.
In 2010 worked with a large volume account to double the business from $6MM to $13MM with long term contracts.
New business in 2011 also included cross divisional selling of injection molded closures to a high volume container account.

Midwest Regional Account Manager: 1996 to 1997. Dana Molded Products – Arlington Heights, IL., A manufacturer of injection molded parts for the construction and electronics industry and blow molded containers for food & chemicals.

Developed business with new and existing customers in seven-state territory.
Worked directly with VP of engineering for design and development of rigid plastic containers for the automotive and chemical industries.
Increased business of injection-molded plastic parts for the electronics industry.

Midwest Regional Sales Manager: 1993 to 1996. Tisma Machinery Corporation - Chicago, IL

Managed packaging machinery sales to food related accounts both directly and through distributors for Midwest region.
Developed $2 million in new business with new and existing accounts. Customers included Stouffers Foods, Rice-A Roni & Quaker Oats.

Packaging Machinery Manufacturers Agent: King Packaging Machinery: 1988 to 1993 - Kansas City, MO

Represented twelve packaging machinery companies as independent sales agent.
Sold packaging machinery that created complete turnkey packaging lines primarily to the food and pharmaceutical industries in a four-state Midwest territory.
Handled full product line sales of complete liquid filling lines, automatic cartoning machines, case packers, checkweighers, pharmaceutical packaging lines, and other machinery.

Sales representative: Western Metro Corporation: 1982 to 1988 Los Angeles, CA

Sold products from numerous manufacturers of Industrial Supply and hydraulic and pneumatic equipment in a distributor environment.
Consistently exceeded quotas for sales of Industrial Supply products and fluid power products in Los Angeles and Orange counties.
Top sales producer in the company for two of my four years employed there.

EDUCATION
Glendale High School, Springfield, MO.
Some college courses relating to Business and Marketing
In 2010 completed an executive education course on Value Based Selling & Strategic Negotiating Skills at the University of South Carolina Business School.
Contact this candidate