ASHISH SRIVASTAVA
M: 993-***-****
Email: ad84i7@r.postjobfree.com
Seeking assignments in Business Development and Project Management with a growth oriented organization.

A PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS

Result driven professional with a solid, verifiable career track for successfully propelling industry leaders through startup ventures and high growth cycles. Known for delivering best profit gains within highly competitive regional market. Exceptional communicator with strong negotiation, problem resolution and client needs assessment aptitude. Equally effective in identifying opportunities, development focus and providing tactical business solutions, Core strengths include:

- Strategic & Tactical Planning -Team Building & Leadership
- Sales & Marketing -Policy/Procedure formulations
- New Business Development -Client/ Vendor Relations

WORK EXPERIENCE

Working with Zunroof Tech Pvt. Ltd. as Asst. Manager Sales from Mar 2023 to July 2024.

Essential functions

Responsible for onboarding new distributors in Lucknow and Eastern UP for
Zunpulse Home Appliances.
Responsible for repeat business from every distributor in the region.
Responsible for distributor’s grievances and payment collection.

Worked with ASA Fincap Advisers LLP as Deputy Sales Manager from Feb 2020 to Feb 2023.

Essential functions

Responsible for sourcing of new clients for our approved projects and properties.
Responsible for site visits, follow ups and closures.
Responsible for appointing new associates and keep abreast them with new developments.

Worked with Tata Capital Financial Services Ltd in Channel Finance Division as Customer Relationship Executive from Oct 2016 to Jan 2020.

Essential functions
Responsible for sourcing of new cases for Term Loan, CC Limit, Loan against property etc.
Responsible for Post Sanction Services to all customers in UP and Uttaranchal.
Responsible for Post Sanction Documentation, Limit upload in the System.
Responsible for least percentage of PDD, Relationship Handling, solution of all service related so that minimum attrition of clients could be maintained.

Worked with Onicra Credit rating Agency of India Ltd. as Senior Executive– SME from Jan 2012 to Dec 2015.

Essential functions
Making tie-ups and liaison with Banks and Chartered Accountants.
Coordinating with Bank branches (Branch managers and Credit officers) to get SME data and business.
Coordinating with team members to achieve individual and team targets.
Pursuing SMEs (traders and manufacturers) to get their firms rated.
Facilitating SMEs to avail limits or advances from bank branches.

Worked with HDFC Sales Ltd. as Relationship Officer –Mortgages from Jan 2008 to Dec 2012.

Essential functions

Getting leads from architects, builders and housing societies, through corporate presentations, cold calls and referrals.
Responsible for sourcing business through associates and individually.
Coordinating with credit and technical team for speedy sanction and disbursal of cases.
Getting the cases sanctioned and disbursed to the customers.

Worked with ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. Lucknow, From May 2005 to Jan 2008 as Sales Officer-Branch Banking.

Essential functions

Sales & Marketing/ Business Development
Responsible for development of retail business. Implementing competent strategies for boosting business with a view to penetrate new accounts and expand existing ones for meeting pre-determined business objectives and targets.
Initiating contact with potential customers for developing leads & selling various products.
Establish and maintain relationships with prominent and prospective clients.
Ensuring hundred percent activation of Customer Service Officers and Financial
Consultants for getting GI business from different branches and associated channels.

Client Servicing
Redressing grievances of customers, if any ensuring that they are resolved to the complete satisfaction of the customers.
Offering the best solutions to HNI, traders & functioning as the one point contact for all clients to make their investments better, to make them trade more with good volumes.

Worked with ICICI HFC LTD, Lucknow as Home loan counselor from May 2001 to April 2005.

Essential functions

Handling a team of home loan counselors.
Getting leads from builders and housing societies, through corporate presentations, cold calls and referrals.
Getting the cases sanctioned and disbursed to the customers.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION

MBA from AMITY University, Lucknow.

Bachelor’s Degree in Arts from Kanpur University.

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION

Certificate in Computer from IGNOU.

PERSONAL

Father’s name : Late Mr. Gopal Krishna
Date of birth : Oct 18, 1975
Address : .DH2 Paradise, Adharkheda, Kursi Road, Lucknow.
Contact this candidate