Benny Siebert
New Braunfels, Texas *****
281-***-****
ad8543@r.postjobfree.com
Skills
Staff Management
Business Development
Maintenance Scheduling
Contract Negotiation
Experience
November 2020 - March 2023
chaserz lake side bar and grill - ONALASKA, Texas
Property Manager and Site Maintenance
Reviewed and selected photographs for publication in magazines and newspapers.
Organized, edited and managed digital images according to client specifications.
Researched and gathered information on photography topics.
Coordinated with photographers to ensure desired results were achieved.
Conducted periodic inspections of properties to ensure compliance with safety regulations and tenant requirements.
November 2009 - June 2020
curv 360 - San Diego, CA
Photography Editor
Reviewed and selected photographs for publication in magazines and newspapers.
Organized, edited and managed digital images according to client specifications.
Researched and gathered information on photography topics.
Coordinated with photographers to ensure desired results were achieved.
July 2005 - July 2009
Guitar Center - San Marcos, CA
Sales Ass
Developed and implemented sales strategies to increase market share.
Identified and developed new markets for products or services.
Established relationships with key clients, while maintaining existing customer base.
Created and presented monthly reports to management on sales performance.
July 1992 - October 1995
evans music city - Houston, TX
Sales Manager
Developed and implemented sales strategies to increase market share.
Identified and developed new markets for products or services.
Established relationships with key clients, while maintaining existing customer base.
Created and presented monthly reports to management on sales performance.
November 1988 - April 1992
Medelas amusments - Houston, TX
Sound and Light Tech
Set up and operate soundboards, audio mixers, microphones, amplifiers, recording equipment, and related electronic equipment for live events or studio recordings.
Adjust controls to produce desired volume levels of sounds during performances and recordings.
Monitor sound system performance during events to ensure that the highest quality sound is achieved.
Maintain and repair audio equipment as needed.
Record music mixes and other audio tracks onto digital formats.
Mix multiple sources into a single track for output purposes.
Ensure all audio gear is properly connected to the mixing board prior to events.
February 1985 - May 1988
steinman instrests - Houston, TX
Sound and Light Tech
Replaced worn or damaged parts using hand tools or power tools.
Installed new parts according to manufacturer's specifications.
designed and installed all light and sound systems and provided maintenance on seven property's
June 1985 - October 1987
jacobe lincoln mercury - Houston, TX
Radio Installer and Make Ready
Trained and monitored employees to teach daily tasks and improve performance.
Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals.
made new cars ready for delivery
handled all fleet dealers
February 1980 - March 1984
hardey construction - Houston, TX
Construction Site Manager
Coordinated and managed construction projects from start to finish, ensuring that all work was completed on time and within budget.
Supervised subcontractors in their performance of tasks related to the project.
Developed plans for site layout, grading, drainage, materials selection, and equipment utilization.
Education and Training
January 1993
Lamar Port Arthur Port Arthur, TX
Associate of Applied Science Info Tech
Accomplishments
Managed a portfolio consisting of approximately 23 sites comprising approximately 60000 square feet.
Implemented new rent collection procedures, increasing rental income for 2020.
Trained and mentored 25 new employees each year.
Activities and Honors
Member, Small Business Association (2008 - present)
Member, Alumni Association
Contact this candidate