QAYYUM AINUDDIN KHAN
ad863j@r.postjobfree.com
+91-916*******
Mira Road, Mumbai, India 401107
Professional
Summary
A Successful Multi Skilled and Motivated Professional Seek to Undertaken A Challenging Scenario, Strategic Within A Challenging, Scenario, Scenario and Strategic Position. within a Reputed Organisation Achievement of Goals to join an organisation where I ﬁnd maximum opportunities to show my skills and prove abilities To give my best efforts to my work so that I can prove my path for growth & success of the organisation and explore further.
Skilled in planning and operations management. Background running successful business operations with knowledge of budgeting, staffing and marketing. Accomplished in driving customer and revenue growth with proactive strategies and daily management. Strategic-thinking Business Development Manager with history of transforming inefficient, underperforming operations into successful enterprises. Accomplished communicator with talent for building over-achieving teams. Dedicated to continuous improvement and achieving market-leading results.
Work History
04/2019 - 12/2023
Ware house supervisor
IMI Enterrprises India
● control of logistics
● working with Forklift
● warehouse
● expedition employees
● ensuring the smooth operation of logistics
● warehouse/expedition
● production planning support
● warehouse management
● logistics
● communication with customers
● receipt and issue of goods
● preparation of logistics/warehouse/expedition documents
● delivery of goods
● carrying out warehouse operations with entrusted goods
● handling shipments/goods,
● records of shipments
04/2017 - 01/2019
Business development manager
Zilingo Funline Pvt Ltd, Mumbai, India
● online promotion
● Looking at Sourcing Demand and supply
● Supply products to international Markets
● Travelling international Markets
● Scheduling Appointments with Prospective Client & Suppliers
● Presentation for
● Business Promotion Activities
● Involved B2B Import Business Exhibition Management
● Generate business revenue By selling business service Packages
● Involved in Data Collections From Open Market for prospective references.
● Completed and submitted appropriate dispatch paperwork in timely manner.
● Completed and submitted appropriate paperwork in timely manner.
● Understood and complied with changing safety, quality and production standards.
● Picked, packed and dispatched high-volume orders, consistently exceeding warehouse performance targets.
● Completed work following safety rules for best working practices.
● Minimised product damage, ensuring goods were correctly handled and stored to task specifications.
11/2015 - 04/2017
Business Development Manager
InfocomNetwork Limited, Mumbai, India
● Scheduling Appointments with Prospective Clients Providing
● Managed customer lines for minimum wait times and high satisfaction.
● Them Presentations for Business Promotion Activities
● Making Presentations In Startups Firms For Registration
● Generate business revenue By selling business service Packages
● Involved in data collections from the open market
● Involved in Data Collections From Open Market for prospective referencesMaintaining client rapport for new business
● Maintaining MIS on daily basis
● Resolved customer concerns promptly to maintain satisfaction.
● Maintained routine communication with clients to assess overall satisfaction, resolve complaints and promote new offerings.
● Collaborated with cross-company departments, developing new strategies to capitalise on emerging customer trends.
12/2013 - 10/2015
Just Dial Ambassador Sales Manager
Just Dial.com Ltd
● Looking After Sales of Business Promotion Service
● Scheduling Appointments with Prospective Clients Providing
● Them Presentations forBusiness Promotion Activities
● Making Presentations in Startups Firms for Registration
● Generate business revenue by selling business service Packages
● Involved in Data Collections From Open Market for prospective references
● Maintaining client rapport for new business
● Maintaining MIS on a daily basis.
04/2011 - 12/2013
Sales Executive
Quikr.com, Mumbai, India
● Involved in Online Business Service
● Involved in Online Business Promotion Open Market
● Branding Company Name.
● Generated new leads and opportunities to maximise revenue.
● Built focused new client networks, growing business opportunities and increasing revenue possibilities.
● Updated CRM software with contract records, renewal timeframes and customer details.
● Memorised company's detailed product portfolio and customised associated features and benefits to customer needs.
Skills
Communication Skills.
Creativity.
Stock management
Sales Promotions.
Orientations.
Manual handling
Product scanning
Damage control
Warehouse operations
Self-motivated
Warm and cold calling
Performance goals
Sales leadership
Warehouse picking
Purchase order verification
Shipping and receiving
Education
GNIIT, IT - Full Time, NIIT, Mumbai, Maharashtra
C PROGRAMMING
04/2008
-02/2009
High School Diploma, Commerce - Full Time, Maharashtra State Board, Kolhapur, Maharashtra
Interests
Furnished Above is True To the Best of My knowledge. Hobbies :-, Watching movies, Cooking, and Travelling
Personal Details
Date of Birth / Age: 10/08/1087 Nationality: Indian Marital Status: Married Gender: Male
Passport: Y 9422654
Contact this candidate