( C V )
Name : Ali Mohammed Dahman Al Jallab
Date of birth : ( 1397 AH / 1977 AD
(40) years)
Marital status : Married
Number of dependents : (5)
Contacts: (050*******) & (055*******)
Academic qualification : Bachelor's degree
College : Management
Specialization : Business Administration
University Name : King Faisal University
Practical experiences
. King Fahd Bridge Customs (customs inspector) for a year * National Company for Agricultural Development Nadec (Sales Officer) in the southern region *
. for eight years
Pepsi Cola Bugsan Industrial Development Company (Client Development Officer) for two *
. years
. Karim Food Industries (Southern Region Sales Manager) for two years * Saudi Ceramic Company (Supervisor of wholesale sales in the southern region and supervisor *
. of maintenance department in the region) from 2010 till now Training courses
. Training course in marketing and sales *
. Training course in the use of computer in the office business for three months *
. Training course in the requirements of the international standard (2000 – 9001) *
. Training course in successful leadership skills *
. Training course in change management skills *
. Role in the use of Excel programs (2010) level I, and the second level *
. Training course in professional project management * Tasks and Job Description
Ability to plan, organize, follow up and effectively guide
. For sales and marketing
. Ability to lead, motivate and direct sales staff
. Ability to prepare periodic and annual reports
. High ability in dealing with the computer and its applications
. Ability to develop marketing and sales plans and plans
. work on convergence of views and benefit from the proposal High skills in communication and effective communication and negotiation
. Problem solving and crisis management
. E-marketing skills on various websites
. Manage meetings to raise the spirits of the sales team
. Ability to strategically analyze and find appropriate solutions
. High skills in managing teams successfully
. Schedule meetings
. work to improve the service to the customer after-sales Modern methods of business development
. Conduct research and questionnaire to identify new markets •
) Business development (scheduling, preparation and submission of offers •
. Among the companies you deal with
. Objectives of the kindness of ideas aimed at achieving the goals • Formation of strong relationships in the region with sector representatives •
. Governmental organizations and representatives of private sectors Build and implement short and long term sales plans •
. Build a business and plan sales and exploit opportunities Ensuring customer loyalty and continuity •
. With the company and provide the necessary needs in time
. Work on the manufacture of permanent brands •
Prepare plans and data and represent them with pyramid drawings •
.) Monthly, quarterly, annual (
Periodic follow-up of sales teams and affiliate divisions •
. And the extent of development and change in overall performance Close new business transactions through (Coordinate •
, Requirements, development and negotiation of contracts
. Contracts with business processes
Developing and educating working teams in courses, continuous improvement and exchange •
. of ideas
. Looking forward to the high performance of the teams •
. Work as a contact point and handle individual customer needs •
. Continuous research to find alternatives to the product at high quality and at lower costs •
. Set and track sales account objectives, which are in line with company objectives •
.) Monitor sales metrics (such as quarterly sales results and annual forecasts •
. Proposing improvements to sales performance and identifying growth opportunities •
. Involve task forces with meaningful participation and creative ideas •
(Peace, blessings and blessings be upon our master and Prophet Muhammad and on the family of Muhammad)
Contact this candidate