Deborah Zebina
404-***-**** ad8b3w@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/deborahzebina

Learning & Development Project Manager
Servant Leader Solution Oriented Relationship Builder

Professional Highlights

SWINGTECH CONSULTING September 2021 – Present
Instructional Systems Designer
Led the design and implementation of training programs designed to equip healthcare providers with the knowledge and skills needed to meet CMS requirements. This encompassed developing and executing comprehensive training strategies, often involving various training modalities such as e-learning, in-person sessions, and written resources.

Select Accomplishments:

Project Leadership AI Digital Learning. Successfully launched Udemy training on machine learning to enhance contractor usage of AI. Gathered technology requirements, led scrum meetings, tracked progress, and refined system for user friendliness. Analyzed course completion after 30 day trial and demonstrated value to executive team. Resulted in purchasing product, and creating internal chatbot for staff.

Complex Schedule Management. Effectively reallocated resources for an annual development project that consistently presented bottlenecks mid-way through the lifecycle. Crashed the schedule and reprioritized other deliverables to augment team during this period. Resulted in completing the project on time, while maintaining integrity and quality of the final deliverable.

Performance Management. Coached underperforming team member using targeted intervention to improve their development time and productivity. Identified knowledge gaps, tailored communication style, and provided resources to enhance their understanding. Resulted in more timely, accurate, and higher quality deliverables.

Process Improvement. Partnered with Human Resources and Program Manager teams to design equitable redistribution of work for project managers. Recommended process of engaging and negotiating with stakeholders around workflow priorities and project status which resulted in balanced workloads, improved efficiency, and overall process enhancement.

ZERMOUNT INC 2021 – 2021
IT Security Trainer
Supported the National Cancer Institute’s mission by ensuring training programs aligned with various cybersecurity roles and services, and providing tailored instruction. Maintained and updated essential project guidance documents, Standard Operating Procedures, procedure checklists, and job aids to support ongoing operations.

Select Accomplishment:

Risk Management Framework. Established comprehensive security training catalog based on NIST standards for Rev 4 and 5. Acquired sufficient knowledge on each RMF component to create six (6) annual trainings, which bolstered compliance and enhanced new hire onboarding by insourcing corporate trainings.

CUSTOMER VALUE PARTNERS 2016 – 2021
Instructional Designer
Managed Quality Support Solution training design and development efforts across a range of delivery formats, including instructor-led training, Virtual Instructor-Led Training (VILT), and Web-Based Training (WBT). Managed Defense Health Agency (DHA) Quality Support Solution training design and development across multiple delivery formats (instructor led, VOB, and WBT).
Select Accomplishments:

Program Enhancement. Redesigned antiquated training program by identifying cost-effective solutions to enhance learner engagement. Researched survey data, secured 20 user licenses for authoring tool, and added new evaluation question, which led to further training enhancements, better pass rates, and improved job performance.

Cross-Functional Engagement. Single-handedly led complex digitization process of converting manual training content for 20 courses into LMS serving >200 DoD employees. Engaged cross-functional stakeholders to gain consensus around LMS procurement and policy development, then led project implementation team. Resulted in streamlining training delivery, enabling mobile access, and setting precedent for future digital transformation efforts.

Agile Methodology. Led SCRUM team of seven (7) programmers and testers to design and launch ACA Health Exchange instructional guidelines within three weeks. Leveraged user story template to delineate workload and maintain focus throughout project lifecycle. Resulted in enhanced knowledge sharing, team motivation, and timely completion of deliverable.

Prior Experience
MAXIMUS 2014 – 2016
Trainer
Managed the end-to-end training tracking process, ensuring smooth and effective operations. This included overseeing the development and execution of training schedules, tracking participants' progress, and managing certification processes.
ANDRUS 2010 – 2014
Training Director
Managed training delivery for over 420 employees. Led monthly orientation sessions, First Aid and CPR training, corporate compliance training, and child abuse/maltreatment and neglect training.
Education Certifications Affiliations
Bachelor of Science, Recreation Therapy Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA
Associate of Science, Occupational Therapy Oakwood University, Huntsville, AL
AI for Digital Learning Certification
Scrum Master Certification
Instructional Design Certification
Junior League of Washington (JLW), Member
Association of Talent & Development, Member

Project Leadership Schedule Management Performance Management Process Improvement
Agile Methodology Risk Management Program Enhancement Cross-Functional Engagement
Contact this candidate