GARRY CHEDDY
*** **** *** ******
Brooklyn, NY **218
Tel - +1-917-***-****
Email- ad8ee8@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn Profile - https://www.linkedin.com/in/gcheddy/

SUMMARY
Sales Account Manager / Business Development / Customer Relationship / Client Services with over twenty-five years’ experience dealing with and closing, high-pressure sales deals in the Financial Marketdata, FinServ/FinTech, Enterprise and Managed Professional Services verticals, including network connectivity and deployments. Both Hybrid and Private Cloud Services incorporating AWS, Microsoft Azure/Office365 and Google Cloud, knowledge, and integrations. Complete knowledge of the Co-Location Data Center space. Experience in Financial Dealing Rooms and Systems Environments and field service expertise in numerous software SaaS, hardware IaaS peripherals. A strong understanding of the client needs for reliable service. Strong interpersonal skills with clients and staff.

EXPERIENCE

7L International Inc. / MassiveGrid Inc. June 2021 - Present
Snr Business Development Manager
Create new business accounts for the two complementing privately owned companies. 7L being a custom bespoke S/W development. MassiveGrid a Secure High Availability Cloud provider. Ideally onboarding 7L customers SaaS applications to the MassiveGrid Private Cloud to eliminate instances of Ingress – Egress bottlenecking.
Highlighted newly developed AR/VR (Augmented/Virtual Reality) applications for Dealing Room floor furniture firms like Technology Desking and SBFI. AR Shopper is now located in both Apple and Android stores.
Onboarded Public Cloud customers to MassiveGrid Private Cloud for high availability and maximum security.
Partnered with Coiled.io to implement DASK (open-source Python Library code) to multiple hedge funds. Dev/Ops team performed Cybersecurity Scripting.
Targeted Tier 1 banks for Securosys Cyber Security appliances for increased encryption.

Cologix, Inc., Greater NY January 2018 – May 2021
Account Director, Financial Services & Enterprise SMB’s
Responsible for hunting and developing new business for datacenter co-location services with connectivity to multiple Cloud Service Providers and Network Carriers.
Built Channel Partner relations to penetrate new business opportunities
Conducted new business canvasing campaigns with email and phone initiatives. Utilized Hubspot to reach targeted accounts
Utilized RingCentral Collaboration Solutions for internal business meetings and training.

EQUINIX, New York, NY May 2013 – Oct 2017
Account Executive, Financial Services
Maintain and develop a global account base of business across three global regions and city metros. Development new logo business accounts for both Financial Sector and Enterprise, concentrating on Cloud connectivity, Hybrid and Private
Achieved an IPC Systems Inc., business renewal for 60month term of global business over nineteen datacenters with no write downs in AMER, EMEA and AsiaPac, plus Portability Clause
Signed new logo Hedge Funds, Brokerage Firms and Electronic Data Providers, in New York, Chicago, London, Frankfurt, Tokyo, Hong Kong
Completed administration responsibilities for account credits and billing disputes
Worked with technology firms OpenLink Financial to build out network connected global Multi-Cloud environments connecting to CSP like AWS, Microsoft Azure and Google amongst others
Reached and exceeded quota across multiple business quarters, with quotas or up to 115K monthly recurring revenue
Year Quota Performance Percentage of Quota
2017/Q3 – 5 new logo $115,000 MRR $128,000 MRR %112
2017/Q2 - 3 new logo $109, 000 MRR $117,000 MRR %108
2017/Q1 - 1 new logo $89,000 MRR $93,000 MRR %104
2016/Q1 -Q4 – 7 new logo %102

WESTHIGHLAND SUPPORT SERVICES LLC., New York, NY March 2010 - May 2013
Senior Sales Executive, Global Financial Services
Market Data Professional Services group supporting financial sector with Remote and onsite market data infrastructure monitoring systems.
Generate and follow through on all sales leads and accounts.
Prepare all sales proposals and statement of work for professional services.
Liaise project management team for sales progress, new business clients and existing clients.
Sales meetings with prospecting new business
Developed all new sales lead and business partnerships with MDX Technology, Arcontech, TS-Associates.
Worked out Sales commission based on monthly billing cycles

THOMSON REUTERS –GISSING SOFTWARE., New York, NY March 2005 - January 2010
Business Development Manager North America, Financial Services
Gissing Software acquired by Reuters for Multi-Contribution ConteX4 software, Fixed Income Rates published to Reuters and Bloomberg, Microsoft Excel Spreadsheet technology for trading platforms
Sales of Gissing Software products including ConteX4 and RealtimeXL to many Tier1 Tier2 banks including HSBC, Citigroup, JPMC, Jane Street Securities and more
First level sales support for new client installations.
Deals closed after many length sales cycles, Merrill Lynch, Citi, Societie Generale, BNP Paribas and more revenues approaching $3Million for global account sales
Replacement of Reuters Power Plus Pro suite for Gissing RealtimeXL for internal publishing from trading desk
Cold calls to many Market Data Management teams for sales meetings.
Participated in weekly Sales management meetings.
Write and execute Sales Pricing Proposals for clients. Increased Gissing customer base in both US and Canada. Sales to clients AsiaPac locations.

MIGHTER LTD., New York, NY November 2000 - March 2005
Regional Technical Account Manager
Market Data desktop real-estate technology firm. Introducing Multi-platform dealing keyboards and Remote technology.
Managed all accounts in North America, functional Sales
Responsible for both FX Reuters Dealing and EBS,Bloomberg desktop, remote technology for J P Morgan Chase, Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, Morgan Stanley, and other Tier 1 and Tier 2 Banks and Brokerage Houses
Created Technical documents for staff and clients
Sales of accounts and support and maintenance contracts totaling in the region of $2million in revenue.

APTEGRA SERVICES/NETWORK CONNECTIONS INC., New York, NY May 1999 - Nov 2000
Senior Network Integrator
Integration firm with major contracts with large ISP’s as well as a client base relying on network support.
Serviced and maintained ECP Dealing Datastore Database connecting to Reuters Dealing2000 and EBS FX trading systems, clients include Deutsche Bank, ComerzeBank and WestLB.
Integrated customers onto ISP backbones via T1 lines. Working from Smartjack to customer networks, integrating workstations onto the Internet via a Cisco network.
Configured 7500, 3600, 2600, 2500, 1700, 1600 series routers on HDLC, PPP, and Frame Relay networks using EIGRP, BGP and NAT.
Built building infrastructures for Internet access via Cisco Cat 4000, 2900, 1900 series switches.
Responsible for all circuit testing of T1 and DS-3 lines with Verizon, Teligent and Winstar using TTC 2000 T-Bird and HP Agilent Internet Advisor.
Integrated and installed WinTV onto numerous Open Bloomberg systems behind Firewalls.

GRAFTON RECRUITMENT LTD., Belfast, Northern Ireland May 1998 - March 1999
IT Support Engineer
Employment Recruiting agency for both full-time and part-time employees, consisting of over 12 offices throughout the entire island of Ireland.
Maintained company proprietary Oxford Software Recruit package database. This included reindexing, and making use of S/W utilities in cases of down time.
Field support of all company sites for all related database problems, PC hardware and all applications faults. This included Internet access and e-mail calls.
Administered all site networks for Novell 3.12, Novell 4.11 and Win NT4 Servers. Installed any new incoming workstations and hardware related equipment.
Conducted all Server Back-ups at all sites using ARC Serve backup Utility. Installed all Iomega Drives for workstations backups. Set up disaster recovery routine with all pertaining data to company.
Ran routine checks of sites using PCAnywhere package.

C-C-C TECHNOLOGY LTD., Belfast, Northern Ireland August 1997 - May 1998
Technical Support Consultant
Desktop Solution firm developing and researching software and hardware for a vast range of clients. Responsible for supporting the company products on a wide range of platforms.
Supported and installed proprietary Video Conferencing switch with UNIX based Server on all PC platforms including 3.11, Win95 and Win NT. Including S/W and H/W configuring.
Setup ISDN Gateways for WAN conferencing calls controlled by CODEC technology.
Conducted testing on remote PC equipment for version releases to clients. Equipment included RGB, VGA, mouse and keyboard components. Major work involved Bloomberg.
Technical writer for product documents such as user guides and product specification documentation, responsible for proper training of clients after all completed installations of products.

EUROBROKERS SERVICES LTD., London, EC3A July 1996 - August 1997
Dealing Floor Support Engineer
Money Brokerage firm with dealing floor systems mainly CSK-QFS Invision. Responsible for all problems on floor as well as back-office and other PC workstations. First line service to all PC’s on site.
Upgrade and install all workstations on Novell 3.12 server and Invision servers.
Install and maintain Novell 3.12 workstations with Nwclient on Windows 3.11 and Windows95, this includes dual networking and loading all software packages.
Install Invision workstations for all traders from DOS base to Windows based PCs, allowing traders to access all financial information off of the services provided.
Looked after all vendor equipment i.e.: Reuters, DowJones Telerate, and Bloomberg. This includes Dealing2000, Classic and Open Bloomberg, ReutersSelctfeed and Selectfeedplus AMS and others.
All Cat5 cable work from workstations back to HUBs with blauns and MUXs also.

REUTERS AMERICA, INC., New York, NY June 1988 - June - 1996
Senior Field Service Representative
Leading in electronic information service, providing financial news, trading systems, and photo services.
Responsible for day-to-day installation and maintenance of the Reuters product line, both financial and media end of the business. Provide support for the Media/NewMedia services which included wire services via Newsfile, DOS based software and Newscast Windows-based, fed via FM, satellite or land line. Strong knowledge of small dish satellite installs.
Supported all Media clients throughout New York City. Set up highspeed wire services at various site including the United Nations, as well as the printed media clients and broadcasting corporations (i.e. NBC, ABC, BBC).
Maintained Dealing 2000 systems in many Foreign Exchange floors of major banks. Serviced and installed Reuter terminal units in the equities trading floors, including the New York Stock Exchange.
Key technician for News Picture service, including Mac generated photos. Initial technician for the introduction of the Reuter Financial Television product on all platforms.
Network Reuter terminals and SelectfeedPlus AMS. Knowledge of PTW Triarch and Prisim systems.

FLUORESCENT INSTALLATION COMPANY, Belfast, North Ireland 1985-1988
Electrical Contractor
Responsible for installations of light fittings for computer visual display units.
Estimated prices for commercial and residential customers.

EDUCATION
Belfast College of Technology, Belfast, N. Ireland, 1985-1987
Business and Technician Education Council
National Diploma in Engineering Technology
Alternative Computer School, NY, NY, 1995
Novell 3.12 courses
Beckenridge Training School, Belfast, N. Ireland, 1998
Year 2000 PC Support
INT Solutions, NY, NY 1999
Cisco Certified Network Associate, Course
Contact this candidate