Professional Summary:
Results-driven engineer with extensive experience in Sales and Marketing of Moulds, Plastic Processing Machinery like Injection Moulding Machines,and Polymers. Proven track record of building strong customer relationships, providing technical solutions, and driving revenue growth. Expertise in developing new markets, negotiating sales, and executing projects across various industries including automotive, infrastructure, medical, and packaging.

Skills:
Business Development
Effective Communication
Team Building & Leadership
Technological Skills
Sales Negotiations

Experience:
Sales Executive, Malaney Group - India
2004 - 2023
Marketed and Sold high-tech moulds for pipe fittings and other molded parts, injection moulding machines, extrusion plants, calendar machines, and compounding plants required for the production of corrugated pipes, films, sheets, and cables.Developed new markets for a variety of polymers such as HDPE, LDPE, LLDPE, PVC, EVA, and EBA offered by Repsol of Spain and SCGC of Thailand.

Successfully sold polymers to wire and cable compound producers, packaging material converters, pipe manufacturers, and automotive part moulders.

Established partnerships and sold machinery offered by leading manufacturers such as Comerio Ercole of Italy, MSA Engineering of UK, Kraussmaffei, Drossbach, and Berstorff of Germany.

Sales Manager, Battenfeld GmbH - India
1994 - 2003
Marketed and sold Extrusion plants, Injection moulding machines and Blow Moulding machines manufactured by Battenfeld, Germany.
Executed projects from concept to commissioning to produce HDPE pipes and pipe fittings.

Sales & Marketing Manager, Mafatlal Group & Klockner Windsor - India
1978 - 1994
Marketed and sold Injection Moulding Machines from Niigata of Japan, Blow Moulding Machines from Bekum of Germany, and Packaging Machines from Hayseen of USA.
Education:
Master of Business Administration - Indian Merchant Chambers, 1977 - 1978
Bachelor of Engineering, Mechanical – University of Mumbai, 1974 - 1977
References:
Available upon request.
Contact this candidate