Alex (Oleksandr) Zadorozhnii
** ******** **** (** years)
Fully authorized to work
Education: Kherson University of Water Resources.
Specialization: Hydromelioration engineer specialist Nationality: Ukrainian
Work permit: yes
Driver license: yes
Contact number: 786-***-**-**
(Viber, Telegram, WhatsApp)
Email: ad8ghp@r.postjobfree.com
Search purpose
I am looking for an interesting job that can provide a stable and good income, as well as prospects for career growth.
Professional qualities:
Decency, honesty, punctuality and responsibility. High efficiency and quick learner. I consider one of my main advantages to be the constant desire for professional and personal growth. Computer skills:
Advanced PC user, MS Office, Excel, Chrome, Adobe Photoshop, Visual Studio Code (VSC), TeamViewer, CTM, ability to work in the 1C program, CRM, CDK, DUO and ADP. Proficient in office equipment (scanner, printer, WiFi). Language skills:
I communicate fluently in Ukrainian and Russian.
Knowledge of English, also understand Belarusian and Polish languages Interests:
Sports, cars, computers, books and good films.
Other:
No bad habits, married. I have a driver's license (driving experience over 16 years). Experience:
Braman Hyundai & Genesis, (Certified Technician) Automotive knowledge, diagnostics, maintenance, technical documentation, tire replacement, wheel alignment, headlights, interior, reinstallation of engine and gearbox assembly, fuel pumps, speed sensors, etc. Customer communication repaired complex cases and solved extraordinary problems, got promoted from Hyundai to Genesis. I own a full set of tools. (I have many certificates and also continue to take advanced training courses) 2023 - 2024 (more than 1 year). Eurotrans-N (international road and rail transportation), Development Manager. Communication with Clients, Carriers, maintaining documentation, accounting for cargo in warehouses, tracking timely payments, searching and expanding the Client base and carrier base. I have experience communicating in English and Polish. Increased the Client base more than 7 times. Climbed the career ladder from an ordinary employee to a development manager (Worked in the company for more than 10 years) 2012 – 2023 Luxury furniture store. Packing, delivery, dismantling and installation premium furniture. Was involved in the installation of lamps and wall panels. Also delivered furniture to other states (truck driving experience). Restorer of wooden houses. (complete renovation of wooden houses) Automotive advisor, mechanic and salesperson.
Buying damaged premium cars from Copart, complete renovation, repaired, restored, search for clients and sold cars. More than 5 years of work experience with BMW, Audi, Porsche, Land Rover. Construction (puttying, sealing, spray painting, painting, wallpapering) 2023
Contact this candidate