Shardonnay Jones
Contact
Oak Park, IL
847-***-****
ad8g5m@r.postjobfree.com
Objective
Typically focusing on marketing growth, expanding market presence, identifying new opportunities, establishing and maintaining client to partner business growth all while creating and implementing effective business strategies to achieve targeted revenue.
Education
Truman College
Chicago, IL
Marketing
Orr Academy High School
Chicago, IL
High School Diploma
Key Skills
Sales
Marketing
CRM
Salesforce
Negotiation tactics
SAP
RAC
Adobe
Cold Calling
Business Coaching
Account Management
Leadership
Business Analytics
Revenue Enhancement
Event Planning
Project Management
Financial Planning
Business Management
Confluence
Experience
DEC. 2021 – JAN. 2023
Business Development Manager Avionos
Utilized account strategies to win new business and increase revenue with existing accounts. Helped companies create seamless integrated experiences that resulted in platform enhancements, platform solutions, and increased brand revenue. Collaborated with other departments to ensure client sales, satisfaction and customer experience. Worked with brand leaders, Adobe and Salesforce, by implementing a wide range of new functions to each brand owner’s platform. AUG. 2018 – OCT. 2021
Business Development Manager Guaranteed Rate, Inc. Developed and implemented KPIs to promote financial conversion. Ensured data integrity of CRM for accurate reporting of activity, prospects, and sales. Analyzed metrics, simplified findings, and presented results to key stake holders. Scouted and recruited new business, contacted buyers and listing agents on closed transactions, and identified business partners to re-engage. Assisted with the implementation, onboarding, and training of clients remotely and on-site. Produced marketing fliers and PowerPoint presentations for strategic email outreach for new engagement. Curated monthly networking events per business client. Mastered Gateless and Total Expert software to increase marketing tactics.
JAN. 2018 – MAY 2018
Credit Specialist US Bank Call Center (Dial America) Conducted cold calls in an attempt to present, propose, negotiate, and open new credit card accounts using consultive selling techniques. Completed data entry for incoming calls. Created marketing strategies to sell more credit cards. Extended additional assistance by answering customers’ questions and providing product and service information. Performed each call with a smile, positive demeanor and rigorous determination. Participated in continuous learning to stay on top of opportunities and improve the customer’s experience.
MAR. 2014 – DEC. 2017
Credit Specialist, Customer Service Manager Nordstrom Retrieved quarterly sales reports from each division. Created marketing campaigns to increase revenue. Visited stores in the Chicagoland area to lead team meetings, train staff, and update employees about new credit card promotions. Utilized problem solving skills and de-escalation tactics to diffuse customer issues. Organized weekly schedules for front end employees.
References
Available upon request.
Contact this candidate