Tatsuya A. WOODEN
*** ***** **.
Hopkinsville, KY 42240
Mobile: (270) 498- 9021

EXPERIENCE

Computershare
July 2020 – April 2023
Remote – Louisville, KY

Resolution Specialist
Full time : 40 hrs per week
Supervisor: Tiffany McGee
Phone: 270-***-****

Answering inbound calls from shareholders using appropriate call script
Maintaining accounts for existing shareholders
Updating information as needed for existing shareholders
Assisting in selling or buying stock
Utilizing available tools to solve shareholders request
Assisting beneficiaries on transferring account assets from deceased shareholders accounts
Directing calls to the appropriate department if unable to resolve issues

Toyota of Hopkinsville
April 2017 – February 2019
Hopkinsville, KY

Business Development Manager
Full time: 40 hrs per week
Supervisor: Winston Angel
Phone: 270-***-****

Answering and transferring inbound calls to appropriate department
Answering internet inquiries by email, text or phone in a timely manner
Ability to learn understand and follow call scripts
Identify sales leads among new and existing customers
Setting appointments with potential buyers for sales representatives
Working closely with service department to prospect potential sales
Ensuring accurate customer data is kept in administrative database
Distributing leads to qualified sales representatives based on their expertise about the product

Sisk Auto Mall October 2007 - May 2014
Hopkinsville, KY

Senior Sales/Floor Manager
Full time: 40 hrs per week
Supervisor: Wilson Sisk
Supervisor’s Phone
Supervisor email:

Provides clerical support to ensure efficient office operations.
Selling both new and used as well as finance and related product.
Selling and promoting Finance, Insurance products.
Uses the full range of functions, including advanced processes, of one or more word processing software applications to produce a wide variety of documents.
Demonstrating vehicles to customers, including taking them for drives.
Reporting to the vehicle Sales Manager on activities, reviews and analyses.
Meeting customers face to face and holding sales discussions with them.
Writing up sales contracts.
Operates office equipment such as copiers, fax machines, and scanners to create and format documents, spreadsheets, correspondences and reports.
Representing the company at trade exhibitions, events and demonstrations.
Negotiating the terms of a sales agreement and closing sales.
Following-up in-bound telephone enquiries, walk in prospects and emails enquiries.
Arranging appointments via Internet Leads.
Experience in routing and distributing mail, answering office telephones and refer calls to appropriate staff. Experience in providing general office clerical support in using judgment to answer recurring questions to resolve problems.
Preparing car purchase packages.
Creates calendars and reports, establishing and maintaining databases using advance automation equipment and software, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Microsoft.
Liaising with the showroom body shop to ensure that vehicle repairs are carried out quickly.
Applies knowledge of databases software to enter, revise, and retrieve data for standard reports.
Submit requisitions for office supplies, printing support, and related materials.
Submit budget/cost reports to ensuring proper approval of funding requests.
Ensures the proper information between the internal staff is given out about the distribution of mail within the offices.
Prepares and makes travel arrangements for the staff.
Input time and attendance information into an automated reporting system
Directs visitors and phone calls to appropriate personnel
Provides response to customers in person, electronic, and telephonic inquires.
Experience with updating, retrieving and manipulating date in spreadsheets

Cayce's Pharmacy June 2003 - June 2006
Hopkinsville KY

Certified Pharmacy Technician
Full time: 40 hours per week

Assists health care providers and patients by greeting them in person and by phone, answering questions and requests, referring inquiries to the pharmacist.
Maintains pharmacy inventory by checking pharmaceutical stock to determine inventory level, anticipating needed medications and supplies, placing and expediting orders, verifying receipt, removing outdated drugs.
Maintains a safe and clean pharmacy by complying with procedures, rules, and regulations.
Protects patients and employees by adhering to infection-control policies and protocols.
Organizes medications for pharmacist to dispense by reading medication orders and prescriptions, preparing labels, calculating quantities, assembling intravenous solutions and other pharmaceutical therapies.
Maintains records by recording and filing physicians' orders and prescriptions.
Ensures medication availability by delivering medications to patients and departments.
Prepares reports by collecting and summarizing information.
Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
Prepares sterile solutions in the pharmacy.
Interprets the physician's orders, selects and measures the appropriate ingredients and mixes in a safe effective manner.
Maintains records of the manufacturing process, labels the product and supplies it for delivery.
Enters correct drug, strength, dosage form and quantity into the patient's computerized record.
Explains pharmacy policies and prescription directions to patients as necessary.
Read and interpret prescriptions, obtain proper medication in the proper strength and dosage form
Determine proper amounts and counts, pours or measures the medications
Affix proper labels and record required data on Pharmacy's copy of prescription order
Dispense medication in ambulatory care or discharge situations (after a final check by Pharmacist)
Independently fills first dose medications, missing doses and unit dose carts for inpatient areas without routine secondary review
Document items dispensed in the unit dose computer package
Prepare IV admixtures
Maintain pre-determined level so automatic replenishment/ward stock medications for patient care areas
Assist with inventory management

ADDITIONAL COMPETENCIES

Excellent keyboarding and word processing skills, type over 30 WPM
Experience using various business machines including Fax, Copier and 10-Key
Computer skills include Windows, MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Access and Word Processing
Skilled in information gathering techniques.
Exceptional customer service skills
Knowledge and ability to maintain and develop various administrative directives including the ability to detect and eliminate conflicting information, overlap and duplication and to simplify. Knowledge of office functions to screen telephone calls and visitors, prepare and review correspondence, and perform other administrative work of the organization.
Skill to organize and ensure accuracy, particularly with large amounts of data.
Experience in personnel records maintenance and filing.
Ability to prioritize projects and coordinate with section heads to meet numerous project deadlines on a variety of subjects.
Possesses the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, using tact and courtesy with the ability to plan, organize work, and meet deadlines.
Ability to make decisions, resolve problems or discrepancies based on knowledge of rules, regulations, and procedures.
Ability to determine best software to use to enter, maintain and retrieve data and to compile reports, produce charts and graphs, or monitor project or program status. Knowledge of office administrative practices, and procedures, forms and publications management. Knowledge of the assigned organization’s management requirements
Ability to provide Administrative Support
Communicate tactfully and effectively, both orally and in writing, in order to meet program objectives. This may include preparing reports in various formats and presenting data to various organizational levels.
Skill in the use of tact, diplomacy, and cultural sensitivity in order to deal with patients, the public, and co-workers from varied and diverse backgrounds

EDUCATION

Hopkinsville Community College
Hopkinsville KY
25Credit Hours in Business Administration August 2004

High School Diploma
Christian County High School, Hopkinsville KY Graduated: May 2000

CERTIFICATIONS

Certified Sales Consultant December 2007

Pharmacy Technician Certification March 2006

REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
Contact this candidate