Michael Sanders
www.linkedin.com/in/michael-sanders-348a36228
619-***-**** • ad8iio@r.postjobfree.com

HVAC-R Service - Sales Manager - Estimator - Operations Manager - Sales
Regional Management / National Accounts / HVAC Manager
Results-oriented Service Manager-Estimator & Project Manager with extensive construction and sales experience. Demonstrated success in increasing regional and territory sales and achieved business objectives. Accomplished in assessing and fulfilling individual client needs.
Strategic in field sales and business development.
Skilled in plan reviews, conversions, and implementation.
Motivating team leader, trainer, and assertive communicator.
Knowledgeable in compliance policies and procedures.
Areas of Expertise:
HVAC Management
Program & Project Management
Customer Relations
Team Building & Leadership
Construction Management
Key Account Management
Budget Planning & Administration
Customer Service Excellence
Strategic Planning & Initiatives
Sales and Brand Management
Marketing Techniques & Mixes
Business Development & Growth
Human Resources Functions
Competitive Edge
Professional Experience
Regional Service Manager (2022 - present) Ryan Refrigeration Heating and Air, Phoenix AZ and Southern CA.
Build quotes and proposals for third party national accounts, CBRE, SMS, FMS, and many others. Manage and facilitate all service and special projects with the service team. Manage the scheduling of commercial projects, commercial refrigeration, residential HVAC installations, and repairs in all phases.
Senior Project Manager (2019-2022) Transform-Sears Home Services - San Diego, CA
Oversee the HVAC-Roofing daily field installations, managing the projects from beginning to end. Monthly revenue 250K-500K of new residential installations per month. Including: Scheduling, ordering, job costing, and all completion certifications. Assist sales representatives while at the in-home presentations.
PRESIDENTS CLUB - 2021

General Superintendent (2016 – 2019) Strang Heating and Air Conditioning – San Diego, CA
Oversee daily field installations of systems and equipment. Manage forty-five employees and $15M in commercial activity. Conduct onsite inspections of each project phase. Lead regular progress meetings to drive timely project completion.
Recruit staff and perform other human resources functions. Ensure compliance with safety protocol and procedures.
Selected Contributions:
Managed cost reduction for all processes. Designed and implemented improvements for better operational efficiency. Achieved worksite timelines and goals within deadline.

Regional Business Manager (2015-2016) ICP Carrier United Technologies – Lewisburg, TN – San Diego, CA
Managed $50M in enterprise activity for the southwest region. Endorsed and enhanced current sales offerings. Developed and presented new offerings.
Maintained existing customer base. Trained and established new distribution dealers.
Selected Contributions:
Increased territory margin by 5% in nine months.

In-Home Sales Advisor (2010 – 2012) ASI Heating and Air Conditioning – San Diego, CA
Directed in-home sales of HVAC equipment with complete installation to customers for Lennox, Mitsubishi, and York products.
Selected Contributions:
Achieved $640K in sales in 2010, over $1M in 2011, and nearly $1.5M in 2012.
Visited an average of 700 homes annually and maintained a closing ratio of 65% - 75%.
Pursuing warm and cold leads to drive sales growth.
Additional experience
Sales Manager (2012 – 2015) • Green Mechanical Cooling & Heating, Escondido, CA
Regional Ambassador Sales Contractor (2009 – 2010) • IMG Live, Spokane WA
Regional Sales Manager Telecom (2006 – 2009) • Alert Cellular, Washington, ID

Education and Credentials - Associate of Arts in Business, Pierce College, Los Angeles
Contact this candidate