BEST STUDENT AWARD AT ASIAN
LEADERS CONFRENCE AT OXFORD
UNIVERSITY, OXFORD, UNITED KINGDOM
AWARDED BEST STUDENT OF THE
YEAR AWARD BY INDIAS BIGGEST MEDIA
GROUP (TIMES GROUP. MUMBAI, INDIA .
Andheri west, Mumbai, India 400102
0091-982-***-****
yasir.khan.workpod@gmail,com
REWARDS &
RECOGNITIONS
QUALIFICATIONS
ACHEIVEMENTS
Edge - Hill University, Lancashire,
United Kingdom. 2011
Mumbai University,
Mumbai, India. 2002
Master Of Business Administration
Bachelor of Business
Yasir Khan
B u s i n e s s M a n a g e r
Business Development, Marketing, International Sales, Innovation, Project Management, Partner Relations, Team Building.
Aiming to provide the best of services using global experience of Business, Ability to think out of the box, creating ideas into long term strategy. Investing and training human resources into achieving optimum utilization of resources in line with institutions goals and objectives. Jan 2023- Aug 2023
Business Development /Operations /Sales
Propertyplateau.com Mumbai /Goa /Pune India
Business Development Manager
Conceived, Visualized & Implemented an area of 5000 sq. ft. (200 +Cover Restaurant in Mumbai).
Conceived, Visualized & Implemented an area of 8000 sq. ft. (150 + Cover Rooftop Restaurant in Goa).
induced cuisines like Arabic and Seafood.
Hired the entire kitchen staff including Chefs and the Kitchen Management. Achieved 4+ rating on google in the first year of operations The Average costing % between 35-40.
May 2017 - Nov 2022
UK Aggressively expanded from 3 stores to 8 stores in the City of London. induced cuisines like Arabic and Seafood.
Was in charge for bringing in partner accounts like Guisseppe Zanotti / Black Kaviar/ Balenciaga / Ralf Simmons / Mason Margiela.
Hired Sales Executives.
Created Training programs and Incentives plan in order to boost sales Business Development Manager. Feb 2014 - Dec 2016
Westside Clothing, London, U.K.
First year Target 15 million, Total sales 25 million pounds (Gilly Hicks) First year Target 8 million, Total sales 15 million pounds. (Hollister) Opened the first ever international Gilly Hicks lingerie store in Europe Opened and executed the first ever Hollister store in Europe Hired and trained more than 150 staff consisting of sales executives/stock & Jr. managers & cashiers & models.
Hired Sales Executives.
Created Training programs and Incentives plan in order to boost sales. Set up quarterly / monthly sales targets.
Department / Senior. Store Manager. Dec 2010 - Jan 2014 Gilly Hicks /Hollister, London, U.K.
First year Target 15 million, Total sales 35 million pounds. part of the recruitment & training Team for the entire staff for the 1st ever international store, outside United States.
Hired Sales Executives. junior Management
Created Training programs and Incentives plan in order to boost sales. created the unit's work/hour ratio, to measure productivity, and optimum usage of resources.
Assistant / Store Manager. Mar 2008 - Dec 2010
Abercrombie & Fitch, London, U.K.
Created "7THHVN" Clothing Brand in
London from inception to execution.
Conceptualized "Stealth-London "a
Premiere STREET WEAR brand from Pre-
Planning to Strategy, Market Segmentation,
Sourcing and Allocation.
Created the 7thhvn web sales strategy
from remote handling of website to complete
execution with sales, reaching 300,000
pounds in the first quarter.
Catered to high end celebs clientele for
shopping and styling needs, (Russell Peters,
Nicki Minhaj, Les Twins, Kelly Rowland etc.)
Introduced Philipp Plein ever in London
even before high end departmental stores in
London like Selfridges /Harvey Nichols etc.
Hit the highest single day sale ever 27,000
working as an individual Sales Associate at
Prada, Bond Street London UK.
Setup physical operations Mumbai,Goa & Pune.
Sourced Real Estate Projects, Across 3 Major Cities. Induced & Developed Business Relationships with best developers in industry Lodha, Hiranandani, Godrej etc.
Hired & Trained Employees for various positions..
Created Training Modules for the team.
Imparted & Groomed via Sales Training to the Employee . Grills & Charcoal Mumbai /Goa India
Biryani House Mumbai
Contact this candidate