David Beeksma
Senior Executive

520-***-**** ad8k60@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/dave-beeksma-453a1014/

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY:

Senior leader driving transformation in corporate, government, and non-profit organizations around the world. Master of Arts, Political Science & International Relations. Master of Arts, U.S. History. English (Native), Korean and Persian/Farsi (Advanced Intermediate), Arabic and French (Basic).

Specialization: Program Management, Education, Government Relations, Intelligence, Executive Leadership, Corporate Governance, Negotiation & Mediation, Strategic Communication, and Organizational Transformation.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Program Manager
2022-Present
Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA), U.S. Department of Interior, Tohono O’odham Reservation, Arizona

Manage the second largest Native American reservation in the U.S. – an area the size of the state of Connecticut. Represent the United States Congress in negotiations with tribal governments. Direct multi-million-dollar government programs affecting the health, safety, and prosperity of tens-of-thousands of residents. Oversee billions of dollars of natural, commercial, real estate, and cultural resources. Lead emergency management, law enforcement, educational support, economic development, mining, and infrastructure design and maintenance activities, ensuring the safety, security, and growth of over 100 communities.

Leadership and coordination of tribal, state, and Federal agencies in response to the 2022 Contreras wildfire credited with saving $1Billion U.S. Kitt Peak National Observatory. Negotiated the largest transfer of Federal land to local Native control since 1937. Secured $10 million+ in new funding for critical facility renovations and environmental clean-up efforts.

President & CEO
2020 – Present (Concurrent with BIA Position)
Red Cliff Business Development Corporation, Red Cliff, Wisconsin

Lead a multi-million-dollar tribally owned Native American business development corporation, operating diverse business units from commercial sales and logistics support to food processing and tourism. Advise senior tribal leaders on economic development strategies, guide subordinate business units, design, review, and assess Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), provide strategic direction to Executive Director (ED), Chief Financial Officer (CFO), and other C-Staff, manage relations with Tribal government, customers, and other stakeholders, establish strategic partnerships with government agencies and other businesses.

Launched turnaround that restructured a decade of bad corporate debt and returned the business to solvency and profitability in 14 months. Developed and implemented 500-day Strategic Plan leading to the acquisition of three new business units. In first year in role, led corporation to first year-on-year net profits in six years.

International Program Manager
2017 – 2020
Ministry of Defense Advisors Program, Defense Security Cooperation Agency / Office of the Secretary of Defense-Policy, Department of Defense, Kabul, Afghanistan

Established Afghanistan Security Cooperation Program Management Office (PMO), identifying strategic needs, acquiring the resources to accomplish them, and monitoring their responsible use. Directed over 80 senior U.S. government officials, established and assessed KPIs, evaluated security assistance programs distributing over $1 billion dollars in annual aid.

Improved accountability and efficiencies allowed U.S. to responsibly reduce expenses by over $650 million dollars. Established Afghanistan Country Office, grew program by 30% between 2017-19, the largest expansion in the history of the organization.

Director of External Affairs
2015 – 2017
Office of the Special Trustee (OST) for American Indians, Department of Interior, Washington DC

Senior advisor to the Special Trustee for American Indians, a presidential appointee ensuring the U.S. meets its Native American trust, treaty, and legal obligations. Engaged tribal leaders, youth, members of Congress, academia, non-governmental organizations, and the media. Represented the organization in all dealings with the U.S. Congress. Communicated the organization’s vision for management of a $5 billion-dollar trust fund.

Established OST’s strategic communication and engagement programs, led national outreach and branding campaign resulting in a 300% increase in positive media coverage of the organization, built support in Congress for approval of OST $109 million annual budget.

Director of Strategic Initiatives
2009 – 2015
HQ, U.S. Army Network Enterprise Technology Command (NETCOM), Fort Huachuca, AZ

Senior strategist and program manager for a 22,000-person defense information technology organization serving over 1.2 million customers in 22 countries around the world. Researched, selected, and resourced next generation technologies. Built cooperative relationships with Congressional members and staff, academia, industry, and other stakeholders. Directed organization’s strategic communication and marketing activities.

Spearheaded communication and marketing strategy that secured a Congressional appropriation of $1.1 billion – the largest in the history of the organization. Established national cyber-security recruiting program, bringing hundreds of IT and security professionals into the U.S. government.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Senior Transformation Consultant (Five Domains, Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia): Advised the Saudi government in modernizing its national intelligence organizations. Developed policies, strategic plans, governance models, doctrine, organizations, and processes, assessed critical intelligence capabilities, capacity, and requirements. Efforts led to approval of $100 million expansion in the Kingdom’s intelligence enterprise.

Director of International Agreements (International Security Assistance Force, Afghanistan): Negotiated visa waiver program, preventing the expulsion of 25,000 Americans from Afghanistan and the assessment of $50 million+ per year in fees to the U.S. government.

Senior Advisor to Minister of Mines and Petroleum (International Security Assistance Force, Afghanistan): Negotiated $700 million dollar Amu Darya Basin oil and natural gas contract, conducted field assessments of Rare Earth Mineral, copper, nickel, and hydrocarbon resources.

EDUCATION & TRAINING:
MA, Political Science & International Relations, American Public University
MA, U.S. History, American Military University
BA, History, University of Maryland
Graduate, Army Management Staff College
Six Sigma Green Belt
Contact this candidate