Harold Gibbs
469-***-****
ad8kom@r.postjobfree.com

EXECUTIVE PROFILE

Sales, Business Development & Strategic/Channel Partner Leader with Over 20 years of strong technical, sales, marketing & management experience with leading technology organizations such as Verizon, Ericsson, Nokia, Vodafone, Sprint, T-Mobile, Tellabs, Dell, and AT&T/SBC. Providing IoT and XR sales leadership and strategic direction in SAAS, platforms and hardware solution sales. Know how and experience in spearheading and leading effective IoT, AR/MR sales strategies across a wide variety of verticals and enterprises.
Vertical Sales & Marketing Strategist Extensive experience in developing solutions for a variety of key verticals such as Distribution, Logistics, Oil & Gas, Transportation, Healthcare, Retail, Media, and Technology.
Internet of Things, Augmented/Mixed Reality and Mobile Strategist with a successful track record of technology consulting, strategy development, sales team knowledge transfer and solution support in challenging environments. Talent for quickly mastering new technologies and delivering technical sales expertise to create sound connected IoT and mobile solutions and associated value-added services.

PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS

Successfully developed TeamViewer Strategic and Channel partner program for the Americas region.
Increased Verizon sales opportunities and activity in Transportation, Distribution and Construction vertical accounts by 200 percent from 2014 – 2017.
Grew Verizon transportation module IOT Connected device sales in from 2014 – 2017 by over 250 percent.
Acted in Technical sales overlay role for engagements closed at $10 – $30 million dollars.
Managed large engagements in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Latin America & the Caribbean.
Partnered with Verizon Wireless Strategic account sales teams to increase sales as much as 200% while Data Sales manager.
Partnered with organizations such across Verizon business & Vodafone in expanding technical solutions across business channels on a U.S. and global basis.
Managed - large technical engagements to numerous Fortune 500 and 1000 organizations.
Managed - sales engineers and technical salespersons as sales director and data sales manager.
Managed 15 – 20 data center technicians during my tenure in the United States Air Force as Data Center Manager.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Arrow Intelligent Solutions (AIS) Jan 2023 – Aug 2023
Business Development Manager – Operational Technology System Integrators
Establishing relationships and partnerships with Tier 1 Systems Integrators, VARs, and a range of technology partners across the globe. Partnerships established around Digital Transformation, Operational technologies, IoT/IIoT, Cellular, 5G, Satellite, AI, ML and other Edge technologies.

Arrow Intelligent Solutions (AIS) Mar 2022 – Jan 2023
Sales Solution Engineer/Solution Architect
Provides Pre-Sales Edge, IoT/OT, Server, Edge Gateway and other Solution Architecture consulting to Arrow Intelligent Solutions (AIS) customers. Provides expert solutions & framework recommendation, solution overview, partner coordination and alignment as well as complementary professional services.
TeamViewer – Largo, Fl Sept 2020 – Sept 2021 AR/IoT Americas Strategic Alliance/Channel Partner Manager
Managing & developing SAAS AR & IoT strategic/channel partnerships in the US, Canada, Latin America and globally including top blue chip, management, augmented reality (AR) Smart glasses brands as well as other top technology organizations. Developed new successful partner program for TeamViewer Americas comprehensively from the ground up working with TeamViewer colleagues in Germany and internationally.

Chariiot (IoT) Solutions – Coppell, TX Sept 2019 - Sept 2020
Founder
IoT Consulting, business development and sales targeting smart cities, autonomous vehicles, drones, drone delivery and other robotics solutions ahead of 5G global proliferation. Development of edge autonomy connectivity solutions as a startup. Acted as IoT & 5G consultant for several contract partner companies.

Sprint/T-Mobile – Irving, TX Sept 2018 – Sept 2019
IoT Client Director
Consulting and Management of IoT Sales for Sprint primarily in the Startup/SMB sector for the 5-state region including TX, OK, LA, AR, NM. Additionally, provided IoT pricing, platform, and market development for IoT clients globally. Consults with IoT clients on technical requirements such as product design, IoT chipset, SW, module, device selection and integration. Establishes and works with IoT partners such as Ericsson, WNC, Sierra Wireless and others to meet Sprint clients needs end to end. Focused specifically on autonomous vehicle, drone, supply chain, healthcare, retail and video security companies and applications.

Verizon Wireless – Irving, TX/San Diego, CA/Boca Raton, FL May 2007 – May 2017
Client Partner Connected Solutions – Irving, TX 2014 – 2017
National IoT solutions expert and advisor for some of Verizon’s largest distribution, airline & construction clients such as Brinks, Loomis, Miller Coors, Dr Pepper, AECOM, Parsons, Flour, as well as American and Southwest Airlines.
Client Partner Connected Solutions (Healthcare vertical) – San Diego, CA 2012 - 2014
National IoT solutions expert and advisor for some of Verizon’s largest Healthcare clients such as HCA, Kaiser Permanente, AMR/EMSC, Molina, Providence, and Catholic Health.
Retail IoT Solutions Consultant & Innovation Center Advisor – Irvine, CA 2009 - 2012
West Region IoT solutions expert and advisor for some of Verizon’s key retail clients such as Starbucks, Amazon, Nordstrom, PetSmart, REI, Sports Authority (Dicks), Sephora, Williams Sonoma, and many others. Additionally, performed the role of IoT business advisor at the establishment of Verizon’s Innovation Center in Silicon Valley.
M2M/Data Solutions Manager – Lewisville, TX 2008 - 2009
Pre – IoT, M2M data solutions expert for all accounts and verticals in the Central/North Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas areas. This included key accounts such as Walmart, Pepsi, Exxon, 711, American Airlines, Southwest Airlines, FBI, Flour, Dr. Pepper, and others.
M2M/Data Solutions Manager – Boca Raton, Fl 2007 - 2008
Pre – IoT, M2M data solutions expert for all accounts and verticals in the South Florida area such as Florida Power & Light, Ryder Systems, Office Depot, Lennar, Carnival Cruise Lines, Spirit Airlines, and many others.

Ericsson – Plano, TX 2005 – 2006
Wireless Device and Platform Engineer - Successfully lead wireless device strategy Blackberry/Good server administration and wireless device security administration for U.S. Ericsson user base. Ensured successful planning, deployment, security, and support of over 1000 wireless handsets and modems working with Ericsson global teams in Sweden, Canada, and Brazil.

CDW – Vernon Hills, IL 2005 Networking Sales Specialist - Sales overlay position responsible for the sales and engineering of Cisco, HP, and other solutions to customers ranging from Fortune 500 to SMB. Over 1 million in solutions engineered and sold
as a result.

The Lewis Group – Eatontown, NJ, 2004
Director of Sales - Managed the sales and engineering of Tellabs and Nokia Wireless/Wireline infrastructure and applications to Key Accounts in over 15 Caribbean and LATAM countries. Managed a team of two sales engineers.

Ericsson – Plano, TX 2000 – 2002 Senior Account Sales Manager, Ericsson, 2000 – 2002, Plano, TX. Led the sales and overall engagements of 2G/3G GSM, GPRS, CDMA, SMS and other wireless infrastructure to the WorldCom (Verizon Business) and Sprint Accounts. Worked jointly with the Global Ericsson team in the U.S., U.K., Germany, and Canada to pioneer wireless technologies, solutions, and services. Managed and coordinated teams of engineers and services sales personnel and customer application consultants and project managers in the successful completion of numerous initiatives.

EDUCATION

UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX, Master of Business Administration (MBA) Electronic Business
PARK UNIVERSITY (AUSTIN, TX CAMPUS), BS, Marketing/Sales Management
TEXAS STATE UNIVERSITY (SAN MARCOS, TX)

OTHER EDUCATION, BUSINESS

MIT (Mass Institute of Technology) IoT Certificate
SMU COX School of Business – Strategic and National Accounts Management
Harvard Business School Online – Negotiating for Results, Thinking Strategically
AT&T/SBC Managers Course U.S. Air Force Leadership School

TECHNICAL CERTIFICATIONS

Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE)
Cisco Certified Sales Expert (CCSE)
Dell Networking, Storage Certifications
Nortel Networks Certified Account Specialist (NNCAS)
HP Procurve Certified Sales Professional (ASP)
EMC (Legato) Co-Standby Server Certified Engineer
McAfee Security Product Specialist

TECHNICAL TRAINING

Ericsson LTE Technologies Course
CWNP - Certified Wireless Network Professionals Course
ISC – Certified Information Systems Security (CISSP) Professionals Course
AT&T/SBC Internet/Data Sales Course

MILITARY EXPIERIENCE
USAF – Honorable Discharge, USAF Achievement Medal, Operation Desert Storm Medal, USMC – Honorable Discharge
Contact this candidate