TERRANCE D. DARGAN
ad8mtc@r.postjobfree.com 862-***-****

District Sales Manager/Senior Clinical Sales Consultant/Business Development Manager
Strategic Sales Planning / Market Expansion / Relationship Management

Dynamic entrepreneurial sales management strategist with a 12+ year record of achieving and demonstrated success driving significant revenue growth while providing award winning sales leadership in highly competitive markets. Adept at improving sales team performance. Exceptional mentor and coach. Tenacious in building new business, securing customer loyalty, and forging strong relationships with external business partners. Track record for consistently exceeding aggressive sales quotas.
Core competencies include:
Strategic Market Positioning International Distributor Relationship Building
Solution Selling Strategies Territory Growth/Development
Team Building High-Impact Sales Presentations
Key Client Retention Organizational Leadership
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

AMAZON DELIVERY DRIVER SEPTEMBER 2023 - JANUARY 2024
Picked up packages from staging and fulfillment warehouse.
Sort packages by zip code and town.
Follow all safety protocols to assure packages arrive safely and in a timely manner.
Full route consist of 180 deliveries a day.
Trained 34 drivers due to safe driving record.

INSURANCE BROKER/OWNER MARCH 2017 – PRESENT
COMMUNITYCARE & ADVOCACY L.L.C. – Newark NJ
COMMUNITYCARE & ADVOCACY L.L.C. is a Health and Life Insurance Brokerage Firm that represents multiple lines of insurance to assure customizable plans for qualified prospects.
Appointed with all major insurance companies in the tri-state area to aggressively provide optimal plans for all qualified beneficiaries. Develop lasting relationships with key community leaders to aggressively grow all health and life insurance plans within the target market. Develop all presentations for various community organizations for future partnerships.
Selected Achievements & Responsibilities:
Develop local sites in target market to make sure the plans are being presented to qualified beneficiaries.
Develop relationships with key community leaders to provide a platform to present all plans.
Initiated home appointments with beneficiares seeking to gain additional insurance.
Submit enrollment forms to perspective insurance entities for processing in a timely manner.
Provide high level customer service to all members.
Maintain a detailed book of business to abide by all insurance regulations and CMS guidelines.
Provide effective solutions to member issues, for both internal and external customers.
Maintain a high level of ethics in the field to produce quality applications with low disenrollment.
Provide innovative and proactive ideas on a day to day basis to remain competitive in the health industry.
TERRANCE DARGAN PAGE TWO
Benefits Consultant May 2016 to March 2017
Wellcare Health Plans- Newark, NJ
Wellcare Health Plans of New Jersey is one of the largest HMO’s in the nation with over 4 million members and 3.8 billion in assets.
Responsible for developing marketing sites with pharmacist and health care providers in all northern New Jersey Counties. Assisted providers with in office issues and member issues to obtain high member retention. Engaged in educational events and health screenings for target market. Maintained a monthly quota and resolved member issues in a timely manner.
Selected Achievements & Responsibilities:
Developed marketing sites.
Maintained up to date insurance license through continue education classes.
Followed all Insurance laws and regulations put forth by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services
Presented the correct health insurance plans to qualified prosects.
Submitted all enrollment forms to medicare in a timely manner.
Provided a high level of customer service to all clients.

DISTRICT SALES MANAGER 2008 – DECEMBER 2015
HEALTH FIRST INSURANCE CO. OF NEW JERSEY- Newark, NJ
HealthFIrst Insurance Co. of New Jersey is the fastest growing HMO in Northern New Jersey with a yearly surplus as a Non-profit organization of $384 million.
Oversee 28 marketing representatives in 12 northern counties. Developed and enhanced business relationships with major community leaders to assist with our grass roots initiative of becoming the premiere health plan for Medicare and Medicaid recipients. Provide step-by-step breakdowns of our special needs health plan to larger hospitals and federally funded clinics. Provide training, coaching and mentoring to all direct reports. Created schedules for each representative on a monthly basis to adhere to strict CMS guidelines. Worked closely with all heads of other departments to resolve all customer issues both externally and internally. Develop all presentations for various community organizations for future partnerships. Maintained a high level of productivity to meet personal and company-wide goals.,
Selected Achievements & Responsibilities:
Coached, trained, and mentored all direct reports to assure optimal selling success on a monthly basis.
Created all excel schedules on a monthly basis to adhere with strict CMS guidelines.
Scanned and checked all submitted enrollment applications for errors and missing information.
Held monthly team meetings to address any concerns from the marketing representatives.
Provided innovative and proactive ideas on a day to day basis to remain competitive in the health industry.
Provided effective solutions to members and customers.
Responsible for obtaining monthly goals and quotas in any type of market.
TERRANCE DARGAN PAGE THREE

EASTERN REGION SENIOR PRODUCT SPECIALIST 2003 – 6/2008
MILESTONE SCIENTIFC CORPORATION – Livingston, NJ

Milestone Scientific is the leading innovator in Computer Controlled Anesthetic Delivery (CCLAD) with annual revenues exceeding $20 million.

Oversee all sales and business development functions, including new product rollouts, key account management, customer relationship development, and order fulfillment. Hold P&L and budget responsibilities. Provide cross- functional team training, coaching, and mentoring. Direct, train, and present to network of internal sales employees, outside sales/marketing associates located throughout the U.S. and international distributors located in South Africa, Germany, Canada, and Latin America. Design, implement, and adjust various sales plans and programs for implementation of flagship product into the medical and dental offices. With a focus on multi-million dollar esthetic arena.
Selected Achievements & Responsibilities:
Present, train and sell to medical and dental professionals on giving injections with a computerized local anesthetic delivery system.
Create promotions and pricing for all products in addition to assisting in hiring of new hires.
Responsible for management and training of 15 person staff i.e. appointment setting, cold calling/prospecting, territory assignment.
Responsible for technical support of Milestone Scientific products.
Create and facilitate extensive training modules to be utilized as additional training is needed.
Instrumental in complete turnaround of underperforming sales teams, set higher expectations and instituted individual team-member accountability resulting in 215% revenue increase over three years.
Met and exceeded all quotas throughout tenure, averaging more than $750k in annual sales in territory extending from Toronto, Canada, Florida and as far west as Chicago, Illinois while earning multiple company awards in recognition of performance.
Media appearances on CNBC, FOX 5 News, contributor ot numerous dental articles on CCLAD. Attended medical/dental industry tradeshows.
Consistently developed strong, sustainable relationships with international satellite offices in Cape Town, Johannesburg, Durban, South Africa, Rodermark Germany, Netherlands, China and many other international distributing partners.

TERRANCE DARGAN PAGE FOUR

EDUCATION, TRAINING, & HONORS

Morgan State University – Baltimore MD
BSPE MAY 1995
NASA/Morgan Engineering Enrichment Scholarship
12/04 – 12/05 Received Achievement Award for top sales for two consecutive years with over 412k in bonuses each year.
12/6 – Inducted into the Presidents Club for achieving sales over $350 for 2006
12/7 Inducted into the Presidents Club for achieving sales over $290 for 2007
8/11 Promoted from marketing representative to District Medicare Sales Manager
1/13 Ranked #2 District Sales Manager in all of Health First both NY and NJ for production.
6/14 Absorbed 8 new marketing representatives and became only District Sales Manager in NJ/

Computer Skills
Microsoft Office
Sales Logix
REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
Contact this candidate