STUART ROUSH
*** *. ********* **., #*** Phoenix, AZ 85004
480-***-**** ad8npi@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY AND DISTINGUISHING QUALIFICATIONS

I am dedicated to a sales career that is challenging and will fully exploit my acumen in sales, networking, customer service, marketing, business development, and achieving goal-driven results. I have met, or exceeded sales goals, over time, and I have taken on roles training and mentoring colleagues. My experiences as a sales and marketing manager have allowed me to develop vast and helpful skills to produce exemplary sales results. I have experience with various respected sales paradigms and software. I am skilled and comfortable in all facets of sales and marketing including office tasks, professional networking and reach-out activities. I effectively balance telephonic, mail, face-to-face and digital prospect contacts to be highly efficient and productive. I am equally comfortable working individually and in team settings to exceed sales objectives and goals. I have management experience, prior retail sales and luxury hotel front-office and sales work experience. I have master’s degree from a top-four, nationally ranked university (U.S. News & World Report). I am certified in mediation and conflict resolution, also. I have prior, long-term employment within the judicial branch of government. I have three years experience as an adjunct professor in sociology, criminology, ethics courses and experience in being my own boss in international education in Europe and Asia. My combined team-development, and sales management experiences have well prepared me for a leadership role in sales, and business development, I believe my prior experience overall, gives me competency and maturity, paired with a proven track record of success that will make me an exemplary asset to your company.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND RELEVANT STRENGTHS

Use of various sales software (Salesforce, Trello, Oracle, Enquire, Sherpa, Sparrow, Yardi, Hubspot).
Creative problem-solver, increased call to tour rate & close rates by 20% (avg.).
Exceptional ability to surpass organizational benchmarks and expectations. Maintained 94-100% census (over time).
Proficient in sales and marketing best-practices, and CRM metrics and analytics.
Utilized as a mentor and in-house trainer by prior employers, sales & operations.
Specialized training in cognitive behavioral techniques highly valued in sales and marketing arenas.
Management experience including supervision of up to thirty staff members.
Over three years experience as a self-employed, international trainer and educator.
Consistently have met or exceeded sales/marketing objectives and goals.
Comfortable and competent working independently or in team settings.
Conversant in Spanish, lived overseas (Europe and Asia), and multi-cultural by nature.
Health conscious and committed marathon runner.

STUART ROUSH – Page 2

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

2020-Present Director Of Sales & Marketing Olive Grove & Pueblo Norte
2019-2020 Sales & Marketing Director Sagora Senior Living
2018-2019 Outside Sales Manager All My Sons Moving & Storage
2016-2017 Sales and Marketing CORT Business Services
2015- 2016 Sales Manager Mallard Cove Senior Living
2012- 2015 Education and Sales Roush International Training
2011- 2012 Restaurant Manager Illitch Holdings Company
1997- 2011 Senior Probation Officer Maricopa County Superior Court
1995-1997 Adult Probation Officer Mohave County Superior Court
1996 & 2006-07 Adjunct Professor Mohave and Glendale College(s)
1994-1995 Adult Parole Officer Missouri Dept. of Corrections

EDUCATION

Master of Arts in Criminology: M.A., University of Missouri, St. Louis

Bachelor of Science in Administration of Justice: B.S., University of Missouri, St. Louis

Chancellor’s Certificate in Mediation and Conflict Resolution: University of Missouri, St. Louis

Real Estate Salesperson License: Inactive (Expiration 12/2024) California
Contact this candidate