Bret Fenton
Elk Grove, CA 707-***-****
ad8nwq@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn
Territory Sales Manager
Business Development/Account Growth/Market Strategies
Results-focused Sales Manager with extensive experience managing market development, sales strategies, distribution channels, and clients/vendors to achieve significant revenue initiatives for new and existing products and services. Repeated success in tailoring solutions to client needs by working with cross-functional departments to deliver customized innovation. Drive revenue through successful go-to-market expansion plans and strategies by combining a background in business development, sales, marketing, and business client management (B2B). Experienced in the wine, hospitality, and outdoor retail industries.

•Building Marketing Channels
•Go-to-Market Strategies
•Product Positioning
•Account Management
•High-Impact Growth Strategies
•Project Management
•Tradeshow Participation
•Product Lifecycle Management
•Research & Trend Analysis
Key Accomplishments
Surpassed sales forecasts by 18% for the first time in the San Diego territory, increased depletions in the county, and contributed to annual team growth of 20% at Duckhorn Wine Company.
Drove new business development at Chappellet Winery by creating sales/marketing campaigns focused on attracting new business using messaging tailored to the customer base, capitalizing on brand identity, and using consumer touch points.
Built a start up territory from zero to $750k per annum additional depletions through aggressively pursuing accounts, building relationships, and delivering a reliable service at Duckhorn Wine Company.
Continued to establish Duckhorn Wine Company as a key player in multiple categories by working with national brand management to formulate strategies to increase the existing market share and brand awareness.
Won multiple awards including Distributor of The Year (2015) and Wine Spectator Award of Excellence, and Wine Enthusiast Award of Unique Distinction.
Education & Credentials
BA, English, U.C. Berkeley
Cambridge RSA CELTA, San Francisco
Certifications
WSET Level 3/Advanced – With Distinction
Professional Experience

FAILLA WINES, St. Helena, CA 2021 – 2022
Sales and Hospitality

Our two person team regularly sells as much as the eight person team did prior to Covid shutdowns.

CAKEBREAD CELLARS, Rutherford, CA 2020 – 2021
Guest Experience Host

Excelled in Wine Club hospitality, elevated Culinary experiences, Corporate and Private Virtual Tastings.

TITUS VINEYARDS, St. Helena, CA 2019 – Covid Shutdown 2020
Sales

Evolving position with roles in Hospitality/Sales, Distributor Support, public view materials Editing and Content Creation, Staff Education, Trade Hospitality Program Development and Maintenance at this family owned vineyard and winery in Napa Valley.

CHAMBERS AND CHAMBERS WINE MERCHANTS, San Francisco, CA 2018 – 2019
Southern California Chain Sales Representative

Ground floor initiative in this brand-new position. Developing relationships with Pavilions and Whole Foods accounts in Los Angeles, Orange County, and San Diego. Maintenance of current placements and development of new placements with targeted customer service, tastings, in store demos etc.
Increased sales by over 30% in Southern California chain accounts.
Developed systems and best practices for this new position.

DUCKHORN WINE COMPANY, St. Helena, CA 2015 - 2018
CA Chain Sales Representative
Achieve initiatives to help seven wineries meet revenue targets by developing and implementing sales growth strategies. Identify marketing improvements while discussing new products and/or services by tracking results and monitoring deviations from sales targets to readjust strategies accordingly.
Contribute to maintaining and growing six winery’s images as a premier luxury brand in the chain market using tactics to elevate the assortment, resulting in driving new business development with additional product categories.
Expand market reach to attract multiple customer demographics by creating sales/marketing campaigns focused on introducing the brand using messaging tailored to diverse clientele.
Increased territory depletions by $750K in first year. Consistently meet and exceed goaled growth of 18% to 23% .

CHAPPELLET WINERY, St. Helena, CA 2013 – 2015
Winery Trade Liaison (2014 - 2015)
Spearheaded sales, management of trade and industry guest visits to the winery and vineyard, and national sales placements in a position designed to drive growth and improve systems/reporting/processes.
Grew the customer base with a consultative approach to overcome objections and strengthen relationships, resulting in amplifying sales by 15% each period and exceeding Wine Club signup goals by 25%.

Estate Host (2013 - 2014)
Acted as an information resource, providing extensive background in wine education, sales, and hospitality to manage guests, increase memberships, and exceed sales goals.
Improved operations by growing the team by 50% and collaborating with staff on methods to discuss new products and/or member services, leading to 50% increase in tour and tasting reservations.
Identified sales improvements by tracking results and monitoring deviances from targets using relationship marketing, promotions, and sales to attract brand interest from diverse clientele.
Increased wine club sign ups by 18% for 2013 with regular boosts to sales each period.

COLE'S CHOPHOUSE, Napa, CA 2008 – 2013
Fine Dining Server
Cole’s was the final restaurant in a span of years of service in Napa, San Francisco, and Palm Springs

RATTLESNAKE RESTAURANT, Palm Desert, CA 2007 – 2008
Consultant, Wine Director Wine Spectator Award of Excellence, Wine Enthusiast Award of Unique Distinction
Enhanced the competitive positioning of the organization by identifying, developing, and fostering a multiple award winning wine program.
Built a well-informed, high performing staff that exceeded expectations by training and developing members to expand product knowledge and customize offerings in nightly tasting menus with wine pairings.
Increased 1st year sales by developing an unrivalled reputation for exceptional wine events, resulting in growing wine sales by 20% vs previous location.
Provided F&B for 5000 guests over five days at the Bob Hope Chrysler Classic PGA Tournament.

BLEND RESTAURANT, La Quinta, CA 2005 - 2007
Wine Director/Floor Manager Wine Spectator Award of Excellence

Developed the wine program for this Chef owned restaurant. Staff selection, training and management for staff of 20.
Contact this candidate