JOHN LAMPE
ad8nbq@r.postjobfree.com Adairsville, GA
REGIONAL WINE & SPIRITS REVENUE GROWTH LEADER
Analytical and Proactive Sales Leader: Adept at devising unique approaches and programs that deliver strong, measurable, and sustainable results. Proven track record of leading exceptional growth within the wine and beverage industry. Catalyst for positive change with more than 25 years of relationship, consultative and progressive selling experience that consistently discovered new and existing business development opportunities. Created constructive ties with a broad and diverse group of cross-functional business partners, influenced key stakeholders, and established a cooperative climate across multiple departments. Strong understanding of the marketplace with experience analyzing market intelligence to garner share in a competitive environment. KEY SKILLS & COMPETENCIES
Driving Growth Category Insights Brand Awareness Industry Trends Channel Management KPIs Customer Management Reports Analysis Sales Strategy Distributor Management Budgeting Pricing Relationship Building Inventory Management Sales Cycles Negotiation Forecasting Team leadership MS Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint VIP IRI Encompass Diver BDN/GBI PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
RUTHERFORD WINE COMPANY Atlanta, GA 2022 – 2024
Southeast Regional Sales Manager
Liased with a family-owned portfolio of thirteen wines from Napa Valley, Lodi, and Monterey, overseeing 8,850 accounts in an eight-state region and Washington DC. Accountable for 12 wholesalers and conducting distributor planning sessions with senior management. Responsible for retail chain accounts,retail chain pricing, presentations and promotion.
Boosted number of accounts by 7.1% while enhancing account revenue by 23.8% YoY
Gained increase of 30% sales and 54% distribution in Publix, and 6% sales and 13% distribution in Kroger, on Predator and Rutherford Ranch.
Expanded Region dollar sales by $1.8M over a 1 year period
Attained 23.4% of total company revenue from Southeast Region F ITVINE WINE Atlanta, GA 2021 – 2022
Region Manager
Administered pricing, marketing, and physical sales support for 3,675 accounts within region. Executed sales to specific collection of Key accounts in multiple states to grow overall regional business. Collaborated with Wholesale Division Managers and Area Managers on pricing and programming to maximize volume and distribution goals.
Expanded account footprint within portfolio by 9.8% while expanding account revenue by 5.4% YoY
Impacted broad distribution in non-MPS Publix with placement program of FitVine Pinot Noir and Sauvignon Blanc o Achieved 510 new KPIs, +300 points of distribution, and $127K of orders from Publix over LY 2021
Increased Region dollar sales by $2.1M over 1 year period
Accounted for 31.5% of total company revenue from Southeast Region ATLANTA BEVERAGE CO. Atlanta, GA 2019 – 2021
Sales Analytics Manager / Wine & Spirits
Guided sales force daily to manage strategic account planning and provide insight for effective decision-making. Collected and analyzed sales data from the Wine & Spirits Team from iDig/VIP and presented targets and goals to 2 Team Leaders and 12 Account Managers. Led sales force in driving revenue-gaining opportunities and administered all data-based systems for the Wine & Spirits Team.
Improved territory mapping and collaborated with DM to initiate quarterly bonus system to promote retention rate, led to improvement from 25% to 84%
Determined targets and built measurable programs for placements and volume, positively impacting revenue o +43% (2019) and +47% (2020)
Found Distribution gap of 60 accounts in Moonrise Bourbon, a Georgia boutique whiskey within retail sector led to revenue spike of $21.5K
Implemented generation of weekly sales reports versus monthly, enabled improved goal visibility for sales reps OAK RIDGE WINERY Atlanta, GA 2016 – 2019
Region Manager
Represented family-owned portfolio of 6 brands from Lodi California, includes OZV, Old Soul, Maggio, Lodi Estate, Moss Roxx, and Rocky’s Block. Conceptualized pricing strategies based on analysis of budgets, market conditions and brand strategic plan. Built solid and trusting partnerships in both On-Premise and the Independent Retail sectors throughout the Region.
Initiated addition of OZV Red Blend and Rose into Publix LV Warehouse, enabling a net effect of advancing ACV from 26% to 38% (2017), and raising market share of key volume brands by 78%
Advanced business by $2.1M (2016), $4.6M (2017), and $3.4M (2018)
Secured OZV Red and Rose into Publix LV warehouse (2016) accounting for 12,000 cases of sales CANNONBALL WINE CO. Atlanta, GA 2012 – 2016
Director of Sales, Southeast US
Managed 7 product portfolio of Cannonball Wines and the Astrolabe Wines imported from New Zealand with oversight of 7 distributors across an 8-state region. Held concurrent responsibility for implementation of sales plans, promoting sales volume, monitoring competition, determining customer needs and ensuring adherence to all established targets.
Implemented target account placements and spearheaded training programs for 125 wait staff
Earned commendation for attaining regional goal of 7K cases (2014) and 10.5K cases (2015)
Boosted sales by 36% in Southeast Region during 2014 ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
Southeast Regional Manager HUNEEUS VINTNERS
Southeast Regional Manager FREIXENET USA
Southeast Regional Manager PEAK WINES INTERNATIONAL District Manager – On Premise GEORGIA CROWN DISTRIBUTING CO. EDUCATION & MILITARY SERVICE
Pursued 3 years towards a Bachelor’s Degree in History, GEORGIA STATE UNIVERSITY Military Service, U.S. AIR FORCE - SECURITY SPECIALIST
Contact this candidate