Helmuth D. Lara
Katy, Texas
786-***-**** ad8nrm@r.postjobfree.com
Languages: English Spanish
Mechanical Engineer / Project Manager / Rotating Equipment / Business Development / Field Services / Business Operations / Gas Turbines / Steam Turbines / Centrifugal Compressors / Generators

Creative, influential people manager, with commercial acumen and operational experience in high complex business environments, pursing senior level opportunities where decisive management and expertise in business development, field service, project management and client support in the Oil & Gas and the Power Generation industries will be held at a premium.
Offering 25+ years as a project leader directing multiple tasks and mastering large scale projects from initial requirements-gathering phase to completion. Demonstrated expertise in determining project objectives, organizing and arranging resources and ensuring smooth and on-time delivery of assigned projects. 15+ years in remote mode reporting to headquarters in other regions.
Resourceful, engaging and adaptable leader capable of assessing customer requirements, complex projects and determining appropriate design and development strategies while offering a high-level of creativity and innovation. Provide objective planning, analyzing scope of work, assigning teams and ensuring quality standards are met.
Documented success in planning, estimating and organizing the overall implementation of assigned projects while performing risk management activities to minimize project risks.

Core Qualifications:
Full Life Cycle Project Management Project Management Rotating Equipment Gas Turbines Steam Turbines Centrifugal Compressors Generators Safety Systems Launch Client Relationship Management Quality Assurance Quality Control Risk Management Problem Resolution & Troubleshooting Technical Expertise Staff Management Remote Work Adaptability
Professional Experience
Ethos Energy Group Remote, United States
2021 – 2024
Project Manager
Provided strategic leadership for the planning, execution and closing of MSAs, LTSAs, Contractual agreements, Heavy Duty Turbine and Generator outages and other transactional businesses between Ethos Energy and Power Generation, Industrial and Oil & Gas customers in US and Trinidad & Tobago. Key contributor in the Ethos’ Project Management division focused on heavy duty gas turbines and generator packages like Westinghouse 501B and GE F6/7 as well as Steam Turbine / Generator packages.

Global Consulting and Maintenance Services LLC Remote, United States
2020 – 2021
Business Development
Identified business opportunities by understanding customer requirements in the Power Generation and the Oil & Gas Industries owning heavy duty and aero-derivative gas turbines as well as steam turbines. Crafted of commercial proposals and projects tracking in services for different brands and models like GE frames 5,6,7 and 9, GT24, GT26, 11N1, 11N2, 13E2, as well as P&W T4 and FT8, among others.

Independent Contractor Remote, Venezuela and United States
2018 – 2020
Project Manager and Sales Representative
Accomplished interface with diverse range of clients to complete development of sales opportunities and sophisticated projects within budget and ahead of schedule. Effectively communicated project scope, schedule, and budget with both customers and contractors. Represented Asians rotating equipment parts fabricants for the American markets.

General Electric Oil & Gas (GE) Venezuela
2000 – 2017
Project Manager
Project managed Venezuelan teams while serving GE gas turbines and centrifugal compressors fleet for Oil and Gas customers. Ensured projects were effectively resourced and managed relationships with a wide range of groups, including all internal and external project contributors.
Provided strategic leadership for the execution and closing of long-term service agreements between GE and customers in Venezuela, Peru, and Mexico. Key contributor in the GE’s contractual service division focused on heavy duty gas/steam turbines and centrifugal compressors.
Directed all aspects of the projects from planning, to closing. First-ever Project Manager for start-up of new business division in Venezuela. Monitored projects on an ongoing basis, evaluating progress and quality, managing issue resolution and taking corrective action as necessary.

Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. Venezuela
1996 – 1999
Maintenance Engineer
Led mechanical jobs during planned and unplanned outages, on rotating and static equipment as well as piping in the Jose LNG Plant. Wrote technical specifications for tendering processes covering scheduled inspections.

Education and Credentials
UNEXPO Antonio José de Sucre, Caracas, Venezuela
B.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering

Professional Training
Ethos Energy PM Academy, New Manager Development Course (NMDC), GE – Tropical Basic Offshore (OPITO), HHSL Port Spain – Presentation Skills, GE – Change Acceleration Process (CAP), GE – Frontline Leadership Skills, GE – Building Essential Leadership Skills (BELS), GE – Project Management, Latin Finanzas – Familiarization in GE Oil & Gas products, GE – Risk Assessment, GE – Finance for Non-Financial Professionals – Green Belt Commercial, Six Sigma (Greenbelt), GE – Gas Turbines PDVSA – Vibrations PDVSA

Other Information

Open for relocation
US permanent resident - No sponsorship required inside US
EU Citizen
Contact this candidate