SUMMARY
SKILLS
EXPERIENCE
JIM WOYCHICK
Dallas, TX 75204 C: 817-***-**** ad8oa5@r.postjobfree.com Accomplished Marketing professional with demonstrated success in developing and implementing strategic approaches to drive market growth and bottom-line profitability. Strong communicator with natural leadership talent and high energy. Impactful and successful manager proficient in building teams and motivating personnel to new levels of performance. Sales leadership and training
Channel development
Social media marketing
Networking
10/2017 to Current Director of Business Development HLA Engineers Dallas, TX
Collaborated with President to forecast optimal strategy based on sales and product profitability.
Identified business development opportunities and implemented effective strategy for client acquisition.
Strategized approaches to meet objectives and capitalize on emerging opportunities.
Generated leads and capitalized on valuable business opportunities to bring in new company revenue and improve bottom line profit. Trained with successful business development personnel to optimize marketing performance and learn industry.
Cultivated customer and distributor rapport to increase retention rates and drive goal achievement.
Owned marketing campaigns from initial scope through execution and refinement.
Strengthened product branding initiatives by developing communication campaigns, promotional materials, market intelligence information and databases for Texas market to maximize outreach.
Directed preparation of marketing collateral, including descriptions, photographs and copy for print and digital needs.
11/2013 to 09/2017 GM Texas
Siftit Inc. Dallas, TX
Managed and improved requirements, gaps analysis, training and development and new program rollout resulting in YOY growth. Maximized time and manpower by consolidating data, payroll and accounting programs into one centralized system.
Built and maintained loyal, long-term customer relationships through effective account management.
Designed sales and service strategies to improve revenue and retention. Developed and launched business management software system resulting in 17% growth.
Liaised with cross-functional teams to develop product positioning strategies.
Implemented effective customer service surveys to encourage feedback. Hired, coached and mentored team of 4 sales representatives. Facilitated monthly workshops to share best practices to optimize productivity.
Strengthened product branding initiatives and maximized outreach by overseeing acquisitions, events and business development. 06/2010 to 08/2013 VP, Business Development
Realtime Technologies Inc. Dallas, TX
Facilitated new business opportunities and promoted current marketing projects through varied outlets, including print, broadcast and B2B efforts. Developed and managed brand identity in new market launches. I developed an indirect channel for the sale of our suite of products in the western half of the United States. Grew revenue YOY by 15% for 3 straight years.
Evaluated development strategy effectiveness and prepared alternative approaches to exceed goals.
Completed quarterly reports to include findings via conducting site visits and subsequent report generation.
08/2009 to 07/2010 Director of Business Development Radiant Systems Inc./NCR Dallas, TX
Collaborated with Vice President of Sales to forecast optimal strategy based on sales and product profitability.
Identified business development opportunities and implemented effective strategy for client acquisition.
Identified, implemented and enhanced marketing strategies by accounting for factors such as organizational objectives, market trends and costs.
Generated leads and capitalized on valuable business opportunities to bring in new company revenue and improve bottom line profit. Grew install based business sales by 25% in 1 year. Optimized profitability to meet marketing objectives and drive product line growth from concept through product life cycles.
Executed optimal sales strategies to achieve commercial goals for all markets.
Strengthened product branding initiatives by developing communication campaigns, promotional materials, market intelligence information and databases for United States market to maximize outreach. 08/2003 to 07/2009 Regional Sales Manager
Radiant Systems Inc./ NCR Dallas, TX
Assessed effectiveness of sales representatives and implemented courses of action to rectify weaknesses.
Mentored and managed 8-member sales team that brought in annual revenues of $17 million annually for Radiant Channel organization. Expanded team 10%, territory size 25% and overall sales 15% in only year over year for 6 straight years by leveraging strategic management approaches.
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Received sales awards for 5 consecutive years while earning sales veteran status.
Traveled to national and international business locations to promote Aloha POS.
Facilitated improvement in sales outcomes by holding performance evaluations to assess team members' strengths and weaknesses and counsel on improvement strategies.
Initiated and cultivated relations with distributors to realize optimal cost savings.
Grew client base with lasting business relationships by sales blitz, strategic contact and prospect targeting .
Maintained open communication, followed-up on customer needs and offered new products to account holders to maintain client base and encourage repeat buyers.
Delivered consistently high rates of internal employee development into leadership roles while maintaining low turnover.
Mentored and trained staff to define and exceed field sales objectives. Traveled to customer sites with to meet and help close deals through effective persuasion.
Analyzed quarterly sales statistics and prepared analyses for corporate management.
Recruited, interviewed and hired individuals bringing exceptional talent and well-developed skills to already successful sales division. Bachelor of Arts: Agricultural Business
University of Minnesota - Twin Cities Minneapolis, MN
Contact this candidate