Jeremy Hibler
Gilbert, AZ. *****
Cell 480-***-****
Email - ad8osg@r.postjobfree.com
Hiring Manager:
I am inquiring about any potential Sales Management, Sales/Service Advisory Roles, or Service Manager Roles within your organization. I possess the necessary experience, and knowledge in the areas of service, sales, management, business development, training, coaching and motivation and am currently re-entering the search process. My sales, service, and marketing experience has given me a strong understanding of business development, customer acquisition and retention. As well I have acquired territory development, problem solving, staffing resolutions, business growth, and overall profitability for any role I have obtained. I have a proven track record of sales, service, employee and customer retention along with achieving numerous promotions, rewards and compensation. My experiences range from account acquisitions, training, culture building, execution and management within company expectations and growth development. I bring a piece of all aspects everyday in performing my duties to the highest levels. I have attached my resume for review. .
I look forward to hearing from you and your company and getting started! Respectfully,
Jeremy Hibler
Jeremy Hibler
Gilbert, AZ. 85298
Cell 480-***-****
Email - ad8osg@r.postjobfree.com
Career Objective:
I am looking for a company who treats employees with respect, integrity, honesty and appreciation. This next role will both financially and professionally grow my career to the next level in which I am looking to make a difference to achieve company goals and growth expectations.
Work Experience:
June 2018 - Present
Dana Bros Automotive and Diesel - Service Manager
Job Description - Managed the service dept and oversaw day to day operations with customers, technicians, service advisors and management. Closely watched profit margins to ensure it was good for the company as well as the customer. Implemented numerous operations to ensure efficient work throughout the day, week and month. Solved customer issues, staffing issues, and even assisted with ownership concerns, issues and procedures. Value - The experience taught me the ins and outs of an automotive service center, the value of having the right team and motivation, along with the efficient procedure to ensure timelines and expectations were met for all involved. I helped the service center move into a much larger facility after a few years of surpassing numerous profit levels and sales expectations, while managing staff in an efficient manner so overall profit for the service center was met regularly. Oct 17 - Jun 18
SiteLock Website Security - Sales Manager
Job Description - Managed the entire sales team along with the tech support team. Coached, mentored, trained and assisted in all aspects of the sales process from start to close. Cleaned up the entire CRM Database and implemented several new processes for the entire sales floor, to be more efficient and profitable. Solved numerous challenges from the previous management team to ensure not only company success but also staff success. Accomplished highest employee retention as well as hit sales goals four of five months I was in charge of the team. Value - Continued learning new ways to retain and manage a successful sales team and support team. Learned more about how to achieve max potential out of each agent by understanding why they were working and what they were looking to achieve while under my team lead.
Apr 17 - Sep. 17
Vivid Racing - UTV/Off-Road Manager
Job Description - Managed and generated sales for a new division of the company. Built relationships with vendors, dealers, wholesalers, and customers to deliver products and service for the off-road environment. Prospect new customers and suppliers through social media, forums, chats, blogs and internet marketing.
Value - I learned how to simplify the process of B2B communication. I was also able to learn at that time the power of social media(not what it's like today for sure). I was able to hon my negotiation skills and also learn more about the profit/loss side of product development, sales and distribution.
Education:
Aug 95 - Dec 99 - Arizona State University (Tempe, AZ) Bachelor’s Degree in Communications, Minor in Sports Marketing Three Year Letter Award Winner - Men's Baseball Team (96-98) Sept 91- Jun 95 - Esperanza High School (Anaheim, Ca) College Prep Course work
High School Diploma
Three Year Letter Award Winner Boys Baseball Team (93-95) Three Year Letter Award Winner Boys Football Team (93-95) Four Year Letter Award Winner Boys Ice Hockey Team (Travel Team 91-95) Numerous Awards and Recognition
References Available Upon Request
Contact this candidate