JEFFREY J. MILLER
Turnersville, NJ • ad8rk4@r.postjobfree.com • 856-***-**** • linkedin.com/in/jeffrey-miller-428a8a115 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
TransAxle Cinnaminson, NJ
Business Development Manager June 2024 - Present
Develop and manage relationships with industry partners and create business opportunities with key target agents. Execute sales and business development strategies to increase visibility, attract new business and achieve revenue goals. Expand and maintain a portfolio of personal client relationships to drive revenue growth through lead generation. Generate new business through prospecting, networking and leveraging existing relationships. Support the execution of business development strategies for key corporate initiatives.
Mack Boring Somerset, NJ
BusinessDevelopment Manager – Mid Atlantic Nov 2021 – Nov 2023 Promote Scania, Suzuki and Yanmar Marine Engines, Smartgyro Stabilizer as well as Mack Boring Parts to Marine Dealers along the East Coast from Connecticut to South Carolina. Develop leads, client referrals and establish contacts with Mid- Atlantic Dealer Network to create new relationships and opportunities to maximize sales and increase revenue growth. Maintain up-to-date knowledge on products, industry trends, market changes, competitor activities and trends that may affect the products and industry. Attend & participate in Marine industry shows and annual fishing tournaments. Enter accurate records within Salesforce, including sales call reports and customer documentation. Prepare quotations for products and equipment and oversee the bid process through to conclusion.
Recruited & on boarded 11 new dealers in assigned territory.
Spearheaded strategic sales initiatives, resulting in a 25% increase in revenue and a 10% expansion of the client base within the first year.
Cooper University Healthcare Camden, NJ
Physician Liaison May 2016 – Sep 2021
Promote the MD Anderson Cooper Cancer Center, Cooper Vascular Institute, Cooper Cardiology, Cooper Neurological Institute, and Cooper Bone and Joint. Survey local primary care/ internal medicine, OB-GYN and pediatric physicians in the South Jersey area to advance the number of referrals to the health system. Grow physician referrals by arranging and attending meetings including lunches and dinners between the health system’s specialists and surgeons and physicians in the community. Arrange continued dialog between the physicians in order to build and preserve these relationships so patients are referred with confidence.
5% YOY growth in hospital utilization by targeted physicians.
Increased referring physician satisfaction by 9% annually. Acteon, Inc. Mt. Laurel, NJ
Manufacturer Representative May 2006 – May 2016
First hire on Acteon’s dedicated sales team. Helped develop processes and sales strategies for the team as it grew. Sold and marketed to distributor accounts and OEM partners in the New Jersey, Delaware, Pennsylvania & New York territories to ensure overall growth in sales volume and profitability. Built & enhanced effective relationships with distributor sales managers & representatives, oral surgeons, dentists & hygienists. Facilitated product demonstrations to medical professionals as well as attended surgeries to assist physicians in correct usage of equipment. Conducted regular sales calls for product education at distributor offices as well as assisted distributor representatives with product presentations to the medical professionals. Attended & coordinated distributor trade shows, annual meetings, vendor fairs, industry conferences
& conventions. Relayed market intelligence on potential additional products to ensure competitiveness in the marketplace. Researched and studied competitive product and pricing information.
Recipient of the Acteon Excellence Award for Number One in Total Overall Sales for 2014.
Implemented a data-driven account management approach, resulting in a 20% reduction in customer churn and a 30% increase in repeat business.
Sales growth highlights: 2008 – Up by 24.5% over previous year. 2009 –Up by 17% over previous year. 2010 – Up by 22% over previous year. 2011 - Up by 12% over previous year. 2012 - Up by 16% over previous year. 2013 - Up by 15% over previous year. 2014 - Up by 33% over previous year. Sammons Preston Rolyan Bolingbrook, IL
Rehab Sales Consultant Jun 2004 – May 2006
Sustain daily contact with hospitals, long-term care facilities and physical therapy/ rehabilitation clinics covering 8 counties in the Southern New Jersey area. Responsible for setting and meeting sales goals by maximizing current customer sales as well as generating new customer business. Presented clients with price quotations, in-service training and consultations on all products available, conducted demonstrations as well as some installation of equipment. Troubleshot product and order problems and present solutions that benefit the facility.
Grew hospital sales 12% for 2nd & 3rd quarter over previous year.
Increased growth of long-term care 17% overall.
EDUCATION:
Elon University Elon, NC
Bachelor of Science in Sports Medicine
COMPUTER EXPERIENCE:
Windows, MAC IOS, Microsoft Office, Power Point, Outlook E-mail, Sales Force
Contact this candidate