F
Marie Faragone
440-***-****
ad8rh4@r.postjobfree.com
Myrtle Beach, S. Carolina

SUMMARY
Dedicated Regional Manager with extensive experience directing operations, sales, and staffing for numerous locations throughout the region. Excellent record of success driving improvements and elevating public profile for brand resulting in increased revenue. Team leader with success guiding, coaching and motivating employees.
SKILLS
Operational Management
Cost Control
Team Leadership
Work Planning and Prioritization
Administration and Reporting
Budget Management
Teamwork and Collaboration
Employee Development
Recruitment and Hiring
Documentation and Reporting
Employee Coaching and Motivation
Goal Setting
Performance Tracking and Evaluation
Verbal and Written Communication
Hiring and Training
Complex Problem Solving
Performance Evaluations
Training and Development
Staff Training
Problem Resolution
Revenue Forecasting
Team Building
Managing Operations and Efficiency
Scheduling and Coordinating
Onboarding and Orientation
Customer and Vendor Relations
New Business Development
Delivery Fleet Management
EXPERIENCE
Regional Manager
Cleveland, OH
Parking Company of America/ Oct 2006 to Current
Handled human resource concerns and established plans to handle issues consistently and efficiently.
Minimized turnover through effective training and employee engagement programs.
Managed staff to optimize brand expansion initiative productivity.
Managed diverse administrative, financial and documentation requirements.
Maximized branch revenue by optimizing daily operations.
Cultivated and maintained solid partner relationships to drive mutually beneficial collaboration and bottom-line profits.
Analyzed regional market trends to discover new opportunities for growth.
Developed and implemented clear policies and procedures across multi-state area.5
Executed day-to-day operational activities for regional business bringing in $27 million in yearly revenue.
Mentored and guided general managers on proper processes and methodologies.
Reduced financial discrepancies by managing P&L to remain under budget with on-time project completion.
Aligned procedures and protocols with changing business demands.
Hired talented, trainable team members and drove new business strategies to grow revenues.
Improved individual location efficiency through effective leadership restructure.
Operations Manager
Cleveland, OH
Pickwick and Frolic/ Jul 2002 to Oct 2006
Managed company operations with responsibility for profit and loss, scheduling, training, and inventory control.
Collaborated with staff to maximize customer satisfaction, streamline procedures, and improve bottom-line profitability.
Oversaw financial management, budget management, accounting, and payroll activities.
Reviewed daily financial reports and reconciled accounts to keep information current and accurate.
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
ASSOCIATES BUSINESS MAMANGEMENT: BUSINESS AND FINANCE
Cuyahoga Community College 1990
Cleveland, OH
High School Diploma
Parma High School Jun 1986
Parma, OH
Contact this candidate