Serge Kaznady
** ******* ******
Malden, Massachusetts, 02148
Phone: 339-***-****
Email: ad8tqx@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective
A position in an organisation in which my professional skills in Sales, Marketing and Business Development can make a major contribution to the organisation’s growth and profitability.

Career Summary
Sales/Marketing Professional in FMCG and Industrial Sales with 30 years progressive experience. Responsible for developing $330 million in sales in Europe over 5 years. Proven abilities in building the business and increasing profit margins and market share. Excellent English and Spanish communication and presentation skills. Elementary French and Polish.
LinkedIn page https://www.linkedin.com/in/serge-kaznady-4b566a44/

Career History

Action Hydraulics Ltd.
Technical Sales Representative September 2017 – July 2024
Visited various house accounts and newly created accounts for hydraulic repair services, machining, industrial hard chroming and lubricant sales,
Researched and developed some new accounts in Construction Industry, Construction Equipment Rentals Industry, Aviation and Flight Training,
Contacted various government organizations for contracts renewal,
Prepared Sales Reports,
Assisted the company management with development of marketing materials.

LASCO International - Armored Cars
Sales Manager April 2016 – September 2017
Account Management and Business Development
Sales of LASCO cars to various car dealerships, achieved over $1 mln. sales revenue
Sales to governments and participation in government bids
Business development in and Central and South America
Development of overall international sales strategy

STARK Armoring Inc.
Sales Manager May 2013 – April 2016
Account Management and Business Development
Sales of STARK cars to various car dealerships, achieved over $3 mln. sales revenue
Sales to governments and participation in government bids
Business development in Sub-Sahara Africa and Central and South America
Development of overall international sales strategy

Serge Kaznady Page 2 of 3

INKAS Armored Vehicle Manufacturing Jan. 2012 – May 2013
Account Executive
Account Management and International Business Development for a Toronto-based company manufacturing armored cars and specialized armoured vehicles
Sales of INKAS cars to various car dealerships, about $1.5 mln. a year
Sales to governments and participation in government bids
Business development in Central and South America and North Africa
Development of overall international sales strategy

iGlobal Water Feb. 2008 – Dec. 2011
Sales Manager
Direction of Sales & Marketing and development of bottled spring water manufacturing company with sales in 5 countries. Development of bottled water distribution system
Development of overall business strategy and exports
Direction of bottled water line design process
Supervision of 10 people in the company

Cliffstar Corporation Dec. 2005 – Jan. 2008
Director of International Sales
International business development with Wal Mart, Carrefour, Costco, HEB Mexico, local retail chains in Brazil, Korea, Japan and the UK. Opened new accounts: Tesco USA, Soriana Supermarkets Mexico, E-Land Retail (Korea). Promoted Wal Mart business in Mexico, Brazil and China.
Managed of 12 international and export accounts with a total of US $10 mln in sales
Developed International Strategy Plans

Tetra Pak Canada Inc. Mar. 2001 – Dec. 2005
Sales Manager
Opened new accounts: Nestle, Unilever, Grace Kennedy, Concord Confections, Nutrition 21, and Kisko.
Developed new projects: Nestle Carnation Breakfast Anytime, Supligen, Knorr Broth, Wejees, Dubble Bubble Gumballs, Shrek Iced Lollies and others.
Developed accounts and projects in Nutritionals, Prepared Foods, and Dry Foods
Developed Sales Budget and Account Plan

Nestle Australia Ltd December 1999 – December 2000
Brand Manager Milks & Baking Chocolate
Responsible for trade marketing, product development and promotion of Nestle Plaistowe, Nestle Melts and Nestle Choc Chips baking chocolate range, as well as Nestle Carnation Sweetened Condensed Milk and Nestle Carnation Evaporated Milk with annual sales volume of over $10 million.
Developed and implemented a successful media and promotions plan 2000 resulting in
10% business increase and $0.5 million profit increase

Nestle Australia Ltd May 1998 – December 1999
State Sales Manager, Oils and Convenience, New South Wales
Directed a sales team of 15 working with 1,500 convenience stores and petrol stations in New South Wales, Australia. Annual sales of over $24 million.
Re-organised the sales team resulting in a 5% business increase and a 20% overhead costs cut.
Developed new sales team structures for News South Wales Sales Branch, specifically for alternative trade channels (pharmacies, mixed businesses)

Serge Kaznady Page 3 of 3

Nestle Ukraine January 1993 – May 1998
Sales Delegate for Ukraine
Responsible for the launch, distribution and development of sales of Nescafe, Alcon Pharma eye drops and NAN formula milk to hospitals and pharmacies, Nestle cereals, KitKat bars, Friskies pet food, and Perrier mineral water in Ukraine. Worked with medical doctors for the promotion of Alcon Pharma eye drops and NAN formula milk. Identified acquisition opportunities.
Established and successfully developed the business of the world’s largest food company in a market of 52 million people (the size of France) with the overall business result of $330 million
Supervised a team of 25 people

Nestlé-Spain April 1992 – January 1993
Product Manager, Exports Coordinator
Responsible for the development of media plans and promotions plans of Nescafe Frappe.
Co-managed Nestle exports to the CIS countries and the Middle East.
Developed and monitored Nescafe Frappe marketing plan
Contacted advertising agencies and market research agencies
Prospected for export customers and prepared export documentation

The Black Sea Shipping Co., Cruises Division – Odessa, Ukraine June 1977 to December 1991
As Maitre d’Hotel, cruise ship “Odessa":
Supervised and managed restaurant personnel, trained waitresses and wine stewards, liaised with chef over new menus,
As Bartender, wine steward, cruise ships “Byelorussia” & “Azerbajan”
Sold drinks and prepared cocktails for cruise passengers, made financial reports, cleaned the bar.

Education

Program for Executive Development (PED) – International Institute for Management Development (IMD), Lausanne, Switzerland.
Master of Arts in English & Spanish Studies – Maurice Thorez Linguistic University of Moscow

Professional Development

Financial Analysis and Control for Managers - Schulich School of Business
The Leadership Grid - Canadian Management Centre
Executive Speaking Course Canadian Management Centre

Certifications: OMVIC (Ontario Motor Vehicle Industry Council) Registration # 5395983

Languages

Spanish – fluent Polish – basic
French - basic Ukrainian - fluent

REFERENCES AVAILABLE ON REQUEST
Contact this candidate