Stephen Caruso
ad8tc7@r.postjobfree.com • www.linkedin.com/in/steve-caruso-66577226

Pelham, NH • 603-***-****
Summary
Director of Business Development
Highly skilled professional with over 20 years’ experience driving business development and profitability.
Experienced in directing strategic financial and operational management to reach organizational goals. Accomplished leader with ample experience training and mentoring cross-functional teams regarding operational procedures and policies to service excellence and efficiency. Proficient in establishing fruitful relationships with clients, staff, and management which ensure optimal satisfaction and retention.
Areas of Expertise
•Operational Management
•Financial Management
•Strategic Planning
•Relationship Management
•Budget Creation & Control
•Business Development
•Account Management
•Marketing & Communications
•Staff Leadership & Training

Career Experience

Regional Business Director, JOGO HEALTH, Bridgewater, NJ
2022 – May 2024
The Regional Business Director is responsible for managing and strategically guiding the sales execution of the organization's products/programs in assigned region and/or geographical area. As a proven leader, the Regional Business Director must be a seasoned Sales professional with a strong understanding of the customer’s business, industry, economic model, organizational trends and customer needs. This position must be able to conceptualize, develop, plan and execute a comprehensive business strategy that develops customer solutions across various customers in a rapidly changing North America/Global marketplace. Fosters a motivating team environment focused on success, development and accountability. Responsible for region budget, maximizing sales, and ROI. Must adhere to environmental policy and procedures and supports department environmental objectives.

Key Responsibilities: • Strategically lead a team of District Business Managers and Territory Business Managers who will call on Neurologists, Primary Care to support the use of JOGO Health Device within the Massachusetts/NH region. • Develop and execute business plans, customized to meet region needs, while aligning to company, franchise, and brand strategies, and delivers compliant product sales growth and volume objectives, as well as effectively addressing the unique needs of the regional marketplace. • Oversee the selection of new staff, and be responsible for motivating, coaching, developing, and retaining a diverse team of individuals who are technically able and who consistently execute the strategies of the business plan to deliver positive business results. • Leverage technology including the computer and internet applications to optimize efficiency, planning and coordination of efforts. • Identify and coordinate resources, monitor operating expenses, and maintain key relationships essential to achieving growth and profitability targets, regardless of market conditions. • Elevate the sales team to a high performance, outcomes-focused, organization where diversity and inclusion are valued, and where the team’s skills, knowledge, and abilities continually evolve to meet future needs. • Coordinate efforts with business partners across the region and across accounts to deliver customer excellence, coordinate selling activities, reduce redundancy, and achieve sales quota, market share, market share growth, and other key sales metrics. • Lead a team of leaders. All levels of leadership are responsible for developing their team members to expand their skill sets, improve performance, maintain motivation and high levels of engagement. • Work with home office partners to develop strategic plans and strong resource utilization.
Director of Business Development and Pre-Admitting, Encompass Rehabilitation Hospital, Concord, NH 2021 – 2022
Direct hospital inpatient and outpatient census through the design and implementation of referral programs and customer service strategies. Oversee inpatient admission process. Manages, trains and develops hospital-wide Business Development Team. Serves in a Senior Leadership role.

Create an environment and culture that enables the hospital to fulfill its mission by meeting or exceeding its goals, conveying the hospital mission to all staff, holding staff accountable for performance, motivating staff to improve performance and being responsible for the operation of the department, measurement, assessment and continuous improvement of the department's performance.

Support cultural diversity by ensuring that the delivery of quality, equitable and culturally competent patient-centered care is provided, promoting and maintaining an inclusive work environment and culture that is respectful and accepting of diversity, and ensuring that cultural diversity and sensitivity training is part of new employee orientation on an on-going basis to meet the needs of the patient population served in the hospital.
Interim CEO & Director of Business Development, Orthopedic Surgery Inc. dba Agility Orthopedics, Stoneham, MA 2020 – 2021
Direct financial, operational, and strategy management to drive organizational goals. Oversee strategic performance, fiscal, sales, and marketing management. Develop and implement strategies to support company growth, improve policies and procedures, and ensure accurate financial forecasting. Analyze and review budgets, performance reports, financial trends, and operations to increase credibility. Forge trust relationships with staff, management, and stakeholders to promote effective communication. Coach and mentor staff regarding operational development.
●Successfully increased business growth exponentially over last fiscal year, despite Covid-19.
●Headed development of worker’s compensation opportunities.
●Directed construction of new office space.
●Established new performance measurements.
●Oversaw preparation of physician employment contracts.
Regional Manager, Beth Israel Lahey Health, Burlington, MA 2014 – 2020
Headed development and implementation of strategies which support network program participation, physician recruitment, marketing and sales strategies, and increased referrals. Coordinated with various stakeholders within and outside of network to ensure satisfaction and retention. Fostered physician relationships to ensure sustained retention, network adequacy, and service volume increase in accordance with organizational goals and strategies.
●Achieved physician retention rate of 90% through relationship development.
●Established outreach strategies which boosted organizational referrals, as well as hospital specialists and services.
●Played key role in designing and implementing organizational growth strategies.
●Successfully liaison between 13-member hospitals, physicians, strategic service line leaders, and senior management.
Physician Relations Representative, Winchester Hospital, Winchester, MA 2006 – 2014
Coordinated with independent physician networks and liaised between physicians and hospital stakeholders. Analyzed and reviewed data to create accurate budgets and clinical metric which drive strategic business goals. Cultivated trust relationships with stakeholders to create growth opportunities and ensure retention. Onboarded and trained new physicians. Generated performance and communication reports for management.
●Achieved successful growth in MRI, sleep medicine, and orthopedic surgery referrals.

Additional Experience

Sales & Client Services Manager, United Plastic Fabricating, Inc. North Andover, MA
Pharmaceutical Sales Representative 2-PC, Organon Pharmaceuticals, West Orange, NJ
Field Sales Specialist, AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals, LP, Wilmington, DE

Education

Bachelor of Arts in Business Management
Notre Dame College, 1989
Contact this candidate