Robert “Bob” Clay

**** ******** ***** *** *********, TX 78130
Cell 785-***-**** E-mail ad8xbl@r.postjobfree.com

A highly experienced Manager who has demonstrated the ability to lead diverse teams of professionals to new levels of success in a highly competitive industry. Strong technical and business qualifications with an impressive record of accomplishment, and more than 30 years of hands on experience in strategic planning, business development, product and project development, and market growth strategies. Proven ability to successfully analyze an organization’s deficiencies and develop innovative solutions for quick, long-term market growth.

Professional Experience
November 2017 – Present Cavco Homes Seguin, TX
General Manager
Successfully turnaround a failing manufactured housing plant in to one of the top plants in the company. This process included a 3 million dollar investment in the infrastructure of the plant and making the necessary changes to become OSHA compliant. Hired and trained my staff, and turned over 70% of the production staff in an effort to change the existing culture. Help develop a sales strategy to rebuild relationships and product to make Cavco a viable competitor in the Texas and Oklahoma markets.

June 2015 – October 2017 RDH Electric & Construction, Inc. Hays, KS
General Contractor / Project Manager Kansas Commercial Building Contractor A
Started a General Contractor division at a very successful commercial Electrical business in Hays, KS. This was a ground up business where I was the only employee in the division. We received our first contract in June of 2015 for 1.6 million dollars to build a wind farm O& M building and completed the project 30 days ahead of schedule. We have completed almost 5 million in sales in our first 2 years, and subcontracted all the work out. Our completed projects include a wind farm, 275-space parking lot on FHSU campus, State Park Shelter, Dorm renovations FHSU, Water Pump Retro project, and a rest area renovation project in Wakeeney. We have also completed several smaller projects as well.

July 2009 – June 2015 Skyline Homes Arkansas City, KS
General Manager
Fully responsible for the profit and loss of the Kansas Division. I managed 5 direct reports and approximately 120 employees. The plant has been profitable four of the six quarters and currently on a 3-quarter streak and achieved through a total team effort, and a 100% understanding and belief of our division goals and expectations.
Sales Manager
Lead the sales team from 8 million to 18 million in sales in a little over 2 years. This was accomplished through strategic model implementation, new options, features, and new decors. I also spent time traveling with the sales team and training our sales force in the field. My efforts earned me a promotion to Division Manager.

July 2007 – July 2009 Cavco Homes Seguin, TX
Market Manager (Remote)
I inherited a market with 4 active accounts and 17 homes in inventory. In 2 years, I grew the market to 23 accounts and over 100 homes in stock. I spent hours training the retail sales team, and insured that only the highest turning homes were sold into inventory.

October 2005 – July 2007 Silver Creek Homes Henrietta, TX
Sales Manager
Manage the sales department with 4 direct reports. I hired and trained a sales team that had no previous sales experience to generate 13 million in annual sales. Created a sales plan for short term and long term company growth. I developed a product series that generated 11.5 million in annual sales our 1st year. We have increased our dealer base by 25%, and increased Production by 25% with a simplified product series.

October 2000 – September 2005 Fleetwood Homes Waco, TX
Business Development Manager
Developed sales option packages for seven states to increase market share and revenue. Managed account sales managers with new distribution opportunities throughout the seven state regions. Develop the Park model series and set up a distribution network. This would be comprised of RV dealers and campground owners. I was responsible for follow-up on all leads generated from web site and publications as they pertain to our region. Co-ordinate all shows for manufactured housing in the region.
Regional Sales Manager
Accountabilities included driving sales in assigned business trade areas, hiring, terminations, and motivating the sales team. I was Responsible for generation 36 million in annual sales with a sales force of 5. Managed numerous functions associated with our spring and Fall Plant shows. I was awarded the 2003 and 2005 Regional and National Retailer Satisfaction award winner with 100% rating. I was awarded the 2004 Regional Sales Manager of the year. I served as manufacturer representative for the Louisiana Manufactured Housing Association for 2 years, and chairperson of the continuing education committee.
Account Sales Manager
Responsible for driving manufactured housing sales in Houston market. I managed all aspects of marketing program introductions, inventory management, and market analysis. I achieved the highest possible Account Sales Manager rating in 9 months. I was the only sales person in the central region to be selling for both high and low sales teams. I was responsible for the largest account in the region. My accomplishments included meeting or exceeding all quarterly goals since the inception of the new sales organization, and I was the top sales man in our region with over 14 million in sales.
Manager in Training
I spent the first 2 months working with the top sales team in the country learning order entry, policy and procedures. During the next two months, I was given the responsibility of prospecting Ohio, Illinois, and Iowa for 2 months and was able to establish five new accounts. I worked the Louisville, KY. Show and helped a young work force set-up an additional 12 new accounts.

January 1999 – September 2000 Total Sports Hays, KS. Sporting Goods Store
Owner
I was responsible for the start-up of a Retail / Team sporting goods store with screen-printing and embroidery services. I managed all aspects of a small business including sales, accounts receivable, accounts payable, ordering, shipping, production schedule, and service walk in traffic.

May 1991 – December 1998 Schult Homes Corporation Plainville, KS
Account Sales for Colorado – Wyoming – Western Kansas – Utah
I was responsible for generating 14 million in annual sales from 30 accounts in a 4 state market. I trained retail sales centers in product and sales techniques, and worked with owners on inventory, promotions, and achieving annual sales goals. I originate all sales orders and coordinated with drafting on all modifications.
Office Manager / Sales Coordinator / Dispatcher
I Managed an office staff of 10 employees, including accounts payable, accounts receivable, payroll, sales secretary, receptionist, and general office staff. My duties included providing weekly and monthly reports to corporate office. I also managed an in house terminal for Morgan Drive Away for the delivery of our homes to the dealers.

September 1989 – May 1991 Morgan Drive Away Aurora, CO.
Regional Sales Manager
I was responsible for generating 60 million in annual sales in a 9 state region. My duties included soliciting, and negotiating customer contracts.

Bachelor of Science in Finance, (1985)
Fort Hays State University…..Hays, KS.
3 year letterman Football
Contact this candidate