JOSE R. BORRELL JR.
**** ** ***** ***** *****, Florida 33193
Mobile: 305-***-****
ad8x44@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Experience in distribution, warehousing, transportation, and logistical management sector. Completed 2 years in the U.S. Army as a logistics supply specialist. Proficient in distribution, issue, and receipt of high dollar value items. Additional experience as a sales manager and purchasing agent. Strong organizational skills with attention to detail and outstanding communication skills. Results oriented, confident in making on the spot decisions. Analytical and versatile, received formal recognition for demonstrated leadership and outstanding job performance during military career. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
TNS LOGISTICS: July 2023 to Present
Vice President Business Development
A 3PL service provider where I am Responsible for the development and new business opportunities providing cost effective domestic transportation solutions consisting of FTL/LTL transportation services, local containerized port drayage services along with warehousing and distribution solutions. Maintain client satisfaction and quality assurance by providing reliable services and assistance whenever necessary. Negotiate freight rates with carriers, participate in transportation RFP nationwide, create employee KPI’s providing customer services and support. Planning, budgeting, projection for all transportation equipment owned by the company to minimize PM cost and reduce service interruptions. GAT LOGISTICS, Miami FL, September 2019 - 2023
VP of Business Development
3PL service provider offering domestic ground transportation services for refrigerated, dry goods, bonded and time sensitive freight. Work closely with Gables Transport, which is the parent company of GAT Logistics, which offers the utilization of their asset-based fleet consisting of 250 units, and negotiate carrier contracts prior to onboarding to obtain best optimal line haul rates for clients based on service needs and volumes. Create KPI’s for existing carriers to ensure service compliance and efficiency. Work closely with potential clients by offering cost effective transportation services without affecting transportation service integrity. Assist clients with any issues that may arise with transportation services to perform a risk analysis and mediate the issue moving forward. Derive transportation line haul methodologies to better service the client’s needs based on the commodity and end client requirements. INDEPENDENT LIVING SYSTEMS, Miami FL, February 2015 to September 2019 Director of Logistics-Meals Division
Established and created a frozen food fulfillment center located in Miami Florida to service the southeastern states to lower cost and increase service levels for plan members. Link the WMS program 3PL central to our internal E-Care software to capture daily order transmission for processing via the fulfillment center.
Created and automated the inventory at the distribution center to have visibility and proper forecasting for future inventory orders and product control.
Responsible for fulfillment equipment assets and full layout of the center to maximize space for higher productivity output.
Develop and manage the logistics department's budget and all related financial activities pertaining to logistics.
Negotiated and implemented discounted national contractual rates with FedEx and UPS to reduce shipping costs and maximize profits.
Negotiate and coordinate with OTR carriers for the best and most competitive motor transportation cost per lane to move products from our production plant in Pearl MS to our fulfillment centers throughout the US. Responsible for initial proposal, budgeting and the execution of the frozen facility fulfillment center complete with WMS software program, racking, packaging equipment and personnel. Evaluate and review the company's logistics operations business practices, update and develop policies and procedures, streamline business opportunities, and eliminate waste and unnecessary activities Maintain and care for Logistics and warehousing facilities and personnel. Drive and facilitate activities that improve coordination and communication within the logistics department and other departments throughout the corporation (e.g. Call Center, Sales, Finance, HR, IT) Manage and make certain that the logistics-related operations follow all applicable environmental, health, safety and other regulatory rules and regulations (FDA, DOT, HIPAA) Execute the logistics strategy to meet business objectives.
Supervise personnel related to the Logistics Departments such as Fleet Manager, Routers, Drivers, Develop the best geographically condensed routes and optimize accordingly as needed locally and nationwide including Puerto Rico and the State of Florida for our own fleet of delivery vans. FOUR TOWERS LOGISTICS, Miami FL July 2008-February 2015 Transportation-Operations Director
Is a third-party logistics service provider which offers LTL, FTL, intermodal and international freight transportation services.
Responsible for the development of the LTL and FTL division by negotiating pricing with Domestic service providers to attain competitive rates to service clients. Service accounts and create a pricing budget program so clients can reduce freight costs for maximum profit. Handle all transportation facets for Carnival Cruise Line, Royal Caribbean, and Norwegian Cruise Line outbound distribution to all US based vessel port provisioning. Coordinate with transportation carriers as well as our internal fleet, all delivery schedules, and appointments.
Also addressed all issues on client’s behalf in the event of damages, claims, cargo theft, US Customs, DOT and Department of Agriculture inspections.
Work closely with our asset-based fleet consisting of 100- 53 ft vans and reefers that were bonded and haz-mat certified.
Applications used are Excel, DAT, LTL Online Rate Program and Prophecy Transportation Accounting Software and S.O.S Transportation program.
Analyzes established routes for optimal use of driver time, fuel usage and truck mileage. Worked closely with the Fleet manager in establishing KPIs for driver performance and productivity. Design and implement cost effective delivery methodologies across other States and port deliveries while maintaining delivery accuracy while controlling cost. STARBOARD CRUISE SERVICES, Miami, FL February 2005 - July 2008 Outbound Distribution Manager
Manage the outbound department in a fast-paced bonded warehouse which consists of 125 employees within a 200,000 sq ft facility.
Oversee the picking/processing/dispatching of all duty free/duty paid merchandise that are sold in the gift shops onboard the major cruise lines Royal Caribbean, Carnival, Holland America, Celebrity, Costa ships. Work with the dispatching team to ensure that all documentation is following US Customs, ATF, and Fish & Wildlife prior to delivery to all major US Ports and International Ports. Train and motivate employees by means of recognition and awards to achieve and maintain daily production levels.
Use of WRX WMS and AS-400 systems to prioritize workload, and maintain open lines of communication with, sales audit, finance and merchandise planning departments. Reviewed and verified quantities received against bills of lading, contract purchase requests, and shipping documents.
Prepared documents for undocumented receipts-maintained stock locator system and administered document control procedures.
Provide input on the establishment and/or relocation of distribution centers, to include site selection, staffing and other operational decisions.
Lead in the development and implementation of benchmarks to track performance and generate continuous improvement opportunities.
Inform and advise VP and C-level Executives on cost savings and operational streamlining opportunities when applicable.
Responsible for departmental budget and cost saving action plans for the fiscal year. Monitor performance, conduct annual performance evaluation of each team member, and recommend appropriate action such as compensation changes, promotions, counseling, and termination. Recommend appropriate staff levels for warehouse network, along with business solutions, to reach desired goals.
Design associate development programs for the Logistics Department with the Human Resources Department by use of in-house training, management development courses. OZBURN-HESSEY LOGISTICS, Miami, FL March 2004 – January 2005 Distribution Center Manager Ozburn-Hessey- Red Bull North America Account-Initial Product Introduction launched into the USA from Austria. Was a start-up operation and new account awarded to Ozburn-Hessey Logistics USA. Distribution Center Manager Oversee 80,000 sq ft facility with an inventory of $15M worth of red bull energy drink pallets and promotional items (POS) items. Handled all red bull distribution shipments for the Southeast and lower Southwest States. Compiled statistical warehouse data. Possess the ability to handle a multitude of details simultaneously, under pressure and which have strict deadlines. Warehouse Supervisor and Logistics Assistant along with 6 warehouse associates. Coordinate all loadings and transportation deliveries to entire Southeastern US distributors by coordinating effectively while maintaining low transportation cost and negotiating contracts for long term ground shipments.
Received and processed an average of 125 containers weekly to fulfill customer orders and transportation deadlines to ensure all orders arrive on a timely basis to end customers. Maintain inventory levels for 2 months’ supply for customer servicing throughout the Southeastern states, Caribbean, and South America. Responsible for P/L and all distribution expenses. Manage a crew of six, while maintaining low overhead and maximizing profits. Coordinate JIT shipments and ensure timely order processing for carriers, while adhering to customers’ requests. .
WARNER BROTHERS PUBLICATIONS, Miami, FL March 1999 – March 2004 Music Publishing Distributor
Warehouse Director
Supervise and manage a staff of 65-day shift warehouse subordinates and 2 area supervisors and a shipping manager, within a 150,000 sq ft warehouse facility consisting of an inventory value of 50 million dollars and over 80 thousand SKU.
Instruct and manage a crew of 15 subordinates and 1 supervisor for our night shift division. Negotiate and establish accounts with Freight Forwarders for all Air and Ocean cargo. As well as establishing accounts with local motor transportation companies through negotiations on rates and discounts. Preparation of documentations such as B/L, SED, Custom Forms, Letters of Inspections, and all other documents required per Country of destination.
Manage 4 departments: Shipping, Order Processing, and Receiving, Restock department. Work closely with all international sales representatives to ensure cost effective shipping methods. Assist Accounting department, MIS, Customer Service, Human Resources, and Warehouse Director on all personnel and warehousing expense issues.
Work closely with Temp agencies to maintain headcount in certain areas of responsibility. Use of computer systems such as AS-400, MS office, and Internet for all shipping and tracking needs. Also have experience with other shipping and tracking systems such as SBT, and GPSM software. Maintain accurate warehouse expense records for all supplies and materials. Control employee overtime expenses while maximizing productivity output.
Overall to manage and motivate Day and Night shifts for high quality service and maintain high productivity levels through sound management principles. USCO LOGISTICS NORTHERN TELECOM DIVISION, Miami, FL October 1993 – March 1999 Warehouse Manager
Oversee and manage warehouse operations consisting of 100,000 square feet while supervising a staff of 30 to ensure proper service to customers in the Caribbean and South America.
Maintain inventory control of high dollar value phone equipment estimated at 200 million dollars. Shipping, receiving, and proper crating and packaging for equipment to minimize damage. Supervise loading of containers for both ocean and air freight. Prepare freight cost documents. Compile statistical warehouse data to warehouse space utilization and efficiency. Prepare financials for Distribution Center Manager (DCM) explaining cost, expenses, and other warehouse related spending.
Conduct training for forklift certifications and HazMat doc preps. Very proficient using handheld scanners and PC to perform daily tasks required by company protocol. Creation of barcode labels for inventory and shipping control of equipment. Prepare weekly reports on all warehouse operations and procedures for review by DCM Work within a 3PL environment, and ensure all invoices are processed, and expenses are justified to complete daily distribution functions. Use of Synapse inventory system and processing orders using RF units for accurate picks. Work closely with steamship lines and prepare all documents required for export to Caribbean and South America.
Use of Pomtoc system for inbound tracking out of the Port of Miami in order to prioritize container deliveries into the facility.
Landstar Agent-Miami Florida June 1993-May 2005
Commissioned transportation freight brokerage office based in Miami Florida under agency name MFL-Landstar Ranger division. Sold transportation services to customers for domestic transportation FTL/LTL. Assisted shippers and manufacturer in controlling shipping cost streamlining freight dispatching, on time deliveries, contract carrier and dedicated lanes for many different commodities clients based all over the United States via RFP's. U.S. ARMY, Fort Stewart, GA April 1989-August 1993 Supply Specialist-Logistics and school of Quartermaster. EDUCATION/TRAINING
Completed 40 credits correspondence course, U.S. Army, Fort Stewart, GA 1992 Certified in Combat Life Saver (First Aid), U.S. Army, Fort Stewart, GA 1992 Graduate, Supply and Logistics Specialist Course (10 weeks), U.S. Army, Fort Lee, VA 1992 Completed 45 credit hours Business Management,
Pace University, New York, NY 1985-1987
Diploma, General Education, Cardinal Hayes High School, New York, NY 1985 REFERENCES FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
Contact this candidate