SEIF EDDINE
linkedin.com/in/seif-amamra
AMAMRA
EDUCATION
ACHIEVEMENTS
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE SKILLS
LANGUAGES
INTERESTS
Sales Supervisor and Animator
SPA Tchinlait/ Candia Algeria Bachir El Ibrahimi University LEADER DEVELOP MANAGER
Master 2 Network and multimedia
DANONE
LEADER DEVELOPPER MANAGER
Bachir El Ibrahimi University
Computer Systems License
Customer relationship
business partners, (distributors)
consequence.
commercial to optimize performance.
Proactive lead generation
commercial of TCHIN LAIT across the wilaya of Annaba and ANNABA, ALGERIA
Negotiation according to profile
products.
and prospecting skills.
development of the area.
The contents of this license include the following subjects: Active listening and strong
increase market share and customer loyalty
Provide coaching and mentoring to members of
management
increase in turnover. and prospecting skills.
EL Tarf.
Regular analysis of KPIs and adjustment of strategies in customer and advice
essential to enable the design and management of a Sales development
communication skills
the team to improve their performance.
Soccer
Strategic planning and
Coordinate, organize work, lead and develop
customers.
French
Time and Team
Define individual and/or collective objectives
Arab
Implement the company's commercial policy.
IT project, whether in database, web application or new mobile applications.
Performance analysis
Search for excellence of
Reading
ad8ywn@r.postjobfree.com
Collaboration with the marketing team to develop and Swimming
the sales team.
Research in image processing.
analysis skills.
Trained and managed a high-performing sales team, helping to exceed sales targets.
management skills using a
Ensure the achievement of KPI objectives (DN, PDL, CA) Ensure that good relations are maintained with the Managed relationships with distributors and partners Learning
KPI's
result
Directed direct distribution and enforced policy
+213-*********
University laboratory research.
run marketing campaigns to promote the
Proactive lead generation
Planned and executed effective sales strategies, increasing revenue significantly.
English
Identify relevant business targets for the
high-quality CRM.
Developed and implemented sales strategies for
Marketing Collaboration
Exceeding sales targets
Strategic market expansion
Bordj Bou Arreridj
12/2023 - / 2024, ANNABA
Successfully expanded our market presence by establishing new distribution channels, registering more than 500 new
Achievements/ Tasks
customers and launch of five new vehicles.
09/2013 - 07/2016,
Courses
Native or Bilingual Proficiency
Worked closely with the marketing team to develop and implement branding campaigns and medical visits to promote our lactose-free milk. 07/2018 - 11/2023,
Bordj Bou Arreridj
Consistently exceeded monthly and quarterly sales targets by 15%, contributing significantly to overall sales growth Achievements/ Tasks
Professional Working Proficiency
company income.
Annaba 09/2016 - 07/2019,
Professional Working Proficiency
Courses
Machine Translated by Google
Contact this candidate