James L. McLeod Greater NYC area 201-***-**** ad8zv4@r.postjobfree.com

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER/SALES EXECUTIVE
Sales & Account management n Installed Base Services Revenue Growth
Inside Sales/Business Development n Customer Success Initiatives

I have over 20 years of sales experience primarily focused on enterprise software solutions (ERP). I bring a proven ability in navigating my way into new markets and uncovering new business. My experience includes working for global software companies like Oracle- $50B, PeopleSoft -$2.5B (IT Services Sales) and GSI- $50M (Business Development).

My Specialties: ERP Services Sales/Renewals, Customer Retention/Service, Sales/Project Management, Lead Generation/Qualification.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS

GSI Inc. (Global Systems Integration) Client Development Manager- 02/2018 – 12/2023
GSI is a certified Oracle Platinum Partner and recognized industry leader with deep business and industry experience with enterprise software applications, automation, cloud and cybersecurity services.
Exceeded targets driving new business leads for JD Edwards, NetSuite, HubSpot, Cybersecurity and Managed Services in the Central & Western Regions. Collaborated with Solutions Delivery and Partners to exceed sales goals by 20% average the last 5 years. Managed Company Chat.
Inside Sales Responsibilities focused on building loyalty and long term relationships with customers consistently exceeding lead targets by 30% average. Skilled in utilizing industry leading tools to enable market analysis to determine customer trends and overall effectiveness of targeted lead generation campaigns, data analysis, cold calling and process optimization.
Developed Inbound and Outbound lead generation programs that resulted in 40% increases in BANT qualified leads.
ORACLE CORPORATION: Client Services Manager - 12/2012 to 07/2017
Ensured customer success with Oracle products by collaborating on their Oracle projects, resolving critical issues, and facilitating key deliverables against key performance metrics.
Focal point of leadership across Oracle Services, orchestrating services to provide the best Support in the industry from onboarding and driving adoption, to achieving revenue targets.

James L. McLeod Page 2

Managed services sales processes from targeting opportunities and engaging decision makers through closing and implementation. Exceeded sales targets by average of 15% annually.
Positioned services through value based selling and ROI analysis based on clients strategy and metrics for success as specified in solution justification
Developed success plans for customers that outlined their critical success factors, metrics for success, potential issues and provided recommendations to mitigate risk.
Monitored and facilitated customers adoption of solution features and functionality understanding their overall business needs related to specific products.
Managed customer expectations and situations that were escalated with tact and diplomacy, engaging the appropriate resources to resolve the issues as quickly as possible.
As the customer's partner and advocate, I represented their interests and business objectives within Oracle.
Regional Services Sales Manager- 12/2005 to 12/2012:
Exceeded sales results leading a team of Software Services & -Sales representatives chartered with renewing subscription technical product support services, selling Oracle University training and packaged post implementation consulting services. ($750M-$2.5B)
Developed account plans and consultative sales strategies for uncovering, negotiating and selling to customer needs.
Trained and mentored team members based upon development needs and individual growth objectives.
Collaborated with peers to establish best practices ensuring efficient and productive operations.

PEOPLESOFT CORPORATION: Services Sales Manager- 2000-2005:
Responsible for managing a sales team in renewing software and hardware support/ maintenance subscription contracts consistently exceeding all annual targets ($500M).
Structured transactions/business plans in tandem with sales, legal, operations and finance.
Developed the Support Sales Team which focused on customer retention and profitability.
Assisted in the development of playbooks, messaging, and reference material for Programs.
Evaluated complexity, pricing, risk and stakeholder value related to services program
EDUCATION: Kean College (B.S- Business Administration
Monmouth University – Finance/Economics
Contact this candidate