PATRICK LOMBARDI
ad8ziz@r.postjobfree.com
813-***-****
Tech Stack: Salesforce, Outreach, Zoominfo, Hubspot, LinkedIn, Sales Navigator, Salesloft, Orum, Apollo
Skills: Pipeline generation, CRM Management, Sales strategy development, Client and partner relations, Product demonstrations, Market research QUALIFICATIONS: Proven B2B sales professional with a strong track record of hitting or exceeding sales quotas. Proficient in leveraging CRMs like Salesforce and Outreach for lead management, nurturing, and customer relationship management. Expertise includes the ability to warm up leads, effectively qualify prospects, and execute successful outbound prospecting strategies. With a background in hospitality, I laid the groundwork for being a high-level communicator, problem solver, and excellent customer service provider. WORK EXPERIENCE:
Synch, New York, New York, 2024 - present
Title: Founding Business Development Representative ICP: Sales Operations Manager and above, Revenue Operations Manager and above, Chief Revenue Officer, Head of Sales, VP of Sales
● Develop sales process
● Build sequences
● Reports to Head of GTM and CEO.
● Qualifies leads, warms leads, and schedules meetings for Head of GTM and CEO.
● Research to find new prospects through cold calls / emails / Linkedin. Rattle, San Francisco, California, 2023 - 2024.
Title: Business Development Representative ICP:
Sales Operations Manager and above, Revenue Operations Manager and above, Chief Revenue Officer, Head of Sales, VP of Sales
Skills / Metrics
● Reported to BDR Manager and Revenue Operations Manager
● Drove 72% of all pipeline on the BDR team
● 700 dials / 200 emails / Linkedin messages (max) (Weekly) data.world, Austin, TX, 2022 - 2023.
Title: Business Development Representative
ICP: Data Engineer, Data Governance Manager, Data Manager, Data Specialist, Data Analyst Focused on the marketing side of the sales process, worked 1 to 1 with Account Executive and The President of Demand Generation.
Skills / Metrics
● Reported to the Sales and Marketing Department
● Had the most qualified meetings from inbound motion on the team. (88)
● 300 dials / 150 emails / 25 Linkedin inmail (Weekly)
● Engaged with prospects through phone calls, emails, and virtual meetings to understand their data needs and introduce data.world's solutions.
● I created the most successful sequence on the team, which lead to leadership implementing it teamwide
The Local Draught House, Paddy Wagon’s at USF, Ruby Tuesday of New Tampa: 2010 - 2021 Titles: Staff Trainer / Head Bartender / Head Waiter Skills:
● Drove revenue growth through marketing, and prospecting.
● Set sales metrics for the teams and manage.
● Managed the bar / restaurant operations, including inventory, staff, and customer service, ensuring a high-quality experience for patrons. Developed and maintained supplier relationships, negotiated pricing, and managed inventory effectively. Trained and supervised bar / restaurant staff, maximizing profitability and controlling expenses.
Contact this candidate