RAMANDEEP SINGH Mobile: +91-964******* - E-Mail: ad9bjh@r.postjobfree.com
Sales, Marketing & Business Development Professional – An Overview
Offering more than 15.0 years of comprehensive experience in Brand Management, Sales and Business across
Fmcg sector with well known organizations.
Leader, Sales & Marketing professional with rich experience in Business Development, Sales & Marketing and
People Management.
Currently designated as Regional sales manager – Global Green Company Ltd. (Avantha Group)
An effective communicator & team leader combined with flexible & detail oriented attitude with ability to
interact effectively with people.
Since 2022 as Regional Sales Manager (North India)
Key Responsibilities:
Identify potential clients in the target market and complete appropriate research on the prospective clients
business and needs.
Cover B2B And B2C Channel.
Travel to potential customers facilities, providing information and support to secure business.
Build and maintain relationships with all customers through an effective contact program.
Gather market information on competitor activities, trends & practices and communicate them in a timely
manner.
Develop growth strategies and plans
Manage Key stakeholders on aspects of stock planning and pricing.
Recommend areas of future growth potential such as acquisitions, new market strategies, etc.
Assist in establishing sales objectives for the territory in cooperation with management.
Assure sales activities in the territory comply with company policies and procedures.
Provide a timely, accurate forecast of sales by customer and product.
Lead and develop a team, coach and make decisions related to talent management, hiring, performance, and
disciplinary actions
Since Nov 2013 as Area Sales Manager (Chandigarh, Punjab, Himachal & Haryana)
Key Responsibilities:
Handling Retail & HoReCa Segment Through channel sales
Handling industrial segment through direct sales.
Prospecting and identification of new territories/new customers to open.
Appointment of super stockist’s state wise & distributers townwise..
CAREER CONTOUR
CAREER SNAPSHOT
GLOBAL GREEN COMPANY LTD. (Tify)
Handling team of representative’s town wise.
Identification & conversion of top accounts personally..
Implementation of the budget and schemes town wise.
Achievement of primary & secondary sales target town wise.
Tracking weekly primary & secondary sales, weekly stocks, and weekly damages.
Responsible for accounts receivable.
Assisting R&D team on new Product Launches, Distribution and Visibility.
Handling top accounts in every territory.
Handling Consumer complaints in respect of supply,quality, and usage of product.
Achievements-
Promoted to sales executive grade 5 on April 2015
Promoted to area manager grade 6 on April 2016
Increased the company secondary number of outlets base by 220 percent
Exceeded the annual sales target by 150 percent and generated revenue of 15 cr
Product Portfolio
1. Fillers N condiments-Gherkins, Jalapenos, Olives, Corns, Paprika Slices, capsicum.
2. Tomato Based-Tomato Ketchup, Paste, Puree, Pizza sauce
3. Bakery Products-Mayonnaise, Cherry, relish
Since 1 Nov 2010 to 20 Nov 2013 as Assistant sales manager - Retail & Institution Sales ( Chandigarh, Punjab,
Haryana)
Key Responsibilities:
Sales of frozen processed chicken products to retail and food service clients
Responsible for range selling and profitable selling.
Responsible for opening new towns.
Visiting & Collecting orders from secondary accounts.
Maintaining the visibility of products at retail outlets.
Tracking the secondary sales in the assigned territory.
Handling distributers and appointing agreed number of distributers.
New Product Launches, Distribution and Visibility.
Looking after the Sales Promotion activities and Work site activities to increase the visibility and business of
company..
Tracking the weekly secondary sales, damages, accounts receivable and distributer claims.
Service the clients’ complaints.
To visit the Supermarkets, bakers, Hotels for demonstration of products.
Achievements-
Promoted to sr executive on Nov 2012
Promoted to assistant sales manager on April 2013
Since May 2009 to Oct 2010 as BDE (Chandigarh, Punjab, Haryana)
Key Responsibilities:
CHATHA FOODS PVT LTD. (Swiss Naturen)
SHREE RANI SATI FOODS PVT LTD. (Frollik)
Sales of bakery ingredients to bakery segment in Haryana, Punjab, and Chandigarh.
Appointing and Handling dealers in assigned territory.
Handling personally premium top accounts
Responsible for identifying potential accounts and their conversion to.
Responsible for product Demonstration to Chef’s.
Visiting bakeries to collect orders on daily basis.
Handle complaints in respect of quality,delivary and usage of products.
Maintaining a proper stock in Distributors & Stockiest and updating product advertising material.
Sales of full range of company brands.
Development of New Market and Weak Coverage Area.
Achieving primary and secondary sales in assigned area.
MBA : Marketing
Institute : G.J.U
Academic Qualification:
Degree/
Certificate
Institute Board / University Year of
Passing
%Marks
BFST.(food
technology-4yrs)
Khalsa College, Amritsar G.N.D.U. 2006 70.0
XIIth K.v no.2. Amritsar Cantt. C.B.S.E 2002 63.20
Xth K.v laitkor peak,Shillong C.B.S.E 2000 65.33
Date of birth : 15-07-1985
Father’s name : Mr. Nirmal Singh
Gender : Male
Languages known : English, Hindi, Punjabi
Permanent address : V.P.O. – Mustapur, Bahopur, Jalandar, Punjab.
Postal address : H.no-202, B-9, Gulmohar City Extension, Chandigarh.
Mobile no. : 096********
E-mail id : ad9bjh@r.postjobfree.com, ad9bjh@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate