AW
ALEC WAAS
ad9cin@r.postjobfree.com 318-***-**** Verona, PA 15147
Highly driven General Manager successful at implementing strategic approaches to drive proﬁtability and sales. Recognized for performance excellence in operations and customer care. Successful at motivating, training and developing team members to drive proﬁtability in highly competitive environment. Recruiting and hiring
Workﬂow Planning
Loss Prevention
Business Development
Branding
Account Management
Joe's Crab Shack Pittsburgh, PA
General Manager
11/2015 - Current
Administered employee discipline through verbal and written warnings. Recruited, interviewed and hired qualiﬁed staﬀ for open positions. Enhanced operational performance by developing eﬀective business strategies, systems and procedures.
Used strong issue resolution and communication skills to cultivate and strengthen lasting client relationships.
Directed or coordinated ﬁnancial or budget activities to fund operations and maximize investments.
Reviewed ﬁnancial statements and sales or activity reports to measure productivity or goal achievement.
Appraised inventory levels on frequent basis, ordering new merchandise to keep quantities well-stocked.
Ruby Tuesdays Restaurant Shreveport,
LA
General Manager
01/2013 - 11/2015
Administered employee discipline through verbal and written warnings. Recruited, interviewed and hired qualiﬁed staﬀ for open positions. Enhanced operational performance by developing eﬀective business strategies, systems and procedures.
Tracked monthly sales to generate reports for business development planning.
Built and maintained loyal, long-term customer relationships through eﬀective account management.
Designed sales and service strategies to improve revenue and retention. Trained employees on duties, policies and procedures. Guided management and supervisory staﬀ to promote smooth operations. Led employee evaluations with constructive feedback to boost performance.
Managed inventory levels and conducted corrective action planning to minimize long-term costs.
Longhorn Steakhouse Atlanta, GA Monitored kitchen staﬀ to ensure compliance with company expectations Summary
Skills
Experience
Director of Culinary Operations
06/1996 - 01/2012
of taste, speed and presentation.
Streamlined kitchen functions through supply reorganization and communication with front-of-house manager.
Consistently maintained high levels of cleanliness, organization, storage and sanitation of food and beverage products to ensure quality. Coached staﬀ on strategies to enhance performance and improve customer relations.
Oversaw inventory and ordered ingredients to restock freezers, fridges and pantry.
Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various company programs.
Lyman High School Longwood, FL
High School Diploma
06/1986
GM of the year 2019
Senior mentor 2008-2010
Community Service Award 2011
8 sales growth awards from 2006-2012
Education and Training
Accomplishments
Contact this candidate