**** **** *** *: 317-***-****
Indianapolis, IN **231 Email: ad9db8@r.postjobfree.com

Jeffery A Runyon

SUMMARY

Senior Sales and Business Development Manager proficient in new business development, product launches, sales expansions, negotiations and sales presentations. Proven ability to manage sales representatives and wholesale distributors. International and National Sales Manager successful in forecasting, driving sales and marketing strategies & expansion to achieve organizational goals. Previous experience in District & Retail store management.

Relationship Selling
Budget Analysis/Forecasting
National & Global Account Management
Contract Negotiation
Business Planning
Channel Expansion/Market Development
Merchandising/Advertising
Development of Strategic Partnerships

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Adesso Inc. Walnut, CA
Director of Sales, Retail March 2024 to Present
Responsible and charged with taking 30 year old B2B company into retail channel.

Key Target Accounts Targets:

Best Buy
Office Depot
Independent A/V retailers
Target
Staples
Costco
Staples
HSN
Walmart

ScreenBeam, Inc. San Jose, CA November 2016 to November 2023
Nationals Sales Manager, Retail
Manage existing and grow retail partner portfolio (Brick/Mortar and “dot-com”) businesses with "Wireless Display" technology solution. Develop and execute strategy for brand building into various channels that would benefit from this technology. Work closely with Key accounts to ensure growth as well as look at new product opportunities to transition from commercial to consumer marketplace. Manage three outside sales staff to ensure continuity in all facets of the job on a national level. Teach, sell, close.

Key Accounts:

Best Buy
Amazon.com
Camping World
Walmart
Meijer
Staples
Home Depot
Target/Target.com
Office Depot Tech

Successfully added large National and Regional Accounts representing approximately $3MM in new business
Grew existing large dotcom business by nearly 26% by increased marketing awareness and promotions totaling nearly $10MM in sales annually
Grew large national big box business by 19% with increased exposure on floor by adding two POG placements (for a total of four positions) totaling in excess of $14MM in annual sales

Jeffery A Runyon

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE continued

Escort Inc., Cincinnati OH February 2015 to October 2016
National Sales Manager, National Accounts
Charged with establishing and managing National Accounts for sales of high-end Radar Detectors. Transition on-line to direct (transition from distributors) accounts that have a national presence while cultivating new channels of retail distribution. Managed and grew current partnerships and overall revenue exceeding $23MM. Ensure compliance to corporate "Best Practices" while seeking opportunities to expand model beyond current perspective.

Key Accounts:

Best Buy
Office Depot/Office Max
Wal-Mart/Sams Club
Best Buy.com
Shop HQ
Costco/Costco.com
Amazon.com
Target/Target.com
h.h. Gregg

XM-i Pte. Ltd., (X-mini) Singapore November 2011 to January 2015
Director of Business Development, North America
Responsible for early development and execution of strategic distribution, logistics, sales and marketing for U.S. and Canada for new company launching in North America. Restructured distribution partners, acquired logistics and warehouse partner. Established quality rep firm network to ensure appropriate representation. Secured high profile retail accounts for launch of product. Increased revenue from $350K to $8.85M during this period.

Key Accounts:

Amazon.com
Office Depot
Microsoft Stores
Best Buy/Best Buy.com
Newegg.com
Costco/Costco.com
Walgreen's
Safeway
Bloomingdales

itablet/X2 Computing, Worcestershire, United Kingdom November 2010 to September 2011 Director of Sales, the America's
Accountable for expanding presence of Window's and Android based tablets to the Enterprise/vertical markets in the United States, Canada and Latin America. With primary focus on retail, education, healthcare, hospitality and food services providing a specific mobile computing solution to our customer. Close interaction with Asian factories to ensure compliance to customer needs. Instituting appropriate business planning by channel as well as developing, sourcing and marketing to the various channels of distribution. Responsible for managing customer proposal processes, set-up, financial models and approvals while providing annual forecasting and budgeting elements.

Key Accounts
United Health Care
New York Stock Exchange

Jeffery A Runyon

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE continued

Brightpoint North America, Plainfield, IN Nov. 2009 to October2010
New Business Development Sales Manager
Tasked with contributing to the strategic direction and vision of the company, providing entry into the retail market place with key products & services from wireless carriers and OEM/Aftermarket manufacturers. Identify, establish and maintain strategic relationships with both existing and future OEM and retail partners. Recognizing current market trends and growth areas to position both the company’s existing solutions and deploy new value adds to generate new revenue. Prospect new customers in various retail channels as well as existing network. Actively manage external and internal support resources. Responsible for managing customer proposal processes, set-up, financial models and approvals while providing annual forecasting and budgeting elements.

Key Accounts:

Radio Shack
Amazon.com
Target & Target.com
Verizon Wireless
Sprint Telecom
Best Buy

EDUCATION
Ivy Technical College Terre Haute, IN

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Team Delphi V Problem Solving Rockford Fosgate Technical Training Institute
Walt Disney Management Institute Whirlpool Manager Training Program
Ken Blanchard Situational Leadership Training The Friedman Group Retail Management Training
Contact this candidate