Brett Santema
ad01hp@r.postjobfree.com 214-***-**** 2 Longwood Ct, Galena IL
https://github.com/bsantema
Summary
Recent Software Engineering graduate with experience seeking a position where I can utilize my software development skills.
Education
Iowa State University, Ames, IA
Senior Majoring in Software Engineering, Minor in Data Science Graduated May 2021
GPA 3.68/4.0
Technical Skills and Proficiencies
Java, C#, C, C++, .NET Core, SQL, Javascript/Node.js, TypeScript, React, HTML/CSS, Python, R, Git Work Experience
Epic Systems - Software Developer June 2021 - Feb 2022
● Worked with numerous internal tools and connected apps to design, develop, and test new enhancements and fixes to outpatient pharmacy and specialty pharmacy software.
● Used flexible problem-solving skills to investigate issues reported by QA. Buildertrend - Software Development Intern Summer 2020
● Worked in an Agile-like environment converting ASP.NET webpages to React.
● Gained experience with .NET Core architecture and updating REST endpoints.
● Expanded knowledge of UI design with TypeScript and React. Iowa State University - Undergrad teaching assistant, ComS 227 August 2019 – December 2020
● Helped students understand the core concepts of Java and object-oriented programming.
● Exercised leadership and communication skills to run labs and office hours.
● Assisted students with troubleshooting technical issues during lab. EagleRidge Resort & Spa Summer 2018 General Store Clerk Summer 2018
● Delivered quality products for customers and provided exemplary customer service. Projects
AR Chess Advisor – Android app for AR glasses
● AR app that uses computer vision to determine board state.
● Uses the stockfish chess engine to recommend the best move to the user. OpenCampus – Android app
● Developed frontend with Google Maps API to show an interactive map of the Iowa State Campus.
● Uses Volley to connect to MySQL database using GET and POST.
● Allows users to post points of interest (USpots) and post reviews for other USpots. Photo Organizer – Web app
● Built with .NET Core architecture, SQL, and Typescript/React.
● Allows users to upload images, post comments, manage collections, and do searching/sorting.
Activities
● Iowa State University Honors Program August 2017 – May 2021
● Eagle Scout
Contact this candidate