Marissa Moran
Phone: 513-***-****
Email: ad07tw@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/marissa-moran25

Objective: Bright, reliable researcher with a passion for environmental science and a strong background in laboratory work, field research and data analysis. Seeking to leverage my academic achievements and technical skills to excel in a Biologist or Data Scientist role, applying data-driven insights to environmental and ecological challenges.

EMPLOYMENT
February 2023 – Present
ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENTIST, Aquatech ECo Consultants, tampa, FL
(Full-Time, 40hrs/weeK)
oCurrently employed by Aquatech Eco Consultants, a private environmental consulting company dedicated to restoring seagrass ecosystems in Florida and beyond.
oDuties include maintaining freshwater and saltwater seagrass aquaculture systems, constructing planting units for large-scale restoration projects, performing site inspections and field surveys, operating research vessels, and implementing projects with local stakeholders and collaborators.
November 2021 – December 2022
LABORATORY TECHNICIAN II, University of Florida, Patterson Lab, Apollo Beach, FL
(Full-Time, 40hrs/week)
oFormerly employed in Dr. Joshua Patterson’s sea urchin aquaculture lab through a 12 month grant-funded position that ended December 31st, 2022.
oDuties included maintaining larval and juvenile urchin husbandry research systems, urchin spawning, maintaining and inoculating microalgae cultures, performing water quality and bacteriology tests, and experimental data collection.
oOther duties included managing lab inventory and purchasing, public outreach, delivering cultured animals to collaborators, and mentoring high school and undergraduate students.
May 2021 – November 2021
CORAL RESTORATION INTERN, The florida Aquarium’s center for conservation, apollo beach, fl
(Full-time, 40hrs/week)
oGained valuable aquarium and life support experience as a paid intern while developing a scientific study to fulfill graduation requirements for the University of Miami’s Master of Professional Science program. Completed graduate degree while working full time.
oDuties included routine cleaning of aquarium systems, maintaining necessary life support equipment, feeding invertebrates, and cleaning coral settlement tiles using a dissecting microscope. Other duties included cutting and mounting corals, testing water quality, participating in coral spawning and gamete collection, and performing health assessments.
Autumn 2018 – Spring 2020
STUDENT DINING LEAD, THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY, The Ohio State University, Woody’s tavern, columbus, OH
(Part time, 15hrs/week)
oGained strong customer service and time management skills while working part-time with full-time undergraduate enrollment.
EDUCATION
2020-2022
THE UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI’S ROSENSTIEL SCHOOL OF MARINE AND ATMOSPHERIC SCIENCES, MIAMI, FLORIDA
·Master of Professional Science, Marine Conservation
·Report Title: Assessing the impact of clustered growth among juvenile Atlantic corals in an ex-situ nursery: will a clustered mounting configuration yield a higher growth rate?
2016-2020
THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY, COLUMBUS, OHIO
·Bachelor of Science, Zoology
·Minor: International Relations and Diplomacy

RESEARCH EXPERIENCE
2021
Field research techniques at the University of Miami’s Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science
oCourse included field trips to study and explore a variety of different environments around South Florida.
oGained experience using transects to perform seagrass surveys, tagging and performing workups on endemic shark species, collecting marine samples using seine nets, operating Remote Operated Vehicles (ROVs) and scientific snorkeling.
2020
Field course studying tropical marine biology at the University of Miami's Broad Key Research Station
oCollected and identified biological specimens from mangrove forests, rocky intertidal zones, seagrass beds, and coral reefs.

Summer 2019-Spring 2020
Undergraduate research volunteer -The Ohio State University, Grottoli Lab
oWorked in Dr. Andrea Grottoli’s lab studying resilience of multiple Pacific coral species exposed to changes in water temperature and pH.
oDuties included grinding coral samples, partitioning samples for chlorophyll, lipid, and protein analysis, assessing biomass of dried and burnt coral samples, and assessing the degree of bleaching across coral polyps using the software ImageJ.

2019
Research-based Tropical Behavioral Ecology and Evolution Course at Ohio State University
oDeveloped an experimental study on the density and distribution of a parasitic ant species native to Panama. The experimental study was later carried out in Gamboa, Panama in conjunction with the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute (STRI).

Summer 2018
Marine research in the Turks and Caicos Islands
oAssessed abundance and distribution of queen conch in the waters surrounding South Caicos. Conducted at the Center for Marine Resource Studies in conjunction with the School for Field Studies.

Autumn 2017-Spring 2018
Undergraduate research volunteer- The Ohio State University, Sullivan Lab
oLaboratory focused on assessing the viral counts of environmental samples sent from the Tara Oceans Project.
oPlated environmental samples onto slides using a wet-mount enumeration method and assessed viral concentrations using a fluorescence microscope.

TECHNOLOGICAL SKILLS
·Proficient in RStudio statistical software, JMP statistical software, ArcGIS mapping software, SAS statistical software, BigQuery, and SQL.
·Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), Google Drive Services (Documents, Slides, Sheets), Cloud-based collaboration tools (eg. Microsoft Teams, dropbox, drive) and Image J Image Processing Software.

RELEVANT COURSEWORK
*denotes graduate-level course
·Marine Science courses: Principles of Oceanography (3), Ocean Ecology (1.5), Advanced Oceanography* (3), Tropical Marine Ecology* (3), Environmental Law & Policy* (3), Marine Conservation Biology* (3), Statistics for Marine Scientists* (3), Reef Coral Ecology and Conservation* (3), Shark Behavioral Ecology* (3), Introduction to Marine GIS* (3).
·Research courses: Tropical Behavioral Ecology (3), Undergraduate individual studies (1), Tropical Marine Biology* (3), Exploration Science Field Studies* (3),
·General science courses: Statistics for Life Sciences (3), Biology I (4) and II (4), General Chemistry I (5) and II (5), Introduction to Organic Chemistry (3), Physics I (5) and II (5), Endocrinology (2), Evolution (4), Ecology (3), Comparative Physiology (3), Integrated Biology (4), General Genetics (3), Introduction to Insect Science (1), Conservation Biology (3).
CERTIFICATIONS
·PADI Open Water SCUBA certification (Autumn 2019)
REFERENCES
Brennan Wehrhahn
Associate-Senior Biologist
Aquatech Eco Consultants
6460 Eureka Springs Rd, Tampa, FL 33610
201-***-****
ad07tw@r.postjobfree.com

Amber Cortazzo
Associate-Biologist
Aquatech Eco Consultants
6460 Eureka Springs Rd, Tampa, FL 33610
610-***-****
ad07tw@r.postjobfree.com

Joshua Patterson, Ph.D
Former Supervisor and Associate Professor at the University of Florida
The Florida Aquarium’s Center for Conservation-Patterson lab
529 Estuary Shore Ln, Apollo Beach, FL 33572
813-***-****
ad07tw@r.postjobfree.com

Diana Gibson-Fowler
Undergraduate Associate- Account Executive at Toast Inc.
401 Park Dr #801, Boston, MA 02215
937-***-****
ad07tw@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate