Camellia Hilker Statistical Data Scientist
C o n t a c t
ad0cxf@r.postjobfree.com
260-***-****
camelliahilker
camhilker

Chicago, IL 60130

A b o u t M e
Data Scientist specializing in biological
assay data and genome sequences. 7+
years experience with Python, but also
comfortable programming R and
RStudio. App development experience in
Flask/Django. Previous experience as a
PCR microbiology lab technician.
Data Science/Development: Python,
Linux/Unix/BASH, Flask, sci-kit learn,
matplotlib/Seaborn, Jupyter Notebooks,
HTML, Heroku, Pandas,
Automated web scraping (Selenium),
Natural Language Processing (NLP),
Tableau, pytorch/tensorflow,
Regression Analysis, Plotly/Dash,
Unsupervised Learning, Clustering,
Principal Component Analysis, DataRobot
Bioinformatics: R/RStudio, BLAST,
Bioconductor, BioPython, PubMed/GEO,
PLINK, STRUCTURE
Microbiology: PCR, ELISA,
Liquid-handling robots,
Media Preparation, Pour-plate Methods,
Aseptic technique,
Microbial ID Confirmation
S k i l l s
A w a r d s
Metis ·
Completion of Data Science Intensive
Aug.
2019
12-week Python-based Data Science Intensive
Illinois Department of Public Health ·
Colisure Certification
Sept.
2018
Proficiency in coliform/E. coli water safety
testing
Loyola University Chicago ·
Research Mentoring Fellowship
May
2012
Conducted research under Dr. Patrick
Daubenmire, Department of Chemistry
E x p e r i e n c e
Jan. 2022 to Current WCG - KMR Group Chicago, IL
Senior Statistical Data Analyst
Prepared graphs and figures for reports relating to clinical trial yearly metrics for major pharmaceutical companies.
Ran statistical analysis and regression models in both R and Python to support findings
Utilized Python packages such as Selenium to mine publicly-available clinical trial data in order to bolster datasets
May 2021 to Dec. 2021 Luminex - DiaSorin Northbrook, IL Scientist I - Data Analyst
Developed a full-stack interface using Python Flask for storing internal QC data.
Created dashboards and various interactive data visualizations using Tableau/Plotly/Seaborn.
Conducted statistical analyses in order to inform decisions on the stability of reagents.
Constructed machine learning models to suggest root causes of assay and equipment failures.
Jan. 2020 to May 2021 Argonne National Laboratory Lemont, IL Data Scientist
Involved in various projects that use deep learning and/or machine learning to analyze genomic sequence and gene expression data, utilized and mined data such as 16s and 18s rRNA, Affymetrix Human Genome Arrays, and Illumina Sequencing
Topics include terrestrial metagenomic research, ancestry prediction, and mutational signatures.
Scripted custom programs for data curation using bash Experience with command line parallel programming
Jan. 2017 to June 2019 Matrix Sciences - Northland Laboratories Mount Prospect, IL Microbiology Technician II
Processed samples via PCR and ELISA for the detection of Salmonella genus, L. monocytogenes, and E. coli O157H7
Prepared media, maintained stock cultures and performed biochemical species confirmation assays as referenced by FDA, ISO, USP, and CMMEF Knowledge of setup, operation, and maintenance of liquid handling robots
Performed analysis of results and communicated findings to clients Jan. 2013 to July 2014 Loyola University Chicago Dept. of Chemistry Chicago, IL Undergraduate Researcher
Experience working with human subjects in a research study (CITI certification)
Presented research at Loyola University symposiums and meetings Assisted with proofreading and side research for dissertation publication of PhD candidate
Developed NLP-like techniques for analyzing interview text data E d u c a t i o n
Brandeis University Aug. 2016 to May 2019
Master of Science Bioinformatics 2019
Loyola University Chicago Aug. 2010 to May 2014
Bachelor of Science Biology 2014
Contact this candidate