Richard Lusk
ad0tpu@r.postjobfree.com 503-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-lusk-890338235/ 7605 SW 165th Ave, Beaverton, OR

EDUCATION
BYU-Idaho, Rexburg ID September 2019 - September 2023
BS Data Science Minor Statistics
Extracurricular: Data Science Society Presidency

WORK EXPERIENCE
Data Science Consultant Rexburg, ID
Wilford Woodruff Papers April 2022- April 2023
●Worked as a Data Scientist on a team creating an API for historical records and journals of Wilford Woodruff and created storytelling tools for the official website.
●I utilized NLP (Natural Language Processing) to develop a sentiment analysis model for historical documents. Used this to create visualizations to create insights for my employer
●Restructured the data around one column to optimize the data for historical analysis and pulled metadata about certain journal entries.
Data Science Intern Rexburg, ID
RBDC Jan 2023- April 2023
●Developed a web scraper in python to collect and organize agricultural pricing data from Idaho and Eastern Oregon and transformed it into a usable database.
●Designed a dashboard displaying grain prices and futures for farmers to make informed sales decisions.
●Pushed the dashboard to a cloud publisher to allow easy access for the deliverable to be used inside and outside of the organization.
President Data Science Society Rexburg, ID
BYU-I Sep 2022 - April 2023
●Managed Data Science teams as they worked on projects such as an API for STOTS, A predictive modeling and analysis for Cooper Norman, sentiment analysis for Onsemi Semiconductors and Interactive visuals for the Wilford Woodruff Papers Historical society.
●Conducted meetings with companies and discussed technical problems along with big picture problems and consulted on how we could solve them.
●Orchestrated trips to visit employers and network on behalf of the data science society.

VOlUNTEER
Mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Santiago, Chile
Missionary Dec 2018 - Dec 2020
●Served full-time mission in Santiago Chile South, conducting meetings, teaching gospel principles in the language of Spanish, and performing community service.
●Instructed and marketed an English class which I created in conjunction with the Municipality of Paine.
●Served in a leadership role, delivering training, setting goals, accounting, and providing counsel to fellow missionaries.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Python R Database Management SQL Pyspark Statistical Models ELT Excel
PowerBI Tableau AI/Machine Learning Models AWS Spanish Data Analysis Powerpoint
Contact this candidate