TECHNICAL SKILLS

Data Science: Predictive Modeling, Data Visualization, Machine Learning Explainability and Insight Generation, Deep Learning (RNN, CNN, NLP), Processing Large Datasets, Time Series, A/B Testing,
Programming: Python, MySQL
Machine Learning & Data Analytics Tools: Scikit-learn, Pandas, Numpy, SciPy, Tensorflow, Keras, Statsmodels, Anaconda
ML OPS: CI/CD Tools: AWS

PROJECTS

MORTGAGE DEFAULT MODEL
This real-life large project consists of five different sub-projects.
- Downloaded and sampled 15 million rows of mortgage performance data from Freddie Mac using AWS - S3, AWS - Athena and SQL.
- After understanding the content of the dataset which has 557,000 samples, necessary cleaning and adjustments were performed by using python. After imputation the missing values, required scaling and encoding were applied. Hyper-tuning was carried out through grid search and pipeline methodologies, using Logistic Regression and XGB Classifier algorithms.
- After enriching the dataset, the newly obtained results were compared with the previous scores. ROC and F1 scores were interpreted.
- In the explainability part, the impact of all features on predictions was observed and interpreted.

TWITTER SENTIMENT ANALYSIS
Designed and implemented a software system to investigate the role of social media in instilling anti- American sentiment among US allies through misinformation and disinformation efforts. The project encompassed data collection, data handling, machine learning and insight generation.

SPAM DETECTION
It is a public set of comments collected for spam research. It has five datasets composed by 1,956 real messages extracted from five videos that were among the 10 most viewed on the collection period. The project encompassed bag of words, stopwords, min_df, max_df, n_grams, evaluation of feature importance, machine learning and insight generation.

EDUCATION

2022-2023: Data Science Vista Bootcamp Certificate Degree in Data Science

2006-2011: Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering
Faculty of Engineering and Architecture of Selcuk University,
Konya/Turkey
2011-2015: Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
Faculty of Business Administration of Anadolu University
Eskisehir/Turkey

CERTIFICATES

Basic Data Descriptors, Statistical Distributions,and Application to Business Decisions

SQL for Data Science

Rice University
Coursera

University of California, Davis
Coursera
Understanding and Visualizing Data with Python
University of Michigan
Coursera

WORK EXPERIENCE
Data Science Intern, DECI TECH
Working as an intern delivering data science projects to clients in the finance industry.
As a Data Science Intern at DECI TECH. My responsibilities included leveraging statistical analysis and machine learning techniques to extract valuable insights from large datasets. I actively participated in the end-to-end process of project development, from data collection and preprocessing to model training and deployment.

I collaborated closely with cross-functional teams to understand client requirements and design solutions that addressed their business challenges. This experience allowed me to apply my knowledge of programming languages such as Python and SQL, as well as proficiency in data manipulation and visualization tools like Pandas, NumPy, and Matplotlib. I also debugged an information leakage bug, which caused a misunderstanding of the model.

Moreover, I gained hands-on experience in developing predictive models, conducting exploratory data analysis, and implementing data-driven strategies to enhance decision-making processes for our clients

Overall, my time as a Data Science Intern at DECI TECH provided me with valuable insights into real-world applications of data science in the finance industry, and I further developed my skills in problem-solving, data analysis, and project management."
VOLUNTEER
Primary Teacher 2018- 2022

MAS-Weekend School- Urbana IL
My practices in weekend school, involving curriculum development, classroom management, and teacher assistance, reflect my ability to successfully oversee a wide range of educational activities. Taking a leadership role in the curriculum preparation process, I have created lesson plans to provide students with effective and organized education. My skills in classroom management have assisted in establishing an efficient learning environment among students. Experiences in maintaining order in the classroom and assisting students have strengthened my collaboration skills with teacher assistants. Additionally, acquiring the skill of effective communication with families has significantly contributed to the success of children. The management and educational strategies applied in the weekend school have allowed me to educate students effectively and enhance student engagement.

Primary Teacher 2018-2023
DEEN Homeschool Co-Op, Urbana IL

By volunteering as a teacher at DEEN Homeschool, I engaged in various activities to create a multicultural, safe learning environment, providing students from kindergarten to 5th grade with not only lessons in good behavior and moral values but also a well-rounded academic education. I contributed to curriculum development, organized lessons, and prepared showcases. This experience allowed me to strengthen my commitment to education and improve my teaching skills, motivating me to contribute more effectively to the school of Champaign- Urbana community.

LANGUAGES
Turkish
English
REFERENCES
Hatice Halac: Founder of Deci Tech, Managing Director of Credit Ratings Modeling at DBRS Morningstar
Contact: Phone: +1-703-***-****
Mai Taha: HR in University of Illinois, Instructor at MAS
Contact: Phone: +1-515-***-****, e-mail: ad1ba1@r.postjobfree.com
Afeefa Ismail: Admin at DEEN Homeschool
Contact: Phone: +1-618-***-****, e-mail: ad1ba1@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate