ANANYA GOEL
224-***-**** ad1f0f@r.postjobfree.com https://annanya7.github.io/ linkedin.com/in/ananya-goel-67009b20a/ WORK EXPERIENCE
Data Science Intern Nov 2023 – Present
India HealthLink Chicago
− Contributed to cross-functional quality improvement projects under ILPQC at India HealthLink.
− Analyzed data, optimized processes, and reported on healthcare quality enhancements. Data Science Intern Jan 2023 – Mar 2023
IIT Roorkee Roorkee
− Implemented mobility traces for Indian cities using origin-destination matrices to calculate optimal routes for home-to-work and other commutes.
− Conducted EDA on geospatial-temporal data with Python, visualized findings using MATLAB. Data Scientist Jun 2022 – Aug 2022
Pensionbox Bangalore
− Spearheaded a collaborative-filtering peer-to-peer recommendation model, resulting in a significant 5% increase in sales through effective churn prediction.
− Transformed Pensionbox App data into a responsive web dashboard using AWS Sagemaker, Dash, and Flask, which was successfully integrated into the app, enhancing the user interface. Machine Learning Intern Jun 2021 – Aug 2021
IIT Kanpur Remote
− Implemented FBProphet and LSTM to predict non-linear trends in COVID dataset.
− Press release on new cases,death, active cases and the region with highest fatatily rate in India Data Analytics and Machine Learning Intern Feb 2021 – Mar 2021 RACLD Delhi
− Orchestrated an analysis team to formulate India’s village-level strategic development plan for Thanjavur district.
− Implemented Naive Bayes and Hierarchical Clustering for data-driven insights on 540 households, with findings presented to the Prime Minister’s Oﬀice (PMO) of India. PROJECTS
Automated Classification of Animal Vocalization: Utilized MFCC to classify buffalo sounds into audio concise estrus or non-estrus phases.Employed SVM, Random Forest, RNN, CRNN, and ResNet34, achieving a peak accuracy of 89.3%. Diabetic Retinopathy Detection using Deep Learning : Used TensorFlow to implement CNN to classify colored retinal images for severity of diabetes. Added a layer of residual networks to achieve accuracy of 83% Deep Short Text Classification using Hybrid Approach : Implemented word2vec and TF-IDF model to calculate the sentiment coeﬀicient of 18,110 political tweets and CNN for political discourse. Facial Expressions Detector : Performed multi-class categorization of facial images into discrete emotions using CNN. AWARDS
1. Student Liaison at Northwestern University, representing Women in Science and Engineering (WISER). 2. Best Research Paper on ”Investigating IoT Technology in Designing of Smart Cities” in AICTE sponsored VSIT’21 3. Awarded the Certificate of Excellence in Computer Engineering by ASHRAE. 4. Served as the Student Campus Ambassador at UPES. 5. Best Public Relations Head - Smart Analyzers
6. Achieved a Silver Medal in the International Award for Young People (IAYP) 7. Earned 7 Gold and 3 Silver Medals in the World Scholar’s Cup. CERTIFICATIONS
Certified AI Development Design Thinking IBM Oct 2022 AI on Jetson Nano NVDIA Aug 2022
Industrial certified Machine Learning Trainee Euclid Labs Aug 2021 EDUCATION
Masters in Artificial Intelligence, Northwestern University Dec 2024 Coursework: Introduction to AI, Frameworks of AI
Bachelors in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, UPES May 2023 CGPA:8.4,Coursework: AI, NLP, Deep Learning, Robotics, Pattern Detection
Contact this candidate