Berhanu D Belete, DBA Email: ad1t4g@r.postjobfree.com
Coon Rapids, MN 55448 Phone: 612-***-****
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/dr-berhanu-belete-014637244
Summary
Data Scientist with a strong Business Analytics, Mathematics, Statistics, and Engineering background and 5+ years of experience using predictive modeling, data processing, and data mining algorithms to solve challenging business problems. Involved in Python open-source community and passionate about deep reinforcement learning. I have teaching experience, the basic concepts of data analysis, prepare data for further analysis to drive decision-making for business, designed to teach how to organize, manage, and analyze large data sets from various sources, teach how to transform raw data into meaningful information that will be utilized for data-driven decision-making. I have experience preparing client orientation presentations and the ability to develop and implement successful solutions for critical issues and I am a team player dedicated to motivating and mentoring colleagues within multicultural settings..
Education
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT): Certified Applied Data Science Program (2022-2023)
Saint Mary's University of Minnesota: Doctorate in Business Administration with Management and Strategy Specialization (DBA), Dissertation research: The analysis of the Economic Implication of Strengthening Intellectual Property Rights and Innovation in developing countries, (2022)
Saint Mary's University of Minnesota: Master of Telecommunication System and Information Science,(2009)
University of Minnesota: Bachelor of Electrical Engineering (2003)

Experience
Data Analytics Adjunct Professor
Southwest Wisconson Technical College, Fennimore, WI 05/2023 – Present

Data Analytics 1 &2: In this course, teach the basic concepts of data analysis and how they are used to drive business processes and prepare data for further analysis to drive decision-making for business.
Business Intelligence and Visualization: This course is designed to teach how to organize, manage, and analyze large data sets from various sources. The learner will use software tools to present complex data in visually meaningful representations. Upon completion, the learner will learn how to transform raw data into meaningful information that will be utilized for data-driven decision-making.
Software Applications: The learner will learn to use BA software tools- Postgres-SQL, Python, Tableau, and advanced Excel involving scenarios and case studies.
Strategy Analysis & Evaluation: The learner will identify and define business needs, understand the business structure, strategy, and impact of work efforts, determine the importance of vision, strategy, goals, and objectives, and define solution scope. Effectively facilitate change management.
International Data Analyst
United States Patent and Trademark Office of OIPC, Alexandria, VA 04/2022-12/2023
Conduct empirical studies and analyses using various data mining/data analysis methods to analyze and interpret structured or unstructured data to inform regulatory decision-making.
Evaluate research proposals and advise researchers who apply analytical, artificial intelligence, machine learning, natural language processing, deep learning, mathematics, statistics, graph/network, visualization, and reporting tools to data sets to further scientific understanding and
Supports the development of solutions to reactor system regulatory issues using data mining/data analysis, visualization, mathematics, statistics, and artificial intelligence
Create recovery Database, SQL, PgAdmin, and analysis data and queries.
Electrical and Network Patent Examiner
United States Patent and Trademark Office, Alexandria, VA 05/2012-04/2022
(Remote Job)
Patent Examining with potential decision-making for the patentability of inventions on examination for Computer Hardware and Software, Network Devices and Apparatus, Telecommunications Equipment, Energy and Power apparatus, and retrieval, the radio, television, data processing systems, and optics using Electrical and Electronic background.
Practice Patent laws
Knowledge of PE2E tools,
Experience working in PE2E DAV and OC,
Experience querying data from PALM
Knowledge of SharePoint, EXCEL, PowerPoint, and WORD.
Managing the docket for workflow
Effective communication with the USPTO clients, such as lawyers.
Office correspondent action or examination report to the client
Work or satisfying the USPTO stakeholders that ensure the quality of work is satisfied for all.
Work with internal and external team members and stakeholders efficiently.
Senior Data Scientist Consultant
Proxy Global consulting Group LLC, Minneapolis, MN 03/2020 –05/2023
Developed multivariate Gaussian anomaly detection algorithm in Python to identify suspicious patterns in network traffic
Data Analysis and Visualization: Exploratory Data Analysis, Visualization (Principal component analysis (PCA), MDS, and t-distributed stochastic neighbor embedding (t-SNE)) for visualization and determining important nodes and edges in a network, Clustering in a network.
Unsupervised Learning case study, Clustering includes- Hierarchical, K-Means, DBSCAN, and Gaussian Mixture.
Machine Learning: Supervised Learning – Regression, Classification, and Model Evaluation - Cross Validation and Bootstrapping
Applied Data Science for analysis of decision trees, random forests for supervised machine learning algorithm, and time series analysis that analyzes data on time-series, which later extracts meaningful statistics and other information, and
Deep learning is an application of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. In addition, extract deep/high-level information from the raw input, like images, objects, etc.
The Deep Learning approach for Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) is utilized for image processing, segmentation, classification, the fundamentals of Graph Neural Networks (GNN), and several other applications.
Recommendations Systems: recommend the best-suited items to customers and use a recommendation system so that you can choose the best products for customers.
The case study implements Tensor and NN for recommendation systems.
Created customized reports in Tableau for data visualization
Skills
Python, R, SQL, MATLAB, PostgreSQL, Access Database, and Tableau
Predictive modeling, Machine Learning, Data Analytics
Quantitative analysis, Business Anlytics, Data Strategy Analysis & Evaluatio
Python, Python libraries, Numpy, Keras, TensorFlow, matplotlib,

Affiliations
An active member of The Ethiopian American Engineers and Scientists Association (SEAES), Alexandria, VA Chapter,
Active Ethiopian Community service at Twin City, Minnesota Chapter, and
An active member of IEEE and the National Society of Black Engineering (NSBE)
Contact this candidate