Isidro J. Leonyork B.
Phone : +1-305-***-****
E-mail : ad1wmc@r.postjobfree.com

As a passionate and dedicated professional, I am eager to contribute my expertise as a Blockchain Developer and Data Scientist to a dynamic team in the realm of Web3.0 technology. With a strong foundation in Solidity, machine learning algorithms, and full-stack development, I am committed to harnessing these skills to drive innovation and optimize decision-making processes. I am determined to excel in an environment that values teamwork, accountability, and continuous learning, while leveraging my fluency in English and Spanish to foster effective cross-functional communication. My goal is to leverage my technical acumen and leadership qualities to create tangible, lasting impacts within the exciting landscape of blockchain and emerging technologies.

Excellent communications skills, both written and oral.
Intense training on Blockchain Architecture, Solidity, Python, Algorithmic Trading, Machine Learning, Full-Stack Development, Data Analysis, API development.
Focused and detail-oriented with excellent time management skills.
Extensive knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle
Always learning the evolution of Web development and development frameworks usage
Strong problem-solving abilities with strong critical and analytical skills.
Involved in the use of Cryptocurrencies and Web3.0 technologies.
Strong belief the success of a project has a strong relationship with the degree of ownership obtained by the people executing it.
Strong belief that fluent and continued communication, within the team and across company departments, is a key aspect for the success of any project.
Quick learner, the learning process never stops in the Software Development industry.
Experienced in the areas of leadership and teamwork, as well as tools to perform the job better and safer.
Speaks fluently English and Spanish.

FinTech Boot Camp, University of Miami,
March 2023 – August 2023
Miami, Florida
Intensive training on python development using pandas, matplotlib, TensorFlow, Holoviz and others to perform data analysis and visualization.
Use Machine Learning/AI python libraries to create AI models to analyze tendencies in real estate markets, stock markets, marketing, and sales data.
Create blockchain Smart Contracts using Solidity and the supporting libraries and utilities to perform testing and deploying of these contracts.
Creating data set for analysis using API like Alpaca and yfinance, and databases for storage using PostgreSQL, SQLite, MongoDB
Use web development with JS and React with different frameworks to fast development of UI applications to interact with smart contracts, databases and API’s.
Mint and deploy NFT tokens.
Use JavaScript and TypeScript, React and Streamlit to create the user interface for the analytical models and data analysis and visualization.

Sales Associate, Tire Kingdom, Miami
September 2020 – March 2023
Miami, Florida
Clear and detail communication with customers regarding the required maintenance of their vehicles
Make sure customers receive the best service possible.
Implement agile response to customer requests.
Handle customer complaints and appropriate resolutions to the issues
Identified opportunities or leads for additional clients.
Client Relationship Supervisor, BP Horticulture, Miami
September 2019 – August 2020
Miami, Florida
Responsible for communications with clients, performing walk-throughs with them to maintain a high level of communications and awareness of requirements and improvements.
Implement agile response to customer requests.
Supervise the execution of the maintenance team.
Continued training and feedback to team members for continued improvements and safety.
Responsible for the procurement of materials requested by customers.
Identified opportunities or leads for additional clients.
Customer Relationship and Logistics, BENCAFE, Nicaragua
July 2010 – July 2019
Nicaragua
Responsible for the commodities futures, to maximize the price of coffee sold by taking actions at the appropriate time in the commodities market.
Responsible for establishing mechanisms and strategies using market mechanisms like options and OTC to enhance the average coffee price paid to the producers for their harvest production.
Responsible for the development and maintenance of the operations software infrastructure using JavaScript, React, Express and C#.
Develop user manual and design documentation.
Use, Maintenance and Development of SQL databases for persistent data storage.
Responsible for the Client Relationship with coffee buyers to fulfill their expectations, communicate the conditions and needs in the production side and accommodate the requirements in the coffee market demands.
Operations Manager, ILYCASA, Nicaragua
April 1997 – July 2010
Nicaragua
Directly responsible for administration of human resources, and financial performance company.
Plan, execute and analyze all activities necessary to maximize production.
Extensive use of software to enhance efficiency and effectiveness of operations.
High level of data recording and data analysis to keep track of inputs and production levels.
Monitor and compare operations data using reports against Key Performance Indicators.
Create teams of employees to support operations, provide mentoring, and feedback.
Establish the highest level for employee safety through use of protective equipment, well-defined procedures, continued improvement, and training.
Supervision and procurement process for materials used for the operation.
Programming Manager, Amadeus, Miami
April 1992 – March 1997
Miami, Florida
Responsible for hiring, payroll and periodic evaluation of team members. Making sure employees obtained appropriate training, on-boarding, and development.
C++ development of Reservations applications.
Manage software development project using the C++ Language. Establishing benchmarks, priorities, resource assignment and deadlines.
Extensive use of Object-Oriented principles and Clean Coding.
Development of design documentation and user manual
Extensive use of version control systems, the initial versions of GitHub for efficient team development.
Develop and maintain back-end software for travel agency applications using SQL databases
Extensive experience in DevOps by leading a team responsible for keeping up and running, 24/7, a system for Best Fare Search engine.
Systems Programmer, System One, Miami
November 1987 – March 1992
Miami, Florida
Programming in C and C++ languages in the development of applications used by Continental Airlines, the Amadeus Consortium, and related travel agencies to book reservations.
Migrating our software to the different operating systems evolving at the moment from Microsoft DOS, IBM OS/2 and Windows NT operating system to keep the reservations applications up-to-date.
EDUCATION

University of Miami, Miami, Florida
August 2023
FinTech Bootcamp
Python Programming, Data Analysis and Visualization, Algorithmic trading, Machine Learning, Blockchain Development, Financial Analysis, Portfolio Analysis, Cryptocurrencies.

Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, Louisiana
December 1985
Bachelor’s Degree in Agricultural Engineering

Certificates
November 2019
FNGLA Certified Landscape Technician. TC2 00582

November 2019
UF/IFAS Certificate of Best Management Practices in Florida Green Industries. Certf.#GV913316-1

January 2022
Udemy Courses on C#, Web Development, Full stack desktop development.

Links:
LinkedIn URL: linkedin.com/in/isidro-j-leonyork-66211034
GitHub URL: https://github.com/Izzlyb
Twitter URL: @ijleonyork : https://twitter.com/ijleonyork
Contact this candidate