Thomas Libby
ad1x46@r.postjobfree.com
+1-415-***-**** located in Boise, ID can relocate
https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomasplibby/
I’ve grown to being a successful Solutions Engineer, Architect, & Project Manager that has many different skills. I’m excellent with my impact on projects and working relationships with stakeholders leading team collaboration with all teams I work with. I’m excellent in project management and have helped in product management for two former employers over five years meeting all goals prioritizing the customer.
Business Solutions Consultant
IDShield & LegalShield 7/2023 – Present Boise, ID
● I’ve excellently advised over 100 businesses and many individuals on identity security and legal services all employees can use.
● Regularly I meet with different businesses as a benefits specialist demonstrating how easily these identity security, running business supplements, legal services can help their executives and employees.
Business Solutions Specialist, Site Reliability Engineer, Data Scientist Renewable Success 12/2022 – Present Boise, ID
● Actively lead different businesses in accomplishing goals in their use case at the data layer with cloud and hybrid environments keeping to their use case for the their target audience. This is in AWS & Azure plus much of Docker with Kubernetes environments.
● Achieved helping forty different businesses advance their react native and java apps forward through deployment to production with mobile integration in their business goals.
● Daily work with VMware Horizon Cloud to replicate different business clients' environments as I work multiple projects for them with strategic consulting leading to many achievements. Customer Solutions Engineer, Snr. Project Manager, Data Architect Splunk 10/2021 - 10/01/2022 Boise, ID (Remote)
● Architect solutions excellently for customers meeting all of their APM (applications performance monitoring) deployment goals within their infrastructure complete with app user monitoring.
● Comfortable working with customers to reinforce with them defining their future architectural road-map as a trusted advisor while maintaining excellent relationships.
● Stayed updated with our competitors in Data Dog, AppDynamics, and Dynatrace to better advise our customers in designing the right solution for their use case. While staying updated I often used these products in my lab environment evaluating their observability and monitoring products.
Lead Solutions Engineer, Project & Product Manager, Site Reliability Engineer Appdome 07/2017–10/2021 Redwood City, CA
● Achieved maintaining great customer relationships for 90% renewals while expanding their solutions to fit more than all of their business needs over the cloud with their Linux and Windows stations & servers deployed with their model.
● Succeeded in gaining 23 new customers partnering with F5 colleagues with BIG-IP LTM and intelligent application traffic with the Anti-Bot SDK in mobile apps. These included many app types including Swift, Java, React Native, and web apps.
● Achieved engagement to prospects through product demonstrations and technical presentations while engaging them with our products effectively bringing in new customers 70% on all opportunities.
Sales Engineer, Implement Customers
Zimperium 03 / 2014 – 11 / 2016 San Francisco & Dallas in CA and TX
● Accomplished all difficult performance goals through leading the team of 4 different Sales Engineers, provided product feedback to the product team, greatly supported Customer Success with on-boarding new customers, & encouraged 2 of the top company Sales Representatives I teamed with as their only SE.
● At Zimperium, I worked as a principal sales engineer directing the west United States sales team implementing all customers we gained excellently.
● Gained excellent large customers for Zimperium in Telstra, Facebook, Equifax, and Westpac among others with high sales success percentage with account executives.
● Led team of 5 Sales Engineers checking in with all of them weekly on their activity. Systems Administrator, Network Engineer
SecureNet Services INC. 04 / 2012 – 03 / 2014
● Administered and implemented servers and firewalls on Linux primarily and some on Windows between five long term clients and some short term project opportunities with other clients in VOIP, edge gateway security, QOS, and more.
● I led implementing OTel on all seven of our clients’ servers, gateways, and storage through the gateway and agents to stay to proactively secure their office environment with security tools. Head Help Desk Technician
San Francisco State University Property Management 01 / 2008 – 04 / 2012
● Setup a PacketFence firewall with IP tables and a web server on Red Hat Linux. I also helped employees and students with their workstations and accessing data on the San Francisco State University data infrastructure.
EDUCATION
San Francisco State University
Bachelor of Sciences in Business Administration: Information Systems in 2012 Certification
CCNA with Cisco in 2014
AWS Solutions Architect - Associate in 2022
ACC certified with ICF in 2023
Open Water Diving by PADI in 2023
TECHNOLOGIES .
Virtualization and Application Virtualization: VMware, Hyper V & Docker Web Application Security: Metasploit and Python with HTTP proxy. Intrusion Detection Security: Security Onion, Observability, Bettercap and zIPS (Zimperium). Monitoring and Observability: Splunk Observability, Amazon Cloud Watch, SolarWinds App Monitor, & AppDynamics
Containerized/Cloud Solutions: AWS, Kubernetes, Azure, Akamai Linode & GitHub. Enterprise Mobility Management: Microsoft Intune, Workspace ONE/AirWatch, BlackBerry UEM, MobileIron, and IBM Maas360.
Contact this candidate