Steve Woods
Linked-In, Cloud Suitability Analyzer, Patent #1, Patent #2 email: ad2c2s@r.postjobfree.com cell: 256-***-****
Senior certified data scientist with proven history of patent award-winning product development using cutting edge artificial intelligence. Both technically qualified and conversant at all business levels, including CxO level stakeholders. EXPERIENCE
• VMware 2017 - Present
Senior Data Scientist
Build AI-based applications that analyze source code artifacts and portfolio management data to produce detailed cloud migration roadmaps using TensorFlow, LLM/RAG, LLamaIndex/TruLens, LangChain, Scikit-Learn, Chroma, UMAP, HDBSCAN, and StreamLit. Created Cloud Suitability Analyzer, an open-sourced, highly parallel, Go-based source code assessment tool to score application technical debt. Created CSAi, which leverages LLM/RAG frameworks to accurately group applications by technical stack similarity (algorithm patent-pending). Coordinate with sales and marketing teams to ensure technical credibility with customer stakeholders.
• HP EDS, Dell EMC, Pivotal 1987 - 2017
Distinguished Software Engineer, Solutions Architect In various roles, spanning several companies, designed, and developed business applications using C, C++, Java, Scala, and .NET. Led teams using agile, test-driven approaches. Created Visual Intelligence Tools, a product based upon an algorithm ultimately patented by HP. In all roles, mentored and developed teams to solve problems with efficient, tool-driven approaches.
• U.S. Navy, NSA, Whitehouse Communications Agency 1979 - 1987 Cryptologic Technician
Greece Washington, DC Republic of Panama Okinawa, Japan As member of U.S. Naval Security Group, on behalf of the National Security Agency, repaired and maintained sophisticated, highly classified signals intelligence equipment pursuant to electronic reconnaissance of numerous foreign threats. Supported secure communications in direct operational support of the President of the United States. Held Top Secret SCI (Sensitive Compartmented Information) clearance. PATENTS/PUBLICATIONS
Patent: Analysis of a legacy source code application, A method of analyzing a legacy source code application through discovery and visualization of duplicate source code. Basis of Visual Intelligence Tools Patent: Grouping software applications based on technical facets, Grouping legacy applications by collecting package composition statistics and using AI-based, dimensionality reduction to visualize and find applications of similar technical composition. Basis of CSAi.
Blog: Cloud Suitability Analyzer, Migrating to the cloud is a significant, complicated endeavor, one that requires a highly detailed, realistic, actionable cloud portfolio migration roadmap. It all begins with deeply understanding your portfolio. EDUCATION
Post Graduate Program: Certification in AI Machine Learning, McCombs School of Business, University of Texas, 2021 Master of Science, System Management/Statistics, University of Southern California, 1987 Bachelor of Science, Management/Computer Science, University of Maryland, 1985 SKILLS
Programming Languages: Python, Go, Java, Scala, Jupyter Notebooks Frameworks/Packages: TensorFlow/Keras, LlamaIndex, LangChain, OpenAI, HuggingFace Transformers/LLMs, XGBoost, TrueLens, StreamLit, Chroma, UMAP, HDBSCAN
Technologies: Artificial Intelligence, Generative AI, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, LLMs
Contact this candidate