Professional Profile
Amir Onallah
**** ******* **** *****
Naperville Illinois 60564
ad2qts@r.postjobfree.com
Phone 630-***-****
In May 2022, I graduated with a PhD degree in Management Science from the Stuart School of Business at the Illinois Institute of Technology (IIT) in Chicago. The thesis title was “Robust and Explainable Results Utilizing New Methods and Non-Linear Models”. The thesis focused on the quality of the data and the Machine Learning models. The ML knowledge and data science from the master’s and PhD degrees was utilized in the work environment for predictive machine learning, data analytics, and descriptive statistics, develop an AutoConfig system that can automatically tune enterprise applications like Kafka, and generative machine leaning systems in the biomedical and chemical environment.
I work as a Director Systems Engineering, Data Scientist, and Solution Architect with 38 years of experience in the Computing Industry. Incorporating machine learning into the work environment, experienced Production Capacity and Quality Assurance Engineer, High Availability and Disaster Recovery Specialist, with knowledge in Stress and Performance Testing and Automation, Enterprise Application Systems, Project Management, and software development and integration. Strong work experience with HP-UX, ServiceGuard, SuperDomes, Linux, Tru64 UNIX, OpenVMS, SAN/NAS Storage Technologies, Microsoft Windows OS, datacenter automation, Oracle databases, SAP Basis Consulting, shell scripting, programming, and integration. Currently, I manage, architect, and develop the CME Stress and Resilience Test program. I certify, every week, that the Globex trading system at CME Group can handle the trading load of the coming week. The work emphasizes creativity, innovation, and the utilization of advanced technology. Education:
• PhD degree in Management Science 2022, Stuart School of Business, IIT.
• Master’s in Information Systems Management 2015, Keller School of Business.
• BS in Computer Science 1985, Technion Israel Institute of Technology. Formal technology training:
• Google Cloud Machine Learning Engineer / Data Scientist.
• Lean Six Sigma Green Belt and White Belt training.
• Python, R, Perl, Java, C, Cobol, and others.
• Unix, Linux, Windows, OpenVMS, SAN Storage, and High Availability solutions.
• Enterprises Applications, SAP/R3, and Oracle DBA. Strengths
GCP, AI/Machine Learning, and Data Analytics.
IT Operations, Capacity Planning, QA Performance Testing, and Automation. High Availability and Disaster Recovery.
UNIX, Linux, OpenVMS, and Windows System Administration. SAN / NAS Storage Systems.
Oracle Database Administration.
Solutions Architect and Technical Solutions.
Trouble Shooting.
Skills
• AI Machine Learning and GCP.
• Automation with iMacros.
• Corvil and Splunk.
• Admin HP-UX on Superdomes.
• ServiceGuard Clusters.
• Admin HP Tru64 UNIX and TruClusters.
• SAN / NAS Storage Management.
• DBA for Oracle and Oracle RAC.
• OpenVMS.
• IBM MQ.
Certifications
• Advanced UNIX Administrator.
• Oracle DBA.
• SAP/R3 3.0 and 4.0.
Amir Onallah Work Experience
Current Experience:
May 2010 – CME Group, Chicago IL
Job Title: Director Systems Engineering and Data
Scientist
GCP capacity planning, Goggle Turbo Replication, and application resilience on GCP, and data science.
Incorporate AI / machine learning into the work
environment. Predictive machine learning and data
science, analytics and descriptive statistics, generative machine leaning systems.
Manage the CME Stress and Resilience Test Program in Production and in the DR Site. Develop solutions for mission critical applications, perform automations, collect statistics, and create performance dashboards utilizing Corvil, Splunk, and IMDB. Track and mange reported issue until they are resolved.
Perform RedHat Linux system administration and storage tasks. Perform software development using C, Python, and shell scripting. In addition, develop scripts for Corvil, Splunk, iMacros automation, and SQL.
Before that, I was a Technology Specialist on the QA Performance and Integration team. Deploy and
configure mission critical applications. Run automated and manual tests to verify the performance impact of code changes on the trading engine, gateways, market data, and all other components.
When I started with CME, I was a member of the Metrics and Monitoring quality assurance team. Work on a new release of the Globex Trading system intended for one of the major CME partners. Further, I created and
automated build deployment processes, and verified code releases.
8/2007 – 3/2010
Media Bank, Chicago IL
Job Title: Systems Manager/Solution Architect
On call 24X7 to support a production system, maintain, monitor highly available application for the media industry.
Managing HP-UX 11.23 on 2 Superdomes running
ServiceGuard, and 20 rx2660 servers for mission critical applications.
Use the VERITAS Storage Foundation on HPUX.
Manage the resources on 6 Virtual Partitions on
Superdomes.
Managing a Production SAN storage on EVA-8100 with more than 20TB of data. Also manage EVA-4100, EVA- 300, two EMC Clariion CX3-40, and other small NAS
storage systems – EMC AX4.
Implement a manual application failover solution.
Install and manage Linux Red Hat and SuSe on VM
machine.
Manage Jira – ticket tracking system, SVN – code management, and IBM WebSphere (MQ).
10/2003 – 8/2007
City of Chicago – Chicago 911, Chicago IL
Job Title: System Administration/Solution Consultant
On call 24X7 to support the Chicago 911 dispatching systems and mission critical applications.
Maintain and support highly available emergency
services systems for the City of Chicago.
Capacity planning for the servers, storage and clients’ workstations.
Install, configure, tune, and maintain HP Tru64 UNIX, Clusters, and Oracle on 13 UNIX servers and more than 150 workstations.
Monitor and maintain the system’s security. Watch the user account and their access level. Run Audit process and audit reports on the systems. Implement Secure Shell access.
Monitor the system’s performance, and response time. Monitor the Health of the High Availability clusters.
Monitor the Oracle disaster recovery process.
Review the system logs and analyze system messages.
SAN Storage administration. Perform data security by using hardware and software RAID technology on HP
Storage Works SAN, MSA1000, MSA1500 SAN’s, and IBM DS4800 and N5600.
Check the storage sub-systems and make sure enough free space is available for the application, for Oracle and for UNIX.
Perform the daily, weekly, and monthly UNIX and Oracle backup.
Trouble shoot the dispatching client’s hardware and software.
Assist with the Linux and Windows servers’ administration. 10/1995 – 10/2003 HP / Compaq / Digital Equipment Corp, Chicago IL Job Title: Solutions Consultant
Install and configure Oracle 9iRAC on HP Tru64 UNIX TruClusters.
Install, configure, and tune Tru64 UNIX, TruClusters, Oracle and SAP R/3.
Upgrade UNIX High Availability ASE 1.6 FailSafe
environments to TruCluster 5.1x
HP Tru64 UNIX system management, SAP integration duties and Oracle DBA duties. System monitoring, Tru64 UNIX upgrades and patch installation, and firmware upgrades.
SAN Storage administration on HP StorageWorks SAN, HP EVA and MSA SAN. Design and implement disk layout on HSG/HSZ disk controllers utilizing Hardware RAID
technologies, Logical Storage Manager (LSM) and AdvFS
(Advance File System). Configure IBM Shark storage systems and EMC Clariions.
Capacity planning for customer IT environments.
Migration of an Enterprise Application system from HP-UX to HP Tru64 UNIX.
Install and configure Legato Networker (NSR) to perform enterprise backups and HP Tru64 UNIX backups.
Install and configure WINDOWS OS, and MS Clusters on Proliant Servers.
Help few customers to install and build Red Hat Linux clusters on Proliant servers
10/1994 – 10/1995
Customer: Metamor Technologies, Chicago IL
Job Title: Team Leader
Responsible for writing high level design, detail design, coding and testing and integrations of a Billing, Accounts Payable, Automatic Adjustments and Group Enrollment systems for a major Health Care Provider.
Managed the daily tasks and activities of four
programmers.
1990 – 1994
Customer: Digital Equipment Corp, Chicago IL
Job Title: Computer Consultant / Software engineer
Participated in the conversion, development,
enhancement, and integration of an Account Payable System from Texas Instruments COBOL into VAX and Alpha
/ OpenVMS COBOL for a major Food and Beverage
Manufacturer. Re-engineered data files from RMS file structure into Relational Database using RDB and SQL.
Performed analysis, design, and development of a Customer Rebate System using RDB SQL and SMG.
Write Proposals for new projects and enhancements. Develop Functional Specifications, Design, Acceptance Test Plan, and User Guide Documents. Other part of the assignments included developing new code, enhancing and updating existing code, performing unit and system test, installing new code, and training users.
1986 – 1990
Customer: Amdocs, St. louis, MO
Job Title: Team Leader / Software engineer
Provided management and support for the Operation of an Accounts Receivable System in the Production,
Development, and Test environments for a major Yellow Pages Publisher.
Participated in the development, implementation and maintenance of an Accounts Receivable System. This included Invoicing, Billing, General Ledger, Audit and Interface modules. This major system included more than 100 processes, utilizing a cluster of 5 VAX-8550 computers running OpenVMS.
Perform analysis of a History Maintenance System.
Responsible for the analysis, design, programming, testing and operations of a Conversion System in order to convert the old data structure into a new database structure.
Develop an Invoicing subsystem for an Accounts
Receivable System for a major Yellow Pages Publisher. 1985 – 1986
Customer: Nikuv Computers, Tel-Aviv Israel
Job Title: Programmer:
Performed programming, unit and system testing for Project Management, Budget Management and
Accounting systems.
Contact this candidate