Jing Miao
+* ***- ***-**** ad30zi@r.postjobfree.com Campbell, CA 95008
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Accomplished Senior Data Scientist with a proven track record at Google, adept in leveraging machine learning, causal inference and big data analytics to drive product innovation and user engagement. Excelled in applying advanced machine learning techniques and robust analytical skills to enhance the Search experience, while fostering cross- functional collaboration for strategic growth insights. SKILLS
Experienced in R, Python, SQL Frequently use MATLAB, Mathematica Anomaly Detection, Machine Learning, Big Data Analytics EXPERIENCE
SENIOR DATA SCIENTIST, Mountain View, CA
Google, October 2022-Present
Proactively carried out a rich portfolio of user needs research and new Search bets evaluation to influence product strategy and prioritization
•
Led the Search growth reporting and insights program - created guidelines for growth measurement methodology, developed topline info needs metrics, and provided quarterly launch insights to cross-functional partners
•
Applied state-of-the-art LLM models to build data analysis tools (open text summary/labeling, log data processing,etc) to improve the efficiency of Search data scientist
•
DATA SCIENTIST, Mountain View, CA
Google, December 2019-September 2022
Supported end-to-end development of multiple Search products to drive growth and long-term user engagement, including headroom analysis, experiment design and analysis, and user behavior deep dive.
•
Developed causal and survival models to evaluate incremental long term impact of various Search entry points on Google ecosystem.
•
Developed dashboards and automated analysis tools to convey data insights more efficiently to engineer and product teams.
•
INTERN, DATA SCIENTIST, San Jose
Adobe, June 2017-September 2017
Developed change point detection algorithm for multi-dimensional time series data from Adobe Analytics, helped identify irregular online customer behavior
•
Developed equivalence tests in multi-dimensional space with general application in covariates balance control, helped find online A/B testing campaign that was not randomized properly.
•
INTERN, DATA ANALYST, Chicago
Iron Range Capital Partners, LLC, January 2015-May 2015 Used linear regression and feature selection to predict a company's value for purchasing using features such as locations, past earnings and competition intensity with other same type of companies
•
• Wrote letters and present business analysis to companies in preparation of deals. EDUCATION
DOCTOR OF PHILOSOPHY (PH.D.) IN STATISTICS, Stanford, CA, US Stanford University, May 2019
Awards & Honors
Advisor: Prof. Tze Lai, Thesis: Dealing with multiplicity issues in basket trial designs and drug safety
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE (B.S.) IN MATHEMATICS AND ECONOMICS, Chicago, IL, US University of Chicago, June 2015
RESEARCH
■ Developed innovative statistical methods and novel techniques in biomedical data science for the evaluation of medical product safety, advised by Prof. Tze Lai and his collaborators at Merck
■ Developed innovative ways to quantify sensitivity issue in causal inference and missing data analysis using inverse propensity score matching and resampling
■ Aggregated and cleaned raw ants foraging data, and used statistical tools to analyze ants foraging behavior pattern, used statistical control model to predict future ants foraging events, led by Prof. Gordon in Stanford Biology Department
■ Analyzed KQED media data using Google API to model donation trails and improve their realized donations
■ Worked on projects in Master Protocol, basket trial design using sequential causal inference technique, controlled type I error while getting the highest power compared to existing method, decreased expected overall trial time, led by Prof. Tze Lai.
■ Explored the asymptotic power law of the integral of signs of one-dimensional random walk, advised by Prof. Amir Dembo, leading to the paper: Jing Miao and Amir Dembo, Universal persistence of local time for one-dimensional random walk, arXiv:1703.10306., 07/2015 - 07/2016
CAMPUS ACTIVITIES
■ Graduate Student Council, Stanford University, Deputy Chair of the Funding Community, 2016 - 2019 Assessed, advised and approved the funding applications of all graduate student organizations., Attended weekly meeting, fostered discussions around bills on the wellness of life of graduate students at Stanford during the meetings.
■ Stanford Triathlon Team, Stanford University, Financial Officer, 2018 - 2019 Competed in various collegiate sprint triathlon races, trained 12-14 hours per week in swimming, biking and running, top performance at Collegiate National's Olympic-distance Triathlon Race every April., Managed team bank accounts and finances to support team members' race reimbursements and team social activity cost., Planed the budget and event registration details for Treeathlon, the annual triathlon event held by Stanford Triathlon Team.
■ Association of Chinese Students and Scholars at Stanford, Stanford University, Financial Officer, 2016 - 2017 Managed the account of ACSSS, planed and supervised the spending of big events of ACSSS, applied funding from outside organizations and groups.
LANGUAGES
English
Bilingual
• Chinese (Mandarin)
Native
•
Contact this candidate