Radhika Vaidya
Data Scientist Project Manager
Masters graduate with strong quantitative modeling and experimentation skills. Team player and innovative thinker with prior career experience as a Paralegal, eager to contribute to company success.
2967 Henley Lane
Naperville, IL 60540
630-***-****
ad34jl@r.postjobfree.com
PROJECTS
Comparing Machine Learning Techniques — using Wine Data
(UCI ML Repository)
Performed EDA and comparative modeling using supervised, unsupervised machine learning, and neural network techniques.
Used the machine learning models to predict the quality of wine based on its physicochemical properties.
Predicting Diabetes: A Comparative Analysis of Machine Learning Models — using Pima Indians Diabetes Data (National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases) Used machine learning techniques to identify risk factors for diabetes and predict whether a patient will have diabetes.
Built and evaluated multiple classification and regression models using Python and Scikit-learn package.
Other Projects
Modeling Bias on the Dataset of NYC Shooting Incidents
Data Analysis of Covid-19 in India, on the Dataset of Covid-19 from Johns Hopkins
Data Visualization Analysis on the ranked Database of Best Cities for
“Workation”
BBC News Classification Kaggle Mini-Project
Supervised and Unsupervised Text Classification Analysis EXPERIENCE
OpenSys.Cloud, Chicago — Data Science Intern/Project Manager Oct 2023 – Current
Spearhead a generative AI integration project to enhance logistics operations, achieving marked improvements in efficiency.
Manage project timelines and goals, ensuring the successful deployment of AI solutions on schedule.
Lead cross-functional teams, fostering collaboration and enhancing project outcomes.
Utilize data science to create AI solutions, delivering data-driven strategies that significantly improve business processes.
Market Track, Chicago — Corporate Paralegal
May 2017 - October 2018
Drafted, reviewed, and edited corporate contracts related to customer services. Negotiated with internal and external clients to include client needs while maintaining company policy.
ACTIV Financial Systems, Inc., Wheaton — Paralegal October 2015 - May 2017
Drafted and revised licensing contracts, tracked contractual obligations, and assisted with legal and business efforts. Geraci Law LLC, Chicago — Paralegal
July 2013 - September 2015
Provided client management and support services for bankruptcy cases. Sunshine Services Inc, Naperville — Data Entry Intern December 2012 – April 2015
Recorded and maintained financial data in accordance with accounting principles and procedures into Excel and QuickBooks SKILLS
Software Languages: R, Python, C, SQL
Supervised Learning: linear and logistic
regressions, decision trees, support vector
machines (SVM)
Unsupervised Learning: k-means
clustering, principal component analysis
(PCA)
Deep Learning Neural Networks: CNNs,
stochastic gradient descent, keras
TensorFlow
Experience with: RStudio, Jupyter
Notebooks
Introduction with: Spark Code, MS Azure,
Data Bricks, SAS, Power BI
Proficient with: Word, PowerPoint, Excel,
and other MS Office Software
CERTIFICATIONS
Snowflake SnowPro Core Certification
Issued Dec 2023 · Expires Dec 2025
Credential ID 823873
Demonstrates expertise in Snowflake Cloud Data
Platform, showcasing skills in data warehousing,
data engineering, and data architecture.
Showcasing advanced skills in designing,
developing, and administering scalable
solutions on Snowflake's data platform.
EDUCATION
University of Colorado, Boulder
M.S. Data Science
August 2021 - May 2023
GPA: 3.8
Roosevelt University, Chicago
Paralegal Certificate
June 2013
Post-Baccalaureate Paralegal Program
University of Iowa, Iowa City
B.S. Physics and Astronomy
August 2008 - December 2011
Minor in Mathematics and French.
RELEVANT COURSES
Probability and Statistics
Data Mining
Data Visualization
Relational Database Systems
Linear Algebra
Calculus 1-3
Contact this candidate