JOSHUA WINER, MPH, MBA
**** ********* **** • Fairfax, VA 22031 • Phone: 617-***-**** • Email: ad3eeg@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Experienced consultant with in-depth knowledge of health care policy, legislation, programming and benefit plan design for employer groups as well as provider organizations within the health care industry. Skilled in evaluating and summarizing benefit program provisions, analyzing data, researching best practices, developing business cases and formulating recommendations, to address a broad range of client needs. Recognized for professional excellence, and surpassing expectations. Certified Six Sigma Lean Black Belt and Project Management Professional.

EXPERIENCE
United States Department of Health and Human Services June 2022 – Present
Chief Data Scientist GS-0685-14 (Term Appointment) Washington, D.C.
Administration for Strategic Preparedness & Response (ASPR) 40 hours/week
Office of Information Management, Data, & Analytics
Operational Data & Analytics Division

The HHS Coordination Operations Response Element (H-CORE) (formerly Operation Warp Speed) under the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR) is the team that coordinates all COVID-19 medical countermeasures (ex: vaccines, monoclonal antibody treatments, antivirals) in response to the ever-evolving COVID-19 pandemic. The H-CORE Analytics section curates, analyzes, and visualizes a multitude of supply, delivery, administration, and many other data sources for helping senior HHS leadership make decisions around ordering, allocating, and dispensing countermeasures.

Public Health Program Assessment and Evaluation
Develop and refine complex allocation strategies for therapeutic medical countermeasures (MCMs).
Leads others to apply systematic evaluation methods of assessment to program processes, outputs, and outcomes for the distribution of MCMs.
Coordinated and distributed weekly White House Executive Summary written for subject matter experts to aid in the evaluation of the ASPR program.
Participated in weekly and ongoing review of key metrics to ascertain effectiveness of Equity mission.
Developed a SharePoint capability for tracking all user generated questions, concerns and issues related to the performance of the Health Partner Ordering Portal (HPOP) for MCMs complete with systematic evaluation of performance metrics on issue resolution response affecting the program.
Data Collection, Management, Analysis, and Interpretation
Lead and advise others in the interpretation and presentation of data for senior leadership and public distribution and publication.
Responsible for ongoing data management, analysis, and use agreements.
Leads reporting and identification of strengths and limitations of current data sets with recommendations for improvement and implications.
Assist teams with implementation of data collection plans with qualitative and quantitative impact demonstration.
Serve as Government lead in ongoing technical training for system enhancements and reporting changes.
Respond to requests for information through collaboration with subject matter experts and application of program knowledge, best practices, and interpretation for dissemination to public health decision-makers.
Fiscal Management
Appointed to serve as Market Research expert in identification of financial management software procurement.
Facilitated user interviews for requirements gathering for financial management software demonstration.
Monitor developer contractor hours for overtime and completion burn rate relative to end of contract.
Research Translation and Scientific Writing
Leads team to facilitate ongoing research and data collection activities associated with surveillance of COVID-19, MPOX and other response based public health efforts.
Supervise analytics teams for fulfillment of ongoing reporting requirements to senior leadership.
Compose weekly White House Executive Briefing summary based on performance data on COVID-19 cases, administrations, and ordering patterns.
Serve as HPOP team lead for composing all government and public facing briefing materials on the status and history of the program as well as public health need it serves.
Program and Issues Management
Lead and manage the response team of three (3) analysts for Therapeutic Health Partner Ordering Portal (T-HPOP) responsible for all ordering, procurement, administration for all medical countermeasures.
Manage production control processes, systems and services relating primarily to manufacturing processes, resources, and facilities for therapeutics.
Lead and manage three (3) clinical data modelers for program standardization and response within the Supply Procurement and Distribution logistics group for all therapeutics, vaccines, and international donations.
Direct team to develop and edit ongoing Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) related to functions of HPOP, stakeholder management, and best practices for clinical data modeling.
Developed a SharePoint capability for tracking all user generated questions, concerns and issues related to the performance of the Health Partner Ordering Portal (HPOP) for MCMs complete with systematic evaluation of performance metrics on issue resolution response affecting the program.
Serve as day-to-day lead for HPOP analysts in triaging workload, critical issues, and prioritization of tasks.
Serve as lead to convey complex system related issues to senior leadership and stakeholders while recommending strategies and recommendations for improvement.
Compose and lead creation of decision memos, course of actions, and briefing materials to support senior leadership.
Develop new policies and procedures based on changing needs of users and public health emergencies.
Policy Analysis and Support
Respond to request for information regarding product availability, shipping, allocation, and distribution data.
Coordinate, monitor, and participate in the manufacturing productivity and throughput analysis.
Establish and maintain ongoing partnerships with Pharmacy, Therapeutics, Vaccines, Supply Procurement Diagnostics, Distributors, Developers, and regional contacts in collaboration and completion of the mission.
Facilitate and train new hires within Analytics and HPOP support team to standard operating procedures, rules of behavior and team practices and expectations.
Policy Analysis and Support
Leads teams to interpret policies related to data use agreements, enacting and termination of Public Health Emergencies and the impacts for programs and activities.
Compose weekly White House Executive Briefing summary based on performance data on COVID-19 cases, administrations, and ordering patterns.

Top Secret Government Clearance held.
Awards: Health and Human Services Secretary’s Award for Meritorious Service Departmental Award.

WBB/Serco Inc, Reston, VA September 2020 — June 2022
40 hours/week
Senior Healthcare Program Analyst Contractor for the Veterans Health Administration and Bureau of Navy Medicine

Public Health Program Assessment and Evaluation
Conducted literature reviews on: Whole Health, Origins of Medicine, Return on Investment modeling, Healthcare Sharing Ministries, Obesity, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, Importance of Primary Care, Integrated Delivery Models, Sleep Apnea, Chronic Disease and more.
Conducted analyses, including defining parameters of requested data output and analysis for measurement of efficacy, and value derived from VHA programs.
Data Collection, Management, Analysis, and Interpretation
Performed data collection, modeling, analysis, documentation, and product generation for measurement of efficacy, and value derived from VHA programs.
Collected, compiled, and assembled data for financial and analytical reports.
Research Translation and Scientific Writing
Organized and translated data into information for studies, reports, and documentation for measurement of efficacy, and value derived from VHA programs.
Program and Issues Management
Assisted in preparation of reports, briefings, and documentation of deliverable.
Policy Analysis and Support
Provided research support related to environmental scans to current affairs.
Supported the Surgeon General’s Office of Strategy with research on Foresight trends for Social Demographic and Statute categories.

Secret Government Clearance held.

M Powered Strategies, Washington, DC May 2020—September 2020
40 hours/week
Consultant

Program and Issues Management
Supported the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Electronic Health Record Modernization (EHRM) program as consultant to the Office of Command Center leadership team.
Provided program support to EHRM leadership, including project management and related support as needed in managing the implementation of the $10 billion contract for Electronic Health Record Modernization.

Secret Government Clearance Obtained.

The George Washington University, Washington, DC May 2018—April 2020
40 hours/week
Project Manager, Strategic Associate

Program and Issues Management
Identified synergies across business areas for joint initiatives and opportunities in support of needs of medical and health business customers, supports building and maintaining of technology adoption roadmaps as a foundation of the vision and engagement plan with customers.
Managed multiyear planning, analysis, and business process management, identifying technology solutions to align to medical and health business strategy and goals.
Examined client issues and opportunities and developed business cases or statements of work for proposed solutions.
Facilitated in-take and resource management alignment of requests for assigned areas and working closely to ensure proposed solutions align with and advance architectural objectives.
Leveraged both waterfall and agile project management methodologies.
Prepared and maintained an in-progress schedule of all assigned development and implementation projects. Including breaking tasks down into manageable work packages to ensure smooth project delivery as well as developing plans and schedules for projects based on priorities assigned by management and availability of business and technical resources for the projects.
Maintained issue, risk, and scope change requests as well as communication plans for projects and will draft and coordinate obtaining consensus for project charter and project definition documents.
Created recommendations on areas for process improvement to medical and health customers.

Kaiser Permanente Mid-Atlantic States, Rockville, MD March 2017—January 2018
40 hours/week
Senior Delivery System Planning Consultant
Kaiser Permanente Mid-Atlantic States, Rockville, MD April 2016—March 2017
40 hours/week
Delivery System Planning Consultant

Data Collection, Management, Analysis, and Interpretation
Developed SharePoint reporting on Qualified Idea business case metrics.
Fiscal Management
Developed and created business cases for Capital and Strategic projects.
Lead project-planning processes for specific capital expansion and PM&R projects including coordinating user requirements gathering meetings, developing functional space programs consistent with regional and national standards, ensuring schematic designs are optimally laid-out and conform to space allocation and program’s functional intent, and participating and analyzing financial analyses.
Determined need for property and lease acquisitions and verify proposed sites or leases to meet requirements of their intended uses consistent with business case needs.
Program and Issues Management
Managed and lead development of business cases from ideation of needs assessments through regional executive and National Board approvals.
Participated in strategic and business planning and development of service delivery strategies across the region by providing space assessments and determine facility options for location of new services or relocation and/or expansion of existing services with financial analysis.
Developed Physical Therapy/Rehab strategic plan.
Supported development of Behavioral Health strategy.
Created process map for Qualified Ideas and Capital Approval Request processes with key stakeholders to expedite required reviews and minimize time and resource requirements for business case submittals.
Policy Research Analysis and Support
Developed detailed policy analysis articulating key changes under the Trump Administration to the Medicaid and Individual health insurance markets.

Blue Cross Blue Shield of Rhode Island, Providence, RI April 2015—April 2016
40 hours/week
Senior Program Manager
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Rhode Island, Providence, RI June 2012 – April 2015
40 hours/week
Senior Business Planning Analyst

Public Health Program Assessment and Evaluation
Managed delivery of key Organizational programs related to HEDIS/NCQA, data and analytics, Medical Expense Trend, and Primary and Specialist Care Strategies.
Data Collection, Management, Analysis, and Interpretation
Developed presentations and reports on marketplace trends and competitive activities for various stakeholders to be used to formulate necessary business cases.
Developed quarterly presentations for Chief Financial Officer for All Managers Meetings.
Created and lead quarterly presentations on Strategy department initiatives.
Fiscal Management
Developed and managed integrated program plans incorporating finance, audit/risk, and program updates for senior leadership.
Supported budget allocation for projects and division.
Lead Operational Excellence work stream to optimize efficiencies, processes, and identify $20 million in savings.
Developed quarterly presentations for Chief Financial Officer for All Managers Meetings.
Program and Issues Management
Created ongoing integrated audit and risk reporting structure.
Created mitigation strategies and identified investments to best support the BCBSRI strategic imperatives.
Assessed impacts to customer and provider experience, and overall corporate position.
Supported development of short-range strategy planning and long-range five-year plan development and assessed implementation each year to determine evolution of yearly corporate strategy.
Assessed existing organization project portfolio, ensure projects add value to organization and contribute to achieving key performance indicators. Collaborate with Enterprise Project Management Office to ensure projects achieve expected business results.
Mentored less experienced staff members.
Managed three (3) student interns.
Lead department projects and initiatives as assigned.
Created Issue Tracking framework and process.
Created Key Indicator dashboard and process.
Lead cross-divisional analytical team of subject matter experts to develop strategic, multi-faceted analyses on competitive carriers, as well as non-insurance entities, thus providing a comprehensive view of competitive landscape. Develop “so what” implications and recommended responses.
Non-Core Responsibilities:
Collaborated on Red Team to assess, audit, and explore operational weaknesses and potential threats as well as areas for gain. Appointed by Chief Marketing and Chief Financial Officers.
Served as Chair of Medicare Product Steering Committee to develop new products.
Advised Quality Improvement Team in assessments on HEDIS / NCQA reporting, measures, and outcomes.
Red Team Analysis Group and Porter’s Five Forces Strategy Group.
Policy Research Analysis and Support
Created detailed policy analysis and subsidy calculator to project changes to Individual and Medicaid markets under the Affordable Care Act subsidy provisions.
Created policy briefs and summaries for senior leadership.
Analyzed current state of marketplace trends and competitive activities to identify gaps in corporate and divisional plans to support business case development. Aid in development of Quarterly Business Review.

Steward Health Care System, Boston, MA January 2011 – January 2012
20 hours/week
Community Benefits Intern
Completed in-depth analysis of Massachusetts State Attorney General Guidelines for Community Benefits.
Conducted qualitative and quantitative research via area needs assessments on four Steward Hospitals.
Delivered recommendations based on needs assessments for betterment of Community Benefits initiatives.
Supervised three interns and managed a Steward System needs assessment for 12 hospitals in Steward system.
Assessed programming budgets for hospitals and recommended prioritization of needs within their community.
Evaluated hospital infrastructures concerning Electronic Medical Records and prevalence of low-income patients and bad debt budget issues.
Analyzed interpretive services usage data and budgets for the Steward System within focus of demography.

Strategic Benefit Advisors, Inc., Southborough, MA September 2009 – March 2010
40 hours/week
Consulting Analyst
Led in analysis and administrative tasks associated with 20+ clients Health & Welfare benefits plans.
Researched and performed financial analysis for plan funding.
Implemented technical assistance for strategy development, vendor solicitation and implementation projects.
Authored compliance updates for client release and served as primary contact for subsequent client inquiries.
Developed planning meeting presentations focused on plan analyses and recommendations.

Watson Wyatt Worldwide, Wellesley, MA March 2008 – September 2009
40 hours/week
Pension Analyst
Executed day-to-day analysis and fundamental tasks associated with five clients’ defined benefit pension plans.
Calculated 75+ estimated and actual pension benefit calculations for clients’ employees and retirees daily.
Created annual government filings for 3 client pension plans and researched participant- and plan-related issues.
Collaborated with client trustees to establish and maintain pension payments and reconciliations for clients’ funds.
Led new client implementations through provision of systems and trustee support efforts.
Created detailed training manual for 20+ unique calculation types, manual leveraged by entire department base.

Unum Insurance Company, Worcester, MA September 2006 – March 2008
40 hours/week
Disability Benefits Specialist
Engaged clients, led liability decisions, and administered individual disability income policies for 50+ claimants at a time, collaborating with in-house counsel, medical, and financial resources to resolve claim issues.
Awards: Customer Service Award (national recognition) for outstanding quality and customer satisfaction • Peer Recognition Awards (7) for appreciation and contributions to coworkers

Procter & Gamble Company (formerly The Gillette Company), Boston, MA July 2005— August 2006
40 hours/week
Project Assistant
Completed internal audit of all health, dental, vision, life, and beneficiary insurance for 10,000+ active Gillette employees prior to Procter & Gamble acquisition.

EDUCATION
The University of Maryland School of Public Health, College Park, MD August 2021 – June 2025
Doctorate of Health Services Research (PhD) – Concentration: Health Policy, Health Services Research

The George Washington University School of Business, Washington, D.C. January 2019 – August 2021
Masters in Business Administration (MBA) – Concentration: Healthcare

Tufts University School of Medicine, Boston, MA September 2010 – December 2011
Masters in Public Health (MPH) – Concentration: Health Services Management & Policy
Thesis in Community Benefits Programming and Engaging At Risk Communities

Clark University, Worcester, MA May 2006
Bachelor of Arts (BA) – Major: Philosophy, Minor: History, Concentration: Asian Studies

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
National Society of Leadership and Success, Member February 2021 - Present
Project Management Professional (PMP), Certification September 2018
Six Sigma Lean Black Belt Professional September 2015
American Public Health Association, Member June 2012 – Present Royal Society of Public Health, Member June 2012 – Present
American Academy of Hospice and Palliative Medicine, Member October 2011 – Present
WellOne Community Health Centers, Clinical Quality Improvement Committee April 2015 – April 2016
Contact this candidate