Joseph Lipoff, GSTAT, MS Data Science and Analytics
** ***** **. *** *** Wilmington, NC 28401
913-***-**** ■ ad3ha5@r.postjobfree.com

To Whom May Concern,
Please take a moment to review my qualifications. I have the required skills for this position as I have 7 years experience in data analytics, machine learning, AI, experimental design, and customer service. I am ready for this industry change to leverage my data science experience with my passion for the craft. I lead my team to meet the requirements while creating a quality product.
I have created ML and AI automated systems to define and collect metrics to determine ROI and achievement on program evaluation. I motivate my team to uphold the highest standards for data quality, data architecture, analytics reporting, application performance, and model performance. I recognize the importance of managing relationships with stakeholders and third party vendors to achieve success. Also, I have a lot of experience working with C-level Executives.
My technical and leadership skills combined with my diverse experience are a perfect match for your program. This would be a dream come true if given the opportunity.

I look forward to taking the next steps with you.
I appreciate your consideration.

Sincerely,

Joseph Lipoff

Joseph Lipoff, GSTAT, MS Data Science and Analytics
14 Grace Street Apt 712 Wilmington, NC 28401
913-***-**** ■ ad3ha5@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

I am a Senior/Lead Data Scientist who has used data analytics skills to be able to create business decisions and track human performance metrics. I have created data products for stakeholders in the human performance, government, and entertainment industries. In my career, most of the datasets I have touched have had high dimensionality and have created business profitably.

SOFTWARE SKILLS (Proficient Skillset)

R-Shiny,Data Engineering, Data Architecture, R-Studio, Azure, AWS, NVIVO, Tableau, Bayesian Statistics, Smartabase, Microsoft Suite, R,Python, SAS,Computer Vision, Power BI, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Python, SQL, Encryption, Cron, Jupyter Notebook, CRM Systems & Linux.

SOFT SKILLS (Proficient Skillset)

Project management, Presentation, Communication, Intrapersonal Communication, Research Organization, Project Planning, Agile, Project Templates, Executive Problem Solving, Self-Starter,Multi-tasking

EXPERIENCE
Data Scientist II (Data Science Technical Lead) August 2020- September 2022
Senior Data Scientist September 2022-Present
Knowesis, Remote, NC

●Created Program Evaluation Plan and Data Governance with policies to support the program and department infrastructure
●Created relationships within agencies and departments to be able to trade services to not incur expenses to the budget
●Designed Data Science and Analytics Systems for ML,AI, Data Warehousing, Experimental Design, Data Governance, Dev Ops. And Data Engineering Pipelines.
●Lead the Data Scientist working group of 20 data scientists while creating infrastructure policy with third parties
●Created relations across the enterprise in business negotiations, relations, and partnerships to help advance technologies and processes to show ROI.
●Data Science Lead over a team of 3 people and work off a zero dollar budget (not including salaries)
●Got 3 contract renewals for the company
●Created analytics with Force Plates
●Worked with Biomechanical Times-Series Data

Graduate Research Assistant & Teaching Assistant Summer 2018-August 2019
University of Kansas Medical Center, Kansas City, KS

●Statistical analysis, modeling, and research over medical research data using R-Studio, SAS, redcap and Excel
●Taught 4 classes in regard to statistics for graduate and medical students
Joseph Lipoff, GSTAT, MS Data Science and Analytics
14 Grace St. Apt 712 Wilmington, NC 28401
913-***-**** ■ ad3ha5@r.postjobfree.com

Biostatistics Research Consultant September 2018-February 2020
Missouri State University, Springfield, MO (remote)
●Statistical Consultant for Exercise Physiology for Missouri State Biomedical Sciences Department
●Two published pieces of work
●Statistical analysis and modeling over biological data using R-Studio and Excel
●Lead a team of 6 interns over 12 months on technical research projects

Data Movie Analyst October 2016 – October 2019
Box Office Analyst, LLC, Kansas City, MO (remote)
●Data Analyst for Former CEO Peter Brown and Analytics VP Doug Stone of AMC to provide reporting and predictions for people throughout the film industry.
●Statistical analysis, modeling, and database management with movie related data internationally and domestically with Excel, R-Studio, Access, and Publisher.
●Increase profitability due to cost savings off reports.

EDUCATION

Masters of Science in Applied Statistics December 2019
University of Kansas Medical Center
GPA: 3.4

Bachelors of Science, Mathematics, Minor in Physics May 2018
Rockhurst University/University of Kansas City-Missouri, Kansas City, MO
GPA: 3.54
Deans List (Five Semesters)
Collegiate Athlete and Musician

GSTAT Accreditation January 2020
ASA Washington DC

SF86 Clearance (Secret) November 2020

Lean Six Sigma Master Black Belt Project Management Certification December 2021
Management Solutions International

Citations for Conferences, Publications, and Talks
●Dobbs, K., Jensen, J., Lipoff, J., Pauls, W., Phelps, E., Zimmerman, S., Timson, B., Cirrito, J., & Yuede, C. (2019, May). Sex differences in the effect of chronic isolation stress on amyloidogenesis in exercise trained APP/PS1 mice. Poster presented at the McQueary College of Health and Human Services Student Research Symposium, Springfield, MO.
●Dobbs, K., Jensen, J., Lipoff, J., Pauls, W., Phelps, E., Zimmerman, S., Timson, B., Cirrito, J., & Yuede, C. (2019, May). Sex differences in the effect of chronic isolation stress on amyloidogenesis in exercise trained APP/PS1 mice. Oral presentation given at the Einhellig Interdisciplinary Forum, Springfield, MO.
●Lipoff, J.,O’Neal,B.,Engleman,A. (2016,May).“Gross Sale Predictions on Upcoming Movies Based on Genre and Title”. Rockhurst University, PIC Math 2016.
●Lipoff, J., Pauls, W., Dobbs, K., Jensen, J., Woods, K., Zimmerman, S., Timson, B., Johnson, E., & Plummer, Paul (2019, April). Sex differences in the effect of chronic isolation stress on amyloidogenesis in exercise trained APP/PS1 mice. Poster presented at the ASA IDAD Conference at University of Kansas Edwards, Overland Park, KS.
●Jernigan, S., Shrader, S.,Kalender-Rich,J., Bhattacharya, S., Istas, K Wick,J. & Lipoff, L. (2019, August). Beyond Perceptions: Assessing Interprofessional Knowledge. Oral Presentation at Heartland Interprofessional Education conference in Omaha, NE.
●Lipoff, Joseph V. “Job Searching and Data Consulting.” KUMC Biostatistics Student Interest Group. 11 Sept. 2019, Kansas City.
●Lipoff, Joseph V, Pauls, William, Woods, Kevin, Johnson, Evan T., Jensen, Jordan L., Dobbs, Kaylin C., Timson, Benjamin F., Zimmerman, Scott D.,and Plummer, Paul. NRMANOVA: Novice Repeated Measures ANOVA. “R-Studio.” R-Studio, Cran, 6 Oct. 2019, https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/NMVANOVA/NMVANOVA.pdf.
●Lipoff, Joseph V, Pauls, William, Woods, Kevin, Johnson, Evan T., Jensen, Jordan L., Dobbs, Kaylin C., Fowler, Wyatt, Timson, Benjamin F., Zimmerman, Scott D.,and Plummer, Paul. BlockD: Block Design. “R-Studio.” R-Studio, Cran, 6 Oct. 2019, https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/NMVANOVA/NMVANOVA.pdf.
●Lipoff, Joseph V, Pauls, William, Woods, Kevin, Johnson, Evan T., Jensen, Jordan L., Dobbs, Kaylin C., Fowler, Wyatt, Timson, Benjamin F., Zimmerman, Scott D.,and Plummer, Paul. CRandom: Complete Random Design. “R-Studio.” R-Studio, Cran, 6 Oct. 2019, https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/NMVANOVA/NMVANOVA.pdf.
●Lipoff, Joseph V, Pauls, William, Woods, Kevin, Johnson, Evan T., Jensen, Jordan L., Dobbs, Kaylin C., Fowler, Wyatt, Timson, Benjamin F., Zimmerman, Scott D.,and Plummer, Paul. FactD:Factorial. “R-Studio.” R-Studio, Cran, 6 Oct. 2019, https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/NMVANOVA/NMVANOVA.pdf.
●Lipoff, Joseph V, Pauls, William, Woods, Kevin, Johnson, Evan T., Jensen, Jordan L., Dobbs, Kaylin C., Fowler, Wyatt, Timson, Benjamin F., Zimmerman, Scott D.,and Plummer, Paul. NMVANOVA(the Repeated Measures Function). “R-Studio.” R-Studio, Cran, 6 Oct. 2019, https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/NMVANOVA/NMVANOVA.pdf.
●Ms. Sarah Glover, Joseph Lipoff, MS, LCDR Ryan Sheppard, PhD, Catherine Starnes, PhD. Effects of POTFF Physical Performance Program on Service-Related Fitness Tests.
● LCDR Ryan Sheppard, PhD, Catherine Starnes, PhD., Joseph Lipoff, MS, CG Tech Review Showing AI Automation with ROPE

References

●Provided when requested
Contact this candidate