YOHANA ALEMSEGED
ad3li6@r.postjobfree.com • 240-***-**** • Washington DC

OBJECTIVE
Seeking a full-time Data Science/Data analytics position where my analytical and advanced technical programming skills can be applied.
EXPERIENCE
Bioinformatician/Data Scientist
FDA Washington DC June 2023 – present
Conducted data exploration, cleaning, and analysis for diverse datasets, ensuring data integrity and accuracy.
Utilized statistical programming languages such as Python and R to perform quantitative analyses and generate meaningful insights.
Developed and implemented predictive data models, enhancing the company's ability to forecast trends and make informed decisions.
Created data visualizations to communicate complex findings to stakeholders, improving data-driven decision-making processes.
Analyzed both structured and unstructured data sources, extracting valuable information for strategic decision-making.
Demonstrated expertise in data mining techniques, contributing to the discovery of actionable patterns and trends Collaborated with regulatory affairs team to ensure data compliance with FDA standards.
Conducted data audits and quality checks to meet FDA requirements.
Assisted in the preparation of documentation for FDA submissions and audits.
Utilized statistical analysis to support FDA submissions for flavivirus report.
Developed image processing and pattern recognition algorithms utilizing AI/ML tools. Played a key role in the FDA reclassification of HIV-1 diagnostic assays from Class III to Class II devices.
Research Assistant
Georgetown University Medical Center Washington DC August 2021– February 2023
Creating and crafting single-cell NGS panels and assays to explore genes, mutations, and biomarkers utilizing a state-of-the-art single-cell multi-omics platform.
collaborated efforts with industry and academia partners for groundbreaking translational research. Foster cross-functional collaboration with Mission Bio's commercial and scientific teams to facilitate project planning and product launches.
Utilized statistical analyses, including Bayesian Analysis, to derive meaningful insights.
developed computational meta-analysis approaches to examine differential gene expression and pathway activity changes associated with altered states of cellular physiology.
EDUCATION
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Cambridge, MA December 2023 – March 2024
Certification of Applied Data Science
Georgetown University, Washington DC September 2021– December 2022
Master of Science in Bioinformatics
Honors: Merit Scholarship Recipient
National Society of Black Bioinformaticians
Eritrea Institute Technology, Mai-Nefhi, Eritrea September 2009 - July 2014
Bachelor of Science in Biology
Honor: great distinction
TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE
Biomedical Instrumentation and programming Georgetown University
Georgetown University FDA Washington DC
Gene Expression Profiling
Designed and developed a command-line application using meta-analysis approaches to examine differential gene expression and pathway activity changes associated with altered states of cellular programming principles in Python.
Pairwise BLAST Alignment and Retrieve BLAST alignment.
Execute all pairwise BLAST alignments for genomic and proteomic datasets. Utilize BLAST tools to compare DNA or protein sequences against relevant databases.
Boosting Performance
A Comprehensive Exploration of Ensemble Learning Techniques for Improved Classification, with a Focus on Random Forests and Gradient Boosting.
SKILLS
Machine Learning: (in Python) pandas, NumPy, scikit-learn, SciPy, statsmodels.
Databases: AWS Redshift (2 years) SQL: Writing complex SQL queries, procedures, and triggers. Performance tuning, Optimization, Data integrity, Statistics with SQL Profiler.
Scripting Languages: Writing Unix scripting and shell scripting to schedule and automate jobs.
Data Analysis: Mapping, extracting transforming + loading data using various business intelligence tools.
R-packages: R packages and libraries like ggplot2, dplyr, reshape2, carTools, TENSORFLOW R(Rshiny) CLC genomic workbench
Big Data & Analytical: R, Python, Ruby, Hadoop Pig, Hive, Impala, Spark
Visualization: Tableau, ggplot2, Matplotlib, Seaborn, plotly, ggplot2
Contact this candidate