Dhanashree Arole
ad3quq@r.postjobfree.com 407-***-**** Orlando
SUMMARY:
Experienced Data Analyst with expertise in programming languages including C++, SAS Base Programming, SQL, HTML, XML, R, and Python. Skilled in Business Intelligence tools such as Tableau Prep Builder, Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server, Power BI, and SAS Data Integration Studio. Proficient in database management with Teradata, MS SQL Server, MySQL, and Oracle. Strong background in source/version control, platforms, and tools including Visual Source Safe, Perforce, Windows 7, UNIX, SSIS, Google Analytics, Hive Intelligence, Hadoop, SAP BO, Teradata SQL Studio, R Studio, SAS Web Report Studio, SPSS, Visio, MS Excel, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, Snowflake, Salesforce CRM, Alteryx, Google Tag Manager, and ServiceNow. Certified in Google Analytics & Data Studio, Tableau Analyst & Tableau Data Scientist, and Python Programming Expert. Holds a Master of Science in Modeling and Simulation and a Master of Business Administration in Data Management and Marketing. Proven track record in data analysis, business intelligence, and enterprise analytics across various industries including government services, entertainment, healthcare, and finance. Skilled in developing automated ETL processes, creating dynamic visualizations, and generating insightful reports for informed decision-making. Strong communicator and team player with a passion for leveraging data to drive business success.
CERTIFICATIONS:
Google Analytics & Data Studio Certifications, Tableau Analyst & Tableau Data Scientist Certifications,
Python Programming Expert Certification - 2020
EDUCATION:
Master of Science: Modeling and Simulation, University of Central Florida, FL (2004)
Master of Business Administration: Data Management, Marketing, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL (2007)
EXPERIENCE:
Loyal Source Government Services, Orlando Nov 2023 – Jan 2024 Data Analyst
Acquired top secret clearance to complete special operations projects related to Custom Border Patrol programs.
Performed data mapping for multiple data sources to understand data flow and health of key tables for generation of important KPIs.
Advised CTO on how Salesforce and Deputy data can be turned into dashboards for better decision making for providers and supporters.
Walt Disney World, Orlando Aug 2023 - Oct 2023 Principal Data Science Engineer (Clarity Technology Partners)
Automate WDW and Disney Land Resort business intelligence dashboards for maximizing revenue and better usage of Artificial Intelligence integrated in data platforms.
Adept at ServiceNow ticketing system for creating systematic tickets for organized resolution.
Won global rank #1 at Possible 2023 Teradata Conference and was awarded high-tech hardware for being one of the best speakers among 300 Forbes companies.
AMES Companies, Orlando March 2023 - April 2023 Sr. Business Analyst
Analyze KPI’s and metrics for all retailers of AMES Companies such as Home Depot, Lowes, Walmart, Costco and build scorecards to track progress of all lines of businesses in Tableau Data Platform using Snowflake for querying.
Sentara Healthcare, Remote Jan 2023 - Feb 2023 Enterprise Analytics Consultant (Beacon Staffing)
Develop tableau dashboards for Enterprise Analytics for Sentara Healthcare for various KPIs such as hospital ratings, claims, recommendations, and top box scores for last five years.
Aspire Health Partners, Orlando Oct 2022 to Jan 2023 Business Intelligence Analyst (Apple One)
Develop automated ETL process for Aspire Health Partners to extract XML datasets of treatments, clients and services into MS SQL databases and improve their EDI.
Redchip Investments, Orlando Sep 2022 – Oct 2022 Chief Technology Officer
Research intelligent survey options for RedChip Investments during real-time zoom webinars for over 40 clients using Salesforce Reporting and Microsoft Excel.
Westgate Resorts, Orlando Jun 2022 – Aug 2022 Business Intelligence Analyst
Develop financial and claims reports in B2B for Westgate Resorts Orlando to understand their profit margin across multiple properties using Tableau Data Platform, Web Analytics and SQL.
Hilton Grand Vacation, Orlando Mar 2022 – May 2022 Business Analyst (IT Avalon)
Model Portfolio Roll Forward to understand which loans are on balance sheet and acquired by Hilton after acquisition of Diamond Resorts International.
Generate secure list of loans for Nortridge Loan System that ensures the collection is monitored accurately.
Salesforce, Remote Dec 2021 – Jan 2022 Business Analyst (Aditi Solutions)
Create dynamic visualizations for insightful story-telling and meaningful decision-making using Google Data Studio, Tag Manager and Tableau.
Generate Tableau CRM reports and dashboards for Account Based Marketing for ultra-personalization initiative.
Build segmentation model for B2B to understand innovators, pioneers and groundbreakers and how 1:1, 1:Few and 1:Many categories can be revised for fiscal year 2023 using web analytics, Google Analytics and SQL.
Office Depot, Remote Mar 2021 – May 2021 Business Analyst (KForce)
Build excel reports and dashboards for understanding marketing funnel and channel segmentation using data visualization tools like SAS, Power BI.
Develop tableau dashboards for key performance indicators such as sales, initial gross margin, average order value, frequency at sku level using queries developed in Snowflake environment.
Filutowski Eye Institute, Orlando Nov 2020 – Jan 2021 Business Analyst
Review over 200 tableau dashboards for insights, improvements and automation.
Review excel reports and suggest improvements for accurate insights and better efficiency.
Advice which key performance indicators are crucial for higher return on investment for radio, digital media and printed marketing material.
Create scheduled data extracts for automated data governance and cleansing various data values for repetitive tasks and perform data profiling for targeted audience.
Create marketing data models like Recency Frequency Monetary and Insurance top brands in Power BI to target best customer segments and plan for business partners for upcoming years.
Siemens, Orlando Sep 2019 – Mar 2020 Business Analyst
Optimize finance dashboards for better performance that track key metrics such as markup ratio, cash forecast, projection analysis in Tableau Data Platform.
Co-ordinate with Tableau Server admins for scheduling of extracts and blending of multiple data sources such as SAP BO, Oracle, MS SQL, Salesforce, PDF and Excel.
Implement marketing surveys like Net Promoter Score for all Siemens clients in Salesforce that involved profiling personally identifiable information of all survey takers.
Maintain over fifty operational dashboards that comprised of Balance Score Card for oil and gas turbines for North America, Latin America and Middle East.
Negotiate license for Tableau Prep Builder and Conductor that improved data mining efforts by generating automated flows.
AAA, Heathrow, FL Sept 2018 – Sept 2019 Senior Analytics Consultant
Successfully completed intensive two weeks training for Hive Intelligence Platform.
Data migration from direct Focus to Engage platform for over 9 clubs including Oregon Idaho, Pioneer Valley, Colorado, Southern Pennsylvania, Mountain West Group.
Simulated marketing journeys for email, direct mail and cross-channel for better attribution, member retention and growth and understand geospatial and demographic traits of existing members.
Build intelligent journeys for Insurance, Travel and Membership business lines to rely on dynamically controlled time variables for elimination of manual running of campaigns.
Data Scientist (Contractor Kolter Solutions)
Extract SQL data of call volume for pilot clubs for tow, light service and battery for entire club, various cities, counties, metro areas and zip codes and perform ETL tasks for cleaner datasets.
Run Prophet Data Model with accurate configuration parameters to predict call volume for long term predictions till end of 2020 at daily, monthly or yearly level of detail as needed in Python for 90% and above accuracy levels using data science techniques.
Run predictions for membership growth for Oregon, Idaho and Colorado Association.
Generate Tableau dashboards and present findings to senior executive leadership.
Hertz Corporation, Estero, FL Nov 2017 – May 2018 Marketing Data Analytics Specialist
Generate revenue management reports for Hertz, Dollar and Thrifty car rental sister brands to track which planning segments are leading for year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter and month-over-month performance using agile processes in Teradata Studio, R Studio and Tableau.
Extract, transform, load (ETL) and analyze data using SQL and SAS programs for hotel and airlines business partners such as Marriott, United for stronger alliance and maintain score cards to derive insights regarding profit projection for corporate and retail planning segments using customized dashboards developed in Tableau desktop.
Compare E-Commerce business strategies for email, text message and in-app advertising channels to improve results for promotions and discounts tracked in digital customer database.
Pearson Online Learning Services, Orlando, FL Feb 2017 – May 2017 Market Research Analyst
Create institutional reports and dashboards for academic partners highlighting lead generation and enrollment conversion at Pearson using Adobe Analytics and Business Objects.
Analyze efficiency of paid and non-paid channels for launching of marketing campaigns and perform data quality checks in Google Tag Manager.
Managed team of analysts, associates, and programmers to assign tasks for reverse engineering input parameters, calculated fields and data visualization techniques involved in excel and Power BI reports.
Calculate cost per quality lead at network and source level as web-based interactive tool with agile techniques and publish on Tableau Server.
Review bug reports created by test engineers and confirm modifications are implemented and validated in different phases of system solution.
Walt Disney Company, Celebration, FL Dec 2015 – Aug 2016 Guest Data Privacy & Compliance Analyst
Completed Marketing Campaign Management project in Salesforce with Walt Disney Company that involved being subject matter expert to CRM department for Merchandise, Movie Club, Annual Passholder, Vacation Club, Cruise lines of businesses.
Modify SAS programs and procedures to make sure the business rules are compliant with CAN-SPAM rules and guest privacy laws with agile methodologies.
Analyze contribution margin by source, market and product, and project trend metrics in Tableau.
Collaborate with source managers to optimize marketing activity for higher ROI.
Resolve tickets submitted in ServiceNow per priority and request for troubleshooting reports and dashboards.
Prepare and validate data using ETL techniques and build scoring competitive model.
Compile and prepare reports and presentations for management and business review in Tableau Data Platform.
Create trend reports for field sources such as email marketing and direct marketing for myriad of campaign categories like Entitlement, Offer, Accommodation, Lead Generation, Newsletter, Life Members in Tableau Desktop and Server and identify key relationships.
Broward College, Ft Lauderdale, FL Nov 2013 – Feb 2015 Lead SAS Developer
Institutional Analytics Office of Institutional Research Planning Effectiveness and Analytics
Automate Enrollment Monitoring Process to create fifteen unique scheduled PDF reports using twenty scheduled DIS jobs, each job about 6000 lines of SAS code.
Process optimization resulted in over 90% savings in time required to create daily Enrollment reports reducing it from about 50 minutes to barely 5 minutes.
Run data models in SAS Enterprise Guide after appropriate ETL steps, using program nodes aggressively, to validate results, create stored process and sign off approvals from Change Advisory Board for portal reports.
Well versed with use of all sorts of joins, sorting methods, advanced programmatic filters, computed columns, macro programming, conditional append methods and report generation techniques using ODS statements.
Create Stored Procedures for repetitive tasks and users more familiar with Microsoft Excel, these stored procedures allow use of input prompts, extract output data and nicely align it in Microsoft Excel workbooks for further analysis.
Familiar with creation of data visualizations in Alteryx for prototyping of new initiatives.
Conversant with import of variety of data from multiple types of data sources like Microsoft Excel, text files and proficient with writing quick data steps to create lookup tables.
Provide front end support for analysts from Student Enrollment, Finance and Registration departments.
Create multi-dimensional reports in SAS WRS and update per academic schedule.
Tiburon – Electronic Arts, Maitland, FL Sept 2004 – Feb 2009 Sr. Technical Reporting Analyst
Project: Stock Price Analysis is online Reporting tool for Finance Department for periodic review to fine tune department budget models
Built data marts, performed ETL on big data, implement various phases of Data Warehouse Development Lifecycle and generate reasonable size data sets for faster processing to report key business insights.
Integrated business processes between multiple departments, maintain technical design and analysis documentation and generated custom reports for various departments involving grouping of variables to generate hierarchical trees.
Generated custom reports for advanced consumer segmentation, depicting new and returning gamer traffic, session time and durations, demographic details via data mining and visualization tool.
Field Application Engineer, Sep 2004 – Oct 2006
Project: Apt is front end graphical user interface used on multiple platforms
Developed animation playback tool, entirely in C++, comprising of object oriented design and implementation that is used in front end of several titles for user interaction on current and next generation platforms.
Escalated issues depending on priority via ticketing system, provide preliminary information on client complaint, reproduce issue, prompt for more details, provide first line support through tutorial, knowledge base examples, relevant paper extracts.
Contact this candidate