Trevor Tatenda Rukwava
Upper East Side, NY *****
347-***-**** ad3rla@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/trukwava Data Scientist, philosopher, researcher, graphic designer, and problem solver. Professional Experience
Georgia State University — Graduate Teaching Instructor, Atlanta, GA Sept 2021 – May 2023 Alongside my academic work, I served as instructor of record for three undergraduate philosophy courses and a teaching assistant for two classes. For the classes I instructed, I planned and executed lesson plans, assigned and graded assignments, and held weekly office hours.
DIFFvelopment — Consultant, Montclair, NJ Jun 2018 – Aug 2018 In the summer internship program, I was instructed on how to evaluate and produce a viable business plan. I completed a consulting project in which I observed and reviewed the operation of a startup. I then provided the owner with my analysis and recommendations. The owner saw a 20% increase in foot traffic. Education
Massachusetts Institution of Technology — Certificate in Machine Learning Nov 2023 – Jan 2024 Engaged in an intensive 12-week program focused on data-driven decision-making, delivered by distinguished MIT faculty. This program, encompassing a wide array of topics from foundational data science to advanced machine learning techniques, is designed to address complex societal challenges through data analysis. Completed self-paced modules on ChatGPT and Generative AI, staying abreast of the latest advancements in AI technology.
Georgia State University — MA in Philosophy Aug 2021 – May 2023 Specialty in German Idealism with a focus on Hegel and an interest in Nietzsche, de Beauvoir, and contemporary cognitive scientist Daniel Dennett. My thesis was on the logical and semantic structure of the Hegelian concept called “determinate negation.” I was the secretary of the Jean Beer Blumenfeld Student Center for Ethics. Awards: Andrew Altman Social Justice Scholarship (for promoting diversity in the field of philosophy).
Columbia University — BA in Philosophy Sept 2017 – May 2021 Recipient of John W. Kluge Scholars Program scholarship. Liberal arts education focused in philosophy and politics. Notable coursework in Probability & Decision Theory, Physics and Philosophy, Metaphysics, Philosophy of Language. Also explored computer science with elective courses in Intro Programming in Java, Data Structures in Java, Intro Programming in Python. Skills
Software Programing Languages —Java, Python, JavaScript, React, Ruby Graphic Design — Procreate, Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office Languages — Shona, Tswana, French
Publications
Religion as Make-Believe, A Theory of Belief, Imagination, and Group Identity, Harvard University Press, 20 November 2023. Research assistant and editor to author Neil van Leeuwen.
“Two Concepts of Belief Strength: Epistemic Confidence and Identity Centrality,” Frontiers in Psychology. 29 June 2022. Research assistant to author Neil van Leeuwen. (Link)
“The Last of Us Part 2 accessibility options mean literally no one is left behind,” GamesRadar+. 6 July 2020. Co-authored with journalist Sarah Kim. (Link)
Contact this candidate