Nikki Penmatsa
Email: ad3sbk@r.postjobfree.com Phone: +1-814******* LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/nikki-penmatsa

Summary:
Results-driven and analytical Data Scientist with over 4+ years of experience in leveraging data-driven insights to drive business improvements and streamline operations. Adept at statistical analysis, predictive modeling, and data visualization. Proven ability in translating complex datasets into actionable strategies

Skills:
Python, SQL, R, Excel, PowerBI, Microsoft office, Google Analytics, Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Data Modeling, Statistical Analysis, Data visualizations and dashboards, KPI's, ETL, EDA, Effective listening and communication.

Experience:
Data Scientist Nov2023 – Present
Snaplogic global solutions Mechanicsburg, PA
Leveraged advanced data analytics and machine learning techniques to derive actionable insights from large datasets leading to a 25% increase in business process efficiency.
Efficiently handled Project Management and Agile implementation with 20% improvement using Jira and Microsoft Project.
Spearheaded the development of predictive models that increased customer retention by 20%.
Led a team of data analysts in data extraction, transforming and loading activities.
Data Analyst II Oct 2022 – June 2023
Talanton Technologies Plano, TX
Applied Data mining and statistical analysis techniques to identify trends, patterns, outliers in large datasets contributing to 15% improvement in decision accuracy. Defined key performance indicators (KPIs) to measuring project success.
Contributed to optimized resource planning through predictive analytics resulting in an 18% enhancement in forecasting accuracy.
Developed insightful real time dashboards using Excel & Power BI, reduced reporting time by 30% to stakeholders.
Designed and implemented statistical analysis models to improve operational efficiency by 15%.
Collaborated with cross functional teams to present insightful information to stakeholders.
Data Analyst Nov 2021 – May 2022
Penn State University State College, PA
Collected and analyzed data, created visualizations and built dashboards using Excel, Power BI to showcase trends.
Summarized & provided valuable insights. Developed and tracked business metrics. Maintained custom ad-hoc reports
Data Analyst Feb 2021 - Jul 2021
KMSG Technologies India
Conducted binary classification (logistic regression) to increase customer conversion and retention. Sales efforts towards leads with a higher probability of making a purchase resulted in an impressive 25% increase in sales.
Performed A/B test on website, compared different versions resulting in website optimization & 10% increase in web traffic.
Utilized Google Analytics to track visitor flow, interactions, and created insightful dashboards which resulted in 10% marketing growth.
Collaborated cross-functionally with sales & product management teams to align marketing efforts with shared goals.
Associate Data Analyst Sept 2018 - Jan 2021
F9 Info Technologies Pvt Ltd India
Analyzed and interpreted data from over 10,000 customer surveys using SQL and Python, providing actionable insights that led to a 15% improvement in customer satisfaction ratings.
Provided support in data mining, analysis, and interpretation to uncover hidden patterns.
Contributed to the creation of visualizations and reports for ongoing business metrics.
Streamlined data collection and analysis processes using Python, effectively reducing data processing time by 25% while maintaining 99.9% accuracy in reports impacting strategic decision-making.
Demonstrated hands-on experience with advanced Data Analytics practices and tools, including data science workflows, Python, Tableau, exploratory data analysis, statistical data analysis, regression analysis and data modeling, and machine learning basics.
Education:
• Penn State University, Smeal College of Business, Master of Management and Organizational Leadership
• BML Munjal University, Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science
Contact this candidate