TEMITOPE
SALAMI
Self-motivated Data Scientist and enthusiast with strong
analytical and problem-solving capabilities, skilled at manipulating large-scale datasets and utilizing machine learning algorithms to provide effective data solutions and assessments with practical experience of using Python, SQL, Tableau, Power BI and MS Excel, and collaborative ability to further develop a technical career in the field of Data Science. Employment History
Data Science Intern at Job-Ready Digital Solutions (JRDS) JULY 2023 — PRESENT
• Created data visualization, translating complex data sets into comprehensive visual representations.
• Used rapid application development tactics during programming phases.
• Shadowed database personnel to learn new methods to achieve job duties.
• Identified, analyzed and interpreted trends in complex data sets using supervised and unsupervised learning techniques.
• Helped develop database solutions using multiple SQL languages.
• Developed a Heart Disease Prediction using supervised learning with 98% accuracy score.
• Prediction of Wine Quality using Ensemble Algorithms
• Created data models and documented data flows to improve system architecture and data quality
• Utilized data visualization tools to create interactive graphical representations of financial data
• Developed an enterprise data model that integrated data from multiple sources and enabled consistent data access across the organization Logistics Data Analyst at American Airsea Cargo
MAY 2021 — JUNE 2023
• Proactively identified, investigated, and remedied infrastructure vulnerabilities and issues in application deployment.
• Utilized advanced metrics to effectively monitor and optimize application and infrastructure performance.
• Conducted thorough reviews of existing systems, proposing strategic enhancements to improve efficiency and functionality.
• Formulated and upheld comprehensive security policies and procedures tailored to cloud environments.
• Played a key role in incident response, contributing to the planning and execution of disaster recovery simulations and tests.
• Actively participated in compliance audits, ensuring accurate and timely provision of necessary documentation to auditors.
Details
Houston, TX, 77057, United
States
346-***-****
ad3vrc@r.postjobfree.com
Skills
Highly Organized
Attention to Detail
Time Management
Leadership Skills
Active Listening
Flexibility and Adaptability
Interpersonal Skills
Self-motivation
Creativity
Fast Learner
Critical thinking and problem
solving
Conflict Resolution
Effective Time Management
Ability to Multitask
Communication Skills
Customer Service
• Provided expert guidance and training to development and operations teams, emphasizing adherence to security best practices in cloud environments.
• Deployed a cloud-based system that improved data security and enabled remote access
• Performed penetration tests and simulated cyber attacks to identify and address potential security vulnerabilities
• Configured and maintained network security settings to ensure user data was protected from cyber threats
• Developed and deployed a cloud-based API that provided secure access to the company’s data, resulting in a reduction in security risks
• Utilized data visualization tools to create interactive graphical representations of financial data
• Developed an enterprise data model that integrated data from multiple sources and enabled consistent data access across the organization Education
MBA: Data Analytics, at Houston Christian University, Houston, Texas
DECEMBER 2023 — PRESENT
MBA: Data Analytics
GPA: 3.5
Bachelor of Science: Agricultural Economics at University of Ibadan
GPA: 4.1
Technical Skills
Databases
PostgreSQL, MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server
Languages
Python, SQL
Machine Learning
Regression, Classification, Supervised and Unsupervised Learning Visualization Tools
Tableau, Power BI, MS Excel, Python
Data Management
DB Design, DB Manipulation, Data Cleaning, Data Wrangling, Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Warehousing
Data Science Libraries
NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Scikit Learn
Data Structure and Algorithm
Java Programming
Techniques
Statistical Analysis and Modeling, Predictive Analytics, and Machine Learning Algorithms
PUBLICATION
Computer Skills
Ability to Work in a Team
Problem Solving
Detail-oriented
Organization
Critical Thinking
Adaptability
Industry Knowledge
Work Ethic
Stress Management
Positive Attitude
Teamwork
Proactivity
Leadership
Communication
Decision Making
Published Undergraduate thesis: ICT usage among
commercial poultry farmers in Oyo state (Nigeria): limitations and implications for revenue generation. Ibadan Journal of Agricultural Research Volume 11 No. 1 Jan- June 2015. CERTIFICATIONS
Data Science with Python, Udacity
MAY 2023 — PRESENT
Google Data Analytics, Google
OCTOBER 2023 — JANUARY 2024
SQL for Data Analysis, Udacity
FEBRUARY 2023 — MARCH 2023
Data Analysis for Agriculture, Skilling
AUGUST 2021 — NOVEMBER 2021
Contact this candidate