PRAVEEN KUMAR VERMA
PROJECT MANAGEMENT PROGRAMM MANAGEMENT PMO CONSULTANT
DATA MINING DATA SCIENTIST MACHINE LEARNING EXPERT 1171, Sector 3, Vasundhara, Ghaziabad, UP, India
E-Mail # ad439j@r.postjobfree.com, Mobile # 995-***-**** Offering an eventful career of over 25+ years studded with professional brilliance predominantly in the areas of end-to-end project delivery management, program management, application development, operation & maintenance support, service delivery, customized implementation of high valued projects for niche customers and emerging technology in various industry verticals. STRENGTHS:
• PMP, Professional with experience in Delivery management involving software development and Testing Projects involving on-site offshore deliveries with Agile and waterfall models, Key Account Management, International Pre- Sales.
• Hands-on experience in execution of international and multi-location projects & programs with strong problem solving skills, talent development and team structuring.
• On-site working in International (USA, Europe, UK) environment with core competencies in the area of Software Delivery and Test Management.
• Proficient in conducting effort estimates, analysis to assess the financial results & profitability implications, identifying business risks & implementing effective mechanisms to mitigate the same.
• Successful track record in managing strategic accounts and leading them to significant growth, turning around underperforming projects. Proficient in enhancing organizational operational efficiency and cross-functional alignment.
“I firmly believes that organizations need to continually look for ways to improve their competitive edge and to ensure business growth, but I does not see the point in reinventing the wheel – the best work comes from the optimization of existing processes and tasks”. INDUSTRY EXPERTISE
E-Governance
Investigation / Judiciary Management
Technology Migrations / Solutions
Toll Management / Road Management
Power Generation / Distribution
Banking / Finance
Sales / Marketing
Operations Management / Optimization
CORE COMPETENCIES
Requirement Analysis
Schedule Management
Quality Assurance /
Control Management
Software Delivery Management
Strong Project Management
from Project’s conception to
client’s handholding within
agreed time and budget
Leadership Quality with effective
communication, planning,
review & co-ordination skills for
Team, Client and Vendor
management
Developing Metrics/
Dashboards
Global Projects Roll out
Release Management
Risk Management
Budget and Financial
Management
Process Improvements
System Re-engineering &
Analytical capability
Machine Learning / AI
Optimization Processes
Gap Analysis
Cross-Functional Team
Management
Resource Management
Performance Management
Agile / Ops Development
Client Relations
Project Lifecycle Management
Data Analytics
CURRENT ASSIGNMENT
National Institute for Smart Government Application & Migration Consultant [June 2022 – Present] NISG is a unique organization operating in the meta-space of e-Government. NISG has provided consulting support to both central and state Governments in India in developing and implementing e-Government projects. NISG strives for excellence and prides itself in generating value for clients.
As a Consultant in NISG assists the clients by defining their vision, mission, and goals for programs, and formulating a strategy for converting their vision into reality.
Key Projects:
e-Office - Mission Mode Project under NeGP The need for efficiency in government processes and service delivery mechanisms is a long-felt one. The e-Office MMP is being designed to serve as a means to achieve improved efficiency, consistency and effectiveness of government responses, reduced turnaround time and effective resource management to improve the quality of administration.
* Provide government functionaries with knowledge, information and communication tools to perform their daily operations and support in the various stages of the complex, knowledge-intensive tasks which they perform.
* Establish a system of efficient document management to facilitate information retrieval.
* Provide efficient support for handling of incoming correspondence / mails and management of meetings.
* Result in better staff/officer morale due to working in a fully automated environment.
* Introduce a new aspect of operational performance measurement
Passport Seva Project Passport Seva Project aims to provide all the Passport-related services to citizens in an efficient, convenient and transparent manner.
* Establishing Passport Facilitation Centres (PFC) for delivering all front-end citizen services.
* Converting existing Passport Offices into Passport Back Offices (PBO) for all back-end processing.
* Creation of on-line Passport Portal for offering Passport services.
* Providing links to designated points in Police department.
* Establishing a Central Passport Printing Facility (CPPF) for handling extra load.
* Outsourcing of dispatch process to Postal Department.
* Introduction of a multi-modal Information and Grievance handling system.
* Creating a centralized IT system linking all PFC’s, PBO’s, Police and Postal Departments.
* Introducing productivity linked incentive scheme for Government employees.
* Establishing a proper Program Governance Structure for managing the implementation and operation of all the above.
System for Pension Administration (RAKSHA) (SPARSH) SPARSH system will be administered by the Defence Accounts Department through the Principal Controller of Defence Accounts (Pensions), Prayagraj and shall cater to all the three Services and allied organisations. The system will initially cater to the new retirees on roll out and subsequently be extended to cover the existing defence pensioners. The system would cater to all activities of the pension cycle namely:
* Initiation and Sanction
* Disbursement
* Revision
* Service and Grievance Request Management
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Methodologies: DevOps, SCRUM, Agile, KANBAN, PMI, Waterfall, IBM GDC, ITIL
Project Management Tools: PSIS Tool, PM Tool, MS Project, Open Project, Enterprise Project Management, MS Office, Visual Source Safe, Jira, BugZill, Spider, SO Planning, MS Excel, MS Office, MS Presentation
Enterprise Management Tools: Ignite, IPMS
Databases: Postgres, MS Access, SQL Server, MongoDB, Oracle, DB2
Operating Systems/Platform: Windows, MS-DOS, Linux, Sun Solaris
GUI/Web Development: SharePoint, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, WordPress
Workflow Drawing Tools: Visio 2013, SmartDraw
Configuration Tools: SVN, Jeera, GitHub
Data Scientist Tools: R Language, Python Language, Visual Code, R Studio REWARDS / APPRECIATION / EDUCATION / TRAINING
Special Recognition Award – Once (CMC)
Appreciation Awards - Thrice (Customer)
Appreciation Awards – Twice (CMC)
Project Management Professional – PMP (2012)
PGDM (Operations Management) – Distance Learning at IMT CDL Ghaziabad, India (2012)
Master of Science (Computer Applications) at HBTI Kanpur, India (1997)
Master of Science (Mathematics) at CCS University, Meerut, India (1994)
Bachelor of Science (PCM) at CCS University, Meerut, India (1992)
GE - Six sigma Green Belt (TCS)
Lotus Notes Domino Administration (CBI)
CAT Qualified for Fellow Programme conducted by IIMS of India in (November 2019)
UGC Net Qualified for Assistant Professor in Management conducted by NTA in (June 2019) ORGANISATIONS WORKED WITH
CMC Limited - 1st Jul 1997 to 25th Oct 2004 - Senior IT Engineer / Project Manager
Allahabad Bank - 26th Oct 2004 to 31st May 2005 - Manager IT
CMC Limited - 1st Jun 2005 to 19th Oct 2012 - Project Manager
IBM India - 25th Oct 2012 to 15th Feb 2013 - Project Manager
VGL India - 16th Aug 2013 to 16th Dec 2013 - Senior Manager - corporate IT
Konstant Info – 17th Dec 2013 to 31st May 2013 – Project / Program Manager
Shree Jee Enterprises - 1st Jun 2014 to 8th Oct 2021 – Head IT
Silver Touch Technology Limited - 11th Oct 2021 to 1st June 2022 – Program Manager
National Institute for Smart Governments (NISG) – 8th June 2022 to till Date – Consultant
(Application & Migration Consultant + Data Scientist) PREVIOUS ASSIGNMENTS
Data Governance Quality Index (DGQI) Dashboard: Delhi, India 2021 - 2022 Program Manager {Siler Touch Technology Limited}
The Data Governance Quality Index (DGQI) exercise was initiated with the objective of assessing data preparedness of M/Ds on a standardized framework to drive healthy competition among them and promote cooperative peer learning from best practices. Several existing data maturity models were studied to develop DGQI’s methodology. Three key steps of data preparedness were identified: (a)Data Strategy to lay down systemic guidelines, (b) Data Systems to ensure smooth processes of data generation, management and its use and (c) Data driven Outcomes where data is utilized and widely shared by institutions to drive decision making. While DGQI 1.0 focused on only data systems pillar, DGQI 2.0 aims to assess data preparedness levels of Ministries/Departments across the three pillars.
To enable review and assessment of data preparedness of the data/ MIS systems of the Ministries/Departments on objective parameters of a standardized framework.
To prepare a self-assessment diagnostic tool that will enable the M/Ds to internally contemplate the need for improving data systems.
To enable the commissioning agencies to conduct a comparative assessment of data preparedness and source best practices in IT systems which can enable improved cross-learning between the participating agencies. Global Indices for Reform and Growth (GIRG) Dashboard: Delhi, India 2021 - 2022 Program Manager {Siler Touch Technology Limited}
DMEO, NITI Aayog has been entrusted to develop the dashboard, which has three different aspects: (i) Global Index, (ii) India Index, and (iii) Reforms action. The Global Index section is meant to capture scores and ranks of countries, including India, through reports published by respective Global Publishing Agencies. The India Index section is meant to create indigenized Indices for assessment and ranking of States/ UTs based primarily on parameters monitored in GIs by Publishing Agencies. The Reform Actions section meant to identify reform actions in relation to each GI, and to further monitor progress in implementation of those identified reforms. The latter is primarily based on the pattern of framework established by DPIIT for the Ease of Doing Business Index to bring necessary changes in law/policy/rules/process etc. with specific roles and responsibilities assigned to line M/Ds and States/UTs. The dashboard is organized in seven modules: 1. Index Creation Master - Configuration of the index hierarchy, i.e., to add/edit/delete parameters/sub-parameters etc. 2. Reforms Master - Configuration of Reform Areas and Reforms Actions 3. Progress data entry - Progress data entry for India Index, Status update for Reform Actions, Update published scores and ranks for Global Index
4. Administrative module - User creation and management 5. Visualization - Real-time display of performance in Global Index, India Index and Reforms 6. Approvals and Notifications - Approval and escalation matrix, Email and SMS alerts 7. Reports - Performance, Compliance and Audit reports Website & eGov projects for Archaeology Survey of India: Delhi, India 2021 - 2022 Program Manager {Siler Touch Technology Limited}
The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), under the Ministry of Culture, is the premier organization for the archaeological researches and protection of the cultural heritage of the nation. Maintenance of ancient monuments and archaeological sites and remains of national importance is the prime concern of the ASI. Besides it regulates all archaeological activities in the country as per the provisions of the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1958. It also regulates Antiquities and Art Treasure Act, 1972.
For the maintenance of ancient monuments and archaeological sites and remains of national importance the entire country is divided into 24 Circles. The organization has a large work force of trained archaeologists, conservators, epigraphist, architects and scientists for conducting archaeological research projects through its Circles, Museums, Excavation Branches, Prehistory Branch, Epigraphy Branches, Science Branch, Horticulture Branch, Building Survey Project, Temple Survey Projects and Underwater Archaeology Wing.
Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) has a current website available at https://asi.nic.in/. This web site needs to be Redesigned and Redeveloped with updated content, features and easy User accessibility. The visualization needs to be done keeping current GoI web site development guidelines and norms in compliance. 1. The website designed with latest, Trendy & new fresh look. 2. Content Management System (CMS)
3. Built in specific manner so that authorized officials can easily maintain the respective content themselves and can upload modified documents / contents wherever specify.
4. Multi-Lingual with English & Hindi Language.
5. Cross Browser & Cross Platform compatible.
6. Comply W3C and WCAG 2.0 A Standards, all of the basic guidelines issued by Government of India for Government Website Development (GIGW).
7. Content Cross linking with Related Pages, Popular Pages / Topics etc. 8. Built with Unicode fonts so no font downloads required in any condition. 9. Social Media Integration with Facebook, Twitter, YouTube etc. 10. Optimized for Search Engines
11. Built with all basic security provisions
eHospital Rollout of NIC for Central / States Government Hospitals: Delhi, Lucknow, India 2021 - 2022 Program Manager {Siler Touch Technology Limited}
As part of the Digital India initiative of Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, NIC has developed the e-Hospital, e-BloodBank and Online Registration System (ORS) applications. ORS portal was inaugurated by the Hon’ble Prime Minister of India on 1st July 2015.
e-Hospital project has developed with the vision to improve the delivery of healthcare services to the citizens across the country. It is a one-stop solution which helps in connecting patients, hospitals and doctors on a single digital platform. The e- Hospital application is the cloud based Hospital Management Information System for digitization of internal workflows and processes of hospitals. The e-Hospital application is a web enabled and workflow-based application, hosted at NIC's National Cloud MeghRaj, built on a decentralized multi-instance architecture being used by over 268 hospitals across the country. 1. To provide the e-Hospital, e-BloodBank and ORS applications to government hospitals 2. To provide online patient portal for delivery of citizen centric services like online appointment booking, access to lab reports online and blood availability status
3. To provide application related technical support to the hospitals through dedicated Call Centre/ Helpdesk War Memorial for Indian Armed Forces: Delhi, India 2021 - 2022 Program Manager {Siler Touch Technology Limited}
The memorial complex is in harmony with the existing layout and symmetry of the majestic Rajpath and Central Vista. Solemnity of the ambience is maintained with an emphasis on landscaping and the simplicity of architecture. Apart from the main memorial, there is dedicated area for busts of soldiers who have been conferred with 'Param Vir Chakra,' the nation's highest gallantry award. The memorial has distinct scheme of concentric circles: Amar Chakra Circle of Immortality - This has an Obelisk with Eternal Flame. The flame symbolises the immortality of the spirit of fallen soldiers with the assurance that the Nation will never forget their sacrifices. Veerta Chakra Circle of Bravery - The Third circle depicts the Bravery of Indian forces in the form of a covered gallery that exhibits six murals crafted in bronze depicting valiant battle actions of Indian Armed Forces. Tyag Chakra Circle of Sacrifice - The circular concentric walls of honour, which symbolise the ancient war formation
'Chakravyuh'. The walls are clad with granite tablets where an independent granite tablet is dedicated to each soldier who has made the supreme sacrifice. Each name on the tablet is etched in golden letters. Rakshak Chakra Circle of Protection - The outermost circle made of rows of trees in the Rakshak Chakra is a reassurance to the citizens of the country about their safety against any threat, with each tree representing the soldiers who ensure the territorial integrity of the Nation, round the clock. Application use the Bluetooth Beacon Technology for Real-time Content (related to the nearest exhibit/yodha sthal/martyr) Rendering and e-volunteer related functionality. Mobile Application is continuously communicating with the Beacon using BLE
(Bluetooth Low Energy) medium. Also, developed content management system-based Web Portal and interactive mobile application with a virtual tour guide functionality within the Memorial. Mobile Application includes features like Solution Implementation for Guided Tour, Web Services Development & Integration for App, Integration with 3rd Party Services, and also include app with Tour Guide Functionality.
A Backend System developed for configuration & management which track location where Beacons are placed. The audio track of the specific monument be configured with the specific beacon so that whenever mobile app be in range of beacon, the app will start playing the configured sound track.
Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav(AKAM) for MoC, Government of India: Delhi, India 2021 - 2022 Program Manager {Siler Touch Technology Limited}
Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav is an initiative of the Government of India to celebrate and commemorate 75 years of independence and the glorious history of its people, culture and achievements. This Mahotsav is dedicated to the people of India who have not only been instrumental in bringing India thus far in its evolutionary journey but also hold within them the power and potential to enable Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision of activating India 2.0, fuelled by the spirit of Aatmanirbhar Bharat. The official journey of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav commenced on 12th March 2021 which started a 75-week countdown to our 75th anniversary of independence and will end post a year on 15th August 2023. Following are the five themes of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav.
In-house Development: Noida, India 2014 - 2021
Senior Consultant / IT Head {Shree Jee Enterprises} Coordinating the business requirements across cross-functional teams and assist in UAT and QA deployment, Planning & scheduling (on-site / offshore) delivery management of deliverables of concurrent projects, Improving the operations and enhancing business growth by setting up infrastructures, project management and service delivery, Conducting systematic studies and coordinating with team members for product documentation, system design & integration, coding and applications continuation, Overseeing the entire product Lifecycle: feasibility through scoping, requirements definition through specification, design, development, quality assurance, integration and implementation JCUK / LCUS: UK 2013-2014
Program Manager / Senior IT Manager {Vaibhav Global Limited}
Managing multiple Request-For-Services & Steady-State projects
Planning, organizing and implementing key process involved in LIFE CYCLE OF A PROJECT.
Ensuring strict compliance on project Management tools like EPM / RPM.
Bringing standardization in Project Documentation and ensuring document version control. BCBSMA Security Compliance: USA 2012-2013
Project Management {IBM India}
Monitoring and establishing strict cost control in all projects.
Arranging additional man-power on outsourcing model.
To build services relationships with clients.
To ensure that systems, processes and methodologies as specified are followed to sure effective monitoring, control and support of service delivery.
To provide reports to an agreed schedule (or on request), including management and account performance reports.
Attend client service review meetings, areas covered will include performance reports, service improvements, quality and processes
Implemented Information Security Compliance on 3500+ servers across globe for all OS and Databases used E-Aadhaar Generation: UIDAI, New Delhi, India 2011-2012 Technical Manager / Project Manager {CMC Limited}
Manages analysis, design, development, testing, implementation and documentation of major software projects that vary in scope and complexity.
Identifies and evaluates project and business requirements and develops recommendations for implementation.
Ensures that projects are completed according to software development life cycle and project plans.
Troubleshoots and resolves or recommends alternative solutions to highly complex software problems and issues.
Participates in developing test suites and ensures overall quality of coding, testing and debugging of software.
Maintains project plan, manages engineers, and communicates effectively with upper management as well as team members. Development & Routing Consultancy: MP Excise, Gwalior, MP, India 2010-2011 Project Manager & Consultant {CMC Limited}
Work out the requirement of Hardware and networking equipment
Preparation of bid document for the procurement of Hardware
Preparation of supply order
Pre-dispatch Inspection of H/W & N/W equipment
Ensure installation, integration, operationalization and commissioning of the system
The main activities performed at storage country liquor warehouses, manufacturing country liquor warehouses, IMFL storage warehouses, distilleries, breweries, bottling units, district excise offices, divisional level flying squads, state level flying squad, the Head office and the Commercial Taxes Department at Bhopal Financial Services – Minerva: GE Financial, USA 2009-2010 Project Manager & Consultant {TCS India}
Project Planning and Tracking
Communication with Clients.
Communication with System users and support team.
Performance Review.
Quality Assurance/Quality Control.
Conducting Reviews.
Direction to Team in Creation of Production and Development Databases
Status Reporting to Senior Management
Communication with Clients and Oracle
Planning and implementing Backup & Recovery Plan
Team Management & Task Allocation
Performance Review of the Team
Defect Prevention and Control
Configuration Management
Implementation and Enhancement.
Development, Enhancement and IS Support: Ashland Inc., Lexington, Kentucky, USA 2008-2009 Project Manager {TCS India}
Project Planning and Tracking
Communication with Clients.
Communication with System users and support team.
Performance Review.
Quality Assurance/Quality Control.
Conducting Reviews.
Direction to Team in Creation of Production and Development Databases
Status Reporting to Senior Management
Communication with Clients and Oracle
Planning and implementing Backup & Recovery Plan
Team Management & Task Allocation
Performance Review of the Team
Defect Prevention and Control
Configuration Management
Implementation and Enhancement.
CBA (Production Support): GE Real Estate, USA & Europe 2007-2008 Project Manager {TCS India}
Status Reporting to Senior Management
Database Planning and Design with Team
Creation & Tracking of SR on Meta link as Problem reported by Team
Direction to Team in Restoring and Recovering of Databases
Monitoring and Tuning database performance
Communication with Clients and Oracle
Planning and implementing Backup & Recovery Plan
Team Management, Task Allocation & Performance Review of the Tea CPIS: National Highways Authority of India, India 2005-2007 Program Manager / Project Manager {CMC Limited}
Project Planning & Tracking
Team Management & Task Allocation
Performance Review
Estimation using FPA Technique
Conducting Reviews
Implementation & Enhancement
Change & Risk Management
Defect Prevention Coordinator
Configuration & Version Manager
Corridor Operations & Financial System: National Highways Authority of India, India 2005-2006 Program Manager / Project Manager {CMC Limited}
Project Planning & Tracking
Team Management & Task Allocation
Estimation using FPA Technique
Implementation & Enhancement
Database Administration
Change & Risk Management
Toll Plaza Collection Project: National Highways Authority of India, India 2005-2006 Project Manager {CMC Limited}
Requirement analysis, application framework design, coding template design, and development.
Database design for both Toll Plaza as well as Head Office.
Designing cubes for analysis at HO.
Design and coding of data transfer from Toll plazas to HO vice versa.
Interaction with other external devices as technical leader.
Team Management & Task Allocation
Implementation & Enhancement Support
Database Administration
Core Banking System: Kolkata, India 2004-2005
Project Manager / Manager IT {Allahabad Bank}
Manager IT having a team of 15 members, involved in managing various IT project implementations in the bank DEBS & SAMBANDH: North Delhi Power Limited, India 2004-2004 Program Manager / Project Manager / System Manager {CMC Limited}
Project Management
Database Administration
Shift & Log Management
Change & Risk Management
ISO Certification for IT Division
WHIZKID (Processing Loan Application Electronically): Sallie Mae Inc., USA 2003-2004 Project Manager / Oracle DBA {TCS India}
Project & Team Management at Offshore Site
DBA Support
Enhancement & Maintenance Support
Onsite – Offshore Co-ordination
Knowledge Transfer (Transition) to other Team Members
Unit / Integration Testing
Walkthrough and Reviews
Facility Management: Central Bureau of Investigation, India 1999-2003 IT Specialist / Oracle Database Administrator / Project Leader {CMC Limited}
Database Management & Performance Tuning
Integrated Change Control
Project Tracking & Monitoring
Status Reporting & Client Liaison
Team Management & Workflow Controlling
Third-Party Co-ordination
Lotus Notes / Domino Server Environment Setup & Maintenance
Training Delivery & User Interface
CRIMES/CIST/ADMIN System: Central Bureau of Investigation, India 1997-1999 Senior Engineer / Oracle Database Administrator {CMC Limited}
Database Design
Trigger, Procedure and Function Coding
Snapshot creation and Replication Scripting
Application Development
Client Liaison
Contact this candidate