Experience Summary
Solutions-focused Data Scientist with practical Data Engineering knowledge in collecting, cleansing, storing, and interpreting data. Vast experience using Python, R, Java, Fortran, MS Azure, MATLAB, MS SQL Server, Power BI, Tableau, SAS, and MS O365. Skilled in building rapport with cross-functional teams and identifying the best practices to guarantee company success. Other skills include web scraping, regression, and clustering analyses.

Education
George Mason University – BS in Computational and Data Sciences - 2020 Overall GPA: 3.86

Employment History
Data Analyst/Data Engineer, Energetics REMOTE Jan 2022 – Present
●Cleaned erroneous electric vehicle (EV) data and generated automated EV and station reports using Python and Latex. Assisted in the publication of an interactive dashboard using Power BI.
●Collected emission data from the World Bank Group which was used to predict the vulnerability of Milwaukee County. Used gaussian process regression (GPR) and linear regression to accurately predict freeze/thaw cycles, temperature trends, precipitation, and 100-year storm cycles.
●Served as a primary analyst in communication with Network Service Providers (NSPs) (Eversource CT/MA and United Illuminating charging program data aggregation).
●Developed automated processes that collected utility site information and aligned it with NSP data by using various identifying factors.
●Communicated heavily with NSPs to ensure clean, timely, and high-quality data submissions. Focused on secure file transfer data delivery methods such as, API access, SFTP, or SharePoint.
●Worked with subject matter experts to identify key data trends and perform deeper analyses of electric vehicles and charging stations.
●Assisted in data reporting to the California public utilities and electric vehicle service providers.
●Utilized Power BI tools to create interactive NSP facing dashboards allowing service providers to better identify issues and trends in their data submissions.
Data Analyst/Data Engineer Internship, Logistics Capital & Strategy, Arlington, VA May 2021 – Aug 2021
●Assisted with due diligence review for a transportation client ($1.5B annual revenue) seeking to acquire a specialized transportation company, analyzed trucking routes and recommended against the acquisition due to findings of reliance on one main trucking route, saved the client $50M due to overvaluation.
●Created a tool using Python that analyzes over 500,000 trucking companies enabling clients to gain insight on expansion opportunities based on tractor type and commodities analysis.
●Analyzed large clients’ trucking locations and developed visualizations in Tableau to show primary locations for imports/exports of their flatbed trucking division to source steel via ocean, truck, and rail.
Teaching Assistant (CDS Star), George Mason, Fairfax, VA Aug 2020 – Dec 2022
●Improved student understanding of complex MATLAB and FORTRAN programming problems by teaching them varying programming techniques.
●Reviewed students' homework assignments and helped them to understand how to create more functional code by removing unnecessary code and reducing runtime.
Data Analyst Internship, Proveo Automation, Ashburn, VA May 2020 – Jan 2021
●Performed data cleaning, data manipulation using R, and constructed data visualization models (Tableau) relating to new technology advancements to gain on-the-job experience of tool capabilities and how to story-tell data insights.
●Engaged in client meetings discussing ways to automate technology to improve company efficiency.
Math Tutor, Mathnasium, Ashburn, VA Jan 2019 - Aug 2020
●Used varying teaching methods (i.e., 1:1 and group sessions) based on student learning capabilities resulting in 90% of students seeing an improvement in their school grades.
●Recognized by the manager for exceptional performance and classroom management skills.
Contact this candidate