Henry Wong
Hayward, CA
ad4x1a@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/suihin-wong-henry github.com/henry4026 415-***-**** Hayward, CA Profile
An analytic data scientist with background knowledge about media in applying data modeling, A/B testing, statistics, data visualization, business intelligence, and data analysis to help companies achieve business goals. Passion for self-building and enhancing skills to deliver better performances. Effective communication with partners to achieve success. Comfortable wearing multiple hats to adapt to a fast-paced working environment to satisfy company needs. Expertise in project management in achieving goals. Teamwork and detail- oriented to ensure qualitative results.
Expertise in:
Data Modeling Data Visualization Data Analytics Analytics Tool (Tableau) Python R PostgreSQL MySQL MongoDB Spark
PySpark A/B testing Machine Learning Business Intelligence Neural Network Deep Learning MS Excel Business insights Natural Language Processing Databricks Confluence Jira Dashboard creation Audience measurement Ads measurement Experience
Data Scientist, Samba TV 2022 - 2023
● Improving our core viewership algorithms and defining metrics to enhance our products and increase sales by 30% with some clients.
● Using statistical methodologies to estimate the effectiveness of our client’s advertising campaigns on different platforms and save about 20% of their marketing budget.
● Building predictive models that extend our data to all TV watchers, both in the US and abroad.
● Turn data into insight and communicate findings effectively.
● Mine massive amounts of data to extract actionable insights and analyze and interpret that data to identify the user behavior trends, gaps, and inconsistencies.
License Banker, Wells Fargo Bank 2017 - 2019
● Manage 100+ current investment clients representing $10MM to maximize revenue.
● Analyze customer data to identify prospective customers.
● Develop financial/budget plans for customers and help them achieve their financial goals.
● Assist the branch manager in the success of all operations and procedures.
● Identify customers’ needs and provide the most appropriate product to customers to help their financial life succeed. Data Science Projects Bank Term Deposit Marketing Prediction - [GitHub_link]
• Created 5 different models (logistic regression, gradient boosting, random forest, neural network, XG boost) to predict if bank customers will purchase term deposits.
• Evaluated ROC curve to see the performance of each model.
• Built a confusion matrix for each model and determined fit with business needs by comparing it to cost-benefit matrix.
• Created precision/recall Curve for each model to visualize the precision/recall rate for each model.
• Packages and methods: Python, Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, Sklearn, Seaborn, Machine Learning. Tableau Dashboard – [TableauDashboard]
• Created a dashboard to report sales in different states from 2018-2021. Education
Syracuse University - Master of Science, Data Science 2021 - 2022 Galvanize Data Science Immersive – Advanced Data Science Immersive 2020 San Francisco State University - Bachelor of Science, Business Administration 2012- 2016
● Activities: Ascendleadership
Contact this candidate