Michaela Obeng
301-***-****
ad59qw@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
● Professional qualified Data Scientist with over 6+ years of experience on Data Science and Analytics in Banking and Insurance.
● Designing and developing various machine learning frameworks using Python, R, and MATLAB.
● Collaborated with data engineers to implement ETL process, wrote and optimized SQL queries to perform data extraction from Cloud and merging from Oracle 12c. Analyzed data through data mesh process
● Rich Experience in managing entire data science project life cycle and involved in all phases, including data extraction, data cleaning, statistical modelling and data visualization, with large datasets of structured and unstructured data.
● Hands - on experience in Machine Learning algorithms such as Linear Regression, GLM, CART, SVM, KNN, LDA/QDA, Naive Bayes, Random Forest, SVM, Boosting, K-means Clustering, Hierarchical clustering, PCA, Feature Selection, Collaborative Filtering, Neural Networks and NLP
● Professional working experience with Python 2.X / 3.X libraries including Matplotlib, NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Beautiful Soup, Seaborn, Scikit-learn and NLTK for analysis purpose.
● Experience in implementing data analysis with various analytic tools, such as Anaconda 4.0 / 2.X (Jupiter Notebook, Spyder), R 2.15 / 3.0 (Reshape, ggplot2, Mass and Lme4), SAS 9.3, and Excel 2010/2013.
● Strong experience with Looker explore project -3years
● Experience in performance tuning of Looker dashboards.
● Experience with data visualizations using Python 2.X / 3.X and R 2.15 / 3.0 and generating dashboard with Tableau 8.0 / 9.2 / 10.0. Experience with snowflake
● Working experience in Statistical Analysis and Testing including Hypothesis test, Enova, Survival Analysis, Longitudinal Analysis, Experiment Design and Sample Determination and A/B test. Creation and maintenance of Nintex Workflows
● Hands-on experience in importing and exporting data using Relational Database including Oracle 11g / 12c, MySQL 5.0 and MS SQL Server 2008 / 2012, and NoSQL database like MongoDB 3.3 / 3.4. Experience with Sharepoint
● Working experience in big data environment like Hadoop Ecosystem 1.X / 2.X including HDFS, MapReduce, Hive 0.11, HBase 0.9, Spark Framework 1.4 / 1.6 / 2.0, andSQL. Ability to use VBA language to automate tools and reporting in MS Excel
● Working experience in version control tools such as Git 2.X to coordinate work on file with multiple team members.
● Employing various SDLC methodologies such as Agile and SCRUM methodologies.
● Good team player and quick-learner, highly self-motivated person with good communication and interpersonal skills.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Redhorse Corporation-VA
June 2022 - Present
Data Scientist
Responsibilities:
● Working with AIRFORCE to understand the different functions of AIRCRAFT.
● Using Distribution tools-Weibull
● Researching why the system may fail and at what time it’s happens
● Set up Presentation to understand the requirements given by AIRFORCE.
● Using oracle data mining and oracle text mining to find to analyze data
● Using K means Cluster to sort data of Aircraft recorded times
● Data Modeling on how to update the system and come up with business solutions JPMorgan – NY June 2019 to June 2021
Data Scientist
Responsibilities:
● Identified risk level and eligibility of new insurance applicants with Machine Learning algorithms.
● Predicted the claim severity to understand future loss and ranked importance of features.
● Used R 3.X, R2.X and Spark 1.4 to implement different machine learning algorithms including Generalized Linear Model, SVM, Random Forest, Boosting and Neural Network.
● Evaluated and optimized performance of models, tuned parameters with K-Fold Cross Validation.
● Provided analytical support to underwriting and pricing by preparing and analyzing data to be used in auctorial calculations and data meshing processes
● Use of SQL for customer Information and database
● Used LookML for viewing files and structure separation
● Designed dashboards with Tableau 9.2 and MeteorJS provided complex reports, including summaries, charts, and graphs to interpret findings to team and stakeholders.
● Identified process improvements that significantly reduce workloads or improve quality.
● Claims Reimbursement processing information and understanding records, verifying coverage, coding information into database, communication with insurance
● Utilized SQL and HiveQL to query, manipulate data from variety data sources including Oracle 10g and HDFS, while maintaining data integrity.
● Worked on data cleaning, data preparation and feature engineering with Python 3.X including NumPy, PySpark,SciPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn and Scikit-learn.
● Worked with the version control tools, such as Git 2.X, to keep versions attributed from different people and record project at different time points.
● A Novel Machine Learning Framework for Phenotype Prediction Based on Genome-Wide DNA Methylation Data. Published IJCNN 2017
● Recognizing handwritten digits using artificial neural network
● Implemented a project using python, skit-learn, NumPy, SciPy and UNIX for detecting handwritten digits using artificial neural networks (Natural Language Processing) and convolutional neural networks.
● Library Management system
● Developed a database using JAVA, SQL, and UNIX for managing a library, with one user as a librarian with limited access and the other as a database administrator. DATA SCIENTIST May 2017 to June 2019
Citi group Bank - Minnesota
● Confidential designs, manufactures and markets innovative, high-quality, high-performance motorized products for recreation and utility use to the international market through global distribution channels.
● Responsible for modelling complex business problems, discovering business insights and identifying opportunities through the use of statistical, algorithmic, data mining,data meshing and visualization techniques.
● Wrote SQL queries generated by Looker
● Applied advanced analytics skills, with proficiency at integrating and preparing large, varied datasets, architecting specialized database and computing environments, and communicating results.
● Developed analytical approaches to strategic business decisions.
● Performed analysis using predictive modelling, data/text mining, and statistical tools.
● Collaborated cross-functionally to arrive at actionable insights.
● Synthesized analytic results with business input to drive measurable change.
● Assisted in continual improvement of AWS data lake environment.
● Identifying, gathering, and analyzing complex, multi-dimensional datasets utilizing a variety of tools.
● Performed data visualization and developed presentation material utilizing Tableau.
● Responsible for defining key business problems to be solved while developing, maintaining relationships with stakeholders, SMEs, and cross-functional teams.
● Used Agile approaches, including Extreme Programming, Test-Driven Development, and Agile Scrum.
● Provided knowledge and understanding of current and emerging trends within the analytics industry.
● Participated in product redesigns and enhancements to know how the changes will be tracked and to suggest product direction based on data patterns.
● Applied statistics and organizing large datasets of both structured and unstructured data.
● Use of algorithms, data structures and performance optimization.
● Worked with applied statistics and/or applied mathematics.
● Facilitated data collection sessions. Analysed and documented data processes, scenarios, and information flow.
● Determined data structures and their relations in supporting business objectives and provided useful data in reports.
● Promoted enterprise-wide business intelligence by enabling report access in SAS BI Portal and on Tableau Server.
● Utilized tools such as Python, Tableau, R, SAS, etc. to perform complex data analysis. Education
Bachelor's degree: Trinity Washington University
Certified Data Scientist- 2021
Major: Business Administration
Skills
● Great communication
● Understanding overall issues
● Taking note of improvements
Contact this candidate