Sahithi Parsi
Farmington Hills, MI ad5dnb@r.postjobfree.com 248-***-****
Professional Summary:
● Data scientist with strong experience in delivering Artificial Intelligence solutions across diverse business domains like healthcare, supply chain, retail, marketing, finance, automotive, and banking. Experienced in developed AI applications with Python and cloud solutions enabling me to extract valuable insights and drive data-driven decisions for business success.
Professional Experience:
Soft Snippets Inc, FL Jul 2023-Present
Data Scientist
● Built a customer service bot for a bank to improve user experience using NLP frameworks such as RAG, hugging-face, LangChain, BERT, TensorFlow, Pytorch, rasa, ChatGPT, DialogFlow, GCP, AWS and automated the workflow using AI tools and platforms with chatbase and zapier.
● Built Q&A engine using NLP frameworks such as RAG, hugging-face, LangChain, BERT, TensorFlow and Pytorch..
● Classified 20 different document types using nlp and deep learning models such as LSTM, RNN and keras.
● Developed NLP models for Sentiment Analysis for email using Python, Tensorflow and Pytorch.
● Developed a software product using agile methodologies, performed text analytics on healthcare documents using Java, GATE, OCR to identify data annotations using nlp patterns and techniques to extract valuable information from medical invoices and certificates Implemented the model using Git,CI/CD pipelines.
● Built a pipeline to extract nutrition information from the images of product using nlp and deep learningmodels such as OCR, spacy and deployed the model using GCP.
● Performed statistical analysis such as A/B testing, data preprocessing methods and developed machine learning models to predict marketing revenue using Logistic regression, KNN, decision trees, random forest, XGboost. Analyzed customer data and extracted insights on customer spend using Python, Tableau, SQL, ANOVA, chi-square and AWS.
● Extracted data using Big Query, analysed sales data for a retail store, created dashboards and extracted insights from data. Identified inefficiencies, forecasted demand, revenue and recommended a supply chain strategy to optimize operations by reducing costs and increase revenue using SQL, CPLEX, UIMA and Tableau. Environment: Python, SQL, Tableau, ML, NLTK, CNN, RNN, LSTM, Tensorflow, Pytorch,GCP, Big Query, Vertex AI,Rasa, LLM, ChatGPT, BERT, NER, Dialogflow, spacy, Gensim, OCR, Java, GCP, AWS, timeseries, CI/CD, C,C++, Agile,Git, Java, Kubernetes, Docker, Jenkins.
Global Data, Hyderabad, India Mar 2020-Aug 2021
Data Scientist
● Developed data systems using data mining, transformation methods and developed machine algorithms to solve business problems using Python, SAS, Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, K-NN and Decision trees to predict customer churn and deployed the model using Azure.
● Performed topic modelling, NER and extracted topic keywords using LDA and Mallet. Designed and optimized databases to store NLP entities and relationships using Microsoft SQL server ensuring scalability and performance.
● Forecasted price, sales and revenue for a consumer goods company using python, R,and what-if scenario tool and time series methods.
● Created a recommendation engine for an e-commerce platform to suggest products to users based on their browsing and purchase history.
● Built a data pipeline for customer segmentation on large, structured data of uber rides and extracted insights from data using MySQL, Tableau, Hadoop, Kafka, Spark,Pyspark and clustering.
● Analyzed Air fares data and relationship between variables using statistics and developed dashboards with various plots on Airfare's dataset using data visualization tools such as Tableau, Qlikview and Excel.
● Analysed churn, media and covid location datasets, built visualizations and recommended insights for business using Python, MYSQL, Tableau,Power BI.
● Conducted knowledge sharing sessions, interviews and participated in hiring. Environment: Python, R, SQL, SAS, ML, NLP, CNN, RNN, LSTM, Standford NER, NLTK, Azure, TensorFlow, Logistic regression, KNN, decision trees, random forest, XGboost, Tableau, Alteryx, Hadoop, Spark, Kafka,Auto ML Must Research Labs, Hyderabad, India Apr 2018 – Feb 2020 AI/ML Engineer
● Developed deep neural networks for anomaly detection of credit card transactions using auto encoders & python
● Built a convolutional neural network (CNN) to classify product images.
● Implemented a Real-time object identification bot to identify objects in a real-time video using YOLO, OpenCV and pytorch, tensorflow.
● Developed a number plate recognition model by classifying images and extracting car numbers from vehicles' number plates using CNN, google vision API, python, OpenCV and keras.
● Built a face identification and motion recognition model to extract human data points from video and developed an algorithm for face identification and body pose estimation of users writing an exam using python and keras.
● Developed an AutoML software to automate the machine learning process using Logistic regression, decision trees, random forest and python.
Environment: Python, R, SQL, Tableau, NLP, SQL, LSTM, OpenCV, MS Excel, OCR, GCP, ML, NLP, CNN, LSTM, Air flow, Kubeflow, Terraform
Annalect, Bengaluru, India Mar 2016 – Mar 2018
Data Analyst
● Analysed diverse media data sources like digital and ofline marketing data, created visualizations and dashboards and recommended actionable insights for business and improved campaign performance using Tableau.
● Cleaned processed and verified the integrity of data used for analysis
● Conducted ad-hoc analysis and presented results in a clear manner.
● Built a pipeline to extract data from different media channels such as offline, digital, and social media marketing sources using API’s, transformed large scale of data and built a data lake using ETL process and tools such as Alteryx and Azure data bricks.
● Extracted digital media data from AWS Redshift, AWS S3 and twitter API, analysed data, designed data visualizations, and identified media KPI’s for businesses.
● Created tasks to extract and harmonize data, designed QA modules and visualizations, automated the data lake processes, documented the processes, and extracted Insights from data using AIP.
● Analysed data sources, experience in designed wireframes, and recommended KPI’s for businesses and implemented project from POC till production using SAP.
● Audited, analysed, and optimized the process and improved efficiency of the businesses. Environment: SQL, Tableau, Alteryx, SAP, AWS Redshift, AWS S3, QA, Data analysis & visualization,Azure databricks. Digital Marketing consulting India, Hyderabad, India Jul 2015 — Sep 2015 Data Analyst Intern
● Analysed performance of social media, digital campaigns and provided insights to improve campaign performance.
● Performed competitor analysis, website analysis, keyword analysis, keyword research and analysed performance of social media and digital marketing campaigns using google analytics, twitter analytics,Facebook analytics tools and increased conversions and ROI for businesses.
Environment: Google analytics, SQL, Tableau, MS Excel, Google Looker, Qliksense, Qlikview,Data analysis & visualization.
Education:
M.B.A, Trine University, U.S.A 2021 - 2023
PGP-INSOFE, Big data analytics and optimization,INDIA 2017 - 2018 Bachelor’s in Electronics and communication, Sastra University, INDIA 2011 - 2015 Certifications
Google data analytics certification Tableau in DataScience - 2022 Advanced Mastering data analysis using excel Master SQL for Data science Integrating Python, SQL, and Tableau Probability and statistics Business Metrics for Data-Driven
companies
Probability and statistics for data science Tensorflow2.0 and KerasAPI
Contact this candidate