Nitish Kumar
Cupertino, CA *****
+91-815******* - ad5grn@r.postjobfree.com
Websites, Portfolios, Profiles
www.linkedin.com/in/nitish-kumar-b1440852
Professional Summary
Communicative Research Scientist proficient in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, GenAI. Understand the end to end workflow of the AI projects, pitfalls and space available to AI engineers for complete customer satisfaction, not through university education but practical hands-on Experience and multiple Failures with the most challenging projects.
Experience with the over-the-top expectations of the customers from AI processes and AI based automation.
Research Scientist for AI/ML with an immense passion for AI and sincerely working towards making AI systems more Explainable and more Interpretable.. Serving in a government space agency (ISRO) for last 10 years and leading multiple interdisciplinary teams from government bodies, research organizations and setting up international cooperation for space projects of global importance, particularly AI ethics,AI Safety and AI Alignment.
Accomplishments
Awarded Most Innovative Project Award by Indian National Academy Of Engineering
Collaborated with team of NASA-Caltech in the development of ISRO.
Young Scientist Award by Indian Space Research Organization
Achieved Automation by introducing ELSIS an AI software for inspection tasks.
Collaborated with team of four in the development of Integrated Satellite Health Monitoring Systems which collaborates with team across disciplines.
Skills
Large Language Models (LLM)

Computer Vision
Artificial Intelligence (AI)

Reinforcement / Imitation Learning
Transformers / Multihead attention mechanisms

Tensorflow
Genetic Algorithm

Evolutionary Search
MatLab

Convex Optimisation
MLOps

Scientific Writing
Project Management

Risk Management
Interpersonal skills

Presentation skills
Communication skills

Cognitive agents
UGNX

MEMS Technology
C / C++

Data Science
CNNs / DNNs / LSTM

COMSOL
Formal Logics

Python
PyTorch

LangChain
Research and experiments

Safety processes and procedures
Data Analytics

Research methods
Peer Reviews

Machine Learning
Critical Thinking

Effective Multitasking
Self-Directed and Motivated

Strong Work Ethic
Report Preparation

Research Planning
Research coordination

Technical consulting
Database Design

Grant Writing
Data Modeling
Work History
06/2021 to Current
Scientist-SE
U R Rao Satellite Centre, URSC-ISRO, India – Bengaluru
Scientist with an immense passion for AI and sincerely working towards making AI systems more explainable and more dextrous
Developed enterprise-level solution that has cognitive agent called GYAAN, which uses best open-source LLM models and used to increase productivity of employees.
Applied RAG, semantic search optimizations, established a vectorDB and prompt-engineering for the agents.
As a hobby project and done to test the cognition capabilities of LLM based Agents, I Used open-source LLMs to devlop an AI Astrologer that uses derives its knowledge from ancient texts, andanalyses the questions asked by users. It then gives a reply based on the AI Ethics,safety and AI alignment principles.
Used LangChain to create the Thought chains for LLMs.
Particularly interested in GenAI and its capabilities and applications.
Evaluated and implemented GenAI technologies and developed techniques to improve quality and robustness of "text to task".
Innovative solution developed in sematic search for voluminous documents to make RAG more effective in enterprise settings.
Evaluated and Implemented techniques for Latent Space Theory for Emergent Abilities in Large Language Models
Implemented quality control measures to ensure the accuracy and reliability of experimental results. Guardrails for AI models for AI alignment,AI ethics and AI safety.
Serving in a government space agency (ISRO) for last 10 years and leading multiple interdisciplinary teams from government bodies, research organizations and setting up international cooperation for space projects of global importance.
06/2018 to 12/2018
Scientist-SD
U R Rao Satellite Centre, ISRO, India – Bengaluru
Working with diverse Govt Organizations for social benefits from Space Missions - All India Surgeons Association, NIMHANS, IISc-Bangalore. -Leading Research Projects with academia institutions - IISc, IIT Kanpur, IIST Trivendrum. -Member of International collaborations for Space Based Energy - NASA-CALTECH- IIST-ISRO. -Cooperation and coordination with numerous personnel as Project Manager of space missions- X POSAT, IDRSS.
Team Lead for the project Automation of crack detection in solar cells for satellites.
Performed complex troubleshooting and assisted in leading initiatives to solve challenging explainability and interpretability problems with ML models. Resukted in a novel way to analyse the vision models based on the mathematical model of human vision.
Team Leader for project on Integrated Health Monitoring and Management for Satellite Power Systems for medical application for human space flight.
Developed innovative research methodologies for improved data collection and analysis.
Team Leader for Artificial Intelligence for Cognitive Systems for Space at URSC, ISRO, India. Led cross-functional team collaborations to drive innovation and solve complex scientific problems entailing in space missions.
Lead Researcher for alternative power sources for space missions project Thermoelectric generators for Space Power systems like Energy systems for remote areas, Defense applications, Power for remote science projects.
Trained new employees on areas of technical expertise and compliance issues relevant to lab setting.
Conducted experiments in laboratory environment for product development purposes.
Mentored junior scientists and provided guidance on their career development and research projects.
Published multiple peer-reviewed articles, establishing expertise in the field of scientific study.
Simultaneously managed several complex projects, meeting all pertinent milestones.
Presented research findings at national and international conferences, promoting knowledge sharing among peers.
01/2014 to 05/2015
Intern
Indian Institute of Technology, IIT Bombay, India
Designed and developed a novel (now patented) MEMS sensor for Hydrogen detection at ppb levels for ISRO under Ministry of Electronics and IT for the government of India.
Education
01/2014
Bachelor of Technology: AI And Robotics (Avionics)
Indian Institute of Space Science &Technology (IIST), India - India
Grade: 7.8/10
Full Scholarship from ISRO : Scholarship Recipient
Extracurricular Activities: Basketball Team Captain.
Quiz Club, IIST : Member
Dramatic Society,IIST: Founder and Proud Member
01/2009
AISSCE

01/2007
AISSE

Certifications
Structured training for Senior Scientists-ISRO
Course on Artificial Intelligence-IIT Madras
Hands-on workshop on AI-NVIDIA 2016
AI hands-on proficiency workshop-CII 2019
Course on Sociology-IIT Madras
Personal Information
Title: Scientist-SE
Awards
Innovative Young Scientist Award - ISRO 2017
Innovative Student Project Award - INAE 2014
Fully-funded Scholarship for B.Tech course
Campus selection for Scientist position in ISRO
Publications
Multihead Self-attention and LSTM for Spacecraft Telemetry Anomaly Detection, S. Gundawar, N. Kumar, P. Yash, A. K. Singh and M. Deepan, Advanced Computing: 11th International Conference IACC 2021 Msida Malta, 18-19, 2021
Deep learning-based automatic micro-crack inspection in space-grade solar cells, Gundawar S, Kumar N, Meetei NR, Krishna Priya G, Puthanveetil SE, Sankaran M, Advances in Small Satellite Technologies. Proceedings of 1st International Conference on Small Satellites. Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering (LNME), 293, 2020
Performance Analysis and Optimization of a SnSe-Based Thermoelectric Generator, Bhattacharya, M., Ranjan, M., Kumar, N., Maiti, T., ACS Appl. Energy Mater., 4, 8211–8219, 2021
Polymer/ceramic MEMS: A nanomechanical sensor platform with low temperature high gauge factor ITO for electromechanical transduction, Tina B., Anjana C., Kumar N., Seena V., J Microelectromech Syst, 30, 1, 116-125, 2020
Affiliations
Society of Small Satellites
Languages
English

Native or Bilingual

German

Limited Working
Hindi

Native or Bilingual
Contact this candidate