Sonia Ndouba
IT/Data Science
ad5i4y@r.postjobfree.com
817-***-****

PROFILE
Data Scientist/Analyst with a Master of science degree in Data Science and over 2 years of experience, specializing in machine learning. Experienced in Python, Excel, Database using SQL, and data visualization using Tableau. Able to work in challenging and result oriented environment with cutting edge tools to meet short deadlines. With an adaptive personality, able to translate complex problems into simple terms. Strong communicator with both written and verbal skills.

EXPERIENCE

AMAZON DAL2 19/2021 – now
Fulfillment associate 1

1.Stower
Inspecting items for any defects and escalating damaged items to the supervisor
Storing incoming inventory into an appropriate storage location for future retrieval

2.Picker
Picked up heavy objects using proper lifting techniques to avoid injuries.
Fulfilled orders quickly to accomplish challenging daily objectives.
Selected items from bins, scanned tags with tracker and loaded onto cart.
Confirmed items picked for order by keying codes into [Software] systems.

3.Packer
Selected items from tote, scanned tags with tracker.
Sealed containers, using protective materials
Apply labels to packaged items in preparation for outbound shipping

Texas Women University 09/2020 – 12/2023
Graduate Student Engineer

Projects:
`1. Predictive Modeling:
Development of data collection processes and data management systems.
Extracted, manipulated, and analyzed datasets using multiple data platforms.
Performed data cleaning and analysis to identify patterns and anomalies.
Maintenance of data integrity(0% error rate).
Charting and graphing of data for reporting purposes.
Developed a predictive model for Heart Attacks, achieving an accuracy of percentage using the root mean squared error (RMSE).
Reported data visualization using Tableau, SQL and Excel to answer quick data-related questions.
Utilized machine learning algorithms such as[Decision tree, KNN, Logistic regression, Linear Regression, and Support Vector Machine] and performed feature engineering.

2. Kindergarten Database Management System:
Designed a relational database schema for a kindergarten school.
Implemented CRUD operations using SQL for efficient data management
Ensure Data security through proper access control
Wrote queries to retrieve information from the system.

EDUCATION
TEXAS WOMEN UNIVERSITY
Denton, TX
Master of Science,
Data Science
UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS
AT ARLINGTON – ARLINGTON, TX
Bachelor of Science,
Information Systems
Tarrant county college
AT ARLINGTON –
associate of Science,

TEHNICAL PROFIENCIES
Data Analysis & visualization
Data Modeling
Data Mining
Data Manipulation
Data Analysis (Exploratory Data Analysis )
Data visualization

ETL( Extract, Transform, Load)

Programming Language & Techniques
Python (NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-Learn)
SQL
VBA(Visual Basic for application)
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
C#
R
Regression Analysis
Clustering

Platform Tools
Microsoft SQL Server
Jupyter Notebook
Tableau
Excel
NumPy
Pandas
Matplotlib
Seaborn
Scikit-learn
V-lookup
Pivot Table/Pivot Chart
Contact this candidate