Violeta Cruz Del Valle
* ******* ** ********, ** 02919 401-***-**** ad5n27@r.postjobfree.com

Objective

To obtain a challenging data scientist position in a dynamic and innovative organization where I can use my technical and analytical skills.

Experience

DELTA RAMP AGENT 2018-Present

Safely lift, load, unload, and transport baggage, mail, and cargo to and from aircraft, in addition to being responsible for timely connections by guiding incoming and departing aircraft from the gate positions.
Safeguard Cargo, baggage, and mail from damage, loss, and weather.
Safely driving and operating ground equipment such as tugs, belt loaders, and tow tractors in areas of congestion.
Operate baggage scanners and computers to ensure baggage is routed accurately to the customer's destination.

DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL LAB TECHNICIAN 2015-2016

Effectively collected patients’ phlebotomy specimens according to established medical guidelines, procedures, and safety protocols and transferred them to laboratories for testing.
Tested and analyzed specimens of human origin and other substances using established scientific laboratory techniques to aid in diagnosing, treating, and preventing diseases and to support medical research.
Recognized and expedited emergency testing situations to appropriate laboratories as priorities.
Professionally maintained adequate stocked of supplies for all steps of the phlebotomy collection process.
Utilized a wide range of laboratory equipment’s and instrumentations to analyze specimens.
Examined samples such as blood and bone marrow under microscopes.
Assembled, disassembled, and maintained all laboratory equipment required for tests, research, process, or quality control.

W & I HOSPITAL (Women’s Oncology) ONCOLOGY PATIENT CARE COORDINATOR 2007-2014

Professionally maintained adequate stock of supplies for all steps of the phlebotomy collection process.
Acted as a Spanish medical interpreter for third party billing process and routine medical care.
Effectively managed many aspects of patient care.
Brought patients into exam rooms to take vital signs, coordinated prescription orders and renewals with pharmacies, and handled filing and retrieving of confidential medical records.
Assisted and provided support to physicians and nurses: internal exams, biopsies, colposcopies, phlebotomies, and minor surgeries.
Established new patients, created electronic files for them, and answered multi-line phones, collected co-pays, co-insurance and all other balances.
Faxed, scanned, recorded all necessary medical documents, and handled Urinalysis procedures using the urine dipstick.
Communicated with other doctor offices, imaging offices, and all other organizations as needed.
Collected various specimen such as stool, urine and blood and prepared them for the lab.

RI AIR NATIONAL GUARD AEROSPACE MEDICAL TECHNICIAN 2005-2012

Completed training and achieved CPR Cert/EMT-B executed and supervised allergy and immunizations.
Implemented appropriate levels of ground support depending on medical situation: prepared medical environment and evacuated patients from aircraft.
Performed EMT duties in planning, providing and evaluating patient care in routine situations and disasters.
Read and recorded temperature, pulse and respiration, and maintained a clean, orderly and well-stocked environment.
Escorted patients to examination rooms and prepared them for physician exams.
Completed and submitted clinical documentation in accordance with HIPAA regulations.
Performed basic life support, tactical combat casualty care (TCCC) and triage in emergency situations. Serves as member of primary emergency medical response to installation 911 Emergency Medical Services (EMS) response, in-flight emergencies, medical/trauma emergencies, and potential mass casualty scenarios for on- and off-base incidents.
Participated in contingency or disaster field training, exercises, and deployments, augmenting search and rescue flying squadrons.
Prepared and submitted administrative reports. Managed supplies and equipment, submits, and executes budgets.
Coordinated medical service activities with execution and clinical management teams. Utilizes the nursing process for promoting and maintaining patient health.
Provided disease and disability education, care, and evaluation of nursing care. Participates in and leads the planning, implementation, and evaluation of nursing care.
Supervised personnel, conducted training, and created duty schedules. Scheduled and conducted in-service training on procedures, techniques, and equipment. Scheduled and conducted periodic disaster training and evacuation procedures.

CITY YEAR (AMERICORPS) RI ACADEMIC COORDINATOR /TUTOR 2001-2003

Planned and monitored individual student progress in collaboration with teachers on whole class instruction, break out spaces and other-in class student assistance.
Worked with identified students 1: 1 and in small groups •
Developed literacy and / or math skills varying learning activities by student level, answering student questions and encouraging assignment completion •
Created and implemented a behavior management system for students to develop social-emotional skills throughout their day, using proven strategies of learning, practicing, reflection and repetition.
Collaborated with teachers and team members to collect, record, analyze and monitor individual student progress, participating in facilitated reviews of student data collected and entered City Years student data system.
Created an engaging, safe and healthy classroom space in collaboration with the teacher.
Created, supported and / or co-lead events/programs that recognized and appreciated student growth and / or achievement in math, literacy, attendance, and behavior.
Engaged students, parents / guardians, and / or community members in education or social issues through member led themed events at schools.

Education

Community College Of Rhode Island, Nursing Program
Major: Nursing 2011

Community College of the Air Force 2006
Major: Emergency Medicine EMT-B & CPR Cert

Skills & abilities

Adept in Attention to details
Bilingual (Spanish)
Revel in problem solving.
Excellent oral & written communication
Exceptional Leadership skills and ability to achieve optimal results in a team environment.
Contact this candidate