SAMUEL V. BROWN
https://www.linkedin.com/in/accidentallysam/
Boston, MA
(401) 241{8494 ad673u@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Data Scientist specialized in applied causal inference (econometrics, experiments, causal machine learning). Ten years implementing and analyzing experiments and observational/causal studies at scale. EXPERIENCE
Amazon / Ful llment by Amazon { FBA Jun 2022 { Dec 2023 Senior Research Scientist Bellevue, WA
Tech lead for an attribution tool tying 3rd-party seller sentiment to speci c Amazon policies, products, and product features, recovering $173MM revenue (selection correction, matching, surrogates).
Designed an experiment to continually measure relaxed storage constraints' impact on seller outcomes.
Quanti ed recommended inventory levels' impact on seller outcomes (double machine learning).
Estimated the entitlement of a program relaxing EU sellers' storage requirements in UK, FR, IT, DE
(di -in-di with variation in treatment timing).
Worked cross-functionally with Product, Engineering, Data Engineering, and Finance. Wayfair May 2018 { Jun 2022
Principal Economist (L4) Boston, MA
Tech lead for an experiment that varied key pre- and post-order aspects of the customer experience on all Wayfair platforms, directly a ecting 95% of global customers, 100% of products, and 60% of orders.
Integrated causal estimates into existing storefront and ful llment algorithms to unlock $31MM revenue.
Designed an algorithm to trade-o the short-term bene ts of more aggressive delivery estimates and the long-term (1-year+) costs of reduced delivery reliability, unlocking $57MM revenue.
Provided quarterly updates to the COO on the progress and value-added of ongoing projects. Oct 2019 { Sep 2021
Senior Economist (L3) Boston, MA
Tech lead for a v0 project using causal ML (causal forest, doubly robust learning, surrogate index) to study the long-term (1-year+) impacts of imperfect customer experiences.
Integrated causal estimates into ful llment ML systems, unlocking $11MM revenue.
Used experiments to estimate causal inputs for a promotions ML system, unlocking $59MM revenue.
Founded the Wayfair US summer economics internship program and managed intern hiring. May 2018 { Sep 2019
Data Scientist (L2) Boston, MA
Tech lead for a promotions data science product touching 40% of products on Wayfair.com.
Set research priorities on the joint optimization of promotions, sort, and pricing.
Co-founded a bi-weekly causal reading group and taught internal classes on experimental design. The MITRE Corporation Sep 2006 - Jul 2008
Digital Signal Processing Engineer Bedford, MA
Performed data analysis, hardware design, and software development for GPS and mobile applications.
Assisted in the planning and execution of international GPS eld experiments. 1 of 2
EDUCATION
Brown University 2010{2017
M.A. in Economics (ABD, 4 years thesis research)
National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD) Fellow Purdue University 2008{2010
M.S. in Agricultural Economics
Outstanding Master's Thesis Award
Worcester Polytechnic Institute 2003{2006
B.S. in Electrical and Computer Engineering
Charles O. Thompson Scholar (Dean's List)
AFFILIATIONS
National Association of Business Economists (NABE) The Honor Society of Agriculture, Gamma Sigma Delta The Honor Society of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), Eta Kappa Nu The Engineering Honor Society, Tau Beta Pi
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Python, R, SQL/Redshift/GBQ, Spark, Jupyter, Linux/Unix/Shell, Git, Stata, MATLAB 2 of 2
Contact this candidate