DEBABRATA GHOSHAL, Ph.D.
Vienna, VA ***** 703-***-**** ad6f87@r.postjobfree.com
Data Scientist
20+ years of developing, researching, and teaching high-level data and quantum information science. Diligent and dynamic professional with extensive success leveraging quantum information and data science to teach, consult, develop software, and build complex database systems. Experience in Statistical Modeling, Predictive Modeling, Data Analytics, Data Modeling, Data Architecture, Data Analysis, Data Mining. Exceptional communicator with innovative and analytical approach to build systems and deliver high-quality analysis and consultation. Engaging leader with active Secret Clearance and skilled in teaching diverse students and working with cross-functional teams. Technical Skills include:Matlab, Mathematica, Fortran, C, C++, Cobol, Unix, Windows XP, OpenVMS, Other advanced Programming Languages like R for Statistical programming etc., Big Data, Java, Python etc., Relational Databases, Scientific and Business Software and some exposure to Azure. Familiarity with the concepts of AWS and Recently started learning/working with AWS.
Highlights of Expertise
Software Development
Teaching & Training
Modeling/Simulation & Analysis
Data Collecting, Parsing and
Integration
Computer & Data Science
Complex Sql Queries
Budget Analysis
Data Visualization
Quantum Computing &
Information
Data Analysis & Reporting
Coding, Debugging & Integration
Specific Experience for the job of Analyst & Algorithm Developer
My role as Data Scientist in different DOD and other projects were always to do with the Analytic Methods of expertise in Statistical and Mathematical as well as different Data Architecture and Data Organization.My MATLAB experience with MATLAB script/function/class based unit testing and performance were in George Mason University, Quantopo and Harrisburg University. Done mainly mathematical and statistical simulation of quantum walks and checked codes for similar application and implementation.
Taught and train Fourier Transformations, Statistical Signal Processing and Linear Algebra to prepare for advance study in Quantum Computing
My experience as Algorithm Developer in Python, R, Java etc. Profound experience gained In the Department of Homeland Security, State Department, Department of Education etc.
Managed for many years, a large software using version control associated with VAX/VMS environment at the Department of Education Contract. Later used GITHUB in XCELERATE SOLUTIONS etc.
Career Experience
Intellect Solutions LLC/Department of Homeland Security, VA (Hybrid) May.2023 –Sept 2023 Senior Research Analyst/Data Scientist
Currently working on a project to:
(a) Collect from disparate sources unstructured and structured data.
(b) Group and design a method to extract the data in a proper and organize fashion
(c) Extract the data after developing a complex parsing algorithm
(d) Document and report writing to submit to the client
Other Projects working on and will work near future involves the task of Modeling/Simulation, Statistical Analysis, Regression Analysis using Python, R, or similar existing tools like MATLAB etc. Harrisburg University of Science and Technology, PA (Remote) Feb. 2021 – April.2023 Technical Consultant (Data Science/Quantum Information Science) Designed and implemented some training of Technical knowledge (as required and volunteer basis) of Data Science and Information Science.
Review and presented to clients some fundamentals and advanced topics related to computer, data and information science
Tested some old and new algorithms for machine learning
Provided necessary programming knowledge in Python to write application code and Simulation
Train classical and quantum inspired procedures for problem solving (Agile, Python,SQL) Department of Commerce, Washington, DC Sept. 2020 – Jan 2021 ARCHITECT/DATA SCIENTIST/STATISTICIAN/DATA GOVERNANCE ANALYST Worked at Veteran Engineering and Technology, LLC (VET). VET has a contract with the Department of Commerce to perform the following tasks by a Data Scientist/Statistician (my role):
Develop a documentation framework to capture from existing documents and update data quality standards, exception report processing, data and domain definitions
Design, Develop and maintain report catalogue
Perform analysis of National Telecommunication and Information Administration (NTIA) 5G data into, out of and within a managed systems and special management business process. (Agile, XML,SQL)
Worked with Enterprise Data Warehouse team and business intelligence architecture team to understand repository objects supporting business requirement and process
Identify and quantify data issues and develop plans to resolve these issues (Data Governance).
Performed data mining on enrollments data using very complex SQL queries and discovered claims pattern.
Provide expertise to design and develop data mapping and extract, transform, load (ETL) activities(Data Model)
Support complex and sophisticated data management processes, data gathering activities, and user requests
(XML, XSD creation) as well as perform developing procedures/algorithms and statistical testing activities. Washington Quantum Computing Meetup Group, Washington, DC Sept. 2019 – Aug 2020 ORGANIZER/PRESIDENT/ARCHITECT/Quantum Computer and Data Scientist As a Founder/President of this Meetup Group Organized and Conducted many online Webinars and meetings on the topic of most recent technological issues and challenges of Quantum Computing. During the Covid-19 time, got very good responses from 1300+ members and became an excellent platform to educate the community about various aspects of Quantum Computing. Got sponsors from Cambridge Quantum Computing and Association Quantum. Department of State, Washington, DC Jan. 2019 – Aug. 2019 SENIOR DATA SCIENTIST/ DATA GOVERNANCE ANALYST /DATA ARCHITECTURE Contracted at Marathon TS to conduct data analytics projects, including state of the art projects ranging from Statistical Modeling using R in the Azure environment to helping stakeholders in strategic planning of IT resources.
Main tasks were to perform Data Cleaning and Data Quality of Govt. private data and accurate reporting
Experienced on translating business needs to the appropriate data structures and relationships.
Research existing Data Quality and how to improve and maintain it for future.
Spearheaded data collection, visualization, and analysis to ensure optimization and accurately report findings to assist federal government departments in making informed decisions.
Developed data flow architecture & physical data model with Data Warehouse Architect
Work involved data modeling processes, creating and analyzing algorithms. Forecasting and predictive model simulation
Experience in analytics, data visualization and modeling to find solutions for a variety of business and technical problems.
Performed Data Profiling, Data definition, Data Mining, validating, and analyzing data and presenting reports.
Responsible for management tasks including performance reviews and task delegation. All important project related tasks viz. scheduling, project financials, quality review and client management.
Act as a mentor and performance manager for junior developers
Experienced with SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) platform for integration and workflow application OLTP and OLAP extensions used for ETL
Interview campus and/or experienced candidates.
Conducted comprehensive budget analysis, resulting in implementation of cost-effective policies. (Agile, R,SQL) Quantopo, LLC, Washington, DC/ VA Jan. 2018 – Dec. 2018 TECHNICAL ADVISOR (DATA SCIENTIST)
Collaborated and provided consultation for startup company to develop proposal to National Science Foundation (NSF), related to Topological Data Analysis.
Conceptualized new architecture and implementation procedure for topological analysis of data patterns, utilizing classical algorithms.
Provided inputs on design of physical and logical architecture, Source\Target Mappings of the data warehouse and the ETL process
Extensive collaboration with different companies to become partners.
Created Tableau dashboards/reports for data visualization, Reporting and Analysis and presented it to Business.
Streamlined slow-moving data processing areas by utilizing advanced processor.
Examined MATLAB and other code for simulation
Booz Allen Hamilton, Crystal City, VA Aug. 2017 – Dec. 2017 DATA SCIENTIST/ARCHITECT/ DATA GOVERNANCE ANALYST
Led data archive, data interface writing, and data dictionary maintenance for Department of Defense (DoD) classified project within Army Financial Services department.
Performed data cleansing, data scrubbing, data validation, data quality and data analysis, thoroughly and accurately.
Create technical blueprints and solution architecture diagrams
Define data requirements and ensure storage, availability, storage manipulation. Stored information in an optimized way to satisfy the organization's needs
Managed PII data with high-level of confidentiality, obtaining Active Secret Clearance. AT&T Govt. Solutions,McLean, VA Feb. 2016 – Jan. 2017 SENIOR CONSULTANT/DATA SCIENIST,ARCHITECT & DATA GOVERNANCE ANALYST Performed complex analysis, modeling, simulation, and enhancement of resourceful database for project related to DoD, involving data in Data Dictionary. Completed data cleansing, data scrubbing, data modeling, data mining, data integration, data validation, data analysis, and reporting.
Applied tools such as Visual Basic and Erwin to investigate logical and physical data models, OLTP and OLAP, search stored procedures, tables and metadata, fix code bugs, and generate complex reports with validation.
ReWork involved data modeling processes, creating and analyzing algorithms. Forecasting and predictive model simulation.
Queries the ability to clean, aggregate, organize data from multiple sources and transfer this information to data warehouses
Utilized analytical skills to design, develop and maintain reports, dashboards and visualizations that provide insight to internal partners and external clients in reporting tools (Agile, VB.net, C++,SQL) iWorks Corporation, McLean, VA Dec. 2014 –
Aug. 2015
SENIOR CONSULTANT/DATA SCIENTIST/ARCHITECT/ DATA GOVERNANCE ANALYST Produced Interactive Business Analytics Reports by completing data modeling, ETL, OLTP, OLAP, Data Analytics, and ELT
(Pentaho), as well as data cleansing, data scrubbing, data validation, and analysis.
Researched on proposal writing to governmental departments, for winning various contracts.
Manage business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, white papers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership material. Submitted successful Request for Information (RFI) to federal government (NIST). (Agile, C++,SQL, MATLAB)
George Mason University & Kawlpoq, Vienna, VA Jan. 2012 – Nov. 2014
DATA SCIENTIST/ARCHITECT/RESEARCHER
Cultivated knowledge and experience in Predictive Analytics while completing Ph.D. and conducted research on Quantum Computing.
Investigated some studies on Binomial Pricing Model problem and implementation in D-wave machine for company 1-Qubit in Vancouver, Canada.
Developed proposal for NASA, identifying the need to address earth science problems suitable for solving via quantum optimization algorithms, in partnership with Dr. Kirk Borne.
Established foundational skills in Big Data, Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, HBase, and Pig in order to support teams in accomplishing complex projects, Joined Group Data Science Community and attended various lecture on Cloudera Hadoop, Statically programming using language R, etc.
Collaborated and participated in various discussions with researchers and students on computation, algorithms, and applications.
Presented to new venture company (1Qubit) regarding their work on optimization issue during conference at University of British Columbia.
Investigated opportunities in Data Science (Big Data initiative) of small business with local government and software vendors. (Agile, VB.net, C++,SQL,MATLAB)
ACS, A XEROX Co., Germantown, MD Jan. 2008 – Dec. 2011 SOFTWARE CONSULTANT/ DATA GOVERNANCE ANALYST
Oversaw several projects in developing custom models and data dictionary and involving learning and enhancing Logical and Physical model of Warehouse/Data Mart, Mapping of logical models to Data Analytics, and BI using software tools, XML, Excel.
Work with a Testers, System Integrators to support data conversion effort
Design and Develop data conversion quality control and quality assurance processes
Designed data warehouse database and enterprise system architecture, developed and modified DDL to run efficiently in production.
Manipulating large data sets and using them to identify trends and analyzing meaningful conclusions to inform strategic business decisions
Produced reports using Business intelligence and data warehouse concepts.
Developed and applied advanced quantitative techniques in solving business and information/technology issues.
Used Oracle with embedded SQL and software packages to create analytic datasets from large, complex relational databases.
Supported and validated Postproduction and made plans for disaster recovery, any mitigations and production issues.
Coded, tested, and implemented complex IT changes in procedures, policies, and software for “Welcome Letters” generation, letters were sent to millions of new student loan borrowers. (Agile, VB.net, C++,SQL) George Mason University, Fairfax, VA Sept. 2003 – May 2007 LEAD RESEARCHER (DATA SCIENTIST)
Directed research on Quantum Information with various related projects of advanced information systems, gaining experience with different simulations packages for scientific investigations related to Hyperspectral data.
Organized and presented Seminars and talks for the department.
Established statistical based database information system for Fairfax County.
Participated in oceanographic research to analyze data and write code for Modeling/Simulation. ACS/CDSI, Germantown, MD Jan. 1996 – Oct. 2002
DEVELOPER/ DATA GOVERNANCE ANALYST
Served as lead developer to accomplish many key projects, from start to production delivery. Arranged project plans and management documents such as project charters, statements of work, technical evaluations, recommendations, decision documents, research papers, market/product analysis, briefings/presentation, and executive datasheets.
Technical experience in database maintenance, database technologies, and reporting tools (e.g., SQL, Oracle, R, Python etc.).
Defined project/program requirements to ensure alignment with objectives and determined resource requirements for project completion.
Identified problems and developed potential solutions by generating alternatives where precedents did not exist.
Pinpointed areas of potential security vulnerabilities and generated effective solutions utilizing AGILE project management method under SCRUM process to safeguard and minimize risk.
Developed testing processes standards and methodology, including test cases, automated test scrips.
Performed regression, data integration, and system testing with quality assurance group (QA).
Collaborated with software developers and project managers to ensure test design is compatible with changes to architecture and design.
Provided on-call testing and production support.
Enhanced turn-key core system to incorporate many new functions, viz., new “Welcome Letters,” pre-payment, and other complex financial calculations.
Additional Experience
SOFTWARE DEVELOPER Xcelerate Solutions, Reston, VA CONSULTANT, Allianz, King of Prussia, PA
TEACHING ASSISTANT, Department of Physics,University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, AK Education&Training
Ph.D.in Quantum Information Science 2012
George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Master of Science in Computer Science 1982
Boston University, Boston, MA
Bachelor of Science with Honors in Physics, Minor in Mathematics and Chemistry 1975 Calcutta University, Calcutta, India
Online Professional Development
Quantum Mechanics for Scientists and Engineers (2), Certificate with Distinction, Stanford University Tackling the Challenges of Big Data. Instructors, Professors of MIT Exploring Quantum Mechanics, University of Maryland, College Park Understanding Einstein: The Special Theory of Relativity, Stanford University Introduction to Mathematical Philosophy, Universität München Data Analysis, Johns Hopkins University
Professional Affiliations
Organizer/Founder,Meetup Group of Quantum Computing, Washington, D. C., June 2017– Present
Contact this candidate