Christopher Hull
Phone: 480-***-****
ad6jmj@r.postjobfree.com

Summary:
** ***** ** ********** ** both software and hardware development. 10 years of experience in the Identity and Access Management (IAM) space specializing in Sailpoint Identity IQ. 20 years of experience as a Software, Infrastructure, Solution, and Enterprise Architect. Extensive management, system architecture and software design experience including desktop, server, and web applications, systems programming, GUI interfaces, multi-tier distributed systems on both PC and UNIX/Linux platforms.

Relevant Work Experience:
Hubi Consulting
Data Scientist 1/24-present
Exploring various state of the art AI/ML/DL models for time series analysis. Rigorous mathematical techniques used for evaluation, selection, and optimization. Python, SQL, Kersa, and Tensorflow used.

ElevanceHealth
System Architect. 1/23-12/23
As the architect, I managed the consolidation of two Sailpoint environments into the cloud. Responsible to onboarding 1500 applications into the new instance. Revamped the certifications and certification process. Architected new RBAC/roles program. Sailpoint, Oracle and MySQL were the main technologies used.

Akamai
Associate Director 4/22-5/23
Responsible for directing the team building out Sailpoint implementation to add new applications and features. Major responsibility for overseeing the enhanced workflows for additional functionality and usability. Working with Audit and Compliance department to implement new certification campaigns.

Allianz Life Insurance
IAM Architect 7/20-4/22
Enhancing functionality in the current Sailpoint environment. Decommission the previous Sailpoint version and moving that functionality to the IIQ 8.2 version. Setting up the SuccessFactors API connector. Resolving audit issues. Developing the IAM architecture for future onboarding of new applications into Sailpoint. Being the technical lead for the onshore and offshore development teams.

T-Mobile
Technical Architect 6/19-6/20
Lead technical team on the migration of Oracle Identity Manager (OIM) to new Sailpoint system. Worked with T-mobile/Sprint security teams to insure a smooth Day-1 technical merger of the two companies. Responsible for the overall design and architecture, as well as, hands on work for Okta integration.

Worthington Industries
Sailpoint Consultant 3/19-6/19
New installation of three Sailpoint IIQ environment. Configuring connections to Oracle HRSM, AD, Oracle EBS and JDEdwards. Creating 50 new roles as part of a larger RBAC implementation. Setting up lifecycle events for Joiner, Mover, Leaver, Rehire, Leave of Absence. We are using Sailpoint IIQ, Java, and Oracle.

TJX Corp
Architect 7/18-3/19
Serving as the Security Architect, System Architect and Solution Architect for a team of over 40 developers, analysts and QA personal. Implementing a new enterprise identity and access governance program containing 15 SOX platforms. Developing a state of the art identity life cycle management program which will save the company substantial costs. As our primary tool we are using Sailpoint IIQ, Java.

Sony Pictures Entertainment
Associate Director 2/18-6/18
Acted as Director, and Architect for the Sony upgrade project. Upgraded Sailpoint IIQ from version 6.3 to 7.2. Responsible also for enhancements that were included in the upgrade. Debugging complex technical issues with OpenDJ, ServiceNow and network firewalls. Coordinating multiple teams for a smooth go-live event. This work was done in Sailpoint IIQ and Java.

Progressive Insurance
Sr. Solution Architect 8/17-1/18
Lead the development team for the onboarding new 45 applications and onboarding new users including development of the Joiner, Mover, Leaver, and Provisioning workflows. Added a custom plugin to their Sailpoint 7.1 instance to expand the base functionality. Lead discussions on improving SDLC/Agile processes.

Allstate Insurance.
Associate Director 2/17-8/17
Serving as the Sailpoint architect and SME for the world’s largest IdentityIQ implementation. Upgrading current version from 6.3 to 7.1. Developed new certifications processes, workflows, and enhancements to their existing LCM processes. Involved in a strategic project to enhance and expand the current use of Roles and implement RBAC policy. As well as transitioning the current staff from a Waterfall to Agile SDLC.

Bridgewater
Architect 1/17-3/17
I was involved in developing some of Bridgewater’s strategic technology. NDA prevents further disclosure.

CSAA Insurance
Sr. IAM Engineer 6/16-12/16
Analyzed and developed processes and procedures to implement RBAC companywide. Corrected issues in the current Sailpoint IdentityIQ custom code base. Worked heavily on Role mining and the RBAC rollout to the IT department. Identified Privileged Access Management as the most critical IAM vulnerability and help implement a solution. Worked with the Microsoft FIM/MIM identity management system in a hybrid configuration. Upgraded IdentityIQ from version 6.4 to 7.0. Technologies used Sailpoint IIQ, Tomcat, MS SQL Server, MS FIM/MIM, WebSphere, and Excel.

AthenaHealth
Sr. Sailpoint Consultant 3/16-5/16
Consulted on the design and architecture of a new Sailpoint IdentityIQ 7.0 IAM project. Implemented provisioning for Workday, Active Directory, and Service Now. Wrote customized rules for Provisioning and for Joiner events. Worked on Roles for Employees and Contractors. This work was done in Sailpoint IIQ and Java.

Dignity Health
Sr. IT Security Engineer 11/15-2/16
Acted as the solution architect and subject matter expert for Sailpoint IdentityIQ system. Main focus was on certification and role mining. Customized certification screens and ran different role mining scenarios to determine best Role entitlements groupings. Used Sailpoint IIQ, Java and Excel.

Veterans Administration
Enterprise Architect 9/14-8/15
Providing guidance with their IT infrastructure and architecture. Enhancements to the current identity and access management system. Enabled advanced Role Mining and Engineering capabilities. Implemented integrations with external data sources and service providers and, also, a user certification process. Extensive use was made of TOGAF and FEAF architectural frameworks. Served as the Sailpoint subject matter expert (SME). This development used Sailpoint, CA IdentityMinder, Siteminder, WebLogic, Java and .Net.

Comerica Bank
Sailpoint Architect 3/15-6/15
Acted as the Sailpoint IIQ subject matter expert (SME) for the bank in its implementation of a new Role Based Access Control (RBAC) policy. Setup the automated role mining systems in IdentityIQ to identify base, restricted, and license roles. Worked up the Certification workflows to meet regulatory compliance. Collaborated with the ITIM team to create a transfer mechanism for roles mined and create in IIQ to be executed in ITIM. The systems used were Sailpoint IIQ, Java, Excel, WebSphere, and Linux.

Yale University
Sr. Sailpoint Developer 5/14-7/14
Provided architectural guidance on implementation of new identity and access management system. Roadmapped the retirement of their old identity management system, and designed a new replacement system using Sailpoint IdentityIQ. Designed new rules and modified existing rules inside of IdentityIQ to conform with new business specifications. Sailpoint IdentityIQ was run on a Red Hat Linux system with JBoss middleware. Technology used included Sailpoint, Java, JBoss, Linux, HP Quality Center.

American Express
Technical Architect 9/13-6/14
Consulted on their internal security and user authorization system. Further enhancing the Single Sign-On (SSO) and Sailpoint IIQ Identity and Access Management system to connect more internal systems and offer greater functionality to the end users. Developing and maintaining Sailpoint IIQ Applications, Forms, Workflows, Rules, IntregrationConfig and Tasks. Worked with outside vendors to resolve software issues. We used Sailpoint, Java, Beanshell, WebSphere, Tomcat, and Unix.

Northrop
Aerospace Systems, Advanced Concepts Group
Software Architect 10/12-4/13
Analyzed and designed new platform for Northrop’s Hart advanced warfighting system. Build a new HTML5 video platform for tablets to display drone video and telemetry. Provided cross platform portable software to work on the most popular commercially available tablets and smart phones, Samsung, iPad, iPhones, Android, Windows. This new platform used HTML5, C/C++, Javascript, Mp4, and H264 video.

HRL Laboratories
Data Scientist/Quantitative Researcher/Sr. Engineer 4/12-11/12
Analyzed large databases using Hidden Markov Models (HMM), stochastic calculus, time series analysis, and predictive analytics. Evaluated different domain models for effectiveness in predicting future events. Used machine learning techniques to refine model parameters and reduce prediction error. Designed and developed data source downloading software, and a new research platform for natural language processing, and economic, and social media event analysis. Used Hadoop to implement most of the domain models. Wrote programs to distribute the Big Data sets in HBase for better analysis. Explored new prediction models using Machine Learning, Domain Modeling. Matlab, Java, Hadoop, Mahout, Pig, SVM, Page Rank, Twitter, and Gnip.

Arinc
Sr. Software Engineer 5/11-12/11
Implemented a new train dispatching system for major US and Canada rail companies. This new system will have an upgraded safety system to automatically prevent collisions and derailments. Wrote a web-based real time display that monitored train movement at any station on the route. Written in C/C++, Tcl, Websphere Commerce server, Hibernate, Spring, ICEfaces, Ajax, and Java.

IBM
Infrastructure Engineer 6/08-3/11
Architected, installed, configured and set up IBM’s Maximo Asset Manager. Performed upgrades to older Maximo systems. Administered WebSphere and Weblogic middleware servers for the Maximo application and well as JMS messaging systems and Web Services. Did troubleshooting on system errors and set system parameters for optimum efficiency. Maximo is a Java-based application and part of my duties included modifying the application code to fix defects or enhance base functionality. Technologies used were Maximo, WebSphere Application Server, WebLogic, Java, J2EE, JMS, Oracle, SQL (PL/SQL), Microsoft SQL Server, Ldap, Active Directory, SSO, and Unix shells scripts on Windows, Linux, and Unix.

eInstruction
Sr. Software Engineer 2/08-4/08
Designed and developed the next generation of educational-related software. Upgraded the processes and procedures to enhance quality and time to market. Re-engineered the build and install process to make it more automated and user friendly. This project was done in Java and also using Ant.

LogicalApps
Install Architect 5/06-6/07
Re-architected the install process for LogicalApps. Wrote the necessary scripts to automate as much of the install process as possible. Installed the product onto customer’s Oracle Apps ERP systems. Serviced customer problems and provide ongoing technical support. Technology used include Oracle, PL/SQL, Solaris, Linux, Windows 2003 Server, HP-UX, Agile, Scrum, shell scripts, JUnit and XML.

Direct Alliance
Configuration Manager 3/06-5/06
Built, installed, and maintained the scripts that were used to build and install the application. Supported 6 separate environment used by development, QA, and the SQEs. Also, administered the Mercury tool product suite, subversion, license servers and the development environment. Created Wix install scripts to install server software and dts script to install database updates. Used Nant, InstallShield, Wix, and msi for builds and installs.

Direct Alliance.
QA Engineer 7/05-3/06
My duties included maintaining and improving the core SoA framework of the Activator 2 project. Found and fixed critical defects in both the code and SOA architecture. Also, wrote programs to test components and modules in ways that could not be tested from the normal user interface. Tested the system with load, regression, and performance scripts use the Mercury LoadRunner tool Documented the screens, and screen navigation for the entire project. This work is being done in C# on a .Net platform using Web Services, Soap, and XML.

Outside Experience:

Chess program 2004-present
My intent is to create a world-class chess program using novel theories and algorithms. To study some of the game theoretical aspects of the games and to compete against other chess programs.

Awards:

Excellent Service Award – IBM 2010

Professional Affiliations:

IEEE - Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers 2005-present
ACM - Association for Computing Machinery 2009-present
Los Angeles Java User's Group. Member of the Advisory Council. 2003-2005

Education:

Arizona State University. Graduate Studies: Mathematics.
California Institute of Technology (Caltech). Major: Electrical Engineering and Chemistry.

Knowledge:
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, Unix, AIX.
Software: Machine Learning, TensorFlow, Python, Sailpoint IIQ, Saviynt,OpenCL, OpenMP, MPI, Java, J2EE, Websphere, Weblogic, Hibernate, Spring, Ajax, ICEfaces, Maximo, C/C++/C#, .Net, JavaScript, XML/XSL/XSLT, SOAP, Visual C++, Borland C++, COM, SQL, ODBC, Visual Basic, Corba, HTML, Perl, UNIX Scripting, Pascal, Excel, Lotus 123, MS Word, Quicken, Quickbooks, Spice, Orcad, Tango, VHDL, X Windows/Motif, Mathmatica.
Databases: Oracle, MS SQL Server, MySQL.
Design Experience: IAM systems, Enterprise Architecture, OOP/OOD, Web Services, Client/Server architecture, Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA), N-tier architecture, UML, RationalRose/RUP, Model Driven Architecture (MDA), CMM, Extreme Programming, Database design, Web page design, Graphical interfaces (Windows, Mac, AWT/Swing, X Windows/Motif, Custom), Distributed computing, Device drivers, Real time games, Image processing, Embedded programming.
Contact this candidate