Ronel Solomon E: ad6mt1@r.postjobfree.com T: 510-***-****
L: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ronel-solomon/
ML Engineer/Data Scientist with over 2 years of hands-on experience in machine learning, data analytics, and web development.
Skills
Machine Learning (TensorFlow, scikit-learn, Pytorch), Data Pipeline (Airflow), Data Analysis (Jupyter), Database (MS SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL), Big Data (MongoDB, MapReduce), Spark/Databricks, Data Visualization (PowerBI, Tableau), Programming (Python, C++, Java, Typescript), Natural Language Processing (NLP), Web Development
(Flask), Cloud Platforms (Azure, AWS, GCP), App development (Anvil), Computer Vision (Keras), Sentiment Analysis. Education
University of San Francisco – Master of Science, Data Science June 2024 Machine Learning, Generative AI, Deep Learning, Time series, Spark/Databricks, AWS, Computation for Analytics, Relational and NoSQL Databases, MongoDB, Data Acquisition, Distributed Data Systems, Linear Regression Analysis University of California, Berkeley – Bachelor of Arts, Data Science May 2023 Machine Learning, Applied Data Science, NLP, GCP, Econometrics, Statistics, Data Mining, Probability, Program Structures, Data Structures, Entrepreneurship
Work Experience
Metaphor Data (8 hours per day, 2 days per week) San Francisco, CA ML Engineer Oct 2023 - Present
● Developed a Slack bot using Generative AI (Metaphor AI) and Vector Search indexes, utilizing IM Conversations & notes to retrieve and identify institutional knowledge threads, summarizing 1000+ conversations, and prompting users to save them on Metaphor and create Sentiment Analysis.
● Implemented a Slack API with keyword-matching algorithms, boosting thread engagement and user interaction, leading to a 15% rise in user satisfaction and time. Visa Inc. (8 hours per day, 5 days per week) Austin, Texas Data Analytics and BI Anaylst May - Aug 2022
● Designed data-driven insights by creating dynamic reports to automate Onboarding End User Support Services and streamlined data analysis processes to upload 100+ of new data sets.
● Used MS SQL/Azure/Hive to parse data and produced reports/dashboards using Tableau and PowerBI, in addition to using Splunk, Postman, and ServiceNow. Saved hours for senior leaders.
● Consulting and dashboard presentation while working with different teams and involved in the Global Case Challenge at Visa, developed solutions for real-world problems in rebuilding cities after natural disasters. Colt Technologies Service (8 hours per day, 5 days per week) London, UK Data Scientist May - Sept 2021
● Analyzed feature requests and designed a ML-based prototype on network analytics.
● Built UI to display automatic ML-driven metrics on network bandwidth, throughput, mean bandwidth, data visualizations of traffic, and dynamic characterization of SLA for Colt members saving time.
● Created a front-end web application, using Python/Anvil, allowing the user (COLT) to upload network traffic data files to connect to existing algorithm settings. Projects
GSIT, BI, Austin, TX May - Aug 2022
● Automated the Getting Started in Technology (GSIT) program which tracks completion and registration rates by Cost Center Level hierarchy. Provided actionable metrics to Technology leaders on productivity of new hires. Space Scheduling Report, BI, Austin, TX May - Aug 2022
● Enhanced productivity by 30% with an interactive PowerBI dashboard, analyzed attendance and workday trends for desk space/reservable desks using Condeco Application data Azure Table Storage.
Contact this candidate