Angela Houston
Sumter, South Carolina, United States
ad6m7m@r.postjobfree.com 803-***-****
linkedin.com/in/angelarenahouston
Summary
Solutions-oriented, highly motivated technology professional with ability to leverage extensive training and experience to succeed in a remote Data Analyst role. 10+ years of experience in a variety of technological roles, with wide-ranging education in Computer and Information Science field. 3+ years’ data mining, analysis, and reporting experience, in addition to a developed background in IT and database systems technology. Proven aptitude for self-motivated, remote tasks, with strong organization skills and attention to detail. Demonstrated history of database/data warehouse creation, big data predictive/cognitive conceptual model use, and smart data web applications. Passionate about learning new processes, procedures, and technologies. ORCID: https:// orcid.org/0000-0002-8208-1398
Experience
AI Training for Marketing Expert
Outlier
Feb 2024 - Present (5 months)
In remote role, train AI models by crafting and answering questions related to marketing field, evaluate and rank responses generated by AI systems, and use my domain expertise to assess the factuality and relevance of text produced by AI models. Professional working, writing or research experience in various marketing specialties including marketing research and analytics, consumer behavior, market segmentation and targeting, brand management, integrated marketing communications, digital marketing, marketing strategy and planning, relationship marketing, etc. Excellent attention to detail and ability to maintain consistency in writing and spot errors or inconsistencies. Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English. Familiarity with AI and machine learning concept. Progressive Blended Agent
TTEC
Aug 2023 - Jun 2024 (11 months)
In remote, work-from-home role, receive inbound calls from potential customers to understand their unique insurance needs without cold calling. In a fast-paced environment, educate customers about our products and services, ensuring the best coverage through benefits selling and multitasking, customer service experience, and navigate through multiple computer systems. Maintain active Personal Lines license and received computer equipment and in-depth training. Progressive Service CSR II Agent
TTEC
Mar 2023 - Aug 2023 (6 months)
In remote, work-from-home role, "engaging with consumers who have general inquiries regarding their vehicle insurance policies, and renewal general inquires. Computer Skills are required for this position as agents will maneuver through multiple programs at once.". Angela Houston - page 1
Progressive Outbound CSR I Agent
TTEC
Aug 2022 - Mar 2023 (8 months)
In remote, work-from-home role, "engage with consumers who have general inquiries and payment reminders. Contacts (outbound call) our customer to notify of specific policy status, payment amount due, responds to customer inquiries and answers basic inquiries on customers policies offering excellent service. Call handling may include answering questions from customers regarding coverage, rates, billing, and general policy reviews. Computer Skills.". DRTV NexRep Agent
NexRep, LLC
Aug 2022 - Oct 2022 (3 months)
In remote, work-from-home role, support the sales and promotions of products and services As-Seen- On-TV.
Software Developer 1 / DBA
HeartCentrix Solutions
May 2022 - Jun 2022 (2 months)
In remote, work-from-home role, worked on SSIS ETL data project assignments for the Taylor Morrison 100% REMOTE client.
Data Quality Analyst, Remote
FlashSpread
Sep 2020 - May 2022 (1 year 9 months)
In remote, work-from-home role, provided data assurance support for the FlashSpread cloud-based fintech software solution.
Review data for deficiencies or errors, correct any incompatibilities if possible and check output Insert customer data by inputting text based and numerical information from source documents within time limits.
Compile, verify accuracy and sort information according to priorities to prepare source data for computer entry.
Research and obtain further information for incomplete documents. Apply data program techniques and procedures
Generate reports, store completed work in designated locations and perform backup operations Scan documents and print files, when needed
Keep information confidential
Respond to queries for information and access relevant files Comply with data integrity and security policies
Ensure proper use of office equipment and address any malfunctions. Online Adjunct Instructor - Technology / DevOps
Angela Houston - page 2
Rasmussen University
Jan 2022 - Feb 2022 (2 months)
Teach an Introduction to Analytics Environments online course upon contract assignment in Technology Department using Microsoft Azure DevOps. Leverage strong communication skills to translate complicated processes into clear, concise language and demonstrate them to students via online classroom tools and weekly WebEx Live Classroom Sessions. Assess and mentor students throughout term, reinforcing course’s stated outcomes via feedback and detailed grading practices using Blackboard Ultra and Salesforce. Around the clock schedule. Client Operations Representative (LM Claims Rep and BOA CARES Act Agent) Teleperformance
Mar 2020 - Sep 2020 (7 months)
In remote, work-from-home role, fielded inbound calls for BOA CARES Act PPP Loan Agents Program, assisting customers in PPP Loan issues. Also, onsite LM Claims PM call center representative assisting customers with new and existing claims issues.
Company Quote: We are the worldwide leader in outsourced omnichannel customer experience management. Teleperformance connects the biggest and most respected brands on the planet with their customers by providing customer care, technical support, customer acquisition, digital solutions, analytics, back-office and other specialized services to ensure consistently positive customer interactions. When your customers contact you or vice versa, we are there to support them and make sure they have a unique experience with your brand in all channels. Our people make the difference, and this is one reason why we have devoted ourselves to cultivating growth and motivation in the workplace, to keep pushing our employees in the right direction. We believe in the value of providing the best working environment for the best people, and our reputation as a company that works hard to inspire its employees has been recognized globally. Teleperformance was named a Great Place to Work® in various countries and was included in Forbes’ 50 Most Trustworthy Companies based in Western Europe, as well as in AON Hewitt Global’s Global Best Employers™ Program.
Assurance Guide
Assurance IQ
Sep 2019 - Jan 2020 (5 months)
Assurance Guides earned commission sales by welcoming Inbound customers and directing the Prospect Leads to appropriate Insurance Agents to start a new Insurance Policy or to discuss Insurance Policy options.
Varsity Tutor
Varsity Tutors, a Nerdy Company
May 2019 - Jun 2019 (2 months)
Independent Contractor
Award-Winning Private Tutoring & Test Prep
Personalized Learning Professional Tutoring
50,000+ Clients. 4.9 / 5.0 Rating of Tutoring Sessions Angela Houston - page 3
Software Engineer
Revature
Jan 2019 - Feb 2019 (2 months)
Update: Returning home from the Morgantown, West Virginia training location due to technical issue during my first Project which I would like to return to the Program if I have the opportunity since I have replaced my computer system.
Job Description: Highly trained and efficient software developer to Revature clients in various industries after 10 weeks of Bootcamp Training. Actively work and support projects at various state and federal government agencies and Fortune 500 companies. Build enterprise level applications, innovative and fully performing software in compliance with coding standards and technical design. IBM Cloud Solution Provider
IBM Cloud
Nov 2018 - Dec 2018 (2 months)
Independent Contractor
IBM Cloud Services & Solution Provider Program which my company "Online Workers Company" was approved for membership in IBM PartnerWorld.
Remote Adjunct Professor – Computer Science / Software Development University of Maryland Global Campus
Dec 2016 - Mar 2018 (1 year 4 months)
Teach an Introduction to C Programming Language online course upon contract assignment in the Under Graduate School CMSC/SDEV Department. Leverage strong communication skills to translate complicated processes into clear, concise language and demonstrate them to students via online classroom tools. Assess and mentor students throughout term, reinforcing courses’ stated outcomes via feedback and detailed grading practices. Around the clock schedule. Earned self-actualized 2017 Global Faculty Appreciation Award and Professional Achievement Award. Remote Adjunct Tutor, Software Language – Computer and Information Science
& CMSC
University of Maryland Global Campus
Aug 2013 - Aug 2016 (3 years 1 month)
Tutored computer language course work, utilized the WebEx remote communication and the UMUC Google suite. Earned promotion to Remote Adjunct Professor in recognition of talent and work ethic. Seasonal Customer Service Associate
TTEC
Oct 2012 - Jan 2013 (4 months)
In remote, work-from-home role, fielded inbound calls for Best Buy connectivity project, assisting customers in troubleshooting and other technological issues. Contract Tier 1 Helpdesk Technician
Optimus Corporation (NetStar-1)
Angela Houston - page 4
Apr 2008 - May 2008 (2 months)
Supported a wide variety of customers via ACD VOIP service, resetting Webmail passwords and troubleshooting. Utilized Heat ticketing service to submit escalated requests. Completed Sametime Lotus Notes training course to improve knowledge and better support email requests. Contract Tier 2 Helpdesk Technician
Advanced Technology Systems, Inc.
Jul 2007 - Oct 2007 (4 months)
Provided comprehensive in-person/phone support for users of Microsoft Office Suite, Windows XP, Lotus Notes, and Novell GroupWise, leveraging excellent communication skills, ConsoleOne remote control support, and PC/laptop deskside support. Created new accounts, resent passwords, and submitted user requests through Heat ticketing system. Manned the Help Desk for the Manager as needed and learned to complete GroupWise account requests. Contract Tier 2 Helpdesk Technician
Energy Enterprise Solutions, LLC
Apr 2007 - May 2007 (2 months)
Provided comprehensive in-person/phone support for users of Microsoft Office Suite, Windows XP, and Lotus Notes leveraging excellent communication skills and and PC/laptop deskside support. Created new accounts, resent passwords, and submitted user requests through Notes ticketing system. Contract Tier 1 Helpdesk Technician
Applied Computing Technologies, Inc
Jan 2007 - Mar 2007 (3 months)
Provided comprehensive in-person/phone support for users of Microsoft Office Suite, Windows XP, and Lotus Notes leveraging excellent communication skills and and PC/laptop deskside support. Created new accounts, resent passwords, and submitted user requests through Notes ticketing system. Director of Information Technology Administrative Assistant Express Personnel Services now Express Employment Professionals Oct 2006 - Dec 2006 (3 months)
Assisted Director of Information Technology with office management tasks such as: Submitted managers and employees expense reports, assisted with information gathering for monthly reports, swapped-out server back-up tape, retrieved office mail, sorted monthly invoice reports including supporting documentation. Provided job details to permanent hire. Call Sales Associate
Macy's Montgomery Mall
Aug 2005 - Oct 2006 (1 year 3 months)
On Call Sales Associate responsible for register sales, visual display, and restocking items. Data Security Administrative Assistant
Randstad Digital Americas
Aug 2005 - Jun 2006 (11 months)
Angela Houston - page 5
Added and Updated Unix mainframe database records for new and existing network account requests, created Quick Tickets for documentation and tracking purposes, retrieved faxes from the Data Security's Microsoft Outlook mailbox, and filed data files as needed. Commissioned Sales Associate
Hecht's Montgomery Mall, Ladies Shoes
Jan 2005 - Aug 2005 (8 months)
Responsibilities: Responsible for register sales, visual display, regular point of sale, (POS), updates, corrective labeling, and restocking of ladies shoes. Sales Associate
Belk's Department Store
Nov 2004 - Dec 2004 (2 months)
Temporary Assignment was for store credit promotion. Seasonal Sales responsibilities were for register sales, visual display, regular point of sale, (POS), updates, corrective labeling, and restocking of foot apparel.
Tier 1, Desktop Support Analyst
Marriott Systems Support Center
Feb 2000 - Jan 2004 (4 years)
Responsibilities: Supported over 10,000 PC and laptop End Users via ACD telephone, pcAnywhere remote control, Tivoli remote control, and XP remote control support. Locations Supported: Full Service, Select Services and Extended Stay, Event Booking Centers and Home Office. Submitted User requests via Siebel ticketing system. Operating Systems Supported: Windows XP, Windows 98, Windows 95. Network Supported: Timely, expedited/reported network lags, outages and viruses to LAN Services, Operations and Customer Support, Distributed Systems and Network Management and System Administration, Troubleshot Ethernet connections and Windows Network Configurations, Troubleshot dial-up and virtual private network (VPN) connections, Gathered/Verified security data for network account registrations/updates, Cleared LAN Printer Queues (NT, XP and AS6000 (Unix)), Unlocked, Changed, Reset Network Passwords. Software Supported: Proprietary Software, Marriott Web Applications, MS Outlook 2000 (Email), Internet Explorer McAfee Virus Scanner, Microsoft Office 2000 Professional Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access). User Support Specialist
Onsite Technologies
Aug 1999 - Dec 1999 (5 months)
Responsibilities: Supported over 500 PC and laptop End Users via ACD telephone, desk side, and pcAnywhere remote conrol support. Novell Netware environment. Submitted User Requests via Magic ticketing system.
Help Desk Specialist
Vanstar now Inacom
Dec 1997 - Jul 1999 (1 year 8 months)
Angela Houston - page 6
Responsibilities: Supported over 500 PC and laptop End Users via telephone and pcAnywhere remote control support. Windows NT and 95 environment. Submitted User Requests via Remedy ticketing system.
PC Technician
UMUC Administrative Offices
May 1997 - Dec 1997 (8 months)
Responsibilities: Supported over 500 PC and laptop End Users via telephone and desk side support. Novell Netware, Windows 3.1 to 95 environment.
Secretary I to IV (Senior to Executive Secretary)
Geico Insurance Company
Jan 1992 - Dec 1996 (5 years)
(Also, I worked as a Secretary I for the Claims Department Manager, which required transcription from dictation and filing documents.)
Responsibilities: Diversified Secretary IV administrative duties for the Field Sales Representatives Department and the department's Vice President under minimum supervision, Prepared correspondence using Microsoft Office, WordPerfect 5.1 and Harvard Graphics. Prepared check requisitions for Senior and Junior Management, Occasionally, prepared time entry sheets, Assisted in preparing weekly, monthly quarterly reports, Performed all word-processing and desktop publishing of the yearly business plan, Consistently, routed mail via Airborne Express to 10 Zone Managers throughout the US, Retained and logged Saturday Sales policies sent in by approximately 98 field representatives, Retrieved and sent Vice President's email, Screened incoming calls, opened and prioritized incoming mail.
Education
University of Maryland Global Campus
Master of Science - MS, Data Analytics
2016 - 2019
Apply predictive modeling, decision theory, big data analytics, and data visualization to projects from a range of industries.
Manipulate large data sets using IBM SPSS Modeler, SAS Enterprise Mining, Tableau, R Studio, SQL, and Python among other software applications tools. Manage data analytics projects from conception to delivery. University of Maryland Global Campus
Master of Science - MS, Information Technology Specializing in Database Systems Technology
2012 - 2016
University of Maryland Global Campus
Bachelor of Science - BS, Computer and Information Science / Business Administration
1994 - 2012
Angela Houston - page 7
Advanced Programming in Java, Web Database Development, Introduction to XML, Advanced Technical Writing, Business Ethics, Data Communication, Internet: A Practical Guide, Relational Databases, Customer Service Management, Promotion Management, Advertising Springboard
Online, Self-paced Real World Learning Experience, Data Analytics Career Track 2019 - 2020
The Springboard Data Analytics Career Track curriculum is a combination of 50% carefully selected materials (from sources like Datacamp, Harvard online courses, and more) and 50% projects. This project-based learning experience means you will be job-ready on day 1 of your new job after completing the course. As long as you meet the eligibility criteria, Springboard guarantees that you'll get a job within 6 months of graduating or you will receive a tuition refund. Ashworth College
Correspondence Course Fashion Merchandising Career Diploma 2004 - 2004
Graduated with honors.
Sumter Area Technical College now Central Carolina Technical College Incomplete Associate's degree, Secretarial Science 1986 - 1988
Transferred completed credits to University of Maryland University College (UMUC) in 1994. Licenses & Certifications
HDI: Help Desk Analyst Certification - HDI
CompTIA Network+ Certification - CompTIA
COMP10412928
CompTIA A+ Certification - CompTIA
COMP10412928
Casting360: Video Acting Lessons Certification - Casting360 Foundations in Business Analytics Graduate Certification - University of Maryland Global Campus
Official Honor Society.Org - Honor Society®
CompTIA IT Operations Specialist – CIOS Stackable Certification - CompTIA COMP10412928
Angela Houston - page 8
Fashion Retailing - Ashworth College
Insurance Producer - South Carolina Department of Insurance Issued Aug 2023 - Expires Jul 2026
License No: 20809952
Delta Epsilon Tau Honor Society (Ashworth College (Alpha of Georgia) Chapter)
- The Delta Epsilon Tau International Honor Society Skills
Keying • Spreadsheets • Analytics • Business Insights • Data Analysis • Writing • Marketing • Software Development • Artificial Intelligence (AI) • Sales Honors & Awards
Clarence M. Mitchell Jr. Scholarship - UMUC Graduate School Nov 2013
The Clarence M. Mitchell Jr. Scholarship was established for students with a minimum GPA of 3.0 from UMUC or transfer institution, and demonstrated financial need. Must be a member of an underserved population.
Graduated Fashion Merchandising Career Diploma Program with 4.0 Honors - Ashworth College formerly PCDI, Professional Career Development Institute Apr 2004
Graduated Ashworth College formerly PCDI, Professional Career Development Institute, with 4.0 Honors as a distance student enrolled in Fashion Merchandising Career Diploma Program. 2017 UMUC Global Faculty Appreciation and Awards / Professional Achievement Award Recipient - University of Maryland University College Nov 2017
This award is given to faculty who promote teaching excellence in their classroom. Marriott SSC 2003 HDI Team Excellence Award - HDI
2003
While working at the MSSC from 2000 - 2004, I supported over 10,000 PC and laptop End Users via ACD telephone, pcAnywhere remote control, Tivoli remote control, and XP remote control support. Locations Supported: Full Service, Select Services and Extended Stay, Event Booking Centers and Home Office. Submitted User requests via the Siebel ticketing system. Operating Systems Supported: Windows XP, Windows 98, Windows 95.
2018 Official Honor Society Org Member - Official Honor Society Org Member Apr 2018
Angela Houston - page 9
It is an honor to include this association in my LinkedIn Profile, which I was inducted into the Honor Society org during my UMUC GSMT Data Analytics, DA, attendance. "Membership recognizes your achievements, and furthers your opportunities."
5 Years of Service Anniversary - UMUC, University of Maryland University College Jul 2018
UMUC Best in Class 5 Years of Service Anniversary
Angela Houston - page 10
Contact this candidate