SEEMA BHANDARI
859-***-****, ad6tfq@r.postjobfree.com, Atlanta, GA, US Citizen

Objective:
Dynamic, dedicated, motivated, and detail- oriented data scientist with a strong foundation in healthcare data science and a proficiency in Python. Seeking to leverage expertise in Healthcare Data Science, where I can apply my knowledge in Python, Healthcare Analytics, Electronic Medical Records (EMR), LIS, LIMS, and data science methodologies to drive impactful insights and solutions for contributing to impactful projects.

Professional Experience:
Data Scientist - American Health Associates, 2018-Current
Developed predictive models using Python for healthcare analytics.
Collaborated with medical professionals to enhance patient outcomes.
Analyzed healthcare data and EMRs to identify trends and communicate insights.
Conducted data quality assessments and cleaning processes.
Created visualizations to communicate insights.
Managed and integrated lab data into analytics platforms.
Designed reports and performed data analysis for strategic sourcing

Data Analyst - Quest Diagnostics, 2016-2017
Managed data from medical labs and integrated it into analytics platforms.
Conducted data quality assessments and cleaning processes.
Created visualizations to communicate insights to stakeholders.

Data Science, Analyst - Gwinnett Medical Center, 2015
Assisted in the implementation of Laboratory Information Systems (LIS) and Laboratory Information Management Systems (LIMS).
Conducted data analysis and contributed to research projects in healthcare.

Lab Analyst
ARH Morgan County Hospital, 2013-2014
Assisted in the implementation of Laboratory Information Systems (LIS) and Laboratory Information Management Systems (LIMS).
Conducted data analysis to identify trends and business problems

Skills:
•Healthcare Data Science
•Data Analytics & Data Visualization
•Electronic Medical Records (EMR), LIS & LIMS
•Ms Office including Ms Excel & Tableau
•Python for Data Science
•Statistical Analysis & Predictive Modeling
•Machine Learning and AI

Education:
MBA in Healthcare (Focus- Information System), Graduated 2018 – American Sentinel University
BS in Medical Laboratory Science, Graduated 2012 – Eastern Kentucky University

Certifications:
Applied Data Science with Python - Maven, 2024
Applied Data Science with Python - Simplilearn, 2024
Project Management - Simplilearn, 2022
Contact this candidate