Rahul Pandey
Boston, MA - ***** +1-857-***-****
ad6uqz@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/rahul-pandeyrp Github Education
•
Northeastern University, Khoury College of Computer Sciences Boston, USA Master of Science - Data Science - 3.8 GPA Jan 2022 - April 2024
•
Bhilai Institute of Technology Durg, IND
Bachelor of Engineering - Computer Science and Engineering July 2014 - May 2018 Technical Skills
• Languages: Python, R, SQL, Java
• Cloud Services: Docker, AWS, Azure ML Studio,Airflow
• ETL AND BI Tools: Tableau, Power BI, Informatica,Snowflake
• Machine Learning: NLP, Clustering,Regression,Neural Network,Classification
• Statistical Analysis: Hypothesis Testing, Regression Analysis, Time Series Analysis
• Tools/Frameworks: Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch, Numpy, Pandas, PySpark Professional Experience
•
The Hanover Insurance Group Worcester, MA
Data Scientist Jan 2023 - Sept 2023
Data and Buisness Analysis:
Analysed and identified discrepancies in claims data through iterative EDA techniques, resulting in saving $3,000 annually.
Leveraged geospatial analysis of Demographics data, encompassing 40,000 zip codes to identify location-based risk.
Identified key neighboring flag features for general losses and large losses(100,000$) for underwriting risk assessment.
Pioneered Python coding within the team, creating a foundational codebase for data preprocessing and visualization.
Predective and Statistical Analysis:
Utilized p-values to predict the relevance of flag features on the probability of generated claims, achieving a 95% accuracy.
Applied predictive analytics methodologies such as XGBOOST and GLM to forecast future losses in conjunction with NAICS codes, facilitating strategic decision-making with accuracy surpassing 90%.
Automated claim cause categorization using an advanced NLP pipeline leveraging BERT Transformer model,leading to a notable 16% decrease in manual effort while enhancing efficiency and accuracy.
Data Visualization,Reporting and Presentation:
Wrote complex SQL queries sourcing from 3 different schemas to create comprehensive data tables for in-depth analysis.
Developed a visualization driven report for VPs to analyze the distribution of claims across 46 States, specifically to compare trends between urban and rural regions.Utilized PowerBI and Python libraries for data processing and visualizations.
Championed project by presenting to business leadership team, receiving acclaim and approval for ongoing development.
•
Capgemini Technology Services(Client -HSBC) Bengaluru, IND Data Scientist Mar 2021 - Jan-2022
Fraud Analytics and Machine Learning:
Migrated a traditional rule-based SQL-driven risk model to a state-of-the-art machine learning, cloud-based end-to-end fraud detection system, resulting in a 25% increase in fraud detection accuracy.
Developed a Fraud Inference model and feature store that reduced fraudulent transactions by 25% within the first year.
Engineered and automated the transformation of 15 batch features, along with real-time data stream.
Designed and Deployed an end-to-end fraud detection system on AWS, utilizing services like S3, AFD, and SageMaker.Achieved a 43% increase in precision rate with the potential to save 500,000$ annually.
Leveraged K-means clustering to identify distinct patterns associated with fraudulent behaviors and delinquency groupings.
•
Capgemini Technology Services Bengaluru, IND
Senior Data Analyst Apr 2019 - Mar-2021
Buisness Intelligence and Reporting:
Achieved 15% cost reduction by migrating 20 complex SAP BO workbooks to Tableau, enhancing UI and storage.
Improved rendering and loading time of data by approximately 13% by leveraging data pipelines for transporting and storing 1.8 billion rows by leveraging Informatica Lifecycle (ILM)
Developed and executed complex SQL queries(over 500 lines) on Tableau back-end SQL Engine and SAP WebI to create detailed and actionable reports.
Resolved performance bottlenecks in SQL queries and 50 Tableau Reports, ensuring timely delivery of the project.
Fixed over 100 bugs and assisted in thorough testing in both Integration (SIT) and User Acceptance (UAT) environments to ensure data accuracy. Additionally, created documentation for maintenance and knowledge sharing.
Developed and deployed early warnings dashboard to analyze Financial risk Indicators, which was used by 3 seperate teams.
Communication and Leadership:
Collaborated with 20+ stakeholders to translate reporting requirements into Tableau Reports and Dashboards.
Conducted Tableau Desktop certification workshops for a cohort of 40 participants, facilitating skill enhancement.
•
Capgemini Technology Services Bengaluru, IND
Data Analyst Aug 2018 - Apr 2019
Extensively worked with multiple databases, including Oracle and ILM, to generate 3 ad-hoc and BI reports.
Reduced manual work by 32% by integrating RMG’s monthly Excel reports into Tableau for streamlined reporting.
Collaborated with the leadership(VP) to develop a voice assisted chat-bot resulting in renewal worth of $50,000 annualy.
Contact this candidate