Ram Sharma
Phone: +1-469-***-**** • ad7aow@r.postjobfree.com
Expert level data analyst bringing out actionable insights from a large datasets on cloud. Join datasets to support the leadership in decision making process and storytelling through visualization. Remarkable experience in the healthcare industry.
Proficient in SQL, Alteryx, Tableau, Power BI, Data cleansing & transformation, Dashboard Design using Teradata, Oracle, Google Bigquery and AWS clouds. Vast experience on healthcare, finance and wireless industry data. Collaborative approach to work with cross functional teams like customer service, engineering, sales, marketing, finance, operations, compliance, governance and legal teams. EDUCATION
● MBA - Finance from State University of New York. BSEE from the National Institute of Technology (MNIT).
● Certified Alteryx Core designer. Expert at Tableau and Power BI.
● Vast experience in Microsoft office tools like word, excel, and PowerPoint. CORE SKILLS
SQL Queries • Tableau • Google BigQuery
Alteryx • ETL & Wrangling • Amazon AWS
ArcGIS& QGIS • Data Studio • MapInfo
Power BI • Teradata • Oracle & MS Azure
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
1. Bravo Wellness Cleveland, OH 3 Yrs
Sr. Data Analyst (contract) Jan’22 - current
● Extracted, cleaned and transformed the data from multiple sources on Amazon S3 and AWS.
● Wrote advanced SQL queries by marrying heterogeneous datasets to bring out comprehensive insights..
● Support customers and account executives via impressive Tableau dashboards to glean through the Wellness scores and root cause behind bad measurements.
● Built multiple dashboards for clients health vital KPIs like BMI, BP, A1C, LDL, HDL, Triglycerides etc.
● Enhance participants' analytics by joining with Census population and geospatial analysis for income groups.
● Wrote and improved multiple SQL queries to compute financial data to pay incentives to eligible participants..
● Time-trend analysis and pattern recognition by correlation metrics.
● Built efficient Alteryx workflows for data mining, cleaning and transformation.
● Designed live dashboards for operations, sales, performance, and customer engagement.
● Calculate and visualize percentiles, mean, mode and median values of population with health statistics. 2. VERIZON WIRELESS INC. Westlake, TX 6 Yrs
Data Analyst - AI&D May’15 - Dec’21
● Prepared network real estate data workflows to save money on a multi-year leasing program for towers.
● Generate insights and present findings to senior management using data visualization and presentation.
● SME over crowd sourced data like Ookla, Tutela, Nielsen, JD Power awards.
● Wore SQL queries to support ad hoc analyses.
● Plotting various charts with interactive data analytics using Tableau.
● Charts: Scatter plot, ice cone, CDF function, Gaussian bell curve, bar, pie, bubble, Gantt chart, etc.
● Generate insights and present findings to senior management using data visualization and presentation.
● Support ad hoc analyses and reports needed for business decisions, planning, and execution.
● Developed social marketing budget allocation based on demography, income, competitive intelligence, etc.
● Examined and solved critical business data by identifying, cleaning, and providing analysis and insights. 3. Baylor Healthcare Dallas, TX 3 Yrs
Statistician (Contract) Apr’12 - Apr’15
● Baylor Healthcare: Worked with a team of RDs and Doctors to collect experimental data, optimize and prepare data for analysis, and then deliver scales for volume-based feeding for patients under critical care.
● UT Southwestern medical center: Worked on survey-based collected data and came out with a model to scale nutrition data into Heart-score. Handled clinical data entry into EPIC.
● Analysis of patient data to develop volume-based feeding of TPN for RD’s in Baylor Medical Grapevine.
● Formulated rate of fluid based on patient age, weight, and health conditions. Entered data in the EPIC system and exported reports.
● Delivered MyHeartScore rating algorithm based on carb and fat contents for UT Southwestern Medical, Dallas. Worked in a lab testing environment in an R&D setting. 4. ERICSSON INC. USA Atlanta, GA 5 Yrs
Lead – RF Design, Performance & Optimization Apr’10 - Mar’12 Worked with multiple cross-teams of over 50 engineers to successfully roll out 3rd, 4th & 5th carriers for AT&T. Completed LTE parameters and feature trials. Knowledge of IMS core and VoLTE call flow.
● POC for Southeast markets on behalf of Ericsson for all pre-launch activities.
● Identify business drivers, opportunities, and general performance, and present analyses to stakeholders
● Quick turnaround to customer queries and concerns. Change management and updated project charter. 5. T-MOBILE INC. New York, NY & Atlanta, GA 5 Yrs
Lead Engineer – Design, Optimization Nov’04 - Apr’10 Obtain quantitative and qualitative data on business processes to analyze, determine and promote data-driven decisions Lead
● Analyze and evaluate competitor data and industry trends to understand current business unit competitive posture
● Identify and assess business strategies and opportunities, develop appropriate analytical approaches Broad Latitude
● Collect and analyze data, synthesize results of analyses, develop and make recommendations and alternatives based on the full spectrum of internal/external considerations. 6. ERICSSON INC. USA Consultant - Projects 10 Yrs
1: Successfully launched Cingular Chicago Market under GSM Overlay Genesis Project 2: Network Capacity Expansion and New Site Design Project for Indianapolis and Atlanta Market. 3: Successful Conditional Acceptance, DCR_1.5 drive, Network Expansion for San Antonio, TX market. VOLUNTEERING
● A regular volunteer at North Texas Food Bank for collection, delivery, and distribution.
● Technical education session with Frisco ISD and Carroll ISD to high school students about Wireless Technologies.
Contact this candidate