Carol Jiao
U.S: 1+972-***-**** ■ Seattle, WA ****5 ■ ad7e6p@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Farmers Insurance Group. Seattle WA 2020 - present Data Scientist III
Developed mathematical model for actuaries in the statistician system for calculating insurance policies premium and quotes, finding maxima using complex mathematics.
Improved online sales by 20%, impacting about 7 million customers by designing solutions in Python on the APEX Salesforce platform and creating 10 data visualizations for the Chief Data Officer.
Deployed models using seven predictive modeling techniques such as decision trees in Python for MetLife U.S. Eastern auto and home insurance.
Conducted clustering for customer segmentation analysis, building a recommendation system that increased paid search advertising, social media click rates, email advertising, and digital advertising for Farmers..
Utilized NLP packages in Pytorch and NLTK for analyzing corpus, bag of words, raw text, topic modeling, and LDA algorithms for normalizing client feedback.
Deployed AI models on the DataRobot platform, simplifying model management and enhancing data utilization.
Streamlined and rationalized the Data Science Enablement process for data scientists and data analysts using SQL.
Predictive Analysis for time based data on F1 score, precision, recall, and ROC AUC line better training on the customer data.
Developed recommendation systems using Scikit-Surprise, training models to optimize RMSE for item-based and user-based collaborative filtering, linear regression, and market cluster classification.
Created Cloud University program to upskill Data Scientists in machine learning and shared new technologies within Farmers. AMAZON COM INC. 2016 –2020
Data Scientist in Finance Seattle WA.
Certified in AWS Cloud and as a Data Scientist, with experience in deploying machine learning models using XGBoost and K-means for customer segmentation analysis.
Managed 26 infrastructure locations with production expenses up to $2.6 billion, reporting to VP and executives.
Supported cross-functional teams, including infrastructure engineers and network engineers, for internal clients in production.
Successfully managed the financial data system (TM1), SAP in production for EC2 revenue data, including an end-to-end ETL process and Amazon redshift complex database system. Nelson Global Product.
Process Analyst, Peoria, IL 2015 –2016
Gained hands-on experience as a production engineer, overseeing and controlling heavy metal manufacturing processes with a deep understanding of the production process.
Planned capacity and evaluated costs for two manufacturing plants in Illinois, supporting 500 employees and providing air and fluid metal tubing for customers including Komatsu and Caterpillar.
Provided data engineering and analysis for the internal production model for the entire production cycle by using SQL, Excel.
EDUCATION
North Seattle College, BS Computer Science (Linux, Java, SQL, Algorithm) 2024 University of Washington, Engineering Physics, Engineering Statistics Course (Calculus applied) 2023 University of Maryland – College Park Master of Statistics & Financial Engineering 2015 University of Maryland University College, B.S in Accounting. 2011 CERTIFICATION
• Amazon Certified Machine Learning – Specialty, Azure Certified Data Scientist, AWS Solution Architect.
• Computer Skills: Linux, Python, Java, C++, R, AWS Sagemaker, TensorFlow, Scikit Learn, Elastic MapReduce (EMR), IBM DB2, Hadoop, Hive SQL, Pyspark, Power BI, Deep Learning, Docker, Presto, IBM DB2, Snowflake. Advanced Excel modelling.
Contact this candidate