CORNELIUS HUBBARD
Parkville, MD *****
773-***-**** - ad7jma@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Data Scientist: Current serving in an equivalent GS-13 level as an SME-IV with an Active Secret Security Clearance. A highly analytical team player with excellent multitasking abilities and a flexible approach to managing competing priorities. Enthusiastic about learning more about planning, programming, budget, and execution in larger environments. Two years’ experience in Hadoop, MapReduce Apache & Spark, and building Hive tables in Beeline, 7 years programming experience in SQL. My experience in R, and Python for ML/AI is 3 years. I also have 3 years’ experience in SAS JMP. Project management using Agile methodology and experience in private, public, and not-for-profit environments as an analyst totaling about 10 years. Experience as a Business Analyst provides documentation of business and functional requirements for software and hardware implementations. Diverse expertise spans needs’ assessment, data mining, data visualization, data modeling, and report development. Completed Certificate in Financial Management from Johns Hopkins Carey School of Business. Collaborative work in large DoD organization doing analysis of execution data within HQDA G8 PA&E.

Skills
Business Requirements
Data Synthesizing
Applied Statistics
Intelligence Gathering
Data Operations
Text Mining
Organizational Management
Continuous Improvement Process
Model Development
Unsupervised Learning

Data and Analytics
Regression Algorithms
Statistical Analysis
Data Mining Proficiency
Decision Trees
Project Milestones
Time Series Forecasting
Advanced Financial Analysis
Jupyter Notebook
Unstructured Data

Work History
04/2023 to Present

10/210/2021 to 10/2022
Subject Matter Expert IV (Program Analyst)
Aeyon – Arlington, VA
Supporting HQDA Program Analysis and Evaluation Division Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff, G-8, PA&E, PDD
Training and analysis of Data Management systems Vantage and Advana for Army Planning, Programming, Budgeting and Execution for Budget Estimate Submission Program Objective Memorandum.
Data Exploration, Cleaning, Manipulate, Describe, Summarize, Visualize and Analyze using R, some Python, Power BI, and Tableau
Active Secret Clearance

Data Scientist
DigiTran Technologies Inc – Woodlawn, MD
Supporting Social Security Administration
Extracted and assessed data from databases to drive improvement of product development and business strategies and processes.
Compiled, cleaned, and manipulated data for proper handling.
Supporting large-scale ETL projects to move legacy data from the mainframe to Hadoop Cluster and connect end-users to the existing user interface by transforming and loading JSON objects into Hive tables.
Investigation of legacy systems that are prime for migration to updated platforms.
Maintained Public Trust Clearance

0 08/2016 to 10/2021
Associate Director of Analytics
Johns Hopkins University – Baltimore, MD
Development and Alumni Relations
Most recent project: Created a Machine Learning Partition Model for Grateful Patient Giving Probabilities at Annual and Major Giving Levels
I have experience with model creation, model validation, and production of insights institution-wide using R, SAS, and SPSS
Reverse Engineered Scoring Models for Alumni giving.
Binomial Logistic Regression to produce scores and probabilities for donors using SPSS and SAS
Building dashboards and visualizations in Tableau Desktop and Tableau Server version 10
Completing projects is AGILE Sprints with documentation using Atlassian Jira & Confluence.
Develop methodologies for automated analysis and reporting in R, SAS, & SPSS
Prepare and deliver reports in presentation format before VP and Director level officials.
Monitor and score data quality from a variety of sources.
Develop new and improved existing predictive data models.
Completed, Leadership in Analytics and Data Science (LEADS) is a data stewardship leadership program for analysts hosted by the Technology Innovation Center in partnership with the Johns Hopkins Medicine Data Trust
LEADS builds knowledge in theories and methodologies related to healthcare data compilation, analysis, and utilization.
LEADS cultivate analytic leadership by introducing innovative technologies and offering the experience of community and growth

02/2016 to 07/2016
Sr. Data Specialist
Allovue – Baltimore, MD
Data Mining at a Start-up Company
Position designed to be the point person for data implementation into proprietary dashboards marketed to public school districts nationwide.
Analyze customers' charts of accounts for Extraction, Transforming, and Loading (ETL) of data for daily batch downloads.
Communicated with development and customer success teams to ensure a smooth transition to proprietary, cloud-based software.
Utilized open-sourced R language for the ETL process.

10/2014 to 01/2016
Decision Scientist
Meetings & Events International – Chicago, IL
Provide data-driven solutions to proven and growing global businesses.
Build value through the improvement of data management practices, data expression, and customer experiences.
Through close collaboration with IS professionals and business teams in the life science marketplace, I capture, measure, optimize, and refine pharmaceutical, biotech, and nutritional companies, data into actionable intelligence for decision making.
Data Analysis using a variety of modeling frameworks that include but are not limited to.
Linear regression, logistic regression, ANOVA, clustering, and association modeling
Experience using R, SPSS, SAS, and Python for data analysis.
Data Mining Data Loading, transformation, and extraction using R.
One year in MapReduce, Hadoop, Pig, Hive & Spark exposure.

09/2013-09/2014
Data / Business Analyst
Adroit Software – Chicago, IL
Supporting Walgreens Corporate Offices Space Management Division
Partners with store operations, supply chain, merchandise planning, suppliers, and third-party vendors to develop, execute, and deliver go-forward category strategies using JDA for retail floor & shelf planning.
Supports the development of item level and presentation strategy for all reset and revision events.
Asked to play a key role in a $10M upgrade to a centralized planogram program by creating strategic and operational cluster analyses by category across 8,000 stores.
Analyze the impact of promotions, seasonality, and sales trends to assure the achievement of sales, profit, and penetration goals.
Proactively conceived, designed, and delivered automated processes to track the status of requests from analysts to the Innovation Center (mock stores)
Enabled improved standardized reporting on resource utilization and scheduling, substantially reducing staff time requirements as well as data capture errors.
Provide analytic insights to designers that incorporate/leverage competitive benchmarking, current and future-looking analyses, assortment recommendations, markdown, forecasting, store labor impact, and consumer-centric principles to promote sales through optimized and targeted planograms.
Ad-hoc reporting utilizing Tableau for visualization.
Space Management experience with the tool "JDA" with the following:
Macro Space Planning - Floor Planning (store traffic optimization) - creating fixtures on CAD drawings, some merchandising.
Micro Space Planning - Space Planning (product & shelf optimization) - importing images of products to Planogram Library
Data Manager - IKB (Intactix Knowledge Base) - Additions, Deletions, and Dimension Changes

07/2012 to 09/2013
Programmer / Developer
COOK COUNTY ASSESSOR'S OFFICE, CCAO – Chicago, IL
Provided full System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) solutions to enable CCAO to set fair and accurate values for 1.8M property parcels.
Collaborated with users to define needs and program requirements.
Designed and reviewed program specifications, writing technical documentation, and customized/implemented applications and systems for user departments.
Tested applications and systems, provided maintenance, software changes, and enhancements.
Used MS Project for scheduling and resource allocation.
Enabled expedited, timely issuance of tax bills, decreasing turnaround time from 18 months to 10 months (44%)
Utilized SSRS, SSAS, and SSDT for database management and report generation.
Data mining of the AS-400 database

07/2009 to 03/2010
Business Analyst Intern
United Way Metropolitan – Chicago, Illinois (IL)
Chicago (UWMC)
Project-managed creation of dozens of customized, web-based pledging sites for fundraising campaigns
Developed and managed database objects, created internal/external reports, and authored customer training.
Served as a Member of the Board of Directors in roles as Financial Manager, Secretary, and volunteer for the Events Committee
Established KPIs based on accounting ratios to track productivity, prepare financial reports, and upgraded technology.
Used both qualitative and quantitative analysis techniques frequently.
Collaborated on readiness and acceptance tests and verified programming changes made met the client's needs.

01/2009 to 07/2012
CEO/Business Development Manager
COCECO BUSINESS SOLUTIONS INC – Chicago, IL
Launched a consultative sales firm that marketed digital-out-of-the-home (DOOH) Advertising Signage to small businesses and organizations primarily communicating with static poster boards to 21st-century digital methods.
Leveraged networking and cold call techniques to close sales with 33% of prospects.
Secured Robert Morris University, physician's office, and nonprofit organization as clients.
Evaluated client needs to develop technical and financial solutions.

09/2003 to 06/2009
Data & Telephony Analyst
HARRIS & HARRIS LTD – Chicago, IL

Trained all incoming collectors and established personalized benchmarks for success.
Coached retail collection team to group goals
Analyzed payments process (received and remitted) for the largest account.
Personally collected over $900k gross in one year
Responsible for ongoing analysis of JH constituent information for leveraging data to form fundamental insights into donor giving.
Perform complex data analysis in support of ad-hoc and standing reporting.

Provided Help Desk support within a 200-person call center for the collection agency and law firm specializing in retail and bank credit cards, energy, medical, and government debt.
Conducted troubleshooting, including system crashes, slow-downs, and data recoveries call flow optimization.
Handled 10+ Priority 1 (mission-critical) issues, with responsibility for timely documentation, escalation (if appropriate), resolution, and closure of tickets.
Exceeded issue-resolution targets, achieved exemplary customer satisfaction scores, consistently scoring between 95%-100% on all calls (outperforming the average of 90%)
Researched/developed tracking and accounting system for processing payments received by banks with daily remittance to the largest client (averaging $15-$50k from credit card, check, and walk-in collections)
Reconciled > $60M annually to the penny.
As an automated Dialer Administrator, I used SQL Statements to data-mine and recall account KPIs from a server and prepare monthly executive reports for the previous day's call activity.
Received encrypted client FTP files, decrypted, and loaded files for collections, and encrypted remittance FTP files back to clients

Integration Trainer, Collections Supervisor / Team Lead, Collector
oApplied strong leadership talents and problem-solving skills to maintain team efficiency and organize workflows.
oCreated successful work schedules for each team member to maintain deadlines and fully staffed shifts.
oQuickly adapted training plans for client needs, keeping timelines, budgets, and desires in mind.
oUsed scripted conversation prompts to convey current account information and obtain payments.

10/1987 to 05/1992
98C10, Signal Intelligence Analyst
US ARMY – Augsburg, Germany
Military Experience
Military Intelligence 98C10, CO C 344TH MI BN 112TH MI BDE
Performed the wartime mission of daily electronic collection and analysis of foreign communications.
Won Army Achievement Medals (three)
Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Service Medal, NCO Professional Development Ribbon, Army Service Ribbon, Overseas Service Ribbon, Expert Badge Rifle, Army Superior Unit Award
Battalion's Soldier of the Quarter (twice, plus runner-up twice)

Education
2015
MASTER OF SCIENCE: ANALYTICS, Analytics
UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - Chicago, IL

2012
MASTER INFORMATION: SYSTEMS, Information System
ROBERT MORRIS UNIVERSITY - Chicago, IL

2008
BA: Organizational Development & Leadership
LOYOLA UNIVERSITY CHICAGO - Chicago, IL

Certificates

EXECUTIVE CERTIFICATE IN FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT SEPT 2019
JOHNS HOPKINS CAREY BUSINESS SCHOOL

EXECUTIVE DATA SCIENCE SPECIALIZATION 2018
COURSERA COURSE CERTIFICATE
Coursera - Online
CREDENTIAL ID: PFLUSWT56EMA URL:HTTPS://WWW.COURSERA.ORG/ACCOUNT/ACCOMPLISHMENTS/SPECIALIZATION/PFLUSWT56EMA
Contact this candidate