Steven M. Rollins
Leesburg, GA 229-***-**** ad7lye@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/steven-m-38355746/
(Owner) Rollins Enterprises LLC (Cage Number: 9HSH5) Registered federal government contractor for mathematical, statistical and data analysis services. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Driver January 2024 to Current
Five Star Albany, GA
• Drive cars, for delivery to various 5 Start dealerships. Local or long distance Sales Professional July 2023 to January 2024
Five Star Nissan of Abany Albany, GA
• Sell New and Used cars to customers.
• Perform other duties such as phone calls, e-mail, and text messages to potential customers. Senior Systems Analyst (USMC Albany - Gov’t. Contractor) May 2021 to May 2022 Unity Technology LLC Frederick, MA
● Created algorithms necessary to develop a Gross Demand Planning (GDP) tool aimed at forecasting the quantity and approximate procurement time for required repair parts based upon a proposed schedule, replacement factors algorithm and 3-year procurement history. Used excel VBA and SQL to perform the work. Management Analyst (USMC Albany - Gov’t. Contractor) 11/2018 to 03/2019 Acquisition Experts LLC Mechanicsville, VA
● Re-engineered a Microsoft Access database to an Oracle database application using SQL and Excel VBA. Ingested USMC Logistics ERP (GCSS-MC) data to conduct analysis and create reports.
● Created data validation rules to identify data anomalies/errors and improve accuracy of data reporting. Marine Corps Logistics Command 9/2002 to 5/2018
Operations Research Analyst GS-1515-13 (retired) Albany, GA
● Created an algorithm (DRACUM) to target optimal funding requirements for USMC Logistics Command Headquarters by encompassing the quantity of assets on-hand by type, repair state/condition of assets, the criticality of each asset type, and repair cost estimate. Outcome of DRACUM generates an optimal repair mix and number of each item.
● Developed a mathematical forecasting algorithm for the Marine Demand Forecasting Tool (MDFT) to select one of 15 forecasting methodologies, as well as wrote the forecasting methodologies, depending on needs assessment for the number of items of each type will be brought into the maintenance depot for repair. Slashed backorders by over 50% for ground equipment with developed Marine Demand Forecasting tools using Sherbrooke methodology. Primarily for spare parts to be used on Principle End Items.
● Facilitated analysis to pinpoint optimal storage options for weapons and electronic gear within a storage warehouse. By development of Analysis methodology and database to support the analysis.
● Maximized potential for supplies for a Marine Expeditionary Unit (MEU) with minimal backorders and costs with a GENPAK methodology.
● Devised and implemented a statistical process control automation using R and R-Shiny for the maintenance center to keep track of equipment being repaired and materials to be used for those repairs.
● Led strategies (process to evaluate and determined what data is needed) to create storage and usage options for the Marine Corps at sea.
● Created a training program for new operations research analysts encompassing SQL, probability theory, statistics, linear programming, VBA for application, and Microsoft Excel.
● Developed a variety of tools for Logistics Command, including mathematical forecasting algorithms, statistical tools for analysis, and a dimension reduction algorithm.
Adjunct Math Instructor 1/2003 to 5/2010
Darton College Albany, GA
Resume of Steven M. Rollins
2 Page
● Organized and presented various curriculum concepts to a wide range of students with varying backgrounds and abilities. Handled problem solving, decision making, and conflict resolution.
● Established good working relationships with colleagues, students, staff, administrators, and other stakeholders.
● Created curriculum and taught Intermediate level College Algebra, Statistics, and Quantitative Reasoning. Mathematician DP-3 12/1989 to 8/2002
Naval Air Warfare Center – Weapons Division China Lake, CA
● Spike Launch Safety Test Lead, responsible for the performance of the Spike missile launch safety test in both static and dynamic situations. Spike is a man portable shoulder launched guided missile system.
● Lead Survivability Analyst for Multi-Mission Maritime Aircraft (MMA), I planned the endgame analysis process for the purpose of defining the system performance of the MMA against several hostile threat systems.
● Division Statistician, I conducted statistical studies for various projects. I evaluated data and statistical methodologies of interest to the U.S. Navy and the U.S. Government. These projects included AIM-9X, AIM-9M, JSF, JSIM, MCFAULT and JSOW.
● Branch Head of the Aircraft Survivability Branch. A Branch that contained 50 scientists and engineers.
● I managed a diverse team of professional and technical personnel, developing and implementing plans to perform survivability requirements analysis and translate system operational requirements into system survivability goals, requirements, and specifications.
● Represented the Branch on several projects including Joint Strike Fighter (JSF).
● Project Consultant for the Optimal Asset Allocation Project. I developed the methodology to perform the function of an Optimal Asset Allocator and how it would interface with mission planning systems.
● Project Lead for the Optimal Asset Allocation Project, I managed a diverse team of professional and technical personnel, developing the project plan and budget. I also taught optimization techniques directly related to this project. I developed the methodology to perform the function of an Optimal Asset Allocator and how it would interface with mission planning systems.
● Deputy Project Manager for the Warrior Project. The Warrior Project was an Advanced Technology Demonstration (ATD) project. I developed a team of engineers, physicists and mathematicians to develop a 6.3 project, funded by the Office of Naval Research. This included POAMs, goals, strategies along with technical lead on various aspects of the project. I formulated project methodologies, planning workload, and formulated budgets.
● One year tour with the Office of Naval Research, Washington D.C. I represented the Office of Naval Research at specified meetings, provided material for briefings, aided in the evaluation of Advanced Technology Demonstration (ATD) proposals, coordinated activities of several agencies in meeting specific goals, evaluated statistical studies, provided responses to specific questions from Congressional committees, and conducted administrative tasks as assigned.
● Developed the methodology used on the project that I led for Adaptive Mission Control, in fuzzy logic control system for advanced mission planning systems. I directed the modification of an automated route planner, arranged, and coordinated the production and delivery of a resource allocator.
● The Lead End Game Analyst for Tacit Rainbow, I was responsible for planning, organizing, directing, problem solving, and briefing presentations. I also designed and developed a quick, accurate and efficient probability of kill methodology. Lead the analysis of fuse systems, optimal dive angles, probability of kill for flight test, radar measurements, and survivability studies. EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS
Master of Science in Math – Operations Research, New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology, Socorro, New Mexico Thesis: Multivariate Statistics
June 1984 – Dec 1986
Bachelor of Science in Math, University of Iowa, Iowa City, Iowa Honors in Mathematical Science
Aug 1980-July 1982
Associate of Science in Math, Muscatine Community College, Muscatine, Iowa Aug 1979 – May 1980
Resume of Steven M. Rollins
3 Page
MILITARY
USAF Active Duty and Reserves
Army National Guard and Reserves
Licenses
Amateur Radio KI4ZFF
Georgia State Life Insurance 3624124
Georgia Drivers License 050331644 expires 03/01/2025
Contact this candidate