ROBERT E. BEZVERKOV

**** ***** ****** ***** ****: 858-***-****
San Diego, CA 92117 Cell: 619-***-****
ad7q8i@r.postjobfree.com

RESEARCH SCIENTIST

Multifaceted researcher with a diverse skill set, including excellent experimental design and analysis skills. Possesses strong documentary experience, including generation of manufacturing and validation documents and regulatory submissions to USFDA, EC and Health Canada, and robust computer, statistical and presentation skills. A proven “quick learner” and mentor with the ability to rapidly adapt to changing projects and priorities and has succeeded in both academic and industrial research settings.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Otonomy, Inc., San Diego, CA Jan-Aug 2022
Senior Scientist
Responsible for the preclinical bioanalyrical support of OTO-413, a neurorotrophic biosimilar for congenital hearing loss and OTO-825, a gene therapy for age-related hearing loss, including management of contracted laboratories used for collection of some clinical data. Work included ELISA data collection for PK and ddPCR data collection for toxicity studies, among other lab work.

nanoComposix, San Diego, CA Aug-Nov 2021
Senior Scientist
Responsible for the design and development of lateral flow immunoassays covering several diagnostic targets. Supervised and led a team of Research Associates and managed client relationships to deliver FDA approved immunoassays to the clients within budget and time constraints.

AZURE Institute, San Diego, CA Oct 2020-Feb 2021
Scientist IV
Responsible for the improvement of rapid immunoassays to achieve successful corporate launch of new SARS-CoV2 assay.

WONDFO USA, San Diego, CA Sep 2019-Nov 2020
Scientist
Responsible for the development of chemiluminescent immunoassays to achieve corporate launch of new POCT platform and assays.
Supervised two junior scientists, including planning daily experiments to assist project goals.
Implemented new sample preparation step to improve assay performance.
Assumed role of assistant to director of Immunoassay project, including project planning, and coordination with corporate headquarters in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, P.R. China.

DIAZYME LABORATORIES, Poway, CA Apr 2005-Dec 2018
A wholly owned division of General Atomics, specializing in the manufacturing of diagnostic assays for clinical chemistry platforms, utilized in clinical laboratories and point of care applications.

ROBERT E. BEZVERKOV Page Two
Scientist I (GA title: Scientist III) 2009 – 2018
Responsibilities included serving as point liaison to SNIBE (Shenzhen New Industries Biomedical Engineering Co, Ltd.), a manufacturer of chemiluminescent immunoassays and instrumentation.
Integral in the development and implementation of the hs-cTnI assay, a prognostic assay used for cardiac disease and short-term predisposition for myocardial infarction. This assay is currently in use in the United States, providing cardiologists with valuable diagnostic patient data.
Helped in the development of the Lp-PLA2 (PLAC) assay, which has translated into an annual sales of more than five million dollars to the company, and has created the potential for expansion across the North America market.
Factory trained service engineer for SNIBE instruments in North America. This responsibility involved international and intercontinental travel, often on short notice, to diagnose and repair issues with fully automated chemiluminescent assay analyzers.
Mentored a group of seven immunoassay developers, including running weekly troubleshooting and progress meetings, while serving as senior resource for researchers with varied experience.
Responsible for four USFDA 510(k) approved medical devices, including submission and response to the USFDA for the SNIBE MagLumi HCG assay and chemiluminescent platform. Responsible
for customer issues, including CAPAs, root-cause analysis and continuous improvement plans. Wrote and updated manufacturing, in process testing, quality and marketing documents to support.

Senior Research Associate (GA title: Scientist II) 2005 – 2009
Responsibilities included development of the Diazyme electrolyte panel, resulting in robust annual sales for the company.
Developed and supported the liquid stable potassium and sodium electrolyte enzymatic assays, adding to the company portfolio in a key area for emerging and third world markets. Implemented all manufacturing and quality documentation in accordance with Diazyme’s quality system.
Supported early development of the Diazyme 25-OH Vitamin D assay, which was a finalist for the UCSD Connect 2014 (27th annual) MIP (Most Innovative New Product) Award. This work included development of monoclonal antibodies, including mouse immunization, spleen excision and establishment of stable cell lines developed at Diazyme.
Established mammalian tissue culture group, including FACS using Becton Dickinson cell sorter, liquid nitrogen storage banks and stable cell line generation using clonal expansion.

MERCK RESEARCH LABORATORIES, San Diego, CA Jul 1996 –Jan 2004
Merck acquired SIBIA in December 1999, resulting in changed objectives and focus.

Research Biologist 2000 – 2004
Responsibilities included intellectual contributions toward finding appropriate molecular target for Neuroinflammation group, and pharmacological characterization of compounds in wild-type and mutant neuronal receptors for the Molecular Neuroscience Department.
Subcloned and performed mutagenesis of neuronal calcium ion channel receptors.
Expressed wild-type and mutant receptors in several mammalian cell lines, performed process development of and purified functional receptors from several transfected cell lines.
Performed pharmacological characterization of drug compounds binding to expressed receptors.
Discovered altered binding of drug compounds due to differences in divalent cation concentration.
Using phage display methodology, identified mebers of intercellular GPCR signalling pathways utilizing these receptors, including LC-MS identification of unkown members of the pathway.
ROBERT E. BEZVERKOV Page Three
Screened in-house compounds against these receptors, resulting in discovery of high-affinity drug mimetics. This resulted in several publications outlining these novel drug candidate families.
Performed multi-channel flow cytometry immunoassays using cytokine panel antibodies to screen animal model response to inflammatory challenge by LPS, including those dosed with drug candidates. This work included FACS enrichment of immune cell subtypes isolated from blood.

SIBIA Neurosciences, Inc., La Jolla, CA Jul 1996–Dec 1999
Senior Research Associate
Developed and implemented an in vitro assay for one of the key proteases in modulation of Alzheimer’s Disease, identification and partial purification of that protease from human tissue using a variety of chromatographic techniques.
Implemented an in vitro assay, including expression and purification of chimeric substrate used in the protease screening and activity assays.
Expanded (up to 50 roller bottle levels) cell lines expressing desired enzymatic activity. These expression studies included expression in Pichia pastoris and mammalian cell lines.
Maintained company-wide database of information summarizing enzymatic assays.
Successfully investigated variety of purification schemes, which resulted in partial purification of BACE, one of the key enzymes in the modulation of A.D., and performed kinetic assays of BACE.

EDUCATION
BA, Biochemistry and Cell Biology—Revelle College, U.C.S.D., San Diego, CA, 1987

PUBLICATIONS

1.Bezverkov R, Peterson, PA and Sundelin, J, (1987). Neuropeptide receptors on Immune Cells, Scientific Report, Research Institute of Scripps Clinic 13:98.
2.Hogan, J, Jr., Arnold, L, Nelson, N and Bezverkov, R. Branched Nucleic Acid Probes. United States Patent No. 5,424,413, issued 13 June 1995.
3.Hogan, J, Jr., Arnold, L, Nelson, N and Bezverkov, R. Method for Use of Branched Nucleic Acid Probes. United States Patent No. 5,451,503, issued 19 Sept 1995.
4.Lebsack AD, Gunzner J, Wang B, Pracitto R, Schaffhauser H, Santini A, Aiyar J, Bezverkov R, Munoz B, Liu W, Venkatraman S. Identification and synthesis of [1,2,4]triazolo[3,4-a]phthalazine derivatives as high-affinity ligands to the alpha 2 delta-1 subunit of voltage gated calcium channel.
Bioorg Med Chem Lett. 2004 May 17,14(10):2463-7.
5.Hu T, Stearns BA, Campbell BT, Arruda JM, Chen C, Aiyar J, Bezverkov RE, Santini A, Schaffhauser H, Liu W, Venkatraman S, Munoz B. Synthesis and biological evaluation of 6-aryl-6H-pyrrolo[3,4-d]pyridazine derivatives as high-affinity ligands of the alpha(2)delta subunit of voltage-gated calcium channels. Bioorg Med Chem Lett. 2004 May 3,14(9):2031-4.
6.Lim J, Stock N, Pracitto R, Boueres JK, Munoz B, Chaudhary A, Santini AM, Orr K, Schaffhauser H, Bezverkov RE, Aiyar J, Venkatraman S. N-Acridin-9-yl-butane-1,4-diamine derivatives: high-affinity ligands of the alpha2delta subunit of voltage gated calcium channels. Bioorg Med Chem Lett. 2004 Apr 19,14(8):1913-6.
7.Liu L, Hood S, Wang Y, Bezverkov R, Dou C, Datta A, Yuan C. Direct enzymatic assay for %HbA1c in human whole blood samples. Clin Biochem. 2008 May,41(7-8):576-83.
8.Bezverkov, RE, Dou, C, Datta, A and Yuan, C. A Liquid Stable Enzymatic Lithium Assay. POSTER, presented at the 40th annual Oak Ridge Conference, American Association of Clinical Chemistry, San Jose, California (April 2008).
References
Fabrice Piu, Ph.D. Vice President of Research and Development, Organovo Holdings, Inc. (supervisor at Otonomy), 858-***-****, email:ad7q8i@r.postjobfree.com
Gabriela (Gabi) Korzus, Manager, Immunoassay Development at Aviva Systems Biology (supervisor at Wondfo), 858-***-****, email:ad7q8i@r.postjobfree.com
Ruffy Baldemeca, Scientist, Diazyme Laboratories, 858-***-****, colleague at Diazyme, email: ad7q8i@r.postjobfree.com
Mark Griffiths, Scientist, Group Leader, Immunoassay Development, Diazyme Laboratories, 858-***-****, colleague at Diazyme, email: ad7q8i@r.postjobfree.com
Ted Schiess, Assistant Director, Ionis Pharmaceuticals, 858-***-****, fellow member of San Diego County Football Officials Association, email: ad7q8i@r.postjobfree.com

Further refernces available upon request
Contact this candidate