veronica vidhyavathi
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
ad80x9@r.postjobfree.com 091********
linkedin.com/in/veronica-vidhyavathi-52724a164
Summary
As an accomplished Solution and Deployment Architect, I specialize in designing and implementing high-impact technical solutions that optimize operations and drive business growth. With 6years of hands-on experience, I bring a proven track record of architecting robust systems and orchestrating seamless deployment strategies across diverse industries. Skilled in Research and Development (R&D), handling team, SQL, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, and Statistical Data Analysis. Strong business development professional with a Master's degree focused on Statistics. Looking forward to learn, construct and grow. Experience
Expert - Solutions & Deployment Architect
NielsenIQ
Aug 2023 - Present (8 months)
Investigated the feasibility of providing a solution to meet client requirements and produced documentation to detail any recommendations, ensuring repeatability, consistency and the adoption of industry best practice at all times.
Actively identified potential areas of process/QC improvement and develop robust, repeatable solutions which will be communicated to the team and new best practice. Analyzed client requirements and write up specifications for the creation of converters, databases and dictionaries.
Liaise between the client, project manager and developer and ensure all parties have the information they need
Been a technical lead within the team, spending time to liaise with technical teams to understand new technology and their applications as well as provide feedback loops for potential improvements Used subject level expertise on Nielsen tools and technical solutions across the entire Nielsen client base
Executed the first-time delivery process to provide solutions that meet Nielsen clients’ business requirements via the required Nielsen Toolsets, on-time and with quality. Driven continuous innovation and improvement of the first time delivery process. Ensured the off-shore team deliver workable solutions into BAU that are stable, reliable, teachable, and maintainable within the SLA agreed for that solution. Mentor other team members to adopt best practice and develop their skill set within the team. Lead technical innovation from operations side to better execute against client solution specifications Provided technical guidance to the off-shore, Implementation Team Drive off-shore teams to complete tasks and ensure quality, timely delivery Demonstrated expertise, initiative, and thought leadership to drive process improvement Helped matrix manage the technical relationship with the off-shore team, ensure tasks are clear and specific timelines are agreed.
Designed structured plans for change management and oversee execution. Senior Data Processing Analyst
veronica vidhyavathi - page 1
NielsenIQ
Jan 2022 - Present (2 years 3 months)
Team's KPI monitoring (quality and on time delivery) and been up to date with all processes related to assigned area
Contributed to the implementation of new standards and processes Possess Good knowledge of product portfolio in scope of at least one market/project Worked in a virtual and multicultural environment through cooperation with stakeholders and colleagues in order to delivering against the set objectives
Understanding the End to End process, ability to identify real root of the queries raised by CSAs/CSCs. Having Good knowledge about specific FMCG categories, fully independent in resolving queries Identified gaps and areas for improvement in the process Planned and executed a complex daily personal workload and support to meet departmental and company schedules
Provided assistance to Data Processing Specialists as a first point of contact Provided training for the new joiners and other team members if needed Met quality and delivery targets (KPI)
Been responsible in keeping updated the operational documentation. Was Responsible in ensuring the quality performance monitoring, reporting and analysis of respective Operations department.
Participated in quality improvement plans such as Quality Walk, Quality Focus Meetings, Root Cause Analysis activities and Operational Excellence programs when required. Worked with the quality team on first time right and cycle time reporting alongside with Operations team to identify focus areas.
Ensured appropriate communication and escalation of issues to relevant senior stakeholders. Provided expert advice to BAU team on difficult queries, ensure sufficient workaround or testing is done before escalating to Enablement team.
Managed close links with Enablement and Ops leaders to ensure quality and delivery standards are met / exceeded alongside with high levels of customer satisfaction on product content. Maintained understanding and working knowledge of systems, functions and capabilities within item coding.
Analyst
Roche
Mar 2021 - Feb 2022 (1 year)
Collect and analyze complex healthcare data to identify trends, patterns, and insights, contributing to strategic decision-making processes.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define business requirements, develop analytical solutions, and provide actionable recommendations
Develop and deploy data-driven solutions to improve business processes. Present findings and recommendations to senior management and key stakeholders, effectively translating complex technical concepts into business-oriented insights. Identify opportunities for process improvement and automation, streamlining data workflows and enhancing efficiency.
Stay updated with industry trends and emerging technologies to continuously enhance analytical capabilities.
Skills:
veronica vidhyavathi - page 2
EA Dashboard, Ad hoc reporting, Ops reporting, AWS, Excel, PowerPoint, Python, SQL o Skills: Statistical Data Analysis · Data Analytics · SQL statistical analyst Freelancer
Self-employed
Aug 2019 - Feb 2021 (1 year 7 months)
*Built models for different projects using the statistical tool spss.
*Assisted clients for completing thesis.
*A mock project on credit scoring
*Text mining using R
*Built statistical models in SPSS
*Built Small queries to extract data my SQL
*Sentiment Analysis
Research And Development Analyst
Amnet ContentSource
Nov 2018 - Aug 2019 (10 months)
Have done Documentation and generated reports.
Have supported the tech team in testing and aided the team to develop and improve the Quality of software developed
Ownership of reports published in market research that elevate the Quality of service and Sale. Primary research and Market Search in the publishing fields. Aided the teams across different process as a mentor and in communicating with the clients. Created simple search engines with basic python
Have built few statistical models to describe the online sales patterns. Comparative studies to Get a better idea on how the services and the quality impact the visibility to the eyes of a Customer
Statistical Analyst
Cancer Institute(Wia)
May 2017 - May 2017 (1 month)
comparative study on the cancer sites
Education
Loyola College
Master's degree, Statistics
2016 - 2018
Stella Maris College
Bachelor's degree, Mathematics
2013 - 2016
Skills
veronica vidhyavathi - page 3
Leadership • Statistical Data Analysis • Research and Development (R&D) • Analytical Skills • Regression Analysis • SPSS Statistics • SQL • R (Programming Language) • Multivariate Analysis • Machine Learning
veronica vidhyavathi - page 4
Contact this candidate