Desalegn Wagaw
669-***-**** ad849y@r.postjobfree.com Irvine, CA, Citizen of USA
SUMMARY
Data Scientist with experience over 3 years using a range of programming utilities, Statistics & Probability, Machine Learning & Deep Learning, Cloud Computing and Data Visualization. Proficient in designing and building robust models and dashboards using business intelligence tools such as Tableau and Power BI. Leveraging a core understanding of data analysis & software programs stemming from a strong background in mechanical engineering and strengths in data science. Well- versed in programming languages including Python, R, SQL and JavaScript to deliver insightful and actionable results.
EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Master of Science: Data Science GPA: 4.0 Oct 2024 University of Phoenix Arizona, USA
Coursework: Data Mining, Data Integration, Data Visualization, Data Governance, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Customer Relationship Management, Data Analysis and Business Analytics, Data Modeling, Database Management, and Business Intelligence Full Stack Web Development Certificate Final Grade: 97% June 2020 – Jan. 2021 Nucamp Coding Bootcamp Irvine, CA
Coursework: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, Python, React.js, Django, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, MySQL, and PostgreSQL.
Bachelor of Science: Mechanical Engineering July 2015 Adama Science and Technology University Ethiopia
Coursework: Mathematics, Physics, Introduction to Computer Science, Thermodynamics, Power Plant, Mechatronics, Heat Transfer, Mechanical vibrations. PROJECTS
Python Object-Orient Programming July 2022
Personal Project Irvine, CA
• Designed and implemented an object-oriented program (OOP) class and different functions based on input in PyCharm to enable several functions for a bank account, such as current balance, interest rate, and transactions.
Senior Project: Harvesting Machine Jan. 2015 – July 2015 Adama Science and Technology University Ethiopia
Led group to design a prototype for a harvesting machine for local farmers using tool such as SolidWorks and AutoCAD, earning selection to manufacture the design through university sponsorship WORK EXPERIENCE
Mechanical Engineering Intern Jan. 2014 – July 2014 Awash Melkasa Sulfuric Acid Factory Ethiopia
• Formulated a proposal to resolve an issue regarding heat transfer pipeline by designing 2D and 3D models with software and tools to improve heat exchanger performance.
• Collaborated with a multidisciplinary team to implement solutions. Medical Equipment Assembler March 2023 – Present
Medtronic Santa Ana, CA
• Creating and managing labels and associated documents. Utilizing SAP for data extraction and ensuring data accuracy and reliability.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Python, R, SQL, Tableau, Power BI, Pandas, TensorFlow, Scikit-Learn, Data warehousing, Big Data, Data Governance, Data Visualization, Data mining, Exploratory Data Analysis & Automation.
Contact this candidate