Health Economist Real-World Evidence Data Scientist

Professional Summary

Experienced Real-World Evidence data scientist and Health Economist (about 10 years). Savvy about evidence generation strategies, leveraging on real-world data (RWD) and real-world evidence (RWE), across product lifecycle, with experience developing and communicating real-world evidence (RWE) product-focused, and end-to-end observational real-world evidence across therapeutic areas from proof of concept (POC) trials through LOE for priority pipeline candidates, pipeline supplementation through business development, and marketed inline products. Strategic partner to stakeholders, including cross-functional leaders in Commercial, Market Access, and Medical Affairs. Experienced in protocol development for research and funding, with strong statistical experience and an analytical mindset, independent and team player attitudes. Proactive attitude to work, problem-solving ability, collaborative, effective communicator, and a willingness to learn and adapt to evolving industry practices. Have hands-on experience working with high dimensional biomarker data, such as whole exome sequencing, RNA-seq, proteomics data and big data infrastructure such as Hadoop, Spark, Snowflake, and Amazon 3S. Proficient in SAS, Python, R, & SQL languages, and data visualization tools, tableau & powerBI for analyzing complex structured and unstructured data.

Experience

Real-World Evidence, Data Scientist Oct. 2023 – Mar. 2024 – Pfizer Inc., New York, NY, (Rangam), Remote
Real World Data Strategy, Risk Strategy, & Innovation.
Real-World Evidence generation
oCreated protocols, statistical analysis plans, and retrospective claims analysis.
oData-driven analytics solutions & emerging data science methods (Using clinical bioinformatics, real world biomarker data, Optum, Flatiron, Premier, PharMetrics, SAS, R, Python, SQL, & Snowflake, AWS).
Leveraging RWD and AI to support regulatory, clinical trials initiatives (data QC, data preprocessing, feature selection, model building and deployment).
oTracking supporting HEOR, return on investment (ROI), & healthcare benefit models.
oCreate and present reports, build and document analytical pipelines.
Data analytics, feasibility analyses, advanced analytics, dashboards, and data visualization.
Develop technical and will execute hands-on evidence generation projects, via a combinatorial approach of cutting-edge retrospective data analyses, and site-based evaluations. Excellent knowledge of CPT, ICD-9, ICD-10, APC, HCPCS and revenue coding.

Research Health Economist Mar. 2022 – Oct. 2023 – Otsuka PDC, Inc., Princeton, NJ, (Pharmacoevidence), Remote
Contributed to the design and implementation of HEOR strategies in collaboration with Director, HEOR and brand leads.
Executed and managed associated studies, support the clinical, economic, and patient centered value propositions for Otsuka products.
oCreated protocols and statistical analysis plans, global HEOR studies, and generated final reports for publication (manuscripts, posters, presentations) as part of dissemination plans. Developed value-based resources & clinical-economic evidence.
Supported the identification of payer-focused evidentiary requirement gaps, their generation and presentation to Managed Market Liaisons (Field colleagues). Excellent knowledge of CPT, ICD-9, ICD-10, APC, HCPCS and revenue coding.
Presented health economic projects and related information to groups internal and external to the company, including global HEOR, support global reimbursement and access (Identified and interacted with Key Opinion Leaders through such conferences).
oDevelop technical and execute hands-on evidence generation projects, via a combinatorial approach of cutting-edge retrospective data analyses, health economic models, and site-based evaluations (Using clinical bioinformatics, real world biomarker data, SAS, R, Excel, & AWS).

HEOR & Data Science, Consultant Jan. 2020 – March 2022 – Integrity Life LLC, Gainesville, FL
Conducted Health Economics, Data Analytics, Data Wrangling, and Data Visualization (using Dash Tableau) consulting for academia and healthcare professionals.
oEvaluated the effect of antibiotic stewardship programs on clinical and resource utilization outcomes. Extracted, cleaned, preprocessed, and operationalized the data. Conducted an Interrupted Time Series modeling to estimate the effect of antibiotic stewardship program. Developed robust payer evidence through innovative HEOR studies.
oML algorithms for classification, regression, clustering, and anomaly detection methods (Using R, Python, & Snowflake, AWS, data QC, data preprocessing, feature selection, model building and deployment).
Prepared manuscripts on predictors of healthcare resource utilization, cost, and readmission for patients with dementia. Develop predictive algorithms for clinical and resource utilization outcomes among dementia patients in the U.S.
Utilized statistical methodologies including Bayesian and non-parametric techniques, hypothesis testing, ANOVA, Regression, fixed and random effects, interrupted time-series, inverse probability of treatment weighting to assess experiments effect.

Assistant Scientist Oct. 2018 - Dec 2019 - University of Florida, College of Pharmacy, Gainesville, FL
Spearheaded health economic research efforts for the health economics group. Developed protocols and Statistical Analysis Plans.
oDesigned, managed, and presented retrospective observational studies using insurance claims, electronic medical records, and survey data methods (Using SAS, R, Python, SQL, & Snowflake, AWS).
Designed, managed, and presented economic evaluation studies using decision analytic modeling techniques.
Designed and implemented epidemiological studies.
oUsed administrative claims data, electronic medical records data, hospital inpatient data, and patient or physician reported survey data.
Presented research findings internally within the department and at professional conferences.

Teaching Assistant Apr. – Sep 2018 - Spring – Summer 2018 - UF, College of Pharmacy, Gainesville, FL
Taught Applied Data Analysis at the graduate level.
Prepared Pharmaceutical Microeconomics course materials, graded exams, and assisted course instructor during class.

Adjunct Faculty Mar 2016–Apr 2018 - TCC, Division of Business and Technology, Tallahassee, FL
Taught Principles of Microeconomics and Principles of Macroeconomics.
Contributed to curriculum design to foster research foundations and scholarly approach to student learning.

Senior Researcher Dec 2014–Jun 2017 - FSU, Center for Economic Forecasting and Analysis, Tallahassee, FL
Carried out original economic research studies in healthcare, small business development, and climate change.
oLed the methadone program needs and fees assessment using real-world evidence and data (RWE and RWD. To carry out this project, two data sources were merged, survey and observational data methods (Using SAS, R, Python, SQL, & Snowflake, AWS).
Interacted with stakeholders, to market consulting services, discussed project deliverables and results to decision-makers.
Provided project and data management support to the research center.
Collected and managed survey data.

Research Associate May-Sep 2015 – Florida A&M University, Tallahassee, FL
Conducted systematic literature reviews, pharmacoeconomic analyses and Multi-Criteria Decision-Making modeling,
Developed an alternative imprecise weight elicitation technique for use in multi-criteria decision analysis for healthcare, utilizing Monte Carlo simulations.
oEconomic modeling: cost-minimization, cost-effectiveness/utility, and budget impact analysis methods (Using SAS, R, & Excel).
Conducted systematic literature reviews and meta-analyses. Developed research proposals and technical reports.
Collected and managed survey data.

Lecturer Apr 2010–Sep 2014 - Alassane Ouattara University, Department of Economics, Ivory Coast
Developed course materials and taught econometrics, macroeconomics, and international economics.

Education

Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Economics, Université Côte d'Azur, Nice, France - 2009
Master of Science (MSc) in Data Science, Northcentral University, California, USA – 2022
Master of Arts (MA) in Economics, Université Côte d'Azur, Nice, France - 2003
Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Economics, Felix Houphouet Boigny University, Abidjan, Ivory Coast - 2001

Professional Development

Trainings
Postdoctoral Associate, Health Economics, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, USA - Apr - Oct 2018
Certification, Machine Learning and Statistics for Business Economist
Certification, Life Insurance and Variable Annuity

Workshops
Diversity Initiative for Tenure in Economics (DITE), Samuel Dubois Cook Center on Social Equity, Duke University: Feb 2019–Aug 2020
Grantsmanship Workshop, University of Florida, Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences: Jun 2019
Cost-Effectiveness Analysis (CEA) and Cost-Utility Analysis (CUA), ISPOR Distance Learning Program: Jun 2019
Principle of Clinical Pharmacology, National Institute of Health (NIC): May 2019–Jun 2019
Causal Inference and Causal Diagrams in Big, Real-World Observational Data and Pragmatic Trials, ISPOR: May 2019
Applied Machine Learning, Emeritus Institute of Management and Columbia University: Nov 2018–Feb 2019
Epidemiology: The Basic Science of Public Health, Coursera, and University of North Carolina: Sep 2018
Econometrics: Cross-Section, American Social Sciences Association: Jan 2017
Business Applications of Statistics and Data Analytics, National Association for Business Economics: Sep 2017–Nov 2017

Activities

Reviewer (Peer-reviewed journals and professional conferences):
International Society for Pharmacoeconomics and Outcomes Research (ISPOR) US Conference Abstracts 2023
International Society for Pharmacoeconomics and Outcomes Research (ISPOR) US Conference Abstracts 2019
International Society for Pharmacoepidemiology (ISPE) Conference Abstracts 2019
ISPOR Europe Conference Abstracts 2018 Sustainability
Asian Journal of Economics, Business, and Accounting Energy Policy

Judge at ISPOR Conferences
Posters, Economic evaluations: May 7-10, 2023
Podium–P11, Comparative and Cost Analysis: May 21, 2019
Podium–P15, Cost, and Resource Use Studies: May 22, 2019
Podium–P1, Artificial Intelligence Studies: May 20, 2019

Area of expertise

Central Nervous System: Bipolar disorder, Schizophrenia.
Cardiology: Ischemic Heart Disease, Cardiovascular, Acute Ischemic Stroke.
Nephrology: Kidney disease, Lupus Nephritis, Sjogren’s symptoms.
Neurology: Alzheimer’s disease, Dementia, other Mental health disorders, Stroke.
Oncology: Breast Cancer

Publications

Sanogo, V., Chen, Z., Almutairi, R. D., Xiao, H., & Diaby, V. (2023). Predictors of 30-day readmission, mortality, and length of stay for hospitalized US patients with Alzheimer's and related dementias from 2010 to 2015. Expert Review of Pharmacoeconomics & Outcomes Research.
Okere, A., Trimble, M., Sanogo, V., Smith, U., Brown, C., & Buxbaum, S. (2022). The Potential Effects of Implementing an Antibiotic Stewardship Program by Integrating It with Medication Therapy Service in a Low-Income Serving Clinic-A Single-Center Experience. Innovations in Pharmacy, 13(3).
Chen, Z., Babcock, A., Sanogo, V., Nelson, D. R., Xiao, H., & Diaby, V. (2021). Predictors of 30-day readmission and hospitalization costs of patients with hepatic encephalopathy in the US from 2010 to 2014. Expert Review of Pharmacoeconomics & Outcomes Research, 22(3), 409-415.
Okere, A. N., Sanogo, V., Alqhtani, H., & Diaby, V. (2021). Identification of risk factors of 30-day readmission and 180-day in-hospital mortality, and its corresponding relative importance in patients with ischemic heart disease: a machine learning approach. Expert review of pharmacoeconomics & outcomes research, 21(5), 1043-1048.
Okere A.N., Sanogo, V., Diaby V., and Rajesh B. (2020). A quantitative analysis of the effect of continuity of care on 30-day readmission and in-hospital mortality among patients with acute ischemic stroke. Journal of Stroke and Cerebrovascular Diseases, 29(9), 105053
Diaby, V., Sanogo, V., and Moussa, K. R. (2016). ELICIT: An alternative imprecise weight elicitation technique for use in multi-criteria decision analysis for healthcare. Expert review of Pharmacoeconomics & Outcomes Research, 16(1), 141-147.
Diaby, V., Tawk, R., Sanogo, V., Xiao, H., and Montero, A. J. (2015). A review of systematic reviews of the cost-effectiveness of hormone therapy, chemotherapy, and targeted therapy for breast cancer. Breast Cancer Research and Treatment, 151(1), 27–40.
Access to all Publications: List available on demand (peer-reviewed articles: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=-VqtcrEAAAAJ&hl=en).

Miscellaneous

Grants and Awards: Southern Coastal Center for Agricultural Health and Safety (SCCAHS, Jul 2019), University of Florida (May 2017), Global Development Network (April 2017), Florida Small Business Development Center Network (April (2017), National Association for Business Economic Scholarship (2017), Skat Foundation Travel Grant (2016)
Volunteering: American Cancer Society Hope Lodge (Spring 2019), Veterans Affairs Hospital (Fall 2018), American Red Cross (2018), Tallahassee Museum (Spring 2017), Leroy Collins Leon County Public Library (2014–2018)
Professional Affiliations: American Economic Association (AEA), Southern Economic Association (SEA), International Society for Pharmacoeconomic and Outcomes Research (ISPOR), American Statistical Association (ASA), National Society of Leadership and Success (NSLS).
Contact this candidate