PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Tata Consultancy Services, Austin, TX Chander Viswanathan: ad8fjz@r.postjobfree.com
Business Intelligence Developer, (September 2021-Current)
Helping scale Google’s new SMB Google Cloud team to over $1B in annual revenue by developing Looker dashboards reporting sales revenue and sales team KPIs, building ETL pipelines from Salesforce data, and performing ad-hoc analysis for the Google Cloud Platform Global Small and Medium Business team from the sales rep to the VP of GCP,. GCP, SQL, Looker, BigQuery, SalesForce
Saved months of managers time by automated routine reporting using SQL and Google sheets, completely automating my stakeholder’s routine reporting with VLOOKUPS, INDEX MATCH, QUERY, and FILTER functions. GCP, SQL, BigQuery, Excel
Conducts technical round interviews to hire senior BI developers for the Google/TCS team.
Center for Business Analytics, Cincinnati, Ohio William Bresler: ad8fjz@r.postjobfree.com
Data Scientist (September 2020–August 2021)
Delivered a fully customization recommendation system based on Neural Networks for one of the business college’s largest partners upcoming digital transformation. TensorFlow, PyTorch, Python, SQL
Increased sales prediction accuracy by two orders of magnitude for one of the business college’s largest partners Identified and reduced churn by 75%. TensorFlow, PyTorch, Python, SQL
Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio Josh Roush: ad8fjz@r.postjobfree.com
Data Scientist (August 2020)
Clustered donors and alumni to increase Ohio State’s annual donations from $1B to $5B. R
Created R Shiny reports for the State of Ohio’s COVID-19 dashboard to direct the distribution of healthcare supplies statewide and predict the number of daily COVID-19 cases. R, R Shiny
Accenture, Columbus, Ohio Charles Hack: ad8fjz@r.postjobfree.com
Data Scientist (June 2019 - July 2020)
Created a LLM using COVID-19 literature to find cures for the COVID-19 pandemic. LLM, NLP, Tensorflow, PyTorch, Python
Used K-Means Clustering and Decision Trees to improve employment outcomes of people in unemployment programs. Found that transportation issues were a root cause and made recommendations which were included Biden’s Infrastructure Bill. Python, scikit-learn
Overhauled monitoring of social media feeds to find instances of price gouging of critical medical supplies during the COVID-19 pandemic for NYC. R, Python, BrandWatch
Developed interactive Tableau dashboards for the Accenture higher education team to analyze higher education clients’ performance metrics historically and against comparable universities so Accenture could find new clients. Tableau, Alteryx, PostgreSQL
Identified 47 distinct barriers between special needs children and their primary educators for the New York City Public School System. Python, SQL, scikit-learn
Analyzed economic factors that impact child neglect across the USA at the state and county level for the CPS. R, Python, Excel
Analyzed DEA opioid data to help identify the largest fentanyl shipment recipients and map opioid addiction treatment centers across the US. R, Python, Selenium, BeautifulSoup
Performed time series analysis of income actuals to forecast 5 years of business performance for John’s Hopkins School of Medicine. Identified $37M in cost-drivers, cost saving opportunities. R, Tableau, Excel
Created geospatial visualizations and predicted traffic collisions during severe snowstorms. Provided recommendations to New York City for which highways and bridges to plow and salt first in the event of severe weather events. R, Python, Tableau
Freeset USA, Cincinnati, Ohio Tim Bankes: ad8fjz@r.postjobfree.com
Volunteer (May 2018-August 2018)
Helped the COO choose a data visualization tool to help monitor their e-commerce platforms. PowerBI
Transformed data from legacy e-commerce systems for ingestion. Python
EDUCATION
Business Analytics, MS University of Cincinnati, Lindner College of Business, Cincinnati, OH
Data Analytics, BS Ohio State University, College of Arts and Sciences, Columbus, OH
Contact this candidate