Rima Modak
Ó +1-408-***-**** R ad8rw5@r.postjobfree.com www.rimamodak.com
linkedin.com/in/rimamodak github.com/Rimcode-ai SUMMARY
Full-stack Developer and Data Scientist with 3+ years experience and proficiency in creating scalable applications. Skilled in AI, ML, Deep Learning, NLP, and data engineering, leveraging Python, JAVA, C++, TensorFlow, PyTorch, and AWS. WORK EXPERIENCE
SynergisticIT - Data Science June 2024 - Present
Developed machine learning models with scikit-learn and TensorFlow, achieving 95% accuracy in predictive analytics. En- hanced model performance by 20% through data preprocessing using Pandas and NumPy. Applied NLP techniques for chatbots and text analysis with NLTK and spaCy. Integrated Node.js for backend services and Angular with TypeScript for frontend, deploying models and APIs for real-time data processing and analytics. Frugal Innovation Hub - Software Developer Intern January 2023 - June 2024 Developed a cross-platform application using Flutter, Dart and PostgreSQL. Designed UI mocks using Figma and enhanced UI to improve user engagement and satisfaction, increasing user retention by 95%. Integrated AI-driven features for personalized content recommendations, resulted in 75% increase in user engagement. Cerebrone.ai - Cloud Engineer Co-op Intern June 2023 - December 2023 Developed and deployed deep learning models using Keras, TensorFlow, C++, and PyTorch on cloud infrastructure, achieving 90% accuracy in image classification, utilizing CNN for image processing and object detection tasks, enabling the development of AI-driven image analysis and recognition systems. Implemented RNN and LSTM networks for time series forecasting and natural language processing tasks, demonstrating expertise in sequence-based AI models. Ericsson - Software Engineer January 2020 - August 2022 Collaborated with a team of engineers to deploy and manage security services, ensuring seamless integration and operational efficiency. Designed and developed scalable backend systems using Java, C++, Spring Boot, and RESTful APIs, leading to a 15% increase in RPA (Robotics Systems) efficiency and a 10% reduction in errors. Implemented a microservices architecture with Docker, Kubernetes, and Spring Boot, enabling modular, scalable, and fault-tolerant application development with high availability. Interfaced with Bluetooth and ZigBee to implement IoT security features, optimizing wireless communication protocols. Utilized Python, JavaScript, Angular, Linux, and Node.js for backend development, enhancing automation work- flows and system performance. Followed best practices in the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, and continuous integration/deployment (CI/CD) pipelines. Enhanced backend services by leveraging Spring Data JPA for efficient data access, reducing boilerplate code and improving database operations by 20% with Java, and OracleDB.
EDUCATION
Doctorate of Business Administration in Applied Computer Science - Westcliff University [enrolled] Master of Science in Computer Science and Engineering - Santa Clara University- (GPA: 3.90/4.0) 2024 Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering - (GPA: 3.90/4.0) University of Petroleum and Energy Studies (UPES)- Specialization in Internet of Things(IoT) and Smart Cities 2020 ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Time Series Forecasting using LSTM - Node.js, TensorFlow, D3.js, Math.js Developed a time series forecasting model using TensorFlow.js for predicting stock prices in TypeScript. The model successfully predicted stock prices, achieving a mean absolute error of 2.5%. Predictive Absenteeism Modeling in the Workplace - Python, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Scikit-learn Developed a sophisticated predictive model using Python, Pandas, Numpy, and the Scikit-learn using regression ML algorithm, enhanced by data visualization with Matplotlib and Seaborn for effective workforce management. Image Classification using Deep Learning - Python, C++, TensorFlow, Keras, OpenCV Developed a deep learning model capable of accurately classifying images into various categories, attaining an impressive 95% accuracy by leveraging Python, TensorFlow, and Keras. AWARDS & GRANTS
• Top 4 finalist in the AI x Law Hackathon by Stanford 2023
• ’Galactic Problem Solver’ award from NASA SpaceAPP Hackathon 2023 2023
• Ignition Center for Jesuit Education (Santa Clara University) Grant - $1,125.00 2024 CERTIFICATIONS
Microsoft Azure Fundamentals, Oracle DB, Oracle Machine Learning, CCNA: CyberSecurity Essential, IoT Specialist TECH STACK
Programming Languages - Python, Scala, Java, C++, JavaScript, Angular, TypeScript, SQL, GraphQL, MongoDB. Frameworks - LLM, AI, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, TensorFlow, PyTorch, NumPy, Pandas, Scikit, Spark, Django Tools - Tableau, Git, Jira, Confluence, Jenkins, Docker, MySQL, AWS, Azure, GCP, Splunk, Alteryx OS- Linux, UNIX, macOs, Android, Red Hat Enterprise Linux
Contact this candidate