Narendra Chigili
Certified in ‘Business Analytics & Data Science’
Collegeville, PA contact: 573-***-**** ad8whb@r.postjobfree.com PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Graduate professional with 4 years of experience in web application development using C# .NET. Well versed in data analysis, and database management. A certified data scientist holding a Master’s degree in Information Science & Technology with a focus on Data Science. Seeking opportunities to further apply and enhance my technical and analytical skills in a dynamic environment.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Tools: Visual Studio, PyCharm, Jupyter, Git, Docker, ASP .Net core, MVC, SQL Server (2016, 2019), REST APIs. Project Management Platforms: Jenkins, Atlassian Jira, CA Agile Central (Rally Board), Azure DevOps. Programming Skills: SQL, Python, C#, HTML, JavaScript EDUCATION
Masters, Information Science & Technology GPA- 3.33 Missouri University of Science & Technology, Rolla, MO May 2023 Bachelors, Computer Science Engineering
Sree Vidhyanikethan Engineering College, Tirupathi, India April 2018 PORTFOLIO PROJECTS
Data modelling and prediction using ‘AirBnB’ dataset 1. Gathering raw data, data cleaning & modelling the data using pandas. 2. Analyzed the data by plotting graphs using seaborn, matplotlib. Found the key components which are playing major role in pricing using the heat map graph. 3. Used the cleaned dataset for optimal price prediction using Machine learning algorithms (Naïve Bayes, KNN Classification, Principal Component Analysis(PCA))
ETL of SQS Queue
1. Extracted queue from the docker image and read the messages in the queue. 2. Masked the passwords using hashing and maintained the same hash to the duplicate passwords. Inserted each transformed messages into Postgres table and containerized the solution using docker.
Data Analysis using Python & Beautiful Soup
1. Developed a Python-based web scraper using BeautifulSoup to extract and analyze product data from Amazon.
2. This tool automated the collection of pricing, rating, and availability data, facilitating competitive analysis and market trend insights.
3. Wrote a python script to send an email update whenever there’s a significant change in the particular product prices.
Data Extraction from WEB API & Analysis using Python 1. Leveraged Python to consume cryptocurrency data from a public API, analyzing historical price trends and volatility of major cryptocurrencies.
2. Developed predictive models to forecast price movements, enhancing investment strategies. ADDITIONAL CERTIFICATIONS
Microsoft certified ‘Azure Developer Associate (AZ 204).’
Certified in ‘SQL (Advanced)’ from ‘HackerRank’. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
.Net Developer (King of Prussia, PA) Jul 2023 – present Client: Vertex Inc
Working on Tax Compliance Management System, a web-based application designed to help businesses and individuals effectively manage and automate their tax obligations. The system streamlines the process of filing tax returns, tracking tax payments, and ensuring compliance with evolving tax regulations at both local and federal levels. It integrates with various government tax portals and provides real-time updates on tax policy changes. Responsibilities:
Implement RESTful APIs to facilitate integration with third-party services (government tax portals, accounting systems, etc.)
Migrated unstructured data to Azure Blob Storage, cutting storage costs and improving the performance of SQL databases by streamlining data management and reducing query load.
Leveraged SQL concepts to optimize database queries, significantly improving data retrieval speeds and application responsiveness.
Worked on migrating the application to a microservices architecture using .NET Core, enhancing scalability and performance.
Utilized Git and GitHub for centralized repository management, ensuring code quality and collaboration while orchestrating continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD) pipelines for automated testing and deployment.
Worked on migration of unstructured data to Azure Blob Storage, which optimized storage costs for the client by 40%.
Offloaded unstructured data from SQL to Azure Blob Storage, made the SQL database to store only structured data that requires complex querying and transactional integrity. This reduced the load on the SQL database, lead to faster query performance and reduced I/O overhead. Software Developer, RIGAPS (Hyderabad, India) Sep2020 – June 2021 Product: OnBlick
Worked on a SaaS-based Immigration & HR Compliance web application using C#, ASP. Net core & SQL server, ensuring seamless functionality for document verification and compliance management. Implemented auto- generation functionality for Public Access files (PAFs), enabling user to quickly and accurately generate required compliance documents upon uploading a Labor Condition Application (LCA) Responsibilities:
Gather, compile, and analyze data to identify potential immigration fraud, identify trends in immigration applications, and assess the effectiveness of immigration policies.
Optimized the auto-generation of Public Access Files (PAFs) by developing dedicated microservices for document management, resulting in a faster and more reliable process.
Implemented authentication and authorization mechanisms using OAuth2 to protect user data and comply with privacy regulations.
Unit and integration testing to validate the functionality and reliability of the system components.
Utilized Azure DevOps for CI/CD pipelines to automate builds, testing, and deployment processes.
Participated in regular code reviews, sprint planning, and project stand-up meetings to keep the project on track.
Software Engineer, Larsen &Toubro Infotech (Chennai, India) June 2018 – Aug 2020 Client: Travelers Insurance
I worked on a Loss premium calculating desktop application, ensuring accurate and efficient processing across four insurance business lines. Also, implemented a user-friendly web application (ELS) using ASP.NET, facilitating seamless customer data collection and providing quick, accurate quotes for various insurance plans. Responsibilities:
Used AngularJS as a framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server using Bootstrap, AngularJS.
Modified the UI screens created by web designers using Angular, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap and JavaScript.
Optimized SQL Server database performance, reducing query execution time and significantly enhancing application responsiveness and reliability.
Worked on creation & execution of SQL Scripts, Functions, Stored Procedures to satisfy DDL/DML operations on the server.
Developed complex SQL queries and DML statements to extract and manipulate data, improving database performance and data accuracy.
Contact this candidate