pg. *
SONAL CHOWDHARY
Strategic Human Resource Business Partner (HRBP) HR Operations Transformation Leader PERSONAL DOSSIER
981******* adxsph@r.postjobfree.com https: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sounal-c-7077874/ Current Location: New Delhi Location Preferred: Anywhere in India / Abroad Industry Exposure: IT Consulting & Service, Manufacturing, Automobile, Ed- Tech EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Astute & Versatile Strategic HR Professional with 19+ years of experience in Business HR function with exposure to remaining in HR sub-functions with 10000 plus employees with more than $3billion Revenue. Key driver of People Development, Employee Benefits, Performance Management, Leadership Hiring (IT & Non-IT), Compliance, Compensation & Policy processes, Employee Relations & Engagement, Talent Management & Diversity & Inclusion. Handling End to end HR Operation for 700+ employees across India.
Strategic Human Capital experience, People Service Delivery & Change Management Professional with proven performance record of executing HR business partnership responsibilities. Serve as a consultant to the Business Heads on human resource-related issues. Had consistently succeeded working in Start-up & Structured Organizations and experienced in creating from inception the HR programs
Proficient at managing employee life cycle from ‘HIRE to RETIRE’ and built robust Governance system. PROFILE SUMMARY
● Strategic Workforce Planning & Allocation to meet organisation needs.
● Recruiting Metrics and Performance Enhancement programs developed that were aligned with corporate targets and resources.
● Talent Acquisition Strategies implemented, hiring targets and plans for SW Eng. and Professional Services teams (Tech & Non- Tech hiring) across India. Undertook the whole gamut of Staffing and Partial HR functions for Gurgaon Centre. Hiring in Engineering Services and Animation - Product Engineering, Process Engineering, Manufacturing and Architecture & solutions along with IT, ITeS, US Healthcare domains
● Headcount Reduction: Reducing attrition by 3%, while managing the entire NCR Gurgaon centre manpower from 200 to 400 in 1 year.
● Steered Change Management Specialist for major transformation projects to OD.
● Designed & Launched ESS Internal HR Portal. Involved in Process Optimization & employed various Best HR Practices.
● Mapped & Standardized Grade across verticals. Benchmarked Role and salary.
● Internal Quarterly Newsletters 24 Volume published for organisation.
● Participated as HR Advisory for various NCR & Non-NCR Units into implementation & centralizing of various Transactional HR Programs, Training & Development, Employee Engagement initiatives, Organisational Development & towards improvement and execution of processes to support the complete end to end Life cycle of Employee.
● HR Policies Survey Organized and designed the draft of HR Manual
● HR Operational Support offered across over more than 10 various Units with CFT functional expertise to meet needs of the business needs.
● Driven a positive and engaged associate base by participating in and communicating engagement activities and other Employee Relations related tasks.
● NCLT of organization & Post Merger Acquisition- Played key roles in multiple HR transactions activities during due diligence under. In Coordination with E&Y for the documentation involved during NCLT. Identifying, developing and monitoring process improvement opportunities arising from inefficiencies or from new processes, policies or services being introduced. Support in Mergers and Acquisitions for all HR matters, in both preliminary assessment and later integration phase
● UK/ US Global HR process handled & supported and other specialist HR services to employees and line managers and also to be key member of UK – HR helpdesk.
● Overseeing smooth operations of the Shared Services team and providing strategic guidance to the Shared Services Manager and HR team and monitoring other departmental efficiency ensuring that support from the Shared Services Team is seamless.
● Employee Relations and Engagement –Framed & ensured strong implementation of POSH. - Investigations, Complaints & Harassment redressal. Initiated and launched Gender equality and the empowerment of women was the focus of CSR activities.
● Learning & Development -Conceptualized e-learning solutions (self-paced learning) and LMS.
● Soft Skill Training: Recognized for providing quality soft skills training to 1,500 workers in various Company units across India over the course of 6 years in Amtek Auto Ltd.
● Devised effective design and rollout of Talent Development Program. Reduced overall training costs by 5%.
● Diversity & Inclusion: -Infused & Lead D&I agenda for 2019, increase Gender & cultural diversity to 5%, followed by differently able workforce. Advice Human Capital Partners on strategic people- related matters and design solutions that can help transform businesses.
● Oversee HR service delivery ensuring alignment with business and HR strategic objectives
● Internal Audits conducted across 15 various locations.
● Strategic People Partnering: Targets Validation, and Cascading for all the businesses. Setting up Calibration sessions and reviewing the Merit Hike % proposed by the managers along with business head Sharing simulation and specific insights to business heads on merit hikes FUNCTIONAL COMPENTENCY
• HR Operations Management
• HR Strategic Partnering & Consulting
• Team Leadership & Development
• Change Management
• Process Re- engineering
• Talent Acquisition / Talent Management
• Employee Engagement
• Learning & Development
• OD Interventions & Employee Relation
• Grievance Handling / Coaching
• Total Compensation & Benefit Reward
• Performance Management System
• Employee Life Cycle.
• Organisation Restructuring
ACADEMIC DETAILS
• Pursuing Senior Executive Development
Program in Driving Growth –CXO
Program- XLRI, Jamshedpur.
• PGDM(HR)-SVKM’s-NMIMS-Narsee Monjee
Institute of Management Studies, Mumbai.
• PGD (Public Relation)- Rajendera Prasad
Institute of Communication and
Management, New Delhi.
• BA(Psychology-Hons) -Delhi University
Gallup Top Strength
• Adaptability
• Includer
• Responsibility
• Self-Assurance
• Restorative
•
•
pg. 2
CURRENT PROFILE
AGM – Talent Acquisition (Head)
Medvarsity, Hyderabad www.medvarsity.com Nov’22 till March’23 Recently Joined Medvarsity (Hyderabad)-Asia`s largest healthcare Ed-Tech company offering online and blended learning programs for healthcare professionals. Responsible for process improvement & overseeing Talent Acquisition, Talent Management & Vendor Management. Responsible for creating leadership pipeline & Hiring (Technical Sales & Non-Sales) for disparate verticals across India & Dubai. Lead Team Size of 5.
KRA : - Talent Attraction, Talent Management & Strategic Business Partnering
Target Hiring- 100% Achievement of Monthly / Yearly Management category hiring target alignment exercises to check alignment with business and goal. Leadership Tech/ Non-Tech Resources hiring (Content Writer, Data Scientist, Sales, System Development Engineer, Product Engineer.
ATS complete utilisation of Recruitment Data Management & Reporting.
Generated Talent pool via various social media, vendor (Consulting & RPO)
Retention few Initiatives designed & implemented for Sales workforce.
Designing Virtual Connect Programs in this remote working scenario connect with all employees for all the new joiners
Initiating PIP (Performance Improvement Plan) for consistent poor performers.
100% of all new joiners to attend standard 5 days induction. Ensuring TA compliance and continuous process improvement. Maintained the Diversity Ratio in the businesses as per targets. Specifically, 40% for the overall population and minimum 50% for GET / DET hiring.
Generation of Talent Report & various MIS generation with the potential rating. Detailed analysis of results and identification of HI -Pots and action point
Weekly ‘Open Doors Session’ with People Business Partner for all New Hires PROFESSIONAL JOURNEY / PREVIOUS PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AGM – (Corporate Talent Acquisition Head)
BC Jindal Group, New Delhi www.jindalgroup.com Dec’19- Jan’22 Accountable for overseeing for HR Operations of Poly Business/Flexible Packaging Entity. Involved in career development of employees. Improved employee performance and engagement through a targeted development mix of Skill Building, Line Manager Capability, Leadership Capability, Reward and Recognition, Campus Connect, and Internal Job Posting. KRA : - HR Operation & Business Support / Change Management / Transformation Projects
Involved in reframing of Group HR Policies.
Served as a Strategic Business Advisor Partner for SBU leadership on HR Initiatives. Supporting\ BU’s leads with various reports required for Talent Management and Succession Planning along with Head HR. Promote continuous focus on internal mobility.
Conducted “Employee-Engagement Programs” as well as People Plus initiatives such as /Townhalls/Post Exit Connect. Assisting company-wide programs to improve employee engagement and job involvement, resulting in lower staff attrition and higher productivity.
Compensation negotiation, framing and work-out, market comparison, CTC grid mapping
Contributed in forming and rolling out the HR Shared Services team.
Defined & aligned departmental along with individual KRA/ KPI alignment, Mid-Year Reviews, Annual Reviews, Handling appraisal activities for specific business vertical.
Responsible for supporting strategic programs, such as “Workforce Planning and Business Transformation”.
Conduct periodic reviews of existing Internal Jindal Portal & upgradation, suggesting suitable amendments as per organisation requirements.
Driven end to end Organization People Review [OPR] for the entire organization as Project Lead
Maintained the Diversity Ratio in the businesses as per targets. Specifically, 40% for the overall population and minimum 50% for GET / DET hiring
People Project
Project 1: EBITDA Improvement (Headcount Cost Reduction by 5%) Supported a strategy for Manufacturing Plants to reduce its operation and manpower costs and reach to global industry levels.
Project 2: Process Improvement (Synergies) It involved Harmonization and Integration

Designed & rolled out “Human Capital Survey” in 2021 of
different HR policies of 5 business entities with current workflow. After acquisition of DOMO Europe.
Project 3: Alumni Connect Scope of the project is to express the gratitude to each & every employee who were part of successful journey of the company, collaborate with all ex-employees together either virtually or in person, promote to build & grow the organizational brand through word- of-mouth marketing, facilitate the Talent acquisition team & provide career opportunities to Alumni’s families.
EXTERNAL TRAININGS

• Team Building for HIPOTS-2011
• Foreign Corrupt Practice Act- 2007
• Corrupt Practice Act 2007.
• Code of Conduct – 2007.
• Personal Deve / Productivity – 2006.
• Partnering across Cultures
• (India & US Focus)– 2006.
• Partnering across Cultures
• (India & US Focus)– 2006.
• Executive Development Program in
Corporate Warfare and Competitive
Intelligence -Amity -2004
PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS
• Certified as Internal Auditor on (ISO: 9001)
from Moody CIL, New Delhi.
• Certified- Enterprise Resource Planning
(ERP- SAP- HCM Module) from CDAC.
• Completed 1Year Computer Diploma in
Software Engineering from Aptech - 2000.
• HR Analytics Certification course – IIM
Rohtak in 2020.
• Certified in (Psychometric Profiling),
Thomas International’s Personal Profile
Analysis (PPA /DISC)
• Completed certificate Program - “Train the
Trainer POSH Program” - June 2022
• Certified Program -“Indian Labour Law &
Statutory Compliances” –Aug’ 2022.
• Certified in “Developing and Implementing
KRA/ KPI”- Mar’ 2023.
HR SOFTWARE EXPOSURE
• GreytHR
• Darwin box HR
• Farsight HCM Engine
Client Managment
• Worked on in-house projects with
International clients across the globe, and
specifically from US, Europe & UK.
•
•
3
Sr. Manager (Corporate HR Operations)
Amtek Auto (P) Ltd, New Delhi www.amtek.com Apr'09-Dec’19 Managing all phases of the HR lifecycle & HR Business Operations. Led standardization of HR Practices/ Process across Pan India for all employees based at 15 major locations along with team size of 3. Also led the India team for Job Description/ Job Evaluation & job leveling for Manufacturing Job Family. KRA : -OD Intervention, Reward & Employee, Learning & Development, Capability Building
Have been Audit SPOC to drive HR Audits Pan India.
Organizational Restructuring & Rationalization program. CTC & Grade mapping for annual increment correction.
Developed OD data & reporting and work collaboratively with HR analytics to ensure data and insights are developed across OD, HR, Comp & Ben to interrelated effects of OD, compensation & HR programs.
Investigations, Complaints & Harassment redressal (POSH Committee).
Conceiving SOP for Labour Management. Ensuring Statutory Compliances & liaison with various agencies & authorities. Monitoring compliance with labour statues and attending legal issues.
Responsible for Total Rewards processes. Target appraisal by following the global norms and facilitating Variable Pay-out.
Managing complete 4 PMS Cycle and establishing framework for substantiating the performance appraisal system linked to reward management.
Successfully executed “Referral Program “& driven “Campus Hiring” – GET / DET.
Capability Building - Part of competency building initiatives which included skill building, technical and domain landscaping, project specific training plan along with Business Heads to increase technical competency index for every associate.
Monthly monitoring of [Post Exit Connect] inputs and displaying results and causes in different leadership forums. Employee Connect (Conducting Skip Level meetings, One-on-One connects.

Sr. Staffing Consultant/ Resource
NCR Corporation (P) Ltd, Gurgaon www.ncr.com Feb'06-Sep'07 Responsible for undertaking the whole gamut of Tech Staffing and Partial HR functions for IDC. Translate staffing requirements from business units into effective talent acquisition strategies, and Professional Services teams across India.
KRA : - Employee Branding, HRIS, Compensation & Benefit
Conceptualizing employee branding via various social media & Print Media along rolling out
‘Welcome kit’. 100% Data accuracy in HRIS Portal.
Translated strategic business plans to HR / Branding Strategy and operational plans which also encompasses Learning & Development and working on various Cross functional team.
Handled recruitment of Tech Hiring resources on various skills sets (dealing in APAC Countries). Helping creating leadership pitches for reviews & presentation pertaining to hiring.
MIS - Different analyses done and insights provided to leadership
• Salary Exception Analysis - To check percentage hike given to new hires and adherence to salary grids.
• Training the Recruiters and HR Team on the Hiring process and adapt to the new digitised platform
• Global Replacement Cost - Definition, approach, methodology formulation, data collation, analysis and dashboard publishing.
• Monthly & YTD Global Scorecard - Tracking of costs, effectiveness, productivity parameters month on month facilitating constant improvement. Improved Ontime Fill rate & C&B cost calculation structure. UK People Business Partner
Steria (Xansa Ltd.), Noida www.steria.com Sep’04-Jan’06 Responsible for supporting and handling UK Global HR process and other specialist HR services to employees and line managers and also to be key member of UK – HR helpdesk. KRA: - HR Communication, Employee Relation, People Strategy
Worked as Deputy to People Service Manager for HR People Help Desk in Xansa Facilitated management of all activities of the People Service Centre. Ensured that queries are handled and service provided in accordance with defined Service Levels. Responsible for maintaining the People Pages India site for accurate and up to date information.
Handling Employee Relation issues on account of performance, policy violation or any other grievance. Ensuring prompt and timely resolution of employee grievances and maintaining cordial ER. HR Executive
BIDM Asia Pacific Systems Pvt. Ltd Gurgaon www.bidm.com Jul'00-Aug'04 Served as a HR Facilitator for employees to support in all HR initiatives. KRA : - HRIS, Training,Payroll
HRIS /MIS - Developing and maintaining HR Scorecard on Quarterly basis. Developing and maintaining HR Scorecard on Quarterly basis. Preparing MIS, PPT for HR department review and meeting, also prepare MIS for analysis. Managing Employee Leave Management System
Payroll: Administration of employee benefits like Group Mediclaim Coverage, Group Personal Accident, Group Term Life, Bonus, Salary Processing, PF / ESI & Performance linked incentives.
Ensuring HR Database is updated on real time with all employee information. ACHIIEVEMENT
• Received “Best Employee of the Month
Award” in Amtek Auto Ltd.
• Awarded as “Best Staffing Consultant”
under HR Recognition program for Q2 &
Q3 2007.
• Managed the entire NCR Gurgaon centre
headcount from 200 to 400 in 1 years
single handily played key player in
establishing better recruitment system
support & reduced attrition rate by 3 %.
• Awarded as ‘Bidmite” for the best
performance and implementation of
HRIS software.
• Recognized for hiring maximum
Technical Resources on (PB / People Soft
& Java) in 2002.
• Framing and conceptualizing Online
Rewards & Recognition portal.
• Built brand of “VEE CREATE VALUE” – IT
Services from scratch by identifying and
conducting drives at various Locations
along with the Team.
• Collaborated with the Stake Holders, HR
Business Partners & prepared proposals
for establishment of MSIL “Centre of
Excellence” across various locations.
• C
o
l
l
a
b
o
r
a
t
e
d
w
i
t
h
t
h
e
S
t
a
k
e
H
o
l
d
e
r
s
,
p
r
e
p
a
Contact this candidate