Micaiah C. Anigbo
Oklahoma City, OK Dallas-Ft Worth, TX
469-***-**** ady64a@r.postjobfree.com

Detailed, insightful, and adaptable MACU Junior offering seven years of Customer Service, Fortune 500, and multi-industry experience in a collaborative, project based, analytical internship with potential to continue.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Data Analytics and Multidiscipline in Psychology
Expected May 2024 GPA 3.67
Mid America Christian University - OK
20+ Credits Toward Associate of Arts In Education
Bible Missionary Institute - IL
AWARDS & HONORS
Freshman Orientation Host, MACU
Salt & Light Award Dinner, MACU
Iron Man Leadership Course, MACU
Scholarship Gala, MACU
Prayer Breakfast, MACU
Dean’s List, MACU
Employee of the Month, FedEx
COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT
Group Facilitator & Tour Guide Intern, City Service Mission
Summer Camp Intern, Urban Promise
Food Pantry, MACU BMC
Nursing Home Visitation, BMC
Kids Club Organizer, BMC
Tween Mentor, BMC
COMPUTER SKILLS
MS Excel, MS Word, Client Central, Verafin, Partner Care, Compass, Base2000, Relationship Manager
QUALIFICATIONS
Active Communication: Documented skill at persuasively communicating in writing and orally to in Fortune 50 to community settings. Adept at listening to and reading customers and managers to rapidly produce desired, high-quality results.
Analytical Solutions: Proven to quickly master tasks, technologies, and skills in stressful, changeable, and regulated settings. Adept at fulfilling tasks with minimal supervision. Research, resolve, and document customer and business issues.
Open Collaboration: Partner with up to eight on numerous, concurrent projects. Able to multitask, organize, and prioritize. Upbeat with strong situational fluency and social skills. Deftly connect with diverse ethnic and socio-economic groups.
Industrious Leadership: History of exceeding metrics in telecom, bank, transport, and customer service spaces. Recognized service, scholarship, and leadership at US News Top University. Calculated risk taker with penchant for travel. Strong computer skills.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
City Service Mission – Washington, D.C. Nashville, TN 6/2021 – Present
Group Facilitator & Tour Guide Intern
Lead and orient groups to ministry opportunities and experiences for urban, faith-based organization. Facilitate group tours, scheduling, and discussions.
Effective Communicator: Often complimented for framing activities that resonate with candid humor and insight for up to 15 on 1-5 day excursions
Flexible: Selected and flown to TN to assist with high demand.
FedEx – Oklahoma City, OK 9/2021 – Present
Outbound Packaging Specialist
Ensure successful sorting, transfer, and delivery at Fortune 50 transport firm.
Awarded Performance: Recognized as Employee of the Month for assisting with team morale, organization, and workflow improvements.
Personal Development: Honored to be selected for Resident Advisor, Freshman Orientation Host, and Iron Man Leadership as MACU sophomore.
Urban Promise – Wilmington, DE 6/2022 - 8/2022
Summer Camp Intern
Ministered to inner-city children and families at fast-paced Christian non-profit.
Risk Mitigation: Visited 3-5 families weekly. Learned to navigate unpredictable neighborhoods and unfamiliar culture.
Educator: Taught Bible Knowledge and Character daily to three K-6 classes of 20+ predominately African American students.
Urban Promise – Wilmington, DE 6/2022 - 8/2022
Summer Camp Intern (Continued)
Ministered to inner-city children and families at fast-paced Christian non-profit.
Interpersonal Relations: Engaged in team building with 3-12 interns from four continents. Collaborated with 10 on cooking and cleaning assignments.
Conflict Resolution: Utilized humor and proactive nature to de-escalate staff and student conflicts.
Washington Federal Bank – Boise, ID 7/2019 – 5/2021
Director of Service Agent
Served as initial contact for Client and Branch concerns for 200+ branches in eight states. Effectively responded to calls and emails in respectful, confidential, and timely manner. Conducted research over bank systems, internet, online and mobile apps, and commercial databases to resolve customer issues. Actively developed knowledge of bank policies, regulations, and business skills. Gathered State, Federal, and branch compliance. Documented findings. Mentored colleagues.
High Metrics: Selected and resolved 40 calls daily (exceeding 25 required).
Leadership: Selected to review debit card orders.
Industrious: Hired from temporary agency after six months due to strong communication, organization, and computer skills.

Group O (AT&T) - Milan, IL 6/2018 – 6/2019
Customer Service Representative
Handled disgruntled client interactions for Fortune 500 telecom subsidiary. Utilized personable and prompt manner in call center. Ethically and accurately processed credit and gift card information. Resolved declined card issues.
Customer Engagement: Received positive customer response rankings of 8+ on scale of 10 with very diverse customer base.
Quick Learner: Rapidly mastered 100% of call scripts as full time college student.
Pizza Ranch Maid Rite – Davenport, IA Area 8/2017 – 5/2018
Customer Attendant
Accurately, warmly, and efficiently fulfilled customer requests at local restaurants. Courteously collaborated with colleagues. Modeled consistent and punctual attendance. Cross trained in multiple areas, including Greeter, Cook, and Server.
Composed: Frequently assigned to work with large parties due to ability to remain calm under pressure and establish strong rapport with Guests.
Goal Driven: Paid off BMI college debt within one year of course completion.
Lawn Ranger Eason Outdoors – Dallas-Ft Worth, TX Area 5/2014-7/2016
Landscaping Specialist
Provided high-end commercial and residential lawn, landscaping, tree trimming, and basic construction services for diverse and discriminating customers.
Collaboration: Worked with 3-8 adults while in High School at Lawn Ranger.
Logistics Planning: Gained invaluable insights on service, rate, and timeline negotiations at Eason Outdoors.
Time Management: Consistently delivered five star service on schedule, weather permitting.
Contact this candidate