CAREER OBJECTIVE
A highly skilled, competent, and diligent individual seeking an opportunity in a reputed organization where I can learn new skills, expand my knowledge and establish my career as a Data Analyst or Data Science. To get an opportunity where I can make the best of my potential and contribute to the organization growth Contact
adye6c@r.postjobfree.com
983-***-****
Lucknow, India
LinkedIn
Education
MBA (Business Analytics and Marketing)
Dehradun Institute of Technology,
Dehradun
July 2019 - July 2021
Technical Skills
Programming: Python, R, and
Machine Learning
Analytics: Marketing Analytics, Descriptive
and Predictive Analytics
Visualization: Tableau, Power BI, and Excel
Charts, Pivot Tables, Matplotlib
Databases: MySQL, MongoDB
Tools: MS Oﬃce
Soft Skills
Excellent criticalthinking,
Knowledgeable aboutdata analysis
tools, Problem Solving, Analytical
Languages
English, Hindi
Certification
Diploma in Computer
Applications
Summer Intern in Hindustan Coca Cola
(HCCB Pvt. Ltd.)
Data Science
Certiﬁed Data Scientist in
Fingertips Data Intelligence
Solutions (Ahmedabad)
Work Experience
Sales Executive in Bailley (Packaged Drinking Water) Parle Agro Pvt. Ltd.
July 2021 - current/Lucknow
Cultivated strong professional relationships with industry partners and created focused campaigns to drive business development.
Contacted existing customers or clients to gather testimonials and evidence to support sales proposals
Identiﬁed product or service improvements by remaining current on industry trends, market activities and competitors.
Analyzed sales space capacities based on system parameters, securing high stock availability.
Certiﬁcation and Learning
Completed Data Scientist Masters learning course from fingertips with JainX University of 7 Months.
Projects Handled
Big Mart Sales Analysis (SQL)
Import Data in MySQL Write SQL Quires for fetch the values and write answers Using DDL and DML Commands (likes tables, Joins, Aggregate Operators, Strings functions and Constraints)
Working on Data manipulations and data cleaning where multiple products across multiple stores in different cities need to be segregated. Machine Learning (Python)
Titanic Analysis: By using Logistic Regression & Classification, Predicting Survival rate of the passengers with relation to independent factors affecting the same and with the application of feature engineering before Machine Learning.
Credit Card Fraud Analysis: A highly unbalanced Dataset, which was handled with creating 2 separate objects both having minimum data of 0 and 1 classes, at last, successful applying Machine Learning Algorithm.
Transport the Data do Exploratory Data Analysis where I explore the Data and handle NaN values with helps of the Pandas and NumPy, Seaborn and Matplotlib helps me to understand data and find correlations of data
I working on several Projects of Supervised Learning and Unsupervised Learning where I work on different Algorithms (Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Decision Tree, SVM, KNN, Random Forest) Tableau
Make Report on Prosper Loan, Sample Superstores, Retail Analysis, Spread of Corona Virus in India and give insights through visualization Power BI
Proven Experience in BI report Development, Data Modeling, Power Query, Report Visualization with good understanding of DAX
Contact this candidate