RIDVAN Z
Sachse, TX ***** 210-***-**** adyg99@r.postjobfree.com WWW: https:// www.linkedin.com/in/ridvanzilelidatascience1905

SUMMARY

Experienced Data Scientist with a strong academic background in mathematics and information technology management. Over a year of proven experience in the field, specifically in the ecommerce grocery sector. Permanent resident of the United States. Possess a diverse skill set developed over 14 years, including problem-solving, creativity, teamwork, adaptability, time management, and leadership. Highly motivated to learn and take on challenging projects with a dynamic and energetic approach.

WORK HISTORY

MACHINE LEARNING ENGINEER INTERN 03/2023 to Current
Magnimind Academy, Santa Clara, CA
Transformed raw data to conform to assumptions of machine learning algorithm.
Studied new technologies to support machine learning, deep learning and NLP applications.
Collaborated with multi-disciplinary product development teams to identify performance improvement opportunities and integrate trained models.
Identified new problem areas and researched technical details to build innovative products and solutions.
DATA SCIENCE INTERN 09/2021 to 10/2022
Pergamo, Mulheim, Germany
Identified, analyzed and interpreted trends in complex data sets using supervised and unsupervised learning techniques.
Helped develop database solutions using multiple SQL languages.
Performed advanced data extraction and data manipulation.
Performed data administration duties for databases.
Brainstormed with data personnel to define data modeling standards for projects.
Developed and coded software programs, algorithms and automated processes to cleanse and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources.
Used Power BI, Tableau and Python to manage and analyze large data sets.
Created data visualization graphics, translating complex data sets into comprehensive visual representations.
Managed over 50 customer calls per day. Increased sales by 10%.
DATA SCIENCE FELLOW 11/2021 to 06/2022
TechPro Education
Completed over 600 hours of hands-on curriculum, with mentor oversight and capstone project.
Developed skills in Python, SQL (MySQL, Oracle, MS SQL Server), data analysis, data visualization, hypothesis testing, machine learning, and deep learning.
Analyzed large datasets to identify trends and patterns in customer behaviors.
Developed polished visualizations to share results of data analyses.
Ran statistical analyses within software to process large datasets.
Proficient in Python libraries such as Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, StatsModels, TensorFlow, Keras, and Scikit-learn.
Utilized Jupyter, Microsoft VSCode, Kaggle, Google Colab, and Spider environments for different projects.
Wrote and maintained code and data queries to clean and manipulate data, develop models, calibrate model parameters, validate model performance, and create analytical outputs.
STATISTICS INSTRUCTOR 11/2016 to 07/2018
School Of Science and Technology, San Antonio, TX
Tested and evaluated students on materials presented in workshops and classes.
Increased student participation via engaging lectures and assignments.
Evaluated and revised lesson plans and course content to achieve student-centered learning.
Have achieved a remarkable 100% college acceptance rate among our current year students.
MATH TEACHER, AMC-STEM COACH 08/2018 to Current
Harmony Public Schools, Dallas, TX
Diversified teaching techniques and learning tools help students with differing ability levels and varied learning modalities.
Assessed student comprehension through regular quizzes, tests, and assignments.
Prepared and implemented lesson plans covering required course topics.
STAAR Tests witnessed an impressive growth rate of 90%, while an impressive 60% of students achieved scores of 3 or higher in AP Exams.
Moreover, annually, our institution has consistently participated in prominent science fairs and renowned math competitions, with consistent attendance of over 10 students, garnering notable recognition and rewards.
CURRICULUM WRITER, TEST COORDINATOR 05/2019 to 06/2023
Harmony Public Schools, Dallas, TX
Trained other workers in inspection and testing procedures.
Followed safety protocols while handling hazardous materials.
Provided feedback to production team regarding product quality.
Monitored curriculum and school practices for adherence to state educational laws.
Designed detailed plans to help teachers introduce new technology into classrooms.
Collaborated with colleagues in developing benchmark lessons and identifying curriculum needs of faculty.
Five districts in the Harmony Public Schools system received A-Ratings on Thursday in the Texas Education Agency's annual Accountability Ratings. Two others received B-Ratings.

EDUCATION

Master’s Degree.: Management of Information Technologies, 05/2017
International Burch University - Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnia and Herzegovina

Thesis:
The Effects of Other Countries' Stock Markets on The Behavior of Turkish Stock
Market in 2008 Financial Crisis and Predictability of Returns

3.6 GPA
Bachelor of Science: Mathematics and Science Education, 06/2009
Gazi University - Ankara, Turkey

SKILLS

Technical Skills
Programming Skills: ● Python ● Java ● Spring Boot ● JavaScript ● HTML5 ● CSS
Data Skills: ● MySQL ● SQL Server ● Tableau ● Power BI ● MS Excel (Pivot Tables, V Lookup) ● NoSQL ● Mongo Db ● AWS Cloud ● PySpark ● PyTorch ● Keras ●TensorFlow

Statistical Analysis Tools: ● SPSS ● R-Studio ● SAS
General Skills
● Data Preparation ● Data Modeling ● Data Analyzing ● Data Visualization ● Google Suites ● Spreadsheets ● Data Warehousing ● Database Structures & Algorithms ● ETL Methodologies ● MLOps ● Statistical Analytics ● Machine Learning ● NLP ● Agile Methodologies ● Linear and Multiple Regression ● Deep Learning

CERTIFICATIONS

DataCamp Introduction to SQL
DataCamp Introduction to Importing Data in Python
DataCamp Python Data Science Toolbox (Part 1)
DataCamp Python Data Science Toolbox (Part 2)
DataCamp Introduction to Programming Using Python
DataCamp Data Manipulation with Pandas
DataCamp Intermediate Python
IBM What is Data Science?
IBM Introduction to Data Engineering
TechProEducation Data Science Full Stack Program
Google Foundations: Data, Data, Everywhere

PORTFOLIO PROJECTS

Tableau Project Covid 19 World/Countries/States Confirmed Cases Visualization
Power BI Project Visualization of Total Sales, Total Cost and Gross Profit of a Company
Python Numpy Project Inspecting Blood Transfusion Data
Analyzing NYC Taxi Trip Dataset
Python Pandas Project Analyzing School Safety Reports in New York City Police Department
EDA with Python Forbes 2022
Statistics Tests Blood Transfusion
Cross Validation Cross Validation with Scikit Learn
Machine Learning Project Birth Statistics in the US in 2014
Logistic Regression
NYC Real Estate Forecast
Building Recommendation System
NLP Project Twitter Data Sentiment Analysis,
Resume Parsing System
Resume Scanner System

WEBSITES

https://github.com/ridvan5886
https://www.kaggle.com/ridvanzileli
https://stackoverflow.com/users/20481563/ridvan-zileli

.
Contact this candidate