Hammad Zaki Data Scientist
Jharkhand adyihu@r.postjobfree.com 917********* https://www.linkedin.com/in/hammadzaki Experienced Data Analyst with a strong background in Python, SQL, and diverse databases. Proficient in data visualization and skilled in machine learning, especially NLP. Demonstrated success in identifying fraud, improving model accuracy, and optimizing data analysis. Committed to harnessing AI to drive strategic decision-making and elevate customer experiences. Certifications in NLP, AI Engineering, Data Science, and Data Analytics from reputable institutions. SKILLS
Programming languages: Python( numpy, pandas, matplotlib, seaborn, sklearn, Flask ), Sql, HTML Databases: MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, MongoDB, Cassandra Business Intelligence Tool: Tableau, Power BI, Superset, Microsoft Excel Machine Learning: Pytorch, Keras, Regression, Classification, NLP( NLTK, fastText, Spacy) Statistics: Statistical Modeling, Hypothesis testing, Scipy, Descriptive statistics EXPERIENCE
BitsCrunch Banglore
Data Analyst July 2022 to Present
● Developed charts and dashboards in Apache Superset to visualize and analyze the data, resulting in a 30% increase in data accessibility and efficiency of data analysis.
● Analytically detected and analyzed trends and insights in the rapidly expanding market of NFTs (Non-Fungible Tokens), leading to the identification of 35% of fraudulent transactions and informing strategic decision-making processes.
● Extracted image data from various sources to enhance the model accuracy by 20% in detecting and preventing forgery, supporting the efforts of the Data Science team.
● Demonstrated effective communication and teamwork skills for efficient collaboration and task completion with other teams as well.
● Collaborated with the Data Engineering team using Azure DataBricks and PySpark, achieving a 25% reduction in data cleaning time and a 15% improvement in accuracy.
● Employed Selenium automation in the SSH server to collect missing images for NFTs and collections on our analytical website, resulting in a 40% improvement in visual representation accuracy and enhancing the overall user experience. PROJECTS
Project 1: Sentiment Analysis
Goal: Develop a sentiment analysis model for customer reviews on restaurant food to classify them based on sentiment.
● Gathered a dataset of customer reviews specific to restaurant food from Kaggle
● Applied data preprocessing techniques such as cleaning, tokenization, stemming, and stopword handling to prepare the text data for analysis.
● Applied the stemming and Extracted relevant features from the preprocessed text data using techniques like Bag-of-Words or TF-IDF.
● Found the best Hyperparameter using RandomizedSearchCV for SVM, Logistic Regression and Naive Bayes models and then Found the method that performs best using test data.
● Achieved 80% accuracy with the Multinomial naive Bayes model in testing data.
● Developed a web application using Streamlit to showcase sentiment analysis. EDUCATION
M.Sc – Data Science Pune, INDIA
Symbiosis School For Online and Digital Learning June 2023 to Present B.Sc – (Physics & Mathematics) Jharkhand, INDIA
Vinoba Bhave University July 2017 to Nov 2020
CERTIFICATES
Natural Language Processing Specialization Nov 2022 to June 2023 In this program, I gained valuable Natural Language Processing (NLP) skills, including sentiment analysis, word vectors, machine translation, and more. I learned to use various techniques such as recurrent neural networks, LSTM, and attention models to implement tasks like autocorrect, text generation, text analytics, and question-answering. My proficiency in NLP now includes Word2vec, transformers, Hugging Face and other essential tools. IBM Ai Engineering Professional Certificate July 2022 to May 2023 In the IBM AI Engineering certificate program, I gained expertise in Artificial Intelligence (machine learning, deep learning), along with the practical implementation of ML algorithms using SciPy and ScikitLearn. I also learned how to build advanced deep-learning models with Keras, PyTorch, and TensorFlow.
IBM Data Science Professional Certificate Nov 2021 to May 2022 During this Professional Certificate course, I delved into the realms of supervised and unsupervised machine learning, regression, classification, and clustering. Alongside that, I owned my skills in data analysis and predictive modelling, while also mastering essential tools like Python, SQL, Pandas, and Scikit-learn.
Google Data Analytics Professional Certificate Apr 2021 to Nov 2022 This program included over 180 hours of instruction and hundreds of practice-based assessments, based on: Data cleaning, Data Mining, Data Management, Data Modeling, Data ethics, and data visualization with storytelling and some tools like Spreadsheets, SQL, Tableau and R Programming etc.
Contact this candidate