Yancy Dennis
Data Scientist
adylxe@r.postjobfree.com • 443-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/yancydennis/• Owings Mills, MD
Summary
Accomplished senior leader executing data-driven solutions to increase efficiency, accuracy, and utility of internal data processing. Proven background in creating data regression models, using predictive data modeling, and analyzing data mining algorithms to deliver insights and implement action-oriented solutions to complex business problems.
Technical Proficiencies
Oracle SQLPLUS, PL/SQL, VB.Net, Advanced Excel, Java, C#, MySQL, R, Python, Streamlit, PostgreSQL, SAS, AWS, Jira, Databricks, Database Management, Business Architecture
Career Experience
ARDX, Owings Mills, MD 2019 – 2023
Senior Manager of Program Evaluation and Business Analytics, 2020 - 2023
Delivered solutions and actionable insights for key stakeholders to reduce costs, improve outcomes, and forecast business performance. Executed advanced trend analytics, mined data to answer relevant needs, and conducted root cause statistical analyses. Developed predictive models and deploy science-based evaluation processes. Identified indicators of fraud, waste, and abuse by profiling data extracted from the Multidimensional Information and Data Analytics System (MIDAS). Served as subject matter expert on risk adjustment and encounter data.
Identified drug prescribing patterns through analysis of CMS Medicare Advantage Plan prescription drug events.
Cultivated a risk profiling report based on queries for the Integrated Data Repository which holds over 60M Medicare enrollees.
Data Scientist, 2019 – 2020
Led advanced analytics projects utilizing big data and advanced science methods and technologies. Improved customer experience, operational effectiveness, and increased business value delivering insights using advanced statistical and machine learning techniques. Collaboratively built end-to-end data pipelines to deploy advanced models. Developed mathematical and statistical models to distinguish relevant content and recognize patterns.
Effectively designed a data management plan for the Appeals and Integrity Contract.
Evaluated population and policy changes on Program Integrity Priorities utilizing microsimulation efforts.
Fixt, Baltimore, MD 2018 – 2019
Senior Data Analyst Consultant
Designed, built, and maintained efficient, reusable, and reliable data analytics processes and dashboards. Interfaced with clients to identify business needs and recommend solutions. Led client engagement encompassing work plans, staffing, deadlines, budgeting, and strategizing to maintain integrated project plans. Integrated automation across multiple work processes including account management, financial reporting, and pricing strategies. Oversaw the intern program with direction of intern recruitment strategies targeting top tier schools such as MIT and Cornell.
Enhanced customer service with topic models using Python with NLTK to discover hidden semantic structures within customer feedback data.

Building New Leaders, Baltimore, MD 2011 – 2018
Principal
Developed, enhanced, and maintained web and mobile solutions across government and private sector clients. Improved job performance with implementation of workplace initiatives. Tracked industry trends and networked at industry events to remain updated on new technologies.
Cultivated and launched computer applications for the United States Geological Services (USGS), Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA), Boone Restoration, and New York University.
Formulated Access and MySQL database solutions for stakeholders in partnership with Archscan, LLC.
Allegis Group Services, Hanover, MD 2010 – 2011
Solution Architect
Cultivated client solutions focusing on most efficient technological and business processes to enable capabilities required by the business. Analyzed clients’ business and technical challenges, designed comprehensive solutions for smooth integration. Converted business visions into technical solution by liaising with business and technical stakeholders, built a clear technology strategy and roadmap, and remained up to date on industry trends and technologies.
Successfully generated an XML invoice feed for SAP financials with design of C# application for America Online.
Supported Fortune 500 clients with integration of COTS vendor management tools.
Principal, KonceptNexus, Owings Mills, MD 2008-2011
Marketed online professional training courses to educational institutions and Fortune 1000 companies, partnering with the National Education Foundation. Developed social networking and educational websites using Drupal CMS.

Targeted potential clients, increasing enrollment.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams, meeting/exceeding project goals.
Lead Business Architect, CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield, Owings Mills, MD 2007-2008
Oversaw the implementation of the company's business system architecture to support a significant healthcare services conversion project. This three-year, $100 million initiative ultimately yielded a $157 million ROI.

Automated the process of gathering requirements, resulting in an improvement in the quality assessment of requirements by the Requirements Competency Center.
Led an impact analysis that resulted in a 30% reduction in the requirements gathering phase.
IT Strategy Leader (Office of the CIO), CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield, Owings Mills, MD 2005-2007
Partnered with executive leadership at CareFirst to define and implement the company's corporate and IT strategies.

Developed and gained approval for the 2006 and 2007 IT strategies aligned with CareFirst's corporate goals.
Pioneered a new IT management system that improved service delivery and cost-effectiveness.
Designed and implemented the Measurement and Analysis Process Area for CareFirst's CMMI (L3) initiative.
Provided business process mapping training to a cross-functional Swat Team for claims process improvement.

Strategic Technology Manager/Director, Capital One Financial Services, Glen Allen, VA 2002-2005
Demonstrated expertise in grid computing and genetic algorithm optimization, and successfully applied these techniques to a real-world business problem.

Successfully managed three vendors, including IBM, Genalytics, and Platform Computing, to develop and implement a genetic algorithm-based credit risk prediction model in a grid computing environment.
Worked closely with cross-functional teams across multiple departments at Capital One to ensure successful integration of the model into business operations.
Managed a team of up to 25 associates, including project managers, developers, and architects, to deliver complex technology solutions on time and within budget.

Principal Engineer, Capital One Financial Services, Glen Allen, VA 2000-2002
Demonstrated leadership in selecting data warehouse platform, enhancing analytics, improving processes, and managing projects.

Led the adoption of a new high-performance computing $100 Million data warehouse platform, Teradata.
Planned and managed the on-time and on-budget delivery of up to 60 concurrent projects.
Acknowledged for successfully achieving 90% customer satisfaction ratings on all projects.

Strategic Project Manager, E.I. DuPont de Nemours, Richmond, VA 1996-2000
Directed and reengineered applications resulting in significant performance improvement and accolades.

Directed the migration of a $2 Million legacy manufacturing application into a 3-tiered object-oriented client-server environment, leading the team to capture the Inaugural Stellar Award.
Reengineered the client-service application, resulting in a remarkable 95% performance improvement.

Consulting Engineer, E.I. DuPont de Nemours, Wilmington, DE 1990-1996
Utilized vector processing capabilities and advanced cooling systems of the Cray T90/C90 to optimize performance and ensure reliable operation, demonstrating expertise in high performance computing and computational simulation.

Conducted computer simulations to predict flammability for chemical reactions, utilizing ChemKin to model complex chemical systems and determine appropriate parameters for safe operation of chemical processes.
Analyzed simulation results to identify potential hazards and develop risk mitigation strategies, demonstrating expertise in chemical process safety and computational simulation.
Education
Doctor of Philosophy in Chemical Engineering University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA
Master of Science in Chemical Engineering University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA
Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA
Strategic Uses of Technology Stanford University, Stanford, CA
Bargaining and Negotiating University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA
Certifications
Crash Course on Python
Using Python to Interact with the Operating System
Contact this candidate