VIKAS GOPALAKRISHNAN
Business Process Lead
A*-**13, Aishwaryam Hamara,
Gat No-94, Dehu-Alandi Road,
Jadhavwadi, Chikhali
Ph: +91-993*******
Email: adymgw@r.postjobfree.com
SKILLSET
●Data Science
oKnowledge of data science algorithms linear and logistic regression algorithms, decision trees and random forest, boosting methods, SVM and KNN algorithms.
oHands-on experience in performing exploratory data analysis, data aggregation, feature engineering, data modelling, and data prediction.
oGood understanding of ROC, AUC, KS, accuracy and lift performance matrix.
oKnowledge with clustering techniques like K-means clustering and hierarchical clustering.
oTime series analysis using - hot winters, AR, MA and ARMA.
oAlso have a fair amount of understanding in text analysis, sentiment analysis.
oKnowledge of Deep learning algorithms using Keras and TensorFlow.
●Python
oGood knowledge in python programming.
oHands-on experience with different tools like Pandas, Numpy, Sci-kit learn. Data Visualization using Matplotlib, Seaborn and Plotly.
●SAS
oHands-on experience in SAS Base programming.
oExtracting data from different sources in SAS
oCreating reports using advance SAS like SAS Macros and SAS SQL feature.
oWorking on data cleaning, feature handling, creating new features.
oKnowledge on SAS BI tools like Enterprise Guide, SAS Information MAPS and BI Dashboards.

●R programming
oGood knowledge in R programming.
oHands-on experience of machine learning concepts in R and working with different libraries like dplyr and data visualization tools like ggplot.
oWorking on Data models like linear regression, and logistic regression, decision trees, random forest and boosting methods.
Data Science Projects:

I)Real Estate : A real estate agency wanted to reduce the negotiation time and improve closure for buyers and sellers of homes by ensuring that both sides were advised well on the potential sale/purchase price of the home. To that end the agency wanted to predict a transaction price for all the houses in its market which would be as close as possible to a price where the transaction would take place. Data regarding all possible variables and qualities of over 10,000 houses sold in the past was collected and analyzed.
Solution: Created a predictive model using linear regression to arrive at a potential transaction price for all future transactions. Over the next 6 months, negotiation time was brought down from 3 weeks on average to 8 days. Deal closure went up by 28%.

II)Banking: A bank in Portugal was rolling out a new term deposits product for its existing customers. They wanted to understand which of their existing customers to call and target for this new product so that ROI would be high. In the past they had connected to their customer base through phone calls for various other products. Results for these previous campaigns had been made available for over 50,000 customers.
Solution: Used Logistic regression to create a propensity model to predict those customers most likely to respond positively to the new product and the campaign. Model had an accuracy of 85% and increased campaign ROI by 78%.
EXPERIENCE

Tata Consultancy Services
Oct 2006-Till date

O j Holdings
Apr 2022 – Mar 2023
Worked as a PMO for this project. Major responsibilities:
●Managing all kinds of allocations within the team. Adding Cost Budget to the project IDs and allocating team members.
●Co-ordinating with Project Managers for allocation of new associates. Updating bill rates to the system and co-ordinating with HR to have them allocated to the project. Taking regular follow-ups with Resource Management team for allocations.
●Working on reports to be sent to the Delivery Partner and assisting him in his day-to-day tasks.
●Sending Quarterly projections to the ISU team and analysing on actual revenue and cost data to find the gaps.
●Working closely with vendors to understand their payment schedules as mentioned in the SOW.
●Tracking of vendor invoices and clearing them from the system and helping their payments to reach on time. Co-ordinating with the finance team for payments and invoice acceptance.
●Also create new POs and booking of cost in the POs.
●Reporting to ISU head to track payments to vendors. Also provide them with revenue projections and cost projections on a monthly basis.
●Approving Timesheets for all associates in the system.

PostNord
Sep 2021 – Mar 2022
Worked as PMO with the project. Major Responsibilities were:
●Managing all kinds of allocations within the team. Adding Cost Budget to the project IDs and allocating team members.
●Co-ordinating with Project Managers for allocation of new associates. Updating bill rates to the system and co-ordinating with HR to have them allocated to the project. Taking regular follow-ups with Resource Management team for allocations.
●Working on resourcing of new associates. Finding suitable profiles and conducting initial round of interviews with external hires and internal TCS associates who are looking for new projects. Working with HR, and Project SMEs and scheduling technical round of interviews by providing a panel. Also creating new requests for upcoming requirements and keeping a track of those.
●Working on on-boarding for new associates. Assisting them in all the on-boarding formalities like requesting for laptop and providing them access to different application access.
●Working on reports to be sent to the Delivery Partner and assisting him in his day to day tasks.
●Approving Timesheets for all associates in the system.

Acoustic
Jun 2020 – Sep 2021
Acoustic is a retail client based in California. They connect with retail outlets in US to conduct promotions and other marketing tasks.
As a Data Scientist, I was responsible for the below activities:
●Our team works on understanding the impact of sales when a promotion is applied for a particular time in a store on one or more products.
●We work on analysing the data and see if the sales have increased or not.
●Create charts and graphs using visualization tools in python.
Since this was a new engagement, I was given a role of a Tech Lead.
●Managing a team of 5 data scientists and 2 data engineers.
●Reporting to the client team and update status of all the tasks that were assigned to the team.
●Reporting to internal TCS stakeholders and also been a part of the leadership team.
●Also assisted team in recruitment process by taking interviews and selecting candidates based on their technical skills.
●Work closely with the client team and been a part of Agile meetings and sprint planning.
Alcoa
Mar 2020 – May 2020
Worked as a Data Scientist:
Alcoa is a aluminium manufacturing company in Australia. As a Data scientist, our job was to work data generated by sensors on machinery parts. Using data analysis, we predicted when the part need service or replacement. Here we were using Time Series predictions and predicting the exact time when the parts will need replacement.

Sears Holding Corporation
July 2016 – Feb 2020
Worked as L3 SAS Administrator. Major responsibilities are:
●Maintenance of SAS servers. Daily checklist activity for all SAS servers.
●Running Windows patches on all servers as per schedule. Also doing offline maintenance on all the servers as per schedule to ensure that the servers are running smoothly at all times.
●Troubleshoot issues with respect to server crash or downtime. Also co-ordinate with different teams like Corporate Network and Unix team in case of any network related or server related issues.
●Creating and deleting user ids on SAS. Co-ordinate with Unix team for any user id related issues
●BCP activity on SAS servers and server restart activities
Also worked on upgradation of SAS server from 9.3 to 9.4. Upgradation tasks included:
●Migration of user data from old environment to new environment.
●User creation and exporting user related settings to new environment.
●Helping users to install the new version of SAS applications.
Lloyds Bank Project
Jan 2015 – July 2016
Worked as SAS developer with Lloyds Bank project. Major responsibilities are:
●Reviewing and testing SAS codes. Working on optimization of SAS codes for faster report generation.
●Assisting clients for SAS related queries and solving issues.
●As a part of Consumer Risk Analysis, also worked with daily reconciliation tests and reporting changes in data.
●Co-ordinating with clients for new assignments and working closely to resolve client queries.
●Creating customized reports as per the client requirement by using SAS & SAS Enterprise Guide.
●Analyzing the reports and providing the insights to the client which helps them to build business strategies.

Tata Communications Limited
Dec 2012 - Dec 2014
Worked as Quality analyst as a part of TCS in client location.
Major responsibilities are:
●Monitoring calls, emails, chat and ticket for quality.
●Managing associates on floor in the absence of the team leader.
●In case of downtime, coordinating with the IP telephony team and CISCO InstaCC team and following up on the downtime. Analysis of RCA provided by the instaCC team and maintaining a down time tracker.
●Analysis of data with respect to call abandon, re-opens.
●Sending daily reports and weekly reports to managers and stakeholders.
●Managing of response and resolution SLAs of tickets and co-ordinating with team members to assign tickets. Also doing a daily analysis on tickets and giving feedback to associates.
●Giving feedbacks on calls, tickets and emails and chats to all associates and managing agent scorecards.
●Analysis on Customer feedbacks and coordinating with dissatisfied users and understand their issues and create an improvement plan. Also send reports to the management on call DSAT feedbacks.
●Analysis of tickets and working on improving FCR and training associates on call, email and chat ethics.

Corporate Collaboration
Sep 2010 – Dec 2012
Worked for Corporate Collaboration team as L2 Lotus Domino Administrator for Sametime Servers.
●Maintenance of collaboration servers. Daily checklist activity for all sametime as well as application servers.
●Running Windows patches on all servers as per schedule. Also doing offline maintenance on all the servers as per schedule to ensure that the servers are running smoothly at all times.
●Troubleshoot issues with respect to server crash or downtime. Also co-ordinate with different teams like Corporate Network and Windows team in case of any network related or server related issues.
●Monitoring databases like names and external directories, photo databases. Creating and deleting user ids on sametime. Co-ordinate with IAM and messaging team for any user id related issues ex:- removing users from Deny access list.
●Resolving user queries like contact list restoration and other sametime related issues with respect to client and server.
●BCP activity on all sametime servers and application servers like meeting servers, and Audio Video servers.
●Also checking meeting servers and photo servers for any issues and guiding users for any issues with regards to online meeting client.
●Testing of various sametime related applications. Prepare proper test cases and working with developers to rectify any errors in the applications. Also testing new versions of Sametime clients on desktop, mobile and web.
●Co-ordinate with IBM vendors and raise requests with them for any client as well as server related issues.
Important Activities done:-
●Initiated the sametime 8.5.2 rollout for all internal users in Eastern region. Co-ordinated with the IS team in Kolkata to get the ports open for the sametime client and assisting the IS team as well as the users in installing sametime and testing if the sametime is working for the users for both local as well as client domain. Also given training to internal IS team which included sametime configuration and basic issues related to new sametime and also new features in sametime 8.5.2 client.
●Testing of sametime related applications on different browsers and testing the compatibility on all the browsers mainly Firefox, Safari, Internet Explorer 9 and 10 and Google Chrome. Also certifying those applications for Cross Browser compatibility.
●Testing of mobile based sametime applications and rollout for all users in all the locations. Assisting users in configuring sametime 8.5.2 mobile application for Android, IPhones, Blackberry phones and other Symbian phones like Nokia and Sony Ericson.
●Worked on testing of online meeting client for Blackberry phones. Testing of meeting client for all versions of blackberry phones and rollout for all users in TCS

Internal IS Team/Global Helpdesk
Jul 2007 – Sept 2010
Worked as a Technical support representative for internal IT services. Troubleshooting hardware, network issues, lotus notes client troubleshooting for internal users in TCS location. Also assist users in raising change requests and implement change requests.

The Home Depot Technical Helpdesk
Oct 2006-Jul 2007
Worked for a technical process, providing technical support and hardware troubleshooting in store network environment.

Sutherland Global Services(Dec 2005 – Oct 2006): Worked as a Sr. Technical Support executive for Dell.
Intelenet Global Services(Apr 2005 – Dec 2005): Worked for a customer support executive for a UK process.
Wipro Spectramind Pvt Ltd(Apr 2004 – Apr 2005): Worked as customer support executive.
EDUCATION
COURSE
BOARD / UNIVERSITY
PERCENTAGE
B.Sc IT
IIMT
72
H.Sc
Bhopal University
50%

Certifications
●Certified Business Analytics Professional in R and SAS
●ITIL V3 Foundation
●Lotus Domino Administrator
●Edvancer : Certified Business Analytics Professional in R and SAS.
●Edvancer: Certified Data Science Professional in Python.
Contact this candidate