Machine Learning
Data Structures and Algorithms
Computer Vision
Natural Language Processing
Deep learning
Generative AI
LangChain
Python
TensorFlow
Keras
Scikit-learn
Git and Github
SQL
Spark
Docker
OpenCV
Industry Knowledge
Tools and Technologies
Skills
Education
Master of Data Science
Universiti Malaya (UM)
2023 - 2025
Malaysia
Bachelor of Technology
Major: Computer Science and
Engineering.
Lovely Professional University
CGPA: 8.42
Jalandhar, Punjab
Relevant Experience
Developing Anna, A Marketing Co-pilot for Financial Services using GPT3.5-Turbo, LangChain.
Developed AI components for Agastya. A Platform to provide Technical support to Early Learning Schools.
Developed Project planning tool using LangChain and GPT3.5- Turbo.
Developed and deployed a virtual try-on's model using OpenCV and FastAPI.
Developed a Character level BERT model to improve the accuracy of the Spell Model.
Developed a Model that can extract Stock related information from NASDAQ articles using Key phrase extraction techniques. Developed Chatbots using ChatGPT and fine-tuned it according to the client's requirements.
NLP Engineer
Purple Rocket Technologies.
August 2023 - Present
NLP Engineer (Freelance)
Educators' Labs Pvt. Ltd
June 2023 - July 2023
Data Scientist Intern
Inviz AI
May 2022 - May 2023
Mark Nicholas Akyapogu
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mark-nicholas-akyapogu Email: adys1m@r.postjobfree.com
Github: https://github.com/marknicholas15
Contact: +919*********
Projects
Developed a heart attack prediction model using classification techniques.
The model was trained on a dataset of various patient health parameters such as age, blood pressure, cholesterol levels, and family history.
Developed a German-to-English language translation model using Encoder-decoder architecture.
The model was trained on a large dataset of German and English language pairs and was able to accurately translate sentences from German to English
.Heart Attack Prediction
Language Translation.
Certifications
TensorFlow Developer
Specialization -
DeepLearning.AI.
Contact this candidate