Richard D. Hector, Ph.D. Rimrock, AZ *****
Email: adywme@r.postjobfree.com Mobile: 602-***-****
linkedin.com/in/richard-hector-ph-d-08b2261a/

Accomplished Interim Chief Information Officer and Population Health Data Scientist, possessing a strong ability to develop data-driven solutions that drive organizational success. Extensive background in healthcare analytics and a proven track record in leading transformative projects, such as implementing dashboards and reports for performance improvement and value-based contracts. Expertise in utilizing advanced statistical and econometric analyses ensures the achievement of top ratings in value-based contracts. High proficiency in programming languages like R and SAS empowers extraction of valuable insights from complex datasets. Developed interests in RESTful, FHIR and API. Exceptional leadership skills have been demonstrated through successfully managing teams, streamlining data pipelines, and delivering high-quality results that surpass stakeholder expectations. Dedicated to optimizing healthcare operations and fostering innovation in pursuit of enhanced patient outcomes and financial growth.

KEY SKILLS

Analytics: Ordinary Least Square Multilevel Count Survival I Health Economics Outcomes Research Cost-effectiveness Research

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Polara Health
Prescott Valley, AZ
Interim Chief Information Officer/Population Health Data Scientist May 2023 – Present

Contracted with the development of dashboards and reports that will assist the organization with performance improvement, value-based performance and population health management.

Assessing electronic health records platform, dashboard application, workflow and procedures. Developed a strategic plan for quality improvement using standard quality improvement methods and measures that includes charts for workflow, process flow, statistical process control, cause and effect, Pareto (80/20) and other analytics.
Utilizing R programming language for regression and time series analytics. Develop FHIR methods (using XML and SQL) for moving data from different applications. Measures include disease-specific patient-reported outcomes (e.g., depression, substance abuse, self-rated general health), health-related quality of life measures for cost-effective analysis and decision analysis with decision trees using quality-adjusted life years. Once deployed, the anticipated failure rate on critical operations will be less than 1 failure per 1,000 times (e.g., medication errors) and 1 failure per 100 (or less) on less critical operations (e.g., contact information for relatives of client).
Recommendations include use of Deming methods (Plan Do Study Act) to drive results to the highest rating on value-based contracts to provide a lay-person reporting for the board of directors.

Arizona Care Network
Phoenix, AZ
Senior Population Health Analyst June 2022 – April 2023
Contracted to develop methods to increase enhanced payments and outcomes for patients by developing partnerships with primary care, specialists and community-based organizations to the points of addressing health-related social needs.

Extracted, transformed and loaded data for reports including social determinants of health, members not using plan, medication adherence and emergency department use.
Met with team members to develop processes and improve data quality.
Assisted Tableau developer in efficient visualization of results so stakeholders can easily digest information.

Charles R Drew University
Los Angeles, CA
Data Scientist, Co-investigator September 2021 – Present
(Part-time)

Lead analytics investigation for the U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) in Malawi and Zambia, Africa. Utilized SAS and Excel for data management, lead biostatistics efforts, build regression models, managed the data team, guided the study design, wrote statistical analysis plan and interpreted results. Lead writing manuscripts for peer-review publication.

Successfully, streamlined the data acquisition to reduce input errors and creating a cleaner data pipeline.
Develop a dynamic data dictionary for guidance and documenting.
Lead analytics for a Cedars-Sinai study on attitudes on mandatory COVID vaccination for medical professionals, clergy, young adults and children.
Provided extensive data cleaning and wrangling to prepare for building inferential statistical models. Successfully prepared data using transpose, tabulate, and report.
Use SAS to automatically calculate odd-ratios and confidence intervals then export the tables into Excel.
Wrote the statistical analysis plan to build hierarchical models, and use Graphic Template Language for interpreting and presenting results.
Drafted methods and manuscripts for scientific publications and present to stakeholders.

Mount Sinai Health System
New York, NY
Analytics Translator / Data Scientist / Analyst November 2021 – June 2022

Stepped into program for 340B Drug Pricing Program on short notice for payments from HRSA.

Streamlined the program and captured millions of dollars for the hospital.
Tasked with leading the effort on payments for COVID drug reimbursement from FEMA.

Innovation Care Partners (ICP)
Scottsdale, AZ
Informatics Analyst April 2021 – September 2021

Successfully demonstrated proof-of-concept, role involved developing software technology and processes for Bundled Payments for Care Improvement Advanced, resulting claims to share savings while optimizing patient outcomes.

Banner MD Anderson Cancer Center
Glendale, AZ
Data Science – Associate Director January 2019 – April 2021

Developed processes for analytics of value-based contracts as well as data and analytics to support physician compensation.

Successfully supported Oncology Care Model
Implemented system to collect and analyze health-related quality of life data as standard operating procedure in the Oncology Integrated Medicine center.
Changed the dynamic between oncologists and centralized analytics rather than keeping separate data on their own (using MS Excel).
Successfully deployed responsive system for data or analytics for providers and administrative staff.
Designed and obtained a “helpdesk” (in the enterprise Service HUB) dedicated to oncology data and analysis across the all of Banner Health hospitals and other concerns.
Built software engineering processes to extract data from the data warehouse with emphasis on MCKESSON, Cerner, NEXTGEN and MEDSERIES 4 (aka MS4). Developed plots and charts for monitoring cancer patients and oncologists.

Banner Health Pharmacy
Phoenix, AZ
Clinical Analyst – Pharmacy January 2018 – January 2019

Designed and deployed processes that moved the pharmacy business to receive millions of dollars in enhanced payments from Medicare Part C and Part D star ratings. Successfully attained greater engagement from neighborhood practices and Banner Health pharmacy business.

Successfully developed computer programs to identified beneficiaries needed to increase from two to three stars and obtain the shared savings payments
Successfully developed computer programs to detect opioid misuse or abuse among Blue Advantage beneficiaries
Flow chart the processes from IT to providing actionable output to primary care providers and successfully increased the engagement between the credentialed providers and Banner Health Pharmacy
Operationalize the processes by deploying Teradata SQL and SAS to produce and import Excel spreadsheets of patient profiles and prescription adjustment

Arizona Care Network
Phoenix, AZ
Population Health Data Scientist September 2016 - November 2017

Designed, deployed HEDIS data analysis data sets, wrote both engineering and user SAS code to support value-based contract for the accountable care organization participating a Medicare Shared Savings Program.

Successfully increased the shared-savings from a CMS value-based program. Identified, designed, recommend and executed analytic solutions to director of analytics and the chief medical officer
Report to the manager and director of analytics with minimal supervision. Communicate verbal and written interpretation of results

CVS Health
Scottsdale, AZ
Senior Consultant, CVS/Caremark (PBM) August 2014 - September 2016

Successfully engaged state and private plans to enable payment of drug claims that did not automatically flow through the system. Wrote SAS code that was deployed to all of the teams that handled specific states and payers. Wrote stored-processes that downloaded claims from payers, stored them appropriately for every member of the team and emailed the team member on the summary statistics of the claims requiring resolution.

Ensure consistently high-quality deliverables to our clients that adhere to standards for pharmacy data (e.g., National Council for Prescription Drug Programs - NCPDP)
Engage with clients to develop scope of work appropriate to the problem and worked with team members to ensure that deliverables were satisfy and exceed client expectations

INFORMATICS SENIOR STATISTICIAN CONSULTANT
Health Services Advisory Group, Phoenix, AZ May 2013 -August 2014

Developed systems for the Affordable Care Act, National Trauma Data Bank and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act. Used advanced skills in mathematics, statistics and econometrics to construct inferential statistics for meaningful use.

Developed SAS user-code that reduced turnaround on data management from three days of processing to fifteen minutes. This improvement dramatically increased the service to states that required the data for plan and provider compensation.
Wrote multilevel models to account for the effect of factors pertaining to outcomes on patients.
EDUCATION

Postdoctoral Fellow - Arizona State University 2014
Transdisciplinary Disparities in Health Sciences

The effect of system factors on uptake of colorectal cancer screening by persons navigated to community health clinics. Produced prize-winning poster at US Public Health Service conference.

Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) - University of California, Los Angeles 2007
Health Services Research (Cognate: Outcomes Research)
Dissertation: First international health state valuation of the Quality of Well-being Scale (QWB). Developed, obtained funding, managed and supervised field project and analysis. Led a team of 21 healthcare and medical professionals. Motivated team and built an atmosphere of trust under difficult operating conditions.

Master of Public Health (MPH) - San Diego State University 2002
Epidemiology
Completed requirements for PhD in the Joint Doctoral Program in Epidemiology (USCD / SDSU)

Fulbright Scholar Trinidad and Tobago January 2000 – June 2001
Ministry of Health, Trinidad and Tobago
The first national cross-cultural validation of a health-related quality of life instrument.

Master of Arts (MA) - University of California, San Francisco 1995
Neuroscience

Bachelor of Science (BS) - University of California, San Diego 1991
Cognitive Science (Artificial intelligence)
Mathematics

Associate of Arts (AA) - San Diego City College 1986
Business Administration

AWARDS & HONORS

Second Prize Runner-up Poster USPHS Scientific Symposium 2013
Fulbright Scholarship - Trinidad and Tobago, West Indies 3/2000 - 7/2001
Minority International Research Training Fellow - Barbados, West Indies 2000
Minority Access to Research Careers - Scholarship Undergraduate Program

COMPUTER SKILLS

Languages: SAS (Base, Statistics, Enterprise Guide, Graph Template Language) Stata, SPSS, R, Java, C, LISP. Familiar with Python (including Pandas, Numpy, MatPlotLib for neural networks and machine learning). Learning fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources, RESTful and Application Programming Interfaces.
Databases: SQL Server, Teradata, Oracle SQL, GitHub
Microsoft Applications: Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint
Systems: UNIX, LINUX, EMACS, PC
Analysis: Advanced statistics, econometrics, multilevel models (linear, categorical), covariance structure analysis, logistic models (binary, multinomial), Loess, patient profiles, panel graphs, swim lanes, waterfall, population pyramid, familiar with R, familiar with Bayesian analysis
Contact this candidate