[SUOTON FENESAI]
[Mr Mandi Compound, First Road Akenfa 3, Yenagoa, Bayelsa State.]
[adyxyc@r.postjobfree.com]
[081********]
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/suoton-fenesai-
94453a256/opportunities/hiringopportunities/onboarding?lipi=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Apr ofile_edit_contact_info%3B5399
5cae-09b8-48eb-ba47-10433579f625]
PROFILE SUMMARY
I am enthusiastic, detailed, and research oriented Pure and Applied Chemist, a Data Scientist proficient in handling data using the various libraries in Python, MYSQL, Power BI, R Programing language. A Website Developer, Search Engine Optimization and Content marketer. I am also passionate in handling large data and solving complex data.
Result oriented Data Analyst using Pandas, Numpy and Seaborn for data visualization and a Digital Marketer with the ability to drive brand awareness and revenue growth using my Website Development and auditing Search Engine Optimization skills, to target your precise customer target to drive quality traffic to your business.
AREA OF EXPERTISE – DEMONSTRATED SKILLS
Data Analysis: Am capable for analyzing data using Numpy, Pandas, Power BI and MYSQL. Ability to clean, preprocess data, and transform to load for analysis. Data Visualization: Skilled at visualizing data using Matplotlib, Seaborn, Power BI and sometimes Excel. Website Development: Skilled at developing an E-commerce website and Blog website with the use of an Elementor during my course at the Digital Marketing Skill Institute. I developed an E- commerce website for a company using appropriate plugins.
Search Engine Optimization: Able to perform technical, on page, off page and local Search Engine Optimization using plugins and many more tools during my course at the Digital Marketing Skill Institute.
Content Marketing: Can create traffic driven contents to generate good income during my project at the Digital Marketing Skill Institute.
Customer Avatar and Research: Able to determine customer avatar as this is the most important part of digital marketing – understanding who your targets are and when, where and how to target them to get results. Can run customer research Social Ads and many other tools as trained and tested in the Digital Marketing Skill Institute.
Landing Page: Able to develop high converting landing pages using tools like Instapage to drive conversion and generate leads as implemented during my course at the Digital Marketing Skill Institute. PROJECT ACCOMPLISHMENTS
I successfully carried out data analysis and visualization. I successfully audited a website and developed and installed Secure Socket Lear. I developed a full blown website – www.feninksdigitalmarketing.com. Successfully audited Search Engine Optimization by installing plugins. INTERPERSONAL SKILL
Problem Solving – Able to analyze and visualize data and use analytics to provide customer focused marketing solutions by measuring key performance indicators to draw our innovative solutions for implementation.
Communication_ I am able to motivate others and generate a positive attitude to setting up new procedures. I have worked, schooled and lived with people from different backgrounds and age, through this I have learnt to adapt to suit different audiences. Competent in report writing and presentation delivery, evident in work and educational experiences. WORK EXPERIENCE
July 2015 – Koffa Hausa Secondary School, Keffi, Nasarawa State. Chemistry Tutor
Fortunate Group Of Schools, Amassoma, Bayelsa State. I prepared lesson plan and delivered lectures, taught students chemical compounds and elements. I supervised investigations, experiments and developed results. Niger Delta University, Wiberforce Island
I carried out a research on the determination of heavy metals in Etropius Niloticus and Citarinus Citerus ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
2022- Website Development and Search Engine Optimization Digital Marketing Skill Institute 2014- Bachelor of Science Degree in Pure and Applied Chemistry – Second Class Upper ( CGPA 4.24) Niger Delta University Wilberforce Island
2009- West Africa Examination Council Certificate (WAEC) Government Secondary School Amassoma.
INTEREST
1. Reading and research
2. Learning and practicing digital marketing strategies 3. Socializing with family and friends
4. Travelling and meeting new people
5. Electronic and computing gadgets
REFEREES
Available on request
Contact this candidate