ADEDAYO ABIODUN ADEBOYE
Lagos, Nigeria
DATA SCIENTIST SUPPLY CHAIN EXECUTIVE
+234 070******** +234 090********
https://adedayoadeboye.web.app
https://www.linkedin.com/in/adedayo-adeboye-a04190253/ adzlrq@r.postjobfree.com
PROFILE
Data scientist as well as supply chain management professional with extensive experience. Over the past decade, I have amassed a wide range of skills and knowledge. This enables me to provide practical solutions to difficult industry challenges. I possess a degree in Industrial Chemistry from the University of Ilorin, which laid the foundation for my analytical reasoning and insights. These rare combinations of knowledge have enabled me to become an industry leader in supply chain management. As a business leader, I am a skilled negotiator, goal-oriented, and never afraid to push boundaries and explore upcoming markets. Endowed with the ability to break down company goals and objectives into smaller achievable tasks for my team. This greatly impacts the company as we achieve and surpass set targets. CORE SKILLS
CORE STRENGTHS
EXPERIENCE HISTORY
Extracurricular Activities [British Airways] September 2023 Participated in the open access British Airways Intern and accomplished the following: Completed a simulation focusing on how data science is a critical component of British Airways' success Scraped and analyzed customer review data to uncover findings Built a predictive model to understand factors that influence buying behavior. DATA SCIENTIST
Pishon Spring Ltd April 2022 - Present
Pishon Spring Limited is an indigenous Nigerian logistics and transportation company powered by highly intelligent, young professionals with solid experience tailored to the country's logistics needs. Amuwo Odofin, Lagos, Nigeria
Set up a chart of accounts for the company's logistics and transportation operations. Track the depreciation of all trucks on a monthly and annual basis. Participating in the development of action plans to mitigate risks in decision-making and increase decision quality using data science as a tool. This enhances cooperation between managers, ensuring action is taken promptly leading to increased profitability and business sustenance.
Python
Power BI
SQL
Excel
JavaScript
HTML
CSS
Figma
Mining & Exploration
Visualization dashboard (Dash plotly) & Insights
Machine Learning Model Design & Forecasting
Analytical and creative skills
Incredible Negotiation Technique
Gender: Male
Further, I actively engaged in quantitative telematics analysis and identified critical issues relevant to business requirements and needs. Aside from that, develop predictive models and algorithms for future decisions using different machine learning models
https://truck-driver-telementric-demo.onrender.com FREIGHT EXECUTIVE
Pishon Spring Ltd April 2013 – February 2021
Pishon Spring Limited is an indigenous Nigerian logistics and transportation company powered by highly intelligent, young professionals with solid experience tailored to the country's logistics needs. Amuwo Odofin, Lagos, Nigeria
Utilized data science to develop action plans, mitigate decision-making risks, and increase decision quality. This improved cooperation between managers, resulting in prompt action, increased profitability, and sustained business growth. Identified critical business issues and engaged in quantitative analysis to cater to the company's requirements. Developed predictive models and algorithms using different machine learning techniques for future decision-making. Streamlined operations by efficiently monitoring equipment, tools, facilities, and materials used for operations with analytical tools. Scheduled maintenance process effectively, leading to cost savings and optimal operations. Driver management: I was able to manage the complexities that come with truck drivers, majority of whom are uneducated or minimally educated. By setting up proper tracking systems, coupled with adequate punitive measures we were able to curb driver excesses and maximize output.
Key Accomplishment:
Implemented non-capital based business strategies and secured new contracts with profitable companies such as Olam, Honeywell, Lacasera, Chivita etc, raising the company's worth from less than 500,000 naira to several million naira within a year.
LINE/LABORATORY TECHNICIAN
The La Casera Company (TLCC) February 2010 - April 2013 In Nigeria, TLCC is a leading beverage company and the pioneer of PET-bottled carbonated soft drinks (CSDs). Amuwo Odofin Lagos, Nigeria
Improved routine analysis and data dissemination by enhancing existing setup system, resulting in timely and accurate information being provided to all departments.
Ensured production processes met all specifications and operated within desired parameters through effective oversight of audit system for evaluating goods inventory.
Collaborated with the team to prevent non-conformance products by supervising raw materials and work in progress, ensuring products passed quality checks before release to markets, and quarantining suspected non-conformance with approval from Quality Assurance Manager.
Key Accomplishment:
Redesigned lab reagents, raw materials and finished goods arrangement resulting in a more efficient FIFO storage system, waste reduction of 60%, and improved production integrity. POLYMER CHEMIST
Winco Foam Industries June 2009 - January 2010
Winco manufactures polyurethane foam blocks, mattress accessories, underlays, and other cushioning products. Ketu, Lagos.
Conducted extensive research and collaborated with customers to develop new polyurethane box formulations, resulting in the creation of successful new products.
Managed multiple projects simultaneously and produced timely lab reports, providing valuable data for decision-making. Analyzed competitor products and provided key insights into their chemical and physical properties, allowing for informed strategic decisions.
As a good team player, I assist the Purchasing Manager with the testing of new raw materials for suitability. Training and capacity building:
Completed rigorous training programs in polyurethane formulation, machine operation and production control, enhancing technical expertise and contributing to company success. EDUCATION HISTORY
BSc (Hons) Industrial Chemistry. University of Ilorin 2003-2006 IJMB ‘A’ Level. Ahmadu Bello University 2002-2003
PROFFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION
IBM Applied AI with Deep Learning. 2023
IBM Data Science Professional Certificate 2023
Data-Driven Decisions with Power BI by Knowledge Accelerators 2023 Associate Membership Chartered Institute of Supply Chain Management, USA Professional PGD in Logistics and Supply Chain Management Associate Membership Chartered Institute of Warehousing and Materials Management, Nigeria BOOKS AND PUBLICATION
General review study of local medicinal plants 2005 Extraction, degumming and characterization castor oil 2006 PERSONAL PROJECTS LINKS
Telematics Dashboard: https://truck-driver-telementric-demo.onrender.com Sales, prediction engine Dashboard: https://retail-monitor-demo.onrender.com Adventure Hardware Group Visualization: https://salesreport.vigapay.com REFREE
Available on request
Contact this candidate