Niharika Marella
Oklahoma City, OK 201-***-**** ad50l2@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/niharika-marella-526410287/

SKILL SUMMARY
Language/Web: C, C++, C#, Python, ABAP, SQL, HTML, CSS, jQuery
Cloud: Aws, Salesforce.
Frameworks: Django, Flask, NLP.
Database: MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL.
Data Analysis: Pandas, NumPy
Tools/Platforms: AWS, Git, OData

PROFSSIONAL EXPERINECE
Data Engineer, Bank of New York Mellon, NY (Remote) May 2023- Present
Extracted and transformed data from MySQL using Python scripts and SQL queries.
Collaborated with senior engineers on database design, implementing optimizations to improve performance.
Developed portions of ETL pipelines, ensuring the accurate and efficient movement of data.
Proactively participated in data quality audits and helped troubleshoot data pipeline issues.
Documented processes and findings to enhance project knowledge and collaboration.
Participated in conceptual data modeling discussions. Created basic data visualizations (charts, graphs) in Python to explore data patterns and communicate insights.
Implemented error-handling routines in Python scripts to capture data processing exceptions and wrote logs to track pipeline performance.

SAP ABAP Trainee, Digital Personas, India May 2021- Jan 2022
Developed OData services for CRUD operations.
Worked on Media Handling in OData services.
Created custom Tables based on the requirements.
Worked on smart table to display the desired data that user has made the inputs in the desired smart filters.
Worked on Smart filters which shall be feasible for the user to provide multiple input values at time.
Worked on Approval functionality for all the raised requests through CRUD operations consuming OData services.
Developed various Classical, Interactive and ALV reports.
Worked on CDS Views.
Worked extensively on DDIC objects such as Tables, Structures, Views, Data Elements, Domains, search Helps etc.
PROJECTS

Roommate Selection
Designed and developed a web-based roommate application using HTML, CSS, and Python to allow users to create profiles and search for compatible roommates.
Developed the back-end functionality of a web-based roommate application using Python to store user registration details in a MySQL database.
Analyzed and modeled the interactions between various parts of a web-based roommate application using a sequence diagram. This diagram captured the user interface, database, and roommate matching algorithm.
Implemented real-time chat functionality to facilitate communication between users within the application.

CERTIFICATION
Trained and certified in SAP ABAP.
Trained and certified in Python.
Certified in salesforce Administrator.
ACHIEVEMENTS
Awarded with Dean Leadership Award
Awarded with Upsilon Pi Epsilon
EDUCATION
Master of Science, Computer Science-Sacred Heart University, Fairfield, CT
Bachelor of Engineering, Electronics and Communication Engineering -Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad.
Contact this candidate