JOHN M. HUGHES AVAILABLE: Immediately
845-***-****
ad50jr@r.postjobfree.com
GitHub: https://github.com/hughj095/MyResume

OBJECTIVE Experienced Data Engineer and Python Programmer with a proven track record in AI development, data transformation, database management, and project leadership.

CERTIFICATIONS
Tableau Advanced Certification – Udemy, 2024
Alteryx Bootcamp – Udemy, 2023
SQL – NCSA #4831092 – Extensive SQL experience using SSMS, 2017
COMPTIA Security+ - COMP001022090711 – 2022

EDUCATION
United States Military Academy, West Point, New York
B.S., Geospatial Information Systems, Systems Engineering, 2008

EXPERIENCE

Consultant and AI Data Engineer – Synapse ML & AI, LLC synapse-ml.com
April 2023 – Present: Consultant and AI Data Engineer: During my wife's deployment to Jordan with the Army Reserves in 2023-2024, I transitioned from my role at Disney to prioritize childcare responsibilities while launching an App/Consulting company. Specializing in AI Chatbots for local municipalities, I led all aspects of the business, from project management and developer oversight to marketing campaigns, database development, app development and deployment, and sales initiatives.
Transformed JSON, Python lists and integrated transformed, cleaned data (Azure, SQL) into Chatbot App
Programmed AI Chatbots integrating the OpenAI API requests and responses with Python
Pipeline development with Azure Data Factory, Synapse, and SQL Server star schemas, deployment, CI/CD via GitHub and Vercel
Managed three employees, launched ad campaigns, blogged, attended conferences, and sold to leads.

Sr. Solutions Developer – The Disney Store, The Walt Disney Company
May 2021 – April 2023: Sr. Solutions Developer Solutions Developer and Data Engineer, developed and maintained VBA solutions for Consumer Products Group forecasting, buying and analytics functions. Built programs to calculate, clean and link excel and access data to central SQL Server databases and MS Azure Blob Storage. Managed engineering projects such as reclasses and new program testing.
VBA Macro Development integrating SQL Server db with forecasting Excel tools
Complex queries with SQL Server, star schema databases, MS Azure Data Factory, DBT
Web scraping with Python Selenium, (VS Code, Git, GitHub, DBT)
Data wrangling with Pandas dataframes, xlWings and OpenPYxl (APIs)

Sr. Forecast Analyst – Ecommerce, HasbroPulse.com, Hasbro Inc.
Sep 2016 – May 2021: Sr. Forecast Analyst Customer-facing Business Analyst and Data Analyst, wrangled sales and sku attribute data in Python, developed Power BI dashboards and data visualizations to analyze sales data, and created regular sales reports in VBA and Excel to derive business insights and incremental sales.
Developed the Pulse Forecasting Database using Python (Pandas) and SQL Server from scattered sales and sku data to analyze and derive more accurate forecasts.
Queried the Pulse Forecasting Database using SQL and SSMS for ad-hoc reports and analyses.
Mentored three Temps resulting in their valued integration into Analytics operations.

Operations and Business Analyst – Ferrellgas and Diesel Direct, Inc.
June 2013 to Sep 2016: Operations and Business Analyst Operations and Business Intelligence Analyst with experience in the energy industry. Expertly developed and maintained operational and sales reports, dashboards, and data visualizations for the CEO, SVPs, and sales teams using SQL Server and Excel. Conducted data analysis, developed key metrics, and provided strategic pricing and systems recommendations to stakeholders to enhance sales and operational efficiency.

Major, Infantry, Signal Corps, United States Army and Army Reserves
May 2008 to Sep 2023: Platoon Leader to Company Commander Deployed Infantry Platoon Leader to Company Commander. Held various leadership positions both deployed and in garrison on Active Duty and Reserves. Project Manager, Strategic Planning and Organizational Leadership.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Wife Jennawe, Girl Dad to Katherine (10), Grace (4), Emilie (2)
Contact this candidate