Eva Rodriguez
Port St Lucie, Florida, United States
ad52ff@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/eva-rodriguez-b901ba7
Summary
As a software engineer with over 10 years of experience, I am passionate about developing innovative technology solutions that make a difference. I have worked with various platforms, tools, and methodologies to create, support and enhance content management systems, student information systems, webservices for mobile applications and data integration systems.
Currently as a Snaplogic Developer I am leveraging my SnapLogic certification and skills creating ETL flows between AWS, Hubspot, Redshift, Google BigQuery to create effective and efficient data flows, transform raw data into clean and normalized datasets, and support data quality and deliver scalable and reliable data solutions for various projects and users. I also collaborate with cross-functional teams, am continuously learning new skills and best practices, and contribute to the company's mission and vision. I have a strong interest in software engineering, data science and analytics.. Experience
Integration Engineer
Arizona State University
Feb 2024 - Present (3 months) (5 Month Contract)
Design and develop robust data integration pipelines using SnapLogic. Implement ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) processes to integrate data from various sources. Ensure data quality and integrity during the transfer process. Work closely with data analysts, engineers, and business stakeholders to understand data integration needs.
Provide technical support and guidance on data integration and ETL best practices. Monitor the performance of data integration pipelines. Troubleshoot and resolve any issues related to data integration processes. Continuously optimize the integration solutions for efficiency and scalability. Adhere to data governance and compliance standards. Implement data security measures in all integration processes. Maintain comprehensive documentation of data integration processes and architectures. Prepare reports on data integration activities and performance metrics Data Engineer
Google
May 2022 - Mar 2023 (11 months)
Develop effective and efficient data flows for defined data sets Create repeatable solutions and develop mappings to transform raw data into clean, normalized datasets.
Interacted with customers for determining best way to collect data and to assist them in providing required data by providing queries and guidance in configuring their Student Information Systems. Sr Systems Integration Engineer
Eva Rodriguez - page 1
BrightBytes
Feb 2021 - May 2022 (1 year 4 months)
Develop effective and efficient data flows for defined data sets using Snaplogic and PySpark. Create repeatable solutions and develop mappings to transform raw data into clean, normalized datasets.
Interacted with customers for determining best way to collect data and to assist them in providing required data by providing queries and guidance in configuring their Student Information Systems. SnapLogic Certified. Technologies used: DataGrip, Snowflake, AWS S3, AWS Glue, Redshift, Lucidlink, Transmit, AirTable, Clubhouse, Git
Software Engineer
PowerSchool Group LLC (formerly SunGard/FIS)
Feb 2017 - Dec 2020 (3 years 11 months)
Development, enhancement and support of Integration System for Special Education Student Management and Student Information Systems.
Systems developed and maintained using AWS, SQL, Oracle, C#, JQuery, .NET Framework, Javascript, ASP.NET, Jira, Git, Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Microsoft Azure, Agile Methodologies, REST API WebServices
Software Developer
SunGard - now part of FIS
Feb 2012 - Feb 2017 (5 years 1 month)
Development, enhancement and support of integrated tools, web portals, mobile apps, and API's used across multiple applications integrated to work together using new technologies designed to provide cutting edge software tools. Development of IOS and Android mobile application servers. Some technologies used: ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET, Ajax, Microsoft SQL Server, C#, Visual Basic, REST API WebServices
Sr. Consultant
Glemser
Feb 2005 - Feb 2012 (7 years 1 month)
Structured Product Labeling Subject Matter Expert, Development, Design, Installation, Training and Support of a document management system, # Oversee Glemser’s SPL On-Demand business unit providing client support for SPL and Physicians’ Labeling Rule (PLR) On-Demand services that includes contracted maintenance conversion and migration services for life science clients. Physical Design Engineer
LSI, an Avago Technologies Company
1998 - 2001 (3 years)
Responsible for building transistor level design of high performance digital circuits in leading ASIC technologies to meet specifications. Part of team that implemented Bluetooth technology. Included implementation and verification of circuits to ensure proper connectivity and design. Included working with a team of Electrical Engineers, Digital Designers, System Architects, Test Engineers and Product Engineers to define, architect and design. Use and knowledge of hardware description language (HDL), Verilog (VHDL) and proprietary design tools such as Virtuoso. Eva Rodriguez - page 2
Education
Muhlenberg College
B.S. Computer Science, Computer Science
Northampton Community College
A.S. Engineering, Engineering
Skills
SnapLogic iPaaS • Google BigQuery • Salesforce API • AWS S3 • Redshift • Control-M • PySpark
• Python (Programming Language) • .NET Framework • Code Review Eva Rodriguez - page 3
Contact this candidate