Manisha Chowdhary
Data Engineer/Bi Developer
ad53cf@r.postjobfree.com
910-***-****

Summary:
Having over 3 years of experience in the IT industry. Experienced in SQL, Power BI, DAX, Python, Power Automate and having worked on a wide variety of projects as a report developer and data engineer.
Expertise working with SQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle PL/SQL, and PowerShell to collaborate with an ETL team on data migration.
Strong background with ETL tools like SSIS in data analysis, migration, cleansing, transformation, integration, import, and export. Experience with writing and testing SQL statements.
Design, develop and implement reporting and dashboard solutions using Power BI.
Experience implementing and supporting Self-service BI tools such as Microsoft Power BI and Excel (PowerPivot, PowerQuery, and PowerView).
Experience in creating reports using SQL Server Reporting service (SSRS) and creating various types of reports like drill down, drill through, Parameterized, Table, Matrix, chart and sub reports.
Well versed in calculated columns, tables, and measure queries in Power BI desktop.
Good knowledge on all types of transformations available in Power BI query editor and DAX functions.
Experience in installing Power BI Desktop and configuring gateways in Power BI Service.
Strong background in data dumps and analysis using MS Access and Excel according to business requirements.
Experience in designing User Experience (UX) and development of visually appealing User Interactive (UI) Web Pages using HTML, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript.
Experience in using version control tools like GIT, GitLab.
Experience in programming languages such as Python, PySpark and Power Shell, along with practical experience.
Extensive background in project development and system user interaction to obtain business needs.
Worked on different data sources like Azure Analysis service (AAS), SAP BW, SQL Server, Azure SQL Databases, SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), SharePoint, and Excel.
Hands on experience on SQL Server Analysis (SSAS) and Azure Analysis Service (AAS) to create reports based on Live connection in Power BI.
Worked on integrating data into a single analytical data model from a variety of source files, including flat files, CSV files, relational databases, etc.
The capacity to manage individuals with contradictory needs, plan and prioritize multiple activities, operate under pressure, and be an excellent problem solver and team player.
Technical Skills:

Technology
Tools
Databases
Oracle, PL/SQL, DB2, AWS
Cloud Environment
AWS Snowflake, AWS RDS, Glue, Lambda
BI tools/Data Visualization
PowerBI Desktop, Power BI service
Scripting languages
HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JS
Programming Languages
C, Java, Python, PySpark
Software Engineering Methodologies/Tools/Technologies
SharePoint, MS-Office suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, and Outlook), Microsoft Project, GIT, GitLab, VS Code

Professional Experience:

Harvard School of Public Health Aug 2023 – Till Date
Bi Developer

Responsibilities:
Collaborated with Apple Inc. and NIEHS to develop Apple Women’s Health Study which aims to gain data-driven understanding of impact of lifestyle habits and menstrual cycle irregularities on women’s health stored in AWS S3.
And used one hot encoding technique for ETL process.
Afterwards, we used Python to implement Machine Learning algorithms such as logistic regression and random forest trees to analyze the impact of demographics and lifestyle factors on menstrual cycles and gynecologic conditions like infertility, menopause, and PCOS, ensuring the acquisition of precise and insightful results.
Finally, imported data by using import & direct query options.
Created interactive reports by using different visualizations like bar, pie, card, table, matrix, line charts in Power BI Desktop.
Created calculated measures and calculated columns using DAX Queries to fulfill client perspectives, executing DAX queries based on requirement of data.
Connected tabular model from Azure analysis service using live connection and created interactive reports on top of that based on business requirement.
Worked on different levels of filters like visual level, page level, report level filters.
Hands-on experience with Bookmarks, Sync Slicers, Tooltips, Actions, Interactions.
Created drill through pages as per user requirements.
Publishing Power BI reports into Power BI service and sharing with colleagues and business users.
Managed a team of 2 analysts to build a solution to analyze menstrual cycle tracking data from iPhone and/or Apple Watch, along with participants’ survey responses.

Environment: Python, PySpark, ETL, Machine Learning Algorithms, Power BI Desktop, Power BI Service, DAX, DB2, Excel, Window 11

Bowling Green State University Jan 2022 – July 2023
Power Bi Developer

Responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining reports as per the business requirements.
Responsible for Importing data from different data sources like SharePoint, and Excel and modelling it into Power BI Desktop.
Hands on experience with different data import modes in Power BI like Import, Live connection, and Direct Query.
Creating interactive reports by using different visualizations like table, matrix, line, Line and stacked column, Slicers, clustered column charts in Power BI Desktop.
Created calculated measures and calculated columns in Power BI desktop to show good analysis techniques.
Worked on all types of transformation that are available in Power Query Editor based on requirement.
Worked on Finance Insights report to show how revenue is fluctuating Month over Month, Quarter over Quarter and Year over Year and their Percentages using DAX Time intelligence functions like Previous month, Previous Quarter, sameperiodlastyear etc.
Responsible for Importing data from different data sources like SAP BW, Azure Analysis Service, SharePoint, and Excel and modelling it into Power BI Desktop.
Experience on creating different levels of filters like visual level, page level, report level filters.
Hands-on experience with Bookmarks, Sync Slicers, Tooltips, Actions & Interactions in Power BI.
Experience with composite models, Data Modelling and Power Query editor like appending queries, splitting data into separate columns, adding columns, Advance editor, creating groups etc.
Knowledge on PowerApps and Power Automate/Flow.

Environment: Power BI Desktop, Power BI Service, PowerApps, Share Point, Excel, DAX, Window 11

Cognizant, Kolkata, India Dec 2020 – Dec 2021
BI Developer

Responsibilities
Responsible for designing, developing and maintaining reports as per the business requirements.
Install and upgrade latest versions of Microsoft Power BI Desktop.
Importing data from different data sources like Azure SQL Database, SQL Server, SharePoint & Excel by using import option.
Creating interactive reports by using different visualizations like bar, pie, card, table, matrix, line charts in Power BI Desktop.
Created calculated measures and calculated columns using DAX Queries to fulfill client perspectives, executing DAX queries based on requirement of data.
Implemented several DAX functions for various fact calculation for efficient data visualization in Power BI.
Wrote T-SQL queries to get the data into Power BI from Azure SQL Databases.
Experience on creating different levels of filters like visual level, page level, report level filters.
Developed stored procedures and functions to retrieve data in the JSON format for display on custom-designed SharePoint pages.
Created reports, including parameterized reports, drill-down and drill-through functionality, seamlessly integrated with SharePoint Pages.
Importing data from different data sources like Azure SQL Database, SQL Server, SharePoint & Excel by using import option.
Created reports by pulling data from Azure DevOps.
Hands-on experience with Bookmarks, Sync Slicers, Tooltips, Actions & Interactions in Power BI.
Hands on experience on composite models, Data Modelling and Power Query editor.
Created different types of workspaces in Power BI Service for different Business Units and Published reports into it and assigned different levels of roles to colleagues and business users.
Worked with static and dynamic level Row level securities in Power BI
Scheduled refresh for the datasets using on-premises gateway.
Knowledge of Paginated reports.

Environment: Power BI Desktop, Power BI Service, SQL Server, Azure SQL DB, SharePoint, Excel, DAX, python, T-SQL, Window 11

Academic Projects:

Investigation of Machine Learning Algorithms for the pre estimating medical diagnosis
A proficient machine learning based framework has been created for the analysis of Heart disease, Diabetes and Lung Cancer.
Cross validation method is used for the best hyper parameter selection.
And concluded Random Forest Tree Classifier is best suited for the medical diagnosis.
Built some statistical graphs using seaborn, matplotlib packages.
Created a workflow using Power Automate to generate automatic emails while updates made to the report.
Environment: Machine learning algorithms, Python (NumPy, pandas), MS Excel, Seaborn, Matplotlib, Power Automate

Comparison of Classification methods for Diabetes Dataset
Compared performance and computational cost of binary classification models to identify if the patient has diabetes or not based on provided diagnostic measurements.
To solve binary classification problem, different machine learning algorithms were implemented to predict if the patient with given diagnostics has developed diabetes.
KNN Impute was used to handle the missing values and SMOTE was used to handle the imbalanced sets.
Bagging gave the best accuracy and kappa value.

Environment: Machine learning, Kaggle dataset, KNN Impute, SMOTE

Educational & Certification:

M.S., Computer Science Jan 2022 – Dec 2023
Bowling Green State University, Ohio, USA

B. Tech., Electronics and Communication Engineering July 2017 – May 2021
Koneru Lakshmaiah Educational Foundation, Vijayawada, India.

Cleared Python, Power BI Certifications in Udemy
Contact this candidate