JARVIS
WILSON

Phone
Email
LinkedIn Profile

OBJECTIVE
Innovative, result driven Data Engineer with 5 plus years of work experience in SQL, database design, database modeling, big data, analysis and reporting across many industries to include:
healthcare, transportation, real-estate banking etc. Knowledge of SDLC to provide end-to-end business intelligence solutions to ensure companies better return on investment.
Recognized throughout my career for demonstrating the ability to organize and complete complex projects and tasks while meeting deadlines in high volume workload environments. I am a goal-oriented team player with strong problem solving, analytical, and communication skills.

EDUCATION
BA Florida International University

SKILLS

ETL/Data warehousing
SQL Server
Data Analysis & Visualization
Data Mining
Data Quality
Data Architect
MS SQL Server Mgmt. Studio
SSIS
SSRS
SSAS
.Net
Azure Dev Ops
SnowFlake
Database Administration

Microsoft Office Tools
SharePoint
Data Modeling
Agile/Waterfall Methodologies
Performance Tuning

EXPERIENCE
Sr. Developer Norwegian Cruise Line
NOVEMBER 2022 – CURRENT
PROJECT: NATIONAL INSTITUTION OF HEALTH (NIH)
Data Delivery creating pipelines, schemas, database modeling, stored Procedure and SQL for client projects.
Performance tuning and Query Optimization to improve business processes for existing and new projects
Build complex stored procedures and write advanced SQL queries to improve and maintain daily operations
Develop Complex ETL packages to include logging, error handling, and notifications
Created database diagrams, data mapping diagrams, and database models including OLTP, OLAP
Assisted with business requirement gathering and documentation for projects
Manage and configure data in Staging, ODP, PROD, and QA environments
Data Warehousing, Data analysis, data modeling and database design
Manage SQL Server agent jobs and schedules
Provide project transparency and details through Jira ticketing system
Package Deployment and SQL Automation processes
Manipulate and manage data from multiple databases including sql server, oracle, and snowflake
Demonstrated core leadership abilities by assisting team in redesigning existing reports proc to
develop and distribute reports to top management and various stakeholders more efficiently.
Oversee database development as well as gathering, specification and data mapping document for development of SSIS ETL projects

Sr. Consultant Deloitte
JUNE 2021 – NOVEMBER 2022
PROJECT: NATIONAL INSTITUTION OF HEALTH (NIH)
Head client projects and delivery high end solutions
Implementation of SDLC including gathering, analysis, Implementation, testing and deployment
Utilize Azure Dev ops for source control to update and load project pipelines and code.
Query Optimization, and performance tuning for current and new processes
Created database diagrams, data mapping diagrams, and database models
Assisted with data gathering, design, documentation, and implementation for client projects
Data Warehousing, Data analysis, data modeling and database design
Package Deployment and SQL Automation processes
Facilitate distribution of reports to management and stake holders
ETL architecture development and design for SSIS packages and other existing pipelines

PROJECT: FIRM INITIATIVE (NHLBI)

Constructed a ETL process to extract and load data for reporting and analysis
Worked with client for requirement gathering, warehouse design and modeling
Delivered detailed analytics on client project and delivered descriptive reports of trends and measurements
Deployed Solution to client in a timely matter ahead of deadline

ETL Data Warehouse Developer/Data Engineer Colaberry Inc.
2015- JULY 2021

Designed, implemented, and maintained Database Schemas, Entity relationship diagrams, Data modeling, Tables, Stored procedures, Functions and Triggers, Constraints, Indexes, Schemas, Functions, Views, Rules, Defaults and complex SQL statements.

Performance Tuning and Query Optimization to improve business applications.

Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to the data warehouse database from various sources like json, csv, Text Files, XML, Excel, and compatible databases across the network.

Analyzing the data to implement incremental/data load using a merge statement. Utilized Slowly changing dimensions type one, two, three, four as needed.
Held accountable for designing SSIS packages using several transformations to perform data profiling, data cleansing and data transformation.

Orchestrating process to create parameterized reports, drill down, and drill through reports using SSRS.

Held accountable for creating dashboards, Tabular, Matrix reports (crosstab or pivot), Charts and graphs as per customer requirement using SSRS.

Rendering report in different formats like pdf, excel etc. to be executed automatically on weekly or monthly basis and manage subscription.

Monitored SSIS packages validation, errors handling, optimization and deployment.

Achieved goals by actively working on all processes related to the development, implementation, administration, and support of the SSIS ETL.

Served as a collaborative team member within both project management and software development life cycles (SDLC) including analysis of business functions, design, development, testing and documentation as required by end-users.

Utilized SSIS to create ETL packages (.dtsx files) that validated, extracted, transformed, and loaded data to data warehouse database and processed SSAS cubes that stored the data in aggregated format for analysis.

ACTIVITIES
NCAA Division I College Football Player at Florida International University
FIU Big Brother Big Sister Community Service
FIU Take Back the Night Community Service
Hugh O Brien Leadership Ambassador

AWARDS
Deloitte Applause Award from NIAD AVID for contribution on Uganda project as back-end developer
Contact this candidate