Kurmadasu Nagalakshmi Priyanka
Assistant Consultant 12 Years Hillsboro, Oregon Valid H1B Till 2028

ad5cyp@r.postjobfree.com

+1-919-***-****

Career Objective
To obtain a position as Data Engineer/ Software Engineer in a challenging environment, where I can utilize my Data Warehouse knowledge and experience, to achieve the best possible solution and benefit the organization.
Experience Summary
●11+ years of experience in Analysis, Design, Development and Data processing using Oracle Technology on different platforms.
●I worked extensively on PLSQL - Functions, Stored Procedures, Cursors, Triggers and Packages.
●Expertise in Database Performance Tuning, Performance Monitoring and Optimization using Oracle Hints, Explain plans and Table Partitioning.
●Experience with Data flow diagrams, Data dictionary, Entity relation modelling and design techniques.
●Expertise in Client-Server application development using Oracle 11g/10g/9i/8i, 12c, PL/SQL, SQL *PLUS, TOAD and SQL*LOADER.
●Proficient in advance features of PL SQL programming like Records and Collections, Bulk load, Bind variables, Ref Cursors and Dynamic SQL.
●Good Knowledge of Client-Server application development using Oracle PL/SQL, SQL*PLUS, TOAD and SQL*LOADER.
●Experience in designing, modeling, performance tuning and analysis.
●Good experience in UNIX and Shell scripts to create reports and logs based on the business prerequisites.
●Worked in Agile Methodology.
●Worked on version control tools such as GitHub, Devops and used JIRA bug tracking tool.
●Experienced in Production Support Role 24/7 to resolve the issues using in a ticketing system.
●Extensively used the advanced features of PLSQL like Records, tables, object types ad Dynamic SQL.
●Collaborate well with Project Management, Business Analyst and Department management teams.
●Flexible, enthusiastic, and project-oriented team player with excellent communication skills with leadership abilities to develop creative solutions for challenging requirements of client.
●Expertise in Dynamic SQL, Collections and Exception handling.
●Good knowledge of key Oracle performance related features such as Query Optimizer, Execution Plans and Indexes
●Gathering the customer requirements, custom designing solutions, performance tuning, troubleshooting for software and application problems.
●Involved in various technologies during my service like Snowflake Data warehouse, Oracle (SQL), SQL Server, Unix and understanding the Talend Code for Troubleshooting.
●Very good understanding of relational and dimensional data modelling and exploring.
●Great Experience in implementing ELT & ETL frameworks using Snow pipe, Tasks, Copy and Stored procedures.
●In-depth Experience of Zero copy Cloning and Time travel in Snowflake.
●Experience in version tools like GIT, SVN, Devops.
●Experience in Change tools like Jira, CREQ etc.
●Experience in Service tools like ServiceManagement for ticketing.

Highlights
●Oracle SQL 10g Certification
●On the spot Award/Best Team Award/Smiles Award
●Topper in Metriculation/12th Standard/ BTech(3rd Position in Class)
●Classical Dancer in Kuchipudi (Indian Dance Form) and Classical Singer
Studies

S.No
Course
Institution
Percentage
1
Bachelor of Technology(Electronics and Communications)
JNTU college of Engineering Kakinada
78%
2
Intermediate(12th Class)
Aditya Junior College
93%
3
Metriculation(10th Class)
APPM Model High School Rajahmundry
85%

Work Experience in Tata Consultancy Services
●PPD Inc.(Jan 2021 – Till Date)
Worked on MOSAIC Phase 3 project which involves PLSQL Development. Developing and Enhancing views and other logics.
Worked on Migrating the Oracle Code to Snowflake Views and Procedure.
Optimizing the complex queries to reduce the costing and execution time.
Worked on creating the new Database with the help of DBA and created new objects like tables,views and procedures.
Worked on Zero copy cloning and time travel concepts of snowflake.
Worked on Data loads with the help of Talend jobs .
Technical Skill : Snowflake, PLSQL and basics of Talend
●Thomson Reuters(Jan-2014 - May-2020)
Worked on enhancing and developing the complex Procedures and views.
Execute SOX Controls for different Applications I have worked on.
Worked on writing the complex SQL queries to generate the Financial reports for the Client Analyzation purposes.
Worked on Migration projects to migrate the code, Data and DB objects from older Oracle to latest versions.
Worked on Migrating the older windows version to latest versions on client servers.
Worked on various applications like Wildat, Edata, GetPaid, Clarity PPM, Customer Master etc. during the span I have worked in this Project.
Technical Skill: Unix, sql, plsql,sql server, shell script
●Telenor Norway(May-2012 - Dec-2013)
Telenor Norway – Upgration of Geneva Application from IRB 4.3 to RBM 5.3
Responsible for developing Change Requests and Resolving Incidents following SLA.
Worked on Modifying the Java Code, SQL queries and other enhancements requests for managing the Charge codes or other requirements from the Client.
Worked on Testing the Deployments of the code and also managing the version control.
Technical Skill:PL/SQL & JAVA
●Fiat Chrysler Automobiles(Feb-2012 - Apr-2012)
Developed a internal site for the project using struts.
Technical Skill: Java with struts
Contact this candidate