Experienced Data Professional
Seasoned Developer/Analyst with over 13 years immersed in the world of data. Working with intricate database systems and the Azure cloud environment.
What sets me apart:
●Data Automation and ETL Specialist. I thrive on streamlining processes, whether automating data workflows or optimizing ETL pipelines.
●Problem Solver & Team Player. Analytical thinker and strong communicator with creative problem-solving capabilities who is able to build effective relationships across teams and consistently deliver smart solutions.
●Designer of Insights. Help create narratives from data by transforming raw information into actionable insights.
Areas of Expertise
NOC(Network Operations Center) Emergency SRV1 contact SME ( Subject Matter Expert) on Data Systems Business Intelligence (BI) and Reporting Developer Cloud Development Data Migrations Risk and Compliance developer Deployment (CI/CD) Developer Azure Data Factory
Technology Skills and Languages
●Cloud Environment:Azure

●Deployment Tools: Azure DevOps
●ETL Tools: Informatica, SSIS

●Security Tools: PGP, Firewalls, IDS, Encryption
●Programming: SQL, P/SQL, Powershell, Batch, FTP, Python
Database: Oracle, MSSQL, Cosmos
PROFESSIONAL EXPERTISE

LENNAR, Miami, FL 2016 - 2024
A fortune 500 real estate company, focused on home construction.
Integration Developer

Developed, analyzed, and integrated data across internal, external systems and customer interfaces. Followed Agile practices, leveraging Jira and Scrum masters for efficiency and productivity.
Collaborated on CRM migration to Salesforce project, empowering the sales team with faster and more powerful tools, enhancing their efficiency and customer interactions.
Subject matter expert(SME) for CDM (Common Data Model) Cloud Database. Actively participated in business meetings, mentored developers, and provided insights and expertise, ensuring seamless data management and system reliability.
Designed, developed and implemented Informatica workflows both on premise and in the cloud, facilitating business reports, integration of third party systems, and supporting data-driven decision-making..
Key contributor in the creation and development of the Azure cloud environment at Lennar, focusing on architecture, deployment, and optimization to ensure a robust, scalable infrastructure.
Created the SQL programming optimization document and guidelines for database development.
Spearheaded DevOps CI/CD initiatives, including automated testing and development pipelines. Streamlining cloud development, minimizing errors, and safeguarding code integrity.
Developed API’s for REST protocols using Azure API Management (APIM), facilitating seamless data collection from external sources and efficient internal data feeds.
Leveraged Webhooks and REST protocols to create Azure Service Bus Queues and Topics, enabling swift data migration for lead processing.
Collaborated with Salesforce team for lead and data transfers using API connections.
Designing data solutions for our third party vendors.

LENNAR, Miami, FL 2011 - 2016
DBA Developer (Contractor through Tek Systems)
Performance Optimization and Database Development
Developed a new database application leveraging Access to support a business system upgrade.
Identified and resolved performance issues across production and development servers, ensuring optimal system responsiveness.
Developed efficient Stored Procedures and Functions tailored to business owner data needs.
Designed and optimized indexes for tables, enhancing query performance and data retrieval.
Performed system migrations across SQL versions (2005, 2008, 2012) collaboratively with cross-functional teams, ensuring efficient system functionality.
Reporting and Data Management
Designed and delivered business reports that met stakeholder needs, translating complex data into meaningful and actionable insights.
Maintained programming standards for the DBA team and served as a SME for SQL developers.
Extracted data from Essbase for financial quarterly and yearly reports.
Developed ETL Processes using Informatica and SSIS to ensure data consistency and support BI reporting.
Created SSRS reports for department status updates and process reports.

Consolidated Credit Counseling Services INC. Sunrise, FL 2007 - 2011
DBA, SA

Administered production and development servers, ensuring smooth operation and timely updates.

Implemented RedGate for secure database backups, utilizing encryption and compression.
Developed SSIS imports from flat files and other OLE DB systems, streamlining data integration.
Created SSRS 2008 Reports for managers and staff on an ad hoc basis, delivering insights to support data-driven decisions.
Migrated customer communications to SSRS 2008, enabling standard email notifications and documents delivery.
Leveraged DB Send Mail for server alerts and warnings to support proactive system management.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science (BS) - Computer Information Systems, Barry University, Miami Shores, FL
Contact this candidate