TEJASRI BATHULA
DATA ENGINEER
Phone: 989-***-**** Email: ad5g9n@r.postjobfree.com Location: Michigan
SUMMARY:
With over 1+ years of IT experience working with large data sets of Structured and Unstructured data, Data Acquisition, Data Cleaning, Data Integration, and Data Visualization.
Working with SQL and Python for the preprocessing, cleansing, and joining of large datasets, ensuring data quality and readiness for analysis.
Experience in Migrating SQL database to Azure SQL Database, Data Bricks, and Azure SQL Data Warehouse and Controlling and granting database access and Migrating premise databases to Azure Data Lake store using Azure Data Factory.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Programming Language: Python, SQL, Java, Apache spark, Apache Airflow, Scala
IDE’s: PyCharm, Jupyter Notebook
Cloud Technologies: GCP, AWS EC2, S3 Bucket, Azure Blob, Azure Data Factory, Azure SQL databases, Azure Databricks, Azure DevOps.
Excel Functions: PivotTables, VLOOKUP
Packages: NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, SciPy, Scikit-learn, Seaborn
CI-CD/Reporting Tools: Tableau, Power BI, SSRS, Machine learning
Database: SQL Server, PostgreSQL, MySQL
Operating Systems: Windows, MacOS

EXPERIENCE:
Net Zone Technologies Jan 2022 – Dec 2022
Data Analyst/ Engineer
Experience in creating database solutions, evaluating requirements, preparing design reports, and also migrating data from legacy systems to new solutions for responsible for data identification, collection, exploration, cleaning for modeling.
Created and maintained interactive visualizations through data interpretation, enhancing reporting from multiple data sources.
Worked on defining various facts and dimensions in the data mart, encompassing aggregate and summary facts. Worked on mapping data flow activities in the Azure Data Factory.
Working experience in statistical analysis using tools like Excel, and Tableau.
Experience in designing and developing interactive dashboards and reports using Power BI, translating complex data sets into visually appealing and actionable insights for stakeholders.
Creating new workflows and maintaining existing ETL workflows, data management, and data query components.
Developed data pipelines to automate the data collection, cleaning, and transformation processes.
Worked with AWS EC2 instances for hosting ETL scripts, demonstrating proficiency in cloud infrastructure management.
Experienced with AWS S3 for storing raw data, implementing efficient and scalable data storage solutions.
Worked with Databricks for data transformation, showcasing expertise in big data processing and analytics.
Worked with Google Cloud Platform (GCP) services to design, deploy, and manage scalable and resilient cloud-based solutions.
Experienced in developing Spark applications for large-scale data processing, including data ingestion, transformation, and analysis.
Experienced with coordinating intricate processes for data processing and ETL operations and building, establishing, and maintaining data pipelines with Apache Airflow.
Data quality and integrity were ensured by rigorous validation, testing, and troubleshooting methods.
Experienced machine learning ideas and techniques, which allows for informed decision-making and predictive analytics.
Experienced in Java for scalable web and enterprise application development across diverse domains.
Experienced in Scala for building high-performance, concurrent applications in big data and distributed computing environments.

COIGN CONSULTANTS PVT.LTD, India Sep 2018 – Nov 2021
Data Analyst / Data Engineer Intern
Worked as Obtaining and curating clinical data for knee osteoarthritis patients, including demographics, medical history, symptoms, and imaging findings, while maintaining data integrity and security.
Worked as Enhanced preparation approaches were used to clean, normalize, and encode features, resulting in better data quality and compatibility for machine learning model training.

EDUCATION

Master in Information Technology Central Michigan University, Mount Pleasant, MI Jan2023-Dec 2024

Bachelors in Information Technology Matrusri College of Engineering, Telangana, India June 2019- May 2022

CERTIFICATIONS:

Introduction to Data Science in Python
Contact this candidate