Executinve Summary
Over **+ years of IT industry experience which includes 07 years of Senior Data Engineer experience in Big Data, Hadoop, Spark, Data Visualizations using Tableau, writing queries, processing, and analysis of large-scale data. Solid experience in Hadoop ecosystem & technologies including HDFS, Map Reduce, Hive, Sqoop, PySpark, Oozie and Hue as well as Data Warehouse & Reports’ testing. Utilized high quality software applications, best Project Management, quality practices & processes.

Technical Skills:

Big Data Technologies
Hadoop, Hive, Sqoop, Oozie, PySpark
Databases
Oracle, Teradata
Programming Languages / Scripting
Shell, Python, R
Business Intelligence
Tableau
Web Analytics Tool
Google Analytics
Tools & Utilities
Autosys, D-series, Jenkins, Jira

Work Experience:
Employer: Infosys
Client: Bank of America
Role: Data Engineering Technology Lead (Aug 2021 – Present)
Responsibilities:
Designed & developed data pipelines to ingest various types of data files such as text, csv, structured and semi structured XML to Hadoop, for applications such as Purple Census, CMX Request and Responses & Prepaid MRA Harm etc., by using Map Reduce/Spark.
Designed & developed ten CI/CD deployment pipelines by using Jenkins to deploy the packaged data pipelines.
Collaborating with cross-functional teams, key stakeholders, and Lines of Business (LOBs) to perform requirements and data analysis as well as update the project status.
Writing queries based on business requirements and loading data to Hive tables.
Extracting data from Hive tables to flat files and exporting the files to external clients via SFTP.
Mentoring new members on the team.
Performing data analysis using Hive and providing Ad hoc reports to LOBs.
Performed data and application migration validations from RHEL6 to RHEL 7.
Certified successful completion of data processing and transfers within the required time constraints.

Employer: VISA, Inc
Role: Senior Data Engineer
Responsibilities:
As a member of the Data Platform team, implemented data pipelines for various products such as Visa Checkout, Visa Direct etc. by using Sqoop.
Extracted data from various types of data sources such as Oracle, csv etc. by using Sqoop Import to ingest into Hive tables.
Created and maintained optimal data pipelines’ design for applications.

Collaborated with DevOps team to perform production deployments and provided production support to fix the defects.
Used Hive extensively to perform transformations and pre-aggregations for developing baseline data for reports.
Implemented Oozie workflow engine to run Hive jobs.
Migrated Hive jobs to PySpark jobs using D-series automated tool.
Loaded data into Hive tables with static and dynamic partitions, intended for efficiency.
Worked on various Hadoop file formats such as Parquet, ORC, AVRO, Text & CSV.
Configured Encryption Framework in Production & non-production environments and tested encryption/decryption capabilities for Visa Checkout application.
Produced attractive visuals/dashboards to convey the story inside the data.
Designed, developed, tested, and maintained Tableau functional reports based on business requirements.
Provided production support to Tableau users and wrote custom SQL to support business requirements.
Gathered and analyzed business requirements, groomed stories, and features at an early stage, and built solutions using various Big Data technologies to address the business capabilities.
Played the role of Program Manager for the project.
Performed Functionality, Integration, System, Regression, ETL and Reports’ testing.

Educational Qualifications:
Master of Computer Applications (MCA), Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum, Karnataka, India.
Bachelore of Science (B.Sc.), Kuvempu University, Karnataka, India.
Professional Certification(s):
Data Analytics Certificate Program, University of Texas at Austin, TX.

Employment History:

Employer
Designation
From
To
On-site Experience
Infosys, Ltd
Data Engineering Technology Lead
August, 2021
May,2024

Visa, Inc
Sr. Data Engineer
August, 2016
August, 2021

Wipro
Test Lead
January, 2012
June, 2014

ORACLE
Team Lead
June, 2010
January, 2012

Capgemini Consulting Ltd
Consultant
April, 2007
June, 2010

Perot Systems
Test Engineer
July, 2004
April, 2007
Worked in London, UK for the client, UBS, for 06 months from March, 2006 through September, 2006.
Contact this candidate