ad5rm9@r.postjobfree.com 786-***-**** www.linkedin.com/in/eberthrodriguez

Network Engineer
Technology professional with over twenty years of experience / Focus on troubleshooting Data networks
Oriented to solving problems over data network and improving network’s performance identifying the requirements and expectations of the client, as well as designing and implementing Cisco network solutions that support the client’s business processes.
Cisco Certified Network Associate CCNA R&S expired 2020
Cisco Certified Design Associate CCDA expired 2020
The Cisco CCNP R&S certification was maintained for ten years, at this moment is expired 2020
Exam CCNA data center (640-911) DCINC Approved-Expired 2020
Exam CCIE Routing and switching (350-001) Write Expired 2014
Extensive experience in customer service in the financial area, and maintenance of mission-critical equipment with the ability to handle sensitive situations, where a high commitment to results is required.
CISCO Network Equipment: 6500 (VSS), 7200, 3650, ASR1004, 3945, 2901, ASA5545, 3750, 4710, 2960X, 4500X, 3650, 3750, 3850.
FORTIGATE: 500E, 101F, 800C

Professional Experience
Network Engineer
as well as specific task or medium and long-range projects.

Physical installation Offering consulting services on network issues on dimensioning, configuration and implementation independently on racks of networks equipment
Configurations of Switches, Routers and Firewalls
Diagnosis troubleshooting over data networks
Network evaluations and generation of recommendations
Projects execution

MEDIAPRO US Miami, Florida 2018 to Present
Network Engineer
Responsible for ensuring that the networking systems run efficiently and without interruption. Design, configure, deploy and monitor all networking infrastructure. Supervising the day-to-day operations of the Network of the company. Cisco and Fortinet Firewalls, Cisco WLAN controller. Management of the WAN, LAN, VPN and Firewall infrastructure and escalation with various carriers and vendors. Work in parallel with our networking HQ team across the world. Manage working relationships with other business units and maintain effective cross-departmental communications and teamwork. Supervise network power downs, disaster recovery testing, changes and upgrades. Review network trouble tickets. Work overtime as needed and be available for emergency or scheduled on-call.
Monitoring with PRTG the networks Device
Open tickets to Internet Services Provider
Designing New Solutions required by Clients
Support to coworkers in troubleshooting about network.

FREE LANCE Miami, Florida 2017 to 2018
Network Engineer
I contacted different CISCO partners in the Miami area by phone to offer my services as a Network Engineer on an employee basis or as an associated service provider

OPENLINK (GOLD PARTNER) Caracas, Venezuela 2016 to 2017
Engineer Pre-Sales
Creates cost estimate to projects and supports sales productivity and collaborates with sales department, analyzing, dimensioning and preparing infrastructure offer with implement and service cost (security and data center) to ensure proposed deals include technical solutions that accurately address customer needs, and are appropriately supported by key customer technical decision-makers.
Generates the proposal to renew contracts in a timely manner.
Supports staff of service department in the solution of specific problems or implementation of some proposed solution in the company clients.

Use of CISCO portal tools for the generation estimates CISCO Commerce (CCW) and Contract renewal (CSCC) CISCO Service Contract Center and partner self-service.
Investigation of the CISCO trends in Security and Data Center to make informative talks to company’s key accounts.
Research within the web CISCO partner portal on solutions to problems reported by clients.
Generation of documentation on the procedures to follow in making quotes as a reference to pre-sales engineer.
Generation of documentation on the procedures to follow in making assessment of data centers as a reference to field engineer.
Research and preparation to present certificate examination assigned.

BANCO EXTERIOR Caracas, Venezuela 2009 to 2015
Senior Network Engineer
Provides 2nd and 3rd tier support, dedicated to continuous improvement of the network, design of news solutions for the network, project management by implement new technologies, generates reports for TI management, technical presentations, review of vendor proposals, recommendations, proposing and implementing new technologies as technical leader.
Participation in the development of the documentation of disaster recovery procedures for the bank
Design and implementation of data network equipment configuration alternate Data Center
Implementation and monitoring of best practices in the configurations of the equipment that make up the network

Unisys subsidiary Caracas, Venezuela 1993 to 2009
Network Design Engineer 3 2005 to 2009
Outsourcing service for BANCO EXTERIOR giving support to all networking equipments, monitoring of links of bank’s branches and equipments of the headquarters.
Customer Infrastructure Representative 1993 to 2005
Field engineer performing troubleshooting by different technologies such as Mainframes Unisys, Server, desktops, printers, ATM, document processors, etc.

Education
Electronic Engineer, Instituto Universitario Politécnico Santiago Marino, Caracas, Venezuela
Industrial Electronic Technician, IUT Región Los Andes, San Cristóbal, Venezuela
Contact this candidate