Sunil Kumar K

BI Senior Developer 209-***-**** ad5wa6@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn Badges & Certifications

Professional Synopsis

BI Technical manger and Data Architect, adept BI data engineer over 15+ Years of experience in data analysis tools within multiple industries, including Financial, Insurance, Healthcare, Clinical trial management, Storage, waste management, Telecommunications, Supply Chain Management and Sales& Marketing
Well experienced in execution of BI Application form Discovery Phase to Go-Live and Support
Experienced individual developer and acted as product owner and Technical Manger roles as well
Proficient in use of Snowflake, Tableau, Power BI, HANA Analytics, OBIEE, OAC Cognos, DataStage, Informatica, and Azure Data Factory
Spearheaded successful migrations to ADF, Snowflake, showcasing leadership in transformative data strategies
Successfully led the migration of Applications and BI Tools from On-Premise to AWS, orchestrating a seamless transition that optimized performance, scalability, and cost-efficiency
Experienced in BI tool Migrations from Cognos-Power BI,Cognos-Tableau, OBIEE-Power BI,OBIEE-Tableau
Experienced in maintain and setup of BI platform which includes installations, configurations include SSO, upgradation of Tableau, Power BI servers
Extensive experience in Production support and issue resolution that includes debugging of Reporting related Issues, Dashboard design issues, Archiving and Performance Issues
Proficient in DAX queries for crafting KPIs, partitions, perspectives, and calculated measures, showcasing strong skills in creating BI solutions via Power BI and SSAS
Having good experience in Power query, Power pivot and Dax for creating the effective reports and dashboards in Power BI
Comfortable in working with filters/calculated columns/measures/relationships and transformations of edit Query section
Installed, configured, and implemented both Enterprise gateway and Personal gateway in Power BI service to keep dashboards refreshing automatically and worked on gateway upgrades on quarterly base reviews.
Experienced in creating various visualizations by using Power BI, Tableau, OBIEE
Proficient Tableau maintenance, performance analysis, and managing administration tasks such as publishing workbooks, setting permissions on Tableau Server
Good experience on Tableau data extract by optimizing it to reduce the report rendering time.
Skilled in implementing RBLM and LBLM license models in Tableau and securities.
Design and apply KPIs, dashboards, and operational metrics using PerformancePoint Server — publishing them via Tableau. Power BI to enable KPIs tracking in a real-time
Good in creation of required Data model for Power BI, Tableau
Expert in implementation of row and column-level security within the Power BI, Tableau
Experienced in creation of data model for Pixel Perfect Report development using BI Publisher
Proficient in RPD development, covering Physical, Business Model, and Presentation Layer creation, Dimensional Hierarchies, Level-Based Measures, and Facts/Measures objects. Skilled in star and snowflake schema design, performance tuning in Oracle Analytics Cloud, utilizing aggregate tables, partitions, hints, and best practices
Vast experience in OBIEE Security Setup (groups, access/privileges), Metadata & Web Catalog Objects (Dashboards, Pages, Folders, Reports), and managing Variables for session and repository, enhancing administrative efficiency and dynamic metadata modification.
Proficient in comprehensively understanding and implementing robust security models for data, leveraging Secure Access Cloud (SAC) and Identity Management (IDM) tools. Ensuring that teams are properly configured and functioning as expected within these security frameworks.
Involved on new technologies, platform and approaches in data Migrations including Big Data, unstructured data analysis, social network data analytics, etc
Good in Agile methodologies and acted as a product owner and participate in Sprint Planning and Scrum meetings Liaise with business subject matter experts and stakeholders till to the product release
Collaborate with data engineers, data analysts, business analysts, and other stakeholders to understand business requirements, define data strategies, and drive data-driven decision-making of using either Tableau or Quicksight or Power BI
Experienced in showcasing advanced BI tools to clients. Proficient in collaborating with Development, Testing & Ops teams, and cross-functional teams to execute data governance, stewardship, data quality, and metadata initiatives.
Experienced in project Plans, documents, and executes all phases of the project lifecycle, including scope management, requirements management, work breakdown schedule and timeline management, priority and dependency management
Worked closely with ERDM teams and helped in planning related issues within time and supporting month end and quarter end budgeting process
Well planned deployment runbooks and go-live cutover activities, ensuring smooth transitions, and adeptly resolved post-go-live issues through well-defined hyper-care support protocols.
Skilled in ITSM tool usage for Incident, Knowledge, Problem, and Release Management, driving effective changes to improve IT service practices and align with monthly release calendars

Technical Skills

Data visualization Tools
Power BI,
Tableau
OBIEE, Oracle Analytics Cloud (OAC),
Cognos,SAP Analytics
AWS QuickSight, Zeppelin
ETL’s
Data stage, ODI, Informatica
Snowflake, Azure Data factory
Pentaho, Talend
Cloud
AWS, Azure
Database Technologies
Oracle, Teradata, SQL Server 2000
NoSQL, SAP HANA
Postgres
Big Data Tools
Hive, Scoop,
Apache Atlas, Apache Ranger
Other Applications
Salesforce
CTMS, CDA
Agile, Scrum, JIRA
ITSM - BMC Remedy, ServiceNow
Professional Certifications

Power BI form Microsoft
Tableau from salesforce
Cognos from IBM
Scrum Master from Scrum.org
Azure Data factory from Microsoft
PRINCE2® Practitioner from AXELOS

Professional Summary

Covanta is a waste and industrial waste management services company which develops and operates facilities that burn trash to produce electricity, recover metals from the waste stream for recycling, and provide other industrial waste management services.
Covanta Snowflake datahub fully integrates with operation systems from STUI, Enviroware, Peoplesoft, DMS, Netsuite. aim to maintain waste management, Inventory details, shipment status, order placement, and custom on-demand reports through Datahub
Responsibilities:
Led the strategic planning for the seamless migration of our current operational systems to the Snowflake Datahub, ensuring a smooth transition and optimized data management processes.
Transforming into a unified reporting and analytics platforms with a focus on self-service capabilities, aimed at supporting over 20,000 users worldwide. This involves migrating OBIEE reports to Tableau and Power BI dashboards tailored to specific requirements.
Led the creation of Talend dataflows to transfer data from Salesforce to Snowflake Data Hub, ensuring seamless integration. Additionally, developed Talend APIs to facilitate writeback into operational applications, optimizing data flow and operational efficiency.
Worked closely with functional teams to streamline application collaboration, identify common data elements, and establish consistent data mapping for integration into Snowflake.
Identified recurring issues in existing systems and addressed them during migration by collaborating with Business Leads and users
Leveraging my expertise in OBIEE BI reports, worked on optimizing performance and overseeing administrative and support tasks within Tableau and Power BI environments. This includes activities both before and after migrating from OBIEE, ensuring smooth transitions and continued operational excellence.
Implemented DAX function where ever need to translated business into technical implementation and to improve the performance of migrated reports.

Responsibilities:
Implemented Tableau cluster environments which include installation and configuration and the same migrated to AWS
Established, socialized and created an enterprise business intelligence and data analytics competency group and user forums
Experienced in maintain and setup of Tableau server platform which includes installations, configurations, and upgradation of Tableau servers
Implemented RBLM and LBLM License model in Tableau
Woking on 360 on technical process set up whereas we identify the technical gaps in process and deploy the plan to overcome the Gaps
End to End Data validation, Code review and implementing best practices in OAC
.RPD changes are done as part of requirements and developed critical dashboards on OAC
Expertise in performance tuning Business Intelligence reporting environments using aggregate tables, partitions, hints and designing best practices for Oracle Analytics Cloud
Implemented AWS QuickSight for Ericson Marketing and Product development data visualization and analytics.
Knowledge of integrating QuickSight with other AWS services like S3, Redshift, and RDS.
Experience in creating different visualizations using Bars, Lines and Pies, Maps, Scatter plots, Gantts, Bubbles, Histograms, Bullets, Heat maps and Highlight tables
Involved in administration tasks such as publishing workbooks, setting permissions, managing ownerships, providing access to the users and adding them to the specific group and scheduled instances for reports in Tableau Server.
Having good experience in Power query, Power pivot and Dax for creating the effective reports and dashboards in Power BI.
Comfortable in working with filters/calculated columns/measures/relationships and transformations of edit Query section.
Experienced in Generating Reports like Drill downs, Drill through etc. Using Power BI.

NetApp U : OBIEE, DataStage, Power BI
Installed Base : OBIEE, DataStage,Cognos
EMEA Marketing Solutions : Tableau, Hana, OBIEE, DataStage
Right Pricing : Hana, Tableau
Global Marketing Analytics : Tableau, Hive

Responsibilities:

Adept in end-to-end development of project from requirement analysis to system study,
designing, coding testing, de- bugging, documentation and implementation.
Strong Dashboard design experience and passionate practitioner of effective data visualization. Familiarity with best practices around visualization and design.
Involved in Bigdata projects with HIVE, Sqoop.
Developed Power BI reports and dashboards from multiple data sources using data blending.
Designed Power BI data visualization utilizing different charts like density charts, Gauge charts etc.
Expertise in connecting with POSTGRE SQL and utilizing the data effectively from tableau server database.
Developed Tableau Data visualization using Cross tabs, Heat maps, Box and Scatter Plots, Geographic Map, Pie Charts and Bar Charts and Density Chart.
Developed Tableau workbooks from multiple data sources using Data Blending.
Involved in administration tasks such as Setting permissions, managing ownerships, providing access to the users, and adding them to the specific group.

NetApp ANZ
EMEA Marketing Solutions : OBIEE, Tableau, Hana, HR Analytics : OBIEE, DataStage,ODI,Teradeta
NetApp Capital Solution : OBIEE, Pentaho Merck
CDA: OBIA, Informatica, DAC
Responsibilities:

Developed OBIEE, Tableau visualizations and dashboards and deployed the reports in various environments like Dev, UAT and Prod.
Worked closely with Business users. Interacted with ETL developers, Project Managers, and members of the QA teams.
Designing developing and maintain Oracle BI Publisher reports to meet business requirements and enhance data-driven decision-making
Worked on Write back feature on OBIEE
Created Attribute View, Analytic View, and Calculation Views using EDW tables
Working on solution approach, code review documents and provide approval for the same.
Created Cross subject area for NCS Subject Area.
Implemented OBIEE IN ANZ with. RPD and OBIEE Dashboards.

Deutsche Leasing AIG
BIEE, ODI AIG HRCR, Cyborg and GDW :COGNOS, DataStage

Responsibilities:
Involved in upgrade from OBIEE 10 G to 11 G.
Worked on .rpd and Time Series Objects, Interactive Dashboards.
Worked on Security Setup groups, access, report privileges, configured
Analytics Metadata objects Subject Area.
Worked Reports and scheduling iBots and Usage tracking

Responsibilities:
Designed and developed the OBIEE metadata repository (.RPD) using OBIEE Server Admin
Created Dashboards using Oracle10.1.3.4.1 As a part of report development Analysis
of the data and create the Complex joins as per client requirement and creating dashboard out of it.
Resolving the Performance issues in Reports & RPD.
Creation of calculations filters and prompts in reports designing.
Prepared User documentation to train users and functionality of each report
Core Competencies

Data Analytics

Data Engineering
Data/Dimensional Modeling
Data Governance

Data Warehousing

Data Architecture

Cloud
ITSM Management
BI Solutions implementations
NO SQL

Process Improvement

Program & Project Management

Team Building

Vendor Management
System Design &Software Integration
Organizational Digest

Organization
Designation
From
To
COVANTA
BI Senior Technical Manager
Jan ‘24
Till
HCL Technologies
BI Senior Technical Manager
Sep ‘20
Jan ‘24
UST Global
BI Assoc. Software Architect
Nov ‘16
July ‘20
HCL Technologies
BI Senior Consultant – Reporting Manger
Jan ‘13
Nov ‘16
Hexaware Technologies
Team Lead
March ‘11
Jan ‘13
Ness Technologies
Senior S/W Engineer
April ‘08
March ‘11

Educational Qualifications

MCA from Bangalore University
B.S.C Computers from Nagarjuna University

Client: Covanta USA Jan 2024 - Till
Jo : Job Role : BI Lead Developer New Jersy
Environment: OBIEE, Tableau, Power BI, Snowflake, SQL Server, DB2, Oracle, Talend, AWS
Client: Ericsson USA Sep-2020 - Jan 2024
Jo : Job Role: BI Senior Technical Manager Onsite - Client location
Environment: Tableau Suit, Power BI, Informatica, Oracle SQL, SAP HANA, AWS, AZURE ADF, Oracle Analytics Cloud (OAC),AWS QuickSight
Client: NetApp USA Nov2016 – July 2020
Jo : Job Role: BI Assoc. Software Architect Onsite – Client location
Environment: Tableau,Power BI, Informatica, Oracle SQL, SAP HANA, AWS, AZURE ADF, Oracle Analytics Cloud (OAC),AWS QuickSight
Client: HCL Technologies Jan 2013 – Nov2016
Jo : Job Role: BI Assoc. Software Architect Onsite - Client location
Client: Hexaware Technologies March2011-Jan 2013
Jo : Job Role: Team Lead Onsite
Client: Ness Technologies April 2008 – March 2011
Jo : Job Role: Senior S/W Engineer Onsite
Environment: Cognos, OBIEE, Informatica, Oracle,CTMS
Contact this candidate