Meghan Dowell
ad5wmw@r.postjobfree.com 813-***-****
Tampa, FL
Summary:
Strategic and results-driven Digital Technology services professional with over 10 years of experience in driving sales and delivery through effective client engagement, solution-oriented approaches, and successful negotiations. Demonstrated expertise in managing the full recruitment life cycle for a diverse range of technical, digital, and creative roles, coupled with a proven track record of building strong client relationships and delivering high-quality talent solutions.

Notable Accomplishments:
●2018 Performance Incentive Program: Recognized in the firm’s top 10% of performers
●Achieved 2 million dollars career to date gross profit within 3 years, with highest monthly run rate of $62,000 gross profit
●Helped build and grow a Fortune 500 Communications company’s first in house creative studio team assisting in cost avoidance for our client and bringing all Tier2/Tier 3 production work in house. Successfully onboarded Producer, Project Management, Design, DAM Librarian, Account Management, Proof and Copy talent.
●Was part of one of the largest services engagements for a complete B2B Re-design assisting in building a 55 person UX pod team
●Successfully assembled a team of Project Management, Business Analysis, Data Analysis, and Product talent focused on enhancing business and consumer offerings through streamlined digital self-service experiences surrounding Billing and Delivery Promotions and Capabilities

Industry & Functions Supported:
●Fortune 500 Enterprise customers focused within the Communications, Consumer & Technology Industry
●User Experience/Customer Experience: UX Research, UX Design, UX Writing, Visual Design, Information Architect, Usability Testing
●Digital Transformation: Digital Project and Program Manager, Digital Marketing Specialist and Operations, Change Management, Writer, Content Strategist, Developer, Business Analyst
●Cloud Transformation: Architect, Engineer, DevOps Engineer, Security Analysts, Cloud Migration Specialist, Data Engineer, Network Operations
●Data & Analytics: Data Analyst, Data Engineer, Data Scientist, Data Visualization, Business Intelligence Analyst, Machine Learning Engineer, Predictive Analytics
●Advertising Technology: Addressable, Programmatic, Buy/Sell Side, SEO,
Experience:
Kforce Inc. Tampa, FL
Strategic Relationship Director
December 2022 – Present
●Serving the firm’s largest account as a Professional Services Partner
●Work closely with Technology, Creative, Marketing and Studio leaders to understand their goals and challenges, solutioning with AM Partners how our consulting services will gain them favorable outcomes through quality talent, managed teams & managed services.
●Participate in full lifecycle recruiting activities ranging from business qualification, statement of work draft and revisions, pricing negotiations, strategic sourcing, engagement and screening of talent, onboarding, and consultant retention strategies.
●Maintain client and consultant relationships while effectively managing redeployment activities, ensuring continuous engagement.
●Fostering strong relationships with consultants, resulting in with the average consultant tenure of 3 years
●Peak number of consultants billing simultaneously is 37
Deloitte Consulting LLP – Remote (Contracting through TCWGlobal)
Sr Technical Recruiter
March 2022– December 2022 (Successful contract completion)
●Supporting Core Business Operations (CBO) as well as Core Industry Solutions (CIS) within Deloitte Consulting LLP, this includes Finance Technology and Digital Banking Solutions as well as Insurance Technology
●Maintaining a pipeline of qualified candidates, both active and passive building with FinTech and Digital Banking professionals, focusing on nCino, Captive Auto and Loan Servicing consulting offerings as well as Guidewire, Majesco and Duck Creek consultants. This included Secret Clearance searches and recruitment of qualified candidates.
●Driving discovery sessions with hiring team/business partners to identify pipeline and open needs.
●Daily utilization of Avature (ATS)
●Sourcing candidates via LinkedIn Recruiter
●Screening candidates for various skill sets within technical and functional Program Management, Business Process Engineering, Quality Assurance, FinTech and Insurance domains.
●Scheduling interviews for hiring managers via Zoom, Microsoft Teams, and Skype
●Partnering with HR and Talent Business Advisors for guidance on all thing’s talent related
●Participating in weekly and bi-weekly check points with business unit as well as individual business partner to discuss priorities, interview activity, and sourcing techniques.
●Participating in Diversity Outreach programs
●Created a Recruiter and Interviewer Guideline surrounding Program Management and Business Process for newly hired associates.

Walmart
Remote Senior Talent Partner – Corporate Affairs/Global Governance
December 2021- March 2022
●Owned full cycle recruiting across multiple departments/teams: Technology and Engineering, Sales, Corporate Functions, Global Governance and Data Analytics
●Managed candidate pipelines and calibrate regularly with hiring teams on interview process, qualifications, and progress.
●Provided an inclusive candidate experience in collaboration with our Talent Coordinators & Sourcing team.
●Developed creative strategies to identify, attract, and hire candidates from underrepresented and diverse backgrounds.
●Reported on pipeline and kept candidate activity up to date in within the ATS (Workday and Avature)
●Tracked results & KPIs to streamline recruiting strategies.

Kforce Inc. Tampa, FL
Senior Recruiter
April 2014 – December 2021
●Full lifecycle recruiter focused on senior level IT, Digital and Executive level professionals for AT&T, WarnerMedia, Xandr, and DirecTV
●Attend requisition discovery calls scheduled with the hiring manager to gather "must have" skills based on their open requisition.
●Primary point of contact for candidates and business partners throughout the interview process
●Provided timely and customer-focused service to internal and external constituents (e.g. recruiters, candidates, and interviewers)
●Responsible for posting open requisitions across multiple job boards (i.e. Monster, CareerBuilder, iHire, ZipRecruiter, DICE, Indeed), free job boards from personal research, LinkedIn Recruiter, social media, 3rd party approved suppliers, referrals, passive candidates, etc
●Create strong working relationships with candidates through email and phone screens as well as make sure the interview and hiring process is enjoyable.
●Mentored and trained new hire and mid-level recruiters by within all areas of full life cycle recruiting.

Ferreri Search Tampa, FL
Sr. Information Technology Recruiter
October 2013 - March 2014
●Full life cycle recruitment (source candidates, schedule interviews, negotiate offers, on-boarding and coordinate new hire orientations) for Exempt, Non-Exempt, Management and Director/VP level positions within the IT and Finance space.
●Created targeted Boolean searches to identify qualified candidates for contract, contract to hire and permanent opportunities across multiple industries including Finance, Accounting, Mortgage, Telecommunications, Healthcare and Energy
●Worked to improve effective communication and collaboration between the delivery function and account managers.
●Used various recruiting methods, including search engines, job boards, internal and external networking activity, job fairs/meetups and professional organizations.

Kforce Inc. Tampa, FL
March 2011 – October 2013 Lead Talent Qualification Specialist
April 2012 - October 2013 Vendor Strategy and Delivery
●Focused third party and immigration specific recruiting, including but not limited to Corp-to Corp, Independent Contractors, and Vendor Management
●Served as a mentor to team members and new associates, created and implemented training and development materials.
●Maintained compliance with K-Force as well as US Citizen and Immigration Service (USCIS) policies and procedures throughout all stages of the third-party recruiting cycle.
●Served as a point of contact to lead and schedule status updates to field partners, team members and various markets on daily and weekly basis for both the Wells Fargo and JP Morgan Chase account • New vendor on-boarding, validating candidate work authorization documents, confirming best rate and managing partnership with our active third-party vendors
Education
Florida State University, B.S., Criminology & Criminal Justice/Sociology, 2010
Contact this candidate