AMIT PRASAD
M: 470-***-**** E: ad5xm9@r.postjobfree.com LI: Amit’s LinkedIn
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Response Media Inc., Atlanta, GA • Senior Data Scientist
*/**** – 4/2024
Designed, built, and maintained ETL/ELT using Azure Data Factory/Synapse to collect data from disparate data sources and loaded them into Azure SQL databases/Azure ADLS Gen2/Azure blob, reducing data ingestion time by 50%. Azure Logic Apps is used within the jobs to send out success or failure email notifications of the pipelines.
Developed five expansive and several other automated reports in Power BI to go from raw data to deeper insights with over $5M in annual revenue. It made the key KPIs available in almost real-time to the relevant teams.
Developed and executed complex SQL queries for extracting business insights and transforming the data using aggregation, attribute construction and integration to make it suitable for BI visualization, increasing decision-making efficiency by 30%.
Architected robust data models that supported business intelligence insights, driving a 25% lift in data-driven decision-making.
Led the design and development of a scalable Azure-based analytics platform, improving data processing speed by 40%.
Implemented advanced analytics such as life cycle analysis, cohort analysis to information growth strategies that brought in over $3M of revenue.
Maintain a petabyte of data spread across 5 clients in SSMS. Troubleshoot and fix problems in case of failures in automated jobs.
Expertise in creating views, materialized views and stored procedures in SQL and Python Data Frames for analytics projects.

Accenture, Bangalore, India • Software Engineering Analyst
8/2011 – 3/2016
Performed Functional and DB testing for clients like First Data and BestBuy within the allocated deadline for over 90% of the projects.
Wrote over 1500+ test cases, Test scenarios, test plans and conducted test reviews. Extensive knowledge of software design life cycle and database testing procedures.
Created UNIX shell script to automate around 21 tasks in the test environment thus saving 45% of time.
Worked on Oracle HRMS suite of applications while with the client Best Buy, primarily performing database testing on Oracle Human Resources module with an uptime of 99.9%.

Accenture, Bangalore, India • Intern
1/2011 – 7/2011

Client (UnitedHealthcare): Overhauled the manual processes and created VBA macros for Project Matrices Validation and auto-formatting of DB field values for other members in the testing team that led to a reduction of manual effort by 80%.

SKILLS
Functional skills: Requirement gathering, Project planning, Stakeholder communication, Transition gathering, Agile, Waterfall and V-cycle methodologies, cloud platforms.
Technical skills: SQL Server, Power BI, Azure Data Factory, Azure Synapse analytics, Azure Databricks, Azure Data Lake, Logic Apps, SSMS, Azure Data Studio, Python, PySpark, Big Data, Data Analytics, Data Modeling (Star Schema), Data warehousing, Data Pipeline Creation, Business logic development, Business Intelligence, ETL development, End to end data validation, Machine Learning

EDUCATION
Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA
8/2018 – 5/2020
Master of Science — Analytics, GPA – 3.53

ACHIEVEMENTS
Optimized Power BI refreshes: Led the solution design and overall implementation of the optimization of dashboard refreshes consistently exceeding an hour and brought it down to a little over 5 min.
Architected data warehouse solution: Spearheaded the Azure SQL data warehouse for our data storage need and integration with BI tool.
Engineered innovation in data processing: Programmed reusable code libraries that reduced overall similar data development efforts.
Contact this candidate