HARIPRIYA SUBRAMANIAN Contact: +1-567-***-****
Data Engineer/Solution Architect/ServiceNow/Power BI/Tableau Email ID:ad5y7u@r.postjobfree.com
Location: Fremont, California
mailto:ad5y7u@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Around 8 years of experience in Data Visualization with exposure to Design, Modelling, Development, Testing, Maintenance, and customer support environments on multiple domains.
Experience in Business Intelligence with SAP BI tools, Power BI, Qlikview, Qliksense, Power apps, Power automate, Snowflake, SAP Analytics Cloud, Tableau, Crystal Reports.
Experience in Performance Tuning of reports within Power BI Desktop, On Premise Power BI Server, Power BI Service.
Experience with solid capabilities in exploratory data analysis, statistical analysis, and visualization using R, Python, SQL, and Tableau.
Developed data visualization like Cross tabs, Heat maps, Bar Charts, Gantt charts, Waterfall charts, Scatter Plots, Geographic Maps, Pie Charts and Donut Charts using Tableau/Power BI Desktop.
Extensive experience in Azure Cloud, Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Lake Storage and Data bricks.
Experience in designing and implementing of cloud architecture on Microsoft Azure.
Excellent knowledge on integrating Snowflake with variety of data sources and processing the data using the pipelines, pipeline parameters, activities, activity parameters, manually/window based/event - based job scheduling.
Worked on Data Warehouse design, implementation, and support (SQL Server, Azure SQL DB, Azure SQL Data warehouse, Oracle).
Experience in creating database objects such as Tables, Constraints, Indexes, Views, Indexed Views, Stored Procedures, UDFs and Triggers on Microsoft SQL Server.
Strong experience in writing & tuning complex SQL queries.
Experience & Involved in all phases of SDLC process - Requirement Gathering, Analysis, Design, Coding, Code reviews, Configuration control, QA & deployment.
Good knowledge on Data modeling and Data Analytics tools & Exposure to Sharepoint online.
Experience developing complex mappings, reusable transformations, sessions, and packages using SSIS ETL tool to extract data from various sources and load into targets.
Supported 24/7 on production scheduling jobs/Reports on various ETL and Visualization tools.
Expertise in building ETL solutions for data warehousing using SQL server integration services (SSIS) and expert in design and development of ETL packages for integrating data from various data sources (Excel, XML, Flat File, Web API’s, MS Access) to MS SQL Server using Data Tools like SQL Server Integration services (SSIS).
Knowledge of Database Architecture for OLAP and OLTP Applications, Database designing, Data Migration, Data Warehousing Concepts with emphasis on ETL.
Experienced in Data Modeling & Data Analysis experience using Dimensional Data Modeling and Relational Data Modeling, Star Schema/Snowflake Modeling, FACT & Dimensions tables, Physical & Logical Data Modeling.
Defining user stories and driving the agile board in JIRA during project execution, participate in sprint demo and retrospective.
Configured, Maintained, and administered Kanban boards in Azure DevOps for agile project management and workflow visualization.
Assisted and Trained other developers/Customers in accessing the project documentation/technologies.
Flexible, enthusiastic, and project-oriented team player with excellent communication skills and leadership capabilities to develop creative solutions in challenging environments.
HIGHLIGHTS:
Led the Team from Offshore for complete BO, Qlikview, Power BI Activities.
Trained the juniors for BO,Qlikview, Power platform, ServiceNow.
Created RFP and planned, assisted other account to create BOBJ upgrade plan, approach and provided the required solution to upgrade from BI 4.1 to BI 4.3.
Conducted Technical Interviews for the recruitment.
End to End handling of Data Migration to Snowflake from Traditional DB.
AWARDS & RECOGNITIONS:
Awarded by CTS for an exceptional performance as the Team Lead.
Appreciated by many clients in completing all the daily activities on time.
Appreciated by project manager on handling whole project alone and working hard to complete all daily activities.
Best Microsoft Power Platform Trainer in Siemens Healthineers Academy for Entry-Level Joiners.
EDUCATION
Master of Technology in Data Science and Engineering from Birla Institute of Technology, India – 2023
Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication Engineering from Sri Krishna College of Technology, India - 2016
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Cloud Technologies
Microsoft and Amazon.
Databases
MySQL, MS-SQL Server, Teradata, Snowflake, Oracle, DB2.
Programming Languages
SQL, T-SQL, DAX, M Query, Python
Tools
Power Query, Visual Studio (SSIS/SSAS), SQL Developer, SQL Navigator, SQL Server Management Studio, Power App, Domo, MS teams, MS 0365, SAP Analytics Cloud, Qlikview, SAP BO 4.1,4.2,4.3, HP service Manager, ServiceNow, Jira, Power Automate (flow), Power BI (2.128.751.0 - April 2024)/Tableau services, Power BI Gateway, Copilot.
Cloud Services
Azure Data Factory (ADF), Azure Data Lake Storage (ADLS), Azure SQL Database, NoSQL DB, Azure DevOps, Azure Data bricks,
Operating Systems
Windows 10/7/XP/2000/NT/98/95, UNIX, LINUX
Visualization/ Reporting
Tableau, Power BI, SSRS, SAC, Demo
Methodologies
Agile/Scrum, Waterfall
Applications
Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint)
Document Management
Share point online

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Project #1 Bristol Myers Squibb Sep 2023 to till Date
Data Engineer/ServiceNow/Power Platform Developer Redwood City, CA
Worked in the IT reporting Team for Medical data.
Led a project to enhance ServiceNow reporting capabilities to meet evolving business needs.
Collaborated with stakeholders to gather requirements and define project scope.
Designed and implemented 12 custom reports, 6 dashboards, and 4 analytics using ServiceNow reporting tools.
Analyzed data trends and patterns to identify 25% increase in process improvement opportunities.
Worked closely with 3 cross-functional teams to integrate reporting solutions with other systems.
Provided technical expertise and support for report generation, troubleshooting, and training to 10+ users.
Documented reporting solutions, processes, and procedures for knowledge sharing.
Leveraged Tableau and Power BI for advanced data visualization and analysis.
Conducted regular reviews and optimizations of existing reports and dashboards for improved performance.
Designed and implemented 15 custom widgets and 5 service catalog items to automate and simplify service request processes.
Implemented advanced client-side scripting using JavaScript to enhance portal functionality and user interactivity.
Integrated the Service Portal with external systems and APIs to enable seamless data exchange and process automation.
Conducted thorough testing and debugging to ensure the portal's functionality, usability, and performance.
Provided training and support to 20+ end users to facilitate the adoption of the new Service Portal.
Collaborated with the ServiceNow admin team to ensure the portal's compliance with ITIL processes and best practices.
Successfully launched the Service Portal, resulting in a 30% reduction in service request processing time.
Improved user satisfaction by providing a modern, user-friendly interface for accessing services.
Enhanced the organization's overall service delivery capabilities and efficiency.
Received accolades from senior management for the successful implementation and impact on operational excellence.
Designed, developed, tested, and maintained Power BI functional reports based on user requirements.
Mastered the ability to design and deploy rich Graphic visualizations with drill-down and Drop-down menu options and Parameters using Power BI.
Proficient in implementing Row-Level Security (RLS) in Power BI to restrict data access based on user roles and permissions.
Involved in Compliance and Governance - Ensured compliance with data governance and regulatory requirements by implementing RLS to enforce data access controls.
Collaborated with Business stakeholders and IT teams to gather requirements, design RLS solutions, and implement data security measures.
Experience in Creating customized Tableau Dashboards, integrating Custom SQL from Teradata and Oracle, and performing data blending in reports.
Experienced in service now, such as Incident Management, Change Management, Service Catalog, or Asset Management.
Hands-on experience in ITSM using HP Service Manager, ability to streamline IT processes, handle incidents, manage service requests, and optimize workflows using the ServiceNow platform.
Involved in Creating a Management App using Power App for the Process Team and experience in Developing Various Canvas and Model Driven Apps.
Utilized Microsoft Copilot to streamline code writing processes, improving efficiency and accuracy in software development.
Collaborated with team members to leverage Microsoft Copilot for code reviews and enhancements, resulting in improved code quality and faster development cycles.
Implemented Microsoft Copilot in a project to automate repetitive coding tasks, reducing development time by 20%.
Leveraged Microsoft Copilot to streamline the development of data pipelines on Azure, including services like Azure Data Factory, Azure Databricks.
Utilized Copilot for code generation and optimization when integrating AWS and Azure resources, ensuring efficient cross-cloud data transfer and processing.
Configured and maintained Azure services such as Azure Blob Storage, Azure SQL Database, and Azure Data Lake Storage, utilizing Copilot for best practices and code suggestions.
Ensured data security and compliance by implementing Copilot-assisted code for encryption, access controls, and regulatory compliance.
Optimized data workflows using Copilot's suggestions and best practices, resulting in improved performance and cost efficiency.
Worked closely with the stakeholders and Project owner.
Worked on Agile methodology and actively participated in sprint and Sprint retrospective meetings.
Hands-on Experience in Developing business process flows, Approval Flows, UI Flows, and Integration Flows in Power Automate that guide users through predefined steps and enforce standard procedures.
Strong Skills in data movement activities, transformations, and control activities, Data flow, Get Metadata, Lookup, Stored procedure, and Execute Pipeline.
Created a Pipeline to extract data from on-premises source systems to Azure cloud data lake storage.
Developed Analytics applications automation using modern scripting languages (Python, JSON code, R scripts)
Streamlined incident management and data warehousing by linking Snowflake with Azure Data Lake Storage. Used Snow pipe data ingestion pipelines, optimized SQL queries, and developed stored procedures for enhanced data processing. Built interactive Power BI dashboards for insightful data visualization.
Utilized Celonis for Process Mining in Incident Management, configuring data connectors, performing root cause analysis, and optimizing processes
Extensive Experience in Custom Visual Creation using Micro Soft research tool (Charticulator).
Worked on SharePoint Online and Involved in Data Loading using Power Automate.
Conducted data analysis and identified trends, patterns, and anomalies to identify improvement and risk mitigation areas.

Environment and Technology: Azure, Azure DevOps, Performance tuning, dataflow jobs, Microsoft Power Platform, Copilot, ServiceNow.

Project #2 Siemens Healthineers June 2021 to Sep 2023
Solution Architect/Senior Engineer – IT operations/ServiceNow,Power BI, Tableau Bangalore, India
Responsibilities:
Worked for Siemens Health Care IT Team, Variant IT reports Integration and Process Mining.
Responsible for gathering requirements, system analysis, design, development, testing, and deployment.
Reports, flows, and Apps are Developed for Project Benefit, Business Value, Compliance, Incident Management, Problem Management, Microsoft Intune Data (My Mobile and My Mac), Risk management, Service Management, User satisfaction survey Data, and IT Training using the Microsoft Power Platform.
Worked in AGILE Methodology and SCRUM Process.
Worked closely with Developer, Product owner, Scrum master, QA team, Process Owner.
Actively participated sprint and Sprint retrospective meetings.
Successfully created Use Cases, User stories, UML diagrams, Functional Requirements
Specifications (FRS) and User Requirement Specification (URS) documents and implemented processes, procedures, guidelines.
Worked in Data Design, Transformation and Loading, Data Analysis, Data migration, Data preparation, Data Validation, Data Quality, Data Profiling Reporting, and Documentation.
Ability to work independently or as part of a team to accomplish critical business objectives and to make decisions under pressure.
Service Now Usage:
Experienced in service now such as Incident Management, Change Management, Service Catalog, or Asset Management.
Hands-on experience in ITSM using ServiceNow, ability to streamline IT processes, handle incidents using the ServiceNow platform.
Experienced in generating reports and leveraging ServiceNow's reporting and analytics capabilities. Ability to create dashboards, design custom reports, and provide data-driven insights to support decision-making processes in the Performance Analytics side.
ServiceNow Performance Analytics Implementation
Role: Led the implementation of ServiceNow Performance Analytics to track and analyze key performance indicators (KPIs) for IT service management.
Responsibilities:
Gathered requirements from stakeholders and designed custom reports and dashboards to visualize KPIs.
Developed automated workflows using ServiceNow to streamline data collection and reporting processes.
Analyzed data trends and patterns to identify areas for process improvement and cost optimization.
ServiceNow Reporting Dashboard for Incident Management
Role: Designed and developed a reporting dashboard for incident management using ServiceNow Reporting and Dashboarding tools.
Responsibilities:
Collaborated with the incident management team to gather reporting requirements and understand business objectives.
Created custom reports and dashboards to track incident trends, response times, and resolution rates.
Implemented data visualization techniques to present complex data sets in an easily understandable format.
Integration of ServiceNow with Tableau for Enhanced Reporting
Role: Integrated ServiceNow with Tableau to create interactive and visually appealing reports and dashboards.
Responsibilities:
Designed data models and ETL processes to extract data from ServiceNow and load it into Tableau for reporting.
Developed Tableau dashboards with drill-down and filter options to provide detailed insights into IT service management metrics.
Conducted user training sessions on accessing and interpreting reports and dashboards.
ServiceNow Privilege Management Automation
Role: Automated privilege management processes in ServiceNow to improve efficiency and compliance.
Responsibilities:
Designed and implemented automated workflows using ServiceNow Workflow Editor.
Integrated ServiceNow with Active Directory for user provisioning and deprovisioning.
Implemented role-based access control (RBAC) policies in ServiceNow to ensure proper access permissions.
Tableau:
Extensively worked on Tableau Desktop, created Score Cards, Filters, Custom SQL, Dashboards and stories.
Worked on Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server and created scheduled refreshes and host the
Dashboards on Report app.
Extensively worked on Excel for Data Cleansing, VLOOKUPs and structure the data.
Performed data quality assessment, risk of performing joins on the data.
Created Tableau scorecards, dashboards using stack bars, bar graphs, scattered plots,
geographical maps, Gantt charts using show me functionality during POC.
Created side by side bars, Scatter Plots, Stacked Bars, Heat Maps, Filled Maps and Symbol Maps according to deliverable specifications.
Created customized Tableau Dashboards, integrating Custom SQL from Teradata and Oracle and performing data blending in reports.
Generated Interactive Dashboards with Quick filters, Parameters and Actions to handle views more efficiently.
Created Bullet graphs to determine profit generation by using measures, dimensions data from Oracle, MS Excel.
Developed and reviewed SQL queries with use of joins clauses (inner, left, right) in Tableau
Desktop to validate static and dynamic data for data validation.
Expertise in transforming business requirements into analytical models, designing algorithms, building models, developing data mining and reporting solutions that scales across massive volumes of structured and unstructured data.
Having strong SQL skills with ability to optimize, analyze and improve database performance.
Utilized Tableau server to publish and share the reports with the business users.
Power BI:
Created interactive reports customized for the business using Power BI Desktop.
Built Power BI dashboards based on generated reports.
Developed calculated columns and measures using DAX in Power BI.
Created action filters, parameters, and calculated sets for preparing dashboards, worksheets using Power BI.
Built analysis reports and visualizations using DAX functions like table, aggregation, and iteration functions.
Performed Power BI Data modeling, which cleans, transforms, and mash-up Data from multiple sources.
Created reports, dashboards using Bar charts, PIE Charts, Donut charts, Gauge, MAP, Waterfall Charts, Filters, and Slicers.
Developed and maintained comprehensive Power BI dashboards and reports to monitor and analyze key business metrics, KPIs, KCIs, and KRIs.
Conducted data analysis and identified trends, patterns, and anomalies to identify areas of improvement and risk mitigation.
Serve as a liaison between development, business stakeholder governance and end users throughout the application development lifecycle and understand the relationships between the various modules.
Created Audit pipelines to store pipeline history logs in ADF and configured dataflows in Power BI service.
Custom Visual Creation using Micro Soft research tool (Charticulator)
Mastered the ability to design and deploy rich Graphic visualizations with drill-down and Drop-down menu options and Parameters using Power BI.
Published reports to Power BI services and scheduled subscriptions and various sharing options (workspace, content pack, and Apps).
Combined data from different sources such as SharePoint Online, SQL Server, MS Access, Excel, CSV, and Text files by using Power Query data blend.
Created end-to-end Data pipelines to load data from On-premises to Power BI Services.
Developed Data Flows and consumed in Power BI reports.
Used Datamart in Power BI Services for report generation.
Build complex ETL jobs that transform data visually with data flows or by using compute services Azure Databricks, and Azure SQL Database
Created a Pipeline to extract data from on-premises source systems to Azure cloud data lake storage.
Implemented Error Handling concept through copy activity.
Implemented Azure copy activity and dataflow jobs using azure data factory.
Created and maintained optimal data pipeline architecture in cloud Microsoft Azure using Data Factory and Azure Databricks.
Analyzed data where it lives by Mounting Azure Data Lake and Blob to Databricks.
SharePoint Online:
Extensively worked on SharePoint.
Created a Landing Page for our team and Integrated the Power BI reports, Apps.
Implemented document management solutions using SharePoint Online to facilitate collaboration, version control, and document sharing among team members.
Designed document workflows and approval processes within SharePoint to automate business processes and improve productivity.
Integrated SharePoint with Microsoft Teams, Outlook, and other Office 365 applications to enable seamless collaboration and communication.
Integrated SharePoint Online with Microsoft 365, Power Automate, Power Apps, and third-party solutions, to automate business processes and streamline workflows.
Designed and implemented SharePoint workflows, alerts, and notifications to automate routine tasks, notifications, and reminders.

Environment: ServiceNow Platform
Technologies: ServiceNow Performance Analytics, ServiceNow Reporting, ServiceNow Dashboarding, SQL, Tableau, Power BI,ITIL processes

Project #3 Cognizant Technologies (3M client) – Enterprise Solutions. May 2016 to June 2021
Team Lead/ Power BI / SAP BI / SAP BI Admin/ Qlikview/ SAC/Tableau Chennai, India
Responsibilities:
Worked within the Offshore team for a 3M Client.
Engaged in all stages of Development related to Business Intelligence reports utilizing SAP BI, Power BI, SAP Analytics Cloud, and Tableau.
Managed Data Migration and Ensured Data Governance by spot-checking data across tables using Python scripts, Pyspark, and Security management for the environment.
Possessed substantial experience in uploading, retrieving, manipulating, and handling sensitive data in Teradata, SQL Server Management Studio, and Snowflake Databases.
Participated in Data Consolidation based on the Data available in databases for monthly Data Analysis for Corporate Planning using BI Tools.
Demonstrated hands-on Experience in AWS Cloud, Snowflake using Databricks, and Azure Cloud.
Exhibited strong Knowledge in Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, and Implementation of Business Intelligence Solutions using Datamart and BI tools and client Applications.
Conducted data migration from legacy systems to new databases like Snowflake, AWS Services such as Redshift, and EC2 for BI reports.
Accumulated extensive hands-on experience in BI reports migration from SAP BI Legacy environment to Cloud (SAP BI 4.3), Qlikview Dashboards migration and Development as well.
Strong Skills in Data Analysis, Data Gathering, Data Management, Data Migration, and Governance report Generation.
Utilized Snow SQL scripts to analyze monthly metrics populated by the IT team in the Snowflake Database, including Snow DB tracing and enabling caching setup at the server level.
Integrated AWS and Azure resources, establishing secure connectivity and enabling seamless communication between cloud environments.
Configured AWS services - Amazon S3, EC2 and Azure services -Blob Storage, and Active Directory for optimal performance.
Implemented data transfer mechanisms between AWS and Azure using AWS DataSync, Azure Data Factory, and custom API integrations.
Monitored and managed the integration using AWS CloudWatch and Azure Monitor, ensuring high availability and performance.
Generated critical reports to facilitate tactical responses, provide strategic planning inputs, and address various business requirements.
Served as a Power BI Gateway Administrator, ensuring corporate access for Power BI reports and Paginated reports.
Installed and maintained On-premises Power BI gateway to provide secure data transfer between on-premises data and the Power BI service.
Possessed significant experience with the Power Platform (Power BI, Power Apps, Power Automate) in the healthcare sector.
Played a major role in coordinating with onsite business partners to ensure timely deliverables as a Technical Team Lead.
SAP Analytics Cloud:
Intermediate proficiency in SAP Analytics Cloud.
Developed stories with responsive and canvas layout that includes all types of filters (page, story, input).
Applied Data Blending concepts, Calculated Measures, Dimension, Data Calculation concepts.
Created a Geo Map with Drill down functionality using Geo enriching data By Coordinates.
Have hands-on experience in creating Stories and Analytics application in SAC.
Part of a team in which we did POC in creating a sales dashboard for Volkswagen and Audi using SAP Analytics Cloud Analytical Application.
Build a Chat Bot Interface Custom Widget in SAP Analytics Cloud.
SAP BO Environment:
Creation of Web Intelligence reports for usage metrics.
On demand support by reaching out to users on call or through instant messengers to solve the issue.
Knowledge of proactive and swift measures to make sure environment is available to users 24X7.
User provisioning (providing access), Security management (folder, universe, connection).
LDAP configuration.
Handling close to 5000 schedules that delivered to users on a daily basis.
Incident handling (assisting users for BO end errors).
Service Request (Report, universe migration between environments).
Scheduling of Jobs, monitoring and re-scheduling of failed jobs.
Fixing issues and bugs encountered when trying to run or develop Web Intelligence, Crystal or Lumira Reports.
Assisting users in IDT/UDT universe and connection retrieval issues.
BI 4.3 Environment with Snowflake enabled and testing for user assistance.
Created Auditing reports for the BO environments and validated with Original data with complex structure.
Developed Geo Map based reports using Lumira Dashboard.
Leaded the team from the offshore in migration for 3M Thailand from BO 4.1 to BO 4.2 and assisting the end users with all the testing post upgrade.
Part of the team for migration of business reports for Australia users from BO4.1 to BO4.2 and assisting in post upgrade testing
Worked with the development team and assist the users for the post migration issues.
Done the migrations to 4.3 BO (AWS Cloud and Snowflake DW) from 4.2 BO environment.
Upgraded 4.3 BI SP00 to 4.3 BI SP 0 Patch 4 to fix the Bugs in Dev, QA, Prod Environment.
Closely collaborate with the internal teams to integrate tool in SAP BO environment for user flexibility and reduce manual effort.
Setup the tool and the No SQL DB for the tool in BO environment 4.1 and 4.2
Closely work with Java team to fix the webpages available for user accessibility and feasibility.
Snowflake
User role set up for the DB access, Data warehouse configuration and moving the DB to Cloud (AWS).
Transformation of the data (ETL and ELT).
Cleansing activity as user requested.
Staging area set up for Long-term data.
Training: Provided Snowflake training to Onsite team for college hires.
Power BI Development and Power BI Gateway:
Power BI dashboard creation for Safety and Industrial Business Group (SIBG). Have coordinated with client and developed the dashboard per requirement based on Complaints data.
Maintained and fixed the timely issues in the Covid details Power BI Dashboard for the Health care team. It has details about reported cases in the USA and Globally. In specific, it shows data about affected workers.
Enhanced the Qlikview based and SAP BO based Power BI dashboard. Fixed the issue in it.
Developed the Covid details Dashboard for Health care team.
Enhanced the Covid return to work Dashboard for Client Industries plants.
Public Gateway installation and on premises configuration in windows server
Gateway connection creations for databases (Teradata, Hana, SQL, Oracle, Analysis services, etc)
Power BI workspace and Dashboard Publish assistance to User end.
Personal Gateway set up guidance for USAC region users.
Connection error fixing while Dashboard refresh on Power BI gateway.
Fixing Schedule refresh failure
Power Automate and Power Apps
Created Web page, Developed forms and workflows using Power Apps to automate business processes and streamline data entry and approval processes for Environment, Health and Safe Department.
Integrated Power Apps with various data sources, such as SharePoint, SQL databases, and Microsoft 365 services, to create dynamic and data-driven applications.
Created canvas apps from scratch, leveraging Power Apps' extensive library of controls, formulas, and connectors to build functional and responsive applications.
Designed and configured model-driven apps using the Power Apps framework, enabling users to work with data and entities in a structured and organized manner.
Integrated Power Apps with Power Automate (formerly Microsoft Flow) to automate tasks and trigger actions based on specific conditions or events within the application.
Developed Canvas app for SIBG process
Set up the Model driven app using Jquery in TEBG process
Embedded the Power Apps in sharepoint for security express automation
Gateway set up assistance for users in Power Apps and Power Automate.
Set up the schedule flow in power automate for SIBG process
Created instant flow for HCBG process in Power automate
DOMO - POC
Replicated the Executive Dashboard based on Power BI into Domo using Cards and specifically using gauges.
Analyzed the Data loading time in Domo and compared with Power BI.
Explored the lots of functionalities in Domo.
SQL server Administrator: APAC region SQL server configuration and DB import to the server that has hosted with US Data center. Handled DB creation, existing DB allocation activity.
Qlikview environment:
Creation of QV Task.
Modifying the existing Tasks (Changes in security, reducing methods, etc.)
Migration of the applications (From Development to Test to Production),
Manual Execution of Jobs (Addressing ad-hoc requests, rerunning failed ones),
Monitoring and Recycling of Hung QV Services.
Creating Server Data Source Names for QV applications
Setting up of QV 11 environment, migration of applications, publishing tasks and licensing.
Creating External Schedules from Windows Task Scheduler in Qlikview.
Migration of 1000+ applications and their bookmarks from QV 11 version to QV 12 Version.
Qlikview automation using Macro: Qlikview apps automated to extract the data, which is being used as Data source in Power BI
Contact this candidate