DEEPALI NAIK
Naperville, IL ad60im@r.postjobfree.com +1-630-***-****
Data Engineer with interest in delivering high value data analytics projects and collaborating with teams. A physician by education and experience, trained in India. Pursuing an opportunity to apply my varied skills and experience towards successfully delivery of business intelligence projects. Experience
2018 - 2022 Short term residence property rental business, Partner Naperville, IL
Managed a profitable short term residential rental business for 3 years with 5 locations across 6 booking websites such as Airbnb, Expedia and Vrbo.
Achieved 5-star satisfaction rating for 98% of the bookings.
Supervised with offshore team for business advertising, accounting, and day to day tasks around booking interactions with customers.
Coordinated with multiple teams to keep the sites up to date and execute the business operations effectively.
2018 - 2019 Loretto Hospital, Clinical Research Associate Chicago, IL
I Conducted interviews and screened patients for drug trial recruitment and enrollment. Performed patient enrollment process and documented information for Director’s review.
Conducted medical procedures such as phlebotomy, EKGs and logged Vitals.
Prepared extensive documentation for sponsoring new studies preparation, site selections, case report forms, study protocols, vendor manuals, etc.
Ensured regulatory and compliance documents met the latest required medical standards as per the eCRF, ALCOA, and ICH/GCP guidelines.
Resolved queries and issues related to study subjects and assured quality of all site documents met the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).
2014 - 2017 Vending Machine Business, Partner Naperville, IL
Operated a profitable business for 10 Vending machines located at 10 sites with a product range of 50 products.
Supervised day to day operations, worked with suppliers for replenishments and analyzed the products and categories for profitability and operational efficiency. 2007 - 2009 Ultratech Cement Manufacturer, Resident Medical Officer Andhra Pradesh, India
Performed annual physicals for 250+ employees and their families along with a team of 5 doctors.
Treated work site related injuries and ailments such as diabetes, strokes, hypertension for all employees.
Conducted workshops to increase awareness of cement factory health hazards and taking preventive actions for self-care.
2006 - 2007 Yerala Medical Trust, Chief Medical Officer Mumbai, India
Handled patients with severe distress syndrome and chronic asthmas.
Performed resuscitations and provided ventilator support for critical patients.
Executed complex medical procedures such as intubations, Tracheostomy, Central Venous Catheterizations, pleural tapping, Abdominal tapping in Ascites patients. 2005- 2006 Paramount Hospital, Consulting Medical Officer Mumbai, India
Managed patients with situations such as cardiac arrest, hyperkalemia, acute respiratory failure, post- partum hemorrhage, poisoning, etc.
Worked closely with Chief Medical Officer to handle patients with severe needs and organizing the team of doctors for assigning different responsibilities as per their specialties. 2004 - 2005 Mumbai Medical School, Chief Medical Officer Mumbai, India
Conducted workshops and practical for a medical cohort of 200 students.
Reviewed research papers and submissions.
Defined curriculum and schedule for the class batches for the year.
Taught Embryology, Histology, Human Anatomy Dissection, Immune and Dissection systems and the study of nerves, arteries, veins and Lymphatics. Education Skin Analyzing Magnification Certification, 2009 Chicago, IL Good Clinical Practice Certified with Collaborative Institutional Training Initiative Central Labor Institute, Masters & Fellowship in Industrial Health & Hygiene Mumbai, India Diploma & Fellowship in Emergency Medicine, Mumbai Hospital Mumbai University, Bachelor of Medicine & Surgery, 2017 Skills Analytics: Data Warehousing, Snowflake, Matillion, SQL
Contact this candidate