SATYA SUDHAKAR VEMULURI
Software Engineer
Work Experience
Language
Developed End - End ETL pipeline for migrating data from various data sources including on permises SQL server, Azure Storage accounts to destinations using Azure ETL Service- Azure Data Factory. 1.
Automated ADF pipeline according to the business requirements by using triggers in order to make the flow work as a dynamic. 2.
Worked on ADF components like Getmeta data, filter conditions, Data flows, Stored procedure, for each activity.
3.
Dealing with Azure data storage like Azure Blob storage, Azure Data lake storage Gen 2 and connecting the storage accounts to ADF for various data transformations.
4.
5. Implementing Schedule triggers and event triggers. Created SSIS integration runtime and sceduled to execute on-permises SISS packages using ADF.
6.
Involved in various Network operational tasks, has knowledge on configuring the SSL connection between the aggregators and client. 1.
Interacting with the stackholders and delivering the service in a automated way as per the requirements.
2.
Involved in routing the SMS traffic of Google to the aggregators and also onboarded the partners.
3.
Dec 2020- Nov 2021
With 3.5 years of experience in the IT industry, I have been involved in various technologies. And for the past 1.5 years I have focused on Azure Data Engineering, working on ADF, ADB, Azure Storage accounts, Azure AQL and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
Tech Mahindra, Hyderabad
Kunameneni Technologies, Bangalore
ad63p1@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn- Sudhakar Vemuluri
+91-888*******
Balanagar, Hyderabad,
Telangana.
Contact
Education
Skills
B.Tech- EEE
10+2
Aditya Engineering College
Aditya Junior College.
Rajahmundry, Andhra Pradesh.
Rajahmundry, Andhra Pradesh
2015-2019 67%
2013-2015 92%
Telugu English Hindi
Organized
Communication
Critical thinking
Teamwork
Meeting deadlines
as a Azure Data Engineer,
as a Network Operations Engineer, Dec 2021-Dec 2022 Dec 2022-till date
Dec 2021-Present
improved the bug tracking process by implementing JIRA, leading to a 40% decrease in unresolved bugs.
1.
Assisted senior analysts in researching and resolving customer issues, leading to decrease in support tickets by 10%.
2.
as a software Quality Engineer
Awards & Appreciations
Technical Skills
Awarded with PAT ON BACK awarded twice from my recent organization Tech Mahindra for my passion and handling the issues in a proper way to resolve.
1.
Got Appreciated from the customer for dedicated efforts, attitude and for demonstrating.
2.
Azure Data Factory
Azure Synapse Analytics
Azure Blob Storage
Azure Data lake storage Gen 2
Azure Data Factory
SQL
Python
DevOps work culture
Data Analytics
Troubleshooting
DBMS
Certifications
DP-900
AZ-900
AWS-CF02
Contact this candidate