Swapnil Gosawi
ad63j3@r.postjobfree.com 425-***-**** WA, Bellevue LinkedIn
Visa Status: H1B (Valid until Feb 2025), i140 Approved Open to Work: Across the US
Data Engineer
Highly skilled Data Engineer with 13+ years of experience in developing, implementation and optimization of data pipelines and ETL processes. Led a team of 5+ developers to implement data-driven solutions, resulting in a 50% increase in data accessibility and 30% increase in data accuracy. Collaborated with product managers, engineers, and marketers to develop data pipelines, resulting in a 40% increase in data availability.

SKILLS

Technical Skills: Data Warehousing, Data Management, T-SQL, SSIS, C#, Python, PowerShell, Big Data Analysis, ETL Processes, Spark, PowerShell, Advanced SQL Querying & Data, Postgres
Platforms: AWS (S3, Redshift, Athena, Glue), Azure (Azure Data Lake Storage, Azure Data Factory, Azure SQL DW, Azure Synapse, Azure Databricks, Spark), Experience working with relational and dimensional data models.
Soft Skills: Problem-Solving, Decision Making, Multitasking, Active Listening, Team Leadership, Flexibility, Self-starter, team-player, Proficient in best practices around visualization and storytelling with data.

Accomplishments
Owned and managed service execution and reporting.
Supervised a team of 10 staff members.
Developed an Automated KPI Aggregator for reporting efficiency.
Designed a unified data model for Microsoft's Xbox and Modern Life Marketing Team.
Built data pipelines using Azure Cosmos DB and Microsoft’s big data platform (COSMOS).
Automated mobile marketing history pipeline at reduced costs.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Business Intelligence Engineer
Amazon
May 2022 - current Seattle, WA
Owned BI functions for AWS Snow, AWS Data Sync, and AWS Transfer services.
Architected and implemented Amazon's Redshift data warehousing solution leading to a 30% increase in data retrieval efficiency for business analytics purposes.
Led a cross-functional team in the design of a data lake, integrating S3 with Athena, which streamlined the ad-hoc query process, resulting in a 25% reduction in time spent on data analysis.
Designed ETL pipelines leveraging Internal tools which automated the preprocessing of over 1TB of new data daily, enhancing the reliability of downstream data consumption.
Developed advanced SQL scripts for complex dataset transformations which optimized report generation, cutting down on execution time by 40%.
Developed automated reports for product managers and leadership, reducing manual effort by 3 hours per report.
Created self-serve Quicksight dashboards for tracking business health and end-of-life services.
Implemented anomaly detection alarms in ETL processes to identify data discrepancies.
Led the platform migration program for 50+ reports with 120+ queries to a new tool, ensuring seamless transition without production impact.
Migrated 50+ Redshift queries to Athena, enabling data flow from the data lake.
Utilized Spark for ad-hoc data analysis.
Developed and maintained documentation for various operational and design aspects of models and pipelines. Assisted in troubleshooting issues and resolving them.
Supported product managers, engineers, and stakeholders (both technical and non-technical) in translating business needs into data-driven solutions.

Data Engineer/Datawarehouse specialist
Tata Consultancy Services
Sep 2013 - April 2022 Bellevue, WA
Designed and implemented ETL processes and data architecture for analytics and reporting. (SSIS and SSAS). And created data marts with Advanced SQL skills with SQL Management Studio, Azure database and Datawarehouse.
Collaborated with stakeholders to develop and optimize data warehouse architecture. Worked as Lead to manage requirements gathering and client interactions.
Served as a technical consultant to implement Analytics and ETL solutions.
Optimized data structures, data processing, and data quality, to support predictive and machine learning models for Microsoft product analytics team
Developed Unified data model for Microsoft Windows and XBOX with 5TB of daily data processing.
Assisted users in database access, troubleshooting, and resolving system-based issues.
Applied Azure knowledge for digital marketing automation and data transformation.
Created solutions using Azure Data Lake Storage, Azure Data Factory, Azure SQL and Azure Synapse for End-to-End Automation
Built cost-effective data marts and automated marketing response data processing. Used Knowledge of database design techniques to build unified data models.
Led the migration of ETL from COSMOS internal Microsoft BIG data platform to Azure data factory
Created Azure data factory pipelines and PowerShell automation, significantly reducing data processing costs.
Used Power-BI for developing the dashboard for Xbox Marketing team to track the progress of campaigns. Along with User Subscriptions, Purchase and Activity tracking.
Used Azure Data Bricks for data sciences team to process and analyze the data from Azure Data Lake Gen 2
Designed, developed, and maintained Power BI dashboards and reports.
Proficient in best practices around visualization and storytelling with data.
Programmer Analyst
Cognizant Technology Solutions
Feb 2011 - Aug 2013 Pune, Ind
Developed data marts for BFS domain clients.
Created SQL scripts and procedures for data extraction.
Developed dashboards for financial reporting and backend systems.
Implemented SSIS for data transformation and loading.
Performed testing and updated documentation to reflect project changes.
Identified and resolved application issues, ensuring software quality and functionality.

EDUCATION
B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunications Nagpur University May 2006 - June 2010 India, MH.
Contact this candidate