Neelima Kanaparthi
Cloud Data Engineer

RELEVANT WORK EXPERIENCE
Eitacies Inc, California, USA
Cloud Data Engineer 02/2023 – Present
●Leveraged Azure Data Factory to seamlessly integrate on-premises databases and cloud-based storage by applying advanced transformations using Databricks and loading data into Snowflake.
●Build data pipelines in ADF using Linked Services, and Datasets to efficiently extract, transform, and load data from various sources.
●Managed the seamless import and export of databases using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and Data Transformation.
●Designed and implemented end-to-end IoT solutions on the Azure platform including Azure IoT Hub, Azure IoT Edge, Azure Time Series Insights, and Azure Stream Analytics, to enable seamless device-to-cloud and cloud-to-edge communication, encompassing Device Connectivity, Data Processing, storage, and insights generation.
●Created analytical dashboards using Power BI and Tableau.
Software Analyst (Internship) 09/2022 – 12/2022
●Designed and maintained data systems and databases, this includes fixing coding errors and other data-related problems.
●Utilized MongoDB for storing the data received from the trained ML modules.
●Worked on Data Mining, DB Maintenance, Data Preparation, Quality Assurance, calibrating with other teams, report generation and preparation, troubleshooting and maintaining confidentiality of data.
●Prepared final Analysis Reports for the stakeholders to understand the Data Analysis steps, enabling them to make important decisions based on various facts and trends.
GloSolve Data Services Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad, India
Azure Data Engineer 01/2021 – 01/2022
●Worked on migrating SQL database to Azure Data Lake, Azure SQL Database, DataBricks, and Azure SQL Data Warehouse.
●Leveraged No SQL and Azure Blob Storage to efficiently store and manage large volumes of IoT Data with high availability and scalability.
●Orchestrated data integration pipelines in ADF using various activities like Get Metadata, Lookup, For Each, Wait, Set Variable, Filter, until, etc.
●Deployed and optimized Python data applications using Azure DevOps CI/CD pipelines, prioritizing efficient development and deployment.
NADSOL, Hyderabad
Data Engineer 08/2017 – 12/2020
●Enhanced Spark performance through data processing algorithms, leveraging techniques like partitioning, caching, and broadcast variables.
●Integrated data from diverse sources, including relational databases, cloud storage, streaming platforms, and APIs, ensuring seamless data ingestion, transformation, and analysis for data engineering workflows.
●Leveraged Spark's RDDs and Data Frames APIs in Python to process and analyze large datasets efficiently.

PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE
Data Analyst, Abacus Infrastructures, Hyderabad, India 01/2017 – 07/2017
Civil Engineer, Abacus Infrastructures, Hyderabad, India 06/2016 – 12/2016
Civil Engineer (Internship), Vizag Steel Plant, Visakhapatnam, India 01/2016 – 04/2016
Contact this candidate