Muhammad Khursheed Khan
***** ***** ****, ***** *******, Maryland 20878-3716, USA
ad673k@r.postjobfree.com 202-***-**** www.linkedin.com/in/mkkhan26

EDUCATION:
University of Maryland University College, Adelphi, MD, U. S. A.
Degree: M. S.
Major: Telecommunications Management.
Completed in: May, 1993

Institute of Business Administration, University of Karachi, Karachi, Pakistan
Degree: M. B. A.
Major: Marketing.
Completed in: May, 1986

NED University of Engineering & Technology, Karachi, Pakistan
Degree: B. S.
Major: Mechanical Engineering.
Completed in: May, 1982

WORK EXPERIENCE:

Walmart
Germantown, MD
Dates Employed: 04/11/2022-Present

Project Manager - Data Center Infrastructure Engineer Team

Responsible for managing data center capacity, operations, power monitoring components, operating budget, change process, customer relations, documentation, and reporting. Also, accountable to ensure that critical electrical and mechanical systems infrastructure is properly and consistently maintained. Interpreted and inspected engineering schematics for the data center's electrical, mechanical, HVAC, and power systems.
Provide reliability engineering in support of enterprise data center infrastructure elements. Direct operations management,
and engineering services teams providing an overall mission of maintaining data center support infrastructure in a reliable
and economic level of operation on a 24x365 basis. Troubleshooting technical issues related to data center infrastructure, including servers, storage systems, network switches, and backup systems.
Manage and coordinate migration of equipment between data centers and stores.
Designed, coordinated, and managed the construction of larger Communications Room, where needed. Coordinated and managed migration of equipment into newer space.
Designed and managed installation of Intermediate Distribution Frames, with bigger switches, at strategic locations all over the store to support additional equipment like Desktop PC's, Wireless Access Points, printers, and plotters.
Defined and implemented physical security procedures for the stores and immediate surroundings. Monitored the entire site to make sure all OSHA safety procedures are followed.
Ensure that the interior environment of stores and ancillary facilities meets the ASHRAE standards.
Owned and had accountability for Realty execution projects by ensuring scope of work is completed, organizing project timelines and deliverables, facilitating meetings involving stakeholder teams to analyze, plan, and implement project initiatives, taking corrective action as necessary to drive project results, communicating project plans and deliverables to key stakeholders, directing associates and vendors on processes and procedures and the review of new modular plans, planning merchandise placement based on modular requirements, advising on the assignment of additional staff to assist in ensuring company and facility goals are met, and ensuring merchandise is in-stock and displayed in a timely, accurate, and safe manner, equipment and fixtures are correctly installed, and operational, merchandising, and personnel guidelines are implemented.
Led the implementation of project plans by identifying plan requirements, collaborating and communicating with other stakeholders about project obstacles, timelines, and alignment with corporate strategies, directing associates in the execution of project plans, ensuring all project requirements are met, collaborating with facility management to establish phasing plans that minimize the impact to operations, maintaining, communicating, and adjusting timelines and working with contractors to ensure project milestone are met, verifying fixture procurement and deliveries from the Regional Real Estate Warehouse (RREW) are synchronized with project schedules, collaborating with cross-functional teams (for example, engineers, architects, design managers) to provide feedback and identify and implement design changes, and monitoring and ensuring the resolution of outstanding construction issues and work to be corrected or completed (for example, observations, warranty issues).
Monitored sales and project budgets, assessing the economic and customer experience impacts of project decisions, evaluating tradeoffs, creating a sustainable, efficient, and cost-effective schedule for the execution of project deliverables, coordinating with internal and external teams to ensure plan schedules and adjustments to schedules are communicated and impacts are clearly explained, and managing vendor relationships to ensure the timely, cost-effective sourcing, delivery, and installation of materials for projects.
Demonstrated and applied up-to-date expertise to the development, execution, and improvement of action plans by providing expert advice and guidance to others in the application of information and best practices, supporting and aligning efforts to meet customer and business needs, and building commitment for perspectives and rationales. Used software applications like ServiceNow, Remedy, and Microsoft Teams to manage and monitor work flow, change management, and assign tasks.
Directed associates, including third-party supervisors, on process and procedures for project execution (for example, reviewing phasing plans, planning merchandise placement based on modular requirements, advising on resources needed to assist to ensure project and facility goals are met).
Identified and ensured associate, customer, and supplier concerns are resolved.
Coordinated, completed, and oversaw job-related activities and assignments by developing and maintaining relationships with key stakeholders, supporting plans and initiatives to meet customer and business needs, identifying and communicating goals and objectives, building accountability for and measuring progress in achieving results, identifying and addressing improvement opportunities, and demonstrating adaptability and promoting continuous learning.
Provided supervision and development opportunities for associates by hiring and training, mentoring, assigning duties, providing recognition, and ensuring diversity awareness.
Ensured compliance with company policies and procedures and supports company mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity by implementing related action plans, utilizing and supporting the Open-Door Policy, and providing direction and guidance on applying these in executing business processes and practices.
Created and issued RFQ’s for supplies, equipment, software, and services. Created and issued RFP’s to selected organizations. Wrote and presented Single Source Purchase justification.

Focused Management Inc.,
Alexandria, Virginia
Dates Employed: 05/12/2021-09/30/2021

Project Manager/Resource Manager
Data Center Infrastructure Engineer at US Department of Agriculture
Experience in Data Center Infrastructure study, design review, operating and commissioning of electrical
distribution systems as per TIA 942 standards Tier1, Tier2 and Tier3 project conducted by different Authorities.
Understanding of mechanical,electrical and fire life safety systems used in a data center environment including, but not limited to the following electrical distribution and layout. Transformers, Generators, Switchgear, UPS systems. Proficiency in designing and operating data centre critical facility infrastructure. This covers UPS, cooling, airflow, cable management, and backup power.
Coordinate and manage consolidation of various data centers by migrating to bigger locations.
In addition to Data Center responsibilities my day-to-day job includes the following:
Tracked, managed and executed deployments for assigned programs that may be regional or national, on broad-based projects and initiatives for IT products, services, and systems in accordance with customer requirements and established USDA processes.
Actively led, managed, and deployed these components, reported per government policy or requirements, organizationally or otherwise mandated. Managed the migration of some (public facing) applications to Government Cloud.
Provide activity, progress and completion deliverables as identified during all phases of the deployment to the appropriate Federal staff in accordance with established USDA project processes.
Performed and reported on the following formal deliverables:
Work break down structures (WBS), project plans/schedules, deployment plans, transition/migration strategies/plans, activity reports, build documents, functional testing strategies, and metrics to ensure on-time delivery of solutions in accordance with IOD processes.
Populated project management software, such as MS Project, for deployments supported within IOD accurately and completely.
Enterprise areas that impact the scope, budget, risk, and resources of the work effort managed by Project Management Life Cycle (PMLC).
Regularly reviewed all production processes to assure optimal use of resources.
Follow all identified project management processes and timelines for creating, accurately, updating, and disseminating:
Project plans
Schedules
Reports
Potential Project Risks
Contingency plans
Established and identified resource assignments to projects within 72 hours of project approval.

Accenture Federal Services,
Arlington, Virginia
Dates Employed: 02/21/2018-02/24/2021

Delivery Manager/Planning and Resourcing
(Data Center Infrastructure Engineer for Census 2020, US Department of Commerce)
In addition to Data Center responsibilities my day-to-day job includes the following:
Supported the deployment of Information Technology hardware to support about 20K users in 6 Regional Centers and more than 250 Area Centers (spread over 50 states and 6 territories) for Census 2020, US Census Bureau, Department of Commerce.
Deep technical knowledge of Telecommunications Order Management, Provisioning, Service Assurance, Service Delivery, and Billing Processes.
Designed and implemented business processes for the office IT environment and for the Data Center of the Census 2020 Program. Regularly reviewed and modified these processes to keep them up to date with technology.
Defined, monitored, and reported on program and project goals, milestones, etc.
Modified and updated the local end of the network located in the US Census Bureau Data Center. Upon completion of the project coordinated and managed the decommissioning and removal of equipment no longer needed from the Data Center.
Design review and material approval of Electrical Systems from HV, LV. and Selection of Equipment, such as switchgear, Control panels, Cabling, Lighting, Battery Chargers and Distribution Boards, HVAC Systems, Fire alarm in order to the co-ordination of Data Center infrastructure developments as well as mechanical and electrical equipment’s arrangement.
Manage IT required deliverables with service delivery partners and across the IT organizational landscape
Worked with General Services Administration personnel on selecting, upgrading and modifying commercial real estate to meet Department of Commerce specifications and requirements. Coordinated with various civil and MEP contractors for smooth operations of the program ensuring all and any changes and modifications to construction plans are incorporated.
Managed the implementation of a little more than 250 projects (about 20 to 50 sites at a time) spread nationally and internationally Experience with IT software development, delivery, deployment and quality control tests.
Planned, directed, and managed the logistics of purchasing, storage, and onward distribution and deployment of various equipments and supplies nationally and internationally.
Managed and supported, remotely, the installation teams and various specialist teams for deployment and configuration of equipment like printers, plotters, multi-function printers, audio-video equipment and UPS’s.
Deployed, upgraded, configured, and maintained replicas, of the Regional Centers and Area Centers, in the Field Engineering lab.
Compiled and wrote SOW’s and SLA’s before purchasing new services.
Tested new hardware and software solutions in the Field Engineering Lab for deployment in the field. Wrote reports of findings and made presentations to stake holders.
Managed the migration of some (public facing) applications to Government Cloud.
Defined and implemented Physical Security measures and procedures for the safety and security of the Census offices all over the World. Conducted Audits and inspections to make sure Physical safety and security measures are appropriately adhered to.
Coordinates project delivery across all impacted groups/apps and 3rd Party Vendors
Fostered innovative approaches and processes for configuring, updating, and maintaining multi function printers, plotters and UPS’s. Helped improve SLA's and improved high availability of equipment
Trained and mentored new hires to help with tier 2 and 3 support during the operations period for the 20K users. Tracked and reported performance of personnel and team with respect to SLA’s and SOW to management and client.
Developed and maintained business relationships with key stakeholders (this included Project Managers and IT Personnel from the client 10 other sub-contractors) to understand and evolve the services to meet the changing business needs.
Managed day-to-day operational activities, resource planning, consulting services, support for incident management, time and resource management and request fulfillment.
Used software applications like ServiceNow, Remedy, and Microsoft Teams to manage and monitor work flow, change management, and assign tasks.
Provided tier 3 and sometimes tier 2 supports for trouble shooting equipment like printers, plotters, multi-function printers and UPS’s during the operations period for all 262 plus sites spread internationally and over numerous time zones.
Interviewed, hired, trained, and managed staff for the local team and remote offices. Tracked and reported the job performance of staff. Authored and distributed Knowledge Based Articles (KBA)’s to augment training for staff in offices all over the country and protectorates.
Ensured that all documents, communications, training materials, manuals, user guides, systems specifications, product manuals etc. are maintained in a secured environment and are easily available on demand only to authorized persons.
Negotiated, procured, and managed inventory of the following:
Architectural, construction, and maintenance (Civil, Electrical, Mechanical, and Security) services. Ensured that ASHRAE requirements are met for the interior environment of the office spaces.
Knowledge of Data Center Systems: primary & secondary feeders, transformers, generators, switchgear, UPS, ATS, PDU, chillers, pumps, AHUs, CRAHs, CRACs, cooling tower, water treatment, etc
Manage the migration of IT equipment to Census offices internationally. Manage and coordinate the migration of Census 2020 specific IT equipment to the US Census Bauru main data center.
Office equipment like PC’s, Laptops, Routers, Printers, etc.
Printers accessories
Created and issued RFQ’s for the above mentioned supplies, equipment, software, and services. Created and issued RFP’s to selected organizations. Wrote and presented Single Source Purchase justification as and when needed.

Pace Computer Solutions Inc.,
Columbia, Maryland
Dates Employed: 06/05/2017-12/24/2017

Telecommunications Survey Lead/ Capacity Management and Planning

(US Department of Energy site through Accenture Federal Services, Virginia)
The campus of this US Government facility was established in the 1960’s over an area of approximately 1.5 to 2.0 square miles comprises of various buildings and a data center. The objective of this project was to provide complete data about the condition of the as-is telecommunications infrastructure and establish requirements and strategies for the location of the new data center and for establishing connectivity to all campus buildings and the rest of the World.
Surveyed the data center, the manholes and various conduits around the data center, and prepared and provided a high-level report for construction of and migration to the new data center.
Collected institutional knowledge, about the data center and the outside cable plant(s) from various personnel, through face to face interviews and written questionnaire.
Collected and organized documentation from disparate sources.
Documented client’s requirements for the new data center building.
Surveyed site and made recommendations for the location of the new data center building.
Updated all client (US Department of Energy) provided drawings and documents to reflect the recommendations made by the team.
Client survey by doing capacity implementation and by resourcing the same through ideas.
Presented the findings and recommendations to all the stakeholders at client site.
Compiled all the data and completed all the work and submitted all deliverables to the client, about 2 weeks ahead of time.

Avocent Corp. (Vertiv Inc.),
Huntsville, Alabama
Dates Employed: 01/21/2014-01/25/2017

Principal Consultant

Optimized clients’ data center resources using global best practices in data center power management, data center design, business processes and specifically Emerson Network Power products and services all the time making sure everything is within the agreed SOW and SLA’s.
Worked closely, as a trusted advisor, with client personnel especially at the Director level and above, especially to the data center operations director, the data center infrastructure director, Project Manager, and any corporate officer involved in planning or operation of data center infrastructure.
Worked with Senior members, Project Mangers and Sales personnel in compiling and writing SOW and SLA’s.
Tracked the performance of Project Managers/Engineers, Consultants, IT team and individuals with respect to SOW and SLA’s and reported the findings to management.
Used software applications like ServiceNow, Remedy, and Slack to manage and monitor work flow, change management, and assign tasks.
Created virtual machines in the clients’ environment, using client provided technology like VMWare or Hyper V, etc., and installed the appropriate basic operating system (like RHEL for Linux and Windows 2008 to 2012 for Windows).
Installed, configured, and upgraded DCIM in clients’ environments (both Windows and Linux on Virtual or Physical machines).
Assigned appropriate rights to various personnel, groups, etc. using Active Directory, LDAP, etc.
Maintained and supported SQL database on the back-end servers of the DCIM.
Provided first and second level support for the company’s products both software and hardware.
Reported to the Director of Professional Services and worked closely with Sales, Business Development, Product Management, and Partners to ensure that the clients’ requirements are being communicated back to Product Management for inclusion into the Product Roadmap, and that the client is delivered the most appropriate products and services to meet their needs.
Advised clients on design and build of white spaces in their respective data centers.
Created an accurate and up to date data store of all data center asset inventory, including power, data, and voice connections. Worked with client to institute industry best practices in the data center operations.
Assembled the data collected from the data collection process, reviewed it for completeness and format for input into the DCIM system.
Conducted workshops for clients to determine, document, and report requirements for specific hardware and/or software products. Calculated the ROI for the DCIM being recommended to the client and made presentation of the same. Planned and managed Software Quality Assurance test as per Company policy and in line with clients’ requirements.

Capital CPA Professionals LLP,
Gaithersburg, Maryland
Dates Employed: 12/05/2012-01/17/2014

Consultant

Procured, maintained, and supported desktop PC’s and laptop loading with the company approved image (Windows7 and 10).
Explored Corporate Real Estate for office sites for the new branches in various states. Facilitated selection of office sites. Oversaw the setup of offices and deployment of LAN and Office Technology equipment.
Managed and worked with Project Managers, remotely, on the setup of offices in other states. Tracked and reported performances against SOW and SLA’s.
Selected and procured all furniture for offices including fixtures for a call center in the Maryland office.
Hired, trained, and managed staff for the offices and the call center. Tracked and reported the job performance of staff.
Managed day-to-day operations of the Maryland office and call center.
Negotiated, procured, and managed inventory of the following:
Architectural, construction, and maintenance (Civil, Electrical, Mechanical, and Security) services.
Office equipment like PC’s, Laptops, Routers, Printers, etc.
Printers accessories

Manpower Group (Experis),
Gaithersburg, Maryland
Dates Employed: 09/01/2010-10/31/2012

Data Center Infrastructure Manager at T Rowe Price
Collected requirements, from management and other stake holders, for the DCIM software system.
Studied, tested and evaluated various DCIM’s available in the market against the requirements. Planned, managed, and conducted the Quality Control tests on selected software.
Recommended one system Raritan’s DCTrack (now owned by Sunbird) for implementation and worked toward implementation of the software system.
Managed and operated the clients’ record management system (RMS) software (OpenKM).
Worked with the Data Center design Manager in selection of commercial real estate for setting up new offices nationally and internationally.
Worked with outside A & E firm, HVAC Firm, Electrical Engineers, and Civil Engineers to design and build Data Centers nationally and abroad.
Designed the white spaces in the data centers.
Coordinated with various civil and MEP contractors during the construction phase ensuring all and any changes and modifications to construction plans are incorporated.
Provided technical advice on the architectural layout of offices, data centers, communications room, etc. to the Data Center Design Manager and the A & E firm selected for the job.
Managed and coordinated the logistics of the migration of a Disaster Recovery Data Center from one site to another about 75 miles away. All systems were back online, at the new site, well within the allowable 24 hours. This migration included moving servers of various types and sizes, Storage Area Network equipment (like EMC cabinets, Centera, Clarion and Symmetrix units, Brocade SAN switches etc.) and IBM Mainframe.
Managed and supported a number of IT sub-contracting Firms and teams by routine and as needed meetings, time and expenses tracking, resource tracking and management
Maintained and supported the desktop environment for the disaster recovery site. Administered the Windows server onsite. Integrated Audio-Video services with existing teleconference systems.
Conducted a complete audit of the data center environment including interdependencies between applications, servers, and storage components.
Used software applications like ServiceNow and Remedy to manage and monitor work flow, change management, and assign tasks.
Evaluated and recorded:
Business impact of downtime.
Application downtime thresholds and risk tolerance.
Defined and implemented the migration strategy.
Designed and implemented modification to original equipment manufacturer (OEM) equipment to make installation of the equipment in racks easier.
Monitored the data center infrastructure using technologies like APC Struxure and Avocent ACS/DSView.
Conducted in-house studies, and wrote reports, on air conditioning systems and air conditioning system efficiency improvements by using different types of cooling systems, perforated floor tiles, baffles and blanking panels.
The HVAC system employed the use of large DX cooling, and CRAC units.
Staged equipment (like servers Dell, Cisco UCS, Routers, Firewalls, Intrusion protection Appliances, etc.)1 designated for installation in overseas sites and managed the logistics till receipt at destination site.
Worked closely with Architecture and Engineering (A&E) firms for designing of data centers and all its facilities. Evaluated new products and services negotiated prices, compiled SOW, and reported findings to upper management.
Studied, tested and evaluated new IT products and technologies (including voice, data, networking, imaging, Data Center Management software, labeling and printing software, etc.) to keep abreast with changing technologies and to be able to make proper recommendations at the right time.
Hired, trained, and managed staff for the data centers and remote offices. Tracked and reported the job performance of staff.
Managed and supported an indigenously grown SQL based DCIM until it was replaced.
Created, modified and updated documents (drawings, procedures, manuals, etc.) pertaining to the telecommunications infrastructure. Managed day-to-day operations of the data center including manpower.
Planned and managed the logistics of materials and equipment purchases and downstream deployment in various offices nationally and internationally.

Bureau of Resource Management,
US Department of State,
Washington, DC
Dates Employed: 07/01/2010-08/31/2010

Senior Telecommunications Advisor to Agency Director (Franklin Fellows Program)
Advised the Agency Director and Senior Management on matters pertaining to:
Acquiring ISO certification for all Data Centers (total 11 at the time).
Consolidate 11 Data Centers into three Data Centers.
Move Data Centers.

Ciber Inc.,
McLean, Virginia
Dates Employed: 03/01/2004-01/25/2010

Data Center Infrastructure & Facility Manager at The World Bank
Worked with the Data Center Manager and General Services team in selecting appropriate commercial real estate for setting up Business Continuity Center (BCC).
Worked with outside A & E firm, HVAC Firm, Electrical Engineers, Civil Engineers and World Bank teams to design and build Data Centers, trading floor and other facilities for the BCC.
Designed the white spaces in the data center for co-location partners, three major international development finance institutions and their joint credit union.
Managed the construction and upgrade of the facility, Worked with the Data Center design Manager in selection of commercial real estate for setting up new offices nationally and internationally. Coordinated with various civil and MEP contractors during the construction phase ensuring all and any changes and modifications to construction plans are incorporated.
Worked as Project Manager for the transition of the BCC to the primary data center. Managed the upgrade of the entire infrastructure of the data center to make it the primary data center.
Managed and coordinated the logistics of migration of about 85% of ‘Production’ equipment from the downtown Washington DC data center to the new Primary data center without losing a single piece of equipment or application. This migration included moving Storage Area Network equipment (e.g. EMC cabinets, Clarions and Symmetrix units, Brocade SAN switches, etc.) and SAP equipment (like IBM cabinets with AIX servers etc).
Defined and implemented Physical Security measures and procedures for the safety and security of the Census offices all over the World. Conducted Audits and inspections to ensure compliance with the Security procedures make sure Physical safety and security measures.
Coordinated with other teams to ensure an end-end coordinated delivery of any critical water and/or wastewater improvements needed for data center development. Ensured the internal building environment meets ASHRAE standards using EMS and OpenStudio Software (from early 2009).
Managed the installation of waste water processing equipment and subsequent operation.
Extensive experience with Physical Level, of the OSI model, work on all this equipment. Provided 24x7x51 operations and management support for the various data centers (03 big size and 4 smaller ones).
Designed and implemented modification to original equipment manufacturer (OEM) equipment to make installation of the equipment in racks easier.
Managed data center personnel, making sure all jobs are completed in time, and that all Service Level Agreements (SLA’s) & standards, for installation and identification of equipment, are followed.
Tracked and reported performance of IT Personnel, Facilities personnel, and general services crew against applicable SOW and SLA’s. Prepared reports and made presentations to management on compliance with performance indicators and other SLA’s.
Conducted in-house studies, and wrote reports, on air conditioning systems, air conditioning system efficiency improvements and ancillary equipment like Keyboard-Video-Mouse (KVM) switches, Power Distribution Units (PDU’s) and system monitoring devices (like NetBotz Cameras, Dranetz, Fluke, etc.).
Worked closely with outside vendors like Architecture and Engineering (A&E) firms, building maintenance and management companies, IT Systems manufacturers and suppliers (like EMC, IBM, Cisco, Juniper, Dell, HP etc) and mechanical and electrical vendors to upgrade the facility without interrupting operations of the existing Business Continuity Center (BCC). Evaluated new products and services negotiated prices and reported findings to upper management.
Managed records for the client through their record management system (RMS) software (InfoLinx) for 4 years.
Deployed, configured and managed audio-video and video conferencing systems.
Managed and
Contact this candidate