Sharath Kumar
Email: ad6c0o@r.postjobfree.com Phone: +1-636-***-****
Professional Summary
Over 5+ years of IT experience.
Experienced in SQL for efficient management and manipulation of relational databases.
Proficient in all phases of the software development life cycle (SDLC).
Strong analytical skills for data interpretation.
Experience Leading Data Ingestion team to implement ETL architecture (Serverless and Data pipelines) using Python, Pyspark, ETL, Azure Databricks.
Proficient in Python, leveraging its versatility and extensive libraries for data analysis, scripting, and backend development tasks.
Strong skills in visualization tools Power BI, Microsoft Excel - formulas, Pivot Tables, Charts and DAX Commands.
Design and implement streaming solutions using Kafka or Azure Stream Analytics
Skilled in HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, and AngularJS for creating visually appealing and responsive web applications.
Used GITHUB and was responsible to work for commit, resolve conflict and merge, fetching code.

Experience
Liberty Mutual – Data engineer April 2023 to Present
Experience in developing Spark applications using Spark-SQL in Databricks for data extraction, transformation, and aggregation from multiple file formats for Analyzing& transforming the data to uncover insights into the customer usage patterns.
Design Setup maintain Administrator the Azure SQL Database, Azure Analysis Service, Azure Data Factory.
Utilized Azure Databricks for data transformation and analysis, seamlessly integrating Kafka for both data ingestion and output.
Automated resulting scripts and workflow using Apache Airflow and shell scripting to ensure daily execution in production.
Design and implement end-to-end data solutions (storage, integration, processing, visualization) in Azure.
Worked on Data Preprocessing Algorithms to convert the data into Timeseries format without any missing data.
Delivered denormalized data for Power BI consumers for modeling and visualization from the produced layer in Data Lake.
Responsible for estimating the cluster size, monitoring, and troubleshooting of the spark data bricks cluster.

Amazon Web Services - SDE September 2022 to March 2023
Worked on AWS Elastic Block Storage (EBS), different volume types and use of various volumes based on requirement.
Automated the S3 bucket services using Shell Script and experienced in Aws platform and resources like Cloud formation, S3, EC2, CDK and EBS.
Written high quality, maintainable, and robust code, often in python.
Configure and maintain automated pipelines with custom and integrated methods.
Designed, developed, and tested a framework for gathering and displaying runtime execution metrics for web applications.

BP America – Data Engineer April 2021 to May 2022
Migrate SQL Server and Oracle database to Microsoft Azure Cloud.
Manage a centralized MS SQL Server 2014, SQL 2012 and 2008R2 Platform consisting of thousands of mission critical databases.
Migrate the Data using Azure database Migration Service (AMS).
Develop dashboards and visualizations to help business users analyze data as well as providing data insight to upper management with a focus on Microsoft products like SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and Tableau.
Developed Spark applications using Pyspark and Spark-SQL for data extraction, transformation, and aggregation from multiple file formats for analyzing & transforming the data to uncover insights into the customer usage patterns.
Collaborated on implementing and optimizing data pipelines, demonstrating proficiency in Python.
Azure automation through Runbooks Creation, Migration of existing .PS1 scripts, Authorizing, Configuring, Scheduling.

Capgen Soft pvt.ltd – Software engineer August2018 to Nov 2020
Analyze the business requirements and prepare the technical design.
Developed web applications in Python Django with client-specific customizations.
Used several Python libraries like Python, NumPy and matplotlib and was involved in environment, code installation as well as the integration to GIT.
Designed and developed the UI for the website with HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, and AngularJS.
Create, develop and fine-tuned SQL objects: Tables, stored procedures, views, and triggers.
Involved in development of Web Services using REST for sending and getting data from the external interface in the JSON format. Responsible for the project monitored on JIRA (Agile).
Used Jenkins to build and troubleshoot automated testing and for continuous integration and deployment.
Created RESTful API's calls with Django, parse output report of excel files.

Education
SOUTHEAST MISSOURI STATE UNIVERSITY- Master of Science (Computer Science)
Course work: Python Programming, Design Analysis of Algorithms, Artificial Intelligence, Software Engineering, Advance Android Programming, Computer Networks, Java.
KL University- Bachelor of Technology (Computer Science)
Course work: Theory of Computation, Database Management Systems, Web Technologies, .NET Technologies, UNIX Programming, Operating Systems.

Skills

Programming
Python, SQL, Shell Script, Scala
Web
HTML5, CSS, AngularJS, JavaScript
Cloud
Azure (Databricks, Azure Data Factory, Azure Synapse Analytics, Azure Blob Storage), AWS (S3, EBS, EC2)
Data Base
MySQL, Cassandra, MongoDB
Tools
Django, Spark, Kafka, Power BI

Certifications
“Python Programming” certification in KL University.
“Web Designing and Development” certification in Campusify Technologies
Certified Azure Data Engineer Associate.
Contact this candidate