SILPA MEKA
Azure Data Engineer/BI Lead

ad6hkh@r.postjobfree.com Phone:- 414-***-****

Objective:
Experienced Data Expert professional with over 13 years of experience in Data Engineering, Data Analysis and Business Intelligence Development, seeking opportunities to leverage expertise in Azure Data Services, Spark, Python, and various BI tools to drive innovative solutions and deliver actionable insights.

Professional Summary:
Demonstrated proficiency across diverse industries including Business Financial Systems, Manufacturing, Banking, Mortgage, Telecom, Retail, and Accounting.
Skilled in leading development and maintenance teams, ensuring efficient project execution and adherence to deadlines.
Experienced in drafting comprehensive functional and technical specifications to address complex business problems.
Proven expertise in utilizing Azure Data Services, SQL Server, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Tableau, Power BI, Qlik Sense and other BI tools to deliver actionable insights.
Publishing reports and dashboards to the Power BI Service (cloud-based platform) for sharing with colleagues or stakeholders.
Possess in-depth knowledge and hands-on experience with Snowflake, contributing to the design and implementation of comprehensive data solutions across various platforms.
Coached/Mentored a cross functional teams including onsite associates’, offshore teams, across locations in USA, Europe, Australia and India.
Zeal to learn and implement latest technologies which help to provide stable, robust application architecture solutions.

Education and Certifications
Masters in Business Administration Finance and Human Resource.
AWS Cert. Solution Architect.
Microsoft Cert. Azure Data Engineer.
Edureka Certification. Tableau Desktop Professionals as BI developer.

Technical Expertise

Operating Systems: Windows 2007/2012, UNIX, AIX v6.x/v7.x and Solaris V9.x/10.x, Languages: .Net Scripting: PowerShell, Shell Scripting, Azure CLI, Enterprise Servers &amp, Reporting tools: POWERBI,TABLEAU, QLIK SENSE, LOOKER and THOUGHTSPOT
Relational Databases: EDW Teradata, Informatica, BigQuery, AWS Postgres Server, Azure SQL Server, SQL Server 2016,2012, 200800, MS Access, MySQL
CLOUD Technologies: Snowflake,MicroSoft Azure, AWS Cloud.
Monitoring Tools: Fiddler, Telnet, Security: Microsoft Active Directory, Azure Active Directory, Other Applications: SQL Navigator, MS Office 2012/2010/2007, Slack, ServiceNow and JIRA.

Professional Experience:
Verizon September 2019-Current
Job Title: Data Engineer & Business Intelligence Lead

Led a comprehensive assessment of existing on-premises systems, including ETL processes, EDW Informatica, databases, reporting systems, as well as Snowflake data warehouse implementations.
Designed and executed a migration plan for transitioning existing datasets from on-premises infrastructure to Azure Data Warehouse and Snowflake ensuring seamless integration and data continuity.
Importing data from various sources such as Excel files, databases, web services, etc.Transforming data using Power Query Editor to clean, reshape, and prepare it for analysis.Creating relationships between different data tables if working with multiple data sources.
Designing interactive reports and dashboards using Power BI Desktop adding visualizations such as charts, graphs, tables, and maps to present data insights.Arranging and formatting visualizations to enhance the overall user experience.
Spearheaded the design and deployment of Azure Databricks clusters, evaluating workload requirements to optimize cluster sizing and performance including integration with Snowflake data warehouses for seamless data access and analysis.
Defined and implemented robust Azure Data Factory Pipeline Framework, ensuring standardized logging, notification, including Snowflake-specific monitoring and alerting capabilities and error handling mechanisms to maintain project consistency and reliability.
Developed batch processing solutions leveraging Azure Data Factory and Azure Databricks, effectively managing data throughput from various source systems while meeting predefined window periods.
Implemented data optimization strategies using Polybase in Azure to enhance data load efficiency and minimize costs, maintaining a delicate balance between cost optimization and ETL process performance and loading the data into Snowflake Data Warehouses.
Choosing the correct data storage solution to meet the technical and business requirements.
Identify the optimal data ingestion method for a batch processing solution.
Willingness and aptitude to learn new tools and support other BI solutions and data analytics efforts.
Created Measures (Analytic Calculations), KPIs using various DAX Functions like Date and Time, Filter, Logical Functions in BI tools.

Environment: SQL Server 2014, 2019, Spark-SQL, Apache Spark Databricks, SQLProfiler, ETL, T-SQL, MS SQL Server Reporting Services, MS SQL Server Integration Services, MS SQL Server, Microsoft Azure
Pyspark, Pyspark DataFrames, Analysis Services, Microsoft-Office, MS Access

Client: TTI ELECTRONICS Jan-2019-August 2019 Job Title: ETL/BI Developer

Involved in the development of custom stored procedures, functions, triggers,SQL T-SQL Worked on advanced dimension Design and Cube design.
Implementation of SQL Logins, Roles and Authentication Modes as a part of Security Policies for various categories of users.
Created indexes for fast retrieval of the data. Involved in performance tuning and query optimization.
Created new database/tables to put in the extracted data and rebuild the relationship.
Extensively used SSIS Import/Export Wizard, for performing the ETL operations.
Created the SSIS/DTS packages and scheduled them.
Utilized event handling effectively to generate audits and logs for the generated packages.
Performed archiving and achieved automated processing of the raw data through the ETL process in SSIS.
Created reports as per user requirement using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), which delivers enterprise, and Web-enabled reports.
Created Rich dashboards using Tableau Desktop and prepared user stories to create compelling dashboards to deliver actionable insights.
Performed data refresh on Tableau Server on weekly, monthly and quarterly basis and ensured that the views and dashboards were accurately displaying the changes in data.
Mastered the ability to design and deploy rich Graphic visualizations with Drill Down and Dropdown menu option and Parameterized using Tableau. Created side by side bars, Scatter Plots, Stacked Bars, Heat Maps, Filled Maps, Symbol Maps, Pareto charting, mapping, calculations, demographics and geographic fields according to deliverable specifications using BI tools.
Created Prompts, conditions and Filters to improve the report generation. Also used Alerts to improve the readability of the report. Performed admin tasks such as security implementation at report level, folder level and user and content management across all platforms.
Environment: Tableau 10.x/9.x Desktop, Python, SQL, SSIS, SSRS MS Access, Universe Design Tool, Web Intelligence, S, Windows 7, RDBMS, ORACLE SQL, MYSQL.

Employer: Z3 Technologies June 2015- November 2018
Client: PLH Group Oct 2017 – Nov 2018 Job Title: Data/BI Analyst
Responsibilities

Involved in full project lifecycle also coordinated with all project teams. Interacted with Subject Matter Experts & End Users and gathered business requirements. Responsible for writing Business Requirements Document (BRD), Use Case Specifications, Functional Specifications Document (FRD).
Performed Gap analysis by identifying existing system, documenting the enhancements to meet the end state requirements.
Good understanding of RDBMS and SDLC.
Ensured on-time and on-budget performance of the assigned efforts to the mutual satisfaction of the business partners/ sponsors.
Designed and developed a business intelligence dashboard using Tableau Desktop, allowing executive management to view past, current and forecast sales data.
Experience with OLTP/OLAP System and E-R modeling, developing Database Schemas like STAR schema and Snowflake schema used in relational, dimensional and multidimensional modeling.
Worked with Global Operations, Technology and Data Metrics and Analysis teams to analyze, define and publish firm-wide performance and risk metrics to enable managers to make informed decision
Worked extensively in creating dashboards using Tableau that includes tools like Tableau Desktop Tableau Server and Tableau Reader in various versions of Tableau 7 and
8.1. Also involved in the administration of Tableau server like installations, upgrades, user, user groups creation and setting up security features.
Worked closely with all team members in implementing Tableau BI tool in all IT projects.
Generated reports using SQL queries in Tableau 7.x/8.x and published them to users in online thru Tableau server.
Involved in generating Daily/Weekly Sales & Finance trending reports using Tableau by identifying the dimensions, measures, measure values and level of details for Business Analytics & Top Executives to give an overview current Trends.
Took backup of the Tableau server on regular basis by using Tabcmd, Tabadmin commands also developed restoration procedures to restore the server during system failures.
Created adhoc reports to users in Tableau Desktop by connecting various data sources, multiple views and associated reports. Used Excel, flat files, CSV files to create Tableau adhoc reports.
Generated Tableau dashboards with combination charts. Used custom SQL connections, filters, quick filters, sets, parameters and calculated fields within Tableau reports to facilitate automated data visualizations.
Developed and reviewed custom SQL queries with use of joins clauses (inner, left, right) in Tableau desktop to validate and reconcile data.
Involved in requirement gathering, reviewing requirements and data sources for design, development, and testing and production rollover of reporting and data visualization projects using Tableau

Performed super user trainings in Basic and Advanced Tableau Desktop. Participated and organized various super user symposiums to promote the usage of Tableau.
Played an important role in coordination with the entire team and managing the time estimates for the entire project.
Environment: Tableau Desktop 9.x/8.x, Tableau Server 9.x/8.x, Tableau Reader 7.x/8.x, SQL Server 2005/2008/2012, Designer, BI, UNIX shell scripting, Power BI, Snowflake Schema.
Employer: Z3 Technologies June2015- November 2018
Client: Discover Card July 2015- Sep 2017 Job Title: Business Intelligence Analyst
Created Tableau scorecards, dashboards using stack bars, bar graphs, scattered plots, geographical maps, Gantt charts using show me functionality.
Worked extensively with Advance Analysis Actions, Calculations, Parameters, Background images, Maps, Trend Lines, Statistics, and Log Axes. Groups, hierarchies, sets to create detail level summary report and dashboard using KPI's.
Hands-on development assisting users in creating and modifying worksheets and data visualization dashboards.
Designed dashboard templates as per the requirement and dashboard content which includes complex tabular reports.
Utilized capabilities of Tableau such as Data extracts, Data blending, Forecasting, Dash board actions and Table calculations.
Involved in migrating client's reports from excel (static) based solution to an interactive service.
Created and documented Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for Enterprise Monitoring.
Installed Tableau Server 8.0 in Dev, QA, UAT and Prod environments.
Installed patches on the server and documented upgrade plan from Tableau 8.0 to 8.1
Administered user, user groups, and scheduled instances for reports in Tableau.
Created incremental refreshes for data sources on Tableau server.
Developed report level logic as per the requirement and DB constraints, creating POC for client approvals.
Coordinated database middleware issues with DBA's, system performance with System Architects.
Involved in license management SLA's with Tableau support.
Worked on scheduling the extracts and setting up the permissions.
Environment: Tableau Desktop 8.x, Tableau server, Tableau drive, Microsoft SQL Microsoft Excel 2007, MS Access, Windows 2007 server, UNIX shell scripting, Microsoft office 2007.

Employer: Platinum Pvt ltd, Australia May 2013 – Feb 2015 Job Title: Data Warehouse Analyst
Led effort in the Business Transformation Office to modernize the Experis brand’s business intelligence capabilities by standardizing CRM, front office operations and back

office financial data into centralized data warehouse. Resulting in the ability to see and use all relevant metrics for the first time to drive better business decisions and ERP and supply chain management suites.
Identifies detail functional requirements and user story acceptance criteria from the high- level features provided by the business unit and contains data from all branches of the company using SAP Business Warehousing.
Utilized institutionalized sets of dashboards and tools that represented core executive KPIs and increased capabilities and efficiencies of front-line employees using Power BI.
Managed and trained junior level team of analysts in variety of business intelligence software, processes and principles, helping to increase their knowledge, effectiveness and job satisfaction

Tools: SAP, Power BI, MS Excel 2007

Employer: H & R Block, Australian Taxation Sept 2010 - March 2013 Data Analyst (H&R Tax software)
Coached and lead the team to deliver outstanding client service and exceed targeted goals.
Managed office staffing, operations, and logistics for a tax office. Grew the business through developing local partnerships, managing office community involvement, modelling and coaching sales and new client growth tactics using H&R Tax preparation software.
Assisted in the development and execution of office-level growth plans.
Assisted in recruiting and interviewing tax office associates.
Became a knowledgeable resource on tax topics and products, as needed, prepared accurate and complete tax returns for clients.
Assisted with the closing of the interview by assembling the tax return, obtaining all required signatures, reviewing the finished product with the client, and completing bookkeeping procedures.

Employer: ICICI Bank August 2006 – November 2008 Client: Research Analyst (Investments and Financial Markets)
Research Analyst

Worked closely with executive leadership to transition from static Excel reports to a modern business intelligence platform allowing for self-service, visual, interactive reporting that highlighted trends and outliers.

Performed full cycle accounting duties, month end close procedures and assisted with budgeting and forecasting on a monthly basis.
Prepared data mart back-end with stock market business partners by loading their raw data into multiple tables in the SQL Server and creating automated ETL processes to create consolidated, relevant views.
Designed and developed interactive Excel charts and reports that provided sales executives a bird’s eye view of important KPIs and accurate sales forecasting and Budgeting.
Closely worked with the ETL teams and responsible for ETL process in development, test and production landscapes.

Environment: ETL, SQL, Microsoft Excel 2007, MS Access, Windows 2007 server, MICROSOFT OFFICE 2007.
Contact this candidate