WERNER MAASS 603-***-**** ad6hu6@r.postjobfree.com Portsmouth, NH

SENIOR DATA ENGINEER
Innovative and detail-oriented data engineer with extensive experience in designing, implementing, and maintaining robust software solutions. Proficient in multiple programming languages with a dedicated focus on both front end and backend development. Known for thriving in dynamic settings while ensuring client satisfaction and surpassing organizational objectives. Exhibit technical leadership through personally developed code, solution architectures and implementation recommendations. Demonstrated track record of large-scale computing operations and planning, with experience in high-performance computing Develops annual plans to support data and analytics work, lead the management and coordination of internal professional development opportunities.

IBM Watsonx
Databricks
SAP SD, Salesforce
AWS Redshift, Aurora, Glue
Snowflake, Tensor
Kubernetes with Helm
Delphix Virtualization
AWS Cloud, IBM Cloud
Kafka
Apache Spark
Tableau, Qlik, Splunk
Python, Linux, Perl
Atlas
Informatica TDM
Jenkins, JIRA, Trello

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
IBM – Senior Managing Consultant 2010 - Present

Thomson Reuters (2024 – Present)
Analyze business needs and lead cross-functional teams in the development, documentation, and delivery of process innovations driving the attainment of business goals. Research and identify sources of data, understand data structures, evaluate gaps, and perform validations to ensure a high degree of accuracy in reporting.
Initiated and established Data Quality KPI and Dashboard for Enterprise.
Conducted Data Profiling effort for Lead to Cash for Enterprise Data warehouse residing on Snowflake

Mitsubishi Union Financial Group/US Bank (2020 – Present)
Develop and execute superior data analysis to create strategic roadmaps for clients, resulting in optimized business processes, improved customer satisfaction, and increased revenue streams. Coordinate comprehensive release management for the delivery of financial metrics to Compliance, Consumer Credit, Wholesale Credit risk stripes. Managed Production Support team providing Incident, Change, and Problem Management.
Initiated and established Enterprise Data Platform production support team
Established and provided level one and two support for Enterprise Data Platform: AWS EC2, Lambda, Redshift, Glue and Glacier and achieved a steady state with 100 % compliance to SLAs, resulting in lower operating costs and increased agility
Managed metadata management to support Basel Committee on banking supervision’s the Regulatory and Non regulatory reports for the Federal Reserve

T-Mobile (2019 – 2020)
Responsible for establishing governance structure and NorthStar vision for Quality Assurance accelerators. Coordinating all aspects of Delivery for 4 Product Lines, Supply Chain Execution, Logistics, Device life Cycle Maintenance and SAP FICA.
Scrum Master for Realtime streaming Project leveraging Apache Kafka with SAP Data integration utilizing Cucumber, Selenium, an AVRO
Designed and architected Service Virtualization architecture for Disco Quality organization

Ahold Delhaize (2019)
Project managed all aspects of the Hannaford Online program integrating Oracle EBS with Google analytics, and ansible automation for the Delhaize CI/CD.
Increased Revenue by 15% Buy online features
Initiated and Staffed quality assurance team on a Success factors integration program with Workday for union and non-union based wages
Coordinating all aspects of the Hannaford Online program from infrastructure through to the business, including approximately 9 different work-streams

American Express (2018 - 2019)
Managed DataOps team of 15 consultants for a full Test assessment of Analytics group. Leveraging Informatica Data Management components.
Facilitated, through IBM Scaled Agile assessments, a Test Data Management as a service solution for Regulatory Reporting and Analytics, the health check identified key business entities requiring data quality remediation
Audited current Data governance and sourcing for OFSA business and federal reporting reducing time to delivery

Brighthouse Financial (2017 - 2018)
Established and managed Data Engineering Office including staffing, processes and procedures and reporting providing services for the MetLife to Brighthouse migration. Collaborated with various SI vendors and the Information security organization to create policies, strategies and schemes for their test and data governance organization and developed the test and data stewards within their lines of business. Architected services virtualization across business units as within the SAP Hana architecture.
Harmonized SAP master data and building data models (in HANA or other relational databases) leveraging SAP MDG tools (Master Data Domains, and Information Steward)
Developed and sourced for SAP HANA modelling [Extraction, Transformation and Load (ETL) jobs in BODS for transferring data from SAP and non-SAP systems
Coordinated with cross-functional work-stream leads, System integrators, external suppliers, and functional business leaders to drive solution design, deployment and overall governance of the enterprise data
Developed a 5-year application roadmap for the SaaS SAP architecture and initiating organizational data service

Citrix (2016 - 2017)
Managed and Staffed Testing center of Excellence, fully accountable for the result of the project, the driver that holds the project together successfully managed Biztalk project for BTS organization to zero defect leakage and 2day MTTR.
Implemented SAP TDMS solution for data availability and integrated the solution with SOL MAN. Reducing quality assurance costs by 25%
Communicated to all concerned parties project milestones, status updates, as well as any existing or potential customer escalation issues
Routinely engaged in building consensus, developing contingency planning, and providing recommended quality assurance innovations (i.e. CTD, Document Analytics, and Defect Analysis)

Safeway (2015 - 2016)
Translated complex system requirements into innovative solutions, including system architecture, and project management. Expert in collaborating with diverse departments to deliver results that exceeded expectations and propelled organizations towards strategic objectives.
Solutioned Data Acquisition and TDM as a service plan for largest grocery merger: 2400 stores, 27 distribution facilities, and 20 manufacturing plants
Coordinated the implementation data-dependent strategic business initiatives by creating Test Data as a Service
Managed and evaluated and prioritized acquisition and integration of large external data sets, in collaboration with subject matter experts within the IBM TDM solution

Covance (2014 - 2015)
Provided expert technical guidance while leveraging industry knowledge and hands-on experience in software development, system integration, and infrastructure optimization. Delivered innovative solutions tailored to client needs, driving positive business outcomes, and creating efficient resources.
Developed new business with a $1.3M contract renewal for the Production Support contract of their current LIMS (laboratory information management systems)
Interacted and Collaborated with Clinical Data Managers to understand the data models that affect the testing environments and pre-production environments and SLA's

Express Scripts (2011 - 2014)
Collaborated efficiently to analyze business requirements, design technical solutions, and implement custom software applications, resulting in streamlined processes and improved efficiency across multiple projects and industries. Managed the Release Cycle and Claims Services Capabilities. Led Enterprise Release team and managed the monthly cycle for ESI successfully completing the Express Script Medco merger.
Program managed overall delivery of Claims Services Organization for Express Scripts of 125 consultants
Managed and Staffed 60 Express scripts and Vendor QA Project and Program Leads
Lead the Eligibility Capability and Claims Transaction Processor capability with 30 projects per month and the delivery of the release to express scripts. On average maintain a MTTR of 4% and a defect density well below the industry standard of 40%

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
Masters, Computer Science Marist College
B.A. Mathematics & English State University of New York College at Potsdam
Contact this candidate