Shreeparna Dasgupta
ad6iaj@r.postjobfree.com
501-***-****(Home)
501-***-****(Cell)

Executive Summary:

Over 20 years of IT experience in analyzing, designing, and developing and cloud technologies, Web/Intranet and Client/Server applications.

Experience in all the phases of software development lifecycle. Design and development of web-based enterprise applications. Maintenance of web server and unix servers. Maintenance of MQ server on z/os

Provisioning compute servers for data tranfers and configuring pipelines. Designing and developing Web applications using Java, J2EE and J2ME Technologies using Web sphere, Tomcat and WebLogic. Experience in developing web applications using .NET frame work, Visual Basic, C##, ASPX and JavaScript, AJAX on IIS server.

In-depth knowledge in cloud technology and methodology leading to experience in integrating disparate applications including Java, .NET framework and legacy based applications using MQ and Kafka streams

Excellent communication skills and a motivated self-starter.

Technical Skills

Languages
MQ, Kafka, Java 2.0, Python, Visual Basic .NET, Visual Basic 6.0, .NET C#, Visual C++, C++, C, Pascal, Cobol, Foxpro, Dbase III plus, Basic, Fortran

Operating Systems
Windows 93/95/98/NT/2000/XP/2003/Windows 10, Unix, MS-DOS, OS-390,Z/OS

Java Technologies
JDK 1.8, J2ME, J2EE,Web-services,EJB,JDO, Value Objects, Struts, JSP, Servlets, Tag libraries, Tiles, JDBC, Swing, MIDPlets, Applets

Microsoft Technologies:-
.NET framework, ASP, ASPX,Web- services, Window Apps.

Middleware
WebLogic 5.1,Websphere6.1, Websphere 5.1.1,Tomcat Apache, MQ -Series,IIS.NET

Web Servers
Java Web Server(BEA-Weblogic, IBM-Websphere, Tomcat, Apache), IBM-Websphere MQ,Microsoft-IIS, Red-Hat

Web Technologies
HTML,XML,DOM, Front Page, JavaScript, DHTML, VB Script, AJAX,COM, DCOM

Database
My-SQL, SQL Server 2023, SQL Server 2000,SQL Server 7.x,IBM-DB2 9, MS-Access, Oracle 8,Oracle-9i, oracle 10g, Informics, Siebel.

Imaging Tools
Global 360 Imaging system, Scene7, Xerox, Pegasus, Adobe.

Reporting Tools
Business Objects, Data Stage, Cognos, EXCEL

ETL tools
MS DTS

Integrated Development Tools
Rational Application Developer, WebSphere Studio Application Developer (WSAD) 5/6.X, Forte for Java, JBuilder, Ardent Data Stage,Symantec Visual Cafe, Edit Plus, Eclipse, Front Page, Dream Weaver, Fire Works, MS Visual Interdev 6.0

Networking Protocols
TCP/IP, HTTP, HTTPS, Samba, Netbios

Productivity Tools
WORD, Power Point, MS-Visio, SuperCalc, Lotus 123.

Repositories
Git-hub, Clear Case, Source Safe, Starteam, CVS, Endeavor .

Analysis & Design
UML(ROSE Model) Design Patterns, ERWin
UML Tools
RATIONAL ROSE, RATIONAL SODA, Rational CLEAR CASE, Rational Requisite Pro, Rational Clear Quest

Education:

M.S. University of Arkansas
B.S. Computer Science, Calcutta University, India
Diploma in Information Technology, GOA University, GOA, India

Certifications:
Snowflake Core Pro.
Microsoft Certified Visual Basic Developer.
Sun Certified Java Programmer
Sun Certified Web Component Developer.
Sun Certified Business Component Developer
FYI Com Certified.

Received the following training:
Developing Mobile applications using J2ME technology
Developing applications using Websphere(WSAD)
Developing and designing in Microsoft SQL-server 2000
Developing Microsoft ASP.Net applications
Programming fundamentals Visual Basic.NET
Developing applications using C##.
Unix training.
Linux training

USA CITIZEN.

Professional Experience
Arkansas Blue Cross Blue Shield 06/2017 thru current dte

Maintenance of MQ server on Z/OS and CICS transaction server ver5.6. Participate in setting up kafka cluster,and help in the conversion of MQ to AMQ server. Setting up Kafka to Snowflake pipeline.

Arkansas Blue Cross Blue Shield 01/2009 thru 06/2017

Maintenance of HP-UX servers. Monitor day to day activity of all users of the 9 HP-UX serves which hosts the claims application. This claim processing application is used enterprise wide and is the backbone of the organization. Maintaining the MQ servers and applying patches and upgrading versions as and when required.

Dillard’s Corporate, Little Rock, AR 05/2006 through 11/2008

I was responsible for the maintenance and migration of the extranet and intranet applications. I was solely responsible for the migration of the intranet site with the assistance of a few web developers, from Websphere Application Server 5.1 to Websphere Application Server 6.1 and Struts 1.1 to 1.3.8, java 1.4 to 1.5.Starting from the inception phase down to the implementation phase, I was responsible for migrating 52 various size applications which were built in house.

Responsibilities: - Technical lead. Convert each application to run on WAS6.1 after compiling in Java1.5 and using the struts 1.3.8 framework. Configured the WAS server options for optimum response of each application.
Environment: - Operating systems: - Linux & Windows-XP
IDE & Technology: - JavaJ2EE technology developed on RAD
Database:-DB2 9, MS- SQL server 2000.
Imaging:- Xerox, Pegasus, Adobe.
Omnuiture:- Implemented Site Catalyst on the internet site
Tea Leaf:– Used to track user sessions for customer omplaints.
Load Runner:- Used to test load on the site for each application.

https://www.dillards.com (5/10/2006 - 6/01/2007)
Programmer/Analyst - Part of the Dillard’s internet team which is responsible for the maintenance of the site. We use Websphere Commerce 5.1 (an IBM tool, which supports a B2C or B2B e-commerce site).It uses JSTL and custom tags for displaying the web pages. The site uses Scene-7 for displaying images which is served with the help of the Akamai server. Websphere Commerce interacts with Endeca Search engine to search the site for products. Dillards uses Tea Leaf to track sessions. Developers uses tea leaf as a debugging tool too. For web analytics Omniture Site Catalyst is used.The back end database is IBMÕs DB2.The production environment is Liniux but the development boxes are windows .

Responsibilities:-
Environment:
Linux & Windows-XP, JavaJ2EE technology developed on Websphere Commerce5.1.
Endeca - Implemented Keyword search
Omniture - Implemented Site Catalyst on the internet site
Imaging - Implemented color swatches for bundles Scene-7
Tea Leaf - Used to track user sessions for customer complaints.
Load Runner- Used to test load on the site.

http://www.dis.arkansas.gov/ (04/2001 - 5/2006)
State of Arkansas, Little Rock, AR

Projects include the following:

Arkansas Department of Information Systems - Arkansas Department of Information’s
Photo ID Project (04/2001- 04/2006)
Completed a Photo Identification system for the intranet site for DIS. The site would display a list of employee. The employees could bring up an employee’s photograph if they clicked on his/her name, an admin to the system could enter and update information regarding section when employees moved from one section to the other and the system would be used by the guards on week ends and after hours to verify if the identity matched with what they had on the database. Included a field to indicate after hour permissions.

Responsibility: Analysis, design, coding and testing of this application.
Environment: This project used Visual Basic in combination with the .NET framework, Active directory and SQL- SERVER 2000 as back end.

Arkansas Department of Workforce Services –
http://www.arkansas.gov/esd/ (01/2006- 04/2006)

Employee Registration Project
The Employer Registration Project for the Department of Workforce Services, consisted of employer’s data capture from a few JSPs and updated to DB2 database. The values were then displayed on a PDF and stored in the imaging database. The barcode on the PDF was stored as the key and the employer, who just registered could bring up the PDF form online for viewing.

Responsibilities: -Interpreting use cases, design, coding and testing of this
system. Generating PDF and updating the database.
Environment: -UNIX & Windows-2003, Windows-XP, JavaJ2EE technology developed on WSAD, Active directory, 2 .NET generated and 2 using Websphere, DB2, Global-360 Imaging system, Data Stage

Arkansas Department of Education Professional Licensure - APLS Enhancement http://arkansased.org/ (10/2005-12/2005)

The Arkansas Department of Education Professional Licensure (ADE/PL) Section was very pleased with the System that we had created as their calls at the call center had decreased by 80%. They asked DIS support to extend the system to include non-teachers (such as bus drivers and janitors, etc.) who worked in the school system.
Environment: Java, J2EE technology, MS-SQL server (2000), LDAP, Web sphere, Business Objects, Business Objects UNIX and NT.
Responsibilities: Team lead. Maintenance of the systems and their enhancements when requested from users. Interpreting use cases, design, coding and testing of this application. Creating stored procedures, views and triggers for this project.

Arkanas Crime Information Center - Arkansas Drivers License Mobile Device System

https://www.acicdriverslicense.arkansas.gov/ADLMD/logon.jsp (02/2005- 05/2005)

ACIC wanted the images of each driver license holder, both their current image and the old images. They wanted the information as web service so that they could plug in that web service into the system they were developing. We used MQ Series to pull out data from the Mainframe and displayed it on the desktop. The system also has the capability of displaying data on handhelds.

Environment: Webservices, Java Websphere, J2EE technology, J2ME technology, MQ-Series, DB2, Mainframe Cobol, UNIX, Windows-XP.
Responsibilities include: Analysis, design, coding and testing of this application.

References available upon request.

Michael Zeno
23 Point South Court,
Little Rock, AR -72211.
221-2298 (Home)
590-6176 (Cell)

Renjith Davis
708 Parliament Street,
Little Rock.
AR -72211
773-0428 (Cell)
312-1607 (Home)
Contact this candidate