Varsha Rani +1-612-***-****
Minneapolis, MN ad6j1l@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
Higher skilled Network Engineer with 6+ years of experience in resolving hardware and soŌware implementaƟon, conﬁguraƟon, troubleshooƟng, network infrastructure support, escalaƟon support and security issues and concerns. Skilled in delivering technical support, managing network operaƟons, and maintaining high upƟme Data Center environment.
Work Experience
Company Name - New Horizon Academy (Part Time)
DesignaƟon- Childcare ﬂoat aide
DuraƟon – June 17, 2024 - Current
Roles and ResponsibiliƟes
Maintain a daily atmosphere ﬁlled with laughter, learning and love
Use theme-based curriculum and provide customized learning environment
Communicate caringly with families regarding each child’s daily growth and learning Company Name – Tata Consultancy Services (TCS)
Work Environment - Network Engineer
DesignaƟon - System Engineer
DuraƟon - September 2016 to March 2023
Project InformaƟon
Previous Client - Showa Denko (Japan) – Sep 2019 to Dec 2022 Roles and ResponsibiliƟes
Implemented a new network infrastructure for client.
Completed a rack migraƟon in Data Center
Worked as L2 Network Engineer for Client in Infra Project. CreaƟng the change requests and implemenƟng the changes
Joining Major Incident calls and verifying end to end network connecƟvity by looking at the end device connected switch port status, rouƟng status, WAN link status, device status and coordinaƟng with diﬀerent technical teams to ﬁx the issue.
Conﬁguring and replacing Cisco Switches
CreaƟng the RFCs (Request for change), geƫng all the approvals before the acƟviƟes
Analyzing producƟon impact risks, creaƟng a plan to miƟgate it, and implemenƟng it through a change request.
TroubleshooƟng hardware and soŌware related issues on Router and switches.
TroubleshooƟng slowness issues on network and providing the ﬁx.
Following up with ISP Vendors for WAN related issues and worked on troubleshooƟng.
Monitoring the health of the Data Center devices like Module down, Power Supply down, High Temperature, SFP bad, cable bad issues and following up with onsite person to perform physical health checks and ﬁx the issue.
Raising Cisco TAC Case and following up with Cisco TAC for Cisco devices, raising RMA and coordinaƟng with TAC engineer for network issues on producƟon Previous Client – Cargill Inc (USA) – Sep 2016 to Aug 2019 Roles and ResponsibiliƟes
Provided ﬁrst and second-level escalaƟon support for client infrastructure.
Monitoring the WAN, LAN, and wireless services for Cargill network infrastructure through HP monitoring tool
CoordinaƟng with Field Services to troubleshoot physical connecƟvity issues and power on devices.
Analyzing the impact for non-redundant links to switches and proposing the plan for redundant connecƟon for full availability and implemenƟng it. Building and maintaining Visio documentaƟons.
Analyzing the producƟon impact during the ISP scheduled maintenance by engaging stakeholders and performing necessary steps to avoid impact.
IdenƟfying, troubleshooƟng, and reporƟng on network performance issues using symphony summit tool
ValidaƟng the network connecƟvity like routes, uplinks, VLANs, management access pre and post electrical maintenance to ensure that network is restored completely.
Preparing and maintaining technical document for the team to help them in resolving the
Issues quickly for repeated incident
Technical Skill
LAN/WAN
SNMP Monitoring
VLAN conﬁguraƟon, VTP conﬁguraƟon. HSRP, VRRP, GLBP, DHCP.
Enabling Port security through Porƞast, Uplinkfast, AAA 802.1x AuthenƟcaƟon
RouƟng protocols – EIGRP, RIP, OSPF
Tracing MAC Address
STP, RSTP, PVST.
Ether-channel
Managing Wireless network
Tools
HPNA
HP NMMI
BMC Remedy
Symphony Summit
Wireless
Conﬁguring Access Points.
Managing Access Points in Unify Wireless Controller. Monitoring Access Points and Users connected to those AP’s. Conﬁguring SSID’s on WLC.
TroubleshooƟng issues related to Wi-Fi.
Firewall
Registering new Palo Alto into Panorama
CreaƟng and Modifying security Policies
Monitoring of traﬃc and TroubleshooƟng on Panorama Firewall GUI EducaƟon Details
Completed Bachelor of Computer ApplicaƟon (BCA) with 75% in 2016 from Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth University, UP, India.
Completed Class XII with 73.8% in 2013 from Kendriya Vidyalaya Mughalsarai, UP, India.
Completed Class X with 9.4 CGPA in 2011 from Kendriya Vidyalaya Mughalsarai, UP, India Personal Details
Good communicaƟon skills (wriƩen and verbal).
Good interpersonal skills with an ability to understand the customer’s requirement.
Willingness to learn new concepts, ideas & use new technologies.
Good at sharing informaƟon & ready to acquire the new knowledge.
Good in Ɵme management to work proacƟvely on reported issues.
SupporƟng conƟnuous improvement by invesƟgaƟng alternaƟves and technologies. Awards & Achievements
First Division in Bachelor of Computer ApplicaƟon (BCA) Best Team Award
Service and Commitment Award
Applause for Team Award
On the Spot Award for represenƟng my team to Client DeclaraƟon
I hereby declare that the informaƟon given above is correct to the best of my knowledge. VARSHA RANI
Contact this candidate