Shikha Jain
Data Engineer
Contact- +1-248-***-****
Email- ad6oq1@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn- https://www.linkedin.com/in/shikhajain/
Address- 1432 Vistaview Dr, Rochester Hills, MI-48306
PROFILE SUMMARY
Seasoned full Stack Data Engineer with a flair for developing scalable and efficient data solutions with experience across data analytics, engineering, data visualization and data science platform. I am passionate about finding innovative ways to use data to help businesses grow with a track record of producing excellent results within tight business deadlines.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
1.Technical Skills: SQL, Python, Pyspark, Azure data factory, Azure Databricks, Azure Synapse, Data Lake storage gen2, Kafka, Azure Data Catalog, Data Governance and Security, Dataware house, Data model, Git, GitHub/CD, Visualization tools- Grafana/Splunk/QlikView/Power BI/Tableau
2.Certified Azure Data Developer
3.Oracle Certified Associate (SQL, PLSQL)

EXPERIENCE
Data Engineer, FORD, MI
2019- Present
Designed and implemented comprehensive automated data pipelines utilizing ADLS Gen2, Databricks, Data factory, Apache PySpark and Azure SQL Database.
Enhanced Spark job performance through optimization techniques by fine-tuning cluster configurations and refining queries which resulted in decreasing the execution time by 85%.
Proficient in overseeing architecture at detailed level while enhancing components to optimize product performance.
Led the development of real-time monitoring dashboards using Grafana and Splunk, integrating them through Git, GitHub, and Jenkins pipelines, increased system uptime by 95% and reduced response time by 60%.
Spearheaded the migration of blob, http, Azure SQL data into ADLS Gen2 resulting in significantly faster execution of Directed Acyclic Graphs (DAG) and optimizing pipeline efficiency by 28%.
Proficient in developing intricate scripts, leveraging optimized query techniques for pulling data from complex data tables.
Engaged with researchers and business stakeholders to collect requirements and provide support for ad-hoc access to extensive data sets.
Implemented Metastore configuration in Unity Catalog using the Access Connector which seamlessly links storage accounts with Databricks, enabling centralized management of workspaces and data objects for user access.
Architected and implemented comprehensive and innovative data models and data warehouses to optimize data management and increased query execution by 10x for Data Scientists team.

Data Analyst, Success Mortgage Partner, MI
2017- 2018
Led the migration from Microsoft Excel to SQL Server resulting in annual cost saving of above $600k and an increase in performance by 90%.
Built and scheduled advanced SQL queries and stored procedure to design several reporting dashboards using Power BI which avoided manual intervention by 99%.
Collaborated closely with mortgage executives for business enhancement by providing useful insight through analyses.

Data Scientist Analyst, BorgWarner, MI
2016- 2017
Extensively involved in wrangle, transform, visualize and detect patterns from various data sets to gain useful insights from the data and define analytics opportunities using R and Python.
Responsible for examining available data to perform data cleansing and collecting statistics and information summaries to find out whether existing data can be used for other purposes which had saved data analyses time by 80%.
EDUCATION
MS in IT from Oakland University, MI, 2016
MS in Software Engineering, India, 2011
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science, 2008
Contact this candidate