Laxmi Suchana Kolla

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Amazon(Amazon web services) July 2022 – May 2024
Software Engineer
Roles and Responsibilities:

My responsibilities were full-stack, encompassing both front-end and back-end development.
I proficiently designed and developed user interfaces using TypeScript and React, ensuring seamless user experience.
On the back end, I integrated the system using Graph QL, which interfaces with our API Gateway and utilizes DynamoDB as its primary database.
My role required not just building these components, but ensuring they communicate fluidly, thereby updating our database in real-time.

Employer:Volkswagen Group Of America Nov 2020 – July 2022
Software Engineer
Roles and Responsibilities:

Develop and manage big data system or database testing or validation procedures using Microsoft Technology stack
Modify existing big data pipeline to correct errors, to adapt it to new systems, or to interfaces and improve performance.
Consult with customers or other departments on project status, Proposals, or technical issues, such as big data system design or maintenance.
Analyze information to determine, recommend and plan to manage high volume, high traffic GDPR solutions build C#-Azure functions

Microsoft, Bellevue, WA March 2019 – Oct 2020
Engineer
Roles and Responsibilities:

Worked with Dynamics Product Marketing teams who runs 1-day free Power BI and Power apps trainings delivered by partners in cities worldwide.
Accept requests from Product Marketing teams to create new partner profiles, contact a partner pages and event pages that get hosted by Certain event management SaaS tool created Power App tool to get input for requests.
Worked with Azure function, Certain API connections to get the data into Sql database and use them in creating Power BI reports
Azure Data Bricks DIAD Impact Analysis -This notebook takes two dates (start date, end date) as parameter and calculates MAU Monthly active users growth for DIAD Tenants that registered for DIAD between start date and end date.
Worked on Providing the Iris team with Cosmos data streams (big data tool) For Power BI and Power APPS .Jobs run Daily in scope studio to get the target user list for each event so we can push in-product notifications and e-mails to target users and Notify them with the events happening.

Community Health Plan of WA, Seattle, WA Mar 2018 –Feb 2019
Developer
Responsibilities:
Designed, Developed and Deployed reports in MS SQL Server environment using SSRS-2008R2
Migrated data from Heterogeneous data sources (Excel, Flat file, CSV file) to centralized SQL server database using SQL server integration services (SSIS) to overcome transformation constraints.
Creating packages to transfer data between OLTP and OLAP database using Lookups, Derived columns, Condition Split, Execute SQL Task, Data Flow task, Execute package task etc.
Working with T-SQL to create Tables and Stored Procedure.
Using SSRS to create Sub-reports, drill-down, drill-through and parameterized reports.

Wells Fargo – Des Moines, IA Sep 2014 –Feb 2018
Developer
Involved in import and export of data between various sources and destinations using SSIS, Scheduled SSIS jobs.
Responsible for designing the ASP.NET Win Forms using .NET Framework in C#.
Created Stored Procedures to transform the Data and worked extensively in T-SQL for various needs of the transformations while loading the data.
Monitoring & Analysis of SQL Log Perform counters and Performance Tuning for all development and staging environment.
Responsible for maintaining all the code in TFS for my module and helped in deployment of end to end application.
Extracted the Business Requirements from the end users keeping in mind their need for the application and prepared Business Requirement Documents (BRD) and then translating into functional
Migrated data from transfer database objects and Created SSRS/ reports in Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS).
Analyzes, design, and codes web applications and maintains entire software cycle and Creates models for new database development and modifies existing
Contact this candidate