William Marquis Woburn, MA ***** 970-***-**** ad6sqo@r.postjobfree.com
Data Engineer/Architect

Languages: Python SQL Linux Bash
BI Tools: Tableau Looker Power BI Idera Data Modeling Studio
Tech Stack: Git Databricks dbt GCP Kubernetes Snowflake AWS/Red Shift Azure

Professional Experience

Dollar General Corporate (Remote) Nashville, TN February 2023 – Present
Data Engineer
Liaison between Machine Learning and Data Engineering team.
Currently work on a cross functional agile team with analysts, data engineers, and product owners to deliver pipelines for ML reporting and analytics dashboards.
Developed Python ETL program, and Snowflake stored procedures, for loading and extracting into a Snowflake staging schema used daily as the production process by engineering team.
Developed dbt production ELT models for cleansing and parsing of data between staging tables and a warehouse schema.
Created Power BI dashboards to analyze annual customer shopping trends using SNAP benefits with a Python data science forecasting component.
Installed and configured (including REST API scripts) an open source data catalog for Enterprise implementation at premiere retail company of 20,000 stores.

Segue Technologies (Remote) Arlington, VA August 2021 – February 2023
Data Engineer/Analyst
Lead developer of data science and reporting, as-well-as, data modeling projects.
Met daily with multiple high-end clients to shape data driven decisions that directed budgetary and technical implementation goals.
Wrote SQL scripts to capture data from Snowflake and SQL Server databases into concise business intelligence dashboards and visualizations for a school construction project that led to great cost savings.
Modeled a Redshift data warehouse schema from a transactional SQL Server database (including naming conventions, dimensions, and data types).
Participated in project that implemented a pipeline into Databricks from Hadoop migrations.

Lakeside Software (Remote) Boston, MA October 2018 – August 2021
Customer Success Analyst
Post Sales Support Analyst for leading digital monitoring solution.
Post sales support for software that captured 10,000 data points in the Enterprise network (Clients included Insurance and Banking Industries).
Report and dashboard creation from complex SQL queries and custom database schema modeling/table creation.
First rate Customer Support/Service with up to 30 high end clients including banking and tech industries.
Implemented ad hoc visualizations for clients in a variety of domains using Power BI and Tableau.

Education
BA, Anthropology, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ
AAS, Web Design, Red Rocks Community College, Lakewood, CO

Post Graduate Education
Applied Data Science Certificate, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge Massachusetts
Intensive training with top faculty in all facets of AI: Python programming, mathematics, reporting.
Contact this candidate