George Barahona
919-***-**** ad6ud5@r.postjobfree.com Durham, NC

Education
North Carolina Central University
Bachelor’s degree: Cyber and Information Security Technology Current Student
ECPI University
Associate degree: Computer Science in Cyber Information security Systems 12/2023
Knowledge:
Operating Systems: Windows, Unix, Linux, Mac OS, Android OS, Computer Configuration, Principles of Cybersecurity, Network Protocol and Services,
Languages Fundamental: Java, C++, C#, Python, HTML, Cisco CLI, SQL server functions
Software: Azure, Word Press, Microsoft: Visio, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access, BIM, Windows Active Directory, Cloud Services Application,
Soft Skills: Communication, Teamwork, Leadership, Management, Customer Service, Detail oriented, Problem solving,
Know cisco CLI devices and configuration like Nexus (ACI)Routers, including: 800 Series, (ISR) (1800, 2800, 3800), ISR, 2500 Series, 7200, 7600, 12000, ASR (900, 1000, 9000), (NCS) 6000, Access Points, PCI/PCMCIA/USB Wireless LAN Adaptors, (WLC) Catalyst switches: 1900 Series, 2900 / 2950 / 2960 / 3500XL Series, 3550 / 3750 Serie, Cisco LAN2LAN Personal Office for ISDN
Language
English (fluent), Spanish (fluent), Italian (proficient)

Experis Durham, NC
Lab/Data Network Engineer 03/2023 - 03/2024.

Working with Cisco System company as a contractor, the Cisco Advanced Lab Operations (CALO) organization manages network labs globally to assist TAC engineers in resolving complex customer network issues. Lab Data Center Technician utilize various technical methodologies to address real-world problems, enhancing their skills in Cisco networking technologies. They recreate network environments, perform setup and configuration tasks, and collaborate closely with TAC engineers to troubleshoot encountered issues.
Key Responsibility:
•of data center infrastructure, such as power, cooling, cabling, and rack systems.
•Working knowledge of network protocols, such as TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, and VPN.
operating systems for administrative tasks such as Linux, Windows & MacOS
Monitor case queue for incoming new cases and case updates to meet SLAs.
Handling recreates cases: layer 1, 2 setup up & configuration of various routers, switches and network segments based on TAC provided network topologies.
Reading network topology and building small networks using Cisco routers and switches
Provide solutions within SLA time frame.
Downloading & installing of OS software/device images as requested
Troubleshooting of technical problems that may be encountered while working cases.
Inventory management, such as scanning of existing network devices.
Installing new devices & equipment in the lab
Handling case escalations & engaging supervisor as needed.
Research technical solutions via existing online documentation.
practical IT experience or customer support experience in an IT environment
Foundational networking knowledge & experience, including network topologies & troubleshooting.
Performing basic router and switching configuration tasks (e.g., password recovery, basic ACL & VLAN configuration, recovering devices from rommon)
CCNA level networking knowledge
Exposure to programming concepts (e.g., Python)
Excellent verbal and written communication
solving problems, and working in a fast-paced team environment
Ability to prioritize tasks & keep organized.
Enjoys providing customer service & managing occasional escalations.
•Solid troubleshooting skills & methodologies
• database systems, PostgreSQL, SQL Server,

Adams Electric Company Charlotte, NC
Technical Support Engineer 04/2011 - 05/2021

Tested and repaired software/hardware/routing issues using Cisco routers and switches. · Provided IT Level support and troubleshooting, managing network connections, and supporting end-node devices. · Installed communication systems on job sites, ensuring seamless connectivity and collaboration. · Managed users through Azure and Windows Active Directory, providing expert knowledge of network engineering and operations.
Key responsibilities:
Create temporary wireless connection inside trailer and around jobsite area for smooth for devices and employee workstation.
Troubleshoots connections and maintenance radius servers, routers, and switches office brand’s location.
Provide technical support for internal and external customers who are using or troubleshooting enterprise-class multi-tier software applications and/or solutions, including cloud-based environments.
Stay up to date with the updates and enhancements and provide training and support to end-users as needed.
Important Skills:
Strong TCP/IP knowledge
Exceptional knowledge and prior experience supporting network security technologies such as: Proxies, NG Firewalls, SSL/IPSec, VPN’s, SSO
Familiarity with DLP and Encryption gateways
Expert in troubleshooting various scenarios and systems by using knowledge of common tools and protocols (TCP/IP, NTP, DNS, DHCP, etc.)
Familiarity with cloud apps and services

George Barahona
919-***-****

Terremark Worldwide Inc. Miami, FL
Tech Support Help Desk Specialist 04/2007 - 02/2011

Experience in a Help Desk or User Support environment PC hardware/software, server Microsoft latest operating systems, network connectivity and communications, knowledge of Microsoft Windows and the ability to install integrate and support this operating system, ability to troubleshoot SaaS based applications, be able to install, maintain and troubleshoot MS Office, administer Active Directory users and groups.
Key Responsibilities:
Maintained the company's IT infrastructure, with a focus on end-user tools and systems.
Monitored and optimized technology performance to ensure the system's health and reliability.
Prioritized and promptly addressed helpdesk tickets to provide efficient end-user support.
Installed and maintained computers, printers, networking gear, and other devices to ensure proper operation.
Important Skills:
Software skills: Help Desk and OS tickets, windows active directory.
Strong problem-solving abilities, quickly identifying and resolving technical issues to maintain optimal operations.
Exceptional customer service skills, providing a positive and supportive experience for end-users and Experience in installing and managing computers.

Sheraton Miami Mart Hotel Miami, FL
Front Desk Agent 11/2003 - 03/2007

Provided exceptional guest services, overseeing check-in/out, and resolving guest complaints. · Coordinated guest requests with hotel departments, suggesting process enhancements for efficiency. · Demonstrated excellent problem-solving and communication skills in handling guest interactions.

George Barahona 919-***-****
Contact this candidate