SUMMARY
Tulasi Muddana
linkedin.com/in/tulasi-muddana 816-***-**** ad6zlk@r.postjobfree.com

Experienced data professional with a strong background spanning three years, specializing in data analysis, ETL development, and database management. Proficient in SQL, Python, and various ETL tools, focusing on optimizing data structures, ensuring top-notch data quality, and extracting actionable insights through statistical analysis and visualization techniques. Skilled in engineering efficient data pipelines and experienced in utilizing cloud services like AWS & Azure to drive innovative business solutions.
SKILLS
Programming Languages: Python, J2EE, J2SE, C, SQL, R.
Database: MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, HBase, Cosmos DB, Snowflake.
Big Data Ecosystem: Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, YARN, Hive, Sqoop, Kafka, Pig.
Visualization tools: Tableau, Power BI, Druid, Matplotlib.
Cloud Platform: Azure, AWS.
Tools and Software: Microsoft Excel, Google Analytics, Pandas, Git, NumPy, Jenkins, Jira, Docker, Bitbucket.
Software Methodologies: Agile/Scrum, Waterfall, Spiral.
EXPERIENCE
Data Engineer Devoir Software Solutions LLC Chesterfield, MO Jan 2023 – Present
Ingested data from CSV and flat files into a newly created Azure synapse analytics, and blob storage using ADF and Azure SQL.
Involved in creating database objects like tables, views, stored procedures, triggers, packages, and functions using T-SQL to provide structure and maintain data efficiently.
Developed multiple re-usable Azure Data Factory pipelines, linked services, and activities using parameterization approaches to reduce development time.
Developed spark scripts for mining data and performed transformations on large datasets to provide real-time insights and reports.
Utilized advanced Excel functions such as INDEX MATCH and VLOOKUP to streamline data analysis processes, reducing time spent on manual data entry by 30%.
Created automated ETL jobs in Talend and pushed the data to Azure SQL data warehouse.
Worked on writing Pyspark notebooks to perform transformations on the data and created multiple triggers to automate the ADF pipelines.
Integrated on-premises data (MySQL, Cassandra) with cloud (Blob storage, Azure SQL DB) and applied transformations to load back to Azure Synapse using Azure Data Factory.
Created and maintained interactive Tableau dashboards that provided real-time insights into key performance metrics, leading to a 15% improvement in decision-making efficiency.
Followed an agile methodology where we worked on weekly sprints, daily sprint status, and sprint demo preparation.
Data Engineer Avisirah Technologies Pvt Ltd Hyderabad, India Oct 2019 – July 2021
Designed end-to-end ETL pipelines using AWS Glue, Athena, Spark, Airflow and Jenkins, capable of fetching and correlating 20 GB of daily data.
Assisted Data analysts and ML engineers by developing Cloud infra and data pipelines to automate the Financial Documents Classification and processing.
Utilized airflow DAGs to schedule all the workflows and automated deployment using CloudFormation and Jenkins.
Exported the latest snapshot data on Snowflake for analytical purposes and developed a user interface for key metrics, and cost optimization dashboards using Amazon Quick Sight on top of that.
Developed pivot tables in Excel to analyze and summarize large datasets, facilitating easier interpretation of complex data
Envisioned and developed data-driven reports and dashboards and presented them to the leadership team using Tableau to enable decision-making.
Utilized Agile and SDLC methodologies to deliver end-to-end deployment by CI/CD pipelines by integrating tools like Jenkins and AWS for VM provisioning.
ETL Developer Internship Avisirah Technologies Pvt Ltd Hyderabad, India May 2019 – Sep 2019
Expertise in working with the Hadoop ecosystem and its components like HDFS, MapReduce, Hive, Pig and Spark.
Worked with data modelers and business analysts to understand the requirements, design models, and create mappings for transforming source data into a format suitable for analysis and reporting.
Optimized ETL processes and queries for performance, used Spark and Oozie as workflow orchestration tools to automate and schedule complex ETL workflows to ensure timely and accurate data processing.
Used version control systems to manage ETL code and configurations, ensuring traceability and repeatability of ETL processes.
Conducted unit testing, integration testing and performance testing on ETL pipelines to validate accuracy and reliability.
EDUCATION
University of Missouri Kansas City, Kansas City, MO Aug 2021-Dec 2022
Master of Science in Computer Science
Koneru Lakshmaiah Educational Foundation, Guntur, India June 2016- May 2020
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering
Contact this candidate