ANNCHEN
Business System Analyst
Phone# 415-***-****, e-mail: ad6z1w@r.postjobfree.com,LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/chen-ann PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Transitional from a career in the technology industry and seeking a full-time role in the field of data analytics. With my technical experience as Application Owner, Platform Specialist, Technical Lead & Solution Architect in various industries such as banking, fiance, retail, and insurance, with extensive experience in ETL Architecture, data warehousing, requirements gathering, analysis, design and development, project life cycle, implementation and support, performance tuning. EXPERIENCE SUMMARY
Application Owner, Platform Specialist & Sr Lead Data Engineer JPMorgan Chase & Co.
2018 – April 2024 San Francisco, CA
Application Owner (AO) for Digital Analytics Platform (DAP). As AO, responsible for managing the DAP application and its associated objects to ensure compliance with Corporate Policy. It is a critical resource for making appropriate technology usage decisions aligned with the firms and regulators policies.
As a Platform Specialist, responsible for setting up all the platforms and environments such as Hadoop, Cloudera & Hortonworks, AWS, Teradata and DB2, Cassandra, Oracle, MS SQL Server, etc.
As Lead Data Engineer, oversees multiple development teams and provides support and ensures the development teams are following best practice and standards.
Setup AWS for Digital Analytics Platform in all environments (DEV, QA, UAT and PROD) for Ingestion and Publishing data in AWS Datalake and grant access for downstream consumption.
Leading Migration Projects - migrate Hortonworks to Cloudera Hadoop environments and migrate On-Prem Hadoop environments to AWS S3 Buckets.
Snowflake On-Boarding for Account Opening & Activation Reporting & Analytics
As part of NADC (North America Data Center) Migration, KEON exit is one of the high priorities to be completed. Implemented solution with new DB2 accounts, on-boarded with new EPV setups along with EPV Self-Service Resetter and ensure necessary access roles are established in all DB databases environments (DEV, QA/UAT, PERF and PROD). Provided and documented implementation steps for the development team.
Performed Sustained Resiliency and Failover Testings
Created GAIA SQL Server database for AutoUI application so L3 Support team can continue to run and execute Cloudera jobs via AutoUI application
Created and On-boarded GAIA Cassandra databases
Performed capacity space forecasting and planning for all platforms and environments (Cloudera, Hortonworks, Teradata, and AWS)
Managed Security Risks and Controls and address out of compliance breaks and issues and prepared PCI Assessments
On-Boarded AppProtects and HeraKMS
Worked and Setup MFT routes for many SORs to send files ad6z1w@r.postjobfree.com
Technical Lead & Solution Architect Macys Inc.2016 – 2018 San Francisco, CA
Technical Lead and Solution Architect for DaaS (Data as a Service) development team.
Successfully designed and deployed various capital projects, such as Beauty Box, SEO Optimization, Affiliate Partners, and Product Promotion Association.
Led project treatment sizing and inception sizing, performed impact and feasibility analysis and designed technical solutions to solve business needs.
Lead multiple development teams in various projects simultaneously.
Tech Stack: IBM Infosphere DataStage, Hadoop, Hive, Sqoop, Scala, Python, Linux, Shell Scripting, API Call, DB2, Oracles, Teradata, Control-M, Tableau.
Fasttrack Technical Lead & Iteration/Program Manager Macys Inc.2012– 2015 San Francisco, CA
Managed Fast-track team (both on-site and off-shore) and its portfolio, prioritized work requests and balanced workload for developers.
Worked with Agile methodology by implementing and delivering business functionalities in iterations.
Responsible for coordinating, prioritizing, and communicating functional and technical requirements with stakeholders/business partners and technical team.
Technical lead for capital projects such as RDPP (Rules Driven Product Placement), MMG/MCL (Macy's China Limited), Pinterest, SVI (Single View Inventory), etc.
Managed and delivered projects successfully on-time and on-budget.
Worked in various technical capacities such as Iteration manager, Program manager, Technical Lead and System Analyst. Tech Lead Macys Inc.2010– 2011 San Francisco, CA
Designed, developed and optimized ETL pipeline for Fast-track team.
Designed and implemented ETL frameworks which are highly reusable with data loading, error handling and data quality checks and balances.
Developed custom components for DataStage to accommodate complex business logic.
Developed ETL best practices and standards for developers to follow.
Designed, developed and supported Partner Data Feed Manager application, a self-service tool for the marketing team to generate, schedule and send data feeds to hundreds of external vendors.
Implemented and delivered many other projects such as Wedding Registry, Email Service Provider (Epsilon), Customer Preference Management, Online Influence, etc.
Guided and mentored developers on ETL designs.
ad6z1w@r.postjobfree.com
Sr.Developer Macys Inc.2008– 2009 San Francisco, CA
Designed, developed and delivered many projects on time and on-budget such as Registration Customer, Mobile Marketing, Intelligent Offer, Bridal Consolidation projects.
Migrated Postgres to DB2 Database platform.
Migrated hundreds of Postgres scripts to ETL DataStage application.
Improved performance on long running processes (for example, from 4 hours down to 1 hour).
Provided training and mentoring to team members on ETL DataStage application, best practices and standards PRIOR EXPERIENCE SUMMARY
Various industries such as banking, insurance and retail 1996– 2008
● Held various technical roles from developer, system analyst, data architect to technical lead.
● Responsibilities covered the full project life cycle including requirements gathering, analysis, design, coding, testing, deployment and support, as well as optimization and performance tuning.
● Prior employers include American Express, Safeway, Yahoo, Mervyn's, 7-Eleven, Gap, Blockbuster, The Standard Insurance Company, Assurance Health, etc.
● Work history will be provided on request.
TECHNICAL SUMMARY
Data Analysis & Visualization: Tableau, Excel, SQL, BigQuery, Python, IBM Watson Query, Business Object
AWS: S3 Bucket, On-Premises to Cloud Migrations
BigData & Operating Systems:Hive,Sqoop, HBase, UNIX(AIX), Linux (Redhat)
Databases:DB2, Oracle, Teradata, Vertica, Cassandra,Postgres
Middle-Tier & Web UI: Play Framework (Scala),Python, Tibco EMS, Tibco Business Works, HTML, CSS, JavaScript
ETL Tools: Talend, IBM Datastage & QualityStage V11.x/V8.x/V7.x
Schedulers & Tools: Control-M, JIRA, Bitbucket, Confluence, GitHub, Quartz Scheduler, Autosys, CA7, Test Director, Toad
(DB2/Oracle/Hadoop), PuTTy and ClearCase
Programming Languages: Perl Scripts, C-Shell Scripts, Java, Advanced Cobol, DB2/Cobol, CICS/Cobol, Command-level CICS, DB2/SQL, Easytrieve PLUS, JCL, VSAM/ISAM, IBM Utilities EDUCATION SUMMARY
Google/Data Analytics Professional Certificate - May 2024 - Current 2024, Online
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner September 2022
Data Warehousing In Depth, Kimball University, Los Gatos, CA December 2001
Java Training, College of Dosage, Glen Ellyn, IL September 2000
Associate Degree in Computer Science, DePaul University, Chicago, IL 1999
Bachelor of Science in Business, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN June 1996 ad6z1w@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate