Dianny Catalina
Barrera Guerra
***** ****** **** **
Denham Springs, LA 70726
225-***-****
ad70oh@r.postjobfree.com
MSc. in Project Management and Bachelor in science of Petroleum engineering with 8 years of experience in operations engineering, Consulting and Supervisor roles in Oil & GAS, Manufacturing, Construction and Hospitality industries. In the Oil & GAS industry, I got experience as a Data Engineer and Drilling Engineer participating in different operations during planning and execution stages. Assisting exploratory projects (Seismic, Geomechanics and EOR) for conventional wells, using software’s and lessons learned from my previous experience. This experience strengthened my interpersonal and technical skills to motivate and lead multidisciplinary and multilingual teams in another industries. Ability to monitor and control budgets, training people and mediating interpersonal conflicts and implementing company procedures. Coming back to Oil Gas companies acquiring new technical skills working in GOM projects (offshore) as mud logger/Data Engineer
(training).
I’m passionate leading teams and empowering them. My goal in each project is take the initiative and commitment to pursue goals and execute on time with zero incidents and quality during job activities and deliverables. I like to be involved in different activities knowing what is happening in each stage, to create a criterion, but focus on goals. Always, open to listening and learn from others. Skills
Team Leader
Decisiveness and responsible
Proactive
Planning to use resources and people
Organization skills
Able to work in Multicultural
environments.
Multitasking
Experience
NOVEMBER 2022 -PRESENT
Data Engineer / Halliburton, Broussard, LA
●Providing Leadership and guidance to Mud Loggers and Sample Catcher, acts and lead capacity.
●Monitoring well operations as per communication protocol
●Assisting in gas monitoring and validating gas levels, lag time, drilling mud and drilling parameters.
●Responsible for Quality control of all logs and drilling reports.
●Responsible for proper calibration and maintenance of all SDL sensors, gas equipments and data transmissions.
●Describing, examining and record samples according with industry standard and identifying caving to report immediately.
● Assisting/Supervising the collection cuttings samples for generation of Mud log in GOM projects
(Offshore).
●Generating logs and report, completing trip sheets, shows and ZOI reports and communicate any abnormalities.
2
AUGUST 2021 – TO NOVEMBER 2022
Project Supervisor / CVSynergy, USA
●Carrying out planning - Including setting goals and objectives, producing schedules and timelines for tasks in accordance with the needs of our clients.
● Identifying and manage risks associated with lighting projects in State Parks, Tennis courts, Schools Universities and Hospitals.
● Tracking projects, monitoring, and controlling activities, payroll and costs associates with projects.
● Reporting and applying changes throughout the process to management communication between customer and project team.
● Selecting, leading and empowering teams.
APRIL 2021 – TO AUGUST 2021
Supervisor / Frei Hospitality Group, Tampa,FL
●Supporting candidate screening and hiring processes.
● Developing work schedules by allocating employees in shifts and positions.
● Assisting and coaching as needed to all employees during training and daily activities.
● Ensuring a professional Staff making plans and the right training in each hotel according with their standards.
● Ensuring that employees understand their duties or delegated tasks.
● Making the timesheet, verify hours and payrolls. AUGUST 2020 – TO MARCH 2021
Quality Control Inspector/Theochem, Tampa,FL
●Daily batch testing of formulated products prior to packing for finished production.
● Ensuring that finished products are finished according to QC specifications prior to shipment to customers.
● Inspecting incoming components, labels and raw materials.
● Reporting quality test parameters in the software system.
● Ensuring that blending tanks and packing lines after the sanitization activity is completed are releasing after activities.
● Other QC/QA related activities directed by the Manager. 3
JANUARY 2015 TO SEPTEMBER 2017
Manager (CEO)/Puerto Mar, Medellín, COL
●Hiring, training and supervising employees to ensure that they provide excellent customer service and perform their duties effectively.
● Managing inventory to ensure that the store has enough products to meet customer demand.
●Promoting store products and implementing marketing campaigns to drive traffic and increase sales.
●Overseeing the day-to-day operations of the store, including scheduling, cleaning, and maintenance.
●Identifying and resolving problems as they arise and making decisions to improve the overall performance of the store.
AUGUST 2011 – TO DECEMBER 2014
Drilling Engineer and Consultant I/Halliburton, Colombia
● Assisting the Supervision during rig transit and drilling operations in the field, logistic of equipments, tools and personal required to execute each activity according with the plan.
●Keeping track of current daily costs, comparing actual costs with expenditure proposals, and recommending cost-effective changes.
●Obtaining relevant data, carrying out engineering analysis on site, recommending necessary actions and writing up reports.
● Keeping the environmental protection standards, in some cases through direct discussion with the drilling team to ensure compliance with legislative requirements.
● Working with multidisciplinary professionals to evaluate the commercial well viability and monitor progress during drilling operations.
● Undertake engineering design and planning of new wells through post operative analysis lessons learned contributing to conceptual development design.
● Geopressured analysis during Real Time monitory for optimization of the operational window in Colombia and Brazil Basins (offshore and onshore) in real time
● Geomechanics analysis post drilling using technical software (Landmark suite) supporting new drilling projects.
● Assisting technical proposals and reports during exploration and EOR projects.
● Under supervision looking for new business opportunities for Consulting, visiting customers and making new geomechanics and government proposals.
● Risk assessment and quality assurance in strategic processes. 4
JULY 2011 – TO AUGUST 2011
Data Engineer/TGT Gamas, Colombia
●Monitoring onsite Real Time drilling operations.
● Operate and maintain a real-time computer-based data acquisition system, which records all aspects of rig activities.
● Creating special logs and daily reports for Well-Site Geologist and company man.
● Keeping records, supporting the geologist with samples description.
● Predicting dangerous situations, such as over-pressured formations, loss and gains, stuck pipe and other situations can be prevented if those are detected on time.
● Taking on the primary health and safety role for the well through constant monitoring of all critical drilling parameters
● Contributing to operational excellence, providing ideas based on previous experiences Education
NOVEMBER 2023
CAPM CERTIFICATION IN PROGRESS
FEBRUARY 2023
Quality Management Certified Course /PMI training, USA FEBRUARY 2021
MSc. In Project Management / Summa University, Fl, USA JULY 2010
Bachelor’s in science of Petroleum Engineering / Universidad Nacional del Colombia, Colombia.
Activities
Volunteer Sudamericanos 2010
Volunteer Catchafire 2023
PMI
Catchafire
Contact this candidate