YEVGEN PSHECHENKO
ad70yl@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/pshechenko
925-***-****
Walnut Creek, CA 94596
Data Management Analyst
Results-driven Data Engineer with over 15 years of extensive experience in software development, education, finance, manufacturing, and science areas. As an engineer, my focus lies in data governance, team collaboration, system analysis, and the creation of innovative solutions. Bring expertise in various facets of data engineering, encompassing database development, programming, relational database design, integrations, ETL processes, program analysis, and database warehouse administration. Throughout my career, my commitment to data, coupled with my technical proficiency and diverse industry background. Actively seeking a role within a data-driven team to leverage my engineering skills and make a substantial impact while furthering my knowledge and skills in the field. SKILLS
MS SQL – ORACLE – MYSQL – POSTGRESQL – PYTHON – VBA – VISUAL STUDIO – VISUAL CODE – SSIS – SSRS – MS ACCESS – MS OFFICE – AWS – ETL/ELT– POWER BI – DATABASE MANAGEMENT – DATA ANALYTICS – DATABASE ARCHITECTURE – DATA VISUALIZATION – RDBMS – PROJECT MANAGEMENT – TEAM LEADERSHIP – SDLC – ERP SYSTEMS – USER INTERFACE – BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE – WORKFLOW SYSTEMS PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Pleasanton Unified School District Pleasanton, CA 08/2020 – Present Public Education
Data Engineering Lead
Developing and executing a strategy to construct and optimize foundational datasets for the delivery of high-quality data across multiple company verticals, ensuring compliance with information/data privacy laws and regulations.
Implementation of scalable data delivery and reporting solutions in a fast-paced environment (utilizing SSIS, T-SQL and PL/SQL).
Offering technical expertise for company-wide system support (20+ departments and teams) and administration.
Spearheading the launch of new data systems, data pipelines, and 30+ integration solutions in production.
Achieving a 45% increase in data accuracy and a 25% improvement in data operations efficiency through successful migration of the information system to a new platform based on AWS Cloud Services.
Participating in the hiring and growth of the Technology Department's data engineering staff.
Providing technical guidance and mentorship to 33,000+ end-users. West Contra Costa Unified School District Richmond, CA 10/2013 – 07/2020 Public Education
Database Management
Guided the development of data structures and 25+ data pipelines, focusing on organizing, collecting, and standardizing data for insightful reporting (150+ custom reports) using SQL Developer tool (PL/SQL).
Played a hands-on role in the daily operations of a data department consisting of 15 Data Engineers by ensuring the professional maintenance of the company's data system hosted on the Microsoft Azure Cloud platform.
Took a hands-on approach in developing and executing a roadmap to enhance transparency in the data workflow.
Contributed to the expansion of the team of 15 Data Engineers and actively participated in the transition to Agile development methodology.
Managed relationships and integrations with over 50 software vendors, aiming to enhance customer service, operational efficiency, and data quality.
Collaborated with business stakeholders and multi-functional teams to design ETL processes and reporting solutions aligned with business needs.
Developed, coordinated, and provided hands-on training for 3,000+ users across 59 schools. YEVGEN PSHECHENKO
ad70yl@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/pshechenko
925-***-****
Walnut Creek, CA 94596
Santa Clara Unified School District Santa Clara, CA 09/2012 – 10/2013 Public Education
Database Administrator
Took charge of the maintenance and training initiatives for the Student Information System (SIS) by concentrating on enhancing student success, parental involvement, and optimizing security and productivity for of 15,000+ students.
Applied data engineering principles, MS SQL programming standards, and best practices to elevate the overall quality of data.
Collaborated with the CTO on project planning, scheduling, status reporting, and issue tracking resolution, emphasizing hands-on technical contributions.
Worked closely with cross-functional partners to ensure seamless alignment of project goals, scope, and resources from a data engineering perspective.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to develop a tech roadmap with a focus on data engineering solutions.
Delivered system integration services, simplifying processes for easier data management, achieving a 15% reduction in costs, and enhancing efficiency by approximately 50% through data engineering methodologies.
Engaged with multiple stakeholders (10+) to deeply understand the needs of data practitioners, ensuring the delivery of scalable and impactful data engineering solutions. EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
Master in Computer Science - Kharkov Polytechnic University - Ukraine Bachelor in Computer Engineering - Kharkov Computer College – Ukraine ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
Database Analyst, Guzik Technical Enterprises, Mountain View, CA Software Engineer/Project Manager, “Parus” Corporation, Kharkov, Ukraine Software Developer/Team Leader, Regional Business Assistance Center, Kharkov, Ukraine
Contact this candidate