James Neuburger
**** ******** ***** ********** ** 45231 ad743e@r.postjobfree.com 513-***-****

Career Objective
Data Architect, Engineer and Analyst that advances a culture of data driven business decisions.

Skills Summary
Expert data engineer and analyst with a successful operations improvement background .
With eight years of organizational transforming data engineering and analysis experience, combined with fifteen years of operations improvement expertise, I bring a unique blend of skills to improve data driven business decisions. My proven track record of excellence has been recognized and rewarded in both fields, particularly through applying data engineering to support operations. I have successfully conducted training sessions across the US and Europe, educating operations and IT personnel on the fundamentals of data acquisition and reporting.

Skills Detail
Data Engineering and Analysis:
Proficient in Azure, Python, Databricks, DAX, R, M, JavaScript
Extensive SQL experience across multiple platforms, including Oracle, SAP, Trackwise and EtQ.
Expertise in Web Scraping, Power BI suite, and Power Apps.
Operations Improvement and Management:
Certified DFSS Blackbelt with extensive business operations experience.
Expertise in Cost Accounting, Research, Planning, Purchasing, Process Control, Manufacturing Operations, Engineering, Warehouse Operations, R&D, Maintenance, Facilities, Finance, Marketing, Compliance, Post Market Surveillance, and Medical Device Quality Operations.

Education
Miami University
B.A. in Chemistry
Georgia Tech Micro
Micro Masters Analytics: Essential Tools and Methods
Cincinnati State
Software Engineering

Intangibles
Intelligent, resourceful, balanced, competent, motivated, positive & flexible.
Poised and driven with a demonstrated ability to succeed.

Employment History
Philips Respironics
Sr Manager Quality Business Analytics
February 2022 – Present
Summary of responsibilities:
Integration of data science into current Sleep & Respiratory Care (approx. 2bn annual revenue) Post Market Surveillance practices for a quality department under FDA consent decree.
Leading the paradigm shift to automated reporting for my department and at the forefront for Philips, I created and maintain the Power BI gateway and all content thereon for my department. This consists of three Premium workspaces, servicing over a thousand customers.
Validated packages of note include statistical trend signal filters for Change Point Analysis and FDA Medical Device reporting. However, the workspaces contain a wide variety quality management summary reports and content to improve productivity by combining multiple sources into a single source for accessibility, visibility and summarization.
Recent projects to exemplify current skills application include:
o Azure Databricks scraping of FDA MAUDE to reconcile internal MDR reporting to this public database
oGeneration of Databricks machine learning models for complaint coding assignments.
oApplication of Finance reporting techniques to summarize Post Market trends for Senior Management to generate concise reports

NuVasive
Manager, Business Analytics
January 2021 – February 2022
Summary of responsibilities:
Note that my responsibilities for Integra, Nuvasive and Philips are similar as I was recruited by Senior colleagues to which I had reported, to perform similar functions for their new departments.
Integration of data science into current business practices, across Nuvasive, reporting to through the Quality organization (1.2 bn revenue).
Conducting the paradigm shift to automated reporting for Nuvasive, I created and maintained the Power BI gateway and all content thereon for 300 users. While Nuvasive did not have the budget to deploy premium cloud functionality, I coded custom scripts to perform much of the data ETL processes on a gateway machine using a combination tools, but primarily Python scripts.
Standardization of KPI dashboard across departments.
Projects to exemplify technical skills:
oInclusion of dynamic IMR run charts performed via custom DAX coding such that statistical chart generation could be dynamically generated for any dashboard variable selected.
oa plethora of web scraping utilities from public API for combination of those data sets with internal data for reporting, all via desktop utilities on the gateway machine.

Integra Life Sciences
Manager, Business Analytics
September 2016 – December 2020
Summary of responsibilities:
Integration of data science into current business practices (1.3bn revenue).
Note that my responsibilities for Integra, Nuvasive and Philips are similar as I was recruited by Senior colleagues to which I had reported, to perform similar functions for their new departments.
Initiating and conducting the paradigm shift to automated reporting for Integra, I created and maintained the Power BI gateway and all content thereon for the Quality organization, which was converted to a company-wide system as I transitioned to IT for approximately 300 users.
The key highlight of my time with Integra was to drive the paradigm shift for all reporting from decentralized, expensive and disparate data pulls to automated, validated and standardized reporting for a global system. I led the effort that is still in use today.
I travelled across the U.S. and Europe to train personnel in system use and AI first principles.
I was awarded MVP, Global Quality in 2019

OPW Engineered Systems (Dover), Quality Engineer. Jan 2014 – Sept 2016
General Mills, Manufacturing Supervisor. July 2011 to August 2012
Sun Chemical, Senior Development Engineer. April 1997 to July 2011.
Link Engineering, Test Lab Supervisor April 1996 – April 1997
Akzo Nobel, Research Chemist 1995-1996
US Army, Infantry. 1987 – 1995
References on request
Contact this candidate