Vishnu Devineni
New Haven, CT 475-***-**** ad7bbr@r.postjobfree.com
PERSONAL SUMMARY:
I am a highly skilled and motivated Data Engineer with Hands full of experience in designing, building, and maintaining scalable data pipelines and infrastructure. With a strong background in computer science and expertise in big data technologies like Hadoop, Spark, and Kafka, I excel at transforming raw data into valuable insights. My experience includes working with cloud platforms such as Azure, Snowflake and AWS to deploy and manage data solutions. I am passionate about leveraging data to driven business decisions and am seeking a challenging role where I can continue to grow and contribute to the success of a data-driven organization.

SKILLS:
●Strengths: Data Science, Data Structures, Big Data
●Data Engineering: ETL design, Big Data (HDFS, Hive, Spark, Sqoop), Airflow, Snowflake, NoSql,
●Programming Languages: Python, Java, SQL, Bash, No SQL, HTML/CSS
●Software and Tools: Power BI, Azure Services, Hadoop, Snowflake, Git

EDUCATION:
University of New Haven West Haven, CT
Master of Science, Data Science May 2024
Vellore Institute of Technology Vellore, India
Bachelor of Technology April 2022

WORK EXPERIENCE:
Universal Music Group, California
Data engineer/Data analyst Intern Jan 2024-Jun2024
•Co-ordinated with a team of four in the design and development of a sophisticated end to end automation framework using PySpark scripts, this resulted in a reduction of 10% human hours.
•Deployed data solutions using Airflow and PySpark, increasing the scalability and reliability of data processing tasks by 20%.
•Fetched 10TB of data from Azure Blob Storage and loaded it into the data warehouses like Snowflake, Azure Synapse Analytics, and Hive using Spark on Azure HDInsight/Azure Databricks. Utilized this data to execute four new marketing techniques that assisted in boosting revenue by 15% in three months.
•Automated ETL processes across billions of rows of data, which reduce manual workload by 23% monthly.

Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp, India
Data Engineer Intern Apr 2021 – July 2022
• Designed and implemented real-time data streaming infrastructures using Azure Event Hubs and Apache Kafka, achieving an impressive data intake rate of 12,000 events per second.
• Constructed and optimized ETL processes with Azure Data Factory, streamlining the data migration from MS-SQL Server to Azure SQL through Azure Data Lake, leading to a 20% increase in data loading efficiency.
•Conducted comprehensive analyses of electronic medical records within Azure SQL to uncover patterns in prescription drug utilization, shared insights with senior management, and developed insightful PowerBI dashboards for monitoring sales data

RESEARCH INTERN:
Vellore Institute of Technology May 2020 – Jan 2021
•Research on various voice search engine models to prepare a voice-based video search.
•Experimented on different precision levels to find the searched word.
•Code application in python with a Graphical user interface.

CERTIFICATIONS:
Azure: Azure Data Engineer Associate
Snowflake: Data Engineer Workshop Certificate
TensorFlow in Practice – Specialization Certificate Data Structures in Python Coursera

OTHER ACTIVITIES:
University of New Haven, West Haven, CT
Volunteer- Data Analyst Aug 2022 – Dec 2023
Analyzed data from 30000+ monthly active users and used results to direct marketing and product strategies.
Developed 20+ Power BI reports according to user preferences, allowing easy access to critical information for all employees.

PROJECTS:
Facial Recognition Python, TensorFlow, Raspberry Pi
Trained a model using TensorFlow object detection APIs to classify different human faces.
Convert and deploy the model to Raspberry PI

Simulated by proof of concept, a common use case for big data, shortened the time it took to run complex queries by implementing an innovative solution using Hive, HBase, and Sqoop.
Contact this candidate