Page * of *
Samir Patel
QA & Data Analyst **.*+ YEARS
“Quality is not an act, it is a habit.”
“No data is clean, but most is useful.”
CONTACT
Phone
+447*********
Address
** ******** ***, ****holt,
London UB5 5NG
Email
ad7b5j@r.postjobfree.com
ad7b5j@r.postjobfree.com
SOCIAL
Samir.patel79
http://www.linkedin.com/in/sam007
QUALIFICATIONS
MCA
Sir M Visvesvaraya Institute of Technology
2001 – 2003
70%
Bachelor of Science
Gujarat University
1996 - 1999
HSC
Gujarat Board
1996
SSC
Gujarat Board
1994
Skills
Manual Testing
Web Automation Testing
Mobile Automation Testing
Agile and Scrum
Communication
Leadership and Managing
DevOps
Brief My Self
Total 16.5+ years of professional experience as a
Software Test Engineer. Proficient as Lead and
Manage QA activities in both manual and automation testing process. I have many more transferrable skills like Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Leadership, Team Collaboration and Communication, Agile
delivery, Data analysis to gain the high-level
experience from my day-to-day life and become a
keen learner of current tread and technologies to
make a sound position in Testing and Data Analytics in any organization.
EXPERIENCE
NHS
Sr. Test Engineer
Aug 2022 – Current
• Working at NHS Commissioning Units.
• Attending daily agile development stand-up
meetings, take part in relevant internal and external working meetings, and provide information on
testing priorities, progress, challenges, and
estimation.
• Weekly CAB meetings with client and integrated 3rd party to share test planning, collect information, discuss new requirements and challenges.
• Evaluate, analyses, and interpret complex
information and requirements from different data
source like Excel, SQL, Client Data, Customer use
case etc.
• Critical thinking to design high level and Low-level Test design based on data source and requirements.
• Creative and innovative approaches to execute test plans, test cases and test specification based on a variety of functional and technical requirement
documents and test artifacts.
• Execute all levels of testing (System, Integration, and Regression).
• Collaboratively work in a team to achieve agreed goals, multiple priorities.
• Smoothly manage conflicting deliverables by agreed upon stakeholder priorities or any issues which may affect deadlines.
• Manage Bug/Defect triage session and demo to end client.
Page 2 of 7
Critical Thinking
Data Analytics
SQL
Tools
Selenium WebDriver (Java)
Katalon studio
SOAP UI
Appium 2.0 (MobileAutomation)
UIAutomator2
QTP
Postman
Github
JIRA, Test Rail, Quality Control, TFS
Jenkins
BugZilla, Mantis, FogBugz
CI/CD pipeline and Docker
SQL Server Management Studio
Excel (PivotTable)
Domain Knowledge
Healthcare system (NHS)
Finance
Insurance
Ecommerce
Telecom
Key Experiences
Experienced in analysing business specifications and requirements.
Export to write Test Plan, Design Test Cases
Performed Black box and White box Testing.
Daily Scrum, spring planning, product backlogs,
grooming, story creating, Acceptance criteria,
execution, retrospective.
Performed Alpha and Beta Testing
Performed End to End Testing
Test Automation using Selenium WebDriver with
TDD and BDD framework.
Web API and Rest API Testing with Soap UI, Rest
Assured API
Achievements &
Certification
ISTQB® Certified Tester - 00583787
Awarded as Cygnet Best Tester in 2008
Two-time onsite Business meeting in Paris
(France)
Product Owner from APMG
Blogs
http://samirqa.wordpress.com
Git - http://github.com/samirqa
FB -
• Develop and execute automation/test scripts in
Katalon Studio and Selenium Webdriver FW.
Project
Name
Description Deliverables
CQRS CQRS is managed
by the CSU
Collaborative to
deliver an efficient
and sustainable GP
payment system.
CQRS working
together with NHS
England, they
manage the
continued provision
and development of
the CQRS National
payment system.
Ultimately this is to
facilitate payments in
support of the GP
contract for Directed
Enhanced Services
(DES).
TCS work for Sky.com UK
Sr. Test Engineer
Jan 2022 – Aug 2022
Initiated shift left Test in Agile to setup
brainstorming session with BA, QA and Developer to understand the fundamental concepts, allowing QA
to design better tests for the Continuous Testing
stage.
Contributing to the testing strategy used to guide the principles and practices of quality assurance.
Promote testing at all steps of the development
cycle along with mentoring other testers in the
squads.
Shift left testing approach to test developer code before pushing it to the main branch, the merged
code is cleaner and less error prone.
Contributing to the testing and tribe’s continuous improvement efforts by driving initiatives, as well as running and participating in workshops
Drive quality assurance activities in squads including requirements analysis, exploratory testing, and test automation.
Find bugs early in the software development life cycle to reduce the cost of solving bugs.
Provide client team support, lead on investigating incidents, and participate in release activities.
Automation API Testing using Cucumber/Gauge
frameworks.
REST API using mainstream tools like
Run CI/CD pipeline to build automation using tools like Jenkins, Github
eClinicalWorks www.eclinicalworks.com
Test Automation Lead
Sept 2020 – Oct 2021
Closely work with product development team to
Page 3 of 7
https://www.facebook.com/AutomationBy
Sam
define Project Scope and Develop Business.
Managing the product backlog in Agile.
Collaborating with business analysis function to ensure QA testing requirements are appropriately
identified and included in the requirements.
Carry out Gap Analysis between new Business
Requirements and Existing Capabilities.
Develop test strategies, plans, and maintain
automation test data.
Validate the Acceptance Criteria.
Responsible for mentoring 3 peers, interacting with clients, gathering requirements, analysis the tasks requirement to be completed and created
automation scripts.
Worked in shift left testing approach to adopt
in test-driven development (TDD) to first write the tests for the piece of code which want to develop.
Develop and continuously improve automated tests as new system features and enhancements are
developed.
Ensure the appropriate test environments and
infrastructures are in place and kept up to date.
Document and mentor QA engineers in the use of
the testing framework.
Assist in the identification, selection, and
implementation of tools, technologies, and practices that support the overall QA process.
Operated under Agile and Scrum frameworks in well- organised sprints.
Project
Name
Description Deliverables
Cloud based
HER
electronic health
record (EHR) and
practice
management
solution, provides
technology for every
step of the patient
care delivery
process. Clinicians
access features
including patient
engagement,
Telehealth,
customizable
reminders,
population health
data, healthcare
analytics, and
custom messaging
campaigns.
Automation
Regression result
pushed on the
dashboard. Its
accessible to different
stakeholders
(Developers, BA,
PMO, Manual QA,
compliance, Release
mgmt team)
Teleheath healow TeleVisits™
helps primary and
specialty providers
deliver in-office
quality remotely,
improving safety
and access to
healthcare for
patients who find
Page 4 of 7
travel difficult
because of distance,
age, condition, or
during a time of
crisis
MasterCard www.mastercard.co.in
Sr. QA Lead
Jun 2019 – Aug 2020
Develop test strategy and test plans for projects.
Participate in requirements discussion, test planning, test data creation.
Analysed business requirements by working closely with different stockholders to elaborate stories,
define acceptance criteria and non-functional
requirements and create detailed test scenarios.
To ensure proper configuration management of the testware produced and traceability of the tests to the test basis.
Assign testing tasks and duties to the QA Team and Developers as required.
Execution of Unit, System/s, Integration, API testing and User Acceptance testing Plan.
Collaboration with the other stakeholders, devise the test objectives, organizational test policies, test strategies and test plans.
Manage and Co-ordinate demos to achieve business and stakeholder sign off.
Participate in developing and reviewing the test policies for organisation.
Maintain automation framework built on page-
object model concepts using Selenium WebDriver
(Java),
Performed End to End Testing Test Automation using Selenium WebDriver with TDD and BDD framework
Web API and Rest API Testing with Soap UI, Rest
Assured API Achievements.
Experience scrum tools like Daily Scrum, spring
planning, product backlogs, grooming, story
creating, Acceptance criteria, execution,
retrospective.
Established metrics applied industry best practices and developed new tools and processes.
Project
Name
Description Deliverables
Mastercard
connect
connect consumers, financial
institutions, merchants,
governments, and
businesses worldwide,
enabling them to use
electronic forms of payment
instead of cash and checks.
- Test Plan & Test
Strategy
-Test Execution &
Summary Reports
- Regression -
Test Results
- Failed Test
scripts RCA
Page 5 of 7
CNSoftNet Pvt. Ltd www.realtydaddy.com
QA Techno Manager
March 2015 – May 2019
Heading up the Testing department and Testing
Activities, Working in Agile and Scrum methodology.
Perform Scrum activities and working in DevOps
fashion.
Closely work with Product Owner and Dev Team.
Creating stories, Involved in Grooming, preparing acceptance criteria, involved in sprint planning, and managing in JIRA.
Setup Testing Process and Implementation.
Part of Scrum Team and defined product and
development Backlogs.
Setup Test Automation.
Developing hybrid Automation framework and
pushed regression suite into automation to generate ROI.
Having Knowledge to support continuous testing in DevOps environments.
Setup CI using Jenkins dev-ops for the web
applications developed.
Reported production malfunctions to managers and production supervisors.
Project Name Description Deliverables
Real-Estate B2C
Portal, Native Mobile
Apps
This is a B2C product
in Real Estate Domain.
Launched portal in
2018
www.realtydaddy.com
Test Plan, Regression
automation scripts, CI
build results, Defect
reports, Test Execution
summary.
Tax Tech India Pvt Ltd www.taxtechnologies.com
QA Manager
Aug 2014 – Dec 2014
Involved in Requirement Understanding phase by go through all existing requirements from different
source like JIRA, SRS/FRD and interact with
stakeholders.
Manage the ongoing requirements for testing and
developed bridge to sync the development and
Testing cycle.
Setup Test planning and Estimation process
Prioritization of tasks to meet MVP to maximize ROI. HighQ (Thomson Reuters) http://www.highq.com
Test Lead
Aug 2012- Aug 2014
Analysed Complex business flow of Product.
Restructure and organize the QA process.
Implement review process, mapping with Features
and Optimize the Test Case in Test Matrix Improved Page 6 of 7
the Bug cycle.
Estimated and planned resource for upcoming
priority task from Client.
Initiate product Knowledge sharing process in
internal Team.
Created accurate and successful test scripts to
manage automated testing of certain products and
features.
Define path for functional Automation, Push 50%
manual regression test cases into automation.
Directed off-site teams completing all required tests to support successful product development stages
and releases.
Worked alongside management to develop testing
and improvement plans.
Cygnet InfoTech www.cygnet-infotech.com
Asst. Test Manager
May 2006 – July 2012
Performed majorly Test Lead role and involved in managerial activity at organization level.
Selected appropriate tests in line with risk-based approach.
Involved in Product and Service based project life cycle.
Involved in On-Shore and Off-Shore Testing Life
Cycle.
Develop the test plan for the tasks, dependencies and participants required to mitigate the risks to system quality and obtain stakeholder support for
this plan.
Lead offshore Testing projects and successfully
delivered which has raised organization revenue and grow exponentially.
Expertly designed test approaches for each testing stages of delivery lifecycle.
Worked closely with product manager o drive
regression scripting in functional testing.
Implemented test improvement and optimisation
strategies to achieve Test result.
Worked with cross-functional stakeholders to advise on testing processes.
Strategically recruited and trained long-term test engineers.
Gateway Techno labs Pvt www.gatewaytechnolabs.com QA Executive
Dec 2004 – Mar 2006
Perform QA role and involved in manual Testing of Web Application.
Crafted test cases after determining test scenarios taken from SRS and functional documentations.
Created and maintained traceability matrix,
achieving 100% test coverage.
Page 7 of 7
Implemented testing on multiple projects using tools and ensuring high performance levels.
Communicated complex technical issues clearly and effectively to varied stakeholders, enhancing wider company understanding and resolution abilities.
Kirloskar Computer Ltd
QA Executive
Dec 2003 – Nov 2004
Initially work as software developer in Java and perform QA role to Test Web Application.
AVAILABILITY & REFERENCES
I am available to work immediately and currently
eligible to work (work permit visa) in the UK. References are available on request.
I do hereby declare that above particulars of information and facts stated are true, correct, and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place: London
Date:
Contact this candidate