Martyn Conkling
Tel: 215-***-****
Email: ad7fz3@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/martyn-conkling/ Github: https://github.com/Martyn-Conkling
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Angular
React.js
Svelte
JavaScript/ES6
Node.js
MySQL
HTML/HTML 5
Responsive CSS
Bootstrap Library
Tailwind CSS Library
Python
EXPERIENCE:
Web Development Internship Project Manager - Bay Valley Tech - Modesto, CA 2023 - Present
● Directly managed 50 out of 180 web development interns for BVT and Stanislaus County Workforce Development’s Digital Skills Internship
Web Development Program Director - Bay Valley Tech - Modesto, CA January 2020 - Present
● Co-created and organized Bay Valley Tech Code Academy’s full-stack web-development curriculum with a core team of three other software professionals (HTML, CSS, JS, Angular and React)
● Developed and implemented Bay Valley Tech’s admissions process, directly overseeing the start of six code academy cohorts of 25 - 40 students each
● Personally trained 6 new employees for admissions, instructional, and reporting roles
● Migrated classes from in-person classes to fully remote classes while rapidly scaling the student base by 600% during the Covid-19 pandemic
● Created dozens of automations and process improvements to reduce student intake and recordkeeping time by 80%
Front-End Web Development Instructor - Bay Valley Tech - Modesto, CA January 2020 - Present
● Primary web development instructor for over 400 Bay Valley Tech Code Academy students.
● Taught code academy modules to students covering HTML, CSS, responsive web-design, Bootstrap, JavaScript, basic algorithms and data-structures, intermediate JavaScript, Angular 8.0+ framework, React framework, Express.js, and Node.js.
● Created lesson materials and instructor training materials for instructors and teaching assistants
● Coordinated several teams of students to assist with curriculum improvements and development of additional learning materials.
Front End Web Developer - Ottersoft - Modesto, CA
June 2022 - June 2023
● Re-designed and built an updated EMS shift schedule optimizer application with a team of 4 other Ottersoft Developers using Svelte framework
● Participated in all design and development sprints for the Front-End Application.
● Co-presented project updates to the client dev team with the Ottersoft team
● Identified and corrected UI and functional bugs on the final version of the client project. Software Quality Assurance Intern - Clearwave Software - Modesto, CA June 2019 - December 2019
● Wrote a suite of automated user tests with Cypress.io testing framework for an Angular web-application for import/export management.
Programming & English Tutor - Self Employed - Taipei, Taiwan (R.O.C.) November 2015 - April 2019
● Tutored grade school students (4th - 12th) in Python programming, mathematics, English reading comprehension, conversation skills, and essay writing skills. PROJECTS:49
Dynamic Quizzing Application (In Development)
● Lead Developer on a full-stack quiz building application that allows students and teachers to generate tests and quizzes from customizable templates. Integrates with Anki flashcard data-base Resource Planner Application (Proprietary)
● Re-designed and built an updated EMS shift schedule optimizer application with a team of 5 other Ottersoft web developers using Svelte framework
Ottersoft Internship Project - EMS Incident Report Application (Proprietary)
● Collaborated with a team of 12 interns to design and develop a React web application for EMS incident reporting designed for mobile and desktop views. Angular CRUD Applications
● Collaborated with 100+ BVT Students to create and refactor Angular Web-App final projects.
● Projects were a mixture of quiz applications, journals, blogs, games, and scheduling apps. ConnectingFamilies.global Website
● Project manager and web developer for a non-profit organization website redesign and updates EDUCATION:
Bay Valley Tech - Web Development Internship
● Built intermediate-level JavaScript and Angular 2+ projects under the mentorship of two professional web developers.
● Mentored interns in Bay Valley Tech’s summer 2019, 2-month web-development internship of over 30 participants with 6 other software developer mentors. University of Hawaii at Manoa
● Bachelors of Arts in History
● Political Science Minor
● Graduated Summer 2014
Contact this candidate