FAHEEM ARSHAD
ad7hs3@r.postjobfree.com
Seattle, WA linkedin.com/in/faheem-arshad-532502119
M:929-***-****

Technical Network Engineer

CAREER ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Successful Windows/Linux/Cisco IOS administrator within medical enterprise and big tech settings, led team responsible for Domain Services and 9000+ networked devices.
As the SME engineer on implementation, I’ve consistently collaborated with stakeholders across the organization to deliver strategic hardware, software, network, and unique rollout projects on time and within budget.
Used ServiceNow to develop and implement the current ServiceNow IT Asset Management (ITAM) for devices and ServiceNow IT Operations Management (ITOM) for the IT department.
Within the past year, successfully deployed and configured 2500+ devices and services onto Cisco networks of Routers and Switches and Windows PowerShell, Linux, Cisco IOS Technologies, and Python.
Managed the installation and maintenance of rack stack cabling for Implemented effective cable management strategies, resulting in a 20% reduction in downtime due to connectivity issues.
Install, Configure, and maintain network hardware devices on Cisco switches, routers, access points and similar security technologies like firewalls.
Configured and optimized network equipment, ensuring seamless communication within the data center infrastructure.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to troubleshoot and resolve connectivity issues promptly.
Experience in Network Infrastructure, support and maintenance, performance of Network buildout deployments, Security which includes designing, deployment and providing network support, installation, and analysis for a broad range of SD-WAN, LAN / WAN protocols.
Design and implement new network solutions and/or improving the efficiency of current networks.
Hands-on experience in implementing and troubleshooting L2 Switch technologies such as STP, VTP,802.1q, VLAN.
Conduct network modeling and analysis to construct a reliable, high-performance integrated network.
Knowledge of MS, office 365 environment, ensuring smooth collaboration and communication. Executed troubleshooting problems of Microsoft Windows Operating Systems.
Experience with network elements of OS (JUNOS, NXOS).
Installing and configuring computer hardware, operating system including windows systems and applications.

CERTIFICATION

CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate)

WORK EXPERIENCE

UW Medical Center at Harborview (Excite Health Partners Contract) Seattle, WA
The University of Washington is a public research university in Seattle, Washington. Founded in 1861, approximately a decade after the founding of Seattle, the University of Washington is one of the oldest universities on the West Coast.

Network Engineer June 2024 - Present

Led a team of 4 engineers in testing software capabilities under various conditions, in preparation for University of Washington’s Epic Electronic Health Records (EHR) go-live.
Progressed from helpdesk to hardware deployment, followed by application testing, and ultimately taking on responsibilities as a core engineer.
Quickly learned SQL for project data management, Learned ServiceNow for creating and distributing work tickets for my team
Collaborated with various teams and stakeholders throughout the development and testing phases, achieving a successful staging status for more than 70% of the devices within scope (2,950 of 4,000 devices)
Additional post-launch technical support helping hospital staff familiarize themselves with using Epic Hyperspace EHR as a platform on Windows 7 and Windows 10.
Data center inside wiring, network stacks (Cisco with Red Hat Enterprise Linux), 110 block, connection redundancy, UPS, analyzed network traffic with Nmap and Wireshark
Implemented scheduled changes in production, routing protocol configuration
Ensured seamless end-to-end communication, monitoring, and connection by providing comprehensive support for Cisco Technologies
Led the configuration and implementation of all components in a small business data center migration to hybrid Azure cloud services
Contributed to a large-scale cloud migration project for a leading Seattle-based tech company, where duties included the setup of all infrastructure, hardware, software, and cloud provisioning with Terraform, GitHub
SME for Switching, Routing, ServiceNow (SLA tracking, ticket creation and assignment, and infographics), Cisco ASA firewalls

Con Edison New York
Con Edison's principal business segments are Consolidated Edison Company of New York, a regulated electric, gas, and steam utility, Orange & Rockland Utilities (O&R), a regulated electric and gas utility, and Con Edison Transmission, Inc. Con Edison of New York provides electric service to approximately 3.6 million customers and gas service to approximately 1.1 million customers in New York City and Westchester County. The company also provides steam service in parts of Manhattan. Con Edison Transmission invests in electric and natural gas transmission projects that offer customers access to diverse, low-cost energy supplies.
Network Engineer October 2020 to June 2024

Updated IP Helper address on IOS supported devices and DHCP relay agent on nexus devices.
I have great knowledge and am proficient in Scripting of PowerShell for task automation, system administration and process of optimization.
Operated in Administration of L2 technologies like VLANs, VTP, Trunking, RPVST, Inter-VLAN routing, Ether channeling, and Switch port Security on Access Layer switches.
Responsible for planning, deploying, and operating new Software Defined Networking (SDN).
I have great knowledge and am proficient in Scripting of PowerShell for task automation, system administration and process of optimization.
Managed fast L3 switched/routed LAN/ SD WAN infrastructure as a part of Network Team Configured RIPv2, BGP and OSPF routing.
Advanced proficiency in Python scripting for diverse applications, routine tasks for increasing operational efficiency including data analysis, wed scripting and automation.
All Models of Laptop Configures, Hardware Troubleshooting, networking protocols like RADIUS, SNMP, SYSLOG and TACACS.
Implemented network security including NAT, ACL, VPN on Cisco/Juniper firewalls.
Design, Install, Configure, Maintain, and troubleshoot VOIP (SIP) servers, infrastructure, and applications.
Major duties included Configuration of routing protocols such as EIGRP, OSPF, BGP& switching protocols like STP, VLANs and VTP, DNS, DHCP, IPSEC.
Configured PVSTP+ for loop prevention and VTP for Inter-VLAN Routing.
Deploying and troubleshooting internetworking such as OSPF, EIGRP, DNS, DHCP, RIP, IPSEC, BGP, Cisco Fabric Extender (FEX), STP, VLAN, VSAN, HSRP, MPLS - VPN, Site-to-Site VPN, Gre Tunnel
Computeronic’s System Inc. Yonkers (New York)
Managed Service Provider (MSP’S) November 2019 to October2020
Experience using ticketing systems to log, track, and manage support requests, such as: ServiceNow.
Utilize SCCM's monitoring and reporting capabilities to track the status of deployments, software updates, and client health.
Generate reports to analyse data on software and hardware inventory, compliance, and usage patterns.
Responding to support requests via phone, email, or ticketing system.
Diagnosing and resolving technical issues for end-users.
Installing, configuring, and maintaining hardware and software.
Collaborating with other IT teams to escalate and resolve complex issues.
Providing training and assistance to users.
Excellent communication skills and the ability to provide clear instructions and guidance to end-users.
Patience and empathy when dealing with users experiencing technical difficulties.
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple support requests efficiently.
Strong problem-solving abilities and logical thinking to diagnose and resolve technical issues effectively.
Methodical approach to problem-solving and ability to follow troubleshooting procedures.
Using different applications to make work more efficient using tools of SnagIt (screen capturing tool), Strong ability to send tickets to team via outlook.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

BACHELOR’S IN SCIENCE AND TECNOLOGY PUNJAB UNIVERSITY
2016
ISLAMABAD, PAKISTAN
Contact this candidate