Richard Katz (ad7k1a@r.postjobfree.com, ad7k1a@r.postjobfree.com, https://www.linkedin.com/in/richardkatz/)
Summary
Richard is a seasoned professional data engineer and software developer with experience with Spark, Pandas, Airflow. He is also an experienced software engineering architect with group leading expertise. He has 10 years of data engineering including medical devices, cloud - configurations, and deployment including AWS EMR and Databricks, and SOA Microservices. I am strongly based on SQL with 20 years. 12 years of Java/JEE/Spring, 10 years Python plus Spark, PySpark, Flask, Django and Anaconda plus C/C++ and assembly. As a lead, in analytics I work i with developers to solve their problems and to improve the architectures. I am an experienced project leader with 8 years of team management.

SUMMARY
●I am currently working on a Python Mathematics project: PyMath. It incorporates SymPy, Z3/OCAML, SciPy and combined with Spark, Torch. I consider and address the scalability and performance issues that we encountered in finite element math and use similar solutions to helps to address computation and performance issues in the machine learning and AI venues.
●I worked directly in MLOps experience using both Azure Databricks and AWS PySpark. On GCP I am Google trained in general.
●For applications: I work with Python, SQL, Java, Spark with HDFS, Pandas, Airflow, and Jupyter Labs, Colab plus additionally with Scala, C/C++ and a variety of other tools.
●My background includes both work as data engineer for 10 years, plus as a general software developer. And SQL developer. I have built RESTful API microservices both in Python/Flask and Java/JEE.
●With 10 years of project team lead experience, I learned from the best. I infuse groups with leadership, design, architecture and specialist work also sharing the vision and design and helping bring people on board. As project team leader I have both led teams of up to 7 developers, also led multiple projects. And contributed to transform department technology. I have contributed planning, budgeting, and performance review.
●I have worked as a project team leader and project planner. I trained originally for this with upper management at Bechtel.
●I have also worked as a software architect, technical specialist, performance engineer and security specialist.
●I have extensive worked in API service environments and dealing with security and privacy. I have worked in OWASP security groups at UC, and Wells Fargo. I have also built and designed and trained people in building Rest Applications such as are required for Patient privacy. I have done installation and setup for CI/CD, Jenkins and have setup add new CI/CD environments.

Assignment Experience by Category:
●Programming (25+ years): Python (10) Java (14) Scala (4) Fortran (10) C/C++ (2) ALC (4) OCAML(1)
●Data engineering (10 Years): ETL, Repository Architecture, MLOps(5), BI (4), AL (1)
●SQL Developer (20 Years): Oracle, DB2, MSSQL, PostgreSQL, Snowflake, SQLite, AWS-RDS. DBase/VFP and SQL Procedures
●Cloud-based Development and deployment: (5 years) includes: AWS/EMR/PySpark, GCP, and Azure Databricks and Azure Data factory.
●Microservices Infrastructure Architect (6 years) both Java/JEE and Python.
●Information Security (5 years) OWASP security teams.

Highlights:
●Current project: PyMath. Provide Python Mathematics solutions fod data engineers. Project uses SymPy, Z3/OCAML and PySpark to develop and optimize solutions for Python such as data engineering, and taking advantage of GPU and intensive computing.
● 5 Years of MLOps: in 8 years of data engineering. Spark (EMR, Databricks) work with all static (Hadoop) solvers:: Map Reduce, NLP plus the Spark TensorFlow and Torch and Karas based solutions also Dimensional Design plus ETL, Pipelines. Applications include
●Designed and built successful SOA microservices systems at Wells Fargo and UC Berkeley: Won UC Chancellors Award. Led building of UC Course Management. System.
●Tech lead UC intro of Java/JEE Stack, UC Ready, Course Management, and Cal-Trans prep. Tech lead on: Bechtel Pipe Stress. USPS JEE and Wells Fargo Business Process. Led UC-LBL Cal-Trans prep project w/ Spark Databricks.
●10 years Python including Spark, Pandas, Flask and Django. 6 years SOA Microservices. 20 years of SQL. 12 years Java/JEE, 3 years Scala. Tech specialist working with Spark Context

Skill Summary: Capability Overview

Data Engineering
●Data Engineering and MLOps (10 years): specifically with Databricks, EMR, Spark, PySpark, R, Scala, Pandas with Modin/Dask, Ray, Jupyter and Colab, ETL, SQL, Spark/SQL, NoSQL, Dashboards, Complete configuration and deployment of Spark on AWS EMR, Databricks, S3, Pandas and Spark DataFrames, RDD,MLlib, TensorFlow, Torch,
● MLOps My Early Training included all the static algorithms: Map Reduce, NLP and speed-up techniques like Quantization and Parallel Operation. Later at Autodesk I worked with Hive and HDFS
●Graphics in Python and Other: Bokeh, I have used numerous Python based systems, MathPlotLib, JupyterLab iPyWidgets, Parquet, JSON, CSV, ProtoBuf, ROLAP/BI. I have work is in medical, financial, ISO 9000
Project Leadership
●I have led projects for Bechtel, UC Berkeley, Wells Fargo,I have managed team development teams, I am Trained in EEO and AA Interviewing and Hiring, I have done Project Funding, Forecasting and Budgeting, Performance Evaluation, I have performed Project planning and cost benefit analysis. Employee Engagement. I have worked with numerous methodologies including SDLC: RUP, UP, SDM, and ITIL
Security
●I have experience in application security both with Python, and with Java/JEE
Analytics, ML Scientific Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)
●Spark MLib Machine Learning algorithms, random forest, K-Means. Also worked on Spark/PySpark KPI study using Hive data where we produced KPIs dealing with enormous big data pull (7 hours long) to determine how fast regional data was coming in I have also worked with NumPy, Numba,, SciPy, SymPy.
●Mathematics and Scientific programming: Structural Engineering, Finite element analytics, response spectrum analysis, led structural engineering programming group, SymPy, Z3 and OCAML.
●Statistics – Statistics based projects using SQL and Spark, Pandas ML study for California Dept. Trans.
●SOA: SOAP Web services (5 years), JSON, REST, JMS: IBM MQ Distributor, Apache ActiveMQ, IBM BPEL orchestration, parallel processing, transformations, and message routing Apache Camel, Apache CXF, Fuse ESB, Architecture, design planning, development and testing of integrated message processing applications in a SOA environment. Apache HTTP Client, WSDL, SOAP, JAX-WS, JAXP, JAXB, JXPath, SAAJ, XML, XSL, XSD, JAAS, SSO, Quartz.
Languages and Application Server
●Python: 3.10, 3.9 –2.7 Flask, Django, ORM, Pandas, and latest Jupyter (iPython), PyWidgets, SQLAlchemy, DB-API, psycopg2, PyMySQL, SQLLite3, JSON, PySpark, Boto3, data classes, http client, Numba, Numpy, bs4, LXML,.
●Java JEE/Scala, Tomcat, JBoss, WebLogic, WebSphere: Spring Integration, Multi-thread, JPA, Hibernate, ORM Process Choreographer NES, GWT, and Struts systems with multiple entry points, Spring Security, Session Management, ThreadLocal, ADF/JSF. Entire J2EE platform: JPA, Hibernate, JDBC, JMS, RMI, JNDI, Velocity. Worked with the Scala language Scala-Spark, Akka and Lift.
●C, C++, Assembler, Fortran, Prolog, MATLAB, SymPy. JavaScript:(8 years) JS programming, Prototype, JQuery
Platforms
●(4 years) Cloud: AWS: Complete configuration and deployment: EMR, EC2, S3, RDS, Docker, Databricks, Google Cloud Platform (GCP).
●Desktop: Microsoft Office: Excel, Word, VB/VBA, Visio, Lucid, PC, Mac. Linux
Data Base and Object Relational
●SQL (18 years), Oracle PL/SQL, PostgreSQL, SQL Server, MySQL, DB2, Sybase, Domain modeling, query optimization. DB Normalization, ORM: JPA, Hibernate, JXPath. SQL Alchemy, Django ORM Spring JDBC. SQL Alchemy, FoxPro.
●Famlliar with recent SQL-based systems: Snowflake and Single Store (MemSQL).
●NoSQL: Direct work with Memcached, Redis, MongoDB, Lucene, DB4O, Elastic Search
Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence (BI) Tools (OLAP)
●Multi-dimensional Data modelling.
●Experience with up STAR Schema.
●Use of BI tools: Essbase, Looker, Tableau, (plus Jupyter plus Databricks)
DevOps
●I have set up and maintained CI/CD including Jenkins and on multiple projects,
●OS Support. JEE set up Maven/Nexus/Spring Boot, VMs for Ubuntu, Red Hat, CentOS. Docker, Vagrant, Chef, Docker Built SAAS systems
●Have worked with and set up Git, SVN, ClearCase, Perforce, Piper, CVS, PCVS, Jenkins, SourceSafe.
●Assisted developers in maintaining of IDEs: Eclipse, IntelliJ, Sublime, Visual Studio WSAD-IE, JDeveloper, TSO/ISPF

Performance Optimization
●Built speed enhancements to Spark and for finite element solvers.
●Server mainframe performance analysis,
●Recode in C++ and Assembly language, benchmarking.
●SQL query optimization.
Security
●Application Security: Participated in OWASP groups,
●Network AppSec, Spring Security, Single Sign-on, SAML
Training and Publishing
●I have a background in publishing including work with McGraw-Hill and with Sperry. I am currently working on a Python-based Mathematica l Tool set using much of the software listed above.
Professional Work Summary
DataEngArch.com Nov 2021- to present
MLOps Architect
●2/2023-6/2023 Data Engineering Industry Architectural Overview. Architectural overview of the entire data engineering and MLOps industry. Trained models using Mlflow on Data bricks & Orchestrated ML pipelines using Airflow. Experiment tracking, model registry & model monitoring is done using Mlflow.

●2/2024 to present. PyMath project. Architecting of data engineering and using Math tools like SymPy, Z3 OCAML, and Graphics to improve performance and enhance user experience.
Uses Python and Java environments for data engineering Python 3.10, 3.11, 3.12, Spark 3.5 PostgreSQL, Java 8, Scala 3.2 PySpark, using SymPy with Torch, Anaconda, Jupyter, Colab with Polars/Modin/Pandas
Google (InfoObjects) via info objects, San jose,ca May 2021- to Oct 2021
Map Data Architect
●Modernize geographic data platform on GCP and Python 3. Built data graphics application Flask in new Python 3 infrastructure Worked on conversion of application from previous Python 2/6/2.7 to current 3,7 and upgrading documents for client.
Python 3.7, GCP, Google App Engine, GCloud, on Chrome Remote Desktop (CRD)
LoanPal, direct contract, Northern California Dec 2019-Jan 2020
Technical Data Architect
●Set up Spark data analytics application in Scala. Set up data aggregation system using Airflow and CI/CD system using Jenkins.
Autodesk via rose international, SAN FRANCISCO Sep 2018-Apr 2019
Senior Data Engineer (MLOps)
●Worked on Spark/ PySpark, Data analytics on AWS EMR, and on EC2 backend Flask, SQL-Alchemy system.
●Designed validation & metrics evaluation framework for MLOps.
●Built Spark internal Agent Key Performance Indicators (KPI) agent in PySpark. Autodesk needed to find out how fast the data was coming in. The agent tracked data acquisition. It also output KPIs to an EC2 instance that I implemented in PHP.
●Deployed Spark deployment to EMR using dynamic deployment with Docker. Configured and deployed Airflow. Wrote KPI output to Aurora (AWS MySQL). Wrote and deployed data graphics display using a PHP program using Google Charts,
●Implemented and developed the MLFlow for the ML models.
●Also Designed implemented SQL Alchemy Query Group based on Amazon Athena that handled User Subscription and Pay-Per-Use Account Product Usage: Improved SQL- Alchemy MySQL back end: added user selectable query feature. Did Docker deployment for Chalice (Flask) application on EC2. Upgraded architecture document using Lucid Chart. Built TDD Unit Tests and Continuous Integration Tests: Unit Test To do this I did complete configuration and deployment of both EMR and EC2.
PySpark and Python 3.6, on AWS, with Docker, EMR/EC2, Spark/PySpark, Spark 2.4., Java 8, Spark SQL, Spark-JDBC, S3, Parquet, Aurora, MySQL, EC2, Google Charts, Bulk load, Boto3, Lambda, SQL Alchemy, MySQL, Aurora, Magic Mock, Patch, Jupyter, Eclipse, Python, Visual Code
Stanford University,(fulltime), Palo Alto Nov 2017 to Apr 2018
Senior Software Engineer
●Designed and implemented Email Alert processing system converting existing Perl program to Python. Especially worked with end users at Stanford Hospital.
●Implemented DevOps JIRA, Addressed issues using ServiceNow
●Worked to make Email program both Python 3.6 and 2.7 compatible. The original Perl used Regex extensively and lacked a menu-driven method to identify types of email. I wrote special Regex functions that returned multiple values so as to modularize and I used a Dict with else to create a proper menu. Produced output in JSON and wrote to MongoDB Document the conversion in detail on Git using Sphinx
●Education Training: Received AWS Certification. Trained in and earned Amazon Web Services (AWS) Certification .
Debian Linux, bastion host, Python 2.7, Python 3.6, Perl 5, Sphinx, Email, Pip, Nose, PyLint, PyTest, flake8, PyMongo, JSON, click, MongoDB, AWS.

University of California (fulltime), Berkeley Jan 2009 to June 2017
Lead Software and Data Engineer
●Tech lead introducing the Java/JEE/Springs stack at UC Berkeley coordinating with a multi-university effort the Kuali project, a joint project with UC, MIT and other universities.
●This led introduction of Java SOA microservice architecture systems with the Kuali Ready project. Kuali Ready became a guide post for other universities implementing new Java/JEE architecture.
●Designed and built the UC Course Management System using Elastic Search with Java/JEE.
●Led the implementation of Jenkins.
●Worked with application security team and assisted with JIRA and application management tools, ANS 522 training. Consulted with Dawn Song of CS on secure healthcare data transfer using REST.
●Also responsible for introducing Python architecture to Student Services based on the student created Schedule Builder Django application.
●Work in Network Security to address issues.
●Consulted with Comp Sci professor to focus patient privacy in SOA API based data exchange.
●Education Training: Databricks. Took complete 15 week University of California Masters class in Databricks and Spark and earned an A for the course.
●MLOps and Data Engineer: Worked in Azure with Azure Databricks and Azure Data Factory tools to load data into Spark.
●During this I worked with and led training of new LBL team to getting them started using Spark analytics
ITIL: Took certification.
● I additionally studied and consulted with UC Davis Professor Norm Matloff on Spark using his his favorite took,- the R language.
JEE, Java 6, 7, 8. 9, GWT, Spring Framework, Spring Security, Spring Java Database/JDBC, Spring Boot, Lucene, Jenkins, Hudson, Nexus, Jasper, CAS, Installed Elastic Search, Shibboleth, Tomcat, SOA Workflow, Scala, Python, R, Django, Memcached, Oracle, Spark, PySpark, PostgreSQL, Maven, IntelliJ, Rake, Maven, Jenkins, Nexus, Mac OS.X, Anaconda, Jupyter, Spark, PySpark, Pandas, NumPy, Numba, Matplotlib, Bokeh, DB-API, psycopg2, Virtual Box, Vagrant, Windows, Ubuntu, CENT OS Red Hat, PeopleSoft.
Pythology, Pacifica, CA Sep 2008-Jan 2009
Author / Industry Writer
Publishing industry information about the Java-based software industry on a website, JavaSkyline. Covered much of the Java development en

Wells Fargo San Francisco(contract), CA Nov 2006 to Sep 2008
Platform Senior Software Architect and Engineer
●Designed and built successful SOA API message driven microservices systems:
●With Wells Fargo Alerts Team: Designed and built integration with existing SOA financial services. As tech lead, designed and architected processing for the Alerts platform and its SOA interaction SOA integration for Customer Notification Authoring System. Implemented scalable parallel processing high- performance environment with Web and JMS integrated architecture using Identify and resolve Web and e-mail security issues using Fortify. Design code and implement new user tool (Julius) to design customized content with expanded domain model to reduce service alert cost: for customer banking messages. Implemented 2FA, DKIM solutions..
●Also provided architectural long-range planning to corporate team. Coordinate work between Alerts Team and other development teams. Develop domain object, model, and described business use cases
WebLogic 8.1, 9.0, WebSphere MQ/MQI, J2EE, JMS, Spring, Velocity/Ajax Hibernate, Oracle 10i, Toad, Web services, Hermes, MQJ-Explorer, JUnit, Solaris Unix, MyEclipse, Ant, Sparx Enterprise Architect, Toad, ERWin, JDK 1.4, 5.
Charles Schwab(contract), San Francisco, CA Apr 2006 - Oct 2006
Senior Engineer/ Developer
●Employee Stock Purchase Program. Build J2EE Applications in Java, Struts, Hibernate, Swing, Web services, for WebLogic, Oracle. Clarify use cases and UI Specs. Write component specifications in UML 2.0.
WebLogic Oracle, Ruby on, Rails, Web services, Hibernate, Ant, Linux.
Ingenuity Systems, Redwood City, CA Jan 2006 - Mar 2006
Software Architect
●Short software architecture project in Java/JEE on ontology-based bio-informatics systems, knowledge base and ontological and software.
Spring, ACEGI, Hibernate, iBatis, POJO framework, Ant, Maven, Protégé, Eclipse, Swing, YWorks, Oracle 9i, UML, Sparx, JUnit, ER Studio, Python.
Wells Fargo, San Francisco, CA (contract) Sep 2004 to Nov 2005
EBAM SOA BPEL Business Process Engineer
●Defined and built technical architecture and led the implementation team l of 4 to to implement IBM-based BPEL API and message-based solutions, We worked with the IBM development and implementation teams directly. I organized business process analysis and Led design, illustration, and implementation to set up BPM based business process message routing solutions for the bank, including a design of special monitoring for claims-fraud management.
●We created proof-of-concepts, and BP prototypes, and the actual implementation. Defined the integrations, design methods, development methods, target architecture for SOA BPEL solutions using IBM WBI-SF Process Choreographer. Documented integration architecture including JMS and Web Service integrations with MQ series, mainframe systems, and, Microsoft-based Web Services.
●We designed high-performance scalable engineering solutions for business and systems using UML 2.0, BPMN and BPEL tools with design patterns in WebSphere Process Choreographer integration applications WSADIE 5.1 J2EE JAX-RPC, BPEL and Web Services, WSDL and XSD through complete life cycle, end-to-end testing, Q/A, and production. Designed for SOAP fault handlers, logging handlers, process-to-process integration, and XML schema validation and implemented overall BPEL and Java/J2EE workflows.
IBM WebSphere 5.1.1, Linux Cluster, MQ Series, DB2, WSADIE 5.1, WBI-SF, BPEL, J2EE, EJB, WSDL, SOAP, XSD (XML Schema), UML, BPMN, Sparx Enterprise Architect, JAX-RPC, SAAJ, SoapScope, XML Spy, Andromeda, Hibernate, Maven, Axis, Tomcat, Linux, Eclipse, ClearCase.
USPS via Northrop Grumman, San Mateo, CA July 2003 to Aug 2004
Tech Lead and Architect
●I was a tech lead, officially architect for a multi-team WebSphere project. As result of work and proposal with Northrop, San Mateo center become the central focus of WebSphere projects for the USPS. Lead multiple software projects and designed architecture for Web-based and Web Service systems using MDA-based modeling with Java Spring and database
●As team leader I supervised multiple 3 to 5 person groups for and as architectural resource designed applications for WebSphere. Provided instructions and assignments using Agile methods. With the group, design, model, prototype, and develop J2EE Web and Web Service applications using Struts, Spring framework with Oracle 9i and DB2. Analyze and prototype integrated enterprise retail payment system. Produced models and design documents for WebSphere apps – UML, XMI and other tools. Work with IBM to analyze WAS deployment, single-sign-on, and XML-based Web Services.
●Trained of USPS staff in J2EE, WSADIE, Struts and Web Service technologies and UML tools.
●Implemented CVS change control with WebSphere WSAD 5.0 and 5.1, and defined security realms page protection, roles, and sign-on mapping for WebSphere applications Developed USPS management plans for security, and disaster recovery and multi -system Active Directory single-sign-on solution
J2EE 1.4/1.3 Spring, Struts 1.1, JAX-RPC, JDBC, EJB, JSP, XML, XSL, XSL-FO, Apache Axis WebSphere/WSAD 5.0., 5.1, Eclipse UML, Tomcat, JDeveloper, MetaMill, Visio, Describe, UML 1.5-2.0, SPF, DB2 7.1, Oracle 9i PL/SQL, MQ Series, Axis, FOP, Krysalis Barcode4J, Ant, Quartz, -WAS-RBAC, Active Directory, Oblix, CVS. Retail accounts payable, weighing and rating, logistics.
SBCGlobal, San Ramon, CA May 2002 - Nov 2002
Front-End Developer
●Design and implement High-volume on-line Web tool for SBC Yahoo! DSL service conversion/provisioning, Build JSP/J2EE/IBM WebSphere 4.0 Design, develop implement Web-based tool in J2EE: JSP to EJB interface, MVC architecture, flow control manager using, Bean-based components, extensive JavaScript, DHTML, HTTP Design Web application using MVC and DTO design patterns. Application design. Train other developers on WSAD, ADO Oracle 9i.
WebSphere 4.0, WSAD 4.02, CORBA, JSP, JavaScript, ASP, JDeveloper, Perl, Dreamweaver Oracle 9i, BMC Patrol, Tomcat, Macromedia Dreamweaver, Perl, DHTML, Win 2000, Solaris, JacORB, CORBA
Java Skyline, Pacifica, CA Aug 2001 to Mar 2003
Editor-in-chief

●I created and managed an industry tracking website, JavaSkyline.com: Tracked major advances in Java/JEE JMS, APIs, JDBC platforms. The website listed and gave overviews for manufacturers of Java/JEE related systems including JDBC drivers, databases, JEE Servers, API and SOA development.
●Write articles and maintain industry magazine for Java Software Engineering. Studied and track industry news about the Software field, the J2EE and Web Service platforms. Develop technical info on: SOA, UML, WS-BPEL. Develop J2EE developer tutorial solutions and training guides for J2EE, Web Services and IDEs
Worked with WebSphere, WebLogic, JBoss.org, Tomcat, Axis, Java, J2EE, Web services, UML, XML
Mpath/HearMe, Mountain View, CA Jun 1999 to Aug 2001
Team Leader and Lead J2EE Architect.
●Supervised two groups of 1 and 3 developers to construct a J2EE service management infrastructure, Network Management, and Message based JMS Billing integration. Assess product development platform, NMS and SNMP solutions. SNMP.
Designed service architecture and J2EE business platform for of IP Telecom/Telephony product. Architectural network designs for Voice network with Cisco switches for HearMe Voice Sever solutions. Architectural design including Web-based workflow and J2EE deployment business architecture.
●Developed SNMP. Wrote Enterprise MIB. Integrated with SNMP products including DDRI ExAgent, Solstice, MS-SNMP, HP OpenView, Castlerock to run on Windows, Solaris. Architecture presentation materials for OSS CDR processing for voice solutions.
Linux, Solaris, NT, J2EE, EJB/ Servlet/JMS, JSP, Perl, Ant, GCC/Sun C++, LDAP, JBoss, AWT GIF/JPG conversion, WebLogic, Python, JProbe, Together, Rational, IntelliJ, JBuilder, Excel VBA, JavaScript, XSLT, IE 5 Oracle, Sybase, DB2, MS SQL.
Amdahl Corporation, Sunnyvale CA 1998-1999
Data Engineer: ETL Developer Architect
●Developed data extraction and data warehousing BI solution for Corporate Performance Analytics. Built extraction system using Amdahl Object-Star (Huron), FoxPro and SQL to extract and wrangle data from various sources. Built data extractions from Amdahl source data using their ETL system, and DB2 database used SQL queries written in Object-Star and FoxPro. Loaded data from Object-Star into Essbase (now known as Oracle OLAP, a BI tool) from which business intelligence cubes were created. Used Essbase to generate, build, and email Microsoft Excel workbooks.
Amdahl, DB2, SQL, Object-Star, Essbase, FoxPro, Excel
Mortgage Information Corporation, San Francisco, CA 1/1997- 8/1997
Data Engineer
●Designed and built data engineering ETL pipeline system to collect and organize data for mortgage industry from various sources to create Mortgage Datawarehouse .
SQL, Visual FoxPro, Windows.
InsWeb, San Mateo, CA 1996 (6 months)
C/C++ Programmer
●Built electronic Vehicle Rating Engine using C and C++.
●Additionally took over Expert system written by Lee Fesperman that performed Policy Underwriting
Microsoft C, C++, SQL, SQL Server, Visual Basic
Guidant Cardiac Pacemakers (now Boston Scientific), Saint Paul, MN 1994-1996 1.5 years
Data Engineer
●ETL data engineering produced FDA Clinical Trial Regulatory Reporting: Statistics for Guidant Tachycardia team We built and maintained Clinical Data Extraction system. We extracted data from multiple sources: Hospital, Patient, Intake, Doctor, Device, Operation, Observations, Complications, follow-up.
●Organized Electronic Medical Records. We created the SQL-based data repository and worked with statistics analysts to produce required FDA reports. We built SQL scripts and schemas and to load this data into a relational database, I wrote analytical queries to produce and match reports by statisticians for the FDA.
●We ran analysis to help statisticians determine the patient prognosis and risks of life-threatening and/or device failure.
●We used SQL to create and generate statistical reports on Device Efficacy, patient survival probability FDA clinical reports. Overall this required about 200 SQL Queries were required per clinical trial study

Sperry Rand Unisys, St Paul, MN
Technical Publication Editor
●Editing of technical books for Sperry Unisys
Osborne /McGraw Hill, Berkeley, CA
Book Editor, Technical Books
Edited and revised Adam Osborne’s Business Systems Buyer’s Guide. On computer and software industry marketing analytics. Reported to Martin McNiff, McGraw-Hiill. Marty hired me because I had strong knowledge of the computer field. This work turned into a life-long interest in computer technology. It is what caught my and remains a great interest of mine.
Bechtel Corp/Bechtel Power Division, San Francisco, CA
Project Leader and Senior Engineering Programmer
●Led highly successful and recognized engineering programmer team for ME101 Pipe Stress analysis of 4 to 6 programmers. ME101 is far faster than its predecessor ME632 and it still in use today. ME101 was built UC Structural Analysis Program by Jurgen Bathe to which we added higher speed bandwidth solver. using high and low-level code.
●I wrote analytic engineering programs, and led team of engineering programmers to validated structural and mechanical engineering programs Fortran and Assembly Language on Univac 1100-40. The group consisted of 4-6 engineering programmers and required mathematical, programming, and engineering skills. I wrote code in Fortran and Assembly language.
●The program analyzed structural risks, safety and integrity of piping system. It looked at the stresses and strains on the piping systems. We reported to both Bechtel Corp and Bechtel Power Division. I worked directly with and reported to Pipe Stress Engineering and advised both pipe stress and structural engineering groups in Bechtel Power.
●Organized and conducted hiring interviews and advised my manager on hiring and evaluation of job performance of programming
●Provided and Managed Tech Support for Pipe Stress Engineering Users.
Fortran, Basic, Assembly Language, OS 1100 for U-1110.
Education:
●BA, Syracuse University, Sociology, Math/Science.
●Graduate: I have 28 hours of masters level course work in CS (Computer Science) with straight A’s. This includes 16 hours at University of California: Finite Element Analysis, Java Database (JDBC), Databricks Spark (with Keras, TensorFlow and Torch) plus Business system software, and 12 hours at in American University MA program with Operations Research, Simulation and modeling, Computer systems This includes Operations Research, Simulation and Modeling, Finite Element Analysis Program (Berkeley), Databricks Apache Spark, JEE/JDBC.
●Additional post-graduate courses also include 3 hours Artificial Intelligence with Peter Norvig and Sebastian Thrun at Stanford (97 on final) 6 hours of Statistics and 6 hours of Economics at Golden Gate University, and 12 hours of Independent Film with innovator, Sandra Davis of Canyon Cinema at John F. Kennedy
Industry Education
●AWS Certificate: AWS Technical Essentials (Stanford), SANS Security, OWASP, ITIL (Berkeley). TDD (Wells Fargo) Java Refactoring, Management Training, Fluid Mechanics Programming (Bechtel), Large Scale and Real Time Systems, (Unisys)
●OWASP Security Seminar Series (UC Berkeley)
Courses and presentations Delivered
●Optimization of Scientific Program Performance (Bechtel Engineering), Scala Actors (Berkeley IST), Spreadsheets for Business (InfoWorld), Servlets & JDBC (Amdahl IT), Implementing Applications in IBM WebSphere (USPS IT), SQL OOP with VFP (Cardiac Pacemakers), Using Cookie-Cutter at BayPiggies (Python Software Foundation)
Sperry Rand Unisys, Washington DC
Technical Support
●Provided tech support for Sperry customers on Univac products including the 1100 Series and the 9000 Series. Worked in IBM Assembly Language, RPG, Univac Assembler and Fortran

Contact Information
Richard Katz
415-***-****
2160 Manchester Road
San Leandro, CA 94578
415-***-****
Contact this candidate