Angeles Liu LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/angeles-wj-liu/ Tel: 972-***-**** ad7n0e@r.postjobfree.com QUALIFICATION SUMMARY
AWS Solution Architect certified in cloud-based environment knowledge, business analytics, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills through Agile methodology in various industries. Working across different modules to create data pipelines, troubleshoot issues, and develop solutions. WORK EXPERIENCES & ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Digital Forest Technologies: Hybrid
Data Engineer II June 2021 – June 2024
● Acting as the main key and only one support in data engineering for the business intelligence (BI) operations team with extensive support with DBAs and different teams across functions and regions.
● Responsible for building and maintaining data pipelines, ensuring efficient data flow and integration across all departments by owning Apache NiFi nodes cluster with end-to-end support with linux-based command line.
● Architecting scalable and reliable data pipelines from various types of systems and open source (Apache NiFi, Ubuntu, RedHat, Elasticsearch, Kibana, Logstash, Kafka, Python, Airflow).
● Migrating on-premises infrastructure to cloud environments with Amazon Web Services (AWS) integration, optimizing performance and scalability while ensuring data security and compliance.
● Elevating existing flows with new technologies and building prototypes for continuous improvements.
● Leading with principles of source control, infrastructure, testing, modularity, automation, CI/CD, and observability. CBRE: Remote
HR Data Analyst Feb 2021 – Aug 2021
● Performed ad-hoc, strategic analysis of structured and unstructured data across multiple data sources, reflecting global real estate markets and the operations of real estate assets.
● Identified and troubleshooting data integration and integrity issues in cooperation with the appropriate CBRE business units.
● Utilized programming and analytical tools, including SSIS, Tableau, SQL, Oracle, and other similar relational database tools to formulate models and/or extract insights. BNY Mellon: Dallas-Fort Worth, TX
Business Analyst Jan 2019 – Jan 2021
● Built automated workflow and managed system requirements between the business and the software development team that saved 80% of time.
● Gathered, analyzed, documented, and validated the needs of the business stakeholders.
● Conducted testing for systems functions and data migration with real-time interfaces.
● Analyzed user requirements, workflows, case management and organizational procedures to improve existing systems and support user interface and business requirements. Wistron: Dallas-Fort Worth, TX
Data Analyst Aug 2018 – Dec 2018 & Material Planner Assistant Dec 2017 – July 2018
● Executed in-depth data and provided weekly analysis reports for the America Sales Operations team. ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS
M.S., Business Analytics: UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT DALLAS TX, USA 2018 Eligibility: Eligible to work in the U.S. with no restrictions
Contact this candidate