MOHAMMAD S MIRZA
ad7psu@r.postjobfree.com
+1-732-***-****
PROFILE:
I am a hardworking and dedicated 2nd or 3rd Line Support Engineer with a passion for growing both personally and professionally. I have a “can-do” attitude, I have great perseverance until found a solution to a problem and I have practical knowledge of both software programs and hardware systems. I would like to utilize my skills and experience to become a valuable asset to your organization.
I worked in the DATA CENTER with Hines AAF Morgan Stanley, Field Nation, and Servercomp Inc. New installation
(server, switch, router, etc) changing NIC, motherboard, DIMM, HHD, SSD, or troubleshooting their devices. With Dell installing new devices iDRAC update, and IP address as designed. SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES:
Good Technical knowledge, Logical Thinking, and Great Problem-Solving Skills. Effective communicator, and Team Player.
Very Good in multi-tasking, and time management, and remain flexible and adaptable to any dynamic work environment. Excellent interpersonal skills in communications and client relations. Ability to collaborate with team members and liaise with customers were required to deliver complex technical solutions. TECHNICAL SKILLS WITH:
Firewalls: Palo Alto Networks NGF
SonicWALL SOHO250
Networking: CISCO Routers, Switches, TCP/IP, IPv4, IPv6, DHCP, DNS, NAT/PAT, SNMP, POP3, IMAP, VPN, ACCESS
Control List (ACL), HSRP, VRRP, Load Balancing, Net Flows.
Routing:
Knowledge and understanding of routing protocols
i.e., OSPF, EIGRP.
Switching: VLAN, STP, Frame relay, VTP.
Virtualization: VMware ESXi Server 6, Microsoft Hyper-V. Networking Monitoring: Spice Works PRTG
Security Protocols: IPSec, SSL, SSH, RADIUS, TACAS+ VPN: Global Protect SSL VPN, IPSec.
2 Factor Authentications, OKTA
Microsoft Servers: Windows 10, Active Directory, LDAP, DNS, File Server PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Feb 2024 to Till Date
Field Nation:
733 Marquette Ave, S Ste 800, Minneapolis, Minnesota, 55402 Network Support Consultant:
Site Survey for new equipment (installation for Servers, Switches Aps). Visit different Data Centers for installation, update, and troubleshoot devices. Rack and un-rack devices. Install ethernet cables and fiber cables.
Install Cisco Phones, ATA, and cabling.
Change motherboard Laptop / Server / Desktop.
Troubleshoot power/network connection to all media players. Telecom/ VOIP Phone Installation, Testing, and troubleshooting. Rack and de-rack Servers, Switches, Firewalls, AP. Blue Screen problem.
Win 10 Upgrade project back-office PC.
Cloning the hard drive and installing it back.
Project, install new WIN 10 for Walgreens.
Install Edition RAM.
Responsibilities:
Execute field and mobility driving test cases for development and MR projects. Worked with management to develop more efficient ways of presenting lab data. Setup the devices in lab as designed documents.
Prepare devices for testing in the field (software, applicable test tools, etc). Create new test routes or revise existing infra based on new network features and changes. Report defects and draft issues on PLM for review and registration. Report daily detailed field test results.
September 2023 to Feb 2024
Dell:
Service Delivery Engineer:
Physical Installation Power-Storage
Physical Installation Power-Edge.
Physical Installation Pole-Vault.
Assign a new IP address
Update BIOS, Firmware, etc.
Update Firmware, iDRAC, etc. to the latest available. Windows Server Installation.
Responsibilities:
I am visiting different locations and installing Dell Servers physically and cable them. RAID1, and RAID5 HD, configured their IP address, and assigned IP addresses for iDRAC. Responsible for maintaining all lab computers as well as performing software updates. Assisted in developing spreadsheets to present finalized data to clients. May 2023 to September 2023
Hines AAF Morgan Stanley:
800 Secaucus Road, Secaucus, NJ 07094
NOC Technician:
Monitors different devices and Network
Entry Data for devices.
Cabling on the Patch Manager.
Update the device and find devices on Eco Struxure IT. Configures Cisco and Arista Switches.
Generate tickets for repair devices.
Update new install devices in the server.
Windows and Windows Server 2016
Responsibilities:
Create a cutover sheet and print the labels for cables. Install servers, switches, and other devices. Create a ticket for device repair or change.
June 2022 to May 2023
Field Nation:
733 Marquette Ave, S Ste 800, Minneapolis, Minnesota, 55402 Network Support Consultant:
Every day new task.
Visit different Data Centers for installation, update, and troubleshoot devices. Rack and un-rack devices. Install ethernet cables and fiber cables.
Install Cisco Phones, ATA, and cabling.
Change motherboard Laptop / Server / Desktop.
Troubleshoot power/network connection to all media players. Telecom/ VOIP Phone Installation, Testing, and troubleshooting. Rack and de-rack Servers, Switches, Firewalls, AP. Blue Screen problem.
Win 10 Upgrade project back-office PC.
Cloning the hard drive and installing it back.
Project, install new WIN 10 for Walgreens.
Install Edition RAM.
Responsibilities:
Execute field and mobility driving test cases for development and MR projects. Prepare devices for testing in the field (software, applicable test tools, etc). Create new test routes or revise existing infra based on new network features and changes. Report defects and draft issues on PLM for review and registration. Report daily detailed field test results.
Dec 2021 to June 2022
Movie Beam:
440 Sylvan Ave, Suite 170A, Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632 Network Administrator:
Windows 10. MS Office 360.
Filed Nations.
Help the NOC team.
To ensure the stable operation of the computer networks. Configure STB boxes.
Configure 3.0 Remote for LG STB 6500.
SonicWALL SOHO250 configure.
Physical Port mappings as per Guidance from the remote team Responsibilities:
Create SSID on Cisco RV110W Wireless-N VPN firewall. Create VLAN for Switches. Update SonicWall Firmware. Dell 3935, change single port LAN card to 2 port LAN card. If there is a hardware problem, try to fix it or change it. Monitor Servers, Sonic Firewall, and other devices. Update BIOS.
Call customers for paperwork, ask for time for a site survey, and forward their papers to the NOC team. Call Vender (Dell EMC) to upgrade our system.
For the site Survey, find a filed Tec from Field Nation, call them, and check their availability and the work they did. Router Migrations support.
Aug 2021 to Dec 2021
SERVERCOMP Inc:
5648 Fieldspring Ave, New Port Richey FL 34655
Field Engineer.
Working as an independent contractor.
Configure IP Address.
CISCO Switches & Routers/ Telnet/ Team Putty.
Troubleshooting Hardware/Software
Physical Port mappings as per Guidance from the remote team. HARDWARE SKILLS:
Replace the Motherboard (server, laptop, and desktop). Change NIC (server, and desktop).
Replace HD for Servers (server, laptop, and desktop). Upgrade RAM for laptop/Desktop and servers
Screen replacement for the laptop
Knowledge and understanding of other hardware skills. ACADEMIC / TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS:
High School Diploma (Pakistan) Nov 1995.
Cisco Certified Networking Associate (CCNA) Nov 2020. Palo Alto Networks Certified Network Security Engineer (PCNSE) Training.
Contact this candidate