RESUME

FRED ACHEAMPONG
Email: ad7qvb@r.postjobfree.com.
Tell No, +1-347-***-****.

CAREER OBJECTIVES

As a professional in Electronics & communication engineering, I want to work in an environment with major responsibilities that will effectively enhance my knowledge background to organization communication skills. A challenging growth oriented position in a progressive organization, where I could contribute to their success not only by my technical expertise but also through my innovative ideas and desire to achieve excellence in whatever I do.

SKILLS AND QUALITIES
A self-motivated, analytical and logical thinking Engineer with experience and knowledge in Tuning, Performance and Optimization (5G LTE, WCDMA, GSM, GPRS, EDGE). Coupled with unique abilities such as taking initiatives, prioritizing, a talent of learning quickly, adaptive to cultural differences, good organizational skills, a team player, a willingness to walk extra mile to resolve issues, maintain poise under pressure, and meet deadlines.
CIRCET USA DURATION: Jan 2024-DATE
Job title, Network Performance Engineer
Responsibility,
Ensure that all E-911 KPI’s are on targets of all network metrics.
Drive test analysis to solve ping pong, pilot pollution and other problems.
Perform calibration, verification and live drive testing of E-911 whitelist, live calls.
FURTHER ENTERPRISE SOLUTION (FES) DURATION: Oct2022-2023
Job title, Network Performance Engineer
Responsibility,
Perform optimization on all 5G site to meet the contractual targets of KPIs in all the network indicators: Network availability, Accessibility, Sustainability, Mobility and Network Quality.
Perform Data collection on CDMA, LTE 3G and 4G, VOLTE, network
Carry out Single Site Verification (SSV) in a mini Cluster.
Execute cluster drive and re-drives test, stationary test and speed tests.
Perform calibration, verification and live drive testing of E-911 service
Conducting detailed drive tests in key areas with degradations in KPI statistics, which causes major impact in network performance using TEMS Investigation. This also helps in resolving customer complaints.
Configure drive test date collection equipment (XCAL) according to engineer parameters
Carry out data cluster drive test, benchmarking with other operators for improvement of data network performance
NextGen GTA DURATION:Mar 2022-Oct 2022
Job title, Project Consultant Exempt
Responsibility: RF 2 role.
Managing all technical issues Drive tester/s is facing on the field and guiding him/her for ATP/ cluster testing.
ATP report extraction, validation and reporting the issues to concerned team if any.
Providing high-level observation and analysis on ATP reports and submit to customers.
HOWARD UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL DURATION:June 2020-Oct2022
(RADIOLOGY DEPARTMENT)
Job title: Software technician.
Responsibility:
Take care of the Cerner soarian, Synapse, software in the department.
Responsible of server maintenance in the department.
Responsible for radiologist transfer of patient information.
TSP-CONSULTING LTD. DURATION: 2016- 2019.
Job title, RF Back office, Optimization Engineer.
Responsibility:
As a Back office Engineer Analyzing 2G/3G/4G test logs to identify problematic areas within the network and recommend the required parameter changes to improve coverage, quality degradation, accessibility, dropped calls, blocked calls, handover success rate and Packet service KPIs.

Analysis of logs files to understand problematic RF environment –TEMS layer 3 messages analysis, Recommend solutions to improve coverage, Prepare Single Site Verification report of LTE cell sites, Prepare Cluster reports, Prepare Inter-Operator Benchmarking report, Verify test parameters and their thresholds during report generation.
Analyzing and post processing data gathered during a test using TEMS Discovery.

TELINNO-CONSULTING LTD. DURATION: 2012-2016
Job title, RF Optimization Engineer.
Analysis of DT logs files to understand problematic RF environment –TEMS layer 3 messages analysis, Recommend solutions to improve coverage, Prepare Single Site Verification report of 3G cell sites, Prepare Cluster reports, Prepare Inter-Operator Benchmarking report, Verify drive test parameters and their thresholds during report generation.
Carry out data (2G/3G/LTE/5G) drive test, benchmarking with other operators for improvement of data network performance.
Analyzing and post processing data gathered during a drive test using TEMS Discovery.
Conducting detailed drive tests in key areas with degradations in KPI statistics which causes major impact in network performance using TEMS Investigation. This also helps in resolving customer complaints.
Verifying soft handover, 3G to 2G IRAT (compress mode) handover and 2G to 3G cell reselection.
Drive test analysis to solve ping pong, pilot pollution and other problems.
Perform optimization on all LTE to meet the contractual targets of KPIs in all the network indicators: Network availability, Accessibility, Sustainability, Mobility and Network Quality.
Post processing, Template design, Report generation, Analysis of LTE log files to identify the RF related problems and recommendation of the required parameter changes.
To improve coverage holes, Pilot Pollutions and Handover Parameter optimization. To improve coverage, dropped calls, blocked calls, handover success rate and Packet service KPI’s
Ensure that all KPI’s are on targets of all network metrics (RSRP, RSRQ, SINR, CQI, PDSCH/PUSCH Throughput, and Latency).

PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN
T-Mobile North Carolina
T-Mobile FCC Project, DC & Baltimore. Market.
Dish Richmond Market
Alcatel Lucent Ghana.
Ericsson Ghana.
Ericsson Sierra Leone.
Ericsson Niger.
Ericsson Burkina Faso.
Ericsson Gabon.
Huawei Ghana.
TELECOM TOOLS.
I have knowledge in the following telecom tools:
TEMS Investigation (12.1, 13.1, 14.1, 15.1,16.3 18.2, 20.2)
TEMS Discovery Professional (3.1.2, 4.02, 4.06, 4.08, 4.13, 10.01)
TEMS Automatic
TEMS Polygon (6.0,6.1,6.2)
X-CAL, XCAP, X-Auto.
PHU Sit, PHU Tester
GENEX Probe 3.19.
Map Info Professional (8,10.5, 11)
Google Earth
Compass and GPS
Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint and Word.

EDUCATION

All Nations University College B. Eng. Electronics & Communication
Engineering
Telecom Technician Institute Telecommunication Diploma

Emit Electronic Institute Telecommunication Engineering

Part I,II, III.
INTEREST.

Watching Movies, Listening to Music, Traveling.
REFEREES.
Mr. Richard Akakpo
R.F Consultants.
Tel, 1-437-***-****
Email: ad7qvb@r.postjobfree.com.
Contact this candidate