Kevin Fyhr

**** ****** **
Manitowoc, WI *****
United States
Home/Office/Cell: 414-***-****
Contact Preference: email
ad7rxm@r.postjobfree.com

TITLE:
Sr. Decision Support and Data Warehouse Architect
OBJECTIVE:
Design, develop, document, enhance, architect, and support all components of data systems, reports, analysis, dashboards, visualizations, extracts, and insights. Analyze work-flow process, data collection, report details, and other technical issues associated with the use of data applications. Develop and document internal procedures used in conjunction with application and serve as a technical resource and mentor with direct engagement to internal and external business users to create, customize, enhance, integrate, architect, and maintain Reports, ETL and data solutions. Using the latest Microsoft stack, Oracle, and other development solutions and queries to integrate and leverage new and existing physical data models to deliver tomorrows information today.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Twenty+ years of engagement and development initiatives within data analysis, reporting, ETL, client server, and web-based applications. Using Microsoft technologies in a variety of small to midsize, fast paced, rapidly expanding companies and industries. My expertise and certifications include LEADERSHIP, ARCHITECTURE, REPORTING, ETL, logical and physical DATA MODELS, WEB and APPLICATION development, Business Intelligence design and development, as well as INTEGRATION and reporting on transactional and OLAP data structures. Vast understanding of a variety of ERP systems, most recently in HEALTH CARE as well as SharePoint, Intranet, Internet, and portal technologies. Certified in EPIC, Experienced in CERNER. Analytic decision maker and DATA STEWARSHIP with focus on cross organizational goals that conform to business needs affecting bottom line. Recognized for my ability to quickly learn changing technologies, applications, roles, and my influential and passionate team orientation and mentoring among team members, senior managers, directors, executives, vendor’s, contractors, and customers worldwide. Awards with real world leadership experience and certified in all aspects of the development and business life cycle. I have the drive and passion to leverage tomorrow’s data to make key decisions today!

EXPERIENCE:
Data Analyst III
Americollect

July 2023 – March 2024

Transformed legacy ETL macros and executables into SSIS packages to facilitate the importation of client-provided data into Excel file format. Subsequently, the UAT team reviewed the data for accuracy before uploading it to Bloodhound, a customer listing software utilized in medical collections.

Translated raw data into meaningful information using advanced analytical concepts while automating the process by plugging the data into JAMS automation software.

Maintained documentation of all the processes related to Data Analysis.

Power BI Developer
Compliant Pharmacy Alliance Cooperative

May 2022 – Sep 2022

Created Data Flows, Data Sets, Power BI reports. Converted on prem SSRS reports to Power BI reports published to the cloud. Created data models linking tables such as Items, Purchasing, Opportunities, a Date table, and other tables from both on prem and cloud technologies such as Dynamics and Data Lake parquet files. Familiar with Data Factory. Modified and documented Dynamics dataflows. Collaborated with system architects, software architects, design analysts, and others to help understand the business and industry requirements. Developed data models for applications, metadata tables, views, and related database structures. Exposed to DAX formulas to help with calculations. Developed database architectural strategies at the modeling, design, and implementation stages to address business requirements. Used power query to transform and clean the data and worked with the front end to create BI reports.

Senior Data Analyst, Revenue Cycle
Data Warehouse Architect
Holy Family Memorial in affiliation with Froedtert & the Medical College of Wisconsin

Sept 2019 – Jan 2022

Saved Holy Family Memorial (HFM) over a million dollars within 8 months of employment as a revenue cycle analyst. Worked directly with the senior technical architect from our CareTech Solutions vendor and our HFM quality control specialist in an agile methodology to help learn what data was needed and where it was stored on Cerner backend. 3 of us, as a team, saved HFM over a million dollars two years in a row. Continually analyzing needs, I developed a complete set of re-usable Oracle scripts that organized and pulled data from Cerner application creating lab and supplemental data sets integrating into pipe delimited files as specified from our partner organization and quality control specialist. Consistently used critical thinking skills to enhance and prepare these reports to run on a monthly and/or ad/hoc basis. * Prior to the beginning of this project there was a 5-year period of work from other staff and consultants that could not deliver on this project. Our team of 3 decided to eliminate all prior efforts and begin from new rather than re-use anything developed prior, which turned out to be a huge success for us.
Develop sophisticated models to analyze and audit financial and clinical data. Use these models to develop Oracle scripts to extract Bad Debt and Charity Care reports for Wisconsin S10 Audit and Cost Reporting out of Cerner application for 2018, 2019 and 2020 conforming to design specifications and modularized for audit changes year to year. Uncovered and investigated inefficiencies within the revenue cycle environment and worked with analysts to re-write processes for automation to support financial applications and freeing up staffing resources.
Using Microsoft technology stack, SQL Server, Management Studio, Stored Procedures, Visual studio and SSIS packages created the foundation for our custom local data warehouse beginning with revenue cycle and our finance team. Scheduled data to be brought in from Cerner (Oracle) backend to SQL Server data warehouse with both full load and incremental load capabilities. Using linked server for direct connection to Oracle I designed and created over 40+ SQL tables for the revenue cycle dept alone. Used integration to Cerner, SSIS packages and SQL Server jobs to pull in nightly data loads on a tightly scheduled basis.
Using the same technologies within special projects to extract data to delimited flat files and excel files for end user and physician analysis. Many times, I served as the bridge between business functions and technical architecture discussions, specifically between HFM executives and our architects within the staff of our CareTech Solutions vendor. Communicated and mentored HFM staff to enhance their technical skills. Discussed high level ideas, workflows, and infrastructure of the warehouse with executives such as the CFO.
Took the initiative to learn more about myself and my own leadership style by applying and being accepted into the I3 leadership program for selected candidates at HFM. Discovered how to use my strengths to gain insight, have smoother conversations on complex or heated topics and learned to further leverage one of my strongest soft skills in getting others to communicate with each other as a team. Graduated with an award from this leadership opportunity after a year of monthly sessions.

Data Analyst / Consultant
Heartland Business Systems

Sept 2018 - Aug 2019

As a consultant and passionate team player on the Data Platform team I aided clients with a variety of tasks including SSRS and SSIS package development of flat file data transformations for tribal health care. I’ve created parameterized stored procedures for T-SQL data transformations to be used as code to be passed through an application interface. I’ve documented 30+ DTS to SSIS converted packages that were using SQL and Oracle. I had the opportunity to do an SSRS conversion project using FetchXML to gather data from Dynamics CRM 365 in the cloud. I was able to clone the T-SQL queries in XML and rebuild the SSRS reports including sub reports then move them to OnPrem and QA instances in the cloud. I worked on some TOP 10 budget reports and educating myself in Power-BI to become certified to use the power of data to surface predictive, valuable insights for clients and/or organizations.

Senior ETL Developer Ent. Data Warehouse
Children’s Hospital of WI

May 2015 – July 2018

As a member of the EDW (enterprise data warehouse) team and using Microsoft technologies as well as Health Catalyst data warehousing source mart designer (SMD and SAMD) I’ve developed processes using data management and profiling to create data structures that move data from enterprise systems such as EPIC and outside vendor information systems into EDW (enterprise data warehouse). Working with other contractors, vendors, and business analysts I’ve been included on many ETL projects to bring data into the warehouse for reporting needs within Children’s Healthcare.
Examples include writing of an SSIS package to bring data in from one of our vendors that had an online signup to alert parents of their child’s upcoming surgeries. By simply providing an MRN and birth date in a file from an external FTP, we bring the data into a source mart and join it to our data warehouse to get the patient, provider, doctor, and surgery information. The package then sends out a secure file that gets imported back to the vendor system so the patient can be alerted via email or text messages of their upcoming surgeries.
I was quickly able to learn the Health Catalyst development tools to bring in data from such vendors as National Research Corp into new tables and schemas (blueprint) of the EDW warehouse.
Using SQL queries and ETL process to read from flat .csv files to transform and cleanse data to be ready for the reporting analysts to measure how well CHW performed via patient evaluations provided by 3rd party vendors.
Other ETL projects and technologies included PeopleSoft, CCHP, MIDAS, NRC, SSIS, QlikView, IDX, Cache, TruthPoint, Innotas, MCW and IDEA.

Data Analyst/Report Writer
Epic Clarity ADT & Prelude
Wheaton Franciscan Healthcare

January 2015 – April 2015

EPIC certified in ADT/Grand Central and Prelude data models. Report writer and data analyst using EPIC Clarity, Microsoft SQL Server, and Crystal reporting. Contract included becoming certified to implement crystal integrated reporting in the ADT and Cadence modules. Created new and modified existing reports for admission, discharge and transferring of patients within the hospital. Responsible for hospital billing, financial data, insurance claims and scheduling, Initiated centralized reporting by using SQL stored procedures and functions. Advised in the implementation of security for the data warehouse. Initiated rollout of the EPIC created data cubes for hospital and professional billing transaction activities.

Senior Financial Analyst and Report Writer Consultant / Contractor
Quarles and Brady Milwaukee, WI

Sept: 2014 – December 2014

Demonstrated the capability of querying the report server to gather subscription details for fiscal year end close. Updated complex subscription data such as subscription processing of the second or third business day of the month from within the SharePoint integrated environment using advanced T-SQL. Aided in a minimum of 1 to 2 tier 3 support calls from attorneys and staff daily for financial reporting. Set new standards for creating reports using T-SQL synonyms, functions, and stored procedures to modularize code from the numerous reports, subscriptions, and data sources for the finance department. Worked with the DBA to grant security rights to the report server for the report writers in finance as well as advised on the use of active directory groups for granting users security to their reports reducing maintenance within the financial reporting team. Guided the direction and vision of self-service reporting for the analysts, staff, and attorneys within the firm. Demonstrated the ability of reporting from a thousand-foot view, drilling down to detail level reporting of millions of records very rapidly within the legal practice. Taught report writers how to use cascading, multi select parameters and sub reports to drill down and filter detailed legal data. Aided in re-coding of functions, stored procedures and triggers used in the ETL process bringing in Data from Elite ERP to the data repository on a monthly basis. Worked daily in a very dynamic first-class business professional environment often directly with the CFO and financial analysts.

MS Dynamics Great Plains and WennSoft SSRS Report Writing Consultant
Quality Data Concepts Milwaukee, WI

Clients included:
Prism Electric Dallas, TX
Beyond Vision Wauwatosa, WI
At a Glance Financials Milwaukee, WI

Oct. 2012 – Sept 2014

Using Microsoft Dynamics AX, SSRS, SQL Server, BIDS extending data and report processing in custom applications and existing data to create custom Not In Stock reporting for purchasing and ad hoc Customer Aging reports for Beyond Vision.

Using SSRS, SQL Server, BIDS, and the latest Microsoft stack of reporting and development solutions leveraging Microsoft Dynamics Great Plains and WennSoft data models to create and customize reports for Prism Electric. Directed the completion of top projects to include labor, invoicing, and work order reporting. Served as a lead consultant directing report creation and customization of GP, WennSoft and Custom reporting. 2-year remote position as a technical lead and hands on development of custom report creation integrating into GP, WennSoft and Prism ERP modules. Served as a mentor and trained on boarding internal staff to use and develop system wide physical data model reporting.

Consulate to At a Glance Financials providing the backend data concept and design to the web development team using SQL Server to integrate custom process into their exclusive Warthog financial application.

MS Dexterity Signature Developer and Report Writer
WennSoft, New Berlin, WI

Sept. 2011 – Oct. 2012

As a dynamic and passionate member of the Signature team and WennSoft product line I was able to step into the role of a Microsoft Great Plains Dexterity development engineer and create new windows and modules for refrigerant tracking that is tightly integrated within WennSoft Service and Job Cost as well as a 3rd party application to Dynamics Great Plains. This priority feature to the Signature product line is due to be showcased in Florida during Synergy 2012 and is a huge success for the organization, partners, and customers.

Understanding customer needs and requirements while attending Synergy 2011, I was also able to re-design, develop and create a whole new set of complex accounting and financial SSRS reports for deferred revenue and cost reconciliation reporting against Dynamics Great Plains and WennSoft logical data models. This re-design corrected a flaw in the credit account balance and improved performance by two hundred percent. The project extended ROI to the customer base and gave our consultants a competitive edge by leveraging my unique design and the interactive capabilities incorporated into the report GUI.

Business Intelligence Analyst
Kerry Ingredients and Flavours., Beloit, WI
Aug. 2008 – Aug 2011

An integral member of the business intelligence team within ICT, Kerry Ingredients and Flavours, Americas Region. Using Excel Services Technologies and SQL Server Reporting Services Technologies, developed, deployed, and maintained reporting for a variety of business units within the SharePoint Portal Environment. The business portals are part of the 1Kerry Global Consolidation and encompass one or more of Americas Regions Top Projects for the year 2010 such as Customer Service integration. Administrator of all OLAP security roles, ProClarity users Excel Services users and OLAP cube role applications. Streamlined role setup and reduced request latency to same day turnaround.

Supported many BI project deliverables using reporting technologies such as SSRS, Excel Services and IBI. Created and integrated into SharePoint reports for Business unit’s including Call Center reporting, Sales Force reporting, Customer Service reporting, LIMS reporting and MCM reporting.
Initiated and developed monthly End Use Market reporting for the Dairy and Culinary business within the organization. Worked with all members of the team to build an inventory reporting system from the OLAP inventory cube surfacing data as an excel services portal page for the business.
Other reports and tasks include open orders reporting, report modeling for Sales Force and other alerts, LIMS reporting, SSRS subscription maintenance, resolving date issues on canned financial reports and integrating changes in OLAP security roles for Mexico/LATAM.

Business Intelligence Liaison
SoftwareONE Inc., New Berlin, WI
Aug. 2003 – Aug. 2008

A dynamic member of the IT group integrating directly across the organization with accounting, logistics, human resources, marketing and sales for Business Intelligence initiatives. An active TDWI member who developed reporting for the Microsoft VARassist program as a Strategic Business Intelligence Liaison using integrated SQL tools as well as third party applications and coordinating with outside consultants to move forward bringing online MS Dynamics Navision and our unique concept of visual e-Enterprise analytical reporting.

Originated .NET development of front-end/back-end applications to import vendor data and gave the ability to sales staff to rapidly search MS Dynamics Great Plains of over two-million products driving sales relations to a new standard.

International, B2B, e-Commerce Consultant
Internet Conduit Inc., Milwaukee, WI
(Partnership Corporation, Web Conduit Inc.)

Dec. 2000 – July. 2003

Entrepreneur of a technology driven corporation providing personalized development services for small corporations. Partnership with Internet Conduits Corp providing .NET project management and code development for the organization’s international shopping cart using all phases of the life cycle as clients request new features. Providing remote management for the development team and client relations with project development status as project phase’s progress. Evaluating new Microsoft products and features to increase team productivity.

INTERNSHIPS/COOPS:
Software Testing Research Internship.
Wausau Insurance, Wausau, WI
June 1999 - Aug 1999

Evaluated automated testing software to be used on specific data entry applications within the company’s business units. Coordinated vendor demonstrations and proof-of-concepts. Researched and documented the software portability, flexibility, and integration for testing of Wausau’s applications. Evaluation and selection of the software product was successfully completed prior to the end of the internship

Microsystems Development Coop.
Citibank, Sioux Falls, SD
June 1998 – Nov 1998

Programmed the internal collections processing system using Microsoft Visual Basic 6.0 and Rumba Mainframe Application Software. Aided in Coding of the Visa Epay system, which was the first of its kind on the market. Learned the internal and organizational structure of the banking industry. Advanced my skills within a team environment among high level Software Engineers.

Information Systems Internship.
Dow Chemical, Midland MI
June 1997 – Aug 1997

Organized and executed presentations for weekly training meetings. Voluntarily conducted many types of technical presentations relating to computer modems RAS and networking.

EDUCATION:
Michigan Technological University
BSBA graduate in MIS with honors

September 1995 – June 1999

GOVERNMENT VETERAN:
US ARMY
October 1991 – May 1995

Completed a four-year term, two of which were on assignment in Germany, with a rank or E-4 corporal an honorable discharge and many other military and cultural awards.

AWARDS/
CERTIFICATION:
HFM I3 Leadership program, 2020
EPIC Clarity ADT & Prelude Data Model, EPIC 2015
Data Governance Core Exam, TDWI 2017
IS Analyst Core Exam, TDWI Active Member 2007 IS Analyst
VIPER Award, Employee of the quarter, Q1-2007 for exclusive development
of VIPER (the VARassist Influence Program Reporting tool), a major asset of
the company’s VARassist Partner Program, recognized with a Microsoft
Worldwide Partner Conference Award in Q4-2006
MICROSOFT Certified Solutions Developer, IA 2004
Broad Vision Certified, CO 2001
Tidwell Outstanding Man in Business, MTU 1998

DEVELOPMENT SKILLS:

16 yrs SQL DEVELOPMENT
16 yrs MANAGEMENT STUDIO
14 yrs TSQL & SQL ADMIN
14 yrs. SSRS REPORTING/ANALYST
14 yrs BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE & BIDS
14 yrs DATA ANALYST
8 yrs SSIS DATA INTEGRATION
7 yrs VISUAL BASIC 6.0
7 yrs ASP CLASSIC
7 yrs HTML/DHTML/JAVASCRIPT
6 yrs GREAT PLAINS ERP
5 yrs TRAINING/MENTOR

4 yrs WEB DEVELOPMENT
4 yrs VB.NET DEVELOPMENT
4 yrs FINANCIAL ANALYST
3 yrs DATA MODELING
3 yrs EPIC
3 yrs CERNER
3 yrs ORACLE
3 yrs CRYSTAL REPORTS
2 yrs EXCEL SERVICES
1 yrs MICROSOFT ACCESS
1 yr DEXTERITY
1 yr POWER-BI / POWER QUERY

16 yrs SQL DEVELOPMENT
16 yrs MANAGEMENT STUDIO
14 yrs TSQL & SQL ADMIN
14 yrs. SSRS REPORTING/ANALYST
14 yrs BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE & BIDS
14 yrs DATA ANALYST
8 yrs SSIS DATA INTEGRATION
7 yrs VISUAL BASIC 6.0
7 yrs ASP CLASSIC
7 yrs HTML/DHTML/JAVASCRIPT
6 yrs GREAT PLAINS ERP
5 yrs TRAINING/MENTOR

4 yrs WEB DEVELOPMENT
4 yrs VB.NET DEVELOPMENT
4 yrs FINANCIAL ANALYST
3 yrs DATA MODELING
3 yrs EPIC
3 yrs CERNER
3 yrs ORACLE
3 yrs CRYSTAL REPORTS
2 yrs EXCEL SERVICES
1 yrs MICROSOFT ACCESS
1 yr DEXTERITY
1 yr POWER-BI / POWER QUERY

TECH ENVIRONMENTS:
WINDOWS 11, WINDOWS & SQL SERVER 2012, MICROSOFT DYNAMICS GREAT PLAINS, MICROSOFT DYNAMICS NAVISION, SHAREPOINT PORTAL SERVICES, E-COMMERCE, MICROSOFT OFFICE 360, MICROSOFT EXCEL REPORTING SERVICES, CRYSTAL REPORTING, MICROSFT SQL CLIENT TOOLS 2018, DATA TOOLS FOR VISUAL STUDIO 2012, COMPONENT SERVICES, INTERNET INFORMATION SERVICES, ANYVIEW IDS INFORMATION DELIVERY SYSTEM, TIGERPAW, CRM+, OLAP, SQL REPORTING SERVICES, SQL INTEGRATION SERVICES, ORACLE, PEOPELESOFT, PROCLARITY, INFORMATION BUILDERS SOFTWARE, DEXTERITY,FOG BUGZ,AGILE,TFS TEAM FOUNDATION, EPIC CLARITY LOGICAL DATA MODEL, CERNER IDE, MIDAS,BROADVISION,CLASSIC ASP,.NET,COM+,SSRS,SSIS,SSAS,ELITE ERP,HEALTH CATAYLST,SM,SAM,CCHP,VS2008-2012,SSMS 2016, QLIK VIEW, IDX, CACHE, TRUTHPOINT, INNOTAS, MCW, IDEA, POWER-BI,CRM, FETCH-XML, AXIOM, CERNER, ORACLE, POWER-BI
Contact this candidate