Hazliyana Ismail
Solution Engineer (* years * months)
NTT MSC Communication Sdn Bhd

+60-123****** ad7txi@r.postjobfree.com
Bandar Saujana Putra, Selangor

Experience

** ***** ** ***** ******ence

March 2023- Present Information Systems Audit Executive
Pacific & Orient Berhad KL

Perform annual IT risk assessment, propose and prioritise audits based on risk management, BNM RMiT, BCP and ISO27 cybersecurity

Plan, conduct and document risk-based audit of IT functions, processes and underlying IT systems, evaluate control environment, internal control, security and data integrity.

Identify, assess and develop solutions for internal control, security and data integrity issues and make value – added recommendations to reduce cost, improve efficiency in processes and rectify weaknesses in controls.

Perform creation Deletion users group and managed IAM system for enhance policy company

Attend Cybersecurity awareness training

Investigate root cause and prepare report for incident security

Scan and review group policy password parameter to reflect SOP document

Monitor compliance with the Company’s security policies, procedures and processes as well as federal, state and local laws, regulations and accreditation criteria.

Perform pen test to find weakness vulnerabilities and security issue in web application, network and device.

Participate annual Disaster Recovery Planning test to ascertain the adequacy of the Company’s DRP testing preparation and exercise performance.

Recommends production fixes and online / batch performance improvement measures.

Aug 2013 –March 2023
(10 years 3 months)
Client Support Engineer
NTT MSC Communication Sdn Bhd Selangor, Malaysia

Industry
Telecommunication

Specialization
IT/Computer - Network/System/Database Admin

Role
Solution Engineer

Position Level
Senior Executive

Provide 1st level IT Technical support, hardware maintenance,software troubleshooting and problem resolution.
Respond security incident for vulnerabilities, threat and change request Firewall
To ensure incidents are allocated to the most appropriate 'next step' as part of the incident flow
Support any IT related matters/issues (i.e. trouble-shooting, laptop malfunction, network/internet connection, server installation/performance, printer connection, hardware/software issues, Microsoft Office365, clients’ VPN connection or any IT disruptions that prevents smooth business operation)
Coordinate with the vendor and the Regional Telephony Team to maintain the Telephony platform and ensure 365/24/7 efficient operational state.
Ensure and manage Service Level Agreements (SLAs) definition, compliancy and evolution according to business and user’s needs.
Coordinate on Purchase/Lease/Disposal of IT office equipment or IT assets (laptops, monitor screens, projectors, video-conferencing)
Destruction of un-used official hardware (i.e. Hard-disks, thumb-drives, laptops, etc.)
Support the setup of laptops for new joiners deploying office customized Windows image and assist with IT information management orientation to prevent any security flaws by new employees
Manage of office IT assets (PC & IT equipment) i.e. replacement planning, practice of ordering, storing, tracking, and controlling inventory of IT asset
Coordination with Infrastructure Team on server maintenance, security issues, patch releases &/or critical IT issues (i.e. carrying out tests and investigations), participates in Regional IT weekly and monthly conference calls
Preparation of User Guide for internal/external system and internal procedures
Creating firewalls and updating virus protection software and data security systems to keep data and communications protected
Monitoring computer systems to improve network performance for all systems
Troubleshooting, resolving, and communicating networking issues to other employees and management
Implementing disaster recovery procedures
Maintaining current knowledge and understanding of security and networking best practices to offer the best solutions and protection to company systemsShare knowledge obtained and learn from others as part of a natural team across process flow,network diagram,escalation for operations and service management, amongst others.
Monitored client banking for security Ddos and alert fault from Arbor/Imperva application, generated ddos report and identify destination IP and source for malicious network.
Engaged with support for change request whitelist IP,blocking url, firewall rule,NAT rule,security detection,malware domain of network or security device such as Palo Alto,Packet shaper,Fortiget Firewall.
Assist to perform DNS request to create record, TXT and reverse, install and upgrade software
Create user id group, delete from Active Directory to align SOP IT document.

Generate monthly report for Dddos, Utilization bandwidth, change request for clients and update documentation to operations.

Involved maintenance software upgrade and DRC planning yearly BCP requirements
Service Reporting: Facilitate generation and review of contractual service management reports required and client leadership
SLA Management: Facilitate SLA governance process including reporting and tracking of SLA performance, escalation in the event of potential SLA misses, and RCA analysis and remediation in the event of missed SLAs.
Perform adhoc analysis of change/incident/problem data for management information as required.
Identify operational/process issues and suggest potential solutions.
Act as Senior on major incidents during office hour
Co-ordinate activities to ensure that all operational duties are delivered.
Staff management including time reporting and training plans.
Ensure that functional knowledge is shared among team members to provide cover.
Identify and implement continuous improvement initiatives to improve team productivity and reduce costs.
Assist to new project transition and communicate with stakeholder, project manager,service delivery manager,service desk,operation manager.
Prepare documentation for scope of work, company overview, incident,change,problem process handling according to SLA, workflow, chart organization.
Single point of contact for incident handling and prepare service report and improvement highlighted
Oct 2010 - Jul 2013
(2 years 10 months)
Network Engineer (NOC)
Packet One Network Sdn Bhd

Industry
Telecommunication

Specialization
IT/Computer - Network/System/Database Admin

Role
Network/System Engineer

Position Level
Junior Executive

Perform day to day technical support and fault management for all P1 Wimax network products and services
Responsible for problem/incident management, tracking of all issues, escalation and reporting
Managing the Service Operations Centre (SOC) Service Level Agreements (SLA), incident as well as Problem Management.
Making sure the Service Operations Centre (SOC) Service Level Agreements (SLA) are met within the agreed Key Performance Indicator (KPI).
Managing TT severity as well as coordinating escalation to configuration owners as well as management team.
Driving service restoration MTTR, making sure all TT are within the established SLA/KPI and making sure the submission of IR is done for TT closure.
Monitoring alarms for cabinet equipment ISP such as ZTE & ALU equipment and performed troubleshooting network problem.
Generate and compile resolution reports on a daily basis

May 2010 - Sep 2010
(5 months)
Technical Support Engineer
Vyke Asia Sdn Bhd

Industry
Telecommunication

Specialization
IT/Computer - Network/System/Database Admin

Role
Technical Writer

Position Level
Junior Executive

To identify and resolve first level related issues via email, telephone or IM
To monitor and capture any fraud activity on payment gateway
To analyse and perform network / carrier test calls
To assist customers by providing them with information on support functions and products.
To log and escalate the request to second level where appropriate

Nov 2007 - Sep 2009
(1 year 11 months)
Operation Support Specialist
Hewlett Packard

Industry
Computer / Information Technology (Hardware)

Specialization
IT/Computer - Network/System/Database Admin

Role
Network/System Engineer

Position Level
Junior Executive

Provide first level support for Window server and all IT-related issues
Provide monitoring task for UNIX. Wintel and Backup through OVO.
Log and analyse problem in achieving SLA objective, make necessary changes and
recommendation.
To create, update, and resolve server related incidents logged in the Incident Management System.
Generate and compile resolution reports on a daily basis. Create, maintain and document new implementations as well as to update knowledge base

2005 - 2006
(1 year 1 month)
Clerk
CIMB BANK Selangor, Malaysia

Industry
Banking / Financial Services

Specialization
Banking/Financial Services

Role
Retail Banking/Branch Operation

Position Level
Fresh / Entry Level

Review loan application materials and closing documents for potential borrowers and check the accuracy of the information
Ask questions to loan applicants about their financial history and personal information to get a more accurate picture of borrowers’ suitability
Gather all appropriate paperwork and materials for loan application closing, such as tax forms, title documents, insurance information and loan terms
Enter information about the loan details, the terms, the information from the application and the funds received into a computerized database
Verify the details of the customer’s collateral when required in the loan application by interviewing the customer and researching information
Crosscheck customer financial and personal data by conducting credit checks and background checks and contacting employer and personal references
Compose loan application letters, closing documents, forms, bank letters, requests for more information and other types of correspondence by using word processing software
Inform customers about loan terms and the repayment procedures upon loan approval and answer any questions about the process

Education
2009
Open University Malaysia
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science/Information Technology Malaysia

2001
College Bionergy
Diploma in Computer Science/Information Technology Malaysia

Skills

Able to use all available monitoring tool and proactively resolve issues. network troubleshooting routing, – Product to support access switch, router, firewall, Security incident,Threat and malware,DNS change request, DHCP.Knowledge in Zabbix, WUG monitoring and Dell switches, Service Now, DWDM,Siem tool

(Remedy EWM),(OVSD),and OVO, Ms Office,Words,Excel,Powerpoint, Lotus Notes email,Outlook,Active Directory,Server Hardening, Group Policy,Upgrade and patch software

Audit Report, BNM RMIT, ISO27000, IT Asset Management, Security Endpoint, Pen Testing
Firewall change request.

Window98/XP/2003 server, VMWare,Ms Access,Visual Basic, AS400,BI101-SAP BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE/BUSINESS, FIGL101-SAP GENERAL LEDGER ACCOUNTING, FIAR101-SAP FINANCIAL – ACCOUNTS RECEIVA, FIAP101-SAP FINANCIAL – ACCOUNTS PAYABLE, FIAA101-SAP FINANCIAL-ASSET ACCOUNTING.

Languages

Language
Spoken Written
Bahasa Malaysia
8 9
English
7 7

Additional Info
Expected Salary
MYR 6,500
Preferred Work Location
Selangor, Kuala Lumpur, Anywhere in Malaysia
Other Information

•Profesional Certificate : ITIL Foundation, SAP,Accounting, Customer Service, Audit,
I have good interpersonal skills, able to solve problem with minimum requirement and fast leaner, critical thinking skill, able to work with cross function team including various application and Infrastructure team. I have good knowledge in Extensive network troubleshooting skill in complex environment.

About Me
Gender
Female
Age
39 years
Address
No.27, JLN SP8/11,, BANDAR SAUJANA PUTRA, 42610 KUALA LANGAT, SAUJANA PUTRA, Selangor, Malaysia
Nationality
Malaysia
Permanent Resident
Malaysia
Contact this candidate