Name: Marcos A Iturribeitia ~ Fluent in English & Spanish
Address: Weston Florida, US, 33331 (No relocation, remote or hybrid only)
E-Mail: ad7vbo@r.postjobfree.com (It is my preferred way of communication)
Phone: Ask me by LinkedIn or Email First.
LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/iturribeitia/
Work Authorization: US Citizen I am authorized to work in the United States for any employer.

OBJECTIVE: I am Sr. Software and Data Engineer, Developer/Architect, FinTech Professional, Certified Professional Scrum Master and Independent Consultant. Expert in client/server n-tier web based & windows forms applications development and Data manipulation in a Microsoft Windows OS environment, seeking a position where I can contribute with my knowledge and large experience.
SKILLS SUMMARY: Experience in Object oriented analysis, design and programming using the SOLID principles and dependency injection design pattern, Test driving development, Multithreading, Asynchronous and parallel programming, Data Serialization JSON / XML, Restful Services Web API LINQ, lambda expressions, ADO.NET, Entity Framework, NuGet packages, Extensive experience in SQL programming Procedures, Functions, Triggers, and dynamic SQL / SSIS, CLOUD & Serverless Programming, serve as a technical expert on development projects, seeing deliverables through their entire software development life cycle, from conceptualization to deployment, certified scrum master experience with Agile methodologies and tools (Scrum, Kanban, JIRA), Fluent in Spanish.
PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES: C#.NET Framework & Core, ASP.NET, MVC.NET, Razor, Blazor, VB.NET, Perl, T-SQL, PL/ SQL, Typescript, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, PowerShell scripting.
JAVASCRIPT LIBRARIES & FRAMEWORKS: NPM, Next.js, React, Angular, jQuery, Bootstrap, @mui/material, Toastr, SignalR, ladda, momentjs, etc.
DATABASES: MS SQL SERVER, NoSQL, ORACLE, SYBASE, MYSQL, MS ACCESS.
OPERATING SYSTEMS: windows (11,10,8,7), Windows Server 2000-2022, LINUX & AIX.
SOFTWARE: Visual Studio 2020 & Code, AZURE services, JIRA/Atlassian, BitBucket, GitLab, Harness, TeamCity Octupus, Team Foundation Server, GIT, Microsoft Office Professional (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Visio, Query, Access), Telerik RadControls for ASP.NET AJAX, ASP.NET AJAX Control Toolkit, DevExpress ASP.NET WebForms Controls and Libraries, SSMS, SSIS, SSRS.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Jul 2023 to Apr 2024 (Proviniti contractor for Fiserv) Senior Software Engineer IV (.Net/SQL), 501 Madison Ave 10th floor, New York, NY 10022 Phone: 800-***-**** remote and Coral Spring FISERV offices.
Actively participated in the Cyber, Audit, Risk, Fraud, Compliance - 2023 & 2024 Corporate projects.
Participate in all the Scrum ceremonies for the Team in charge of fixing vulnerabilities, test and deploy and production support for 45 Visual Studio solutions coded in C# .NET & SQL that integrate Clover and other platforms to salesforce CRM Platform.
Detecting software security vulnerabilities using Fortify, Sonatype and SonarQube Software, nexus repository.
Design architect and code a reusable C#.NET DLL solution for remediation of multiple .NET C# applications, Windows services, Web API, ASP.net to avoid this types of vulnerabilities (SQL Injection, Cross-Site Scripting (XSS), Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF), Insecure Deserialization, Authentication and Authorization Issues, Sensitive Data Exposure, Security Misconfiguration, Path Traversal, Improper Exception Handling, Lack of Logging and Monitoring, etc.
Update multiple application and use of T-SQL to create new stored procedures to fix SQL Injection vulnerabilities and replace hard coded SQL command strings for CRUD operations by using parametrized stored procedures.
Update Web applications to the latest version of NPM, JavaScript libraries (Angular & React) and NuGet Packages.
Remediate vulnerabilities, maintenance and support of .net services that subscribe, consume and process RabbitMQ messages that a mainframe publish the events from the Clover platform to SalesForce platform using Salesforce Object Query Language (SOQL).
Remediate vulnerabilities, maintenance and support of .net applications that perform ETL process getting data from mainframe databases in DB2 and persist that data in MS SQL servers.
Use of Artificial intelligence to generate test methods for unit testing project using the MSTest framework.
Help and guide others developers, create review and approve merge request, code reviews and quality assurance to other developers.
Migrate 45 Visual Studio .NET solutions from GitBucket to GitLab, fix the solutions broken references, update Nuget packages to the lattes versions.
Configure and performs DevSecOps CI/CD jobs, Build and deploy using GitLab & Harness.

Oct 2020 to Jan 2023 BHG Financial Senior Software Engineer IV (.Net/SQL/JavaScript), 10234 W. State Road 84 Davie, FL 33324 Phone: 866-***-****
Act as right hand of my managers in the Scrum Team in charge of maintain the loan management system and production support, working 100% Remotely.
Analysis Design develop and deploy using C# .NET CORE, SQL, Swagger, Dapper Knockout.js Nancy, Bootstrap, WEB and API’s solutions for Loan origination system and loan management system, under Scrum & Kanban methodologies, participating in all the ceremonies.
Participate in the conversion and implementation for the NLS New loan system application.
Manage assigned user stories, tickets and task queue to meet deadlines and other milestones.
Troubleshoot, identify and evaluate alternative solutions to a development and production support problems.
Improves systems performance by investigating problems, writing specifications, architect and developing solutions.
Document process and modifications to client software according to company policy.
Create review and approve pull request, code reviews and quality assurance to other .NET JavaScript & SQL developers.
Performs CI/CD jobs, Build and deploy using TeamCity, Octopus and Azure DevOps.

As a consequence of the market events in 2022, including a significant rise in interest rates the company reduced the employee headcount across several areas of the business and unfortunately, I was among the group of employees who were laid off.

Feb 2020 to Mar 2020 (Talento Contractor for Spirit Airlines) Senior Software Engineer (.Net/SQL),
MIAMI 255 Alhambra Circle Suite 520 Coral Gables, FL 33134 Phone: 646-***-****
Analysis Design develop and deploy C# .NET CORE Swagger Entity Framework AZURE WEB API’s solutions for applications integrations for the Inflight Wifi Project.
Analysis Design develop and deploy C#.NET Applications to ETL Data about flights and bookings status, configure windows scheduler to run this ETL process and send the results as CSV files by email to the subscribers.

Due to the pandemic of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) Spirit canceled the budgets for all the IT new developments and ended the contracts with Talento and this company ended the software engineer contract with me.

May 2018 to Feb 2020 (Tekparners Contractor for Ultimate Software) Data Engineer & Developer (SSIS/.Net),
600 Corporate Drive Suite 500 Fort Lauderdale, FL 33334 Phone: 954-***-****.
Analysis Design develop and deploy ETL solutions for applications integrations, Analytics, business intelligent and report purpose.
Object oriented and test driving analysis, design, develop, unit test and deploy of data solutions using C# .NET Framework & Core with parallel processing, concurrency, and asynchronous programming to develop REST JSON & XML WEB API clients DLLs and implemented in SSIS SQL Packages and ETL process (Poppulo, Everbridge, jamf, Smartsheet, COVEO, Schoox and hashicorp vault).
CLOUD and serverless analysis, design and development using Azure Logic App & functions, to convert existing ETL integrations to replace EPICOR by Dynamic 365.
Use Selenium WebDriver and C# code, to create and maintain test methods and automation scripts.

Sep 2017 to Mar 2018 (Xoriant Contractor for CoreLogic) Senior Data Fulfillment Analyst(SSIS/.Net), 1248 Reamwood ave, sunnysvale CA, 94089 Phone 408-***-****.
Develop technology-based tools and platforms that automate and streamline workflows for mortgage lenders and servicers, the capital markets and real estate professionals.
Review requirements specified within defined specification sheet.
Develop and unit test data solutions for data extracts and complex ETL process.
Perform code reviews and quality assurance by other .NET & SQL developers.
Provide second-tier support for Data Fulfillment customers.

Mar 2015 to Jun 2017 (MEDNAX) Software Developer, 1500 Concord Terrace, Sunrise, FL 33323 Phone 800-***-****.
Develop solutions in an agile/scrum development environment.
Participate in code reviews, planning and estimation meetings.
Test solutions and troubleshoot issues.
Participate in cross-discipline collaboration with team members including the product owners, designers, and testers.
Design code and build the foundation Library that hold common classes, interfaces, extensions, types and enumerator to be implemented and reused by any other .NET applications.
Improve and fix the Clinical safety application, this is SPA using Angular in the front end and C#.NET framework in the back end.
Develop .net interfaces using socket connections, SFTP and FTP connections and consuming web services that enable files and images transfer between MEDNAX and their associates, error handling with retries and send email alerts notifications.
Develop .NET programs, SQL scripts, SSIS packages, SSRS reports and stored procedures to ETL and bulk upload from diverse formats to tables into SQL databases.
Develop WCF web services and WEB API to create services layer for HTML, mobile applications and client server applications.
Develop interfaces between medical Applications and collection applications to transfer collection and billing information.

Jul 2013 to Feb 2015 (MODIS Contractor for Memorial health system.) Software Developer at Technological resource center at Memorial health system, 3051 North Commerce Parkway, Miramar FL 33025 Phone 954-***-****.
Analysis, Object oriented Designed, architected using UML Diagrams, Object oriented developed using C#.NET, tested using Unit test classes and test methods to test the use cases, Documented using Doxygen and deploy, a .NET DLL to consume Oracle Service Cloud (Former Oracle RightNow) SOAP service, enabling any .net application to securely access and modify data contained in the Oracle Service Cloud platform.
Analysis, design and development of interfaces to allow communication between Caradigm provisioning modules and Oracle Service Cloud, Lawson Human Resource Management and Windows Active directory, MS exchange server and Sentillion Single Sign on.
Development of an Alert system that allows monitoring any event and notifying in different ways to any subscriber of the event (Implemented for follow SharePoint surveys responses and status, Passwords expirations, and Tissue track.)
Update and Add new pages and functionality to the corporate internal website using ASP.NET, DevExpress controls, jquery performing call back ajax operations consuming web methods and ASHX Handler sharing JSON serialization for auto complete controls.
Develop of WCF services to allow implement SOA architecture between custom and third party applications, consume and use the service functionality exposed in the service contracts.
Developed an application that works with bar code scanners to scan patient id from their Wristbands and print patient information in a slide printer for specimens analysis.

Oct 2012 to Jun 2013 (KFORCE Contractor for HBO Latin America.) Software Developer at HBO Latin America. 396 Alhambra Circle, Suite 400 Coral Gables, FL 33134 Phone 305-***-****.
Analysis, Designed, architected and develop a Middle tier windows service using OOP C# .net 4.5 and MS SQL 2008. For Integrate HBO digital video asset management systems with Kaltura using Kaltura API SDK - Native Client Libraries, ADO.NET & SQL 2008 R2 for CRUD operations, LINQ to Objects to manage, query, and order objects collections, XmlDocument Class for XML Metadata operations, WebClient Class for FTP operations, Use the mpr.dll to make a connection to a network resource with credentials, implement of task scheduler that ensures a maximum concurrency level while running on top of the thread pool for multitasking operations, SmtpClient Class to send events Alert and notifications e-mail to configured recipients, EventLog Class to Provide interaction with Windows event logs.
Work closely with external vendors to architect solutions based requirements.
Participate in the scrum weekly project planning meeting as member on the development team.
Talk and coordinate with Kaltura support team to report and follow the configuration changes and fixes necessary.
Work closely with internal teams including Technology & Operations, Programming, IT, Video Services, Mobile, Interactive Media and Marketing.
Implement a source control system using VISUALSVN SERVER and AnkhSVN.

Feb 2012 to Jul 2012 (Synergy Business Consulting Contractor for Ryder System, Inc.) Software Developer at Ryder System, Inc. 11690 NW 105th Street Miami, FL 33178 Phone 1-300-***-****
Participated as Software developer in multiple web projects in the Fleet Management information department.
Develop new modules for web applications and enhancing existing in-house developed applications used to make key business decisions.
Migrated reengineering web applications front end from previous .net frameworks to .net 4.0 and SQL 2005 to SQL 2008 R2 version in the back end.
Implemented and optimized complex stored procedures/functions to support CRUD operations ad hoc data request as well as ETL, SSIS and SSRS processes.

Feb 2011 to Nov 2011 (SkyBridge Resources Contractor for Wyndham Vacation Ownership) C#.NET, ASMX, WCF and SQL 2008 Software Developer at Wyndham Vacation Ownership 8427 South Park Circle Orlando, FL 32819 Phone 813-***-****
WVO [Wyndham Vacation Ownership] has begun a multiyear initiative called Project Voyager, which is designed to improve the inventory and reservation systems. The goal of the improvements is to create additional demand from existing timeshare owners to take more vacations each year.
Participated as Senior Software developer in the Project Voyager, migrating, fixing and developing new functionality in the PMS [Property Management System] Application Named (Focus) used in all front desk hotels of the WVO Company around the globe.
Focus PMS was moved from a decentralized to centralized schema. Migration, update and upgrade decentralized SQL 2005 databases, one for each Hotel to a centralized SQL 2008 database.
Migrate solution and applications from Microsoft visual studios 2005 and .Net framework 2.0 to Microsoft visual studios 2008 3.5, from visual source safe to Team foundation Server.
Changed the deployment of one application for each hotel server to just one deployment in a failover clustering & network load balancing server using Citrix desktop virtualization software.
Migrated from ASMX to WCF Web services and centralized the deployment for Business rules, DAL layer communication, booking engines and credit cards processing to a centralized IIS server.
Participate in the Scrum Sprints bi weekly project planning meeting as member of the Development team, deciding priorities, Maintenances and new developments strategies and delivery times.
Developed a migration tool that permitted import Inventory and accounting data from decommissioned system into Focus, improving dramatically the productivity, increasing the quantity of hotels migrating at the same time and reducing greatly errors and defects due to his validation functionality before and after the migration process.
Worked solving defect caused by bugs in the application and reported by the Quality Control team in the QC log system.
Analyzed, designed and programmed new requirements and functionality required in the Project during each sprint.

Aug 2010 to Oct 2010 (Contractor for Walt Disney World at Teksystems) SQL 2005 and C# .NET Developer at Walt Disney World 1555 E Buena Vista Dr Orlando, FL 32836 Phone 407-***-****
Maintenance to the Patron tracking system. (this is a software to control the computer access in different location for the public) C#.NET windows forms and SQL 2005, changes in the UI and the functionality,
Implemented the time zone handle for different geographical location, now the application is saving all the date times in UTC zone and this Time dates are converted to the specific time zone of the location at the moment of display or report.
Programmed some scalar functions in SQL 2005 to convert the date time columns to different time zones, altered some tables to add the time zone code, and altered stored procedures to convert date time columns to a specific time zone.
Changed reports using report services, fixed some defects in the datasets used for load report parameters, improved reports to show the correct data and calculations.
Developed a WCF Service to get data from a remote database and return an object with the data needed in the Patron tracking system.

Oct 2005 to Jun 2010 (Contractor for American Express Learning Network at Insight Global) .NET Developer & Database Administrator at American Express American Express way Plantation FL, 33324 Phone: 954-***-****.
Analyzed, designed, maintained, developed, and deployed applications using C#.NET, VB.NET, Telerik RadControls for ASP.NET AJAX that interact with SQL 2000-2005 databases using ADO.NET, LINQ to SQL with OOP techniques that run as web applications for support the operations training division.
Charged with supporting and maintenance several SQL 2000-2005 Servers databases in an international federated with replication environment.
Analyze, design, programming and implement of a solution for unify disperse databases in a central database using T-SQL in stored procedures, surrogate keys, multicolumn keys and enforce the data integrity through constrains.
Analyzed, designed, maintained, server based reporting solutions for the enhanced business intelligence e-learning data warehouse using SQL Reports Services and Crystal report.
Performed consulting and support duties as necessary to clients nationwide and overseas.

Apr 2005 to Sep 2005 (Contract) .NET Developer at General Medical Applications 1960-7 North Commerce Parkway, Weston FL, 33326 Phone: 1-888-***-****.
Analyzed, designed, maintained, developed, and deployed client side applications using OOP techniques with VB.NET, C#.NET and SQL 2000 that run as services for the interchange of clinical, financial, and administrative information among health care systems using HL7 messages.
Coordinated the interchange of information with other providers to determine the interface communication protocol(TCP/IP Socket, Webservices or file interchange) and the HL7 messages types in order to be replicate patient events in both systems using HL7 messages.
Assisted, oriented and aided the support department, in finding technical solutions to various technical problems.
Performed consulting and support duties as necessary to clients nationwide.

Jun 2003 to Apr 2005 (Full Time) Database Administrator and Developer at ACE LATIN AMERICA Two Datran Center 9130 S. Dadeland Blvd. Suite 1100 Miami, FL 33156 Phone: 305-***-****.
Charged with supporting and maintaining ACE’s windows SQL Servers databases with multiple instances in a replication and cluster environment.
Analysis design programming, testing and implementing ETL applications, necessary to extract Transform and load information from the main computer AS\400 to the MIS databases for Business intelligence applications (Brio Reports)
Implementation of a production, development and user testing area environments.
Design installation and implementation of DMZ for web-based application.
Performed help desk duties as necessary and support some corporate applications in Latin America.
March 2001 to May 2003, Full time Web Developer/Programmer America Online Latin-America 6600 North Andrews Avenue Suit 500 Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309 Phone: 954-***-****.

Analyzed, designed and developed CGI scripts in Perl and Active Server Pages ASP using ADO, JavaScript, Visual Basic Script.
Created Data bases tables and stored procedures in Sybase on AOL Server, Microsoft SQL Server and Access on IIS Server.
Developed a system to allow editors to schedule the publishing of content on AOLA’s web-portal.
Built a database multimedia library so that the designers from Mexico, Argentina Puerto Rico and Brazil, could save and update texts, pictures, music and video.
Developed ‘security and access’ modules in ASP, JavaScript and SQL Server 2000 using authentication provided by Autenthix™ Software within AOL's Business intelligence data warehouse Intranet over Microsoft IIS. Utilized Visual Interdev and SQL enterprise Manager for developing those modules.

April 2000 to December 2000, Senior programmer at www.todoahora.com (BIG CITY RADIO INC YFM) 2000 Ponce de Leon Blvd. 5th FL Coral Gables, FL 33134 Phone 305-***-****.
Analyzed, designed, and developed Perl CGI scripts and database tables to create dynamic web content.
Developed a ‘recipes’ database to allow users to post recipes to our web-site.
Developed queries and scripts for TodoAhora’s ‘Love Channel’.
Developed forms for a radio station partner allowing non-technical staff to update pages for themselves.

EDUCATION:

Escuela Internacional de computación E.I.C. Caracas Venezuela
Analysis and Programming, Computer Software Engineering
1981 - 1983

Universidad Nacional Abierta Caracas Venezuela
Systems Engineering
1983
RELEVANT COURSES AND CERTIFICATIONS:
ASP .net MVC 4 Web Applications
Professional Scrum Master.
Visual Basic introduction.
Analysis structured of systems of information.
Visual Basic Programming.
Design structured of systems of information.
SQL and PL/SQL.
Implementation.
Management in Informatics.
Program of Management.
C#,NET Programming.
Projection and financial simulation.
SQL workshop.
Automation of resources.
Development by prototypes.
Organization.
Test driving development (TDD)
Systems of factory for executives.
Basics Concepts local area networks.
Seminar of total quality
Big Data Foundations.

HEALTCARE, HOTEL MANAGEMENT, MANUFACTURE, SALES, ACCOUNTING AND BANKING KNOWLEDGE: strong knowledge of manufacturing, Sales and distribution, invoicing, clients and products, credit control, Inventory and costing, accounts receivable / payable Debit and credit notes, payments and checks, accounting, general ledger, payroll, assignments and deductions, purchases and providers, banking loans management, checking and saving accounts, bank reconciliation, and strong knowledge of control of the production, and quality insurance.

CERTIFICATIONS AND REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST.
Contact this candidate