Sam Weston
Senior Software Engineer with almost *0 years of demonstrable experience
across a variety of technical stacks.
QL
EXPERIENCE
Nike, Remote —
Senior Data Engineer
Nov 2023 - Currently
Senior member of Nike’s Deployment Optimization Engineering team focused on optimizing the ordering and shipping destinations of Nike products across the United States based on historical demand trends. Responsible for bug fixing/migrating data pipelines from Airflow to Sagemaker pipelines built on an AWS infrastructure. Technical stack includes Python, Jenkins, AWS S3, Airflow, SQL, Spark, Snowflake, Sagemaker, Jenkins, and Docker.
Lark Health, Remote —
Senior Data Engineer
Jan 2023 - April 2023
Senior member of Lark’s Data Engineering team responsible for bug fixing/refactoring data pipelines ensuring data quality and correctness, analyzing tech debt, and orchestrating the delivery of reports to our partners. Technical stack included Airflow/Python, AWS S3 data lake storage, data transformation code written in Scala, and aggregations/transformations across SQL (MySQL, Redshift, PostGres), Snowflake, Databricks and Spark.
Kinsa, Inc., Remote —
Senior Data Engineer
May 2020 - Sep 2022
Senior member of Kinsa’s Data team responsible for the collection of end user temperature and symptom set data collection to Amazon S3, Airflow pipeline ETL to Amazon Redshift, and an ETL of aggregated data to Postgres as part of our Python Flask API endpoint for external customers. Additionally, rewrote our shipping and logistics data store, and developed several bespoke data drops for clients, and advertising integrations for Amazon, Facebook, and Toucan Toco. Technical stack consisting of Python, Airflow, SQL (AWS Redshift, MySql, Postgres), S3, ETL, AWS Lambdas, Docker.
SKILLS
Data processing & ETL (10y)
Python 2/3 (10y),
SQL (20y),
Docker (7y),
Git (10y),
AWS EC2, ECR, S3 (6y),
Airflow (5y),
Kubernetes (1y),
C/C++ (7y),
Golang (1y),
Java (3y),
Javascript (5y)
AWARDS
Patent, Miralink DRML
Developed an application to
accurately measure disk IO on
Windows NT based kernels.
Technology Innovation
Award, OHSU Awarded for
my work on data pipeline
infrastructure, and researcher
citation web application
Nike, Contractor, Hillsboro Oregon —
Senior Software Engineer
FEB 2019 - MAY 2020
Member of Hyperflow Data Platform Team. Developed Terraform scripts to build AWS clusters on the fly, ArgoCD applications to install customized versions of Kubeflow as Nike’s next generation Data Science Platform. Python 3, Golang, YAML, Docker, AWS (EC2, ECR, S3) Oregon Health & Science University, Portland, OR — Senior Software Engineer
OCT 2013 - AUG 2018
As part of the Bioinformatics team, I established relationships between departments, and owners of clinical systems housing patient data. Developed data pipelines / transforms in Python 3 and the Luigi pipeline framework. Developed a web application in Python 3 and Django framework to track researcher citations.
SingleMind Consulting, Portland, OR — Software Engineer OCT 2010 - OCT 2013
Developed software solutions for Cengage to deliver next generation coursework over a variety of learning management systems: BlackBoard, Moodle, Angel, and Desire2Learn. Primarily J2EE, Oracle, and Javascript. EDUCATION
Gonzaga University, Spokane WA — B.Sc. Computer Science AUG 1999 - MAY 2003
Contact this candidate