Jayant Yadav
Mobile: +91-982******* Email: ad82ct@r.postjobfree.com Passport No: M538847 Visa : B1/B2
Sr Technical Specialist/Team Lead in Datavail Infotech PROFILE SUMMARY
10+ years of IT Experience in multiple domains working as MSBI Lead/Data Engineer using Technology such as Sql Server, MySql, Postgresql, SSIS, SSRS, Microsoft Azure, Synapse Analytics, ADLS Gen2, Data Factory, Logic App, PowerBi, PowerShell, PySpark, PySql, Snowflake, Azure Fabric.
Having Experience in building/Designing Data warehousing and Data Modeling.
Facilitated project planning by effectively estimating technical tasks, resulting in superior sprint execution and on-time delivery.
Manage a team of developers for project development, delivery, and maintenance. Having 3 years of experience in Team Handling
Experience in providing technological solutions by engaging with business stakeholders for evolving strategic vision, driving change, building product/ services roadmap, infusing new ideas, implementing emerging technologies for the long run, and taking enterprise system performance & productivity to next level.
Expertise in the concepts of end-to-end project planning & implementation including scope management, activity sequencing, cost estimation, risk analysis & mitigation, impact analysis and quality management.
Strong ability to evaluate and apply new technologies in a short time & fast learner with good interpersonal and project management skills.
Capable of working independently, managing small to large engagements, multi-tasking, and a good team player. CERTIFICATIONS
Azure Data Engineer Associate (DP-203)
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Working with Datavail Infotech, Mumbai as Sr Technical Specialist/Team Lead from Jan 2021 till Date.
Working will ACG Inspection, Mumbai as Sr Data Engineer from April 2019 till Jan 2021.
Worked with Loylty Rewardz, Mumbai as Senior Software Engineer from Aug 2017 till April 2019.
Worked with Allscripts (Onsite USA) on payroll of Sutherland Healthcare Solution, Pune as Implementation Engineer from Aug 2016 to Aug 2017.
Worked with Kotak Security on payroll of Melstar Information Technology, Mumbai as Software Engineer from July 2015 to Aug 2016.
Worked with Multiline Business Solution PVT LTD, Mumbai as Sql Developer from July 2014 to July 2015
Worked with Softgainz Technologies Pvt Ltd as a SQL Server Developer from Feb 2013 to July 2014. PROJECT DETAILS
Projects in Datavail Infotech:
Client: USMR, TNG Retail
Role and Responsibilities
1. Designed and developed ETL/ELT pipelines using Azure Data Factory to ingest, process, and transform customer data. 2. Building the pipelines to copy the data from source to destination in Azure Data Factory 3. Led the design and development of a scalable Azure-based analytics platform, improving data processing speed. 4. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to identify and seize business opportunities through data analytics. 5. Optimized Azure SQL database performance, cutting storage costs without compromising on speed. Created Tables in Synapse to load the data from the data lake to Synapse. 6. Creating/Modify Stored procedure, Trigger, Function as per the requirement and optimizing the Query performance. 7. Worked with cross-functional teams to understand customer needs and develop data solutions that enable faster and more accurate decision-making.
8. Developed and maintained data models to support customer data requirements and enable data visualization. Clients: Athome, Signature Aviation, ARC, USMR
Role and Responsibilities
1. Worked on Full life cycle development (SDLC) involving in all stages of development. 2. Involved in system study, analyses the requirements by meeting the client and designing the complete system. 3. Designed SSIS packages to load data from source to Data Warehouse. 4. Developed complex SQL Server (SQL) queries with Sub Query, Derived Query, Joins, Union, CTE, Stored Procedures, Functions, Views, Triggers, Dynamic SQL etc.
5. Worked with various SSIS control flow tasks and data transformations like Data Conversion, Derived Column, Look-up, Conditional Split, Aggregate transformations etc. as part of ETL. 6. Come up with suggestions and recommendations regarding monitoring, performance enhancements, notifications, etc. where required.
7. Created SSIS Packages to load a variety of large volume data into data warehouse from different sources like CSV files, Text files and Excel Spreadsheets.
8. I widened on to improve SQL Query performance, SQL Query analytics and highly complex joins to populate the desired result set.
9. Created different Facts and Dimension tables to increase the performance of complex SQL queries that are used in SSRS reporting.
10. Worked on analysis of the data and developed plan based on the ETL specifications. Projects in ACG INSPECTION:
Project: Verisheld/Verify (Pharmaceutical Serialization Solutions) Clients: Lupin, Ajanta, Alembic, Novartis, Sanofi
Description: This product is mainly for pharmaceutical supply chain, track and trace refers to the process of determining a drug’s current and past locations. When track and trace is correctly implemented, a drug can be tracked throughout the supply chain and traced back up the supply chain upon return or recall this product is design for INDIA, EUROP, RUSSIA, USA keeping all the compliance related to country regulatory which hep to manufacture and supply the drugs to end consumer with proper trace and trace of each and all drugs produce into respective county. Role & Responsibilities:
1. Understand the regulatory guidelines for durg manufacturing. 2. Work with the software developers and Development Lead, to architect and implement new features and solutions for customers.
3. Creating/Modifying Stored procedure, Trigger, Function as per the requirement. 4. Develops and supports database architecture and development to create and enhance the Applications. 5. Hands-on Database Performance and Scalability experience with design knowledge of physical and logical database schemas and tables
6. Lead DB team to get the work done on time
7. Backup and restore data setup production server/UAT server with coordination with IT infra team. 8. Coordinate with Multiple stack holder for on-time delivery of the product. 9. Designed SSIS Packages to Data movement from one system to another. 10. Creation visualization report using powerbi for few of the customer and business stack holder. Projects in LOYALTY REWARDZ:
Clients: State Bank of India, PNB Bank
Project 1: Promotion Points Posting and Optimization Description: Each Bank has different scenarios for promotion points posting to users’ account. The bank has defined its own logic to generate a promotion script for providing additional promotion points to users’ account. Users can redeem their points using each bank portal or MAX Get More or in merchant that associate with Loyalty program. It gives additional points for new joining users, providing Max Get More App Downloading promotion points to users. Code for Registration Types MOBA – Mobile Banking Registration INBA – Internet Banking Registration Build the business logic with optimization methods to improve the performance of promotion points posting logic. Role & Responsibilities:
1. Analyze user requirements and developed new logic accordingly. Using optimization methods for improve the performance and testing it. Used SSIS and SSRS tool for files movement MIS Report generation. 2. Creating/Modifying Stored procedure, Trigger, Function as per the requirement. 3. Designed dynamic SSIS Packages to transfer data crossing different platforms, validate data during transferring, and archived data files for different DBMS.
4. Enhancing and deploying the SSIS packages from development server to production server. 5. Creation of reports using SSRS for customized and ad-hoc Queries. Project 2: Data Migration
Description:
Data Migration was performed for all the banks which were initially part of the BAU environment and later moved to an Automation System. Presently (in BAU) the data is processed through TSQL scripts and stored in the database. Automated system has come up with a web app which will do the processing through an application. Backend of the Automated System is MYSQL. Role & Responsibilities: -
1. Understand the new system (Data Model) and based on that do the gap analysis. 2. Gap Analysis includes column mappings, plus query building to push the data in the final system. Once the gap analysis is done finalize an approach (SSIS Packages) to move the data from source system to the destination system. 3. Data Movement was done in phases (Full load &Incremental Load). PROJECTS IN Allscripts /Sutherland Healthcare Solution: Client: Allscripts
Project: Revenue Cycle Management
Revenue cycle management (RCM) is the financial process, utilizing medical billing software, that health-care facilities use to track patient care episodes from registration and appointment scheduling to the final payment of a balance. RCM unifies the business and clinical sides of healthcare by coupling administrative data, such as a patient's name, insurance provider and other personal information, with the treatment a patient receives and their health-care data. Communicating with health insurance companies is a key component of RCM.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
1. Understanding the existing EHR system which the client is using from the back-end perspective, analyzing the database structures.
2. Creating/Modifying Stored procedure, Trigger, Function as per the requirement. 3. Writing scripts like stored procedure to create reports. 4. Files Imports/Exports/Updates using BCP, Bulk Insert and DTS (Fixed Length, Tab delimited, comma delimited formats, etc.)
5. Data transformation, data cleansing, data conversion which can be further processed and loaded into SFM (Sunrise Financial Manager).
6. Creating SSIS package for Extracting, Transforming and Loading data into SQL Server, Flat files and vice versa. PROJECTS IN MELSTAR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PVT LTD: Client: Kotak Security
Project1: Data Migration (ETL Project)
Project2: Incentive Calculation System
Role & Responsibilities: -
1. Responsible for Extracting, Transforming and Loading data from Sql Server 2005, Flat files and placing it into Datawarehouse.
2. Creating/Modifying Stored procedure, Trigger, Function as per the requirement. 3. Writing scripts like stored procedure to create reports. 4. Files Imports/Exports/Updates using BCP, Bulk Insert and DTS (Fixed Length, Tab delimited, comma delimited formats, etc.)
5. Data transformation, data cleansing, data conversion which can be further processed and loaded into SFM (Sunrise Financial Manager).
6. Creating SSIS package for Extracting, Transforming and Loading data into SQL Server, Flat files and vice versa. 7. Requirement gathering from the end user and understand the new requirement. 8. Impact analysis of entire system before undertaking any development 9. Database designing for the new requirement undertaken. 10. Generalizing the Entire System so that in future any new bank can be easily integrated with the ICS. 11. Creating/Modify Stored procedure, Trigger, Function as per the requirement and optimizing the Query performance. EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor of Information Technology (BSC (I.T)) – 2009 -2012 with First Class from KES College Mumbai.
HSC – 2008-2009 with First Class from Nirmal Memorial College.
SSC – 2006 – 2007 with second class from GES School. DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that all the information specified above is correct and true at the best of my knowledge. Date:
Place: Mumbai (Jayant Yadav)
Contact this candidate