Mahita Selvaraj
Data Scientist
+1-703-***-**** ad835i@r.postjobfree.com Open to Remote Open to Relocate LinkedIn EXPERIENCE
Course Grader
Falls Church Sep '23 — Dec '23
Assessed student work for ECE 3304: Introduction to Power Systems and Power Electronics, providing constructive feedback to enhance understanding of core engineering principles. Demonstrated thought leadership through improving grading methodology.
Teaching Assistant
Falls Church Feb '23 — May '23
Assisted in designing and conducting simulation experiments to evaluate the performance of traffic, queues, LANs, and internetworks, while developing network models to analyze communication protocols. Led in-depth sessions on communication technologies, covering medium access protocols, routing, service discovery, and management in wireless networks, as well as TCP/IP support for seamless mobility and state-of-the-art practices in mobile ad hoc and sensor networks.
Covered state-of-the-art practices and solutions in traffic mobility and modern communication technologies. Research Intern
SSN COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING
May '21 — Jul '21
Chennai, India
Developed and trained a 9-layer Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for modulation classification, achieving a training and testing accuracy of 96.65%. Used MATLAB to generate synthetic, channel-impaired waveforms to classify modulation types such as BPSK, QPSK, and 64-QAM.
Addressed challenges in detecting similar modulation types (16-QAM, 64-QAM, QPSK, 8-PSK) due to symbol overlap and channel impairments.
EDUCATION
Master in Computer Engineering, Virginia Tech Falls Church Falls Church, United States Specialized in Machine Learning, coursework includes: Machine Learning Applications, Advanced Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Information Security, Web Applications and Developement, Capstone project associated with Collins Aerospace.
Bachelor in Electronics and Communication, MIT, Anna University Chennai Chennai, India Developed a strong foundation in core subjects like electronic circuits, communication systems, signal processing, and embedded systems. I worked on several projects that integrated hardware and software solutions, sharpening my problem- solving skills and technical expertise.
PROJECTS
Stress Detection from Social Media Articles
Conducted a comprehensive study on detecting stress indicators from social media platforms like Reddit and Twitter using machine learning and deep learning models, aiming to enhance real-time mental health monitoring. Implemented various models, including Logistic Regression, LSTM, CNN, BERT, and RoBERTa, utilizing techniques like text tokenization, feature extraction (TF-IDF), and model fine-tuning. Preprocessing involved cleaning, tokenization, and encoding textual data to improve classification accuracy. Achieved a validation accuracy of 91.87% with the BERT model. Demonstrated the effectiveness of deep learning techniques in identifying nuanced linguistic stress markers from social media posts. Human-Autonomy Teaming for Search and Rescue
Collaborated with Collins Aerospace to create a prototype for Search and Rescue (SAR) using autonomous robots while applying human intelligence to the system while defining the trust relation between the both by leveraging the Three state model method, coupled with a game-theoretic approach and long short-term memory. Utilized terrain data, ground searcher models and lost person models to generate heat maps that were used for optimized search aerial UAV path planning.
Sign Language Interpreter and Translator
Developed an embedded system utilizing RNN for real-time sign language recognition, showcasing expertise in data modelling and multimodal data processing.
Implemented a seamless data conversion pipeline to translate recognized sign language gestures into both textual and audio formats, showcasing proficiency in multimodal data processing and accessibility-focused design. Achieved an accuracy of 96.218 for a batch size of 100 and learning rate of 0.00005. SKILLS
Programming Python, MySQL, C++, HTML, CSS, Java Script Machine Learning SciPy (NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib), Scikit-learn, TensorFlow & Keras Data Analysis Microsoft Azure, Tableau, MS Excel, Data Modeling, Data pipelining, Statistical Modeling Big Data Hadoop, Spark
Soft Skills Communication, Attention to detail, Problem solving, Time management, Team work
Contact this candidate