Ally H Mtinginya
SUMMARY
Advanced network troubleshooting and software fault isolation skills in a data center environment with fiber, cable Vast knowledge of all data center hardware to include HP, Cisco, Hitachi, Supermicro, and PaloAlto. server/storage/networking devices.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
June2023-June2024
ADT SECURITY HOUSTON TEXAS
Technician
Installs, tests and repairs security and fire alarm systems to business and homes. Consults with clients on system requirements, provide system recommendations and cost estimates, uses blueprint or building plans to determine proper system to install based on building layout maintain and repair security-related concerns
Identify and troubleshoot basic network related problems on hardware or software monitor alarm wiring and equipment to ensure work is under safety standards. Fiber optic, cable, installation
January 2021 May 2023
Pyramid consultant Inc
{DXC TECHNOLOGY HOUSTON TEXAS}
DATA CENTER TECHNICIAN
Skilled individual hands-on professionals who know how to provide various services that will keep data center and hardware networks operating smoothly, as a first line of defense I work hard to keep companies' valuable and sensitive information safe. Customer oriented, Cable technician expert, fiber optic, multitasker proficient at installation procedure for wireless and fiber connection
January 2010 - January 2017
Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Houston, TX
Data Center Systems Engineer
Ability to install and configure devices, troubleshooting, safety procedure, operation and control, assisting on inspection and repair of various cable, cat5, cat6, fiber optic provide assistance to customer a comprehensive breakdown of different packages including testing SFP proper uses of all equipment and tools necessary to perform assigned tasks provide update on ongoing project to the manager
March 2018- Nov 2020 Rose International contracted to Chevron, Houston, TX Systems Engineer/Lead Tech
Lead Tech responsible for the configurations, upgrades and troubleshooting of servers, storage, firewalls, load balancers and networking devices.
Performed server builds/rebuilds per customer request via Chevron approved OS images. Served as Team Lead ensuring all ticketing was assigned to the data center team for completion and monthly/annual compliance tasks were assigned and completed prior to deadline.
Worked directly with CEBRES and local electricians on electrical installs, decommissions, and troubleshooting within the data center. Responsible for training the data center team on new technologies and processes to administer data center devices. Worked directly with customers on advanced configurations/troubleshooting of firewalls, switches, and routers. Helped the data center team ensure over 99% uptime during my employment with no major incidents. Assisted in the daily operations of the HPE Converged Systems Data Center (switch (ethernet and fiber channel)/router configurations, server and software installs, upgrades, rack and stack, storage provisioning, advanced troubleshooting, and monitoring). Managed five Converged Systems R&D Labs off-site from the data center ensuring systems, solutions, and networks were up and running with little to no downtime.
Provided QA testing on Converged System solutions prior to final market release. Provided remote access via RDP and iLO to off-site engineers to ensure each had constant remote access to their projects. Installation of current Windows, Linux/Redhat, and ESXi operating systems depending on the needs of each project. Configuring VLAN, IRF, Trunks, and Bridge Aggregation on top of rack switches to ensure proper connectivity to each solution. Managed each labs IP address schema to ensure no duplicate IP's were issued (IPV4/IPV6). Provided technical support for our partners, including Microsoft, SQL, and Oracle. Experience with HP's OneView and Microsoft SCCM for infrastructure administration. Managed millions of dollars' worth of equipment with $0 loss during my employment. August 2007 -January 2010 Hewlett Packard,
Houston, TX System’s Engineer (Contractor)
Responsible for testing Disaster Recovery options on all released and pre-released HP Proliant Servers, controllers, and DAS devices (tape libraries, autoloaders, tape drives, and D2D Backup Systems) in SAS, SCSI, iSCSI and USB environments. Expert knowledge of HP's One Button Disaster Recovery (OBDR) using both Windows (2003/2008) and Linux (Redhat/SUSE) Operating Systems.
Advanced skills installing, configuring, and testing leading ISV applications including Backup Exec, CA ArcServe, HP Data Protector, and Yosemite Data Protector Express, including pre-released versions not yet available to consumers. Document all testing using HP's Test Tracking System (TTS) and Quality Center applications ensuring all testing failures are submitted to HP's Quality Information Exchange (QuIX) application for escalation. Ensure all servers, controllers, operating systems, backup software, and backup devices are configured with the latest BIOS, Firmware, and Patches for daily testing.
Provided network consulting for Community State Banks in Texas, Louisiana, Oklahoma and Arkansas. Responsible for installing networking equipment (servers, routers, switches, firewalls, printers) for new banks and new bank branches in Windows 2000/2003 environments.
Installed Exchange 2003 for existing clients not currently configured with corporate email. Worked directly with FISERV, Harland Financial, ITI, and Jack Henry on a daily basis to ensure banking applications/peripherals are installed and configured correctly for each client. Maintained and created user accounts and Group Policies within Active Directory for each client. Installed and configured Enterprise-Wide backup solutions for each client using Symantec Backup Exec. Provided monthly maintenance to all contract customers including server/network maintenance, server/system updates using WSUS, and advanced troubleshooting for network issues. Configured, installed, and maintained more then 60 end-user workstations and servers, including new hardware and software components, rebuilds, and upgrades for all corporate entities in the Texas region. Monitored and maintained LAN/WAN hardware as well as implementing backup solution. Installed and administered corporate- wide antivirus solutions.
Monitored network activity and provided supervisors with quarterly usage reports. Expansion and management of existing network, installing patches and updates, creating users, granting security rights, and establishing interdepartmental file and print sharing. Developed and maintained inventory of all corporate information systems, software, and peripherals. Implemented FTP server for data transmissions between corporate headquarters and India. Assisted in installing, administering, troubleshooting, and maintaining Microsoft NT/2000 networks and Exchange Servers for over 120+ separate residential and business accounts. Provided first-level hardware, software, and network support, ensuring expedient resolutions with total customer satisfaction in mind.
Implemented antivirus, firewall, and employee tracking solutions for existing clients. Trained clients on software, hardware, and backup solutions.
Upgraded, repaired, and built custom workstations and servers for individual clients needs. Purchased equipment and monitored inventory for company.
Contact this candidate