Rekha Dhanpal
Android Engineer
ad8f29@r.postjobfree.com • 651-***-****
Marietta, GA
Summary
Visionary, multifaceted, and results-driven professional with over 10 years in Android Design and Development. Possesses a track record of executing architect, design, and testing processes that result in stable applications being released in the marketplace. Regularly assume leadership roles, introducing best practices that streamline operations while effectively directing teams with performance continuously meeting or surpassing expectations. Well-versed in client relations, building rapport as delivering results that drive satisfaction and retention, critical to company sustainability and profitability.

Career Highlights

●I like learning new technologies, currently I am in process of finishing my PG im AI/ML for Data science from Texas University.
●Involved in various design phases of mobile application development and publishing process.
● Created SDK for security oriented android applications.
●Created many Augmented Reality applications in android:-Logo detector,bring product to life, bring poster to live, etc.
●Known for writing efficient, maintainable and reusable standard code that preserves privacy and security.
●Proficient in object-oriented design, data structures, problem solving, complexity analysis,and debugging techniques.
●Regarded as a self-motivated and well organized team lead & player.
●Also known for interacting with over-sea clients effortlessly.
Technical Proficiencies
Process & Methodologies:
Iterative and Agile (Scrum)
Operating Systems:
Android, Windows, Linux (ubuntu), MS-Dos, MAC-OS
Programming Languages:
Android, Kotlin, Java, C++, Flutter, iOS
Tools & Technologies
Android SDK, Android API’s, Eclipse, gradle, intellIJ, OpenGL, Git-Gerrit, svn, redmine, jira, asana, SQLITE, vuforia, opencv, Andriod Studio, beacon, BLE, zebra scanner, RFID,
Functional Areas
Enterprise Mobility Applications: Collaboration, Education, Healthcare, Retail, IOT, Electronics, Public safety, Jail Correction officer experience platform.
Career Experience
GuardianRFID, Minnesota 01/31/2022 To PRESENT
Android Engineer
Command Cloud is an officer experience platform (OXP) of integrated applications and services, giving corrections warriors real-time situational awareness through a common operating picture.
●Consistently leveraging industry knowledge and best practices to create and shape architecture and technical strategies.
●Design, Develop and testing and code Reviews
●Command Cloud - Officer Experience Platform GUARDIAN RFID
American information technology corporation 03/15/2020 To 01/28/ 2022
Address - 14285 Midway Rd Ste 100, Addison, TX 75001
Software Engineer
Gather information related to the purpose of the app as well as recognize the needs of potential users, and carry out actions that see the project through, from planning to release on Google Play. Throughout the project life cycle, perform development testing and write Unit testing and UI espresso test cases as proactive measures to identify complex issues and bugs, in addition to shortening the time to market as problems are addressed. Contribute to app updates and additional features, ensuring that product stability and integrity are maintained.
●Consistently leveraging industry knowledge and best practices to create and shape architecture and technical strategies.
●Along with providing support to team members, serve as a mentor to interns, with insights and tools resulting in individuals maximizing their potential.
●Digikey Playstore Link
Robert Half Technology 08/14/2019 To 03/12/ 2020
Address - 800 Nicollet Mall, Suite 2700, Minneapolis, MN 55402
Software Engineer
Gather information related to the purpose of the app as well as recognize the needs of potential users, and carry out actions that see the project through, from planning to release on Google Play. Throughout the project life cycle, perform development testing and write Unit testing and UI espresso test cases as proactive measures to identify complex issues and bugs, in addition to shortening the time to market as problems are addressed. Contribute to app updates and additional features, ensuring that product stability and integrity are maintained.
●Consistently leveraging industry knowledge and best practices to create and shape architecture and technical strategies.
●Along with providing support to team members, serve as a mentor to interns, with insights and tools resulting in individuals maximizing their potential.
●Digikey Playstore Link
Lab651 07/12/2018 To 01/28/ 2019
Address - 550 Vandalia St Ste 224, Saint Paul, MN 55114
Android Developer
Across multiple mobile applications, integral to the design and building of various aspects that led to stable versions being released to users. With multiple departments, defined features that consumers needed/ wanted and wrote corresponding code. Methodically ran tests throughout all phases, troubleshooting bugs with solutions reducing usage interruptions, critical to sustaining or improving satisfaction. Moreover, integrated new tools and technologies that optimized workflow which ensured final apps were delivered on time and on budget.
●Apps developed and released were Craftman Smart Lawn, Vitals beacon, and Vitals first responder.
●Craftsman Smart Lawn Playstore Link
●Vitals beacon Playstore Link
●Vitals First Responder Playstore Link
Kratin Software Solutions Pvt, Ltd, 07/23/2012 To 02/27/ 2017
Address - B2-First Floor,47, Harihar Nagar, Nagpur - 440034, India
Pilot Technologist
●In partnership with Khanapal app creators, designers, and supplementary stakeholders, transformed an interactive concept into a tangible product utilized by consumers.
●Delivered an original idea to the client that resulted in being appointed as the Project Lead.
●Designed and developed an application from scratch which involved the procurement of best resources and directing personnel including interns having created a collaborative setting critical to the final product meeting or exceeding expectations.
●Provide an influential voice related to ongoing process improvement that enhanced company performance.
●Promoted the company and services at events in which potential clients were shown demonstrations that showcased the capabilities and quality of service offered by the team and overall enterprise.
●Internal App
Additional Experience
Technologist, Kratin Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd – Krumbs App and SDK - Internal App
Associate Technologist, Kratin Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd – jIOSearch
Associate Technologist, Kratin Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd – Watchdox
●Watchdox Playstore Link (Renamed as Blackberry workspace now)

Education & Degress
Master of Computer Applications 09/06/2012
Speciality - Computer Applications (equivalent to Computer Science)
Address - Nagpur University, Maharashtra, India

Bachelor of Computer Applications 06/01/2008
Speciality - Computer Applications (equivalent to Computer Science)
Address - Veer Narmad South Gujarat University, Gujarat, India
Contact this candidate