Ambika Ghadlinge
Pompano Beach, FL 615-***-****) ad8hht@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn

Summary
Ambika is a seasoned professional with over 7 years of expertise in Automation, Manual, Database and Data Warehouse (DWH) testing, complemented by a strong background in development and testing methodologies. She is proficient in developing and documenting comprehensive Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Procedures, and Test Scripts for various applications, such as Relational Databases, Java, WEB, and Client/Server. Ambika's analytical prowess and effective communication skills enable her to collaborate seamlessly within cross-functional teams and engage in independent work with minimal supervision. With a proactive and collaborative approach, Ambika contributes significantly to successful testing initiatives and consistently delivers high-quality results.

Professional Experience

New York City Department of HPD // Remote, FL– QA Engineer Jan 2022 – Present
●Proficiently analyzed Business and Requirement Specifications, resulting in the formulation of comprehensive
●Test Lab and Test Strategy, while designing effective Test Plans.
●Leveraged Maven as the build tool, GIT for version control, Jenkins for Continuous Integration, and JIRA as the defect tracking tool, streamlining the development, and testing processes.
●Developed and designed SQL Queries for various checks and validations, including Structural, Count, Data integrity, and Data Completeness, ensuring the accuracy and reliability of the data.
●Actively participated in daily Scrum meetings and bi-weekly Sprint releases, fostering effective communication and collaboration within the team.
●Successfully performed functional, regression, and End-to-End testing of new releases in Workplace Engagement.
●Conducted extensive Cross Browser Compatibility testing on various web browsers like Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, and Google Chrome to ensure optimal performance across platforms.
●Prepared detailed reports on automation difficulties and test results, facilitating further improvements and application enhancements.
●Proficiently developed Automation Scripts using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, and Java, streamlining the testing process and enhancing efficiency.
●Implemented Page Object Model Automation framework with Core Java, Selenium WebDriver, and Cucumber.

Web Hub Technologies // Pune QA Engineer August 2020 – June 2021
●Proficiently analyzed Business and Requirement Specifications. Designing Test Lab and formulation of Test Strategy, Test Plans Performed functional testing to identify various critical points in the application and automated it by using Selenium web driver.
●Developed and executed test cases, logged the defects using Bugzilla, story validation including the use of exploratory test methodologies.
●Developed the automation framework using Selenium for functional testing, Smoke Testing and Regression Testing.
●Performed functional testing, regression testing and End to End testing of the new releases in Workplace Engagement.
●Tested compatibility of application for dynamic and static content under various cross browsers using HTML ids and XPATH, CSS in Selenium.
Web Hub Technologies // Pune - QA Engineer Jul 2017– Mar 2020
●Effectively communicated with QA Lead and QA Team members to address and resolve issues, fostering a collaborative testing environment.
●Played a pivotal role in software acceptance testing and production release procedures throughout the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Documented the successful or unsuccessful completion of each test condition in the Test Director script repository, verifying actual results against expected outcomes.
Skills
Testing Tools: Selenium, GIT
Programming: Core Java, JavaScript, HTML, XPath, SQL.
Defect Tracking Tools: Jira, Bugzilla.
Certifications: Trecentist TOSCA Fundamentals AS1 & AS2
Build CFG/CI/Tools: Maven, Jenkins, GitHub.
Testing Frameworks: Page Object Model (POM), Data Driven, Keyword Driven, Hybrid Framework.
Project Methodologies: SDLC, STLC, Agile (Scrum), Waterfall.
Databases: SQL Server, Oracle, My SQL.
Others: Web browsers, MS Office tools, Windows OS.

Education
Bachelor of Information Technology, Shri Guru Govind Singhji Nanded, India August 2014 – May 2017
Contact this candidate