Paul DePons
Lake Worth, FL ***** USA
email: ad8lan@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 561-***-****

SUMMARY
A seasoned professional with extensive experience in designing and implementing data warehouse solutions, including comprehensive work with Snowflake, Teradata, and Oracle systems. With over 20 years experience working on RDBMS migrations, my expertise spans across ELT processes and more recently cloud migrations to Snowflake from both Teradata and Oracle with a strong focus on enabling cost efficient advanced analytics. I thrive in a collaborative environment, leveraging my technical and communication skills to drive projects forward.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Compucom May 2022 – April 2024
Principal Engineer / Data Architect
Engaged to help lead the migration from Oracle on premises to Snowflake including
1. Design and implementation of Snowflake Access Roles and compute warehouse definition
2.Design and develop dynamic SQL to create Snowflake load scripts
3.Lead design and standardize snowflake stored procedures from legacy Oracle PL/SQL
Lead conversion and support in Legacy Oracle Data Warehouse of Oracle financial ERP source systems
Provide data warehouse guidance in ETL and Administration including conversion of source applications from Amdocs to SalesForce and Oracle On-prem to Oracle Cloud.

Pandera Systems June 2021 – May 2022
Snowflake Conversion Architect/Administration Consultant
Provide data warehouse administration and design on a Teradata to Snowflake Conversion. Included conversion validation, debugging and performance tuning of data migration, views and Microstrategy reporting.
Design and implementation of Access Roles, compute warehouse definition and user assignment
Design and developed dynamic SQL to create 100's of views to include an MD5 hash for data migration validation

Office Depot Nov. 2012 – June 2021
Data Architect/Lead Developer Nov 2003 - Nov. 2010
Teradata to Snowflake Conversion.
1.Led consulting development team with SME knowledge and technical support for legacy systems to support conversion
2.Provided review and communication to OD support team on conversion efforts and progress
3.Created SQL to create and standardize Snowflake DDL from Teradata table definitions
4.Created dynamic Shell scripts to extract data from Teradata and load into snowflake
5.Led effort for final shut down of Teradata.
Lead resource for ETL standardization and development
Aided and supported multiple database upgrades, tuning and conversions
Worked extensively with DBAs on Join Index maintenance and planning
Designed logical and physical data models using 3NF as well as data marts.
Created automated Unix scripts for data movement, DDL generation and data validation for the Snowflake and Teradata conversion.
Lead for CCPA compliance reporting

JM Family Nov. 2010 – 2012
Data Migration Architect to Teradata
Led migration team conversion to Teradata data warehouse from an Oracle design.
Included automated implementation through recursive SQL of Multi-value compression
Implementation of a Dual Active DB system.

Teradata Retail Division (NCR) Nov. 2000 – Oct. 2003
Post sales Data Warehouse Consultant
Technical lead from conception through implementation of Teradata RDBMS
Created Data Model designs
Led ELT team in several new data warehouse implementations.
Led Migration of data warehouse from Informix to Teradata
Provided Database administration support
Provided performance tuning for Microstrategy and CRM applications.

PROGRAM LANGUAGES/SOFTWARE
SQL Snowflake Cloud Database, Teradata Database, Teradata Utilities (BTEQ, Fastload, Fastexport, Multiload, TPump, QueryMan, Viewpoint), UNIX/Linux Shell Scripting, Mainframe Utilities, MVS/JCL and DataStage. Erwin Data Modeler, Embarcadero Data Architect,

2022 Snowflake Certified SnowPro Core
2002 Certified Teradata Master
1998 Graduate work in Information Systems (Roosevelt University)
Courses included: Database Design, Information Systems Design and Implementation.
Masters of Science in Management (University of Wisconsin at Milwaukee).
Bachelor of Business Administration (University of Wisconsin at Eau Claire).
Other languages: French: Lived two years in France.
Contact this candidate