Tony Lew
Los Angeles, CA *****
ad8phl@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/tonylew007
SUMMARY
Creative data engineering professional with 10+years of IT experience inallaspectsof automated data driven solutions.Highly accomplished,creative and curiosity-driven professional,offering agreatlevelofcompetenceinapplyingadvancedoptimizationand strategic implementation of automated solutions for the analysis of data. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Luminate Data
● Design solutions to capitalize on automated data driven approaches
● Architect solutions using Snowflake based cloud computing, Airflow orchestration, Python classes, AWS cloud platform.
● Contribute to the design and building of scalable data pipeline solutions.
● Align existing systems and processes to capitalize on business opportunities.
● Integrate standardized, simple, and supportable solutions.
● Design and collaborate with other professionals to seek the best solutions for optimal performance and supportability.
● Optimize query performance throughout the code base.
● Manipulation of variant, object, and array columns
● Update and simplify complex queries as part of the ETL process.
● Datawarehouse Snowflake schema design support and reinforcement
● Perform troubleshooting analysis and resolution of critical issues.
● Testing and deployment using Docker containers.
● Technologies involved: Snowflake, Airflow, Python, AWS, Glue, Docker, Jira, GitHub.
Deep Anchor Data Inc
● Design solutions to capitalize on automated data driven approaches Clients: Upwork, Confidential
Warner Bros
Design solutions to capitalize on automated data driven approaches
● Proactive participation in the coding standards for best practices to ensure optimal performance, security, scalability, and supportability
● Create and automate data retrieval from secure API end points using temporary access keys
● FulfilltheGDPRcompliancebyimplementingnecessaryprocessesthatcomplicitly ensure the legal and safe handling of CDP/PII data within the defined corporate standards
● Author and implement standardized Snowflake stored procedure usage.
● Create a process to enable any data pipeline to log progress and resume at last completion step in cases of failure
● Orchestrate data pipelines using Airflow, Python, Snowflake and bash.
● Introduce stored procedure standards to enhance the use and manageability of SQL code
● Enhance the value of the data pipeline by writing new codeandrewritingexisting portions of code that are not standard,obsolete,and/or difficult to maintain and support
● Datawarehouse snowflake schema design support and reinforcement
● Reinforce idempotency when designing the Airflow DAG and writing the code
(Python, SQL, Bash)
● Automate the daily logging and reporting of Snowflake time travel usage by user and emailing report to table defined groups
● Technologies involved: AWS (EMR, Redshift, S3), Airflow, Snowflake, Spark, Python/PySpark, GitHub, MySQL, Bash
Deep Anchor Data Inc
Design solutions to capitalize on automated data driven approaches Clients: Hulu, Disney, Kaiser, AT&T, SpaceX
● Led an initiative to unify ETL standardsbycollaboratingwithallteammembersto address concerns and forge a comprehensive solution.
● Proactive participation in thecodingstandardsforbestpracticestoensureoptimal performance, security, scalability, and supportability.
● Initiate database coding strategies (idempotence,unit testing,source control,)to align with and fulfill the goals of continuous deployment.
● Automate DB code deployment to different servers and environments
(development,pre-production,production)regardless of location (on-site,off-site, AWS) using GoLang.
● Construct acontainerizeddevelopmentenvironmentusingKubernetesandDocker to isolate development with GoLang,PostgreSQL,and many other containerized applications.
● Develop a scalable continuous integration environment on Google CloudPlatform
(GCP)toorganize,test,anddeploycontainerizedsolutionsusingComputeEngine, Container Registry, and Cloud SQL (PostgreSQL).
● Successfully designed and delivered a PaaS solution on AWS with Elastic Beanstalk/EC2 using a GoLang RESTful API,RDS using PostgreSQL,S3 for unstructured data, and Git for source control.
● Use DBT to assist in the visualization of OLAP data.
● Author and implement standardized Snowflake stored procedure usage.
● Augment ETL pipeline with big data technology scripting in CRON jobs using Hive, Presto, PySpark.
● Orchestrate data pipelines using Airflow, Python, Snowflake and bash.
● Data modeling for OLTP and OLAP and hybrid.
● Create automated ETL/ELT solutions using T-SQL,SSIS dynamicpackages,SQL jobs, and stored procedures using DB table driven control and logging.
● Datawarehouse snowflake schema design support and reinforcement
● Created and documented (Confluence)a generic database table logging schema and stored procedures that can be used by any database process.
● Created and documented (Confluence)a database driven,re-entrant,dynamic, SSIS package that uses the generic table logging schema andstoredprocedures with customized data fields while logging all events.
● Resolve performance issues by optimizing T-SQL coding along with indexing and schema design.
● Illustrate data by implementing interactive reporting methods and graphs
(http://rpubs.com/tone_lew/GlobalPopulationDemographics)along with traditional reporting packages like SSRS and Tableau.
● Technologies involved:GCP (GKE,GCE),AWS(EB/EC2,RDS,S3),PostgreSQL, Linux (Ubuntu,Alpine,CentOS),Bash,Snowflake,Hive,Presto,Spark, Python/PySpark,R,GoLang,GitHub,SQL Server (TSQL,table partitioning, replication, CLR integration), SSIS, Powershell.
American Standard Television
Designed solutions to flexibly and powerfully deploy set top boxes for optimal control and reporting
● Researched and programmed an algorithm to dynamically fill vacant content schedule slots for all times of a day selecting from different pools of content (0-1 Knapsack problem).
● Implementedanalgorithmtomakecontentrecommendationstoviewers(Knearest neighbors).
● Integrated a key value store database (like AWS Redis)to assimilate freely distributed movie and television content meta-data (TMDB) to a relational database.
● Designed database with internationalization in mind by storing time zone offsets, use of Unicode, ISO standards of country codes, currencies, and Geo-IP mapping.
● Created search engine for set top box as well as back end database system.
● Facilitated independent parallel development among team members by scripting entire database along with data, stored procedures, functions, and all objects.
● Extensive use of Tortoise SVN to collaborate and facilitate project deployment cycles within an Agile software development framework.
● Data modeling and database design of content management system,ETL procedures, analytic reporting database, and set top box.
● Collaborated with technical and business leads within the company to forge solutions and manage goals and expectations.
● Proactiveresearchanddevelopmentofdatabaseconceptsandproductsalongwith evolving challenges.
● Technologies involved:SQL Server 2012,T-SQL,SSIS,MySQL 5.5,Linux
(Ubuntu), Tortoise SVN, Agile.
EdgeCast Networks
Designed solutions to commercialize the ETL and reporting functions
● Designed SSIS packages for rapid deployment to anonymous environments by employing dynamic database driven packages and deployment by SQL scripts.
● Created an ETL reporting system in order to quickly and easily identify data flow.
● Frequently worked closely within teams in an Agile framework to complete projects.
● Optimized DML queries by aligning with table schema and indices.
● Contributed to a SQL development best practices guide for non-database personnel.
● Ongoing maintenance and monitoring of database operations.
● Implemented SSRS interface for company facing site and using production DB.
● Introduced a real time component using Python to read Lighttpd web logs in Hadoop and GeoIP data to find geographic location.
● Technologies involved:SQL Server 2008,SSIS,SSRS,Hadoop, Python, Agile.
MySpace
Ensured optimal database access for performance and scalability
● Designed data models and database access strategies to optimize data manipulation and storage
● Managed the stored procedure and T-SQL development to ensure the highest volume of concurrent data access.
● Innovated to develop strategies to define best practices for the MySpace environment.
● Interacted with developers and project managers to align goals, expectations, and responsibilities.
● Solved database query performance problems.
● Collaborated on projects within teams using an Agile framework.
● Technologies involved: SQL Server 2005, Full Text search, SSIS, Agile. EDUCATION
Snowflake Associate Architect Certificate Jan 2019 Coursera Data Science Certificate Apr 2016
Johns Hopkins University
● Implemented phrase predictor by training an algorithm to identify commonly used words and phrases (NGram) using T-SQL and R.http://rpubs.com/tone_lew/PhrasePrediction
● Illustrate data with interactive reports and graphs. http://rpubs.com/tone_lew/GlobalPopulationDemographics Bachelor of Science in Applied Mathematics with Specialization in Computers University of California, Los Angeles
Contact this candidate