VANISHRI PERI
248-***-**** ad8sgn@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/vani-peri/ Northville, MI PRINCIPAL DATA ENGINEER
Experienced Technical Lead with extensive expertise in software development specializing in databases. Proven track record in designing, developing, enhancing, and maintaining complex database systems across Banking, Equipment Finance, Retail, and Aviation. Skilled in data warehousing, data modeling, and ETL processes. Successfully managed multiple data conversions and migrations across interdependent systems, leading a team of database developers to deliver innovative database solutions and seamless integrations. Certified AWS Cloud Practitioner with a focus on leveraging cloud technologies for optimized database performance and scalability.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Software Development Lifecycle Database Architecture Data Visualization Performance Tuning Change Management Project Management ETL Process Management Agile Methodologies Security and Compliance Deployment Planning Team Leadership & Collaboration Database Development Data Migrations/Integrations Documentation and Standards Production Support Data Modeling TECHNICAL SKILLS
Databases: Oracle MongoDB SQL SERVER MS ACCESS Mysql Programming Languages: SQL T-SQL SQL*PLUS PL/SQL JAVA C C++ Python Reports: PL/SQL Reports Crystal Reports TOAD Splunk Tableau Etl/Schedulers: APPWORX AUTOSYS Informatica Microsoft SSIS Web: JSP Java Beans HTML Javascript CSS DHTM Servlets ASP .NET Jquery Other: AWS PCF GIT Agile-Jira Udeploy Jenkins Liquibase Confluence Service Now PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A January 2017 - Present
Lead Software Engineer
Easy Connect Portal (ESCON) is an online platform providing digital capabilities for customer lifecycle management. Customers are able to complete the onboarding process for new legal entities and new products, upload documents to support portfolio management as well as complete due diligence.
● Led a team of 6 database technologists (onshore and offshore) for ESCON enhancements and batch job management, providing 24/7 support and ensuring system reliability.
● Developed end-to-end scalable data frameworks, data pipelines, and data models for ESCON, improving data integration and efficiency.
● Implemented ETL processes using SQL, Autosys, and Unix shell scripts to streamline data extraction, transformation, and loading into the Enterprise Data Warehouse and Wholesale Customer Information databases, developed ETL interfaces for access control lists to meet enterprise security certification requirements, and facilitated the migration of the general ledger from Payroll Management Systems (Mainframe) to InfoLease (SQL Server), including remapping and aligning ETL processes with the new ledger.
● Resolved integration and interfacing issues by root cause analysis and delivering solutions to enhance system interoperability.
● Mentored team members on production issue resolution with a focus on urgency and database best practices.
● Led an Agile team using Jira and SDLC methodologies, managing requirements, conducting design and code reviews, and ensuring adherence to coding standards.
● Directed automated database deployments utilizing Liquibase, Udeploy, Jenkins, and CI/CD pipelines, enhancing deployment efficiency and consistency (initially a manual process).
● Remediated vulnerabilities in ESCON databases and batch jobs to comply with banking data security regulations, data governance, and auditing standards.
● Implemented 16-character strong passwords for all application and database service accounts, alongside managing cloud migration and eliminating unused IDs as part of Enterprise Technology Remediation.
● Designed and developed interactive dashboards using Splunk to visualize complex data sets, providing actionable insights and enhancing data-driven decision-making.
● Oversaw the transition of database systems from GE Capital to Wells Fargo, including managing database migrations and converting ETL processes from Appworx to Wells Fargo’s Informatica and Autosys platforms
● Environment: Oracle 19c, PL/SQL, SQL Developer, Autosys, Unix, GIT, Agile-Jira, Udeploy, Jenkins, Liquibase, Confluence, Splunk, PCF, RDBMS GE CAPITAL September 2012 - December 2016
Senior Software Engineer
MyAccounts Application (EFMYA) enables external customers to track the status of their leases and loans as well as service their existing accounts. ePay is an Internal application to process customer payments.
● Functioned as Database Architect delivering comprehensive database solutions and enhancements.
● Designed and implemented solutions for interfacing data with systems such as Payroll Management System and third-party tools. Established Informatica data pipelines and workflows to streamline data integration.
● Remediated database compliance and security issues in the EFMYA Database, providing robust data engineering solutions to address vulnerabilities and enhance data protection.
● Created a role-based security system and assigned privileges to various levels for e.g. batch, support and application roles which reduced security violations.
● Implemented advanced SQL features including Row Level Security, encryption/decryption procedures, and views, which minimized the risk of data breaches and enhanced overall data security.
● Established new process improvements for database change development, migration, and validation, ensuring accurate production deployments with minimal defects.
● Developed, designed, and reviewed database code for enhancements to Myaccounts and ePay, ensuring high-quality and optimized code.
● Enhanced database performance through the use of indexes, views, SQL rewrites, and other optimizations, addressing potential data engineering challenges.
● Managed the migration of Oracle source code from SVN to GIT, facilitating improved version control and code management.
● Prepared detailed documentation for production batch failures and maintained comprehensive records for data models, schemas, and database object definitions.
● Provided Production support for database issues as well as developed and maintained ad hoc reports.
● Environment: Oracle 19c, PL/SQL, SQL Developer, Autosys, Unix, GIT, Agile-Jira, Udeploy, Jenkins, Liquibase, Confluence, Splunk, PCF
ADDITIONAL RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
KALITTA AIR LLC - Programmer/Analyst
TEK SYSTEMS (Client: EXEL Inc.) - Software Consultant BORDERS GROUP INC- Sr. Programmer Analyst
MURRAY'S DISCOUNT AUTO STORES Inc - Application DBA EDUCATION
Master of Science, MS - Computer Science-Lawrence Tech University Bachelor of Science - Goa University
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner, 2024
Mongo DB Training, Informatica Training, Oracle Certified Professional. Work Authorization: US Citizen
Contact this candidate