Shilpa Paduchuri
Software Engineer Contact: 425-***-**** Email: ad8tp4@r.postjobfree.com

EDUCATION:

Bachelors in Electronics and communication Engineering

Professional Experience – CENTIFIC Technologies

Client: Microsoft-Redmond August 2019 - July 2023
Role: Software Engineer

Project Name:
M365 Security – Onboard Antispam features to Air-Gap environment

Scope
oEnhanced/Added support to run scope scripts in Air-Gap and existing environments.
oUpdated and validated Azure Data Factory jobs in PROD and Air-Gap environment.
oWorked closely with PM, Dev, Test, Customer Support to ensure service availability and smooth deployment.
oCoordinated with partners and SREs to ensure all the changes required for Air-Gap are implemented in the Euclid repo.
Azure Data Factory
oMigrated all pipeline and dependent components along with scenario artifacts to a CVS repository from a file share.
IP Blocklist
oInvestigated and updated spam rules to enforce Blocklists appropriately.
Misc
oMigrated all TestReleaseDocuments and TroubleShootingGuides to a common CVS repository Engineering Hub, which helped increase SRE teams’ productivity by 3 times in responding to incident mitigation and resolution.
oFixed code bugs and improved maintainability by re-structuring.
oHelped SREs prioritize important incidents from all alerts for improved customer experience.

Project Name:

M365 Security - Stabilize IDEAs TenantInfo pipeline.
Streamlined pipeline execution to improve maintainability and debuggability.
Made pipeline more resilient to failures caused due to unexpected/accidental data corruption by implementing every possible fail-safe gate on the delta variations against current data and previous snapshot.
Created trouble shooting guides to help the SREs handle any potential incidents.
Setup Alerts/Monitors/Triggers to notify on pipeline failures and delays for timely action which alleviated customers’ pain by 100x by avoiding potential incidents caused by loss of critical data.
This work helped at least 3 other teams using the output data of pipeline.
Tested end to end with some mock data to simulate data loss scenario to ensure the pipeline is resilient.

Project Name:
M365 Security - Spam Analysis, Daily activities
Create PowerShell scripts to automate execution and remediation of the training system services.
Add cmdlets to automate some part of spam analysis.
Create troubleshooting guides to resolve incidents.
Identify and create monitors/alerts for mission critical scenarios which have a potential to affect customer experience.s
Fix code bugs and improved maintainability by re-structuring.
Stabilize flaky pipelines and make them resilient to ensure they run with zero to less maintenance.
Address technical debt by re-architecting solution.
Develop dashboards for the team to visualize threats by organization.
Execute Test Release documents on a regular basis to identify potential regressions that aren’t possibly covered by unit and functional tests.
Provide strategic guidance to the Antispam engineering team to build the right engineering defenses for various classes of attack identified through analysis of ongoing threats.
Develop IP reputation systems to block and delist with ownership and accuracy.
Worked with Support on definition and enforcement for policies around sender support and deliverability, serving as final tier of escalation for support on delisting requests, email hygiene, deliverability.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Languages
C#, Java
Web Technologies
HTML
Web Services
XML
Mark-up/Scripting Lang.
Scope, Powershell, HTML, Markup language
Databases
Cosmos + Azure Data Factory, SQL Server, MySQL
Application/Web Servers
Microsoft IIS 7.0/6.0/5.0
IDE
Visual Studio
Contact this candidate