Immediately available on C*C roles
Name: Madani Anees
Email: ad00iq@r.postjobfree.com
Phone No: 512-***-****

SUMMARY
●12 years of experience in IT industry as a Sun/Unix/Linux System engineer and administrator. IT experience in large-scale enterprise support. Proficient in all aspects of Server computing Infrastructure Management.
●Worked on design and implementation of Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery, Continuous Deployment, Google Cloud Management, Administration of Linux and Windows 2022 environments.
●Installed, configured, administered RHEL 8,7,6 and Solaris 10,11 servers
●Strong background of IBM Spectrum Scale (previously/popularly known as GPFS)
●Experienced in maintaining on-prem physical/virtual environments/Cloud environments and using Dell Vertex based server and VMWare vSphere, VCenter.Familiarity with SFTP/FTPS transmission protocols.,Sterling Secure Proxy (SSP).
●Must-have knowledge of Sterling External Authentication Server (SEAS).
●Experience in installation, configuration and deploying automation tools like, Puppet, Ansible, Chef, Suse-Manager and Red-hat satellite server.Playbooks, and Automation Scripts, IAM, ELB, Autoscaling, CloudWatch, EFS, NFS, EBS, S3, Databases, Lambda, Security Groups, NACLs, among others. VPC, Route53, Private & Public subnets, route tables, IGW, EC2.
●Worked on Google Cloud Platform (primarily PubSub, Dataflow, BigQuery, Cloud Functions).
●Experience in branching, tagging and maintaining the version across the environments working on Software Configuration Management (SCM) tools like Subversion(SVN)and GitHub.
●Manage servers using GPU/ configuration management products like Chef, Puppet and Ansible.
●Built end to end CI/CD Pipelines in Jenkins to retrieve code, compile applications, perform tests and push build artifacts to Nexus.
●Strong Network Security background
●Strong Project Management background with release and monitoring of projects.
●Experience in implementing and managing virtualization using VMWare ESX / vSphere.
●Storage Skills: EMC, Hitachi
●Strong ability to troubleshoot any issues generated while building, deploying and in production support.
EDUCATION

●Master’s in Engineering Management from Trine university – Dec 2017
●Bachelor’s in Engineering, India (2013)
CERTIFICATIONS:
●Microsoft Certified: Azure Solutions Architect Expert 2022
●AWS Certified: Solutions Architect Associate 2021
●RedHat Certified.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Operating Systems
Sun Solaris 11,10, Linux (RHEL 8,7,6 and Ubuntu) and Windows 2022.
Scripting
Bash, Shell, Ruby and Python.
DevOps Tools
Docker, Puppet, Chef, Jenkins, Ansible, Ant, Maven, SVN, GitHub, GIT and Splunk.
Cloud
AWS EC2, VPC, ELB, IAM, SNS, RDS, EBS, Cloudwatch, CloudFront, Elastic Beanstalk and CloudFormation.
Database
MySQL
Web/App Server
Apache HTTP Server, Apache Tomcat.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Verizon – Tampa, FL May 2021- PRESENT
Sr. Linux engineer

●Level 3 Expert for administering Linux RHEL 8,7,6, Sun Solaris 11,10 servers by testing, tuning, upgrading, patching and troubleshooting both physical & virtual server problems.
●Develop dashboards in Datadog, Splunk, Kibana,and Grafana that trigger alerts based on pre-defined thresholds.
●Worked in Teradata, Mysql, PHP, and xml, FTP, NDM and IBM Mainframe, Oracle, PL/SQL, Cloudera Hadoop, PIG .
●Used configuration management tools Chef, Puppet, and CF Engine. Supported host provisioning using satellite, Kick-start, CFEngine.
●Configured Satellite 6/Foreman as in inventory source with AWX to manage hosts via Ansible Playbook. Created/ managed over 120 puppet modules and 25 Ansible .
●Worked with configuration management tools like puppet and satellite server, TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, NFS version 2/3/4, NIS, NIS .
● Working with Puppet Enterprise and Puppet Open Source. Installed, configured, upgraded and managed Puppet Master, Agents
●Manage On-Prem/Cloud Data Center comprising of AWS, VMWare vSphere ESXi environment, Windows Server and Linux Server distributions.
●Migrated on prem servers to AWS. Automating the process using python, migrated windows/Linux servers. Developed API -lambda for cloud operations .
●Worked on prem servers to AWS. Automating the process using python, migrated windows/Linux servers.
●Planned, designed and architect AWS environment to migrate on-prem servers to Cloud. AS-IS server migration using Double Take replication tools to AWS.
●Led the security operations center team, overseeing incident response and threat detection efforts.
●Applied deep understanding of infrastructure and network security concepts to proactively identify vulnerabilities and mitigate risks.
●Collaborated with the security team to establish multi-factor authentication using Sterling External Authentication Server (SEAS), reducing security vulnerabilities.
●Managing endpoint encryption and IT security applications. Managed Cyber Security threats through prevention, detection, response, escalation and reporting.
●Worked on Web Application Firewalls (WAF) and database security.Conducted security assessment of Cryptography applications including the apps
●Worked in data transmission protocols, transmission servers, AS2, HTTPs, MFT, FTP, sFTP, SSH (PGP encryption& decryption).
●Managing endpoint encryption and IT security applications. Managed Cyber Security threats through prevention, detection, response, escalation and reporting.
●Worked in data transmission protocols, transmission servers, AS2, HTTPs, MFT, FTP, sFTP, SSH (PGP encryption& decryption)
●Worked in deploying CyberArk privileged with Account Security of different application using CA Siteminder and IAM tools along with LDAP.
●Successfully upgraded Sterling Secure Proxy (SSP) to the latest version, enhancing system security and performance.
●Collaborated with the security team to establish multi-factor authentication using Sterling External Authentication Server (SEAS), reducing security vulnerabilities.
●Developed and integrated an unprotected website to fully functional access management solution using ForgeRock OpenAM. Implemented basic user Self-Service .
●Managed round the clock IT infra operations and multi million projects.
●Design, delivery and support in knowledge and product lifecycle management (PLM) solutions to process development components.
●Developed Several Complex Data transformation and loading Greenplum Functions.
●Testing, tuning, upgrading, patching, configuring and troubleshooting RHEL 8,7,6 servers for physical & virtual problems.
●Performed periodic monitoring of GPFS and UFS file systems including creation, modification and deletion.
●Installed and configured the Volume/File system management using Veritas Volume Manager (VxVM), Logical Volume Manager (LVM), Solaris Volume Manager (SVM), GPFS, ZFS Filesystem Management and VERITAS File System.
●Conversion of LINUX RHEL GPFS Cluster nodes to Windows 7 GPFS HPC cluster nodes.
●Schema changes in UDM (Prod/UAT onwards): SDE data changes.
●File Server application share configuration/upkeep (SOE Store, Attachments, Logs)

Altice USA – Long Island, NY Sep 2018 - April 2021
Sr. LINUX Engineer

●Responsible for Design of different Release Environments for new projects and monitoring.
●Verify servers and appliances meet security standards and contain zero vulnerabilities before implementation in a production environment.
●Used Chef and Puppet on Satellite server and otherwise to do mass deployment of web servers, app servers and patching, Remote system administration.
●Provide Red Hat Enterprise Linux version 5, 6, and 7 system design and support. Develop and implement Red Hat Satellite 6 system
●Utilized cloud security expertise to secure Azure and AWS environments, ensuring compliance with industry standards.
●Developed and executed scripts in Python and GO to extract data from various APIs, enhancing threat intelligence capabilities.
●Collaborated with cross-functional teams to rapidly triage and respond to security incidents, minimizing potential impact.
●Migrated databases from on prem to cloud using AWS data migration tools.
●Worked in maintaining on-prem physical/virtual environments/Cloud environments and using Dell Vertex based server and VMWare vSphere, VCenter.
●Developed interfaces using enterprise applications such as TIBCO Managed File Transfer, TIBCO CyberFusion, TSO/ISP Mainframe technology and Momentum AFD .
●Managed and configured Sterling Secure Proxy (SSP) to secure external access to internal systems.
●Implemented and maintained Sterling External Authentication Server (SEAS) for user authentication and authorization.
●Collaborated with cross-functional teams to troubleshoot and resolve authentication issues.
●Conduct penetration tests of enterprise information security systems, cloud platform infrastructure, and high risk applications. Conducted IT security risk .
●Worked on design and implementation of Database Management Systems such as Oracle, Hadoop, MongoDB, Teradata, DB2 UDB, MS SQL Server
●Designed and implemented ETL environments using tools like Informatica and backend databases racle and Greenplum.
●Designed and implemented multiple Infra projects, including technologies: Storage, Backup, Vmware, Linux,Windows & Cloud.
●Perform in-depth infrastructure security audits on a wide range of systems
●Served as system administrator for Linux servers and desktops, storage, backups, and databases.
●Administered 10,000+ Red Hat Linux 8,7,6 local and remote systems used for infrastructure services
●Supported 800TB+ of NetApp NFS storage
●Installing, maintaining and configuring GPFS version 2.1 and 3.3.
●Responsible for installing and configuring and maintenance of GPFS Versions 2.1, 3.3.
●Helped in migration of version 2.1 to 3.3 of GPFS
●Viewing and modifying various GPFS disks on various nodes and their file systems.
●Implementation of various High Availability Solutions like VERITAS Cluster Server, HACMP and Power HA
● Worked on SAP Installations with Oracle and DB6 Databases on IBM AIX. Has good Knowledge on Clusters like Power HA and Veritas.
●Responsible for installing and configuring the Veritas Cluster software, creating and managing cluster resources, and ensuring that the cluster is up and running.
●Development and maintenance of automated deployment through Ansible, management and monitoring tools for OpenStack.
●Preparation of technical documentation, including installation guides, operational procedures and system architecture diagrams.
●Managing internal and vendor implementation teams through all phases of EMR Interface Implementation Process (between HDL and practice sites.
●Created Google Cloud Formation template stacks to automate for building
●Proficiency and Essential working knowledge of Apache Jmeter
●MOP install validation and defect validation along with urban code deployment.
●Troubleshooting analysis at tomcat level Log analysis and Log attachments of the defects.
●Installed, programmed, and set up Linux server using NGINX as reverse proxy.
●Administered Red Hat Linux 7.x and Solaris 11 Servers by testing, tuning, upgrading, patching and troubleshooting both physical & virtual server problems.
●Accepting and reviewing JIRA tickets from end users and provide advanced end user support.
●Essential working knowledge of HPALM
●Utilized VMware Virtual Client 3.5 in creating and cloning Linux Virtual Machines, and migrating servers between ESX hosts and building KVM hypervisor.
●Implemented a Continuous Delivery framework using Jenkins and Puppet in Linux environment.
●Installed and configured automated tools like Ansible, Puppet.
●Worked with capacity planning, scalability, performance, load testing Understanding of and ability to invoke web services - REST (with RAML or JSON/XML), SOAP (with WSDL).
●Ability to debug using tools like SOAPUI.
●Proficiency in web service design using RAML, WSDLs, Swagger. Implementing out of box and custom policies using API gateway product

Options Clearing Company – CHICAGO, IL May 2017 – Aug 2018
Linux/ Engineer

●Involved in Virtualizing RHEL environments with VMware ESX 5.x and vSphere 5.x servers on Dell and HP Hardware.
●Automate the Build and deployment process and customize monitoring scripts using Ruby, Python, Bash, and shell scripting.
●Replicate data (Veritas Replicator) across multiple servers. Prepare and execute backup and recovery of data. Implement disaster recovery plans.
●Configure AWS IAM and PCI Security Group in Public and Private Subnets in VPC.
●Analyze and configure baselines to maximize security posture without reducing functionality.
●Worked on Docker to create images and containerize the application build, by writing Docker file and Docker-compose yaml files.
●Developed infrastructure as code with Terraform to deploy VMware and AWS infrastructure
●Responsible for Design of different Release Environments for new projects and monitoring.
●Created Cloud Formation template stacks to automate for building new VPCs using JSON files.
●Worked in deployment of applications on Apache Tomcat, Nginx and JBoss.
●Created Puppet, Ansible manifests and modules to automate system operations.
●Created and implemented chef cookbooks for deployment and used Chef Recipes to create a Deployment directly into Amazon EC2 instances.
●Perform root cause analysis of the issues and report.
●Performed performance troubleshooting, kernel tuning and daily administrative work on RHEL.
●Providing 24/7 support for on-call on Red Hat Linux and Ubuntu environments.
●Created Root Cause Analysis (RCA) for any server outages and server problems.
●Planned, scheduled and Implemented OS patches on Linux boxes as a part of proactive maintenance and Secure Shell (SSH) implementation.
●Installing and Managing Virtual Center 5.5. Upgrading from VMWare ESX server from 3.5.0, 4.0.0, and 5.0 in an environment.

DHCF, Washington D.C. OCT 2015 – APR 2017
Linux Engineer

●Worked with JIRA for creating Projects, assigning permissions to users and groups for the projects & Created Mail handlers and notification Schemes for JIRA.
●Deploy Java/J2EE applications.
●end-to-end code configuration, and deployments of artifacts for entire life cycle model in Enterprise Applications.
●Integrated Jenkins with the version control tools to pull the latest pushed code.
●Worked in using build tools like MAVEN and ANT for the building of deployable Artifacts such as war and ear from Source Code.
●Involved in setting up builds using Chef as a configuration management tool and managed the configurations of more than 40 servers.
●Used tool RPM/YUM packages for installing and updating.
●Created SSL certificates for windows servers and Linux Servers.
●Coordinate developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, merging conventions using Git source control.
●Worked in branching, tagging and maintaining the version across the environments working on Software Configuration Management (SCM) tools like Subversion(SVN)and GitHub.
●Converted Linux systems from local password authentication to Active Directory/LDAP.
●Documented and implemented a disaster recovery plan that included backup schedule policies, regular testing, and off-site recovery plans to ensure data integrity and assurance.
●Configured and managed BMC BladeLogic Server Automation Suite with BMC BladeLogic to maximize server uptime and decrease cost by automating vital data center operations across Linux and UNIX operating systems running on both physical and virtual servers.
●Work with the client counterpart to define data mapping and interface agreements implementing APIs using APIed connectivity, API design fast approach using various mulesoft product stack like Designer, Exchange, API gateway etc.
●Guide a team effort to develop / configure interfaces and to implement the interfaces and data load/ETL using batch modules..
●Proficient in Dataweave transformation. Exposure in java & groovy in Maven based project development and testing automation of mule flows using munit framework.

Unix Engineer Magnaquest, India Oct 2011 – June 2015

●Worked on installing and configuring Sun Solaris using jumpstart and Ubuntu, Red Hat Enterprise Linux using Kickstart.
●Worked on patches installation, patch upgrades and packages installation on Red Hat Linux servers by using RPM & YUM.
●Worked on installation and configuration of Oracle RAC database.
●Worked in writing Bash Scripts and Python for deployment of Middleware Tools on bare servers.
●Installation, configuration and management of LAMP (Linux/Apache/MySQL/PHP) stacks.
●Creating and managing of a filesystem with SVM, Veritas Volume Manager, Veritas File systems, LVM, ZFS in the production, test and Development environments.
●Upgraded and maintained software packages on servers using RHEL Satellite and Repository servers.
●P2V migrations of hardware servers to VMWare environment running on ESX V4.1 servers.
●Managing the VMWare ESX and ESXi server 5.5, 5.1, 4.0.0 and 3.5.0 based on requirement.
●Developed automation tools using bash, Perl, and python to quickly and easily set up MySQL
instances for development and test servers.
●Installing and configuring Apache and supporting them on Linux production servers.
●Red Hat server administrator, including security patching, kernel tuning, software packaging and installation using RPMs.
●Worked in storage technologies like Hitachi and EMC storage.
●Created VMware Virtual machines using vSphere and installed Red Hat Linux 5x/6 on the VMs and standalone Dell servers.
●Implemented and administered VMWare ESX 3.5, 4.x for running the Windows 2011 Servers on the development and test servers.
●Switching production to virtual from bare metal, decommission and shut down legacy.
Contact this candidate