VINOD KUTHURU
DevOps/Cloud engineer
980-***-**** ad07ip@r.postjobfree.com

Experience Summary
Around 4 years of experience in Administration, Application Support, Cloud computing and implementing DevOps methodologies for various domains like Banking & Finance, Insurance and Retail.
Provide L2 & L3 support to application teams and provide technical guidance to resolve their issues.
Experience in builds, installation, configuration, administration and support of Linux, Windows and public cloud like AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud.
Responsible for monitoring server health and security daily to avoid severe impacts and outages.
Involved in defining and executing standard operating procedures to ensure smooth operation and delivery to the customer.
Regular interaction with clients to understand their expectations and work on support quality enhancement.

Hands-on Technical Skills
Operating System: Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 and 8, Centos Linux 7, Windows Server 2012, Windows Server 2008
Cloud Technology:
Amazon Web Services (AWS): EC2, IAM, S3, SNS, VPC, EBS, ELB, Cloud Front, Route53, RDS, Lambda, CloudTrail, KMS, EKS, EFS
Azure: Virtual Machine, Application Gateway, Azure Blob and Storage, Azure database, AKS, NSG, ACR, Functions, Monitor
GCP: Compute Engine, Anthos, GKE, Cloud Storage, Big Query, SQL, IAM.
DevOps tools: GitHub, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Hashicorp vault, OpenShift.
Infrastructure as Code: Terraform
Monitoring: AWS Cloud Watch, Dynatrace, Prometheus, Grafana
Database: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Redshift
Ticketing tool: Service Now, Remedy, Jira

Organizational Experience

Project
Wells Fargo, Charlotte
Period
Mar 2023 – Till date
Role
Cloud DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities
Worked in enterprise cloud team to deploy and create different resources in Azure Cloud like Virtual Machine, resource group, security groups, storage account, AKS.
Developing terraform modules and deploying the resources on AKS using Terraform enterprise tool.
Worked on enabling azure log analytics to monitor the events and logging the cluster metrics.
Using terraform modules to integrate different services like Azure key vault, Log Analytics, Autoscaling with AKS.
Collaborated with different teams to implement disaster recovery plan and backup strategies, ensuring high availability.
Experience in Microsoft Azure Cloud Services (PaaS & IaaS), Application Insights, Document DB, Internet of Things (IoT), Azure Monitoring, Key Vault, Visual Studio Online (VSO) and SQL Azure.
Worked on securing the AKS cluster by assigning different security policies using azure policy manager and making it compliant to the client’s compliance policies.
Automated the process of creating namespace, setting up resource quota and access to the namespace on the AKS cluster.
Worked on Upgrading the AKS clusters to 1.26 for all the environments.
Creating azure DevOps pipelines to build and deploy images to the AKS cluster.
Extensive knowledge in continuous integration tool Jenkins with different plugins like Git hub, Artifactory, and SonarQube and built and configured Jenkins slaves for parallel job execution.
Used JIRA as defect tracking system and configure various workflows, customizations, plugins for Jira bug/issue tracker.

Project
AAA, Dallas
Period
Nov 2021 – Jan 2023
Role
Cloud DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities
Responsible for maintaining smooth deployment of all microservices developed on the Kubernetes cluster hosted on multiple clouds like AWS and Azure.
Responsible for maintaining healthy infrastructure and all tech stack required for product deployment.
Troubleshooting performance issues on Kubernetes cluster and implementing automated scripts for deleting jobs and deployment pods.
Configured and managed AWS services such as Route 53, ELB/ALB, and Auto Scaling Groups to ensure high availability and fault tolerance.
Working on multiple POC activities depending on the customer requirement
Responsible for sending monthly cost estimation reports to management and working continuously on cost optimization.
Involved in supporting cloud instances running Linux and Windows on AWS, experience with Elastic IP, Security Groups, and Virtual Private Cloud in AWS.
Set up a secure CI/CD pipeline using Jenkins, Git, and Kubernetes, enabling Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) and reducing deployment errors by 70%.
Developed Shell scripts to automate routine tasks and improve system monitoring and management, resulting in a 50% reduction in manual effort.
Working actively with Security teams to remediate reported vulnerabilities and implementing security controls.
Wrote customized Prometheus queries to retrieve data. Made changes to Prometheus collectors and filters ensuring all relevant data are passed into Grafana.
Conducted security assessments and implemented security best practices, including IAM roles, security groups, and encryption mechanisms.

Project
AT&T, Dallas
Period
Aug 2019 – June 2021
Role
AWS Cloud Engineer
Responsibilities
Responsible for launching AWS EC2 Cloud Instances and configuring launched instances with respect to application specific requirements.
Responsible for creating S3 buckets, IAM user/role and applying policies.
Build EC2 servers, import EBS volume, RDS, create security groups, auto scaling, load balancing (ELBS) in the defined virtual private connection.
Responsible for creation of IAM user/roles and providing permissions to AWS account.
Responsible for creating Cloud Watch alarms for monitoring (CPU, Memory, Disk Space, Status Check, application logs and sending notifications using AWS SNS.
Responsible for creating Redshift instances for data warehousing, Cloud Front for CDN service.
Involved in designing and implementing server less internet facing application using S3 bucket, API Gateway, and Lambda.
Encryption of AWS EC2, RDS, S3 bucket using AWS KMS.
Patching of AWS EC2 servers using Ansible and RDS databases as directed by AWS Ops team.
Worked on Terraform for deploying infrastructure in AWS as per the requirement.
Worked on automating AWS task like uploading multiple files on S3 bucket, deploying function on AWS Lambda using AWS CLI
Worked on configuration of Dynatrace for advanced monitoring of the systems.

Educational Qualification:

Master of Science in Engineering from Oklahoma Christian University

Personality traits
Ability to adapt and work flexibly in a new domain.
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills.
Possess problem solving and decision-making skills.
Good in data gathering, analyzing, and documenting business requirements.
Desire to learn new things.
Leadership skills and a good team player
Contact this candidate