Lakshmi Prasanna Challa
Sr.Azure Administrator
ad0a8k@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/lakshmiprasanna-challa-88a957287
+1-703-***-****

SU M M A R Y O F E X P E R I E N C E:

7+ years of competence IT experience as System engineer and Azure Admin & windows Administrator at TATA Consultancy services.
Hands on experience in Azure Active Directory (IAM) and Azure Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS), custom domains, Azure AD Connect, MFA
Hands on experience in Azure Service Compute, Networking, Storage, Web, Identity, Security, Monitor
Have an experience in Azure AD, Devops, working IIS webserver, windows server and PowerShell scripting.
Azure subscriptions and role-based access control (RBAC) management
Lift-and-Shift On-Premises VMware/Hyper-V workloads to the Microsoft Azure Cloud with the Azure Site Recovery and Azure Migrate Service
Deploy Recovery Services Vault and performing Backup and Restore Operation
Deployed Site to Site VPN gateway over IPsec (IKEv1 or IKEv2) and Point to Site VPN for Hybrid solution.
Planning Cutover, Test Failover, Failover and Failback Scenarios recommend recovery objectives (e.g., Azure, on- prem, hybrid, Recovery Time Objective (RTO), Recovery Level Objective (RLO), Recovery Point Objective (RPO))
Active Directory Migration Tool and FSMO roles Transfer, Azure AD Join, Remote Desktop Services, Azure DNS, Conditional Access, MFA
Experienced in Azure Cloud Technologies
Experienced in Infrastructure Security Deployments
Experienced in Backup and Disaster Recovery Plans, have an experience of Azure Kubernetes
Have and Experience of O365 applications.
Experienced in Monitoring performance and Maintaining systems, Troubleshooting Issues and
Excellent diagnostics skills.
Have good experience in DFS management and MDFS management.
Have an experience of 2008, 2012 servers, and SCCM.
T E C H N I C A L S K I L L S:

*Microsoft Exchange Server, Microsoft 365 and Azure
*Active Directory and DNS Management
*Sharepoint Online, Microsoft Teams and one Drive
*Azure IAAS, ADFS and AAD Connector

*Good Knowledge in one drive for Business migration and support

*DNS, DHCP Management and SCCM.

* Powershell scripting

*windows Server 2008, 2012 expirence

*Vulnerability Management

*Citrix and VMware

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Client
TCS, India
Title
Sr. Azure Active Directory Admin
Duration
Sep 2016 – Present

Responsibilities:
Maintained end to end ownership for the ownership of Operation system upgradation.
Involved in managing the warranty status of hardware based on the purchase orders.
Handling and trouble shooting server issues and desktop hardware issues.
Responsible for managing and configuring windows server 2012 and windows client operating system.
Participating in technical discussions which involves supporting users/clients in system setup or resolving issues.
Responsible for trouble shooting system and network problems and diagnosing a solution for hardware and software issues.
Helping users by configuring Microsoft Outlook and troubleshooting mailbox issues and resolving IBM notes issues.
Responsible for handling issues related to Laptop and desktops (both application and hardware issues).
Responsible for maintaining symantic server.
Responsible for installing antivirus software like Symantic, Mcafee and updating antivirus.
Responsible for resolving various types of hardware issues of brands like HP, Dell, Lenovo workstations and Laptops.
Responsible for resolving conference room issues like projector issues, video conference issues and other connectivity issues.
Participate in technical discussions with asset vendors regarding hardware related issues.
Responsible for installing and configuring network operating systems, hardware devices and drivers.
Acted as single point of contact for all kind of software installations and resolving application issues.
Involved In GE project audits and different type of Security audits.
Strong windows server experience, working with vendors and SaaS applications, Managing Azure AD.
Hands on experience on unifield data analytics with data bricks workspace user interface, Managing data bricks, notebooks, delta with lake with spark SQL.
Good understanding of Spark Architecture with Databricks, Structured Streaming. Microsoft Azure with Databricks, Databricks Workspace for Business Analytics, Manage Clusters in Databricks, Managing the Machine Learning Lifecycle
Hands on experience Data extraction (extract, Schemas, corrupt record handling and parallelized code), transformations and loads (user - defined functions, join optimizations) and Production (optimize and automate Extract, Transform and Load)
Experience with Microsoft Distributed File System (DFS), and Microsoft Distributed File and System replication.
Hands on experience on Azure Active Directory, ADFS and AD connect.

Environment:

*Azure Active Directory, ADFS, AD connect. Windows Server Management, DFS management.

PROJECT GOVERNANCE

Managed end to end system and server administration in projects like GE, HP, Mazda, BOA, Citi., etc.

CERTIFICATION

Microsoft certification on 70-410 - (MCSA)

EDUCATION

B.sc (Electronics and Computer science) from SK University in Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh.
2013-2016 with Percentage – 90 %
Contact this candidate