Joseph Tadonkeng
940-***-**** ad0ayj@r.postjobfree.com
DevOps Engineer DevOps/Cloud Engineer with a STEM degree and over 6 years of experience in IT and in the design, development, build and deployment of infrastructures and web applications. Practicing Cloud Computing and DevOps with experience with AWS (Amazon Web Services) and AWS GovCloud platforms and familiarity with Microsoft Azure and Google cloud platforms.
*US. Citizen and Veteran possessing an active DOD Secret Security Clearance PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Knowledge of Agile and Scrum methodologies and CAMS DevOps core values to develop best practices for software and infrastructure development and implementation.
Experience working with developing scripts and automation tools used for building, integrating, testing, and deploying software releases to multiple environments.
Experience designing, deploying, and provisioning multi-tiers, highly available, fault tolerant, scalable, self-healing and cost-effective infrastructures on AWS using IaC (infrastructure-as-code) tool and configuration management tool such as Terraform and Ansible.
Experience working with artifacts version control systems such as Artifactory, GitHub, Bitbucket and implementation of good branching strategies.
Experience setting up CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Jenkins, GitHub Actions, Gitlab
Exposure to the monitoring tools Prometheus, CloudWatch and CloudTrail.
Good knowledge of virtualization and container technology like Docker. Experience in creating Dockerfiles and working with Docker containers.
Experience with container orchestration tool Kubernetes. Including creation of K8s manifest files and Helm charts.
Experience with cluster deployment and management tools such as ArgoCD, eksctl
Knowledge of different Operating Systems (OS) like Windows, Linux.
Comfortable using CLI (command line interface) to perform tasks and navigate OS.
Exposure to scripting language: Python, PowerShell, Bash and YAML, HCL scripts for automation processes and configurations.
Experience in working with cross-functional teams to develop and deliver cutting edge SaaS and PaaS. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE DevOps (Cloud) Engineer
Raytheon Technologies Sep 2021- Present
Automated cloud infrastructure provisioning and cluster management by creating CI/CD DevSecOps pipelines which integrated Terraform, GitHub, Jenkins, Gradle, Slack, SonarQube, ArgoCD, Prometheus and Grafana.
Designed and implemented high availability, backup, and recovery strategy for applications and databases.
Implemented and maintained monitors, alarms, and notifications for EC2 instances using CloudWatch.
Participating in the migration of microservices applications into container technology by Creating Dockerfiles and Docker images and pushed those images to ECR.
Managing K8s cluster by writing or updating manifest files for Kubernetes resources for application microservices to support PaaS called empowerU.
Proactively identifying and automating repetitive tasks using Ansible playbooks.
Worked on technical documentation of projects and documented application related issues and bugs.
Created troubleshooting SOPs for many recuring issues in the cluster and the rest of the infrastructure.
Created and managed an encrypted S3 Bucket for all CloudTrail Logs, and adjusted bucket policy to allow MSSP to access the logs.
Experience using Identity and Access Management (IAM) to design policies, create roles, and manage users and groups.
Applied latest DevOps and Agile methodologies to improve delivery time. I worked with Scrum teams in daily stand-up, providing progress updates on a frequent basis.
Performed code and solution review activities and recommended enhancements that improve efficiency, performance, stability, and decreased support costs.
Successfully reduced infrastructure cost by 10%.
Worked with team members and managers to design better systems and processes to improve efficiency and automation resulting in 25% faster Delivery.
Documenting each solution and process for easy understanding, better collaboration, and easy handoff. Jr DevOps engineer
Boeing May2020 – Aug 2021
Involved in AWS, DevOps migration and automation processes to help teams migrate from on- premises infrastructures to AWS GovCloud infrastructures.
Configured and maintained private Git repositories while implementing efficient branching strategies to support both software and performance analysis teams.
Implemented automated tests by setting up CI/CD pipelines in Jenkins for Microservices while integrating tools such as Maven and GitHub to trigger builds via webhooks and to provide immediate feedback to Development teams after every code check in.
Designed, deployed, and provisioned multiple auto scalable, highly available and self-healing 3-tiers architecture infrastructures using Terraform and set up a CI/CD pipeline using Jenkins to automate the process each time a new HCL code was pushed to GitHub.
Created VPCs, load balancers, internet gateways, NAT gateways, private and public subnets, IPV4 CDIR, route tables, auto scaling groups, security groups, amazon EC2 (for the web and App layers) and MySQL RDS, and performed the proper networking of the infrastructures
Performed reachability, availability, security, and functionality tests to ensure the infrastructures were working properly.
Setup and configure VPC Endpoints, Direct Connect, Transit VPC, VPC Peering, CDN, IPsec, and VPN to secure data transfer and secure connection to other AWS services and other AWS accounts
For monitoring I set up Nagios server and installed Nagios plugin on each running host machine as a client.
Created SOPs and documentation for various processes and solutions respectively. Electrical Engineer
Boeing May 2019- Apr 2020
Met with stakeholders and customers to develop and document requirements for Electrical systems including but not limited to Radar and sensor systems of several generations of AWACS.
Provided innovative solutions in the areas of Radio Frequency, microwave circuits and subsystems.
Assisted in the design of receivers, transmitters, ADC, DAC, Up/Down converters, waveform generators, and tests in the S, C and X-band domain with data analysis and graph interpretation
Worked with the procurement team to ensure deliveries of materials in a timely manner and to keep good relationships with the company’s suppliers.
Extensive use of MATLAB, Git, GitHub, Linux based servers to create analytical and statistical system models.
Supported test, simulation, validation and performance analysis of several electrical systems and subsystems.
Performed MATLAB regression and Monte Carlo Testing and analysis of different sensors and tracking systems.
Worked on Communication systems & Kalman filter Algorithm design for multisource integration.
Worked closely with the software team to make sure software was being developed according to hardware and performance requirements and assisted with software-hardware integration, testing and release to customers.
Signals Intelligence Analyst
U.S Army Sep 2016- Sep 2021
Assisted in developing, updating, and maintaining SOPs and playbooks for different incidents.
Monitored and analyzed incoming security alarms against cyber threats
Performed data collection, treatment, and analysis of multiple signals files.
Performed data interpretation in order to predict potential threats. EDUCATION & CERTIFICATION Bachelor of Science in Electrical & Computer Engineering University of Oklahoma (Norman, Oklahoma)
Master of Science in Computer Science Expected Graduation: December 2024 Merrimack College (Andover, Massachusetts)
AWS certified Solution Architect – Associate
AWS certified DevOps Engineer – Professional
CompTIA Security +
Contact this candidate