Emmanuel Tabi
202-***-****
ad0huu@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/emmanuel-tabi-412716203/

SUMMARY
A self-motivated Certified AWS DevOps Engineer professional/AWS-certified solution architect with 8 years of experience driving information management strategy in AWS/Linux environment with proficiency in several distributions of Linux (Redhat, Centos, Ubuntu) and AWS services (VPC, VPN, EC2, S3, RDS, ROUTE 53, CDN, IAM, Redis, Memcached, ELB, CloudWatch, CloudFormation, CloudTrail, Trusted Advisor, Transit Gateway, AWS Systems Manager etc.)

Technical Skills:
Cloud Orchestration: AWS Systems Manager, Terraform, AWS CloudFormation, AWS Lambda, Ansible, AWS SSM Parameter Store,
Containerization: AWS ECS, AWS EKS, Docker, Kubernete etc
Security: AWS Guard Duty, AWS Shield, AWS Inspector, etc.
Monitoring & Event Management: AWS CloudWatch (Events & Logs), AWS SNS, AWS S3, Splunk, New Relic
AWS Platform: VPN, VPC, Route53, Route 53 Resolver, EC2, ELB, AWS CloudFormation, AWS Lambda, AWS Systems Manager, S3, RDS, SNS, SQS, SES, Trusted Advisor, CloudFront, AWS Auto Scaling, CloudWatch.
Identity & Access Management: AWS Organization, AWS IAM, Active Directory, OKTA, AWS Workspaces, AWS Secrets Manager, etc
Image & Patch: AWS SSM Patch Manager, AWS Golden AMI Pipeline, jFrog, Quay
Self Service: Service Catalog
Governance & Compliance: AWS Config Rules, AWS Organization, AWS Trusted Advisor, AWS Well Architected Tool, AWS Budgets, AWS License Manager, etc
Programming Languages: Bash, Shell, Python
Application Delivery: Github, BitBucket, Jenkins, CircleCI, AWS Code Deploy, AWS Code Pipeline, AWS Code Commit
Data Protection: AWS Certificate Manager, AWS KMS, Snapshot Lifecycle Manager, AWS Cloud HSM,
Database: DynamoDB, MongoDB MySQL, Postgres, Amazon Aurora
Communication: Confluence and Slack, Box
Bash Processing: Kinesis
Migration: Datebase Migration Service, Server Migration Service, Cloud Endure, CART

Certifications:
- Certified DevOps Engineer - Professionals.
- Certified Kubernetes – Professional
- AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate

EDUCATION:
Bachelor of Science in Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Buea,
Cameroon

Professional Experience:
TCS: DEVOPS/COUD ENGINEER
Location: Remote
03/07/2022 – 10/06/2023

Manage Docker orchestration and Docker containerization using Kubernetes.
Used Kubernetes to orchestrate the deployment, scaling, and management of Docker containers.
Performed integration of Code quality Analysis Techniques like find Bugs, Cobertura
with CI tools.
Experienced in building and deploying Java Applications and troubleshooting the
build and failures.
Implemented a continuous Delivery pipeline with Docker and GitHub.
Used Jenkins pipeline to drive all microservices builds out to the ECR and then deployed
to Kubernetes, created pods, and managed using Kubernetes.
Utilized Kubernetes for the runtime environment of the CICD system to build, test and
deploy.
Extracted Cost and Usage report from Billing.
Integrated Cost and Usage report with S3 and created a dashboard using Amazon
Quicksight and Splunk for visualization.
Integrated S3 with Athena to run SQL Queries
Configured EC2 Auto Scaling with Elastic Load balancer in cross-AZ and multi-AZ for high
availability and fault tolerant.
Build tools to monitor and alert the high performance and low latency applications.
Build and support tools to support Production AWS Deployment
Develops and deploys infrastructure as Code using automation and orchestration tools
in cloud environments
Builds CI/CD pipelines while incorporating automated testing and vulnerability scanning
Integrated Microservices using containerization.

ATOS, Bethesda MD 02/2019 – 03/2022
AWS Cloud Engineer
Monitored end-to-end infrastructure using CloudWatch and SNS and SQS for notification
Used AWS system manager to automate operational tasks across AWS resources
Project Management -AWS Infra design & application migration
Used System Manager to automate operational tasks across WK AWS infrastructure.
Setup AWS Single Sign On (SSO) for on premise Active Director (AD)
Implemented Jenkins, GitHub and Git for version control, code build, testing and release and CI/CD.
VPC build with Private and Public Subnet couple with VPNs setup back to on premise datacenter and cooperate offices.
Able to interpret requirements to develop micro services/integrations in CI/CD.
Extensive experience and knowledge in API Testing Tools and Deployment Platform.
Optimized cost through reserved instances, selection and changing of EC2 instance types based on re-source need, S3 storage classes and S3 lifecycle policies, leveraging Autoscaling
Provisioning high availability environment with auto scaling and Elastic Load Balancer
Configured CloudWatch alarm rules for operational and performance metrics for our AWS resources and applications
Setup and configured logs files for detail monitoring and alerts notification when changes are made.
Monitoring from end-to-end view of runtime systems CPU, bandwidth, disk space and log files using New Relic
Deployed and configured infrastructure using Terraform and Ansible Installed and setup Apache Web servers and DB Servers on Linux Based EC2 instances, created the DB Server environments (MYSQL).
Performed DB migrations: from on premise to (AWS) RDS MSQL and others Applications Servers Migrations using Database Migration Service (DMS), CloudEndure and SCT
Administer AWS Cloud Security – Allowing access to service and users with IAM, Security Group, Network Access Control List (NACL), MFA, KMS
Comprehensive knowledge of security compliance and security control
Set up and maintain the monitoring infrastructure, analyze system bottlenecks, issues/bugs and solve them in Real-time to maintain quality of product
Providing AWS operations and deployment guidance and best practices throughout the lifecycle of a project using VPC, Elastic Compute Cloud, EBS, Auto-scaling, ELB, etc.
Contributing in the DevOps team to maintain and build out our infrastructure and servers currently operating on AWS platforms.
Configuration of Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) using Code Pipeline and Code Deployment for automation.
Implemented security best practices in AWS including multi factor authentication, access key rotation, role-based permissions, enforced strong password policy, configured security groups and NACLs, S3 bucket policies and ACLs
Developed and documented security guardrails for AWS Cloud environments
Built custom images through docker server, docker compose with multiple local containers and created production grade workflows and a continuous application workflow for multiple images
Implemented multiple container deployments to AWS and maintained sets of containers with deployments

LENOVO: DEVOPS/AWS CLOUD ENGINEER
Houston, TX
Jan 2017 – 02/2019

Configured CI/CD Pipelines using Jenkins, SonarQube and Nexus from GitHub repository.
Configured CI/CD Pipelines using Code Build, Code Commit and Code Deploy.
Integrated Microservices using EC2 Instances and containerization.
Maintain existing CI/CD Pipeline updating the config file as needed.
Setup a Blue Green Deployment and Rolling Update.
Implemented GitHub and Git as source code management and version control.
Managed provisioning of AWS infrastructures using Terraform, CloudFormation.
Migrated high availability webservers and databases to AWS EC2 and RDS with minimum or no downtime.
Used Ansible for configuration management and EC2 creation.
Lead in EC2 creation using Ansible Tower.
Architect a secure infrastructure with a client VPN Endpoint to allow users to access resources in AWS.
Designed secure, cost-optimized, highly available and fault-tolerant architecture.
Implemented IAM best practices and role-based access control.
Design for high availability and business continuity using self-healing-based architectures, fail-over routing policies, multi-AZ deployment of EC2 instances, ELB health checks, Auto scaling and other disaster recovery models.
Developed a Lambda that monitors instances that did not comply with company standard.

AAC: AWS Solution Architect
Huston, TX
Jan 2014 – Jan 2017

Implementing IAM best practices and role- based access control.
Designed for high availability and business continuity using self-healing-based
architectures, fail-over routing policies, multi-AZ deployment of EC2 instances, ELB
health checks, Auto scaling and other disaster recovery models.
Developed baseline VPC and Network design including leveraging VPC Peering and
Transit Gateway.
Implemented AWS Organization to centrally managed multiple AWS accounts including
consolidated billing and policy-based restrictions.
Made use of the various S3 Storage classes-based customers need.
Migrated applications to AWS cloud environment using Cloud Endure.
Used AWS cloud services to launch Linux and windows machines, created security
groups and bootstrap user data to install packages at run time.
Developed LLDs for migrating various applications including network sizing, instance
types, naming convention, tags etc.
Managed provisioning of AWS infrastructures using CloudFormation.
Setup and configured logs files for detail monitoring and alerts notification.
Implemented security best practices in AWS including multi factor authentication,
access key rotation, role-based permissions, enforced strong password policy,
configured security groups and NACLs, S3 bucket policies, etc.
Supports the Enterprise sales team by acting as a technology liaison with the customer in a pre-sale support capacity
Develop value-add technology solutions with network services for potential customers
Present features, benefits and value of the Shaw Business Solution in customer engagements
Integrate qualifying and evaluating tools/resources into opportunity lifecycle
Contribute to RFP, RFI and tender requests with engineering/design specifications, product and service descriptions
Capture conceptual design of access, transport, data, voice and video network architectures that meet customer requirements
Collaborate with Engineering, Sales, Operations, Marketing and Product Development teams, to manage customer expectations of technical solutions and future service requirements
Various other duties as required
Deliver network architecture drawings/diagrams and equipment CAPEX for qualified sales opportunities –
Microsoft Visio Software proficiency is an asset.
Maintain ongoing relationships with technical contacts of key Enterprise accounts
Contact this candidate