Viralkumar Patel
Cloud DevOps Engineer
Email: ad0zez@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 201-***-****
Professional Summary:
5+ years of experience in provisioning of IaaS and PaaS concepts of Cloud Computing and implementing using Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Google Cloud Platform (GCP).
Good understanding of the principles and practices of Software Configuration Management (SCM) processes, including compiling, packaging, deploying, and Application configurations.
Hands on experience in vetting the security controls of various PaaS services in AWS/GCP and creating the technical security standards to secure the infrastructure.
Strong experience in building Infrastructure by using various AWS Services involving AWS Cloud Services, AWS EC2, EBS, VPC, RDS, SES, ELB, Auto Scaling, CloudFront, Elastic Cache, AWS Glue, API Gateway, Route 53, SNS.
Experience with DevOps solution including the functions of build, deploy, automation test control, generating reports and notification services with an end goal of continuous integration in GCP.
Good experience in installing and configuring the Ansible management node to deploy configuration to the end user nodes and writing Ansible playbooks to deploy configuration to the production's servers.
Expert in installing & configuring the applications like Docker tool and Kubernetes for the orchestration purpose.
Good experience with monitoring and logging tools such as CloudWatch, Nagios, and Splunk etc.
Hands on experience in installing and administrating CI tools like Jenkins.
Experience with Version Control Tools like GIT, GitHub and SVN
Experience in using MAVEN, ANT as build tools for writing build.xml and pom.xml and building of deployable Artifacts from source code and administering and configuring Nexus Repository Manager for Maven builds.
Experience working with Databases like Oracle 10g, 11g, MySQL, SQL Server and MongoDB.
Expert in installing, upgrading, configuring and troubleshooting Apache, Tomcat and WebLogic server.
Expertise in installing and configuring and troubleshooting on Windows, Linux and Unix servers using enterprise standards.

Technical Skills:
Languages
Shell, Python, SQL, Bash
Cloud Platforms
Amazon Webservices (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
Infrastructure Provisioning Tools
Terraform
CI/CD Tools
Jenkins
Containerization Tools
Docker, Kubernetes
Configuration Management
Ansible, Chef, Puppet
Build Tools
Maven, ANT
Source Control Management
GIT, GitHub, SVN
Logging & Monitoring Tools
Nagios, Splunk, CloudWatch
Web & Application Servers
Apache, Apache Tomcat, WebLogic
Databases
Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL
Operating Systems
Windows, Linux, Unix

Education:
Bachelors of Technology

Certification:
AWS Solution Architect Certification
Certified Kubernetes Application Developer (CKAD)
Google Cloud Engineer Certified Associate

Professional Experience:
BlueConic, Boston, MA Apr 2021 to Present
Cloud DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
Implemented AWS Cloud platform and its features which includes EC2, VPC, EBS, AMI, SNS, RDS, EBS, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Cloud Formation AWS Config, Autos calling, Cloud Front, IAM, S3 and R53.
Planned, built and configured network infrastructure within the VPC with public and private subnets and configure routing tables and internet gateway.
Created IAM user accounts and role-based policies for access to AWS services.
Implemented and maintained monitors, alarms, and notifications for EC2 instances using CloudWatch and SNS.
Created clusters in Google Cloud and managed the clusters using Kubernetes (k8s).
Used Jenkins to deploy code to Google Cloud, created new namespaces, created Docker images and push them to container registry of Google Cloud.
Deployed applications through Ansible and managed them in the production environment
Worked with Ansible tower for scheduling playbooks and used GIT repository to store these playbooks and implemented continuous deployment pipeline with Jenkins.
Was responsible for design, implementation, and success of Terraform Infrastructure as code to migrate automation of very large-scale automation product.
Managed Kubernetes charts using Helm, created reproducible builds of the Kubernetes applications, managed Kubernetes manifest files and managed releases of Helm packages.
Worked on Docker images using Docker files and setup high availability in Kubernetes.
Created private cloud using Kubernetes that supports DEV, TEST, and PROD environments.
Used Maven for the building of deployable Artifactory from source code.
Worked with GIT to store the code and setting up new development branches, merging branches, facilitating the releases.
Drove continuous improvement by focusing on increased automation, continuous integration, and continuous test principles.
Environment: Jenkins, Maven, GIT, Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Terraform, CloudWatch, Python, Shell Scripting, Jira

AbsenceSoft, Golden, CO Jan 2019 to Mar 2021
AWS DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
Built CI/CD on AWS environment using AWS Code Commit, Code Build, Code Deploy and Code Pipeline and using AWS CloudFormation, API Gateway, and AWS Lambda in automation and securing the infrastructure on AWS.
Created alarms in CloudWatch service for monitoring the server’s performance, CPU Utilization, disk usage etc.
Defined AWS Security Groups which acted as virtual firewalls that controlled the traffic allowed to reach one or more AWS EC2 instances.
Designed AWS CloudFormation templates to create custom sized VPC, Subnets, NAT to ensure successful deployment of Web applications and database templates.
Developed Templates for AWS infrastructure as a code using Terraform to build staging and production environments
Used security groups, network ACLs, Internet Gateways, NAT instances and Route tables to ensure a secure zone for organizations in AWS Public Cloud.
Created and troubleshoot Ansible scripts and Kubernetes YAML files to deploy CI/CD applications automatically and idempotently to reduce time costs.
Worked on container-based technologies like Docker and Kubernetes. Kubernetes is being used to orchestrate the deployment, scaling and management of Docker Containers.
Used Kubernetes to deploy scale, load balance and manage Docker containers by creating Pods & Clusters with multiple namespace ids.
Responsible to perform Build operations with Maven scripts.
Configured GIT with Jenkins and schedule jobs and integrated to automate the code checkout process.
Environment: Jenkins, Maven, GIT, Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Terraform, CloudWatch, Python, Shell Scripting, Jira

Supernova Technology, Chicago, IL Jan 2018 to Dec 2018
DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
Worked as a DevOps Engineer for a team that involves three different development teams and multiple simultaneous software releases.
Involved in versioning the source code, releasing binary files, creating and applying labels on source files and release file.
Configured multiple chef cookbooks, recipes, templates and attributes on workstations to be deployed to various chef nodes.
Managed Docker containers and Kubernetes Clusters.
Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes.
Created and managed multiple Instances of Apache Tomcat and deployed several test applications in those instances in Dev and Production environment.
Configured and used monitoring tools like Splunk for monitoring the network bandwidth and the hard drives status
Installed, configured and managed Nexus Repository Manager and all the Repositories, Created the Release process of the Artifacts.
Automated Ant builds by integrating them with Jenkins, and all builds output rpm packages as Artifacts.
Deployed and configured Git repositories with branching, forks, tagging, merge requests, and notifications.
Created Jenkins jobs and distributing load on Jenkins server by configuring Jenkins nodes which will enable parallel builds.
Used Oracle to connect to various databases and to check for the invalid objects after and before each release.
Managed day-to-day business issues related to pipeline and production deployments.
Environment: Docker, Kubernetes, Chef, Shell Scripting, Python, Apache Tomcat, Nexus Repository, Splunk, Ant, GIT, Jenkins, Oracle
Contact this candidate