Udayeswari Savana
ad0zc7@r.postjobfree.com
925-***-****
Sr. DevOps Engineer
CAREER SUMMARY:
Goal oriented IT professional offering 7 years of diversified experience in Software Configuration, Build/Release Management in planning, designing, consulting and Implementation. Having technical skills in areas of AWS Cloud, Python and Linux Environments.
●Extensively worked on AWS Cloud services like EC2, VPC, IAM, RDS, ELB, ECS, Auto - Scaling, S3, Cloud Front, Glacier, Elastic Beanstalk, Lambda, Elastic Cache, Route53, Cloud Watch, Cloud Formation, DynamoDB, SNS, SQS, SES, Lambda.
●Experience in changing over existing AWS infrastructure to Server less architecture (AWS Lambda, Kinesis) through the creation of a Serverless Architecture using Lambda, API gateway, Route53, S3 buckets.
●Extensive experience on continuous integration, continuous deployment, continuous delivery, supporting Build. Pipelines Release Management, configuration management (Infrastructure as a code) and cloud computing.
●Experience in designing Terraform and deploying it in cloud deployment manager to spin up resources like cloud virtual networks, Compute Engines in public and private subnets along with AutoScaler in AWS
●Experience in Designing, Architecting, and implementing scalable cloud-based web applications using AWS
●Expertise in Terraform to reliably version and create infrastructure on AWS. Created resources, using AWS Terraform modules, and automated infrastructure management and experienced with Terraform key features such as Infrastructure as code.
●Experience in using tools like Kubernetes, for Orchestrating and deploying the services related to the Containers and with container-based deployments using Kubernetes, working with Docker images.
●Expertise in deploying Ansible playbooks in AWS environment using Terraform as well as creating Ansible roles using YAML.
●Good Hands-on experience in continuous Integration tools such as Jenkins for automating the build processes. Implement CI and CD processes using JENKINS
●Expertise in Clusters using Kubernetes and worked on creating many pods, replication controllers, services, deployments, labels, health checks.
●Experience with Kubernetes architecture and design, troubleshooting issues and multi-regional deployment models and patterns for large-scale applications.

SKILLS:
Cloud Environment: Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Infrastructure as code: Terraform and Cloud Formation.
AWS Services: VPC, IAM, S3, Elastic Beanstalk, Lambda, DynamoDB, SNS, CloudFormation, CloudWatch, Route53.
Operating Systems: Linux (Red Hat, CENTOS), Windows.
Scripting: Shell Scripting, Python.
Version Control Tools: GIT, GITHUB.
Build Tools: Maven, Nexus.
Containerization Tools: Docker images, Kubernetes,AWS ECR
Application Servers: Nginx.
Automation & Configuration Tools: Ansible, Jenkins.
Monitoring Tools: AWS Cloud Watch, and Datadog.
Bug Tracking Tools: JIRA.

CERTIFICATIONS:
AWS cloud practitioner [Link]

EDUCATIONAL SUMMARY:
BTech Computer Science – Graduated from JNTU.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Aumentum, (Remote)
DevOps Engineer July 2020 - Present
Responsibilities:
●Experience in Software Integration, Configuration, building, automating, managing, and releasing code from one environment to another environment and deploying to servers.
●Worked on AWS Resources like EC2, S3, EBS, VPC, ELB, AMI, SNS, RDS, IAM, Route53, Cloud Formation, Cloud Watch, building custom workflows, rules, policy, provisioning in IAM.
●Managed and maintained the DevOps CI/CD pipelines using DevOps workflow which includes Continuous Integration of GitHub, Jenkins, Maven, Docker and Kubernetes.
●Participated in the release cycle of the product, which involved environments like Development QA, UAT and Production.
●Able to create scripts for system administration and AWS using languages such as Shell and Python.
●Involved in development of test environment on Docker containers and configuring the Docker containers using Kubernetes.
●Utilized Kubernetes for the runtime environment of the CI/CD system to build, test deploy.
●Used Ansible Playbooks to set-up Continuous Delivery Pipeline. Deployed micro services, including provisioning AWS environments using Ansible Playbooks.
●Worked on Jenkins, Docker for continuous integration and for End-to-End automation for all build and deployment.
●Extensively worked on Jenkins CI/CD pipeline jobs for end-to-end automation to build, test and deliver artifacts and troubleshoot the build issue during the Jenkins build process.
●Experience in writing Ansible playbooks. Experience in working with GITHUB to store the code.
●Managed network security using Load balancer, Auto-scaling, Gateway, Security groups and NACL.
●Configured Parallel jobs, upstream and downstream jobs in Jenkins to build and deploy onto different environments.
●Setting up monitoring tools like Datadog and Amazon Cloud watch to monitor major metrics like Network packets, CPU utilization, Load Balancer Latency.
●Worked on JIRA for defect/issues logging & tracking and documented all my work using CONFLUENCE.
Environment: Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Ansible, AWS, Docker images,Kubernetes, Jenkins, GitHub,JIRA.

HP (Palo Alto, CA.)
DevOps Engineer Aug 2017 - June2020
Responsibilities:
●Configured DataDog for Test, Dev, Pre-prod and Prod servers.
●Configured monitors for CPU, Memory, Disk, Logs and Custom metrics.
●Involved in creating manual backups for RDS and EC2.
●Created a virtual data center in the Amazon Web Services cloud to support Enterprise Data Warehouse including Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), Public and Private Subnets, Security
●Groups, Route Tables, Elastic Load Balancer.
●Created Dynamic Dashboards and monitors in DataDog.
●Involved certificate renewal activity on ELB & EKS pods.
●Written Ansible playbooks in YAML for automating infrastructure, Managed Ansible Playbooks with Ansible roles.
●Involved in automating, to ensure CI/CD in product developing using tools as Ansible.
●Extensive experience in architecting and deploying fault tolerant, highly available, cost effective and secure servers in Amazon Web Services (AWS).
●Creating S3 buckets and managing policies for S3 buckets and Utilized S3 bucket and Glacier for storage and backup on AWS.
●Implementation of NAT gateways for web apps hosted in private subnets.
●Used IAM (Identity Access and Management) to create new user and assigned groups and roles for that users.
●Highly motivated and committed DevOps Engineer experienced in Automating, Configuring and deploying instances on AWS, cloud environments and Data centres, also familiar with EC2, Cloud watch, Elastic IP's and managing security groups on AWS.
●Used Git, Jenkins, Ansible as tools for day to day build & release cycles.
●Responsible for Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) process implementation using Jenkins along with Python and Shell scripts to automate routine jobs.
●Experience in Datadog and Cloudwatch for monitoring and alerting.
●Setup SonarQube for static code analysis and CI/CD Integration with Jenkins.
Environment: AWS (EKS, EC2, ELB, Cloud Watch, RDS, etc.), DevOps (Kubernetes, Terraform, Datadog).

Tanla, Hyderabad Sept 2014– Nov 2016
Build and Release Engineer
Responsibilities:
●Participated in the release cycle of the product which involved environments like development QA UAT and Production.
●Experience in Configuration Management tool Ansible.
●Documented all the process of CI/CD Pipeline to make sure that all the steps are completed successfully and for feature reference of Dev teams.
●Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds when conditions not met.
●Installed and Configured the Nexus repository manager for sharing the artifacts within the company.
●Integrated Docker container orchestration framework using Kubernetes by creating pods, config Maps and deployments.
●Responsible for tagging and maintain code on version control GITand Creating branches and tags on GIT repository and provided branches access permission to dev team.
●Worked on integrating GIT into the continuous Integration (CI) environment along with Jenkins.
●Created branches in GIT implementing parallel development process.
●Written Shell scripts to apply the Integration label to all the files which needs manual labelling of files.
●Implementing a Continuous Delivery framework using Jenkins pipelines.
●Installed Jenkins on a Linux machine and created a master and slave configuration to implement multiple parallel builds through a build farm.
●Used Git, Maven, Jenkins, Ansible as tools for day to day build & release cycles.
●Prepared the Release plan and Coordination activities from Release Management.
●Active participant in scrum meetings, reporting the progress and maintain effective communication with each team member and manager.
Environment: CI/CD, Jenkins, Maven, Docker, Nexus, SonarQube, Shell, Bash, Python, Window, Linux.
Contact this candidate