Ayyub Sayyed
Ph: 732-***-**** Email: ad0zhk@r.postjobfree.com
Sr. DevOps Engineer

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Over 19+ years of experience in Architect, design, develop, build, automation, middleware, release management process, building and deploying applications by adopting DevOps practices such as Continuous development, Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment (CD)in runtime with various tools like Azure DevOps, AWS, Jenkins, DevOps Admin, TFS, Git, Bitbucket, Ansible, Chef, Docker, Kubernetes, Windows, UNIX, PowerShell, Python by managing various cloud services.
Expertise in building, automating, creating safely and predictably cloud infrastructure, manage large scale data, provision, Databases, automate workflow, workloads, VM, resources, execute POCs, Load Balancing, network security for applications, cloud-based components, services such as Terraform, Log analytics, ARM Templates, orchestration, Cosmos DB, Cloud Formation using Azure, GCP, AWS.
Expertise in various cloud services, Public Cloud offerings and consumption models, Architecting and Implementing Azure Service Offering, such as Azure cloud services, storage, IIS, Azure Active Directory (AD), Azure Resource Manager (ARM), log analytics, monitoring, Blob Storage, VMs, SQL Database, Functions, Service Fabric, interconnect, Shared VPCs, peering, firewall, and on-premises with GIT, MS Build, Docker, Maven, ANT along with Jenkins’s plugins.
Hands on experience in Middleware admin, maintain SLIs, SLOs, SLAs, lead, Backup, restore services, design, and configure Azure Virtual Networks (VNets), subnets, network, DNS settings, security policies, routing. Azure functions, Blob storage, Logic Apps, Active directory, and Cosmos DB.
Creating and maintaining Infrastructure for Applications in Azure and AWS using Terraform.
Strong working experience on Middleware application servers, WebSphere, performance tuning, scripting language, performance tuning, and Analytical skills to problem-solving.
Experience in dealing with Windows Azure IaaS - Virtual Networks, VM, Resource Groups, Express Route, VPN, Load Balancing, Application Gateways, Auto-Scaling, Traffic Manager.
Experience in cloud computing (Infrastructure as services, storage, Platforms as a Services), Azure resource management, AWS Cloud formation, created reusable Terraform modules in Azure/AWS.
Expertise in configuring the monitoring log analytics and alerting tools according to the requirement using AWS CloudWatch, Azure Monitor and AppDynamics.
Expertise in implement Container instance, Kubernet services, deploy docker images, software containerization platforms like Docker, container orchestration tools like Kubernetes and Docker Swarm.
Expertise in developing applications using Azure .Net core, ASP.Net, MVC, C#, Telerik, Java Script, Oracle, SQL, Web service, RESTful Service and Object-Oriented programming skills.
Expertise in managing and configuring AWS EC2 instances services as per the business needs (EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, Cloud Watch, IAM, SNS and VPC) and configured scalable infrastructure.
Hands on experience in AWS provisioning AWS services like EC2, S3, Glacier, Elastic Load balancer, RDS, Redshift, IAM, Route 53, VPC, Auto scaling groups, Cloud Front, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Cloud Formation, Security Groups and have good architecture knowledge on Amazon Web Services.
Created and managed build, CI CD pipeline, release pipeline for .Net and java-based applications using ALM tools like TFS-13/15/17, VSTS, MSBuild, RTC, UDeploy.
Strong experience in TFS architecture, TFS admin, DB migrations from TFS 2013 to 2015/2017, upgrades, configuration management, Process Templates customization, security, SharePoint portal configuration, Manual Testing using Microsoft test Manager.
Developed and automated ARM templates, log analytical workspace, logs, Alerts, charts.
Expertise with Python, Shell, PowerShell, JSON, YAML, Groovy and developed Shell and Python Scripts to automate day to day administrative tasks, automation of the build and release pipelines.
Managed onsite/offshore module & successfully managed teams of various sizes up to 18 developers.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Operating Systems
Windows, Unix, Linux, Ubuntu, Red Hat Linux, Solaris.
Cloud Technology
GCP, Azure, AWS, Cloud Security, API Gateway, Logic apps, Kafka, Dynamic365, PowerApps, ARM Template, Web sphere, Apache Tomcat, Containerization, Open shift/Kubernetes, Docker, Terraform, Azure AKS
Programming/ Scripting
C, C++, Java, C#, VB, VB.Net, XML, PL/SQL, Shell, bash, PowerShell,
Microsoft Technologies
VS 2017/15/13, ASP.NET, MVC, AJAX, Silverlight, JQuery, TFS, WCF, WPF, Web Services, LINQ, COM, SharePoint Moss 2007, WSS 3.0
Web Technologies
XML, XSL, CSS, HTML, DHTML, XAML, JavaScript, VB Script.
Databases
SQL Server, Cosmos DB, DynamoDB, MongoDB, Sybase, Oracle.
Servers / Portal Server
Commerce Server, BizTalk, IIS, SharePoint Server-07, Apache
Reporting/Security Tools
Data Reports, Crystal Reports, SSRS, Cognos 8, QlikView, AppScan
Tools /Version control
ETL, Hadoop, Hive, Sqoop, SVN, RTC, TFS, CodeCommit, Azure Repo, JIRA, Bit Bucket, Autosys, Tectia, Eclipse IDE, Confluence, Service Now
CICD/Build/Deploy Tools
Jenkins, TeamCity, Ant, Maven, UDeploy, TFS, Azure, Docker, Chef, Puppet, AWS CodeDeploy, CodePipeline, MS Build, Ansible, Artifactory

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Client: Citi - Tampa, FL Sep 2013– Till date
Senior DevOps Engineer /SRE
Responsibilities:
Involved in application design, develop, plan, code, build, test, release, deploy, monitor, support change, infrastructure, manage, develop CI CD process, integrate repository, issue tracking, build, and release management across multiple team and Java, .Net based applications using Azure DevOps, TFS, AWS, Jenkins, GIT, TeamCity, GitLab, RLM, BitBucket, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, Ansible, UDeploy.
Created safely, predictably cloud infrastructure in could, automate workflow, workloads, manage large scale data, provision, VM, monitoring logs, Alerts, Resource Manager, EC2, S3, IAM, Cosmos DB, data storage, execute POCs, Connections, LB, and Network Security for .net and JAVA applications.
Automated system configurations, write automation scripts build automation capabilities to resources, upgrades, migration, workflow, control an access to resources, Cloud watch, AppDynamics, Azure monitoring, security in cloud-based environment while implementing and integration.
Worked on various cloud services and cloud computing like (Infrastructure as services, storage, Infrastructure as Code, Platforms as a Services), Compute, Cloud SQL, storage, functions, Agile, SDLC, methodology, load balancers, monitoring, interconnect, Shared VPCs, peering, firewall.
Responsible to lead DevOps team to identify problems with systems, maintain SLIs, SLOs, SLAs, monitor, alerts, plan, events, drives regular change, deployment, maintain the CI CD pipeline, support multiple software, applications, automate manual work, installations, lead to centralize the SRE backlog, build virtual agile teams to deliver initiatives, data migration, investigate, space and performance monitoring, COB, troubleshooting problem, Observability program, including telemetry, release cutover, 24*7 support, Implement SRE practices and tunning.
Managed Computer system understood SRE principle, DevOps, root cause of issue (RCA), worked with business, engineering, Citi SME to get requirement, SLA, automate applications and software.
Worked as Middleware admin and supported application servers, WebSphere, tomcat, upgrades, patching, performance tuning, managing security certificates and Analytical skills to problem-solving.
Created playbooks in Ansible to manage nodes, VM’s, to automate the infrastructure provisioning.
Used Terraform to enable safely and predictably create, change, and improve infrastructure.
Used infrastructure as code (IAC) to automate the provisioning of infrastructure, created terraform template for configurations, projects, VPC, subnetwork, clusters, for various using terraform template.
Involved in building and deploying large scale .NET and java-based web applications in cloud environment using Terraform and scripting language such as shell, PowerShell, Python.
Developed and supported Web/Windows based UI, RESTful web services, API’s, reports, database schemas, Production issues based on ServiceNow incident tickets using Azure core.
Managed and configured AWS EC2 instances services as per the business needs (EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, Cloud Watch, IAM, SNS and VPC).
Used IAM for security, productivity, reduced costs and access and identity management.
Managed 7500+TFS users across multiple AD groups in Collection and Project level permissions.
Managed and configured TFS projects, collections, TFS admin, upgrades, configuration, Process Templates customization, DB migrations from TFS-2010 to 2015/17, security, portal configuration, Manual Testing using Microsoft test Manager, build issue, compile error, coding, and deployment.
Created and managed build and release pipeline for .Net and java-based applications using TFS-13/15/17, VSTS, MSBuild, RTC, UDeploy and used GIT Bitbucket as version control repository.
Design and develop SQL databases, upgrade database for performance, implement security.
Manage and involve in delivering multiple Big Data projects, used Hadoop ecosystem components like HDFS, MapReduce, Hive for providing data query and Data analysis.
Support, maintain big data applications, used Sqoop tool to extract data from non-Hadoop data stores, transfer data between Hadoop and relational database server, load the data into HDFS.
Lead offshore team and supported with multi-tiered developing environments, Prod support, upgrades, Implementation of complex changes to Middleware hosted infrastructure.
Environment: Azure, TFS, VSTS, .Net Core, ASP.Net, C#, AWS, GCP, Jenkins, Cloudbees, GIT, GitHub, GitLab, RTC, Bitbucket, Docker, kubernetes, Unix, WebSphere, PowerShell, Maven, ANT, JIRA, Chef, UDeploy, SQL, Oracle, Tomcat, Big data, Hadoop, Hive, Sqoop, Artifactory, Ansible, Puppet, Service Now.

Client: AT & T Mobility (Hoffman Estate, IL) May 2013 – Aug 2013
Senior Application Developer (.Net with Telerik)
Responsibilities:
Involved in design, develop, testing the Vemon application to display key RF performance indicators at Venue, Carrier, zone mapping and Google map location.
Developed GUI using ASP.Net, Silverlight and C #, AJAX, Telerik and JQuery.
Created dashboards in asp.net, C#, Telerik and Silverlight, show the data in the different charts.
Created Zone Mapper tool to create stadium, zones, change size using ASP.Net, Silverlight.
Extensively used .NET Grid View control to display venue, carrier, KPIS and zone.
Created zones for stadiums and showed the different colors according to venues and KPIs.
Created chart and polygons to show RF performance and KPIS value.
Created Event scheduler with Google location to show team events and venue location.
Developed and consumed WCF services to pull data from different servers.
Designed and developed database and created store procedure, Triggers in SQL 2012 (T-SQL).
Used ODP.Net for retrieving Data and manipulating data from Oracle.
Created technical specifications, wrote test cases, unit testing to help end-users.
Environment: ASP.Net, Telerik, Silverlight, C#, LINQ, HTML, Java script. WCF, XML, SQL 2012

Client: Citi - Tampa, FL May 2010 – Apr 2013
Senior Application Developer
Responsibilities:
Design and developed Management Dashboard application, Safe Act (Fingerprint processing tools for Citi) and other External sources using .Net, QlikView, IBM Cognos reporting tool to automate and provide Citibank’s weekly, quarterly, and monthly reports, including credit, real estate loans, student loans, and over 40 additional data reports, charts to senior management on daily bases.
Designed and developed CSIS Management console application .Net to grant, revoke user access, get Up-to-date information on data related incidents, allows them to analyze the data.
Involved to gather the requirements, provide architecture and design for financial module.
Created the Windows Service to upload Excel File and Windows Executable for Data Refresh.
Created the Common dll’s for Application layer interface and screens using C# and VB.Net.
Developed dynamic web page, implemented, creatively implemented design requirements using client-side scripting language like Java Script, jQuery, CSS3, HTML5 and AJAX.
Created the Encryption and Decryption Module for Reading and Writing Database Password.
Developed user & custom control, used .NET Grid View control to display and sort multiple records, create Extender control, Data list, List view using ASP.Net and Ajax control toolkit.
Created user reports, setup access, audit reports using QlikView, SSRS and SSIS packages.
Used functions, data models QlikView, optimization of data model for query performance.
Designed and developed database in SQL (T-SQL), upgraded from Oracle 10 to Oracle 11g.
Involved in installing, validate certificate, and deploy the code migration into UAT and PROD.
Installed, Configured, Integrated, and created IBM Cognos Reports for the Application.
Created user-interface for dashboards, with real time graph, charts in Telerik rad controls.
Worked with Multi-tiered developing environments (SIT, UAT and Production)
Environment: VS2012, ASP.NET MVC, C#, AJAX, JavaScript, Web-Services, WCF, WPF, jQuery, IIS, CSS, XML, HTML, SQL 2008, Oracle 11g, PL/SQL, QlikView, TFS, Service Now and IBM Cognos.

Client: Applied Clinical Intelligence (Princeton, NJ) Dec 2009 – Apr 2010
.Net Developer (.Net with SharePoint)
Responsibilities:
Involved in design, develop Adjudication application to supports multiple projects to manage cases, voters to adjudicate admin to users, roles using Agile methodology.
Developed an application using ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server 2005, AJAX and JQuery.
Extensively used .NET Grid View control to display and sort multiple records.
Created several ASP.NET user controls and custom web controls using Telerik and AJAX.
Designed & developed web pages using Asp.net MVC, HTML, CSS, Java Script, and XML.
Created, consumed a Web Services to access all the reference data, case details to be accessed.
Created the Database schema, stored procedures, Triggers in Oracle 11g (SQL, PL/SQL).
Used ODP.Net for retrieving Data and manipulating data from Oracle.
Design and implemented SharePoint team sites, Web Content Management for the business.
Developed SharePoint Site collections, custom web parts, master pages using SharePoint 2007, ASP.Net.
Used layout panel to coordinate the position, resizing of controls using Silverlight and WPF.
Created an LDAP data interchange format (LDIF) file and imported it into your LDAP directory.
Created technical specifications, documentation to help end-user’s build-up solutions for business.
Environment: ASP.Net, C#, JavaScript, WCF, SharePoint 2007, WSS 3.0 SQL, Active Directory, HTML.

Client: Universal American (Solon, OH) June 2009 – Nov 2009
.Net Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in design, develop UI for Member Health application for pharmacy benefits provider that attributes its success to its member-centered approach to health benefits.
Involved in system object mapping and database analysis of Member health to the associated requirements for the assigned HIPPA, Medco, Monitoring system and high-cost drug.
Involved in writing the business logic for the new Team tracks in C#, ASP.Net files.
Used Microsoft Ajax control tool kit, Telerik Kit and Client scripting for client-side validation.
Developed various WCF and Web services to supply data to the user interface.
Extensively used JQuery for high performance, to simplify the Ajax Development.
Created SSIS, SSRS packages to extract from Excel, Text files, reports, and upload to database.
Designed database, created stored procedures and functions using T-SQL in SQL 2005.
Created SSIS package for sending and receiving emails using SMTP.
Environment: ASP.NET, Ajax C#, Web Service, XML, jQuery, SQL, SSIS, SSRS, HTML, Java script.

Client: Ohio Department of Job & Family Services (Columbus OH) July 2007-May 2009
Application Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in requirements gathering, Analysis, developing Medicaid project for OHIO state to extract benefits, TPL, Pharmacy claim data by writing the business logic for change orders in C#, XML files.
Designed and developed user interface screens using ASP.Net, C#.
Involved in system object mapping of interchange objects for Claims, Provider, TPL system.
Used Clear Case to provides access to resources in Rational Clear Case repositories.
Created and consumed a web service and WCF services to supply data to the user interface.
Extensive Use of ADO.NET (ODP.Net) for retrieving Data and manipulating data by Oracle.
Used DTS for the transfer of data from MySQL to SQL Server.
Involved in design and implementation of the Business layer and triggers using PL/SQL.
Used Factory Method design patterns to create an instance of several derived classes.
Followed full Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC).
Environment: .Net 3.5, ASP.NET, C#, AJAX, XML, WCF, Web Service, JQuery, WPF, LINQ, SQL Server
2005, Oracle 10g, HTML, CSS, Java script, TFS, Vault, Factory Method, SOA, DotNetNuke framework.
Netsurf Communication (P) Ltd (Pune, INDIA) Oct. 2001 – April 2007
Application Developer
Responsibilities:
Design and developed web/Windows based application such as Receipt System, Oppsworld training centers, Inventory Management System for stock and web-based solution for selling product through network marketing and support their e-commerce using ASP.net, C#, SQL, and Crystal Reports.
Design and developed web-based project management application using ASP.Net, C# and developed database, tables, created store procedure, functions in SQL Server 2000/2005.
Analysis of existing architecture and migrating to .Net, developed core .Net data access layer, exception handling, user control and specified business components as to handle the business rules.
Extensive use of Dataset, Typed Dataset, Data reader, Data adapter using Asp.Net and C#.
Designed user friendly interface and report using ASP, VB, Flash, Photoshop, Crystal report.
Involved in designing, coding, and testing the window-based project and used Visual Basic 6.0, Microsoft Soap toolkit, extensive use of ADO and created COM+ components.
Extensive Use of ADO.NET (SQL Client, OLEDB) and used VFS for source control versioning.
Designed & developed ActiveX components (COM Objects) using VB 6.0 and ASP.
Environment: Visual studio, .Net2.0, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, C#, Win Forms, VB.Net, Classic ASP, VB, CSS, HTML, ActiveX, COM, DCOM, SQL 02/05, e Commerce Server, Java Script, VB Script, DHTML, Crystal report.
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATION
· Master of Science in Information technology
· Bachelor and advanced degree in Computer Software
· Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist.
· Brain bench certification in UNIX
Contact this candidate