Michael J. Foley
732-***-**** ad1e8v@r.postjobfree.com www.foley.us.com

Seasoned Senior Linux Engineer
Results-oriented, seasoned business leader, skilled enterprise architect.
More than 20 years of proven experience solving challenging business problems with innovative enterprise solutions aligning business needs to IT capabilities.
Recognized industry thought leader having authored portfolio of papers and presentations on IT Transformation, Business/IT Alignment, Enterprise Modernization, Cloud Computing and SOA/ESB.
Unique blend of business and technical skill sets resulting from a diverse professional background, a solid educational foundation, and several industry-recognized awards/achievements.

Key areas of Expertise

Enterprise Engineering
Linux Administration
Dev/Ops
Intrusion detection
Access Control
Distributed Integration
High Performance LAN/WAN
Cloud Native Solutions
SOA, ESB, Web Services
Container Based Scaling
And High Availability
Application Security Performance

Manage all internet Apps
DNS/Radius/Apache/MySQL
PHP/TomCat
Schedule and Maintain Backup and Procedures
Error log analysis
Server Monitoring
Upgrade testing methodologies, tools and techniques
Versions Control Systems
CIS (Jenkins)
Unix/Linux/HP/Solaris
System Analysis
Build Tools
Snort//WireShark
Perl/C/shell/python
Centrify CA Etrust
TeraData
Professional Experience
ETraces, LLC – Trenton, NJ January 2012-Present
Lead Technical Architect (Contractor Clients include Plymouth Rock Insurance, AIG, and NYC HHC)
Provided support on Linux applications including but not limited to Tibco, Websphere, Lotus Domino and VMware on Linux ESX platform.
Lead the security engineering of Active Directory consolidation program, Identify risks and engineer remediation of gaps, to facilitate deliver of a hardened and sustainable Centrify environment.
Managed and administered reverse proxy servers and assisted in penetration testing for exploit discovery, web applications and PCI compliance.
Developed and executed Bash scripting which automated and streamlined companywide business functions.
Served as technical lead for the support and architectural delivery of more than 6000 RHEL servers and provided technical support on hardware installation.
Management of User accounts, System security, Kernel performance monitoring and tuning.
Perform ongoing performance tuning, upgrades and resource optimization as directed
Install software, configure servers, implement security patches, and provide overall support of cloud computing environments
Knowledge of Virtualization (VmWare, Hyper-v, KMC etc)
Monitor alerting systems for system failures, addressing issues as they arise
Respond to support and service request tickets
Root cause and failure analysis to resolve systems problem
Respond to and remediate systems incidents
Lead security efforts for integration of infrastructure and business solutions to ensure Data Loss Prevention.
Assist with secure design/engineering of enterprise PKI solution.
Collaborate with IT operations, IT architects, and Business solution architects to review solutions and system design, and validate against the security architecture and best practices to ensure compliance and risk mitigation.
Provide SME guidance on access management for Microsoft and Unix platforms.
Deliver scripted solutions to assist with discovery and remediation of ad-hoc security gaps.
Provide guidance on topics broadly related to information security risk and compliance.
Perform research and analysis to facilitate adoption of security solutions that are driven by emerging technologies (examples - cloud, mobile, big data, cyber- threats and so on..) and business drivers (for instance M&A, offshore expansion, etc).
Ensure system alignment to Enterprise Architecture policies and best practices, ensure that process methodologies are followed in system development.
Accountable to business and technology management for end to end application scoping, planning, development and delivery that meets and exceeds quality standards.
PRNewswire – Jersey City, NJ April 2008–2012
Enterprise Linux Engineer
Perform ongoing performance tuning, upgrades and resource optimization as directed
Install software, configure servers, implement security patches, and provide overall support of cloud computing environments
Knowledge of Virtualization (VmWare, Hyper-v, KMC etc)
Monitor alerting systems for system failures, addressing issues as they arise
Respond to support and service request tickets
Root cause and failure analysis to resolve systems problem
Respond to and remediate systems incidents
Develop key performance indicators for such services and communicate regularly with Sr. Management to report on operational performance
Make architectural design decisions, solve technical problems, and make improvements to our systems
Develop relationships with and work alongside other functional IT groups such as networking, database and security
Resolves system, network, and hardware problems and assists users by phone and/or in person
Responsible for overseeing the lifecycle of the systems and network infrastructure that make up Bloomberg's service offerings
Perform root cause analysis on hardware, software, network and operating system issues
PAEDEIA – Trenton, NJ 2004–2008
Director of technology and Engineering

As Director of Technology, wrote an EPIC based obstetric fetal monitoring educational product suite that helped and trained medical professionals in labor and delivery to interpret fetal strips to protect and save the lives of infants and families. Created numerous business cases, modeled and developed applications and DBMS infrastructures, managed outsourcing programs, and maintained vendor relations for this CME distance learning solution. www.obNeo.com.
Served as a key technical steward ensuring Business and IT alignment and led the development of a globally scalable training and education delivery
Automated knowledge management and transfer by turning paper-based information into an electronic document and testing/grading system.
Designed system using Flash, Apache Tomcat, JEE, MUMPS and IIS technology to present graphical information across multiple platforms.
Built a working POC and demo through third party outsource partner.
Constructed pseudo-code description of logic for specifications, code development and deliverables.
Lambert Communications – Lambertville, NJ 2002–2004
Infrastructure Engineer

Designed, Implemented and supported corporate infrastructure for this technology consulting company in the cable industry. Provided complete technical support to Cedar Point through Comcast of Philadelphia trials to be the first ISP providing IP telephony through the SS7 signaling system..
Cable & Wireless PLC – Reston, VA 1999–2001
Director of Global Technology

Lead Program Management of Company’s 60 products/enhancements every 90 days. Involved quantitatively sizing market opportunities for a five year period utilizing the latest marketing/modeling techniques, Identifying, mitigating and controlling risks, applying best practice methods and designing a Product Strategy Development within the architectural frame work of a scaleable product development and deployment plan
Managed the start up of Wireless Telephone Company in Australia oversaw and directed all aspects of product development, vendor management, OSS’, CRM and ERP for the successful launch and continuing profitable business.
AT&T – Holmdel, NJ 1980–1999
Division Manager ATT-S Global Technology

Manage 25 international staff members and 7M budget. Craft and implement the 3-year IT strategy, Workplans, budget & staffing plans. Reorganize the IT Unit to best respond to Scientific Unit needs. Set objectives, appraise, develop and motivate team. Define and enforce Service Level Agreements (SLA). Report on implementation through Key Performance Indicators. Disseminate IT best practices. Manage establishment of Business Continuity Plan. Chair group of 30 Heads of IT of EU Member State agencies.
Instituted Global Technology that reduced the annual closing of corporate books from a 33-day operation to 3 days, yielding a 75% decrease in cost. Financial Systems and Networks for 37 different companies were re-engineered into a single secure reporting system over a Global Redundant Virtual Private Network which assured security of data and reliability of infrastructure.
AT&T HealthCare Solutions, lead the development of EPIC based distance consultation integrating patient EMR and teleconferencing allowing local doctors to receive remote diagnosis and consultation.
Lead technical implementation of company’s start-up Universal Card Business. Designed, Developed and implemented the IT Systems and Infrastructure, CRM systems, ERP and Financial back office systems. Business Unit was awarded Malcolm Baldridge Quality Award. Achieved Sigma Six up time for IT Systems and Network.
Managed and Operated Fortune 50 Financial Services company’s global private voice, data and infrastructure network. Company network consisted of 3000 routers, 6000 bubs and 47000 endpoints in 87 countries, voice network included 91 IDNX nodes. Voice network generated 30000 minutes daily and data network carried 5TB daily over secure VPN. Implemented Secure customer access to investment data.
Managed and Operated a start-up of Consumer and Business Global ISP providing dial-up and dedicated access. Established Secure E-Commerce Hosting centers on three continents to service commerce needs of business customers.
Convinced senior management to add corporate logo/name to global E-Commerce startup’s image. Guaranteed them Direct Measures of Quality (DMOQ’s) would be followed. As a result 1st year’s revenues were well beyond the numbers projected.
Designed, Developed and Implemented software programs (C and shell) for High Availability, Data Redundant, Secure Access transaction processing and data archiving system for one of the three largest credit reporting agencies.
Designed, Developed and Implemented programs and scripts for AT&T Universal Card Services Malcolm Baldrige award winning high availability data center in Jacksonville Florida..
Authored System 5/Release 4 Device Driver Migration Handbook, UNIX System 7 line printer spooling system, AP16 Power-up Firmware, sendmail software, Developed First ever AT&T System 7000 Fault tolerant operating system. AT&T Worldnet Risk Management & Data Protection. AT&T Corporate Policy for E-Mail security

Specific Skills

[Software]: C, SQL, Perl, Vbasic, Oracle, Unix, Linix, MSOffice Suite, Windows, Windows NT, CORBA, E-commerce Applications Development, email

[Networking]: WAN, LAN,and MAN backbone architectures for placement of, Hubs, Routers, switches load balancers. HP Openview, Backbone Switching, Architecture, Broadband Technologies,.
[Hardware]: HP, Pyramid, AT&T 3B, Sun, Intel x86, Dell, Gateway, IBM, Tandem, Compaq, Silicon Graphics
[Management]: Project Management, Information retention & Protection, Business Start-up, Budget, Business Turnaround, Talent Retention, Business Unit Management, Project Design, Architecture, Vendor Management, Business Planning, Strategy, Disaster Recovery, Business Continuity, Board Presentations, Strategic Alliances

Education J.D. Seton Hall University School of Law, Newark, NJ
B.S. Business Finance Administration, Monmouth University, West Long Branch, NJ
Physics, Rensselaer PolyTechnical Institute
Computer Science, National Science Foundation grant, taken at Stevens Institute of Technology in Hoboken, NJ.

Personal Open to travel/Relocation
Contact this candidate