Komal Maher
Career Objective :
Looking forward to work in an organization that will assist me in developing my learning, skills and knowledge .
Professional Summary :
Data Engineer with 2 year of experience in SQL, Hive, Python, Apache Spark, and AWS.
Importing/Exporting data to/from RDBMS using Sqoop.
Very Good understanding of Partitioning, Bucketing concepts in Hive and designed both Internal and External tables in Hive to optimize performance.
Having good experience on SQL, Spark streaming, HBase, Linux, Pandas
Having experience in all stages of the project including requirements gathering, designing & documenting architecture, development, data extraction.
Exposure to AWS cloud technologies such as EC2, S3, EMR, RDS, IAM, etc.
Administered and monitored HBase cluster, ensuring high availability and data integrity for real time applications.
Worked on structured, non-structured datasets.
Worked on Airflow Scheduler
Automated routine data engineering tasks using python scripts, improving team productivity by 15%.
A good team player and fluent communicator
Professional Experience:
Data Engineer, Sayu Softech LTD. Pune. OCT 2021-Present Project: Telecom Services.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Understand the upstream source nature and work with business cases.
Written Spark jobs to extract records from downstream source.
Export and Import batch data and delta into HDFS and Hive using Spark.
Reconcile the imported or transformed data as per business requirement.
Reconcile Reporting Deduplication data extraction ad1fh4@r.postjobfree.com
Aurangabad, India
+91-952*******
http://linkedin.com/in/komal-
maher-5a15a3212
Preferred Technologies
Big Data Tech: Hive, Sqoop, Hadoop, Spark.
Language: Python, SQL
Databases : Hbase, Oracle, Postgre SQL, MySQL.
Cloud Technogies : (AWS services) : EC2, S3, EMR, RDS.
Environment : Linux, Windows.
Version Control : Github.
Professional Qualification
BE from University of Aurangabad in Computer Science and Engineering with First Division. Personal Skills
Eager to learn new things as well as good learner.
Work with full dedication and hardwork.
Good management skills.
Leadership skills.
Personal Details
Full Name : Komal Mahajan Maher.
Date of Birth : 15th OCT 1995
Languages Known : English, Hindi, Marathi.
Declaration
I hereby declare that the above given information are true and to the best of my knowledge. Place: Aurangabad Komal Maher
Contact this candidate