FESTUS ZINDOZIN
Mobile: 352-***-**** Email: ad1h7t@r.postjobfree.com
Authorized to work in the United States for any employer without sponsorship PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Experienced and goal-driven Cloud Security Engineer and Solutions Architect with a strong track record of designing and implementing robust system architectures. Proficient in leveraging both cloud and legacy solutions effectively to meet organization’s objectives. Skilled in reviewing proposals with a practiced eye, making valuable contributions throughout the product development lifecycle. Maintains current body of knowledge on emerging cloud security risks and vulnerabilities, ensuring the implementation of robust security measures. Proficient in analyzing penetration test results and effectively collaborating with technology partners and business units to promptly resolve identified vulnerabilities and build with industry compliance frameworks. OBJECTIVE
To obtain a challenging role as an AWS Cloud/Security Engineer and utilize my expertise and experience in designing and implementing organization wide secure cloud infrastructures while ensuring data privacy, security, and compliance. EDUCATION
University of Florida Gainesville, FL
Master of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering 2021 University of Benin Benin-City, Nigeria
Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical and Electronic Engineering 2017 SKILLS
o AWS SECURITY SERVICES: AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), AWS Control Tower and Organization, AWS Shield, AWS Inspector and Guard Duty, AWS Security Hub, AWS Config, AWS Certificate Manager, AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF), AWS Shield, AWS CloudFront and Lambda, AWS (EC2, EBS, S3, VPC, NACL Security Group, Route53, Auto Scaling).
o SECURITY COMPLIANCE STANDARDS: PCI-DSS, HIPAA, SOC CIS and NIST o SECURITY TOOLS: Nessus, Splunk
o TOOLS: Toad, PuTTY, SSH, Crontab, VMware, VirtualBox o PROGRAMMING: Python, Bash Scripting, Linux
o SOFT SKILLS: Effective Communicator, Technical Problem Solver, Collaborator, Effective Time Management, Continuous Learner, Adaptability, Customer Focus
CLOUD CERTIFICATIONS (https://www.credly.com/users/festus-zindozin) o AWS [Solutions Architect Professional]
o AWS [Devops Engineer Professional] -In View
o AWS [Certified Solutions Architect – Associate]
o AWS [Certified Developer Associate]
o AWS [Certified Security Specialty]
o AWS [Certified Cloud Practitioner]
o GCP [Certified Digital Cloud Leader]
o GCP [Certified Cloud Engineer – Associate]
o AZURE [Azure Fundamentals]
EXPERIENCE
Intel Corporation Albuquerque, NM
Cloud Engineer Jan 2022 – Present
o Conducting comprehensive research and analysis of cloud vulnerability assessments to ensure adherence to industry standards. o Meet with stakeholders on a weekly basis to prioritize and remediate vulnerabilities for customers. o Integrate cloud security tool to cloud service providers to get full visibility into customer’s cloud environment. o Building customer queries and save as controls to generate issues for misconfigurations in cloud environment. o Designing solutions that ensure maximum flexibility and scalability while meeting all required security controls. o Managing security vulnerability lifecycle from detection to notification and closure with the customer security engineering team. o Monitoring and Reviewing cloud vulnerability and compliance scan results and determining best strategy to drive remediation. o Proactively identifying security threats in public cloud infrastructure. o Conducting security training sessions for employees and educating them on AWS security services and compliance standards. Intel Corporation Folsom, CA
Cloud Engineering Intern Jun 2021 – Dec 2021
o Assisted in deploying and configuring cloud infrastructure services such as storage systems, virtual machines etc. to meet project requirements.
o Understood business requirements to select cloud services and proposing business solutions that align with best practices to develop and refine cloud architecture designs.
o Participated in testing activities to ensure the functionality, performance, and security of running cloud solutions. o Supported teams in writing comprehensive papers/documentations that included architectural diagrams, installation guides, and procedures to ensure clear pass down and knowledge transfer within stakeholders. o Monitored access controls, performed vulnerability assessments, and supported security audits. o Automated Wafer Incoming Quality Check, Defects Per Million Calculation process using SQL, JMP and Python to save Business Group $.3m in implementation, also to provide fast customer feedback. PPI AND KOG Lagos, Nigeria
Cloud Solutions Architect Aug 2017 – Dec 2019
o Managed login information using AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store and Secret Manager. o Monitored AWS resources and AWS API activities using CloudWatch and CloudTrail. o Performed EBS troubleshooting and Architectural design. o Performed security design using IAM User, Group, Role, and other AWS security tools. o Created Content Delivery application using CloudFront. o Performed several domain registrations with Route53. o Managed and created Microservices application using Elastic Container Services (AWS ECS). o Created and connected a Microsoft Active Directory and workspaces. o Created and connected Amazon FSx Windows file server to on-premises system. o Developed, Implemented and Tested installation and updates of Linux and Windows Application Servers. o Participated in capacity planning for infrastructure to ensure cost management. o Resolved escalated issues and problem with knowledgeable support and quality services. o Effectively communicated to management about changes that impact the security of running applications. o Assessed current environment and made continuous improvements to align with future architectures. TOTAL ENERGIES Rivers, Nigeria
Cloud Engineering Intern Feb 2016 – Aug 2016
o Implemented AWS IAM policies and roles to manage access to AWS resources while ensuring principle of least privilege access. o Assisted in monitoring, maintenance, and troubleshooting of cloud infrastructure and services. o Actively researched new cloud technologies, best practices, and the trends in the industry to ensure the company is updated with the latest cloud advancements.
o Managed Cloud Infrastructure security using IAM roles on AWS, Least Privilege security practices, password policies, groups, individual users, and MFA authentication for users. AWARD
o Florida West Africa Linkage Scholarship Award – University of Florida. o Lagos State Government Excellence Scholarship Award (Issued by the State Governor). o Over 17 awards and Recognitions at Intel Corporation for outstanding performance. o Herbert Wertheim College of Engineering Achievement Award – University of Florida. LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
Intel Internship Virtual Program Jun 2021 – Dec 2021 Lead, Cohort 34
o Organized activities such as games, luncheon to create a more in-person internship experience for over 40 interns across the United States and Canada.
Intel
o Organized and currently leading a team of 5 engineers to write and review technical white papers that leverages on industry standard compliance frameworks to ensure the organization is well positioned for external audits.
Contact this candidate