Derick Ndzi
Devops Engineer
ad1ix3@r.postjobfree.com
240-***-****
Professional Summary

Skilled Cloud Engineer with more than 8 years of hands-on experience in AWS and Azure Platforms.
Flexible with all the cloud AWS services, automating, and optimizing mission critical deployments in AWS, leveraging configuration management, CI/CD, and DevOps processes.
Worked on project with different AWS cloud services like VPC, EC2, Security Groups, IAM, NACL, S3, ECS.
MuleSoft Infrastructure with Anypoint Platform and Mule Runtime.
Planned, designed the entire process of Migration from On Premises VMs to AWS environment using AWS Server Migration Service.
Hands on experience in Infrastructure as a code tools like Terraform and Cloud Formation.
Configuration, Troubleshooting, Security, Backup, Disaster Recovery, Performance Monitoring and Fine-tuning on UNIX (Red Hat Linux) Systems.
Results driven and self-motivated with dynamic communication and interpersonal relation skills with a continual commitment to cultivating strong relations, motivating teams, and aligning all daily operations with long-term company objectives.
Top Secret Clearance

Education

•ICMind Institute of Technology Management and Research, India, 2016
B.S. Computer Applications

Certifications

Member of US Army Reserve Component (USARC) Soldier MOS 36B (Top Secret Clearance)
AWS Certified Solution Architect Associate
CompTIA Security Plus
Red Hat Certified Engineer (RHCE)
Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA)
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Certified Ethical Hacking (CEH)

Technical Skills

Version Control (Git): Gitlab, Bitbucket, CodeCommit, and GitHub.
Continues Integration: Jenkins, Ansible, CodeBuild, CodeDeploy, CodePipeline.
Containerization: Docker, Kubernetes, ECS Fargate, AWS EKS,
Operating Systems: Windows, Ubuntu, Red hat, Centos and Windows Server.
Infrastructure As a Code: Terraform, CloudFormation, and Ansible.
Monitoring and Agile: CloudWatch,
AWS Services: Amazon EC2, VPC, S3, RDS, ELB, EBS, ECS, CloudWatch, and Security Groups.
MuleSoft: Anypoint Platform, Mule Runtime
Languages: Python,
Architecture: Microservices

Professional Experience
DigitalSpec, Arlington VA April 2023 –Present

DevOps/Cloud Engineer
Works on Azure CICD pipeline to create releases, manage releases and create pipeline from scratch
Able to response to tickets and incidents from the clients faster and resolve the issue
Creating Service Connections and Service Principal for different deployment
Creating ARM templates with the various parameters define
Automate the creation of resources on the azure portal
Manage users, group with the appropriate RBC Roled
Manage users on Active Directory Users and Computers
Using key vaults to store and mange secrets ID and credentials within the organization
Tools utilize are Gitlab, PowerShell, Terraform, ansible, pythons and many more

KForce, Arlington VA Sept 2022- Feb 2023

DEV/OPS Engineer

Develops and executes strategies for automating and standardizing solution deployments across client organizations and environments in support of database and application development activities (DevSecOps).
Responsible for defining technical architecture within the context of the client’s broader technology infrastructure.
Establishes the configuration baselines and specifications for automation tools and CICD pipelines.
Designs, installs, upgrades, monitors, fine-tunes, and troubleshoots CICD services.
Supports application development and code migration processes across client infrastructure and environments.
MuleSoft, Testing API with POSTMAN on Anypoint Platform and also Tracking logs or sending logs from mule runtime application to Splunk server for Analysis and visualization

Key skills: GitLab, Jenkins, Sonatype Nexus, ELM, Confluence, Terraform, Ansible,

Programming languages (python)

Inovalon, Inc, Bowie, MD April 2021 – Jun 2022
AWS Cloud Engineer

Built micro service applications running in AWS EKS, Docker and Kubernetes.
Managed Docker orchestration and Docker containerization using Kubernetes
Proficient with container system like Docker and container orchestration like EC2 container service, Kubernetes, worked with Terraform.
Used Kubernetes to orchestrate the deployment, scaling and management of Docker Containers.
Planned, designed the entire process of Migration from On Premises VMs to AWS environment using AWS Server Migration Service.
Built end to end CICD with Jenkins, maven, SonarQube, nexus and tomcat, and Docker integration.
Monitored applications with AWS CloudWatch and CloudTrail
Experience in migrating physical Linux/Windows servers to cloud (AWS).
Experience in implementing and managing DevOps tools such as Git, GitHub, Jenkins, Ansible, Docker, and Kubernetes
Implemented automated local user provisioning instances created in AWS cloud.
Maintained the user accounts (IAM), RDS, Route 53, SES and SNS services in AWS cloud.
Installed RedHat Linux using kickstart and applying security policies for hardening the server based on the company policies.
Experienced in testing the Application using Selenium, performance center, Load runner etc.
Used Puppet to automate Configuration management and to manage Web Applications, Config Files, Data Base, Commands, Users Mount Points and Packages.
Maintained and coordinated environment configuration, controls, code integrity, and code conflict resolution.
Used Puppet for application automatic deployment and provisioning to different environments.
Installing, configuring, and administering Jenkins CI tool on Linux machines. Developed build and deployment processes for Pre-production environments.
Releasing code to testing regions or staging areas according to the schedule published.

JJ Tech Inc, Bowie, MD Jan 2017 – April 2021
AWS Cloud Solution Architect

Automated Linux tasks with the use of Shell scripts to automate day to day activities and tasks.
Automated complex Linux tasks with the use of ansible modules, playbooks, and roles.
Administered Linux servers (Ubuntu, RHEL, and Centos) hosting Middleware applications and container systems.
Set up CICD pipelines on Jenkins Server for spring boot java applications, middleware, and dotnet applications.
Scripted out infrastructure with AWS CloudFormation and quick application recovery in case of a major failure.
Configured application load balancers and network load balancers for micro service applications.
Administered IAM policies, roles, users, and groups with least privilege access for AWS accounts.
Troubleshoot applications with monitoring services such as AWS CloudWatch and Datadog for Application Performance Monitoring.
Administered Linux servers (Centos, RHEL, and Ubuntu) middleware applications, database servers, docker containers servers and Kubernetes servers. Configure access for users and regular system admin tasks.
Ran script in Python using PyCharm and Django to build websites

Dunamis Network Inc., Bamenda, Cameroon Nov 2012 – Jan 2017
Linux Systems Administrator/Network Admin

Installation & Configuration of Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Fedora Linux and CentOS, Maintenance & System Administration.
Configure cisco routers and switches for training purposes together with the installation of Softwares
Setup Trainings for newly onboarded employee and also coordinate the activities.
Build new Virtual machine and physical server IP bonding for load balancing and fail over, firewall, SELINUX Managing the VM Ware.
Monitoring the system performance and doing the kernel tuning to enhance the system performance. Troubleshooting Production Server Problems related to web applications, Send mail, disk space, file system, DNS and network connectivity.
Storage Management, Disk Management, Logical Volume Management (LVM) and logical partitioning.
Troubleshoot network configuration and connectivity issues.
Responsible for assisting and facilitating the full life cycle of implementing new firmware/software applications, including (but not limited to) the testing, documenting and remediation of all relevant data.

References
Marcel Kohbah who work with AWS as a DevOps Engineer
ad1ix3@r.postjobfree.com
240-***-****
Leonel Akoro that works with US Department of Labour as a Cloud Engineer
ad1ix3@r.postjobfree.com
240-***-****
Contact this candidate