SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS:
Over **+ years of professional experience as software professional industry comprising of delivery management, design, development, deployment, and cloud implementation with thorough knowledge in AWS (Amazon Web Services) & GCP.
Working Experience on technical acumen and thought leadership to covering Cloud technologies, including system architecture, infrastructure, security, migration, administration, and automation, DevOps, system integration, and digital services with comprehension of the underlying protocols and standards used in the operation of those technologies.
Expertise in Amazon Cloud Services and its features AWS EC2, VPC, EBS, AMI, snapshots, Auto scaling, Cloud Formation, Lambda, SES, SQS, SNS, RDS, ELB, EBS, Cloud Watch, S3 etc.
Designed the future state architecture of various applications which are being migrated from on premise data center to AWS considering the HA and DR of those applications.
Skilled in setting up and orchestrating Kubernetes Clusters from scratch on VMs and on Managed Services like Amazon EKS, Google GKE. Worked on clusters of size with hundreds of nodes and thousands of pods.
Implemented end to end automation with DevOps and CI/CD environment by setting up various build, infrastructure management and deploy configurations and processes.
Experience in migrating on premise infrastructure to cloud platforms like AWS/GCP/OpenStack and involved in virtualization using (VMware, VMware ESX, Xen) and infrastructure orchestration using containerization technologies like Docker and Kubernetes.
Working experience on Splunk to monitor products. Reviewed and analyzed metrics performances against programs to determine effectiveness.
Responsibilities included designing and developing new back-end services, maintaining and expanding our AWS & Azure infrastructure, and providing mentorship to others on my team.
Work with multiple clients on different projects with unique priorities and implement the architecture and solution that supports the priority and specific industry requirements.
Responsible for automating the CI/CD tasks through Jenkins Tools.
Designed and developed automated deployment and scaling processes based on Git-hubs, and Jenkins across geographically separated hosting zones in AWS.
Responsible for solution architecture of Oracle Middleware migrations to the AWS cloud. The primary Middleware platform migrated was Oracle 11g applications running on Linux. Migrated applications using cloud migration tools and custom scripts.
Designing cloud infrastructure, planning, and testing new solutions, managing physical and cloud infrastructure, efficiency to work under pressure in critical situations and other in the areas of Windows & Linux.
Define guidelines and recommendations based on leading industry practices tailored to the client's needs and infrastructure. Document Cloud architecture, strategy, governance, processes, and business case analyses.
Contribute to an integrated, dynamic Cyber defense and leverage Cybersecurity solutions to deliver Cybersecurity operational services, including intrusion detection and prevention, situational awareness of network intrusions, security events and data spillage, and incident response actions.
Evaluated Docker to provide standardized environments to developers, QA, Staging to dockerized Production aka apps. Deployed and run Platform app on any infrastructure, quickly and reliably using containerization and DockerHub utility.
Design End-to-end SOA implementations, involving business process modeling/re-engineering, application redesign, provide app modernization & cloud-migration services (IaaS/PaaS/SaaS). Guide Infrastructure teams, application development teams to govern / confirm architecture.
Experience with any industry DevOps tools, open source technologies and cloud services starting from Bit Bucket, Art factory, Jenkins, Docker, UCD.
Experience in using build automation tools like MAVEN, ANT for the building of deployable artifacts such as WAR, JAR & EAR from source code.
Maintain working knowledge of competitor products (Openstack, Mesos, Openshift, Docker, Kubernetes).
Experienced with Kubernetes, Docker Swarm, and Azure deployments.
In-depth experience in operations support and meeting the business expectations for projects pertaining to Azure Cloud (PaaS and IaaS) infrastructure.
Experienced in using Tomcat Web Server and JBoss, WebLogic and WebSphere Application Servers for deployment.
Excellent communication skills, good Interpersonal Skills, team-working attitude, takes initiatives and very proactive in solving problems and providing best solutions and has ability to work as a team or individually and ability to learn new technologies quickly.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Amazon Web Services:
EC2, EBS, S3, RDS, VPC, SES, Cloudfront, DynamoDB, Elastic Load Balancer (ELB), Route 53, Cloud Watch, AutoScaling, IAM, Glacier, Cloud Formation, Elastic Bean Stalk
Azure Cloud Platform:
Azure Devops, Azure Resource Manager, ARM Templates, Azure AD, Azure Monitor, Log Analytics.
Google Cloud Platform:
Compute Engine, Cloud Storage, Kubernetes Engine, Cloud IAM, Cloud DNS, VPC, Load Balancing, Persistent Disk, Cloud Deployment Manager.
DevOps Tools:
Jenkins, Chef, LogStash, ANT, Maven, Griddle, SVN, Gitlab, Kubernetes, Ansible, Docker, DNS, Nginx, Splunk, GitHub, Git, Terraform.
Scripting Languages:
Python, Shell, Java, Maven, SOAP, ANT, SQL, Apache
Operating systems:
RHEL 7/6, CENTOS 7, Solaris 9/8, HP-UX 11.x/10.x, Unix, Windows NT/XP
Web Application Server:
Apache, Tomcat, Web Logic Server, JBOSS, Tomcat Server, IBM WebSphere, Jrun, Apache web server, Apache Axis

TECHNICAL CERTIFICATIONS:
Amazon Web Services Certified Developer – Associate
Amazon Devops Engineer - Professional
Google Cloud Architect - Professional

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

USS Pittsburgh, PA
Jul 2015 – current
Cloud DevSecOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Implemented and managed DevOps operations (Configuration Management, Build, Deploy and Continuous integration) over cloud and on-premises utilizing JIRA, Ansible, Docker).
Provide highly durable and available data by using Cloud Storage, versioning, lifecycle policies, and create AWS EC2 Images for mission critical production servers for backup.
Responsible for Splunk agent installation to 50+ on premise servers and AWS and Azure on-boarded complete visibility of logs, error, exceptions, and act based on priority, setup central log repository in S3 for application logs, ELB, VPC flow logs, CloudTrail logs etc. that can be monitored by Management and IPO for assessing any threats. Cloudwatch, SNS used frequently for alerting app teams as well.
Configure, maintain, and develop procedures to automate various systems and tasks (e.g., automating code builds and deployments) using Jenkins, GIT, Docker, Terraform, Chef or Ansible.
Worked with Terraform key features such as Infrastructure as code, Execution plans, Resource Graphs, Change Automation and extensively used Auto scaling for launching Cloud instances while deploying microservices.
Worked with Docker and Kubernetes on multiple cloud providers, from helping developers build and containerize their application (CI/CD) to deploying either on public or private cloud.
Managed multiple Kubernetes clusters across multiple Google projects using Google Kubernetes Engine and Helm.
Deployment to AWS with Chef, Ansible and Terraform towards AWS, and using Terraform for building, updating, and versioning infrastructure safely and efficiently, as well as creating custom in-house solutions with Ansible configurations.
Set up build pipelines in Jenkins by using various plug-ins like Maven plug-in, EC2 plug-in, Docker, Terraform and JDK.
Automated CI/CD process using Jenkins, build-pipeline-plug-in, Maven, GIT and involved in Software Configuration Management (SCM) Build and Deployment Management.
Configured Jenkins jobs with the Maven scripts for various deployments of JAVA/J2EE enterprise applications.
Implemented continuous deployment system with Jenkins, AWS Code Deploy plugin to deploy and Ops Works, and Packer for deployment of Java Applications
Developed Bash, Java, Python scripts using Lambda functions for automation of the build and release process, developed custom scripts to monitor repositories, server storage.
Experienced with Linux systems, virtualization in a large-scale environment, experience with Linux Containers (LXC) and Docker.
Coordinate/assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labelling/naming conventions Using GIT and Subversion (SVN) source control.
Administered Linux servers for several functions including managing WebSphere, Apace/Tomcat server, Mail server, Weblogic, SVN, build and firewalls in both development and production.
Creation of SSL and Digital Certificates for requesting, generating and implementation for the communication between clients and web servers.
Experience in deploy applications by using WebSphere, WebLogic, Apache Tomcat Application Server.
Set up build environment within ClearCase and ClearQuest for multiple products and platforms and Integrated ClearCase for automating builds with Jenkins.
Designing security architecture frameworks for strategic organization-wide execution based on National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST).
Created monitoring procedures used by process owners for continuous self-assessment of controls in the Organization, towards Service Organization Controls (SOC) re-certification.
Worked with ELK (Elastic Search, Log stash and Kibana) stack to develop an end-to-end transaction processing system.
Monitored CPU, memory, physical disk, Hardware, and Software RAID, multipath, file systems, network using the tools NAGIOS monitoring.
Used Python, Terraform, Django, AngularJS, Jenkins for creating workflows to auto provision / de-provision of instances, volume management, LDAP management, security, vault credentials management.

Environment: AWS EC2, S3, RDS, VPC, Elastic Load Balancer (ELB), Route53, CloudWatch, IAM, Cloud Storage, Cloud IAM, Cloud DNS, Cloud Deployment Manager, Azure Resource Manager, Log Analytics, Azure Devops, Docker, Kubernetes, Chef, Jenkins, Terraform, Python, GIT, Red Hat LINUX, Windows 2016, F5 Load balancer, JMX, Oracle 12c, JDBC, LDAP, subversion, EJB, JSP, Servlets, XML, MS Office, OpenSSL, Secure SSH

First Niagara Bank, NY
May 2013 – Jun 2015
Middleware Devops Engineer

Responsibilities:
Implemented automated build and deployment process for applications and re-engineering set up for better user experience and leading up to building a continuous integration system.
Responsible for Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) process implementation using Jenkins along with Shell scripts to automate routine jobs.
Used Python Scripting in DevOps users to model and manage the entire application from load balancers to database.
Worked on Batch-Scripting for automating and reducing the time taken for daily tasks.
Developed processes, tools, automation for Jenkins and DevOps based software for build system and delivering SW Builds and deployed scripts using ANT and MAVEN as build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to other environments.
Deployed various J2EE and enterprise applications (WAR, JAR, RAR, EAR) on managed servers and cluster environment, maintained Load Balancing, High Availability and Failover.
Configured JNDI as repository for EJB Home stubs, JDBC data source, JMS connection factories, queues and topics and configured and administered JDBC Connection pools/multi pools/ data sources on WebLogic server.
Automated the Build Process using Jenkins and created bash and shell scripts to monitor domains, recycle clusters, monitor disk space, and ran them as cronjobs for timely running programs.
Worked with Atlassian tools like Bamboo & Jira. Used ANT, Puppet/ Chef Scripts with Ivy to build the application and deploy.
Implemented security by configuring Secured Socket Layer (SSL) for client authentication and data encryption and configured LDAP server for user authentication
Performed migration and upgraded WebLogic server WebLogic 10.x/11x to the recent version12c.
Configure F5load balancer with Web servers. Used F5 to capacity, performance, and reliability of the applications
Performed tasks related to Red hat system administration DNS, DHCP, NFS, NIS, LDAP, user account maintenance, backup & recovery, Auto-mounting, License Management.
Develop and run UNIX shell scripts and implemented auto deployment process.
Solved server hang issues such as Deadlock, Application and Database level lock by taking thread dump and analyzed to get the root cause of the hang
Installed and configured WebLogic Application server 11x/12c using graphic and silent mode and configured WebLogic domain
Installed and configured plug-ins for Apache HTTP server and Sun One Web server to proxy the request for WebLogic server.
Performance monitoring and JVM Heap size and EJB monitoring using Wily Introscope and Load testing using Mercury Load Runner and JMeter with Thread and Heap analysis.
Used Subversion (SVN) to maintain present and historical source code versions and documentation.
Implemented standard backup procedures for both application and WebLogic server.

Environment: AWS EC2, S3, RDS, VPC, Elastic Load Balancer (ELB), Route53, CloudWatch, IAM, Cloud Storage, Kubernetes Engine, Cloud IAM, Cloud DNS, Cloud Deployment Manager, Azure Devops, Docker, Kubernetes, Chef, Puppet, Jenkins, Terraform, Python, GIT, Red Hat LINUX, Windows 2003, F5 Load balancer, JMX, Oracle 12c, JDBC, LDAP, subversion, EJB, JSP, Servlets, XML, MS Office, OpenSSL, Secure SSH.

EDUCATION:
Bachelor’s in Computer Science Engineering, ANU India
Master’s in Computer Science, FIT, Florida USA

SAI SANDEEP D
Cloud DevSecOps Engineer
Email: ad1lh2@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate