JOHNBOSCO SILA
(Network and Cloud Engineer)

E : ad1osa@r.postjobfree.com
P : +1-813-****-***
A : Tampa, FL 33578

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Detail-oriented Network Engineer committed to improving system design and operations for reliable workflow management.
Researches and implements budget-conscious security and encryption solutions to protect user privacy and increase overall network health.
Creates easy-to-follow guidelines and troubleshooting documentation for non-technical staff.
Experienced Network Engineer with over 12 years of experience in Telecommunications Industry.
Excellent reputation for resolving problems and improving customer satisfaction.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, BSc: Physics and Mathematics
Grade: First Class Honors

SKILLS
Cloud Computing-Iaas, SaaS, BaaS
User Acceptance Tests on new systems
IPv4 and IPv6 configurations
Routing and Switching
Fiber Optics
MPLS, L2VPN, L3VPN
Transmission and IPRAN
Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
SDWAN and MPLSoLTE setup
Python and Java Essentials
GPON for FTTx connections
Firewall Configurations-FortiGate, ASA, Microtik

CERTIFICATIONS
CISCO CCNA(R&S), CCNP(R&S), CCIE(R&S)-Written-CSCO12081308
FORTINET NSE1 and 2
CCNA-Security- CSCO12081308
Asigra Certified Cloud Associate
Amazon Cloud Practitioner-AWS01167480
Red Hat Certified System Administrator I&II (RHCSA)
ITILv3
Anti-Money Laundering Certifications
Certified Fiber Optic Specialist/Testing (CFOS/T)

WORK HISTORY
Safaricom Limited - Service Deployment and Integration Engineer
07/2019 - Current
IOT Deployments and service solutions: Telematics fleet tracking with fuel management, Smart water, smart meter, smart KEG, Smart Building, Cold-chain coolers etc.
Cloud solutions services Safaricom Cloud IAAS, Cloud Back-Up, Collocation services, AWS, AZURE, Huawei, Open-stack, VMWare
Setup of Managed WIFI with analytics, Controller to Access points enterprise integrations.
SDWAN Deployments
Integrations of Voice Services, SIP, Unified Communication
Managed VAS Services Collocation, B2C, C2B, APN Integrations, M-PESA API/Broker
Customer deployments via wireless technologies such as PTP and PTMP on Microwave on different vendors Ceragon, Radwin, WiMAX, LTE
Interpret complex Enterprise customer solution designs (MPLS, SDWAN, Cloud Solutions) and implement them in the core network.
Technically assist enterprise customers migrate to Google and Microsoft Productivity Tools (Google Workspace & M365)
Enterprise Service Provisioning – Activate, integrate and troubleshoot Fixed Data Internet, GPON, MPLSL3VPNs, P2PL2VPN, APNs, SDWAN
Review and Improve documentation for ICT and IOT Solution products, processes and work procedures.
Work with OEMs such as VMware, AWS, Microsoft, Google, etc. in service deployment reviews.
Ensured effectiveness of ICT and IOT solution deployment and demonstrated value in continual optimization.
Actively involved in Enterprise products Engagements, product deep dives and design alignments
Safaricom Limited -Digital Network Operations Center Engineer
06/2017 - 06/2019

Availability KPI reporting/monitoring for instance guaranteeing at least 99.9% availability for FTTH Data services
First level troubleshooting and Fault management with resolution on network failures within Safaricom FTTH, Core, Enterprise and Transport networks
Escalation to relevant section failures that need further checks for example degradation in global data volumes, major nodes in network going down, repeat escalations from a vendor/customer.
Change implementation tracking, access control, and major/critical incident management.
Performance monitoring and health checks including traffic, capacity and network performance monitoring.
Detection of network performance degradations, root cause and event correlation analysis.
Notification and tracking of network performance degradation information (e.g., root cause, corrective actions, etc.) in a remedy trouble ticket.
Production of scheduled and on demand reports for traffic and network performance.
Monitoring network capacity and utilization.
Performing proactive and scheduled health checks in terms of analyzing logs, reviewing incidents and performing tests.
Investigating and resolving customer data escalations.
Incident and Event ticket management.
SLA management between the Safaricom FTTH team and Suppliers (vendors, contractors, MSPs)
OLA management between the Safaricom FTTH and other sections within the Safaricom Technology division and other business units within Safaricom.

Safaricom Limited - Enterprise Customer Support Engineer
01/2014 - 05/2017
Provided 2nd level support operations for Enterprise customers and resolution of
Enterprise Service desk Technician escalations within SLA.
Faulted and resolved advanced Layer 3 IP based solutions that use Routing Protocols, Features and services such as: MPLS, BGP, EIGRP, OSPF, DNS, DHCP, and IPv6.
Provided system level troubleshooting and was 24x7 on call for any major incident>
implement best practices in support areas as per ITIL.
Analyzed incident trends and identified recurrent incidents and problems and managed to implement proper solutions.
Maximized network performance by monitoring performance, troubleshooting network problems and outages, scheduling upgrades and collaborating with network architects on network optimization
Reporting network operational status by gathering, prioritizing information and managing projects,
Provided customers with an accurate and thorough diagnosis of their problem, with a
focus on First Call Resolution and a follow up Incident Report for fault analysis
Coordinated connectivity between the transmission layer, cloud etc. and external players outside the region for example wholesale carriers

Safaricom Limited - Enterprise Service Desk Technician
01/2009 - 12/2013

Assisted employees of clients in solving problems, answering questions, site navigation and gathering data related to these activities via the telephone and email.
Diagnosed and troubleshot hardware, software and network issues.
Researched and identified solutions to technical problems.
Configured hardware, devices, and software to set up work stations for employees.
Monitored system performance to identify potential issues.
Configured and tested new software and hardware.
Generated reports to track performance and analyze trends.
Offered assistance in implementing and developing training programs.
Collaborated with vendors to locate replacement components and resolve advanced problems.
Educated clients on account services and resolved client inquiries regarding statement information and account balances.
Created customer profiles by answering questions and providing tailored experiences based on interests and agendas.
Achieved long-term business objectives by analyzing customer feedback for process improvements.
Undertaking data network fault investigations in local and wide area environments, using information from multiple sources
Secured network system by establishing and enforcing policies, and defining and monitoring access
Supported and administered firewall environments in line with IT security policy
Upgraded data network equipment to latest stable firmware releases
Configuration of routing and switching equipment
Configuration of hosted IP voice services
Basic configuration of firewalls
Remote support of onsite engineers and end users/customers during preventive maintenance
Contact this candidate