ALEX ADETOYE
Email:ad1qqy@r.postjobfree.com
Phone Number: +1-240-***-****
AWS Cloud Engineer/DevOps with years of combined experience in Cloud Infrastructure deployment, automation and managing highly available, scalable and fault tolerant systems using Amazon Web Services (AWS)Highly skilled in Linux and Windows operating systems administration and deployment, data security and troubleshooting of the applications and experience analyzing data, to deliver insights and implement solutions to complex data and systems problems.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
COTH Technologies Inc. Frederick, MD
AWS Cloud engineer January 2022 -present

Provide hands-on cloud and infrastructure system administration & troubleshooting expertise
Proven ability to manage database infrastructure in AWS (RDS and EC2) and LAMP servers.
Automated images, systems/network configuration and orchestration using tools such as Cloud Formation, Terraform, Ansible, etc.
Experience migrating and/or deploying applications to AWS
Build and maintain highly available production systems.
Maintained and patched Infrastructure applications and deployment
Work as part of a team, designing and developing cloud data solutions.
Responsible for providing technically sound solutions for the ingestion, storage and presentation of enterprise data including ETL design, data storage strategies, data access and security.
Managed AWS CloudWatch to monitor logs, events, and metrics
Performs the design and implementation of data models to support analytics and reporting initiatives
Used IAM for creating roles, users, groups and implemented MFA to provide additional security to AWS account and its resources.
Used security groups, network ACL’s, internet gateways and route tables to ensure a secure zone for organization in AWS public cloud.
Developed Cloud Formation scripts to build on demand EC2 instance
Deployed builds to production and work with the teams to identify and troubleshoot any issues.
Maintained the monitoring and alerting of production and corporate servers using Cloud Watch service
Managed automated backups and created own backup snapshots when needed.
Created S3 buckets in the AWS environment to store files, sometimes which are required to serve static content for a web application.
Configured AWS CLI and performed necessary actions on the AWS services using shell scripting.
Experienced in creating RDS instances to serve data through servers for responding to requests.
Designed, implemented, and tested disaster recovery and business continuity architectures.

Mek Medical Diagnostic Abuja Nigeria
Cloud Operations Support Engineer 2015 – 2019
Worked as part of infrastructure team to ensure deployment and integration tasks are completed successfully.
Responsible for running cloud platforms that support mission critical applications for large enterprise clients.
Worked as part of a larger support team to triage and remediate public cloud infrastructure issues and assisted with application support engagements as needed
Assisted other engineering and development teams to resolve application to platform integration issues for both IaaS, PaaS and SaaS services
Managed infrastructure services in a production environment to ensure high availability and reliability
Strong AWS experience in EC2, S3, RDS, EBS Volumes, ELB, and Security Groups

SKILLS
years of public cloud automation tooling and scripting experience using CloudFormation, Terraform, Ansible, Jenkins, etc.
Very solid, hands-on experience with AWS services (VPC, S3, EC2, ELB, Subnet/AZ, IAM, KMS, CloudWatch, Lambda, ECS, RDS, Systems Manager, SNS, CloudTrail, ELB, ALB, NLB, SFTP, AWS Comprehend, and so on)
Experience with Linux system administration - RHEL7.x/6.x, Centos, Ubuntu, Amazon Linux
Demonstrated experience designing and deploying multi-tier applications on AWS or comparable cloud platforms using Infrastructure-as-code techniques, such as CloudFormation and/or Terraform
Containerization experience with Docker, AWS ECR, ECS, Fargate
Experience in cloud data warehousing like RedShift, in search and caching services with Elasticsearch and in data streaming technologies like Kinesis
Knowledge of SQL databases such as MySQL and NoSQL databases such as DynamoDB
Experience with continuous development, Integration, and deployment (CI/CD) pipeline using GIT (GitHub, GitLab), Jenkins, Docker, Ansible, CloudFormation, Terraform,
Working knowledge of Python in writing scripts.
Experience in designing dynamically scalable, highly available, fault-tolerant, and reliable applications on AWS using Load-balancers (AL/ELB), Auto-scaling, VPC, Public/Private subnets, Availability zones, EC2, RDS, NAT, IGW, Elastic IP etc.
Experience with Agile methodologies, CICD process and Software development life cycle (SDLC)
Strong organizational and interpersonal skills, with good knowledge of giving data presentations
Experience with Relational Database design such as SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL.
Self-motivated fast learner and excellent team player.
Deep understanding of data warehousing and data lake concepts, with experience in data modeling, large-scale batch, and real-time data processing, ETL design, implementation.
Excellent verbal and communication skills to work with business owners to develop and define key business uses and to build data sets that address them.
Excellent knowledge of Microsoft office Tools: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Power Point, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Access.
Demonstrated leadership abilities

Tools/Technologies:
● Public/Private Cloud: AWS, VMWare, IAAS, SAAS, PAAS
● Operating System: RHEL (7.x/6.x), Windows (Server 2016, 2012), Centos, Ubuntu, Amazon Linux
● Containers/Managed Services: Docker, ECS, Lambda, RDS
● Networking/Security: TCP/IP, UDP, SSH, RDP, DNS, DHCP, SSL/TLS, SMTP, LDAP,
API Gateway, IAM, KMS.

CERTIFICATIONS
AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate
AWS Certified Developer Associate
HashiCorp Certified: Terraform Associate

EDUCATION
Master of Science, information Technology
September 2022
Hood College, Frederick, MD
Postgraduate Diploma in Public Administration
March 2014
University of Abuja
Bachelor of Science BSc in Biology
January 2008
University of Abuja, Nigeria.
Contact this candidate