RODRIGUE MARIE STEPHANE DABRE
Houston, TX ***** 646-***-**** ad1rbj@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
I am a positive and enthusiastic professional with 6 years as a DevOps Engineer with experience as System Administration and Cloud Environments such as AWS. Extensive and growing knowledge with various tools that better automate such as Terraform, Kubernetes, Ansible, etc. Hands-on experience dealing with end-to-end pipelines that deployed and managed various applications. My drive and passion in this field and the continuous and unlimited growth it holds, allows me to learn something every day and be a great addition to any team!
Skills
Platform : Linux.
Cloud : AWS.
Linux Flavors : Ubuntu, CentOS,
Alpine, Debian.
Container Orchestrations :
Kubernetes, Kubernetes Lens.
Container software : Docker.
Scripting : Shell Script.
AWS services : EC2, S3, RDS, Route53,
ALB, ASG, VPC, EKS, ECS, ECR, ELB,
CloudFormation, SNS, Cloudwatch,
EBS, Amazon EFS, IAM, IAM MFA, AMI,
ENI (Elastic Network Interface) and
more.
Version control : Github.
Continuous Integration tool : Jenkins.
Build tool : Maven
Configuration Automation : Ansible.
User story : JIRA
Infrastructure As A Code ( IAAC) :
Terraform
Package management : Nexus
Code quality and code security :
SonarQube
Monitoring tools : Prometheus and
Grafana, Splunk.
Passion for learning, effective
communicator, self-starter, ability and
flexibility to adapt to any tool.
Experience
DevOps AWS Cloud Engineer Aug 2019 to Current
Cisco Systems, Inc.
Constructed complete, frequent, and quality end-to-end pipelines by using a reliable planning process that included the monitoring of KPI metrics, QA/performance testing, and post-production validation using tools such as Github, Jenkins, Maven, Sonarqube, CodePipeline, etc.
Hands on experience with Configuration Management automation tool Ansible and have worked on integrating Ansible YAML Scripts.
Experience using Terraform to create a Highly available, scalable deployment of a Web application for POC in the Dev environnement, using several AWS services like AWS VPC, Aurora/MySQL, Amazon ElastiCache (Memcached), Elastic Filesystem
(EFS) etc.
Experience working with multiple teams, from platform teams helping deliver scalability solutions, to dedicated support teams assisting with production ticketing. Familiar in the use of Kubernetes to deploy scale, load balance,Scale and manage docker containers with multiple namespaces version. Hands on experience in creating VPC using public, private subnets, security groups, route tables, NGW, IGW as per requirement and distributed them as groups into various availability zones of VPC.
Hand on experience using Terraform to create Kubernetes clusters for Dev and testing environment teams like QA, UAT etc
Knowledge in automating deployments, scaling, and operations of application containers across clusters of hosts, provided container - centric infrastructure by kubernetes and to manage the containerized applications, creating deployments, secrets, services and deploying application containers as pods. Experience using Kubernetes (EKS)/Docker with applications for client based in Europe.
Terraform scripting to create a provisioned 3-tier applications through AWS while focusing on security of state files.
Hosted static applications through AWS Monitoring Services (S3 Bucket, IAM, CloudFront, etc.) providing the client's needs of security & cost efficiency. Orchestrated with a data analytic teams to migrate RDS ( PostgreSQL) instances providing a client with higher performance and more cost-efficient way of operating. Linux System Administrator Aug 2017 to Jul 2019
Cisco Systems, Inc.
Configured, hardened, and patched servers while growing a strong foundation in Linux.
Managed group policies/User Account Management, and ticketing systems. Performed installation, configuration, and troubleshooting of the LAMP stack. Supported administrative tasks by creating and maintaining users account and solving any problem related with the Linux servers.
Education and Training
Information Technology Dec 2016
ASA College Manhattan, NY
Bachelor of Science, Computer Networking And Telecommunications Sep 2014 Institut Superieur Du Genie Applique (IGA) Marrakech, Morocco Languages
English:
Full Professional
French:
Native/ Bilingual
Contact this candidate