References available upon request
Promise Enwe AWS and GCP Certified
Houston, TX 77441
Mobile: 706-***-****
Email: ad1sqa@r.postjobfree.com
ABOUT ME
Results-driven and AWS/GCP Certified Cloud professional with a passion for leveraging innovative technologies to design and implement scalable cloud solutions. Adept at leading diverse teams, collaborating with stakeholders, and driving successful cloud adoption. Skilled in utilizing a wide range of AWS and GCP services, combined with expertise in tools such as Terraform, Git, Docker, and Jenkins, among others. Committed to delivering high- performance, secure, and cost-effective cloud architectures to optimize business operations. Proficiencies include but not limited to:
§ Experience in software development projects from developer code check-in to deployment to production environment, through CI/CD pipeline and utilizing DevOps tools like Code Build, Cloud Build, Cloud functions, Git, GitHub, ADO, Jenkins, Maven, SonarQube, Ansible, Docker containers.
§ Expertise in AWS and GCP Cloud Migration projects, from assessment to post-migration and modernization stages.
§ Utilization of billing and costing services for cost optimization, accounts management, and compliance.
§ Development of infrastructure hardening and secure application delivery pipelines using established security best practices and scan tools such as Black Duck, Checkmarx, and pre-commit hooks.
§ Automation and configuration management using AWS Lambda, GCP Cloud Functions, AWS Systems Manager, Bash scripting and Python to manage and automate processes at scale.
§ Configuration of network resources (VPC, Subnets, NAT, Transit Gateway, Route tables, and Routes), including FortiGate.
§ Leveraging infrastructure provisioning and deployment through automation and IaC tools like Terraform and CloudFormation.
§ Experience using SDK tools like Cloud Shell and CLI for resource configuration and management. EDUCATION / CERTIFICATIONS
BSc. - Mathematics / Statistics
AWS - Solutions Architect (Associate)
GCP - Associate Cloud Engineer (ACE)
TECHNICAL SKILLS
§ Compute: Virtual machine provisioning and management, Compute Disk backup and restore, Lambda functions, step functions, Cloud Functions, Autoscaling, Autoscaler, EBS, Persistent Disk, Elastic Beanstalk, App Engine, Fargate, Cloud Run.
§ IAM: Secure User access provisioning and management through Microsoft Active Directory, Google Admin Console, Okta, OAuth, Single Sign-On.
§ Storage: S3, Glacier, Cloud Storage, Persistent Disk, EBS, Filestore, FX Luster.
§ Database: RDS, Aurora serverless, DynamoDB, Cloud SQL.
§ Data Warehouse: BigQuery.
§ Networks: Subnet, NAT and Transit Gateways, VPC Peering, Direct Connect, VPN connection, FortiGate, Route table.
§ Scripting: Shell scripting and Python.
§ Operating system: Linux, Windows.
§ Migration: CloudEndure, AWS Migration Service, Database Migration Service, CART, MRA, App Discovery service.
§ DevOps: CI/CD Pipeline (Jenkins, CodeDeploy, CodeCommit, ADO, GitHub, GitHub Actions), Containerization
(Docker, ECS), Testing and Compliance (Checkmarx, Black Duck).
§ HA and DR: Load Balancers, Route 53, Cloud DNS, S3, CloudEndure migration, Terraform.
§ Monitoring, logging, and dynamic response: CloudWatch Dashboards, Splunk, Elasticsearch, Logging and log sinks, CloudTrail, VPC Flow logs.
§ Methodologies: DevOps, Agile.
§ Other: Excel, PowerPoint, Word, SharePoint, Teams, Confluence, Jira. References available upon request
SOFT SKILLS
§ Outstanding communication and structured writing skills.
§ Client facing exposure.
§ Experience working in various team sizes and time zones.
§ Actively participating in community endeavors and technology education projects. PROFESSIONAL/PROJECT EXPERIENCES
Technology Lead (Infosys)
Nov 2022 - Current
Environment: Multi-Cloud
Reviewed the health and performance of cloud resources using tools like AWS CloudWatch to identify any anomalies or performance issues.
Address any incidents or alerts that have arisen overnight or during the morning. Troubleshoot issues and take necessary actions to restore services to optimal conditions.
Collaborated with the development team to review Infrastructure as Code (IaC) scripts, ensuring best practices and documentation adherence.
Conducted security scans using tools like Nessus or Qualys to identify vulnerabilities in cloud resources and address and remediate any security issues following the organization's security policies.
Developed and maintained automation scripts (Python, Bash) to streamline deployment and scaling processes.
Deployed new application releases and scale resources based on performance metrics and demand. Use tools like Terraform and AWS CloudFormation templates.
Updated project documentation, including architecture diagrams, infrastructure changes, and incident reports, ensuring that all changes are well-documented for knowledge sharing.
Conducted project review meetings to discuss progress, challenges, and set goals for the next sprint or phase. Architect (Credera)
Feb 2022 - Nov 2022
Environment: GCP Cloud
Led infrastructure assessment and client consultation in the evaluation of a client's Google Cloud Platform
(GCP) environment, developing and successfully implementing a comprehensive plan for infrastructure provisioning and management across six GCP projects using Terraform. Resulting in optimized resource utilization and enhanced scalability.
Championed infrastructure provisioning and deployment automation using Terraform and GitHub Actions, establishing a robust CI/CD pipeline. This automation drastically reduced the time from code commit to deployment across six GCP projects, promoting agility and code quality.
Implemented dynamic incident monitoring and logging systems using Logging and Monitoring tools. Employed advanced security analysis techniques to ensure optimal system performance and enable proactive incident response.
Ensured adherence to Agile methodologies and industry best practices, fostering a culture of continuous improvement and efficient software development.
Delivered regular, data-driven progress reports to key stakeholders, enhancing transparency and alignment between technical and non-technical teams.
Proactively identified and mitigated impediments affecting team performance, thereby optimizing project execution and team productivity.
Facilitated cross-functional team meetings, promoting collaboration, knowledge sharing, and issue resolution to drive project success.
References available upon request
Architect (Frontier)
Jan 2018 - Feb 2022
Environment: AWS Cloud
Led stakeholder consultations to evaluate and define standards to guide new architectural designs for the migration of Client’s python-based applications from their legacy accounts into new Control tower environments in AWS Cloud.
Provisioned servers in AWS Cloud from requirements transmitted through Migration discovery documents and architectural diagrams.
Designed and configured Serverless architectures using Lambda integrated with SNS, CloudTrail, CloudWatch and other AWS monitoring tools.
Designed the AWS network architecture including VPN connectivity between regions and subnets.
Engaged in CICD development projects for automated deployment of Lambda, Glue, and Airflow (DAGs) to enable Clients DevOps teams manage their Data pipeline.
Created, modified and deleted user accounts and permissions on Linux VMs.
Monitored system resources (CPU, Memory, Disks, Networks) using tools like top, htop, sar and vmstat.
Diagnosed, identify and resolve system issues, errors, crashes, hangs and application failures by analyzing log files (/var/log). Apply security updates and patches on Client servers to keep systems secure.
Troubleshoot network connectivity and firewall using tools like ping and traceroute. Architect (TEAM Intl.)
Aug 2015 - Jan 2018
Environment: AWS Cloud
Experienced working with Agile teams in various stages of software development and deployment from requirements analysis, design, development, testing to implementation and deployment.
Communicated effectively with both technical and non-technical audiences through utilization of strong written, graphical, and oral communication skills.
Developed High and Low-level design documents in various migration projects for various application scenarios including in selection of Network sizes, Instance types, database types, etc.
Undertook cloud infrastructure design and developed detailed architecture models for testing, development, and production environments.
Developed and documented technical designs for integration and implementation of new cloud applications and systems.
Optimized cloud solutions by identifying waste and automating cost management.
Developed and leveraged custom guardrails policies for Policy enforcement.
Leveraged AWS VPC to control inbound and outbound access to my resources within the VPC and externally to a data center.
Created, deployed, and managed resources using IaC tool - CloudFormation
Contact this candidate