Architect/ Senior Engineer Eastbound Tech ****-***3
●Architect and Senior Engineer for clients, managing all IT Operations, Systems, Network, Cloud, Security and Compliance needs.
●Designed, implemented and maintained multiple GCP, AWS and Azure environments, including DR between clouds.
●Migrated on-prem servers to AWS and GCP, and between AWS and GCP. VPN and BGP connectivity to AWS and GCP.
●Multiple coordinated DR failovers from on-prem/cloud to cloud for testing as well as hurricane preparedness.
●Containerized multiple Ruby on Rails applications and deployed to GKE with CI/CD using Github and CloudBuild.
●Cut build time by 45% on CI/CD pipeline.
●Built CI/CD for legacy .NET application using Github, Google Cloud Storage and Chef, with NGINX for LB and MFA.
●Implemented and managed Chef Automate for config management and workstation/server deployment and configuration. Trained helpdesk on how to manage and deploy.
●SIEM with Splunk, ELK, and Stackdriver/BigQuery/DataStudio.
●NESSUS/OpenVAS for vulnerability scanning and pentesting.
●Led effort to achieve compliance with CMMC/DFARS/ITAR/NIST standards. Identified which controls were applicable, assessed compliance, planned and executed remediation, generated policies and procedures, generated ongoing reports for proof of compliance for yearly audits.
●Managed multiple AWS VPC’s between commercial and GovCloud.
●Responsible for disaster recovery/business continuity for multiple organizations with 75+ locations, including corporate offices, self-hosted data centers, private clouds at local data centers and public clouds.
●Implemented and managed always on SQL between multiple databases and multiple SQL servers, on-prem and public cloud.
●SQL DB admin for MSSQL and MYSQL. Deep performance tuning on MSSQL. Designed and managed all maintenance jobs for MSSQL.
●Vetted and managed vendors and software for business needs, compliance, budget and support.
●Implemented OKTA as IDP and employee access provisioning.
●Implemented MFA(DUO) for Microsoft(on-prem, 365, Azure, 3rd party apps)
●Wrote and trained users on IT policies and procedures and created IT handbook to train IT department.
●Converted multiple ESXi servers into a cluster and implemented VSAN and HA.
●Endpoint encryption via Bitdefender.
●Replaced Trend and Symantec with SentinelOne Complete.
●Implemented hybrid setup with on-prem AD and Azure, implemented full Azure AD. Managed multi-site on-prem AD. Implemented, managed, and decommissioned AD trusts. Migrated on-prem Exchange to 365. Implemented and managed 365 GCC High.
●Implemented and managed DFS for high change file share.
●Implemented and managed Storagecraft, Veeam, AWS and GCP Snapshots for backups and DR.
●Complete network hardware replacement. Implemented, Nexus for servers, Meraki for firewalls, switches and AP’s, Unifi for AP’s and switches, Edgerouters for BGP, Cisco Switches, ASA, and ISR. Competent Cisco CLI.
●Designed wifi coverage for high-density venues, as well as large, medium-density venues.
●Migrate from Cisco VOIP to 3CX. Implemented and maintained multiple 3CX instances.
●Managed multi-million dollar budgets for IT departments.
●Because SME for client ERP and LOB applications.
●Designed and implemented HA setup for IIS/.Net applications via NGINX.
●Evaluated and replaced ISP contracts for client resulting in 30% yearly savings and double network capacity and added redundancy.
●Designed, built and managed ITIL based ticketing system.

Manager/Senior Engineer Integrity Consulting 2008-2015
●vCIO and Senior Engineer for clients, managing all IT Operations, Systems, Network, Cloud, Security and Compliance needs.
●Started as first helpdesk employee and ended managing 20 staff between helpdesk, sales and accounting.
●Managed dozens of clients IT budgets.
●Managed hundreds of projects, acting as senior engineer and also project manager.
●Became SME in client LOB applications.
●Built 40+ domains. Overhauled 40-50 more.
●Migrated email to Exchange and later on 365 from every possible source.
●Managed hiring and training of IT staff.
●Built Knowledge Base for IT staff.
●Migrated 10-12 onsite server environments to my companies private cloud at local datacenter.
●Implemented and managed Connectwise, Autotask and N-Able.
●Managed 3500 workstations across all clients.
●Managed all client VMWare environments(50+).
●P2V conversion for hundreds of servers.
●Lead sales engineer.
●Network design for company that enabled them to scale to 3000 different sites, along with documentation and logic for assigning addresses to sites via region.
●Managed ISP contracts, phone vendors, DR sites for clients.
●Managed workstation imaging software for 4 large clients.
●Designed and implemented dozens of vlan’d networks using Cisco switches and ASA’s. Comfortable with Sonicwall.
Contact this candidate