ERXHAN KAMBERI
Hyannis, MA ***** 774-***-**** ad1y3e@r.postjobfree.com
Highly skilled Cloud Computing Engineer that has exceptional secure, highly available, fault-tolerant, cost efficient architecture provisioning ability. Extensive knowledge of Infrastructure as Code tools such as Terraform and CloudFormation. Has excellent analytical, problem-solving skills and a strong ability to work with minimal supervision. Strong team player and detail oriented. EC2, ECS, ELB, EBS, SQS, Lambda, Cloud
Watch, Storage Gateway, Autoscaling
Storage and database : S3, S3 Glacier, EFS, RDS,
DynamoDB, ElastiCache
Network : VPC, VPC Peering, VPN, Route53,
CloudFront, API Gateway, NACL, ELB
DevOps tools : Terraform, JSON, YAML, GIT,
CodePipeline, Cloudformation, PowerShell,
Bash, Docker, Jenkins, Kubernetes, VS code
Security : IAM, MFA, CloudTrail, AWS Key
Management Services, Config hand on
experience developing AWS cloud services and
applications
C# / C++, JAVASCRIPT, HTML, SQL
Linux, Windows, iOS
Cloud Engineer, 02/2019 - 10/2022
Sky Methods – MA
Automate system build outs and the application deployment process using Terraform and CloudFormation.
Resolve a performance issue of one large Terraform configuration file by rewriting it in modules. Modules help prevent the configuration files from breaking also allows a clean, easily readable code programming.
Managed 8 AWS accounts, including the setup and the configuration of EC2 instances, RDS databases, VPCs, Elastic load Balancers(ELBs), Route53 hosted zones & health checks. Perform user, group, and application access and permissions in AWS using the Identity and Access Management.
Ensured data protection and assurance by encryption with AWS KMS. Optimized cost through a mixed of Reserved, Spot and On-Demand Instances, EC2 instance types, Auto Scaling and S3 storage classes.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
SKILLS
WORK HISTORY
Actively managed, improved and monitored cloud infrastructure on AWS: EC2, S3, RDS including, backups, patching and scaling
Application Support Engineer, 02/2017 - 02/2019
Hexcel Corp. – MA
Provide proactive and reactive technical support, and second line phone and email consultation to independently debug complex product problems.
Write and review networking protocols in HTTP, HTTPS, TCP, SNMP and SSH technologies. Worked with customers for needs analysis and to determine vendor costs. Partnered with development team on product development and application support plans. System Administrator, 09/2015 - 01/2017
K Tech – MA
Installed system-wide hardware components, confirming interoperation and compatibility with Linux-based software distros.
Interacted directly with users to diagnose and correct major system issues and address concerns. Installed, configured and maintained services such as DNS, DHCP, NFS, Apache Web Server, SSH and YUM Repository.
Worked with DBAs, Networking Team and Developers to resolve their daily issues. Used Puppet tool for managing system configurations, creating and push profiles to new servers. Setup the yum repository in the server, upgraded the repository by appropriate patching and installed software packages and services using yum and rpm as required. Internship Student (Information Technology Dept.), 05/2012 - 09/2012 Technical University (TU) – Vienna, Austria
Reported back to instructor to receive day-to-day tasks and responsibilities. Provided clerical support, addressing routine and special requirements. Produced high-quality communications for internal and external use. Sorted, organized and maintained files.
AWS Solutions Architect, Diploma Program
ZiyoTek Institute of Technology - Vienna, VA
Bachelor of Science: Information Technology, 05/2016 International Balkan University - Skopje, North Macedonia AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate
EDUCATION
CERTIFICATIONS
Contact this candidate