Profile Summary

**+ Years of IT industry experience working as Software Engineer in DevOps, CI & CD, AWS Cloud, Software Development, Configuration Management, Build, Deploy and Release Management in Automation and Linux System Administrator.
Experience in designing &deploying AWS Solutions using EC2, S3, EBS, Elastic Load balancer (ELB), auto-scaling groups. Worked at optimizing volumes and EC2 instances, created multiple VPC instances.
Developed and maintain automated backup and disaster recovery solutions using AWS services such as EBS and S3
Hands on experience in standing up AWS accounts,AWS Rehydration activities migrating workloads, enforcing security and automation best practices.
Experience in Administration/Maintenance of Source Control Management Systems and version control tools such as Sub Version (SVN), GIT, GITHUB, BIT Bucket and Gitlab.
Expertise in using build tools like MAVEN and ANT for the building of deployable Artifacts such as War & Ear from Source Code. Managed the Artifacts generated by MAVEN in the Nexus Repository.
Deployment of Cloud service including Jenkins and Nexus on Docker using Terraform
Experience with Linux/Unix environments and scripting for Build & Release automation, Installations, Upgrades, Patches, Migration, and Trouble shooting.
Installed and Configured CI & CD in Jenkins/Bamboo on Linux machine. Proficient in defining build Pipelines (master slave configuration) in addition to creating and maintaining multiple jobs. Extensively worked on Jenkins for Continuous Integration and End -to-End automation for all builds and deployments.
Experience in and demonstrated understanding of source control management concepts such as Branching, Merging, Labeling/Tagging and Integration.
Experienced with automating release process using Maven, Jenkins, chef, Jira tools in diversified project environment.
Experience with Disaster Recovery setup and implementation of cost optimization techniques using automation scripts Ruby and Python.
Expert in Chef/Puppet/Ansible as Configuration management tool, to automate the repetitive tasks, quickly deploy critical applications, and enthusiastically managed the changes on Multiple platforms.
Authored recipes and cookbooks for node management and Infra management. Wrote manifests for different modules to be configured remotely. Created Chef Recipes to automate the deployment process.
Hands on experience in writing Ansible scripts, created ansible playbooks with different plays for deployment workflow and used it to configure tomcat servers and maintenance.
Experience working on several docker components like Docker Engine, Hub, Machine and Docker Swarm. Creating Docker images, Compose Docker Registry and handling multiple images primarily for middleware installations and domain configurations.
Experience in deploying applications on Kubernetes and responsible for maintaining the applications on clusters. Integrated ansible with concord for deploying applications on Kubernetes clusters.
Good Working knowledge of Build scripts & automated solutions using various scripting languages like Shell, Python.
Experience with managing and leading Team to Mobile and support CI/CD process and maintaining and monitoring Web and Mobile application in high level Environments like Pre-Prod and Prod.
Experienced with SCRUM management to deploy and maintain web and mobile application 24/7.
Experienced with working on Agile and latest KAN-BAN software methodologies to develop application.

Technical Skills

Operating Systems
Linux, UNIX, Windows, Redhat, Ubuntu
Database
Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL
Languages
Python, Ansible, Puppet configuration Management
Cloud Tools
Amazon Web services (AWS)- EC2, IAM, Ansible Tower, Lambda, VPC.
CI/CD Tools
Chef, Ansible, Jenkins, Maven, GIT, SVN
Ticketing/Tracking Tools
Jira, Service now
Monitoring Tools
Cloud Watch, Splunk
Containers& Virtualization
Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform
Application Servers
Tomcat, WebSphere, Apache
Processes/Methodology
Network protocols and Services
Agile-Scrum, Waterfall
DNS, DHCP, TCP, IPv4, IPv6, ICMP

Certifications
AWS Developer Associate: https://aw.certmetrics.com/amazon/public/verification.aspx License: CXTD6WV1BN1QQTK1

Educational Background
Master’s from University of Central Missouri, Kansas, MO.
Bachelor’s in Computer Science from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Anantapur, India

Professional Experience

AWS DevOps Engineer
Citizens Bank, Rhode Island Nov 2019 – On going
Responsibilities:

Developed the Spring Boot Rest Service that involves crud operations and deployed in (AWS) EC2 instance.
Created monitors, alarms, and notifications for AWS EC2 hosts using CloudWatch.
Configured and managed buckets on S3 and store db and logs backup, upload images for CDN server.
Configured AWS Identity Access Management (IAM) Group and users for improved login authentication.
Configured AWS Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) and Database Subnet Group for isolation of resources within the Amazon RDSAurora DB cluster
Create AMI images of critical AWS EC2 instances as backup.
Configured AWS Virtual Private Cloud environment and networking inside the VPC.
Written terraform Templates for AZURE infrastructure creation to create VPN, Subnet’s as a code using Terraform to build staging, production environments.
Deployed Azure IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and Cloud services (PaaS role instances) into secure VNets and subnets.
Constructed a Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) by Integrating various Version control, build tools and deployment methodologies in Jenkins using Git, Maven, and modeled and automated Continuous delivery CD using Ansible tools.
Creating build slaves, configuring, and maintaining build jobs for build and deployment automation and release processes in Jenkins.
Creating, configuring, and writing Queries to generate alerts based on severity and criticality of the problem in Alert Monitoring tools like Splunk, Dynatrace tools for all the client facing environments.
Experience working on several Docker components like Docker Engine, Hub, Machine, Compose and Docker Registry. Worked on Docker container snapshots, attaching to a running container, removing images, managing Directory structures and managing containers.
Experienced with orchestration of the servers and docker images using Kubernetes and deploying the application using Kubernetes GUI.
Created private cloud using Kubernetes that supports DEV, TEST, and PROD environments.
Execution of the project using Java, J2EE, REST, SOAP. Responsible for building the REST Requests based on the Specifications document.
Wrote Terraform(TFE) sentinel policies for infrastructure components like Networking, storage and Account baselines.
Writing Sentinel policies for Terraform Enterprise.
Wrote Ansible playbooks for virtual and physical instance provisioning, Configuration management, patching and software deployment on Open stack environments through automated tools, Ansible / custom pipeline.
Installing and configuring Terraform and building the infrastructure using terraform configuration file
Written Templates for AWS infrastructure as a code using Terraform to build staging, production environments.
Implementing Blue-Green deployment Architecture to achieve HA in Production environment and implementing Multi-clustered Micro-services architecture for services higher availability.
Running/maintaining Web/Mobile applications starting from building, deploying and maintaining using operation and support model.

Environment: Jenkins, AWS, Kubernetes, Terraform, Ansible, Maven, Agile, Java/J2EE, Python, Red Hat, Cloudwatch, Lambda, GIT, Bitbucket, Gitlab, Linux

AWS DevOps Engineer
Verizon, Waltham, MA September 2017 – October 2019
Responsibilities:

DevOps CI/CD and Implementing Cloud Migration (AWS) Rehydration task Activities
Setup Jenkins CI/CD pipeline automation for various applications to support PROD deployments. (server, configurations)
Worked on Designing architecture, deployment, and maintenance of client’s on-premises infrastructure involving several multiple nodes on AWS platform.
Enabled AWS Guard Duty to send push notifications to required teams using SNS and by using Cloud watch events and Lambda Functions.
Diagnose and resolve AMI application integration and interface related performance issues, and present findings.
Implementation Management: CI/CD, Planning, Change Review and Retrospective
Implementing DevOps culture through CICD tools like Jenkins, Code Deploy and Code Pipeline
Created and managed Jenkins pipelines for kubernetes deployment and responsible for maintaining the kubernetes clusters.
Responsible for watching alerts from Prometheus about kubernetes nodes, disk usage, memory, app restarts and different alerts and responsible for troubleshooting them.
Service Now Task Plan Verification (Implementation, Backout, Stakeholders) and change creation automation.
Incident Management: MIM/Crisis Bridge
Critical Events Production fixes Sev1/2 Bridges for Major Incident Management (MIM)
Execute Artifact collection automation
Execute Recovery automation/IPM system scripts and recommend Resiliency/Reliability updates
Provide Incident artifacts for use in Problem Management review and recommend monitoring enhancements
Incident Management: Monitoring
Recommend Monitoring enhancements, Validation and recovery automation (Splunk, New Relic, Datadog, HPOMI)
Installed, configured and administered Splunk Enterprise Server and Splunk Forwarder on
RedHat Linux
Troubleshooting, tracking and closure of AYS Incident/Change ticketing and JIRA ticket

Environment: GIT, Bitbucket, Gitlab, Linux, Jenkins, AWS, Kubernetes, Maven, Agile, Java/J2EE, Python, Red Hat, Cloudwatch, Lambda.

DevOps/AWS Engineer
Capital One, McLean, VA April 2015 – August 2017
Responsibilities:

Configured and Managed CI/CD Pipeline using Jenkins, Git and Integrated GIT with Jenkins to automate the code check-out process and automating Builds and deployments using Maven as build tool.
Build scripts using MAVEN in Jenkins to move from one environment to other environments. Managed Maven project dependencies by creating parent-child relationships between projects.
Created Branches, Labels and performed Merges in Stash and GIT. Maintained GIT source code tool.
Developed a fully automated continuous integration system using Git, Jenkins, MySQL and custom tools developed in Python and Bash.
Responsible for creating different versions of Docker images, Compose Docker Registry from the application source code and pushing them to nexus repository. Created looper pipelines from the GitHub source code for creating Docker images.
Created Docker Daemon sets for deploying fluent bit on Kubernetes clusters.
Created private cloud using Kubernetes that supports DEV, TEST, and PROD environments
Hardening configurations for HELM, Ansible, and Kubernetes Creating standard container config deployment images
Wrote Ansible playbooks to manage configurations and automate installation process. Experience with Ansible Tower to manage Multiple Nodes and Manage Inventory for different Environments.
Wrote Ansible playbooks for virtual and physical instance provisioning, Configuration management, patching and software deployment on Open stack environments through automated tools, Ansible / custom pipeline.
Responsible for deploying Splunk universal forwarder on different kubernetes clusters for forwarding the log reports and data to the Splunk instance for monitoring.
Installing and configuring Terraform and building the infrastructure using terraform configuration file
Written Templates for AWS infrastructure as a code using Terraform to build staging, production environments.
Developed processes, tools, automation for Jenkins based software for build system and delivering SW Builds. Configured Jenkins for doing the build in all the non-production and production environments.
Deployed J2EE applications to Application servers in an agile continuous integration environment and automated the whole process.
Extensively Used Jenkins as Continuous Integration tools to deploy the SpringBoot Microservices & APIs
Developed the Spring Boot Rest Service that involves crud operations and deployed in (AWS) EC2 instance.
Created monitors, alarms, and notifications for AWS EC2 hosts using CloudWatch.
Configured AWS Identity Access Management (IAM) Group and users for improved login authentication.
Configured AWS Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) and Database Subnet Group for isolation of resources within the Amazon RDSAurora DB cluster
Create AMI images of critical AWS EC2 instances as backup.
Configured AWS Virtual Private Cloud environment and networking inside the VPC.
Managed Virtual servers (Ubuntu Linux and Windows) on AWS EC2 using Open-Source Server.
Environment: Ansible, Docker, AWS, Splunk, kubernetes, Terraform, PowerShell, GIT, LINUX/UNIX, ANT, MAVEN, Jenkins, Python, Agile

TECHVE Solutions, Hyderabad, India
Build and Release Engineer April 2012 – Dec 2013

Participated in the release cycle of the product which involved environments like Development, INT, QA, UAT and Production.
Responsible for Branching and merging the code as per the schedule.
Used ANT and MAVEN as a build tools on java projects for the development of build artifacts on the source code.
Installed and Configured Nexus to manage the artifacts in different Repositories.
Configured and automated the Jenkins Build jobs for Continuous Integration.
Used Apache Tomcat as application server for deploying the artifacts.
Developed UNIX and Perl Scripts for the purpose of manual deployment of the code to the different environments and E-mail the team when the build is completed.
Designed and implemented Subversion metadata including elements, labels, attributes, triggers and hyperlinks.
Used Perl/Shell to automate build and deployment Process.
Used ANT and MAVEN as a build tools on java projects for the development of build artifacts on the source code.
Used JIRA as Issue Tracking Tool.

Environment: Subversion, ANT, MAVEN, Jenkins, Apache Tomcat, UNIX, JIRA and Shell Scripts
Contact this candidate