Name: Sai Swetha Balanagar
Email: ad3lw1@r.postjobfree.com

DevOps / Cloud Engineer
Phone: 469-***-****

IT professional with 8 years of Information Technology industry experience with ability to accomplish all aspects of the software configuration management (SCM) process, Software deployment engineering, DevOps, Build/Release management and Systems Engineering in Windows, Unix, Linux environments.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Expertise in AWS Administration Services like EC2, S3, EBS, VPC, ELB, RDS, EMR, Dynamo DB, Auto Scaling, Security Groups, AWS IAM Services in Users, Groups, Policies, Roles, AWS Access Keys and MFA.
Managed multiple AWS accounts with multiple VPC's for both production and non-production environments where primary Objectives included automation, build out integration and cost control.
Experience in designing and creating Cloud Formation templates in setting up the environment using AWS Cloud Formation stack to design and deploy various applications focusing on high-availability, fault tolerance, and auto scaling.
Experience in Linux/Unix System Administration, Network Administration and Application Support working on Red Hat Linux 5/6/7, SUSE Linux 10/11, Sun Solaris 8/9/10, IBM AIX environments.
Experience in Package Management using Red Hat RPM/YUM and Red Hat Satellite server.
Experience in working with Version Control Systems/ Source Code Repository tools like GIT, Bitbucket, perforce maintaining/troubleshooting the CM tool in UNIX and Windows environment.
Integrated Jenkins with various Build tools to achieve successful implementation of Jenkins CI/CD pipeline, Developed Scripted pipeline to version control various pipelines and maintain the Source of Truth.
Implemented CI/CD using Jenkins. Configured security to Jenkins and added multiple nodes for continuous deployments. Deployed applications using build tools like Ant and Maven. Strong understanding of build.xml and pom.xml files.
Worked on Nexus, Artifactory Repository Managers for Maven builds to upload/download the built Artifacts.
Implemented Chef/Puppet as Configuration management tool, to automate the repetitive tasks, quickly deploy critical applications, and manage the changes.
Worked on installing and maintaining under professional settings these bug tracking tool Atlassian's JIRA, Bugzilla and Mantis for reporting and checking performance.
Setup of code repositories such as GIT, SVN, Visual SVN and Tortoise SVN and managed plugins for Jenkins for scheduled automatic checkout of code.
Experience in designing and deploying a multiple application utilizing AWS EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, SNS, EBS, IAM, ELB, VPC, SQS, IAM, Elastic Bean stalk, Lambda, Code commit, Code build, Code deploys, Config, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Cloud Formation, focusing on high-availability, fault tolerance, and auto-scaling in AWS Cloud formation template.
I have experience in various Azure services like Compute (Web Roles, Worker Roles), Azure Websites, Caching, SQL Azure, NoSQL, Storage, Network services, Azure Active Directory, API Management, Scheduling, Auto Scaling, PowerShell Automation.
Experience in Virtual machines, virtual network, SQL database, traffic manager, storage, ExpressRoute, Automation on Windows Azure platform services.
Used Apache Ant and Maven scripts to build and deploy the J2EE applications. Configured Jenkins jobs with the Maven scripts for various deployments of JAVA/J2EE enterprise applications
Used Ansible and Ansible Tower to auto deploy servers rapidly as per the requirement. Implemented and designed AWS virtual servers by Ansible roles to ensure deployment of web applications.
Experience in installing and configuring Kubernetes and supported it running on the top of the CoreOS also managed local deployments, creating local cluster, and deploying application containers.
Building/Maintaining Docker container clusters managed by Kubernetes Linux, Bash, GIT, Docker, on GCP. Utilized Kubernetes and docker for the runtime environment of the CI/CD system to build, test and deploy.
Good Experience in working with container-based deployments using Docker, Docker images, Docker file, Docker Hub, Docker Compose and Docker registries. Developed Docker files to create Images of the Build that are later used in the Task and service definitions to deploy tasks on AWS ECS clusters on AWS EC2 instances.
Configured AWS Lambda as an event-driven, serverless computing to automatically run code in response to events and automatically manage the computer resources required by the code.
Hands on experience of working with System health and performance Monitoring Tools like Nagios, Splunk, Cloud Watch and ELK to monitor OS metrics, server health checks, filesystem usage etc.
Experience in programming/Scripting languages like C, C++, Java, XML, shell scripts, Python, Ruby, Chef (DevOps), Puppet (DevOps) to automate the deployments using scripts.
Wrote automation scripts in Python for Extracting Data from JSON and XML files.
Created JIRA Workflows for multiple projects as per business needs using behaviors with groovy scripting and integrated JIRA projects with Confluence Pages and constructed Confluence pages. Good hands-on working experience in Application and Web servers like IIS, Tomcat, Apache, WebSphere, JBoss, WebLogic, Nginx.
Experience in Building and Managing Hadoop EMR clusters on AWS. Managed EMR cluster platform to simplify running big data frameworks, such as Apache Hadoop and Apache spark.
Installed, Configured, Managed Monitoring Tools such as Splunk, Nagios for Resource Monitoring/Network Monitoring/Log Trace Monitoring.
Expertise in writing Unix/Linux, shell scripting, Bash Scripts, Pearl Scripts (hash and arrays), Python programing for deployment of Java applications on bare servers or Middleware tools.

EDUCATION

Bachelor’s degree in information and technology – JNTU Hyderabad, India

Masters from Southern New Hampshire University, New Hampshire, USA.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Version Control Tools
GIT, GitHub, Bitbucket, perforce
Build Tools
Ant, Maven, MSBuild
Continuous Integration Tools
Jenkins/Hudson, BuildBot, Bamboo, Sonar
Web technologies
HTML, XML, JAVA Script, JQuery, Servlets, JDBC, JSP, .NET, Bootstrap, CSS
Configuration Management Tools
Puppet, Chef, Ansible
Monitoring Tools
Nagios, Splunk, Cloud Watch, Kibana, ZABBIX, Sensu, Graphite, Appdynamics
Programming and Scripting Languages
XML, SHELL, PERL, JAVA, POWERSHELL, Python, Ruby.
Databases
Hadoop, MySQL, MSSQL, Oracle, Cassandra, RDS, DynamoDB
Bug Tracking
JIRA, Remedy, Bugzilla, Atlassian, ServiceNow
SDLC Methodologies
Agile/Scrum, Waterfall
Cloud Technologies
Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, Openstack
Web/Application Servers
Apache Tomcat, JBoss 4.x/5.x, WebSphere 8.5, WebLogic 10, IBM WebSphere Application
Artifact Repositories
Nexus, Artifactory, Docker Hub
Virtualization/Containerization
Docker, Kubernetes, VMware, Docker Swarm, EKS (Elastic Kubernetes Service)

Operating Systems
Linux (Red Hat, CentOS, Ubuntu), Windows Server (2000/2003/2008/2012/2016), Solaris (9, 10, 11), AIX (7), HP-UX (11.23), UNIX

Scripting Tools
Bash, Perl, Python, Ruby

CERTIFICATIONS
-AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate.
-HashiCorp Certified Terraform Associate.
-CKA Certified Kubernetes Administrator
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Morgan Stanley, Boston July 2022– Present

AWS DevOps & Kubernetes Engineer

Engaged with outlining and sending a huge number of uses using all the AWS stack including EC2, IAM, Route53, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, SNS, SQS, LAMBDA, EMR, REDSHIFT, CODE DEPLOY, concentrating on high-accessibility, adaptation to internal failure and auto-scaling in AWS cloud development.
Worked with AWS cloud services like EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, SNS, EBS, IAM, ELB, VPC, SQS, IAM, Elastic Bean stalk, Lambda, Code commit, Code build, Code deploy, Config, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Cloud Formation.
Associated with manufacture and keep up Highly Available secure multi-zone AWS cloud framework with AWS Cloud Formation and Jenkins for persistent coordination.
Involved in setting up Jenkins Master and multiple slaves for the entire team as a CI tool as part of Continuous development and deployment process.
Worked on Docker and Ansible in build automation pipeline and Continuous Deployment of code using Jenkins and wrote Playbooks to automate Ansible servers using YAML scripting and Developed an Ansible role for Zabbix -agent which will be integrated into the to the CICD pipeline.
Configured applications that run multi-container Docker applications by utilizing the Docker-Compose tool which uses a file configured in YAML format. Used Kubernetes to manage containerized applications using its nodes, Config-Maps, selector, Services, and deployed application containers as Pods.
Configured Kubernetes Cluster by provisioning Master, Nodes or Minions, API server, Service Discovery with Consul, Subnetting using Flannel. Integrated Kubernetes cluster with Jenkins which triggers the pipeline after the successful build. Developed Kubernetes Cluster using KOPS and Kubeadm which pull images from Docker registry to perform rolling updates.
Managed Network Access control list (NAcl) for controlling the traffic in and out of one or more subnets. Involved in building and maintaining Highly Available secure multi-zone AWS cloud infrastructure with AWS Cloud Formation and Jenkins for continuous integration.
Wrote Python Scripts to Monitor Variety of Services & Configured kickstart server and updating/applying patches to the servers using RedHat Satellite server.
Developed Microservice onboarding tools leveraging Python and Jenkins allowing for easy creation and maintenance of build jobs and Kubernetes deploy and services.
Wrote Lambda functions in python for AWS Lambda and invoked python scripts for data transformations and analytics on large data sets in EMR clusters and AWS Kinesis data streams.
Wrote multiple Python Scripts to configure and automate the deployment processes and worked on Python Boto module to connect to AWS resources without logging onto AWS Console.
Worked on Python script to query Twist lock for detailed vulnerability information for distribution to Application Teams.
Worked on GITHUB Branching, Merging, Tagging Responsible for building out and improving the reliability and performance of cloud applications and cloud infrastructure deployed on Amazon Web Services.
Robotized Weekly discharges with ANT/Maven scripting for Compiling Java Code, Debugging and Placing Builds into Maven Repository Wrote Python Scripts to Monitor Variety of Services &Perl Scripts with Hash/Arrays to Insert/Delete/Modify content in multiple servers.

UC Davis Health - Davis, CA May 2020-June 2022

DevOps/Cloud Engineer
Implemented and maintained the monitoring and alerting of production and corporate Servers/ storage using AWS cloud watch. Maintained the user accounts (IAM), RDS, Route 53, VPC, RDB, Dynamo DB, SES, SQS and SNS services in AWS Cloud.
Microsoft Windows Azure queues, storage, database, jQuery Product owner for internal 10th Magnitude application development framework.
Played a key role in architecting and developing GCP-based cloud infrastructure solutions, leveraging services such as Compute Engine, Kubernetes Engine, and Cloud Storage.
Proficient in Automation tools like Selenium RC/WebDriver (Functional & Regression Testing), TestNG, Junit, ANT, Maven, Jenkins and SOAP UI Pro for testing Client Server and Web based Applications.
Developed serverless applications using GCP's Cloud Functions and App Engine, reducing operational overhead and improving agility.
Installed Java language and TestNG framework for scripting. Installed TestNG for building the WebDriver project. Integrated with Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running test on nightly basis automatically.
Created repositories, managed user access, code, and release maintenance on GIT, build and administrate Continuous Delivery pipelines using Git, Jenkins, and Groovy DSL.
Troubleshooting of SSL Handshake Errors, Out of Memory Errors, Connection Time Out and performance related issues in IHS - WAS Production issues.
Provisioned AWS Elastic load balancing for deploying applications in high availability and experience in working on cloud EC2, S3, RDS, Auto Scaling with AWS command line interface and AWS python SDK.
Configured AWS Auto Scaling to provide high availability of applications and EC2 instances based on the load of applications by using Cloud Watch in AWS setup SNS alerts to notify the subscribers on system health
Used Jenkins, build forge for Continuous Integration and deployment into Tomcat Application Server by configuring and automating build jobs in Jenkins for continuous integration using various plugins in AWS pipeline and worked on issue tracking tools like iTrack, JIRA, Confluence.
Experienced in installing, upgrading, and maintaining RedHat Enterprise Linux, Sun Solaris, Ubuntu, HP-UX and Windows based environments.
Collaborated with multi-cloud environments, enabling seamless integration and data transfer between GCP and other cloud providers.
Utilized GCP tools like BigQuery and Dataflow for data analysis and reporting.
Designed Puppet Modules to oversee arrangements and computerize establishment process and Implemented manikin modules for server housekeeping. Automated centralized configuration using Puppet and addressed software configuration management issues in coordination with the development team.
Setup load balancer to achieve high availability of applications running on EC2 instances and configure health checks for AWS ELB and use sticky sessions to redirect the users based on traffic spikes to avoid downtime.
Use Cloud watch for monitoring and creating alarms for the health status of running instances and setting up SNS alerts to coordinate the delivery of messages to subscribing endpoints and clients.

Nissan - TN Feb 2019-April 2020

AWS Admin/DevOps Engineer

Created Automation stacks to create infrastructure for Kafka clusters different instances as per components in cluster using
Terraform for creating multiple EC2 instances & attaching ephemeral or EBS volumes as per instance type in different availability zones & multiple regions in AWS.
Implemented Terraform modules and Cloud Formation Templates in JSON for all the deployment of applications across multiple cloud providers.
Creating and maintaining highly scalable and fault tolerant multi-tier AWS and Azure environments spanning across multiple availability zones using Terraform and CloudFormation.
Writing terraforms scripts from scratch for building Dev, Staging, Prod and DR environments.
Worked with Kubernetes to provide a platform for automating deployment, scaling, and operations of application containers across clusters of hosts and managed containerized applications using its nodes, Config maps, selectors, and services.
Used Jenkins pipelines to drive all microservices builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes.
Managed all the Docker containers and worked with the team in setting up ELK with Docker and Docker-Compose. Actively involved in deployments on Docker using Kubernetes.
Integrated Jenkins, Rundeck and Ansible. Designed and developed Jenkins Build deployments. Used Ansible and Ansible Tower as Configuration management tool, to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploy critical applications, and proactively manage change.
Manage Kubernetes with Kubectl and Manage from Kubernetes UI, deal with Cluster Managements on Kubernetes using Ansible and manual configuration using Kubeadm. Scheduled, deployed, and managed container replicas onto a node cluster using Kubernetes.
Experience in working with various CI/CD tools like Hudson/Jenkins, Sonar, Subversion, Team foundation Server, Nexus and Artifactory for automating the build release pipelines.
Designing and implementing CI (Continuous Integration) system like configuring Jenkins servers, Jenkins nodes, and Hudson. Responsible for User Management and Plug-in Management for Jenkins.
Integrated JIRA, Confluence and Jenkins for automating the CM process. Implemented a Continuous Delivery pipeline with Docker, and GitHub and AWS
Develop scripts for system administration and AWS using languages such as BASH and Python and integrate all the AWS services with Python Boto.
Installed and configured Splunk for Data retention and log management and configure Servers within the environment to forward log to Splunk using Rsyslog

MBR Informatics
Ayyappa society, Madhapur, Hyderabad Sep 2015- June 2017
Linux & Cloud Admin

Deployed and configured instances by using Virtualization technologies such as VMware ESX/ESXi and created and managed VMs (virtual server) and got involved in virtual server maintenance.
Experience and Familiar with Virtualization technologies like installing, configuring, administering VMware ESX/ESXi 5.1. Created and managed VMs (virtual server) and involved in the maintenance of the virtual server.
Installed & Configured Logical Volume Manager - LVM and Veritas Volume Manager on Sun Solaris and RedHat Linux Hardware and managed server Performance, Disk File Systems, Users Creation and granting of file access Permissions.
Administrated NFS, DHCP, NIS, and DNS Samba services that run on Sun Solaris, AIX, and Red Hat Linux, configured servers, installed patches, and provided support for virtual infrastructure.
Configured Resource Pool, V Motion, Alarms, Alerts, NTP, DRS, HA, and deployed virtual servers by using template and migrated Physical Servers to Virtual Servers with the help of VMware Converters and migrated Virtual Machines using V-Motion.
Worked on Docker to create images and define them in Docker registry along with the Release and the development teams for handling any support issues.
Supported the Solaris/Linux servers in QA/ production/ Development Environment, including RHEL VM's Solaris Zone and conducted system administration activities with the use of NIS, NFS, FTP, DHCP, Telnet and Send mail for Linux.
Support for Unix/Linux systems administration, Problem resolution, operational support for server systems, sharing NFS files system, NFS client on remote machine, mounting and un-mounting NFS, sharing remote file folder, and starting &Stopping NFS services.
Worked on MySQL setup, LAMP Setup in RHEL, Replication, Performance Tuning, Backup, Commands, and overall Administration along with building pipelines to run build jobs.
Created build jobs in Jenkins server, created master-slave architecture and managed source code from GIT for building an artifact and pushing it into Nexus Repository.
Installation and Activation after configuring routing logic, F5 Load balancers, creating new service pools, virtual servers, members within servers.
Configured dashboards, and Installed JON Agent, alerts for JVM monitoring. Performance tuning, which included tuning existing heap values, and DB Connection settings etc.
Migrated VM from one LUN to the other with the use of Storage vMotion, Created Templates from VM’s, deploy VM’s from templates and allocate resources.
Performance tuning Virtual sessions, VMware servers, and server resources management between Virtual Machines.
Experience in installation and upgradation of storage management tools and patching.
Worked with DBA team for database performance issues, network related issues on Linux Servers.
Designed, Installed, and implemented VMware ESXi Server, VMware Virtual Center, VMware vSphere, VMware Infrastructure client and other products for Virtualization.
Responsible for upgrading the Virtual Machines, VMware ESXi hosts and vCenter servers in the organization. Installed and configured Linux virtual machines on VMware infrastructure.
Created New Virtual Machines, cloning VM, DR’s and Snapshots.
Created and managed templates in VCenter. Server migration from Physical to Virtual (P2V) and Virtual to Physical (V2P). Installation and configuration of Red Hat Linux on VSphere and VMwareESX.
Involved in P2V, V2P Migration using Stand Alone VMware Converter Server and Plate Spin.

Zensar technologies
DLF cyber city, hyderabad June 2014- Aug 2015
Linux/Unix Administrator

Provided support in sorting out issues concerning Solaris, Linux, HP-UX Installation and hardware Maintenance in Production and development Environment as a key role in the Unix/Linux Support team.
Worked on installation and configuration of VMware/ESX Servers needed for virtualizations and supported Oracle RAC (Real Application Cluster) Servers that run on Linux with Solaris and GFS with SFRAC.
Maintenance, upgrading WebLogic, tuning WebSphere/JBoss and Web applications such as Java & Tomcat/Apache.
Used the monitoring tool - Zabbix for maintenance and administration operations on a day-to-day basis for the company network working on Solaris and Linux Systems.
Configured the NIS, and NIS+ on Red Hat Linux 5.1 and the update NIS maps and Organized the RHN Satellite Servers together with RHN Proxy Server and maintained and configured DHCP, DNS, NFS and automounter.
Used YUM Software manager for installation and configuration of the RPM Packages.
Production support for installation, management, configuration, and troubleshooting applications such as PHP, Apache, Tomcat and MySQL.
Automated jobs through the development of custom scripts with the use of Shell (ksh, bash) and developed plans for Change, and Incident Management Process based on ITIL.
Configured logical volumes with the use of logical volume manager (LVM) and configured mirroring.
Merged generated reports based on request, formatted data into needed format with the use of UNIX Shell Scripts, Awk and SED.
Deploying Oracle test databases and Veritas Clusters for implementing disaster recovery strategies and ensuring uninterrupted global system availability.
Production support of JBoss and Apache including installation, management, configuration, and troubleshooting. Installation of Veritas NetBackup, Veritas Volume Manager, and Veritas Cluster Server on SAN Environment.
Provisioning storage to UNIX, windows and ESX servers from DMX4/DMX3 arrays using SYMCLI/SMC.
Contact this candidate