Name: Akhil Kumar Malaka
Email ID: ad3oue@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +1-612-***-****

DevOps/System Reliability Engineer (SRE)/Cloud Engineer/Linux Administrator
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Over 8+ years of experience in IT industry comprising of AWS cloud, DevOps, Automation, building, dealing with and releasing code from one environment to different environment and deploying to servers.
Extensively worked on AWS Cloud platform and its features that include EC2, VPC, EBS, ELB, S3, RDS, EBS, Cloud Watch and In-depth understanding of the principles and best practices of Software Configuration Management (SCM) processes, which include compiling, packaging, deploying and Application configurations.
Involved in AWS EC2/VPC/S3/SQS/SNS based automation thru Terraform, Ansible, Python and Bash Scripts. Experience in developing AWS Cloud Formation Templates to create custom sized VPC, Subnets, EC2 instances, ELB, Security Groups.
Experience in configuring RDS instances using Cloud formations and terraform and used Terraform to map complex dependencies and identify network issue and focusing on high-availability, fault tolerance, and auto-scaling using Terraform templates. And used Terraform to write IAC to build Production environment in Azure Cloud.
Written Cloud Formation Templates (CFT) in JSON and YAML format to build the AWS services with the paradigm of Infrastructure as a Code.
Leveraged AWS cloud services such as EC2, auto-scaling and VPC to build secure, highly scalable, and flexible systems that handled expected and unexpected load bursts.
Configuring and managing in Hadoop clusters for Spark streaming jobs using Microsoft AZURE and along with SQL.
Having experience on ETL tools like Apache Nifi, Talend, Informatica, or custom Python ETL scripts.
Worked on Microsoft Azure components like (IAM) Identity Access Management (Active Directory and Multi-Factor Authentication), Azure Virtual Machines, Storage Blobs, File Service, Networking, BizTalk, and Scheduler.
Experience working with micro-service technologies & Containerization tool such as Docker used to containerize and deploy applications on Kubernetes clusters.
Used Docker to implement a high-level API to provide lightweight containers that run processes isolation and worked on creation of customized Docker container images, tagged, and pushed the images to the Docker hub.
Created and deployed VMs on the Microsoft cloud service Azure, managed the virtual network, Azure AD and SQL. Provisioned environments to deploy code in Azure VM and migrated application from On-Premises to PaaS.
Hands on experience in OpenShift containers, maintaining pods and managing Kubernetes in automating deployment, scaling, and management of Containerized applications.
Having knowledge on Spark skills like Spark core, Spark SQL, Spark Streaming, Spark MLlib, and cluster management.
Experience in AWS Cloud Computing services, such as IAM, EC2, S3, AMI, VPC, Auto-Scaling, Security Groups, Route 53, ELB, EKS, EBS, EMR, RDS, SNS, SQS, CloudWatch, Lambda, DynamoDB, CloudFormation, CloudFront, Snowball and Glacier.
Worked on various configurations and networking of NFS, DNS, LDAP, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, remote access management, and security trouble shooting skills.
Experience in installation and management of network related services like DNS, Apache, LDAP, SAMBA, HTTPD, NTP, VSFTP, PROFTP, SMTP, SQUID, Active Directory, Postfix, Send mail, FTP, Remote Access, Security Management & Security troubleshooting skills.
Worked on DB2, IMS, JCL, MQ REXX programming, ZEKE.
Implemented continuous integration and deployment using various CI/CD tools like Jenkins, Harness, Nexus, GIT and SVN also managed and created infrastructure using Ansible as configuration management tool.
Experience in working on version control systems like Subversion and GIT and used Source control management client tools like Visual SVN, Tortoise SVN, SVN X, Uber SVN, Stash, Source Tree, GIT Bash, GitHub, GIT GUI and other command line applications etc.
Experienced in building the artifacts using Maven automation tool and storing the build artifacts into Nexus repository and deploying it to WebSphere/Tomcat server.
Good knowledge on BFSI domain.
Hands on experience with Web and Application Servers such as Apache HTTPD, Light httpd, Nginx, Tomcat, WebLogic and WebSphere and well versed in python and Jython scripting to automate the WebSphere Administration tasks in Development and Testing Environment
Good understanding of the principles and best practices of Software Configuration Management (SCM) in Agile, scrum, and Kanban methodologies. Developed advanced web-based applications using JavaScript, Web Services and Databases like Oracle, MS-Access and SQL Server.
Good on APIGEE skills like API Management, API Gateway Configuration, API Proxy Development, Security and authentication, Traffic Management, API Lifecycle Management etc.
Used Azure Kubernetes service to deploy a managed Kubernetes cluster in Azure and created an AKS cluster in the Azure portal, with the Azure CLI, also used template driven deployment options such as Resource Manager templates and terraform.
Experience in development and administration of the containerized platforms like Kubernetes and OpenShift, resolved issues with the custom build scripts and sluggish pods in the OpenShift platform.
Provide SME in all areas of Cloud (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS) to existing and perspective clients on multiple cloud platforms vSphere, vCloud, CloudStack, Azure, AWS, and various PaaS platforms such as Cloud Foundry and OpenShift.
Experience in installation, configuration, and management of monitoring tools like Zabbix, Nagios, Splunk and logging tool like ELK and built Elasticsearch, Logstash (CloudWatch Log), Kibana (ELK Stack) by Setting-up a load-balanced Elasticsearch cluster on AWS with Auto-scaling for high availability.
Experience working with VMware ESXi 5.1/5.5/6.0, vCenter Server, Host Clustering with HA, DRS, Replication Manager 5.x/6.0, Site Recovery Manager, Snapshots, VMotion, Physical to Virtual Migration and Managing SAN Datastores with iSCSI, NFS & FC.
Installed and Configured - NFS, NIS, DNS, Mail Server, Apache Web Server on various flavours of Red Hat Linux and Solaris.
Experience automating deployments on Servers using JBoss, Tomcat, and WebSphere. And worked extensively with different Bug tracking tools like JIRA, Remedy and HP Quality centre.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Technology from Hindustan University – Chennai, INDIA (2013).
Masters in Information Technology from Concordia University, St. Paul, Minnesota (2017).
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Cloud Technologies
Amazon Web Services, MS Azure
Configuration Management
Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Terraform
Build Release Tools
Jenkins, Maven, Nexus, Gradle, SonarQube, ANT, Bamboo, Harness, Gradle, Docker, Kubernetes, Helm
Monitoring tools
Nagios, Splunk, Zabbix, Grafana, ELK, EFK, Kafka, Datadog
Containers / Virtualization
Docker, Docker Compose, Kubernetes, VMWare, vSphere, vCenter
SCM Tools
GIT, SVN, GitHub, Bitbucket
Scripting Languages
JavaScript, Python, PHP, JSON, YAML, Bash, shell, Groovy, Go Lang
Servers
Apache Tomcat, WebLogic, WebSphere, Windows Server 2012
Bug Tracking
JIRA, Confluence, ServiceNow, CMDB, ClearQuest
Operating systems
Red Hat Enterprise Linux, CentOS, Ubuntu, Unix, Window Server 2012/14/16.
Networking
TCP/IP, NIS, NFS, DNS, DHCP, WAN, SMTP, LAN, FTP/TFTP, VMware nexus switch, Cisco Routers/Switches, F5 load balancer
Databases
MYSQL, Microsoft SQL Server, AWS Aurora and Dynamo-db., MongoDB, RDS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Client: American Airlines, Dallas, Texas Aug 2022 – Present
Role: DevOps Engineer

Worked in various levels in the infrastructure team on Installation, configuration and administration on Red hat-Linux (5x, 6x& 7x), CentOS (5x, 6x and 7x), Ubuntu (7x, 8x, 9x & 10x), SUSE Linux (9x, 10x & 11x).
Actively manage, improve, and monitor cloud infrastructure on Azure, Virtual machines, blob storage, including backups, patches, and scaling.
Built and deployed Docker containers to break up monolithic app into microservices, improving developer workflow, increasing scalability, and optimizing speed.
Developed CI CD pipeline in Azure by developing Git based branching strategies and defining various build tasks that will build the .Net and Java based application and trigger the ARM templates to deploy the Azure VMS with NSG and VNets.
Extensively worked on creating CI CD pipelines using Jenkins for building, validating, and testing the Cloud formation templates, Ansible Playbooks, Azure ARM templates.
Implemented CI/CD process using CDP process for global development team, allowing for dozens of code updates per hour with zero downtime.
Worked on Spark skills like Spark core, Spark SQL, Spark Streaming, Spark MLlib, and cluster management.
Created CI/CD pipelines and setup auto trigger, auto build and auto deployment with the help of the CI/CD tool like Jenkins. Implementing new projects builds framework using Jenkins &Maven as build framework tools.
Maintain build profiles in Team Eco Server and Jenkins for CI/CD pipeline and Installed Apache web applications on AWS EC2 and Deploy a docker container with a running application inside it.
Wrote Ansible playbooks to configure Apache ignite in a VM and deploy the lightweight app to Azure VM using CDP Jenkins and package, deploy lightweight app to Docker using Jenkins also Created Docker file for Apache ignite and pushed it to Nexus.
Storing data in storage layer of Apache Ignite and making webservices run on its own and display the web output on AWS.
Using Amazon Web Services (AWS) console and AWS CLI to launch and manage VM's with Public/Private subnet and setup load balancing, security groups etc. Created Cloud Formation templates and deployed AWS resources like EC2, Auto scaling, EBS, S3.
Participated in the identification of continuity/disaster recovery risks and mitigation plans and Assisted in the development of disaster recovery plans.
Worked on ETL tools like Apache Nifi, Talend, Informatica, or custom Python ETL script
Check in lightweight app to AWSTC Code Cloud and create an Azure VM, establish connectivity to it. Worked on persistence volume claims on Cloud native services using Azure files of block storages securing using key vault to store configuration files.
Installed and set up Nagios monitoring system on a dedicated Amazon EC2 server, developed several custom plug-ins for monitoring availability and performance of AWS EC2 instances, integrating Pingdom checks, monitoring MySQL databases and results of execution of certain queries, etc
Developed Docker files to containerize the applications and created various docker images with different base images and performed rolling deployment of the containers on to the Kubernetes platform.
Deployed and configured Elastic search, Logstash and Kibana (ELK) for log analytics, full-text search, application monitoring in integration with AWS Lambda and Cloud Watch.
Hands on experience on AWS Cloud Formation templates (CFT) to create custom sized VPC, subnets, NAT to ensure successful deployment of Web applications and database templates.
Adapted working on python scripts to create buckets, EC2 instances and monitor the performance of EC2 instances. Used scripting languages like Python, Ruby, Perl, Bash and CF Engine and Web Service for AWS.
Involved in AWS EC2/VPC/S3/SQS/SNS based automation thru Terraform, Ansible, Python, and Bash Scripts. Experience in developing AWS Cloud Formation templates to create custom sized VPC, subnets, EC2 instances, ELB, Security Groups. Performed application security auditing using SAST and DAST to ensure security of applications
Experienced in developing Ansible Playbooks to automate the provisioning of the Kubernetes cluster, troubleshooting the Kubernetes Pods which have issues with Persistent Volume Claims.
Worked on creating Azure VM, Cloud Services and Storages by using Azure Power-Shell Script and deployed Azure IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and Cloud services (PaaS role instances) into secure VNets and subnets.
Developed Ansible playbooks to automate the administration of various subscriptions and configured Webhooks to invoke the playbooks remotely.
Extensive knowledge and administration experience in JIRA tickets for SCM Support activities and knowledge on other CI tools like Bamboo.
Used Splunk Tool to Manage logs and tracking bugs in Dev, QA, and staging environment, for managing tickets used I track ticketing tool & created mail handlers and notification schemes for I track.
Worked on various AWS services like EC2, VPC, Subnets, Route Tables, Security Groups, Route53, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, SNS, SQS, CloudWatch, CloudFront and provisioned EC2, RDS instances using Cloud Formation Template (CFT) and terraform.
Involved in designing an Infrastructure for different applications before migrating into AWS amazon cloud for flexible, cost-effective, reliable, scalable, high-performance, and secured applications. Successfully configured AWS EC2 Cloud Servers using AMI's (Linux) and configuring servers for specific applications.

Client Name: US Bank – Palo Alto, CA Apr 2021 – July 2022
Role: Cloud/DevOps Engineer
Installing, configuring, and implementing the LVM, RAID Technologies using various tools like VERITAS volume manager, Solaris volume manager. Provided 24/7 on-call support on Linux Production Servers and maintaining security on Red hat Linux.
Created S3 buckets and managed policies for buckets and used S3 bucket and Glacier for storage and backup on AWS and in real-time monitoring/alerting of applications deployed in AWS using Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, and Simple Notification Service.
Implemented a Continuous Delivery pipeline with Docker, Jenkins, Bitbucket and AWS AMI's and build a new Docker container from Jenkins.
Hands on designing AWS Cloud Formation templates to use services like EC2, RDS, S3, EBS, Cloud Watch, SNS, SQS, Cloud Trail, developed Python scripts to pass in as user data when creating the AMI to install services in the Boot time.
Developed Terraform scripts to deploy AWS EC2 instances, IAM roles and policies, ASG with Life cycle hooks, RDS databases, Lambda functions, AWS VPC.
Experience on AWS Cloud Formation templates to create custom sized VPC, Subnets, NAT to ensure successful deployment of Web applications and database templates. Wrote Python BOTO scripts for automating AWS EC2 instances for running, stopping and taking regular snapshots of EBS and storing in S3 bucket.
Experienced in AWS relational and NoSQL databases like MySQL, SQL Server, Oracle, DynamoDB, MongoDB and have good exposure to build tools like GRADLE, MAVEN and bug tracking tool JIRA in the work environment.
Configured and setup Ansible Tower with customized playbooks to automate and enhance the configuration management for deploying faster containers, EC2 instances, and manage Jenkins deployments.
Managed AWS infrastructure as code (IaaS) using Terraform. Expertise in writing new Python scripts to support new functionality in Terraform. Provisioned the highly available EC2 Instances using Terraform and cloud formation and setting up the build and deployment automation for Terraform scripts using Jenkins.
Designed and created Azure virtual network (VNet) for high available multi-AZ’s applications, launched Azure VM’s across different Subnets and delegated access to these resources using Azure Active Directory and configured user management through Policies and assigned permissions to users and groups.
Wrote Azure Resource Manager Template (ARM) to configure and manage resources like Azure VM’s, Block BLOB, SQL database, Azure File Storage, Load Balancer, Page BLOB, Auto scaling, ARM, Subnets, Route table and Network Security groups.
Experiencing in Virtualization tools like ESX, KVM. Involving in configure ARM resources through Azure Web Portal and Command Line Interface through PowerShell
Implemented Azure PaaS Solutions like Azure Web Apps, Web Roles, Worker Roles, SQL Azure and Azure Storage. Configured and deployed the Operations Management Suite (OMS) for monitoring and change tracking.
Expertise on all areas of Jenkins like Plugin Management, Securing Jenkins, Performance issues, Analytics, Scaling Jenkins, integrating Code Analysis and Test Phases to complete the CD pipelines within Jenkins.
Implemented a Continuous Delivery pipeline with Docker, Jenkins and GitHub and AWS AMI's, whenever a new GitHub branch gets started, Jenkins, our Continuous Integration server, automatically attempts to build new Docker container from it.
Wrote Python script to verify the deployment status and git-revision of the code commit to check either right code version is deployed to the production servers.
Wrote Ansible playbook in YAML to build a LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, and Python) stack on an EC2 instance and used Ansible Tower as Configuration management tool, to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploy critical applications, and proactively managed changes and Implemented Infrastructure automation.
Coherent Terraform with Ansible, Packer to create and Version AWS Infrastructure, code deployment and orchestration with tools such as Puppet, Chef, Cloud Formation, and automation validation using Test Kitchen, Vagrant, Ansible and Terraform.
Created Docker containers for different Applications to achieve Availability and Fault Tolerance using Docker swarm Manager by pulling Docker Images from private Docker Registry with port mapping, providing persistent volume and creating snapshots.
Wrote Ansible Playbooks to automate the Build of Docker Image, Utilized Jenkins to Auto push to Docker HUB, Automated the infrastructure downloaded and managed Ansible roles from Ansible Galaxy.
Orchestrated and Migrated CI/CD processes using Cloud Formation and Terraform Templates and Containerized the infrastructure using Docker and Kubernetes deployed using Kops.
Developed Dev/Test/Prod environments of different applications on AWS by provisioning Kubernetes clusters on AWS EC2 instances using Docker, Bash, and Terraform.
Expertise in configuring mod proxy on Apache2 and configured vertical and horizontal clustering for High Availability and Workload management. Worked on Web servers & application servers such as Apache2, Nginx, Apache Tomcat JBOSS. Deployed Java/J2EE applications on to Apache Tomcat application servers and configured it to host the website.
Developed Dev/Test/Prod environments of different applications on Azure by provisioning Kubernetes clusters on Azure instances using Docker, Bash and Ansible.

Client Name: Wells Fargo - Fremont, CA Feb 2019 – Apr 2021
Role: Infrastructure/Site Reliability Engineer
Worked as an SRE, my role is to improve and maintain the web application life cycle from inception to design, deployment, operation, and refinement
Developed and supported the Software Release Management and procedures. Also experienced with working on Subversion, Proposed and implemented branching strategy.
Collaborates and pairs with other product team members (UX, engineering, and product management) to create secure, reliable, scalable software solutions
Used Docker for setting Azure Container Registry with Docker and Docker-compose and actively involved in deployments on Docker using Kubernetes.
Performed chaos testing using the Gremlin tool to test the engineer, stability of the Kubernetes platform.
Used Azure Kubernetes service to deploy a managed Kubernetes cluster in Azure and created an AKS cluster in the Azure portal, with the Azure CLI, also used template driven deployment options such as Resource Manager templates and terraform.
Monitoring and deployment by using technologies like CHEF & Ansible.
Developed automation scripting in Python (core) using Puppet to deploy and manage Java applications across Linux servers.
Established infrastructure and service monitoring using Prometheus and Grafana
Implemented Performance testing using Apache JMeter and created a Dashboard using Grafana to view the Results.
Created alerts and monitoring dashboards using Prometheus and Grafana for all microservices deployed.
Automated most of the daily task using python scripting
Configured servers to host Team Foundation Server (TFS) instance to setup and manage Continuous Integration (CI) using Team Foundation (TF) Build Service.
Responsible for Administering and Monitoring Visual Studio Team System (VSTS), taking backups and consolidating collections at the time of migration from one version of VSTS to another.
Implemented Jenkins pipelines into Azure pipelines to drive all micro services builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using AKS.
Installed Docker Registry for local upload and download of Docker images and even from Docker hub.
Worked on the Docker ecosystem with a bunch of open-source tool like Docker machine, Docker Compose, Docker Swarm.
Used Zabbix as monitoring tool and used zabbix plugin for Grafana for analysis & visualization.
Worked with Ansible to manage Web Applications, Config Files, Data Base, Commands, Users Mount Points, and Packages. Ansible to assist in building automation policies.
Configured and implemented storage blobs and Azure files - Created Storage accounts, Configured the Content Delivery Network (CDN), custom domain, Managing access and storage access key.
Experience in Windows Azure Services like PaaS, IaaS and worked on storages like Blob (Page and Block), SQL Azure. Well experienced in deployment & configuration management and Virtualization.
Writes custom code or scripts to do "destructive testing" to ensure adequate resiliency in production
Designing, planning and implementation for existing on-premise applications to AZURE Cloud (ARM), Configured and deployed Azure Automation Scripts utilizing Azure Stack Services and Utilities focusing on Automation.
Defined dependencies and plugins in Maven pom.xml for various activities and integrated Maven with GIT to manage and deploy project related tags.
Working on Splunk tool for monitoring all the Kubernetes clusters for efficient cluster visibility, proactive monitoring, and triggering action.
Created Ansible playbooks to automatically install packages from a repository, to change the configuration of remotely configured machines and to deploy new builds.
Configures commercial off the shelf solutions to align with evolving business needs
Designing and implementing fully automated Server build management,
Developed Python scripts for testing the car functioning on different services.
Responsible for designing and deploying best SCM processes and procedures with GitHub, GIT. Familiar with analysing and resolving conflicts related to merging of source code for clear case.
Used Docker in build automation pipeline and production deployment & implemented the setup for Master slave architecture to improve Performance of Jenkins. Used Jenkins for Continuous Integration and deployment into Tomcat Application Server.
Profound Experience in designing Strategies to increase the velocity of development and release for Continuous integration, delivery, and deployment, by using technologies like Bamboo and Jenkins. Also, experience in using SCM tools like GIT, Subversion (SVN) and TFS on Linux platforms in maintaining, tagging, and branching the versions on multiple environments
Worked with Configuration Management automation tool Ansible and has worked on integrating Ansible YAML Scripts.
Involved in Research of the project application architecture to support/resolve build, compile, and test issues/problems.

Client Name: Morgan Stanley - Boston May 2017 – Feb 2019
Role: DevOps Engineer
Implemented and developed solutions enabling Development and Operations teams to build, deploy, monitor, and test applications and environment.
Knowledge in gathering requirements from various team's app dev, QA, Ops etc. for automation process and for improving agility in development process.
Worked on various AWS services like EC2, VPC, Subnets, Route Tables, Security Groups, Route53, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, SNS, SQS, CloudWatch, CloudFront and provisioned EC2, RDS instances using Cloud Formation Template (CFT) and terraform.
Involved in designing an Infrastructure for different applications before migrating into AWS amazon cloud for flexible, cost-effective, reliable, scalable, high-performance, and secured applications. Successfully configured AWS EC2 Cloud Servers using AMI's (Linux) and configuring servers for specific applications.
Experienced in build tools to store the binaries of builds in Nexus Artifactory repository which are further used in Integration testing.
Configured Backup and Archived Solutions in AWS (S3) by creating lifecycle policies for transition of objects to different storage classes and Glacier and wrote scripts for backing up of AWS EC2 Instances and EBS volumes attached to running EC2 Instances.
Experience in creating and storing DB snapshots in AWS Simple Storage Service (S3) for backup and restore. Configured DynamoDB tables for application support.
Outlined and configured Azure Virtual Networks (VNets), subnets, Azure network settings, DHCP address blocks, DNS settings, security policies and routing.
Provisioned Azure (ACL) access control lists and other firewall routing technologies to help troubleshoot and allow traffic to successfully pass between on-premises and Azure cloud.
Experience Automating the process of launching the instances using Terraform templates. Wrote Python scripts for building custom utilities, custom data visualization for web apps and for managing files and networks.
Built Docker images from scratch and customized and modified base images from existing environment configurations and maintaining the image repo for development teams.
Integrated Ansible with Jenkins to provide Automation, Continuous Integration also managed nodes over SSH/Power shell using Ansible. Creating Ansible files to install tomcat instances and to manage configuration files for multiple applications.
Streamlined various infrastructure activities like Continuous Deployment, Application Server setup, stack monitoring using Ansible playbooks and has Integrated Ansible with Jenkins.
Wrote Ansible playbooks and created various roles for applications, then deployed the Applications or Services on hosts also written Ansible playbooks to automatically install packages from a repository to change the configuration of nodes and to deploy new builds.
Carried out the setup for master slave architecture to improve the Jenkins performance and Built end to end CI/CD Pipelines in Jenkins to retrieve code, compile applications, perform tests and push build artifacts to Nexus using Nexus Artifactory plugin.
Responsible for Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) process implementation using Jenkins along with Python and Shell scripts to automate daily routine jobs also used Ansible and GIT in the release pipelines for automated workflow.
Responsible for configuration of DNS Server and Clients, configuration of DNS tables using BIND packages and experience in troubleshooting DNS issues
Worked on configuring mod proxy/mod_jk on Tomcat Clusters and configured vertical and horizontal clustering for High Availability and Workload management.
Composed Ruby, Python, Perl, and Shell Scripts to deploy the java-based packages like ear and war on the WebLogic App Server.
Configuring alert mechanisms with Nagios, Splunk for error logging, performance monitoring also monitored infrastructure consisting of Nagios server with internal GUI tool as a web interface for configuration and display of performance data.
Experience in deployment of JIRA applications into existing/default VPC and configuring AWS (EFS)Elastic File System to sort the artifacts can be accessed through multiple nodes for High Availability and used Jira for tracking issues and change management

Client Name: Wipro Technologies – Bengaluru, INDIA June 2013 – August 2015
Role: Linux Administrator
Assisted senior-level administrators in various aspects RedHat server administration including installation and maintaining the operating system software, performance monitoring, problem analysis and resolution.
Experience in installation, configuration, and management of different versions of Server Operating Systems like RedHat Linux, Centos, Ubuntu, Debian, Fedora, IBM AIX, and Sun Solaris.
Administration of Red Hat Linux user accounts, groups, active directories, and file permissions.
Installation and upgrading of required patches, Management for Red Hat servers and maintained server’s environment in Development/QA/Staging/Production. Installed and configured the RPM packages using the YUM Software manager, JBOSS, Apache, Tomcat, and WebSphere.
Configured RAID 1, 10, 5 to avoid system/application downtime in the event of disk failure and using Logical Volume Manager (LVM) to increase/decrease logical volume partition size upon application team requirement with different file system types.
experienced on Disk Partition, mirroring root disk drive, configuring device groups in UNIX/LINUX environment and worked on UNIX bash scripts to automatically provision profile permissions, directories, and chroot settings per profile or user role.
Linux admin tasks creating users, setting up NFS Volumes, managing disk resources, setting up and expanding RAID volumes and managing permissions. Installed and managed SSH keys and Sudo privileges. Hardened Linux Systems with SE Linux, IP Tables, non-privileged accounts, immutable log files, and syslog monitoring.
Experience in performance monitoring and performance tuning like CPU utilization, memory profiles, disk utilization, network connectivity, system log files, etc. Using TOP, PS VMSTAT.
Used
Contact this candidate