Jude Agbasonu
Brooklyn, NY 929-***-**** ad3v7m@r.postjobfree.com

Summary
Cloud engineer with over 3 years of experience in Dev0ps Practice, build & release, configuration management, build Automation and Cloud technologies. Proven ability to collaborate with different teams to deliver results in fast-paced environments. Passionate about working with cutting-edge technologies and driving innovation.
Experience
Signature Technology Boston, MA Feb 2020 – Current
Cloud Engineer/Architect

Created automated alerts around infrastructure issues leading to an improvement in the response time to critical errors.
Regularly updated all software and operating systems on the instances running in EC2, to eliminate security loopholes.
Experience on Kubernetes: clusters, load balancing and deploying micro services with source code images(containers).
Automated the provisioning of environments with Ansible.
Virtualized the servers on the cloud using the Docker, created the Docker files and version controlled them with knowledge of orchestration tool like Kubernetes.
Participated in on-call rotation to handle and resolve high severity technical escalations
Troubleshot problems involving the appropriate resources and driving resolution of issues with a focus on minimizing impact to our clients.
Provided guidance for adherence to best practices for optimal and secure use of cloud technologies.
Experience in creating the company’s Dev0ps strategy in a mix environment of Linux (RHEL, Ubuntu, CentOS) services along with creating and implementing a Cloud strategy based on Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud Platform.
Participated in a daily stand-up meeting to report my accomplishments, plans for the day and any roadblocks encountered.
Experience in CloudWatch as a service on AWS to monitor applications, respond to performance changes system-wide, scale resources expediently, and view health in the of logs, metrics, and events.
Experience in managing user accounts and groups, managing files and directories, package/patch management and configuration, managing services, volume management.
Experience with CI (Continuous Integration) and CD (Continuous Deployment) methodologies with Jenkins build tools.
Experience in AWS, Azure, and GCP infrastructure and micro services implementation, management, and support.
enthusiastic learner with the ability to keep up to date on ever evolving AWS, Azure, and GCP Cloud Services.
Good interpersonal skills to work with cross functional partners across other technology organizations.
Great communication skills, both written and verbal with a keen attention to detail.

Skills
Industry Knowledge: Virtualization, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud Platform.
Technical Skills: Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform, Linux, Ansible, Git, Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Terraform, and Windows.
Soft Skills: Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Written and Verbal Communication, Leadership.

Education
Michael Okpara University of Agriculture Umudike, Abia.
Bachelor Of Science in Physics

Reference on request
Contact this candidate