Rubel Shaha DevOps and Cloud Engineer
NY ad414l@r.postjobfree.com 929-***-**** www.linkedin.com/in/rubel-shaha-936296300 Professional Summary:
● Self-driven and highly motivated DevOps and Cloud Engineer with 5+ years of overall experience in Development Automation, Deployment Automation, Infrastructure Automation in DevOps Cloud space across Banking and Retail domains.
● Expertise within the DevOps, Infrastructure as a Code (IasC), Policy as a Code, Compliance as a Code, Platform as a Service (PaaS), SaaS, Virtualization, Containerization and Continuous Integration & Continuous Delivery (CICD).
● Experienced with VMs, Cloud and EC2, S3, RDS, Lambda, CloudFormation, CloudFront, Cloud Watch and Systems Manager in AWS and Compute Services
● Involved in preparing DevOps Strategy, Cloud Strategy and Migration Strategy for the organizations and plan the migration from on-prem infrastructure to the cloud reducing costs and also migrating from one cloud to another.
● Skilled in setting up and orchestrating Kubernetes Clusters from scratch on VMs and on Managed Services like Amazon EKS.
● Highly experienced in Infrastructure as Code automation and configuration management of VMs on AWS and VMware using Terraform, Cloud Formation. Also worked on Configuration management using Ansible for Linux.
● Good experience on Installing and Implementing Logging & Monitoring tools Prometheus, Grafana, ELK (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana), Zabbix, Cloud Watch for infrastructure, Synthetics, APM, Containers, Pods and DB monitoring.
● Excellent hands on implementation experience on Hashicorp Vault and AWS Systems Manager with Systems Manager and AWS Secrets Management and also securing DevOps CICD Pipelines using tools like VeraCode, Sonatype and SonarQube.
● Master in Build automation and orchestrating the pipeline for Continuous Integration, Continuous Deployment and Continuous Delivery in Jenkins, Bamboo, GitLab and Circle CI
● Good at Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) giving prompt support to production infrastructure and application. Effective in conducting Issue triaging, RCA and preparing incident reports.
● Excellent hands-on experience on Linux and Windows Server administration with Bash and PowerShell
● Good hands-on experience on GIT tools like GitHub, Bit Bucket and SVN and well versed with branching, tagging and maintaining the version across the environments using above SCM tools
● An effective technical architect in easily setting up, writing, reviewing, deploying and testing API, Microservices and middleware infrastructure for all platforms using web service frameworks like JWS, XML, SOAP and REST APIs.
● Worked in Agile environment and well versed with SMART storyboarding and Sprint Ceremonies.
● Good Interpersonal Skills, team-working attitude, takes initiatives and very proactive in solving problems and providing best solutions Technical Skills:
Continuous Planning Jira, Confluence, Asana
Source Control Bitbucket, GitHub, SVN, GitLab
Continuous Integration Jenkins, Circle CI, Bamboo
Build and Release Apache Maven, Ant, Gradle, PyBuilder, WebPack, Parcel Configuration Management Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Packer, Vagrant Orchestration & Container Docker, Kubernetes, EKS, Docker Swarm, OpenShift, OpenStack Infrastructure Automation Ansible, Terraform, Cloud Formation Continuous Deployment Jenkins, Ansible, Octopus
Continuous Monitoring Cloud Watch, Prometheus, Grafana, Zabbix, ELK Site Reliability Engineering New Relic, SolarWinds, APM, HealthMaps Programing Language Java, Python, Bash, Ruby
Databases MySQL, MS SQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB
Professional Experience:
First Horizon Bank, Memphis, TN AWS DevOps Engineer Jan 2023 to Present Responsibilities:
● Worked closely with development and operations team to understand complex product requirements and translated them into automated solutions
● Collaborate with the development and operation team to implement the necessary tools & process to support the automation to builds, deployments, testing and infrastructure using Ansible.
● Creating custom Docker Images using Docker file for easier replication of DEV ad QA Environments in local and remote machines.
● Responsible for the design and maintenance of the GIT Repositories and the access control strategies and performed all necessary day-to- day GIT support for different projects.
● Implemented a production ready, load balanced, highly available, fault tolerant Kubernetes infrastructure and created Jenkins jobs to deploy applications to Kubernetes Cluster.
● Orchestrated and migrated CI/CD processes using Cloud Formation, Terraform templates and Containerized the infrastructure using Docker setup in Packer, Vagrant, AWS services and Amazon VPCs.
● Worked closely with application team and support on various performance and configuration issues on daily basis and planned release schedules with agile methodology.
● Involved in creating IAM user accounts, groups, adding user to the groups, generating custom policies, assigning to groups and users, customizing the JSON template, created snapshots and Amazon Machine Images (AMI) of the instance for backup.
● Integrated Jenkins with various DevOps tools such as Nexus, Puppet, configuring Kubernetes container environments, utilizing Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment.
● Monitoring to identify and resolve infrastructure problems and used Event handlers in case of automatic restart of failed applications and services using Splunk.
● Worked on writing multiple Python, Ruby and Shell scripts for various companywide tasks. Environment: GIT, Maven, Jenkins, AWS EC2, S3, VPC, RDS, IAM, Route 53, CloudFormation, CloudFront, CloudWatch,Shell scripts, PostgreSQL, JIRA, Splunk, RedHat Linux, Ansible, Puppet, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, Nexus, Python, Ruby, Vagrant, Packer, Helm charts, NodeJS.
Office Depot, Boca Raton, FL AWS DevOps Engineer June 2021 to Jan 2023 Responsibilities:
● Worked with the development and operation team to implement the necessary tools & process to support the automation to builds, deployments, testing and infrastructure using Ansible.
● Designed and implemented automated provisioning and configuration frameworks in support of infrastructure-as-code Terraform, Cloud Formation
● Provided POC’s to provision the AWS infrastructure using Ansible playbooks which includes checking the health status, monitoring and gathering facts about EC2 instances, ELB, ASG and other AWS resources.
● Wrote Ansible playbook for auto start/stop of AWS resources at a particular time of the day by triggering it from Jenkins pipeline
● Setting up server spec on the local and writing the test cases to check the configuration and impotency of the remote servers.
● Involved in source control management with GitHub and GitLab Enterprise level repositories. Activities include configure user’s access level, monitor logs, identifying merge conflicts, and managing master repository.
● Configured and deployed java applications on AWS for a multitude of applications utilizing the AWS stack, cloud formation.
● Developing scripts for build, deployment, maintenance related tasks using Jenkins, Docker, Maven, Python & Bash.
● Creating custom Docker Images using Docker file for easier replication of DEV ad QA Environments in local and remote machines.
● Worked with Docker containers and Kubernetes on AWS cloud, helped to bridge the gap between developers and operations by providing the same environment with the help of Docker and Kubernetes.
● Involved to setup a proactive monitoring system with Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana (ELK stack) that decrease incident response time and improved system observability.
Environment: GIT, Maven, Jenkins, AWS EC2, S3, VPC, RDS, IAM, Route 53, CloudFormation, CloudFront, CloudWatch,Shell scripts, MongoDB, JIRA, Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana, Linux, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, DockerHub, Python, Helm charts, HTTPD Overstock.com, Salt Lake City, UT AWS DevOps Engineer Feb 2019 to May 2021 Responsibilities:
● Collaborated with cross-functional development teams to analyze potential system solutions enhancing performance.
● Initiated and led a cross-functional team project utilizing Terraform for infrastructure as code (IaC) to automate the provisioning process.
● Integrating Ansible for configuration management, standardized environment setups across multiple servers, enhancing operation consistency and reducing configuration error.
● Developed Python scripts to automate data extraction and manipulation tasks, leading to a decrease in manual errors and an increase in process efficiency.
● Conducted an organization-wide training on Docker containerization techniques, increasing DevOps adoption.
● Increased system release stability by implementation of automated testing framework with the CI/CD pipelines.
● Collaborated on the creation of a disaster recovery plan that decreased potential downtime impact by utilizing AWS multi-region deployment strategies.
● Contributed to a faster time-to-market for new features by supporting the development of automated build scripts and deployment tools.
● Supported the migration of multiple applications to AWS, resulting in a cost reduction in infrastructure expenditure.
● Helped in streamlining the code integration process by adopting Git methodology that let to decrease in code merge conflicts
● Revitalized routine maintenance tasks utilizing Ansible for automation.
● Used Ansible to document all infrastructures into version control and Used Ansible to document application dependencies into version control.
● Wrote Ansible Playbooks with Python SSH as a wrapper to manage configurations of AWS nodes and Test Playbooks on AWS instances using Python.
● Involved in developing custom scripts using Python, Ruby, PowerShell, and Shell to automate jobs.
● Used Amazon S3 to backup database instances periodically to save snapshots of data.
● Production support on Linux Systems in a 24/7 production Environment to maintain all servers and applications Environment: GIT, Maven, Jenkins, AWS EC2, S3, VPC, RDS, IAM, Route 53, CloudFormation, CloudFront, CloudWatch,Shell scripts, MySQL, JIRA, Linux, Ansible, Terraform, Python, NGINX, New Relic, SolarWinds, APM Education:
Master of Pharmacy, State University of Bangladesh. Training & Certification:
AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate
Docker And Kubernetes : The Complete Guide, Udemy
Contact this candidate