Michelle McIntyre
*** ******** *****, **** **. Louis, MO 63367
ad4710@r.postjobfree.com
© 314-***-****
Professional Summary
Transformational and professional Lead Systems, Application and Security Engineer with over 25+ years of experience. Focused on providing support of Applications, Azure Cloud, Virtualization, MS Servers and Network devices. Hunger for learning new processes, features, applications and systems. Ability to focus on implementation, migration and troubleshooting while meeting company demands. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills with a demonstrated ability to improve procedures and processes with success. Strong interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to effectively build cross-functional teams with all resource levels. Accomplished 4 Data Center Builds and Migrations, 3 Acquisitions and 1 Merger. I enjoy learning and improving my skill in a multitude of different technologies while staying steadfast. Detailed documentation is also a strong point. Held a Top-Secret Security Clearance for 10yrs for the Military, DOD, USDA, State and DISA DECC.

Education / Training
Azure Cloud Fundementals Certificate- 2021
CSAM (Certified Software Asset Management) Cert, Nov, 26, 2019
VMware vSpher 5 Advanced Infrastructure Deployment Training – Full week, Oct, 2016
PKI/PKE Conference, May 13-18, 2012
CCNA, May 9, 2011
Comptia 2008 Security+ Certification, May 2009 - Grandfathered in to never expire
Network Administration – Semester at Forest Park Community College, 2008
CISCO Design and installation Class, Semester long, 2003
CISCO Administration Training, Semester long, 2003
Bachelor’s of IT – Vatterott College, 2002-2004, GPA 3.8
Associates Degree in Computer Programming and Network Mgmt, Vatterott College, 1994 – 1996, GPA 3.8

Technical Expertise
Integration Application SME, DevOps, DevSecOps and Gov with a plethora of other miscellaneous applications
Architecting Application Data Flows
NIST Security Framework – Successful implementation to a company with no prior knowledge
Cybersecurity – Vulnerability scans and remediation, research of the vulnerability, test and execute to PROD
PM for 3 years with Boeing, MasterCard and Energizer Battery.
OS: Windows 2003/2008/2012/2016, and 2019. LINUX Red Hat I have worked with a few times
Misc: IIS, AD, GPO, Security Groups, SQL Server 2008/2012, SharePoint, ServiceNow, Microsoft Teams.
VMWare ESXi/VMs – Support, build, administer and troubleshoot. Many deployments and migrations in my tenure.
Check Point Firewall NG FP3 and NGX R65. Firewall responsivities. It has been several years ago but I still have understanding.
Cisco Router Models (Layer 3) - 1800, 2800, 2900, 3800, 7200, 7600, 7604. Cisco PIX and ASA, - Several years ago
Cisco Switches – Layer 2/3. Configured IOS, Created VLANs, added to white/black list, setup encryption. It has been a few years ago
Authentication Mechanisms: 2-Factor, SSO and TLS certifications, token
SAN – NetApp, Nimble and Dell Compellent installation and administration, F5 Load Balancers
Server Hardware: HP ProLiant – All series (3600, 3800, DL580, Blade) Dell, IBM, Asus, Acer and CISCO UCS, HPE
Experienced in configuring and troubleshooting Microsoft networks, specifically Client-Server Domain.
Experienced in implementing Server/Network environments including front-end/back-end configurations and active/passive clusters. This includes 5 Data Center migration moves where Hardware and Software setup had to be installed, setup, reconnected and reconfigured.
Experienced in building and administering IIS standalone Web Servers.
Understanding of Token/Badge Security
Light PowerShell scripting, ESXi command line scripting and Exchange CLI
CompTIA 2008 Security+ certificate – Just expired

The Xelon Group/Navy Federal Credit Union 05/2023 – 03/2024
Lead IT Applications and Systems Engineer

●Full life-cycle project management within DevOps and Azure SaaS Cloud Applications
●Engaging in kick-off meetings with each new application and team to review and assign responsibilities. Several NFCU departments have a key role in the implementation, creation and completion of install/configuration from “Test” to “PROD” for upgrade or integration success.
●Risk, Issue and Change management.
Scope of responsibility – work to understand and maintain assigned applications. Enhance the service by increased monitoring to ensure best performance for our business partners.
Responsible for Security and Infrastructure control applications such as:

1.) Alber Battery Monitoring 2.) Mechoshade SolarTrac 3.) AMAG 4.) Trane Tracer
5.) Intelligenz/IntelliBookings 6.) FM Systems 7.) ALC WebCrtl 8.) Liebert Scan
9.) Adept Document Mgmt. 10.) Ricoh Hub & Spoke Print 11.) CiperTrust Encryption
12.) Lutron Vive Wireless Lite 13.) Vocera Messaging 14.) Venture Printing
15.) Synergis Adept 16.) Metasys Building 17.) Splunk
●Applied engineering principles to the design and enhancement of new and existing systems.
●Applied server patching to both Test and Production twice a month. Test, then PROD
●Venafi Certificate software tool. We installed certs here with their expiration date. Also generated TLS certs for install.
●Document new system components or modifications to existing documentation and architectural drawings
●Ensure the security and integrity of system and product solutions by adhering to client, industry engineering, and Information Security compliance standards and practices
●Perform and communicate engineering tasks and assignments in support of business.
●Perform engineering technology research, procurement, deployment, and configuration for new and modified systems.
●Present clear, organized, and concise information to all audiences through a variety of media to enable effective business decisions
●Remediate security vulnerabilities and implement modifications to adhere to company policy.
●Translate business needs into workable technology solutions that meet the needs of internal customers.
●Lead complex or high severity troubleshooting and incident problem resolutions by collaborating with multiple other teams and vendors.
●Experience with server-based application support and maintenance requirements, (Physical and Virtual server environments) such as vulnerability patching, access control, major/minor version upgrades and controlled change window cycle
●Usage of Go Anywhere Secure File Transfer. Navy Federal uses a 2-factor authentication process for accessing Secure Web Folders
●Working with the DB SQL Server or MySQL teams where changes need to occur on the back-end of our application servers.
●Toad, Splunk, Moogsoft and Logic Monitoring Alert/Event monitoring.
Prod Support primarily for Windows server platforms. The ability to read and understand event/application logs to diagnose and further troubleshooting efforts

Timberline Group/Arco Construction 01/02/2023 – 05/20/2023
Lead Integration/Cloud Engineer/Application Architect

Communicate and document technical SaaS application integrations between Vendors and Arco departments. Understand the depth of data flow between them all via API or any other connections.
back-end of all applications and how they communicate and transfer data between each other.
Application integration SME for the following construction related applications.
-Procore - myCOI - DocuSign
-UltiPro/UKG - Informatica - ARCost
-Vista by Viewpoint - iCIMS - CIF
-Boomi - Counsel Link - Rhumbix
Design, review, determine technology platform and maintain scalable and stable off the shelf applications or custom-built technology solutions to meet business needs for Applications Group.
Improved, maintain, monitor a collection of 3rd-party and custom developed applications from an infrastructure perspective.
Using Vision to design the overall application data flow landscape of all integrations and software within ARCO.
Conduct root cause analysis and advanced performance tuning for complex business processes and functionality
Curator of the code repository and integration services
Participate in systems related integration issues to resolution
Establish architectural standards and direct external developers on adherence of those standards
Demonstrate the broad expertise to integrate the technical vision for IT, integrating across technologies, systems, and organization
Coordinate the identification and assessment of new and emerging hardware, software, products, methods, and techniques and evaluating likely relevance of these for the organization
Working as a breadth of knowledge across multiple subject areas: Applications, Data, Security and Infrastructure
Knowledge of Microsoft Azure, Power of BI platform, Cloud Applications, N-tier web-based applications experience

DXC Technology/Sierra Space (client) 05/2022 – 11/2022
Technical Managing Advisor – IT Solutions
Hands on experience with CICD pipelines through automation with Azure. Gov cloud environment.

Working with 35 GitHub repositories that are ETL functions
Creating. yaml repo files
Git commands for push and pulls to editing tools
Working with over 64 custom apps and 200 Azure Logic Apps
Documenting process and procedures
Visual Studio Code for modifications to pipeline.yml files
SharePoint collaboration
Teams’ collaboration
Azure LogicApp and Postman usage
Building DevOps Servers, configuring SAN, KeePass, monitoring, subscriptions and additional administration
High level automation to do deploys
Assisting with on-prem migration to the Azure Cloud for a divestiture and separation of companies and data

DXC Technology/Boeing – Gov (Client) 4/2021 – 04/2022
Technical Managing Advisor – IT Solutions
Migration from on-prem to the Azure Cloud

Ensures that guidelines are met, and violations are addressed in a timely manner for the security of smaller company facilities. Monitors and controls access to buildings and grounds by coordinating the activities personnel. Manages sensitive aspects of security programs to ensure compliance with government security policies and regulations.
Develops, Implements, and maintains any specialized employee access systems including identification badges and key cards. Determines need for heightened security requirements for key personnel or utilities to ensure that company interests are protected.
Develops, implements, and maintains security programs and procedures, using subject matter expertise, to ensure adherence to established codes and regulations. Analyses loss control and accident reports to ensure accuracy and company liability costs.
Manages the installation, maintenance, and overhaul of surveillance equipment in facilities to ensure safety of company property and personnel.
Investigates security violations and reviews written reports on non-criminal activities for higher level management. Recommends corrective action and implements approved course of action as appropriate. Controls and contains the scene of any criminal activities until proper authorities can be informed. Contacts appropriate emergency agencies such as, fire, police and/or medical agencies, in case of emergency to ensure that appropriate help is provided in a timely manner.
Organizes and conducts safety drills. Provides recommendations on security and/or safety improvement methods to assigned utilities or personnel to ensure safety and security of resources. Performs or ensures that various site surveys and/or risk assessments are conducted, and appropriate security posture is maintained.
Contacts vendors, suppliers, and other parties to determine current developments in surveillance equipment. Determines company surveillance needs and/or need for updating surveillance equipment to ensure security of facilities and personnel.
Design Server Migration Solutions for Windows using Cloud migration tools.
Migrating data from Databox to Azure Cloud environment
Building VMs (SQL, Windows, RDP, Reporting). Shared Image Galleries with Azure were created and used
Jira project usage, Confluence, ServiceNow, Running File Share scripts, Azure Key vault, Diagnostic Settings
Cloud tools = CICD Pipelines, Bitbucket, VMs, Log Analytics, Monitoring, GIT, working within Subscriptions,
working in resources, creating SSH Keys, Azure Backups
Interact with clients and co-suppliers to discuss Application migration and updates
Restoring SQL Databases to VMs
Automating Boeing process in PowerShell scripts
Moving Storage accounts from one to another using Az-copy
Ability to define a root cause analysis of an issue and explain causals, contributors and resolutions to clients and other team members
Implement technical SOW expectations for deployment and operations.
Ability to Design, install and configure VMware Environment
Ability to Design, install, configure, optimize, and document complex Windows 2003 or 2008/20012 environments.
Built out Development, Test and eventually PROD environments for on-prem to Cloud
C7000 Blade technology
VMWare 5.x
Virtual Connect
Engineering and supporting enterprise server solutions
PowerShell and ConfigFile scripting
Windows troubleshooting
Creating GSEP/ServiceNow tickets
I created an automated SQL Server installation and configuration PowerShell script for Boeing
Documenting process and procedures

CCI Systems, Inc 01/2021 – 04/2021
Sr. Cyber Security Systems Engineer
Working internally and with customers on vulnerability scanning and remediation.
.
Working with Red Team and Blue Teams to run vulnerabilities scans on all IT devices to remediate any security
weaknesses. Nessus is the security scanning device we use
Creating MOPs (Method of Procedure) documents prior to implementing a fix or resolution
vSphere VM maintenance, support, and administration. Collaborating with departments on maintenance windows
for upgrades, patching, or resolution to current issues.
Develops and implements security standards, processes, procedures, and guidelines for the company
Performing ongoing analysis, capacity planning, and technical tuning of the network systems to improve performance
Prepare maintenance and patching of all VMware Hosts, Clusters and VMs. This applies to any on-prem physical devices as well
Maintain and support NetApp SAN
PDQ for Deployments
Working to Baseline devices for improvement and security
TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, AD, LAN, WAN, Encryption, IIS, Telnet, SSH, SSL/TLS, Putty
Supporting and create GPOs for Security measures and environment precautions.
Worked with our on-prem lab environment to remediate a customer’s CISCO ASR 920 Router. Had to apply
IOS, Configs and Firmware updates to a 16.12 upgrade I did to re-scan for vulnerabilities. They were
Currently running 13.13 which is old. By upgrading you eliminate most vulnerabilities within the scan.
Ensures and monitors security compliance with industry and government rules and regulations
O365 Security and Compliance
A3 Business plan review as we build out this new Business Unit for the company
SharePoint for all documentation, process, and procedures
Usage of Microsoft Teams
Build out of Linux Server for IPAM usage
Linux Centos remediation and patching
Pivotal Tracker = Project planning software used by our teams to help manage expectations about when work might be completed based on the team's ongoing performance. Agile based platform
Microsoft Teams usage and administration
Continued meetings for planning and execution of projects.
Conduct cybersecurity infrastructure evaluations, build business cases, and oversee the architecture & deployment of security solutions
Consult with management and review project proposals to determine goals.
Independently research and evaluate innovative technologies.

Etegra, Inc. 02/2020 – 08/10/2020
Technical Director – Cybersecurity and Operations
Create, maintain and implement the NIST Security Framework to meet the guidelines for our Government and Military contracts. In addition, maintain, configure, implement, and support our Network Infrastructure and overall operations within our company.
Emphasis on maintaining, understanding, and implementing NIST Security Framework. Includes 14 sub domains of NIST. Understanding, implementing and documenting. Achieved company’s negative 7% to a positive 96% compliance.
Develops and implements security standards, processes and procedures, and guidelines for the enterprise
Performing ongoing analysis, capacity planning, and technical tuning of the network systems to improve performance
Implement 2-Factor authentication throughout Infrastructure in various areas of technology
Maintain and support Nimble SAN
TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, AD, LAN, WAN, Encryption, IIS, Trunking, Spanning Tree, Telnet, SSH, OSPF, 802.1
Supporting and create GPOs for Security measures and environment precautions.
Strong experience of operational and troubleshooting skills to Cisco devices and technologies
Ensures and monitors security compliance with industry and government rules and regulations using Spiceworks and O365 Security and Compliance
O365 Azure and InTune Administration/Security and enhancements. In addition to E3/E5 licensing and Exchange
Manage/configuration/troubleshoot Cisco routers, switches, firewall, and wireless controllers/appliances. To include, Encryption, VPN, Event Logs, White and Blacklisting and review of graphic performance charts daily
Maintain, install, support Microsoft Windows Server and Active Directory environment (W2K12 R2 and Windows Server 2016). Hypervisor and VMs. 5 physical servers to maintain in our DC
Microsoft Teams usage and administration
Planning and migration from on prem to the Azure Cloud platform
Conduct cybersecurity infrastructure evaluations, build business cases, and oversee the architecture & deployment of security solutions
Implement server patching activities and server software update deployments to Hypervisor, VMs, Citrix, File Server, Domain Controllers, and firmware update to layer 3 switch at the end of each month.
Maintain an effective working relationship with local and state governmental agencies to provide the latest data on security issues and cooperation on property security incidents.
Consult with management and review project proposals to determine goals, period, funding limitations, procedures for accomplishing projects, staffing requirements, and allotment of resources.
Independently research and evaluate innovative technologies.
Collect, analyze, and report on network and server utilization, up-times, system backups and recovery.
Written over 100 process, procedures, and Infrastructure documents to create new documentation library.

Mercy Hospital HQ 11/2018 – 02/22/2020
Lead Systems Administrator
Managed Servers, Storage, OS and Applications to ensure availability, recoverability, performance and integrity through production support and maintenance of systems.
SME for Snow License Manager and Inventory Manager – 4 upgrades and configurations in addition to full support of tool. Maintain and support VM Servers as well.
Surveyor – Monitor and Support. Implemented Upgrade and configuration to policies including 3 upgrades and migrations
Verdiem – Monitor and Support. Implemented Upgrade and configuration to policies including 3 upgrades and migrations
Absolute Tool – Support and maintain software and the VMs they reside on.
Heavy documentation of processes and procedures to SharePoint and OneNote
Serves as highest level technical resource for an enterprise-wide application
Provides expert technical advice and counsel to management and to less experienced systems analysts
ServiceNow Ticketing responsibilities and integration (API) with other tools
Microsoft SQL Studio – Heavy usage running queries and exporting data
VMware vSphere monitoring of Asset Management VMs
Recommends systems integration required to support business applications needs
Develops implementation plans and ensures integration
Performs lead role in reviewing vendor proposals and making recommendations
Leads implementation and deployment efforts on complex projects
Recommends process improvements and technology automation
Serves as lead resource for dealing with overly complex technical and/or business issues.
Applies advanced knowledge in a primary Team and general knowledge in multiple relevant Teams to create solutions for complex business situations
Demonstrates success leading teams or collaborating with business partners and peer-level professionals from other IT Teams from Mercy or vendor or consulting organizations
Mentors peers to acquire fine points of professional practice
Operates under limited direction
Work closely with BAs and all other teams within Mercy to share data and updates
Software Rationalization and report comparisons
Project Management scope, objectives and client requirements
Estimates resource requirements for large projects involving multiple-departments, platforms, technologies, executive sponsors, or particularly high-risk business problems
Accountable for addressing customer needs through individual action or with a “warm handoff.” Proactively seeks to expand relationships with customers and identifies business needs that require cross-department, overly complex solutions

Kelly IT/ Centene Corp 01/2018 – 10/2018
Systems and Security Endpoint Engineer

Support ServiceNow ticketing system by resolving team issues. 313 closed for the month of July
Nexpose – Scanning servers to identify, evaluate, treat, and support security vulnerabilities.
Training for “Tenable” as we move away from Rapid7/Nexpose.
Create and maintain team Confluence page for the purpose of documentation and collaboration
Sophos – Respond to alert emails regarding devices missing the Endpoint Agent or did not update.
We use this for MAC users ONLY
Troubleshooting problems with the help of Event Logs and Manage task, events, and alarms.
Manage monthly security/vulnerability patching for Windows and Linux
SolarWinds configuration, monitoring, administration, and support. Assisted in the creation of our team SolarWinds page, Networking and SOC with Dashboards, charts, data, and alerts.
Checkpoint Smart Console – Full disk encryption, Media encryption, USB exceptions
Absolute – Define Onboarding documentation as we transition to support endpoint security solution for device security, data security and asset management of endpoints. Support issues when they arise. Adding our team DL to alerts, adding/deleting users, preparing for Geofence modifications.
Splunk administration and training
CB Defense/Carbon Black – Training and preparation to onboard this tool for our team
McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator – Remove Servers from McAfee Console from Boulder decommission Open/Work/Close CTASK Tickets
Trend Micro Deep Security – Antivirus scanning and adding Linux or Windows policies, antivirus exclusions
Tanium – In team meetings as we prepare for transition and deployment. Training as well
Blue Coat Malware Analysis – Run scans for software evaluations
Working Incident Response issues
CyberArk Privileged Account Security to view and create accounts and passwords
Health Checks to team Servers both Linux and Windows. Proactively identify potential system issues
Keeping up to date on Centene training and any other training required for my position
Ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams and must be flexible enough to deal with different technical skill sets and dynamic work environment and schedules
Working with Runbooks to merge into our new SolarWinds landing page
Serve as technical and operational support for technology infrastructure for a variety of locations, departments, and operating systems. Responsible for protecting the production environment against unplanned downtime and that support needs are resolved in a timely manner. Providing outstanding service to our customers (both internal/external).
Build W2k8 R2 and W2k12 windows server to company standards. (physical/virtual)
vSphere, vCenter, vMotion, vRealize and many other facets of the VMWare platforms
ESX Console troubleshooting using VMware ESXi Command line
Troubleshooting problems with the help of Event Logs and Manage task, events, and alarms.
Setup files shares on file servers and assigned permissions, managed user security and distribution groups in Active Directory
NetApp SAN administration and troubleshooting
Administer DNS Zones (internal/external) – Site5 service for pure DNS purposes of URL and Vanity redirects
Robocopy for file transfers
Meridian Medical Technologies/Pfizer. 08/2017 – 12/2017
Systems Admin, Network Engineer, IT Business/ Service Mgmt. (6-month contract)

Supports the configuration and manages all aspects of the Pfizer St. Louis Manufacturing Business Technology Server Infrastructure.
Skype for Business 2015 implementation and configuration
Management hardware/software/OS administration for Windows 2003/2008 and 2012 Servers
Shavlik - Directs the build and installation of new business software releases, system upgrades, evaluates and installs patches and resolves enterprise application related issues.
DNS/DHCP cleanup and maintenance
Support of 400+ VMs and 8 ESX Hosts
Utilized Microsoft SCCM for updating the Windows server population, as well as distributing applications. This also includes usage of baselines for maintaining server consistency
Ensures proper maintenance of server and application documentation including procedures.
SolarWinds/SMARTS- Configures and manages systems monitoring with performance, takes corrective actions to return systems and applications to normal business service levels.
Server administration with physical servers and VMWare – specifically Microsoft platforms
Support backup processes using Commvault.Develop future backup procedures and optimizations. (Migration to VEEAM)
Installing and configuring ESXi 6.0.
Cloning virtual machines and using templates in VMware vSphere 6.0
Monitored system performance both at software and hardware levels
Worked with Virtual machine snapshots preserve the state and data of a virtual machine and create snapshots, restore any snapshot in the snapshot hierarchy, delete snapshots etc
Managed VMware ESXi hosts using vSphere client
Created and imported virtual machines using different guest OS and OVF templates and updated it on frequent basis.
Managing VPN user and RSA Secure ID Software Token
Implementing windows Group policies on server 2012.
Implementing, managing and administering user and email accounts, network file share rights, and security roles by performing account and system administration (Active Directory accounts, application and system accounts, passwords resets, etc.)
Enterprise incident and problem management activities using HP Service Center
Maintain ticketing system - Respond to issues, requests, or outages.
Isle of Capri Casino Headquarters
Full Time – Sr. Systems Administrator 11/15 – 07/17
(Company was acquired and positions moved to Reno Nevada)

Perform installation, configuration and administration of Microsoft server technologies including but not limited to Active Directory Domain Services, Group Policy Objects, Exchange 2010/1013, TCP/IP, RAID configuration DNS, DHCP, IIS, IP addressing maintenance, DHCP, DNS, SCCM, SAN, RDP, Terminal Services, Security and Policy enforcement, Server Management, SQL Server, File Services, and Application Server Services
Build, Support and Maintain Microsoft Windows Server 2016, 2012 R2 and 2008 R2
Perform all Server builds to Dell ProLiant Servers and Virtual Machines (VMs)
Managed server population consisting of approximately 200 Windows servers and 6 VMware hosts - extensive knowledge of VMware environment configuration
Successfully led a major migration of the new Dell R730 Hardware, Dell Compellent SAN, and Distributed Switches for upgrade to VMWare VCenter/vSphere from 4.1 to 6.0 environment. - created new naming conventions for various objects in vSphere/vCenter to allow readability of environment - created post build host configuration process using PowerCLI, much like current VMware host profiles.
PowerShell and Exchange PowerShell scripting (very entry level). Not an expert but willing to learn more
Monitoring data center storage systems to ensure elevated level of data quality, availability, and security
SCCM 2012 - Monitor, support and create device collections and push software.
Support and troubleshoot Sophos Endpoint Security, Commvault, Exchange Server 2010/2013, Ops Manager, Dell OMSA, Websense, Bit locker and other related Sys Admin tasks
Dell TPAM Account Privilege Access Configuration and Implementation
Dell Compellent SAN and ESXi 6.0 upgrade. Conversion from Hyper-V to ESXi Hosts via V2V/P2V process
Successfully implemented many Windows server applications in all facets of casino technologies including Bravo Pit, CMS, Cognos, Cool Signs, Kiosk, LMS, Rainmaker, Micros, Slot Systems, Table Manager, Stratton Warren, and Securix door code software.
Assist in the upgrade/implementation of Microsoft Exchange 2010 to 2013 (11-week project)
Microsoft Exchange Mail server - Configuring and Managing User Mailbox, Manage Database.
Configure Microsoft Outlook client - Manage Mailbox, Archiving mailbox
Maintenance and Support of our Datacenter/Infrastructure hardware to St. Louis Headquarters and 14 remote Casinos
Hardware and Software installs, configurations, and support.
Commvault Server Build/ Upgrade to 14 Casino Properties (not backups, just installing and configuring)
Decommission of 2 Casino properties from acquisition
Provide System and Network support to unsure the customer requirements and company goals are met Data Analysis and cleanup
Consult with internal/external departments to interpret IT needs and provide solution options
Hold 5 state Gaming License’s
Manage LUNs and drive
Contact this candidate