Tulasi Tedla Mobile: - +91-766******* DevOps/Cloud Engineer E-mail: - ad4iim@r.postjobfree.com
CARRER OBJECTIVE:
To Serve the organization as an efficient Devops Professional which will enable to contribute the acquired technical skills & enhance further technical abilities which can result in continuous learning that simulate professional and personal growth.
EXPERIENCE SUMMARY:
•Highly motivated passionate having 5.3+ years of experience in several phases of the Software Development Life Cycle where my main area of expertise & specialized skills is in Build & Release Engineering that includes DevOps, Build Automation & Management, Software Configuration Management, Release Management, Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery. (CI/CD)
•Extensively worked Jenkins for CI and for End-to-End automation for all build and deployments.
•Involved in Installing Jenkins on a Linux machine and created a master and slave configuration to implement multiple parallel builds through a build farm.
•Experience in implementing Continuous Integration and deployment using CI Tool Jenkins & configuration management tool Ansible.
•Setting up of Maven, Tomcat and Jenkins on Linux server.
•Ability to build deployment, build scripts and automated solutions using scripting languages such as shell scripting.
•Environment provisioning solutions using Ansible.
•Good knowledge over creating and maintaining the infrastructure on AWS services such as EC2-Instances, AMI, IAM, ELB, EBS, S3, CloudWatch and Cloud Formation Template
•Installing and configuring application on AWS EC2 Instances.
•Creating IAM Users and Groups and Maintaining the user Access management and Permissions.
•Knowledge on creating AMI (AWS Machine Image) that utilizes ELB (Elastic Load Balancer) and Auto Scaling.
•Design highly available, cost effective and fault tolerant systems using multiple EC2 instances, Auto scaling, Elastic Load Balancer and AMIs.
•Experience using monitoring solutions like CloudWatch, ELK Stack, and Prometheus.
•An understanding of writing Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC), using tools like CloudFormation or Terraform

•Working on Devops Ansible playbooks and manage systems configuration.
•Automated the Cloud deployments using Ansible and AWS Cloud Formation Templates.
•Having experience in creating custom Docker Images using Docker file. Helped Development teams by automating the environment setup using tools like Docker and Ansible.
•Actively involved in various project requirement analysis in addition to project development activities.
•Creating IAM Users and Groups and Maintaining the users Access management and Permissions.
•Excellent working knowledge on various virtual systems/ like Docker, Virtual box technologies using Docker Files.
•Implemented CI/CD Pipeline Using Jenkins, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes using Groovy, YAML and Manifest files.
•Involved in designing Jenkins’s configuration with Master/Slave architecture and installation of Docker, Maven, Kubernetes along with Configuration on AWS EC2 instance
•Involved in Jenkins and GitHub administration by creating users, Repositories and allocating permissions accordingly.
•Creating Yaml Templates for main services for reuse the current environment or to easily modify the current environment.
•Leveraged Docker Engine to run Multiple Tomcat Instances as Containerized App Servers.
•Creating Shell Scripts for making Automation of processes regularly used like disk clean up, storage of database and disk space monitoring along with triggering email notifications.
•Automated various service and application deployments with Ansible on RHEL.
TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating Systems
Windows, Red Hat Linux, UNIX, Centos
Database
MySQL
Application Server
Apache Tomcat
Version Control Tool
GIT, GITHUB, BITBUCKET
Continuous Integration Tool
Jenkins
Configuration mgnt Tools
Ansible, Chef
Build Tool
Maven,bulid chains
Scripting Tool
Shell Script, Python and GROOVY
Process
Agile (Scrum Team)
Monitoring Tools
Nagios, CloudWatch, Splunk
Cloud Environment
AWS, GCP
DevOps Tools
Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, Maven, Jenkins, Chef, Ansible, and Docker, SonarQube, Nexus, Terraform.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Currently working as Software Engineer with BLUE YONDER (JDA), Bangalore OCTOBER 2017 to Till Date.
EDUCATIONAL SUMMARY

Examination
University/Board
Year
M.Tech (EMD)
JNTU (Kakinada)
2015
B.Tech(EEE)
JNTU (Kakinada)
2012
Higher Secondary
AP State Board
2008
High School
AP State Board
2006

Project Profiles:
Project 1: Insurance Management System
Client : National Commercial Bank
Details : Retail Banking/Corporate Banking
Role : DevOps Engineer
Tools/Environment : Linux RHEL, GitHub, Maven, build chains, SonarQube,
Ansible, Docker, Terraform, Bitbucket, Nexus, Jenkins.
Responsibilities:
Designing and implementing fully automated server build, management, monitoring, and deployment solutions spanning multiple platforms, tools and technologies including Jenkins, Docker, Ansible, SSH, Amazon EC2 and packaging, deployment, and testing.
Designed, Installed, and Implemented Ansible configuration management system
Working on source control tools like GIT, GITHUB
Provided framework for automated deployment in Tomcat environment.
Containerizing applications with Docker. Responsible for managing the Docker private registry.
Worked on installation of Docker using Docker toolbox
Created Docker files and build images and push to the Docker private registry
Worked on creation of custom Docker container images, tagging, and pushing the images.
Experience in DevOps Engineering in automating, building, and deploying of code within different environments (Dev, QA, and Prod).
Installed and configured Nagios monitor tool performance on all nodes.
Remotely coping files using SFTP, FTP, SCP, and WinSCP.
Handled Major Incidents along with P2, P3 & P4 Priority Cases. Monitoring tools like Nagios.
Analyze the requirement changes.
Track resolve and report issues in accordance with the existing error reporting/tracking process Handle responsibilities installing operating system and application software responsible for creating and maintaining user accounts in Red Hat enterprise Linux and other operating systems.
Handle tasks of installing maintain and configuring computer software systems Wrote custom scripts and automated tasks to free up research and project time.
Implement operating system enhancements to improve reliability and performance of the system
Performed SCM tasks, such as branching and merging code from various development branches onto test branch and from test branch onto main branch, apply labels and promotion of versioned files, code freeze during installs to development environments and others.
Worked with development engineers to ensure automated test efforts are tightly integrated with the build system.
Supported configuration management activities for projects as well as provide support to both the software development and the production support environments.
Provided estimates to project managers and others regarding task durations for testing, installation, and packaging.
Defined and employed common approach for processes such as build schedules, deployments, release requests, environment outage tracking and resolutions.
Investigated and resolved issues with applications in lower cycle environments to maintain fully functional stable site during testing.
Project 2: Data View
Client : WALMART
Details : Retail
Role : Build Middleware Infrastructure Engineer
Tools/Environment : Jenkins, Docker, Maven, Ansible, Git, & Linux, bitbucket.
Description:
WALMART is the world's number 1 in the retail domain. Wal-Mart has 7323 stores and its employ more than 1.9 million associates, and it is serving more than 179 million customers a year. Wal-Mart has thousands of products available online and its website has 106 million page views per day. The project involves maintenance & support for very large and complex middleware infrastructure for their store operations, distribution centers and their internal home Office systems.
Responsibilities:
Attending Kick off meeting with Application team to understand application requirements.
Preparing Infrastructure Design Doc for Test, Stage and Production environments.
Setup Test, Stage and Production environments, apply Fix/Refresh Pack, configuration, deployments, web server configuration, Performance tuning.
Reviewing the Load test in stage environment through HP Performance tool.
Troubleshooting of WebSphere Application Server and Applications
Analysis of JVM logs, Trace logs, native logs, java core, heap dumps, access, activity logs
Installing and renewal certificate
Deploy the packages-based request from development team on respective environment.
Communicating with the team on the status of the task.
Communicating with client regarding the status on daily basis.
Supported development sprints by automating instance provisioning using cloud formation and code deployments using Jenkins, and Git hub.
Involved in Installing Jenkins on a Linux machine and created a master and slave configuration to implement multiple parallel builds through a build farm.
Used Jenkins for Continuous Integration and deployment into Tomcat Application Server.
Created users, repositories, branching, tagging, patch fixes, pull request, and trained users on the Git version control system.
Monitored the automated build and continuous integration process to ensure correct build execution and facilitate resolution of build/ release failures.
Performed build and release of all software cycles engineering, test, production, update, patches, and maintenance.
Experience in designing, building, maintaining, and coordinating an automated build/ release from development to production environment that also satisfies the internal audit and compliance.
Set up of Application environment which includes installation of products like Apache Tomcat server on UNIX, Linux, and Windows platform.
Installed, configured and administration of Tomcat Application Server Network Deployment on Linux and Windows Server.
Deployment activities in production.
Project 3: WMS
Client : Warehouse management
Role : Devops Engineer
Tools/Environment : Jenkins, Maven, Ansible, Git, & Linux, bitbucket.

Responsibilities:
Worked on warehouse management projects where there are customers like Walmart,Google,DHL, ITC etc.
Preparing Infrastructure Design Doc for Test, Stage and Production environments.
Worked on Release management for on demand customer patches.
Handled Major Incidents along with P2, P3 & P4 Priority Cases
Experience in DevOps Engineering in automating, building, and deploying of code within different environments (Dev, QA, and Prod).
Installed and configured Nagios monitor tool performance on all nodes.
Remotely coping files using SFTP, FTP, SCP, and WinSCP.
Track resolve and report issues in accordance with the existing error reporting/tracking process Handle responsibilities installing operating system and application software responsible for creating and maintaining user accounts in Red Hat enterprise Linux and other operating systems.
Deploy the packages-based request from development team on respective environment.
Communicating with the team on the status of the task.
Used Jenkins for Continuous Integration and deployment into Tomcat Application Server.
Created users, repositories, branching, tagging, patch fixes, pull request, and trained users on the Git version control system.
Monitored the automated build and continuous integration process to ensure correct build execution and facilitate resolution of build/ release failures.

Declaration:
I hereby declare that all the information given above are true to best of my knowledge and belief.

Date:
Place: T.Tulasi
Contact this candidate