Karthik Gubba Email:ad4mzk@r.postjobfree.com
Cloud Engineer Phone No: 408-***-****
LinkedIn URL: linkedin.com/in/karthik-gubba

Professional Summary:

An IT Professional with over 13 years of pioneering experience in Cloud Engineering, Linux System Administration and secure solutions for diverse technical landscapes. Seeking career advancement with an esteemed organization to leverage my extensive background in DevOps engineering, cloud technologies, system administration, and automation to contribute innovative solutions and streamline development operations, ultimately enhancing organizational efficiency and success in dynamic IT environments.
Setting up and building AWS infrastructure using resources like VPC, EC2, S3, IAM, EBS, Security Groups, Autoscaling, and RDS in CloudFormation JSON templates.
Experience in using IAM to create and manage AWS users and groups to allow permissions or deny their access to AWS resources. good Knowledge using AWS Lambda for server-less computing using python and java.
Experience in Infrastructure Development and Operations involving Public Cloud like AWS Cloud Services, EC2, EBS, VPC, RDS, SES, ELB, Auto scaling, CloudFront, Cloud Formation, Elastic Cache, API Gateway, Route 53, Cloud Watch, SNS.
Good working experience on DevOps tools such as Chef, Virtual Box, Jenkins, Confidential, ANT, GIT, Ansible, Puppet, Gradle, SVN, Kubernetes and Docker. Experience dealing with Microsoft Azure IaaS - Virtual Networks, Virtual Machines, Cloud Services, VPN, Resource Groups, Express Route, Load Balancing, Application Gateways, Auto- Scaling, Traffic Manager.
Created Automated pipelines in AWS Code Pipeline to deploy Docker containers in AWS EC2 using services like CloudFormation, Code Build, Code Deploy, S3 and Puppet.
Successfully moved a physical data center to Amazon Web Services (AWS) via cloud migration, and possess solid knowledge of public, private, and hybrid cloud environments.
Deploying AWS EC2 instances with Auto scaling groups and Load Balancers in a freshly formed VPC, as well as using Lambda Functions to trigger events based on Dynamo database requests.
Implementing and optimizing GCP services to improve the overall infrastructure. Using GCP tools and resources to optimize data storage, processing, and application deployment.
Experience in Ansible setup, managing hosts file, Using YAML linter, authoring various playbooks and custom modules with Ansible and Ansible Playbooks to automate in AWS services like Launching EC2, Provisioning IAM, Configuring VPC, EBS Monitoring using Cloud Watch and Cloud Trail.
Experience working with log monitoring tools syslog and ELK Stack (Elastic search, Logstash, Kibana), also used Cloud Watch, Nagios, New Relic and Splunk for monitoring.
Exposure to development and modification of SQL queries and stored procedures to meet business requirements and achieve desired performance and Having knowledge on NoSQL databases like Cassandra, HBase and MongoDB.
Experience in Agile Testing Methodologies and Software Test Life Cycle (STLC).
Experience in using Confidential and Artifactory Repository Managers for Confidential and Ant builds.
Good understanding of OSI model, TCP/IP suite.
Strong ability to troubleshoot any issue generated while building, deploying and during production.
Experience in load balancing and monitoring with Nagios and Splunk, ELK. Implemented ELK stack (Elastic Search, Logstash and Kibana) for log indexing.
Involved in setting up JIRA as a defect tracking system and configured various workflows, customizations, and plugins for the JIRA bug/issue tracker.
Experience in Installation, Configuration, Backup, Recovery, Maintenance, support and Creating Linux Virtual Machines using VMware Virtual Centre (ESXI), hypervisor-v and PHP Virtual Box.
Managing and operating global data centers across diverse platforms through an automation framework in a hybrid cloud architecture, ensuring seamless operations. Driving initiatives for data center consolidation, optimizing resources, and enhancing overall operational efficiency.
Designed and engineered network security-based implementation to meet firewall policies set forth by auditing groups at client data centers.
Working knowledge of Entrust suite of PKI products like Security Manager, Administration Services, Security Manager Proxy, with directory products (LDAP), like Active Directory, PKI-based protocols, SSL and TLS, HTTP, LDAP.
Provided automated, scalable solutions using tools like AWS, Terraform, Kubernetes for end-to-end reliability and scalability of automated deployments and continuous improvement with high availability, high productivity.
Experience in Administering Linux with Exposure to scripting languages such as Ruby, Perl, Power Shell and wrote multiple scripts in python to schedule cron jobs for monitoring server resources, CPU usage.
Expertise in configuration and setup of the alerting and monitoring and tools according to the requirement like Prometheus and Grafana to set up alerts and deploy them over multiple dashboards for individual applications.
Utilizing knowledge of OS, virtualization, containerization, storage, and application platforms. Working with development teams to modernize product deployment, configuration, and test practices to an Infrastructure as Code model, integrating the process into Dev/QA/Build cycles.
Experience using Nagios monitoring system and different Bug Tracking Tools like Remedy, Jira, ServiceNow.
Extensive experience in installing, configuring, troubleshooting, maintaining, implementation, and support on Red hat Linux, CentOS, SUSE and Ubuntu.

Skills:

Cloud technologies
Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP), OpenStack.
Operating Systems
Linux (Red Hat 4/5/6/7, CENTOS & SUSE), Solaris 11/10/9/8, Ubuntu 12/13/14, Windows servers, Windows 2000, XP, Windows 7.
Build Tools
Maven, Apache Ant, Packer,
Logging/Monitoring
Splunk, ELK, Nagios, CloudWatch, JIRA, Confluence
Orchestration
Kubernetes, Docker Swarm, Cloud Formation, ARM Templates, Terraform
Infrastructure
Management
Terraform, Cloud Formation, Ansible
Virtualization
Virtualization KVM, VMware, Xen, vSphere 5.x, Datacenter Virtualization, Virtual Box, Power VM and Nutanix
Tools
VERITAS NetBackup, Jira, Service Now, BMC Remedy, Ansible, Nagios,Rubrik
Protocols
SSH, NIS, NFS & DNS, DHCP, WAN, TCP/IP, SMTP, LAN, FTP/SFTP. and Firewalls
Storages
EMC Symmetrix/Clariion, Netapp, Vplex, IBM XIV

Professional Experience:
Client: TIBCO Software Inc., CA April 2018 to Till Date
Lead AWS Cloud Infrastructure
Responsibilities:
Experience in Amazon Web Services (AWS) provisioning and good knowledge of AWS services like IAM, EC2, Elastic Load-balancers, Elastic Container Service, S3, CloudFront, Elastic File system, VPC, Route53, OpenSearch, Glue, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Cloud Formation.
Deploy and monitor scalable infrastructure on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and configuration management instances. Manage servers on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform using Ansible Configuration management tools. Create instances in AWS and move data from the data center.
Involved in Planning, deploying, monitor, and maintain Amazon AWS cloud infrastructure consisting of multiple EC2 nodes and Vm's as required in the environment.
Create scalable and highly available AWS apps with CloudFormation, EC2 Auto Scaling groups, and ELBs while adhering to compliance and security guidelines.
Build resilient backup and DR systems for workloads using S3, storage gateway, EFS, RPO-RTO best practices.
Managing Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure with automation and orchestration tools such as Ansible/Docker/KUBERNETES.
Implemented and maintained the monitoring and alerting of production and corporate servers/storage using AWS CloudWatch /Splunk and assigned AWS elastic IP addresses to work around host or availability zone failures by quickly re-mapping the address to another running instance.
Implemented proactive monitoring and alerting systems utilizing Prometheus, Grafana, and the ELK Stack. Resulted in faster issue detection and resolution, reducing mean time to resolution.
Configured AWS IAM and Security Groups in Public and Private Subnets in VPC.Managed IAM accounts and IAM policies to meet security audit & compliance requirements.
Provided high durability of the available data using data storage in the AWS S3 bucket, versioning S3, lifecycle policies. Also, web hosting the data from the S3 bucket by creating URLs.
Utilized AWS CLI to automate backups of ephemeral data-stores to S3 buckets, EBS and create AMIs for mission-critical production servers as backups and used AWS Beanstalk for deploying and scaling web applications and services developed.
Managed AWS infrastructure as code (IaaS) using Terraform. Expertise in writing new python scripts in order to support new functionality in Terraform. Provisioned the highly available EC2 Instances using Terraform and cloud formation and Setting up the build and deployment automation for Terraform scripts using Jenkins.
Designed AWS Cloud Formation templates to create custom sized VPC, to set up IAM policies for users, subnets, NAT to ensure successful deployment of Web applications, database templates and Security groups.
Worked on google cloud platform (GCP) services like compute engine, cloud load balancing, cloud storage, cloud SQL, stack driver monitoring and cloud deployment manager.
Setup GCP Firewall rules to allow or deny traffic to and from the VM's instances based on specified configuration and used GCP cloud CDN (content delivery network) to deliver content from GCP cache locations drastically improving user experience and latency.
Install, maintain and upgrade Drupal and Word press on LAMP stack and Configured LAMP Stack on Unix/Linux servers.
Worked on GKE Topology Diagram including masters, slave, RBAC, helm, kubectl, ingress controllers GKE Diagram including masters, slave, RBAC, helm, kubectl, ingress controllers.
Designed Devops workflow for multiple applications by orchestrating Test, Build, Release and Deploy phases through various CI/CD pipelines using Git, Jenkins, Docker, Chef, Ansible & Cloud formation tools.
Spearheaded the strategic planning process for migrating InfluxDB from on-premises infrastructure to cloud platforms, conducting comprehensive analysis of existing infrastructure, data volumes, and performance requirements.
Provisioned and configured cloud infrastructure resources, including virtual machines, storage volumes, and networking components, to support InfluxDB workloads.
Configure with different artifacts to make an image and deploy Docker image to install the application on an instance, maintain and troubleshoot for any user issues or network problems.
Installed and Implemented Ansible configuration management system. Used Ansible to manage Web applications, Environments configuration Files, Users, Mount points, and Packages also Worked with automation/configuration management using Ansible and created playbooks in YAML to automate the development processes.
Created and deployed Kubernetes pod definitions, tags, labels, multi-pod container replication. Managed multiple Kubernetes pod containers scaling, and auto-scaling.
Deployed and configured Elastic search, Fluentd and Kibana (EFK) for log analytics, full text search, application monitoring in integration with AWS Lambda and X-Ray.
Configured the logs using Prometheus locally and Forwarding the logs to Splunk using Fluentd.

Client: Cisco Systems, CA April 2015 to April 2018
Sr. AWS Cloud Engineer
Responsibilities:
Migrated services from a managed hosting environment to AWS including service design, network layout, data migration, automation, monitoring, deployments and cutover, documentation, overall plan, cost analysis, and timeline.
Supported AWS Cloud environment with AWS servers and configured Elastic IP, Elastic Storage, Load balancing, Security groups and Network ACLs, S3 buckets for logs.
Worked on blue/green deployment strategy by creating new applications which are identical to the existing production environment using Cloud Formation templates &amp, Route53 weighted record sets to redirect traffic from the old environment to the new environment via DNS.
Involved in Planning, deploying, monitor, and maintain Amazon AWS cloud infrastructure consisting of multiple EC2 nodes and Vm's as required in the environment.
Integrated AWS Code commit with Jenkins for continuous integration and deployment, this automates the deployment of new revisions of applications i.eWhenever there is a code change, Jenkins used to build the WAR file and deploy to the Application Server (AWS EC2 instance).
Managed the AWS Lambda Functions configuration information based on requirements and built lambda functions using Node.js, Python and Java.
Managed AWS Cloud Formation templates to create custom sized VPC, subnets, NAT and Route53 to ensure successful deployment of Web applications and database templates.
Responsible for ensuring Continuous Delivery/Continuous Integration across all environments from UAT/TEST to Pre-Production and Production using Jenkins, TeamCity and Concourse.
Designed and architected cloud application deployment in OpenStack with Nova, Neutron, Keystone command line clients.
Deployed and managed many servers utilizing both traditional and cloud-oriented providers (AWS) with the Ansible Platform and written playbooks for various DB configurations to modularize &amp, optimize project configuration.
Built and configured a virtual data center in the AWS cloud to support Enterprise Data Warehouse hosting including Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), Public and Private Subnets, Security Groups, Route Tables and Elastic Load Balancer.
Implemented and maintained the branching and build/release strategies utilizing GIT source code management.
Implemented and managed CI/CD pipelines using AWS Code Pipeline, AWS Code Build, and Jenkins, automating build, test, and deployment processes for cloud-native and legacy applications.
Automated Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment with Jenkins, build-pipeline-plugin, Maven, Docker, GIT, setting up Jenkins master/slave to distribute builds on slave nodes.
Adept at managing and maintaining Linux-based systems, ensuring optimal performance, security, and reliability. Performed tasks such as system installation, configuration, troubleshooting, and system updates.
Encapsulated Vagrant for standardized deployment infrastructure, enabling tools like Docker. Designed Cloud Formation templates for creating VPC, Subnets, and NAT to ensure successful deployment of web applications.
Collaborating with other teams and team members to develop automation strategies and deployment processes using various automation tools.

Client: Disney, CA July 2012 to April 2015
UNIX/Linux Administrator
Responsibilities:
Administered and provided support for Unix Servers, managing diverse platforms such as SUSE, Red Hat Linux, and CentOS. Created virtual machines for SUSE, and Red Hat Linux on VMWare ESX 5 and 6.0, ensuring efficient utilization of resources.
Develop installer scripts using Ant, Python, UNIX for various products to be hosted on Application Servers.
Deployed Red Hat Linux Enterprise Server versions 5.x and 6.x and created Kickstart images for different versions, streamlining the server provisioning process.
Configured volume groups and logical volumes, and extended logical volumes for file system growth needs using Logical Volume Manager (LVM) commands.
Develop installer scripts using Ant, Python, UNIX for various products to be hosted on Application Servers.
Updating YUM Repository and Red Hat Package Manager (RPM).
Expertise in Configuring NFS, DHCP and DNS, LDAP, and Mail servers on servers.
Providing day-to-day user administration like adding or deleting users, password aging, and software upgrades/patches, troubleshooting of servers.
Experience in VMware virtualization and Linux/Unix administration.
Experience in configuring and managing Global File System (GFS) and Zeta File System (ZFS).
Written/edited scripts for user administration, automation, system maintenance, security management, and information gathering using Perl, and Shell (Korn, sh, Bash).
Disk mirroring and RAID (0/1/5) implementation using LVM.
Configure Web Logic, WebSphere servers, and APACHE and TOMCAT Server with JAVA Application tools on Red Hat and HP UNIX Servers environment.
Experience in EMC CLARIION SAN, NAS installed & configured, implemented clustering, high availability (HA), and Failover.
Developed Linux, UNIX, Perl and Shell Scripts and AWT programming for manual deployment of the code to various environments.
Scheduling of automatic repetitive Jobs, and Shell Scripts with Crontab.
Experience in installation and Configuration of the Mail server.
Monitored the system performance and the kernel tuning to enhance the system performance.
Solid knowledge in adding EMC, and XIV Luns to the Oracle RAC clusters environment.
Performed storage migration from XIV to VPLEX on Red Hat Linux servers.
Participated in root-cause analysis of recurring issues, system backup, and security setup, Worked in 24X7 support in Production and development environments.
Troubleshooting various problems when working with Installing and configuring OS and network devices remotely on various sites.
Worked in a data center for the rack and stack of the new physical servers.
Performed lift and shift server migrations from one data center to another data center.
Supported Java and J2EE applications and trained developers regarding server login commands.
Installed & Configured CA Access control tools to authenticate the servers using the AD accounts.

Client: Honeywell, Delaware Jan 2011 to July 2012
System Administrator
Responsibilities:
Installation, Configuration and Upgrade of Red Hat Linux Operating Systems.
Installed base OS and configured Network services including Teaming/Bonding.
Utilized kick-start file for installing predefined partitions, sizes, modules, and drivers for Red Hat Enterprise Linux installation.
Created Virtual server on VMWare ESX/ESXi-based host and installed operating system on Guest Servers.
Configured volume groups and logical volumes, and extended logical volumes for file system growth needs using Logical Volume Manager (LVM) commands.
Configured Storage (internal & SAN) and Multipath on several Servers.
Responsible for upgrades to Red Hat Linux with Software packages, and patches and maintained them by established policies, procedures, and service level agreements.
Maintaining appropriate file and system security, monitoring and controlling system access, changing permission, ownership of files and directories, maintaining passwords, assigning special privileges to selected users controlling file access, and monitoring the status of the process to increase the system efficiency.
Installed Patches on Servers by using the patch link server.
Installed NETIQ agent and generated reports on several servers.
Experience in building Linux servers by using VMware ESX 5.0 and being involved in Channels, pushing the packages in Red Hat Satellite Server.
Maintained and troubleshooted switch and application network connectivity, UNIX infrastructure, including DNS, DHCP, LAN, and TCP/IP issues, accounts, and security for all application servers.
Providing day-to-day user administration like adding or deleting users, password aging, and software upgrades/patches, troubleshooting of servers.
Experience in adding and configuring devices like hard disks and backup devices etc. Performed Setup and configured NetBackup server/client & tape libraries.
Complete periodic checks of production and development systems, CPU utilization, memory Profiles, disk utilization, network connectivity, system log files, etc.
Troubleshooting various problems when working with Installing and configuring OS.

Education Summary:
Masters in Computer Engineering
Bachelors in Computer Engineering.
Contact this candidate