Nora Luna
208-***-**** ad53e4@r.postjobfree.com nora-luna.com github.com/per-sephone
Multifaceted Computer Scientist with an inquisitive and entrepreneurial spirit. Adept at interdisciplinary projects, blending technical expertise with passion for exploration. Striving to build robust and secure cloud infrastructure, while fostering meaningful connections and enhanced collaboration. EDUCATION
Portland State University
Master of Science: Computer Science, Software Engineering & Cybersecurity Graduate Certificate Graduated Magna Cum Laude
Portland State University
Bachelor of Art: World Languages, Spanish
Graduated Magna Cum Laude
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
HP June 2023-Present
Cloud Engineer
● Engineered scalable and reliable cloud infrastructure solutions, ensuring high availability and performance optimization to meet business needs and accommodate exponential growth in user traffic, serving 17,000 subscribers in the first 3 months of production.
● Enhanced service capabilities to accommodate multiple authentication types, optimizing security and flexibility for onboarding of newly developed services, while maintaining backwards compatibility of legacy services.
● Facilitated onboarding and comprehensive support for 30+ services across the HPOne ecosystem, serving as a centralized hub for customer support.
● Implemented infrastructure as code principles within Azure Pipeline to automate software build, deployment, and release processes, configuring pipelines for optimal performance and efficiency, resulting in reduced manual intervention and streamlined system optimization.
● Proactively monitored system performance utilizing Splunk, promptly investigating alerts and orchestrating triage and remediation.
Cloud Engineer Intern
● Engineered scalable, containerized microservices to facilitate seamless invoice generation and integration of GoogleOne into HPOne's infrastructure solutions.
● Enhanced the microservice quick-start template, yielding a reduction of approximately two weeks in development time for each new service deployed.
● Elevated customer satisfaction levels by spearheading the development of an intuitive "easy-delete" feature, empowering customers to autonomously manage their GoogleOne subscriptions, thereby streamlining the user experience and reducing dependency on customer support services.
CAP October 2022 – March 2023
Web Development Intern
● Constructed internal websites for new employee orientation for efficient onboarding of ~20 new employees each month.
● Designed and implemented digital org charts for 9 departments, resulting in streamlined communication and transparency within the company.
● Worked in tandem with IT to troubleshoot and resolve technical issues that resulted in 100% operation efficiency and no downtime.
Computer Action Team September 2022 – June 2023
Information Technology Desktop Support Apprentice
● Delivered technical support to ~2800 students and faculty in College of Engineering.
● Simplified complex concepts and procedures ensuring accessibility for all users of diverse technical backgrounds and offered guidance on industry best practices.
● Initiated the setup and maintenance of a Kali Linux server for 126 students in Cybersecurity Club, providing a dedicated platform for learning and experimentation.
Persephone’s Pets July 2021 – June 2023
Owner/Operator
● Established and operated a pet care business, successfully generating revenue within the first year of entrepreneurship, demonstrating effective business planning and execution.
● Successfully built the business from scratch by developing a solid client base and establishing a reputable brand in the local market by providing exceptional customer service, communication, and building strong relationships with clients.
● Developed and implemented effective financial management practices which resulted in 100+% growth of profits each year of operation.
Lifeworks NW January 2020 – September 2021
Client Advocate
● Provided direct support for 60 clients accessing mental health services, employing effective communication and collaboration to address client needs comprehensively.
● Redesigned program documents, including client handouts, program infographic cards, and informational materials, resulting in 600% increase of client engagement in program.
● Led collaboration with a multidisciplinary team of 15 other healthcare professionals, including therapists, case workers, and psychiatrists ensuring HIPAA compliance and resulting in increased client satisfaction with treatment. PROJECTS
Portfolio Website
HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript
Built and deployed a website highlighting professional skills. Dream Journal
Python, Google Cloud Platform, OAuth2
An AI-powered dream journal using Google’s sentiment analysis API and OpenAI’s DALLE image generation API. Deployed here (Google login required)
SnakeSynth
Python
A music synthesizer that supports MIDI and playing via the graphical interface. Holistic Herbal Encyclopedia
Go, SQL
A web app encyclopedia that provides information on medical herbs and how to properly use them. Appointment Keeper
Java, Android
An Android app appointment book with persistent storage. Life
Rust, Microbit
Embedded software that plays the game of life on the microbit v2. Rust Secret
Rust, SQL
An anonymous secret posting website where strangers can connect, based on postsecret.com WikiWatcher
Python
A REST API for retrieving and displaying data about the history of edits made to an article or by a user on Wikipedia. Blind SQL Injection
Python
Programmatically solves the Blind SQL Injection with Conditional Responses level of Portswigger using a binary search brute force algorithm.
QUALIFICATIONS
Languages/Frameworks: Python, C, C++, Java, Springboot framework, Go, Gin framework, Rust, Scala, SQL, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap framework, Javascript, Typescript
Tools: MongoDB, Docker, Azure, Splunk, Jira, AWS, GCP, Kubernetes, Android Studio, Git, Google Cloud Platform, AWS Additional Skills: Cybersecurity, DevOps, Full-stack Development, Cloud Development, Deployment, Scalable Cloud Infrastructure, Software as a Service (SaaS), Infrastructure as Code, (IaC) REST APIs, Microservices Architecture, Container Orchestration, AWS Lambda, Serverless Computing, Model-View-Controller architecture, Embedded Development, CI/CD, OAuth2, Digital Signal Processing, Algorithms, Version Control
Contact this candidate