SANDEEP CHINTA
Cloud Engineer Email: ad5dn0@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 682-***-****

IT professional with 12 years of Information Technology industry proficiency with ability to
accomplish all aspects of the software configuration management (SCM) process, systems deployment engineering (SDE), AWS and DevOps in CI/CD pipeline, Build/Release management and Systems Engineering.

Summary:
●Extensive proficiency in Centos/RHEL/Unix System Administration, System Builds, Migrations, Server Builds, Installations, Upgrades, Patches, Migration, Troubleshooting.
●Designing and developing new back-end services, maintaining, and expanding AWS infrastructure.
●Good Proficiency in Build and Release Management, Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery and Configuration Management.
●Migrated applications from DXC and other public clouds to AWS.
●Proficiency in implementing AWS Well Architected Framework
●Proficiency on AWS Cloud Services as IAM, CloudFront, CloudTrail, CloudWatch, Cognito, Lambda, API Gateway, Event Bridge, ECS, EKS, Fargate, System Manager, EC2, EBS, RDS, S3, Guard duty, Security Hub, Load Balancers, Security Groups, Auto Scaling Groups, Route Tables, Route53, VPC, Firewalls, CloudFormation, CDK, SNS, SQS, SES, Redshift, DynamoDB, Aurora, Kinesis, and EFS.
●Proficiency on Application Deployments & Environment configuration using Ansible.
●Proficiency in Author Cloud Formation and Terraform Scripts to automate resource provisioning.
●Proficiency in Network concepts.
●Proficiency in Troubleshooting AWS related Network issues.
●Proficiency in AWS Security technologies such as IAM, Guard Duty, Inspector, System, and patch manager etc.
●Implemented end-to-end CI/CD pipelines using Terraform, ensuring automated provisioning and deployment of infrastructure.
●Designed and Implemented CI/ CD Pipelines and MLOps Pipelines through Code Pipeline, Code Build, Code Deploy, GitHub.
●Implemented Sage maker as a Platform for Data Scientists to work on.
●Proficiency in automation of setting up highly available applications through ECS Cluster by making use of Docker Images pushed to ECR Repos.
●Proficiencies on Setup and build AWS infrastructure various resources VPC, EC2, S3, EBS, Security Group, Auto Scaling, RDS etc., in Cloud Formation JSON/YAML templates.
●Proficiency in providing 24*7 support to development teams based out of AWS.
●Leverage Kubernetes for the runtime environment of the CI/CD system to build, test deploy.
●Implemented a Continuous Delivery pipeline with Docker, and GitHub and AWS
●Configuring and updating JSON files to create new stacks for Deployment using Docker Marathon.
●Implemented rapid-provisioning and life-cycle management for Centos/RedHat using AmazonEC2, Chef, and custom Ruby/Bash scripts.
●Proficient in Author scripts to automate simple tasks (Python, Yaml, Bash etc.)

Professional Proficiency:

AWS Cloud Engineer
Magellan Health, Frisco, Texas, USA Sep 2021 – Present
Responsibilities:
●Working proficiency in the Design of Multi Account Landing Zone.
●Automated AMI Update process using SNS, Systems Manager, Event Bridge Rules, Auto Scaling Groups, Documentation.
●Using Veracode tool to generate Vulnerability report stored in S3 bucket. Whenever Event Bridge new code checked-in and Monthly Scan reports generated using Code Build, Code Pipeline, S3, Event Scheduler.
●Orchestrated on blue & green deployment in AWS ECS.
●Create and maintain highly scalable and fault tolerant multi-tier AWS environments using CloudFormation and Terraform.
●Actively participated in the Design of Multi Account Landing Zone.
●Developed an infrastructure as a code using Terraform while applying a fully modularized approach.
●Implemented end-to-end CI/CD pipelines using Terraform, ensuring automated provisioning deployment of infrastructure.
●Expertise in leveraged Terraform cloud for collaborative infrastructure management, version control, and state management.
●Managing of the resources in EC2, ECS, S3, EBS, VPC, ELB, CloudFront, CloudFormation, Cloud Trail, RDS, Elastic beanstalk, CloudWatch, Lambda, Route53, Redshift, Glacier, SES and IAM.
●Managing AWS Vault (IAM, KMS, STS, MFA, IAM (Roles, Policies and Permissions), AWS Access Control List (ACLs) and Security Groups.
●Create and maintain a secure, scalable cloud infrastructure.
●Oversaw setting up dashboards in CloudWatch to get OS level metrics and setting monitoring to alert on resources availability.
●Proficiency in CloudFront, CloudWatch, open-source frameworks for logging and monitoring Prometheus, and Grafana
●Documenting run books to enable effective operational support activities when incident and problem management activities occurred.
●Evolve and maintain key enabling technologies to support the business needs to integrate processes, information flows and applications to ensure alignment across the enterprise to sustain operations.
●Automate tasks using Lambda, Python and BOTO3 for Cost Optimization.

DevOps Engineer
LOYALTYMETHODS, Dallas, Texas, USA Jan 2017 – Aug 2021
Responsibilities:
●Proficiency in setting up High Available Architecture Application using Auto Scaling Groups.
●Proficiency in troubleshooting ECS Services issues.
●Proficiency in Controlling operations and maintenance of infrastructure in AWS.
●Experienced on Author CloudFormation script for Cross-region replicant for S3 Buckets.
●Proficiency in Author python codes to automate operational activities like rotating AWS Access Keys, terminating unused resources, stopping unused resources etc.
●Proficiency in Author CloudFormation scripts to deploy resources using Json/yaml code.
●Proficiency in deploying Applications in Blue/Green deployments.
●Proficiency in building resources like docker images, AWS infra through Jenkins pipelines.
●Proficiency in Implemented CI/CD Pipelines and MLOps Pipelines through Code Pipeline, Code Build, Code Deploy, GitHub.
●Proficiency in GitHub.
●Proficiency in Linux Administration.

Linux Admin
Southern Online Bio Tech Ltd, HYD, India May 2011- Dec 2014
Responsibilities:
Respond to tickets using ServiceNow, calls or emails, perform triage, perform resolution, and ensure user satisfactions.
Update Windows Active Directory to unlock account or update profile.
Create new Lan user accounts or update profile.
Supervise group policies, print services, and file shares.
Monitor and enforce the Agency’s automated systems and electronic data records using SQL and Oracle.
Document Known system issues and escalated them to the IT Director and/or MIS administrators for resolutions.
Management and modification, and maintenance of RHEL/CentOS systems.
Proficiency with managing Active Directory accounts with users and groups.
Backing projects and initiatives relating to end user support functions.
Proficiency in doing backups with tar, zip and cronjob.
Understanding of securing system through SE Linux and firewalls.
Collaborate to the design and deployment of new infrastructure projects such as FTP, NFS, and NTP.
Leveraged ticketing and Knowledgebase systems in accordance with change management processes.
Certifications:
●AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate.
●AWS Certified SysOps Administrator Associate.
●HashiCorp Certified Terraform Associate.

Education:
Master’s Silicon Valley University, San Jose, CA, USA. 2015-2016
Bachelors Dr. SGIET, AP, INDIA. 2005-2010
Contact this candidate