AWS SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT CLOUD ENGINEER

Dynamic and innovative professional with a strong foundation in designing and implementing complex cloud-based solutions for diverse business environments. Adept at developing customized architectures that align with business goals, leveraging a broad range of AWS services to deliver secure, scalable, and highly available solutions. Expert at optimizing cloud costs while maintaining performance and reliability, with a focus on continuous improvement and innovation.

Demonstrates ability to adapt to new technologies, while also leveraging good architectural knowledge to design cloud-native solutions, integrate third-party platforms, and deploy business software at scale based on customer requirements. A proactive leader with exceptional communication skills, committed to collaborating with cross-functional teams and stakeholders to deliver exceptional results.

CORE SKILLS & COMPETENCIES

Cloud Architecture
Cost Optimization
Technical Leadership
Infrastructure Design
Solution Implementation
Project Management
Data Management
Security Architecture
Analytics & Insights

ACADEMIC ACCOMPLISHMENTS

AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate Amazon Web Services Training & Certification Mar. 2023

Acquired two years of hands-on experience studying for the AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate exam, with a strong focus on cloud design, AWS solutions, cloud data and infrastructure, migration, and comprehensive cloud services and architecture. Demonstrated ability to optimize these verticals to drive business acceleration and growth.

Relevant Coursework: Data Access & Governance AWS Technologies AWS Key Management Service AWS Global Infrastructure AWS Managed Services AWS Compute Services

Key Skills Acquired:

Security Architecture: Expertly employed AWS security best practices to IAM users and root users, including the implementation of multi-factor authentication (MFA), AWS federated access, and identity services including AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) and AWS Single Sign-On (AWS SSO).
System Architecture: Designed and implemented event-driven architectures, as well as horizontal and vertical scaling techniques to support dynamic workloads. Delivered event-driven, microservice, and multi-tier architectures based on complex business requirements, with a focus on scalability, reliability, and high availability.
Cloud Scaling: Applied hybrid storage solutions to meet complex business requirements, leveraging AWS storage services and technologies. Skilled in decoupling workloads to allow individual components to scale independently, identifying key metrics and conditions to perform scaling actions in response to changing workload demands.
Cost Optimization: Strategized and designed efficient storage solutions, utilizing various techniques, including batch and individual uploads to Amazon S3, evaluating and determining the most cost-effective method of transferring data for workloads to AWS storage while maintaining optimal performance and reliability.

TECHNICAL ACUMEN

Configuration Management
Ansible Chef/Puppet Shell PowerShell
AWS Services
EC2 ELB ECS RDS Lambda API Gateway Route53 S3
Automation Deployment
Kubernetes Docker EKS ECS
PaS Services
RDS Lambda API Gateway Redshift Glue

Contractor/AWS Solution Architect Associate NETISTICS Houston-TX Apr. 2023 – Present
I’ve been working on project that contains of AWS Services such as, EC2, ELB, ECS, RDS, Lambda, API Gateway, Route53, S3. In addition to Automation Deployment such as, Kubernetes, Docker, EKS, and ECS.

Cathodic Protection Inspector South Oil Company Iraq Jan. 2014 – Jun. 2016

Overview: Performed Cathodic Protection inspection duties in challenging oil field environments with top-tier industry leaders such as Shell, Exxon Mobil, and BP across various oil fields in Iraq, ensuring the integrity of pipes, and detecting and preventing corrosion from compromising their performance and safety. Conducted rigorous data analysis to identify and mitigate corrosion risks, leveraging cost optimization techniques to ensure cost-effective and efficient operations.

Key Responsibilities (as Cathodic Protection Inspector):

Metrics Analysis: Oversaw and managed a wide range of critical metrics, including pipe thickness measurements at 6 and 3-month intervals following installation, as well as detailed chemical analysis of the pool size and materials. Conducted meticulous and frequent calculations of multiple metrics on a rotating schedule to ensure accurate and up-to-date data analysis.

Electrical Engineer South Oil Company Iraq Mar. 2011 – Jan. 2014

Assumed a vital role as Chief Engineer Assistant and was responsible for designing electrical systems for a diverse range of projects, including residential housing, GIS labs, and Bio/Chemical labs. Developed a broad range of transferable skills with a primary focus on design and infrastructure, demonstrating expertise in the use of various tools, software, hardware, and other essential components of the design process.

Key Responsibilities:

Design Lifecycle: Conducted comprehensive data analysis to identify key project requirements and stored the data in AutoCAD for visualization purposes. Pursued cost optimization opportunities through a meticulous evaluation of project design to identify areas of improvement and cost savings, proposing potential redesigns as necessary.
Cost Savings Techniques: Developed innovative solutions to address operational inefficiencies or pain points, conducting a thorough evaluation of potential waste areas. Explored opportunities to optimize materials, design, and other variables, engaging with stakeholders and gaining a deep understanding of their specific requirements.

EDUCATION

University of Basra

Bachelor's degree, Electrical and Electronics Engineering 2004 - 2007
Contact this candidate