Leonardo Galletti Vivo
PERSONAL DETAILS
Leo, ** years
Italian / Brazilian
CONTACT
+39-377-***-****
+55-19-999******
/in/leonardovivo
ad5urk@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
As a seasoned Cloud Software Architect and Software Engineer with over 13 years of experience, I have been at the forefront of driving innovative technology solutions and architectural strategies in the tech industry. My journey has been marked by leading product architecture. A significant achievement of mine is my contribution to the CloudFix's solution design and implementation, which achieved over USD $100M in AWS cost savings by optimizing cloud costs and enhancing performance, incorporating AI mechanisms to further refine efficiency and output quality.
EXPERIENCE
Senior Cloud Architect, Trilogy (05/2023 - 10/2023) Bridging the gap between portfolio managers and engineering was one of the most important responsibilities as a Senior Cloud Architect at Trilogy. It involved acting in multiple parts of the "Product x Engineering" complete workflow.
Designing Solutions Architecture: (Re)Designed solutions that guaranteed the portfolio of products (150+) were designed and build based on strong foundations to blow the mind of our customers.
Building products: Contributed to the development of strategic products, i.e. CloudFix, which achieved over USD $100M in AWS cost savings by optimizing cloud costs.
Deep diving deliverables: Deep understanding and source code evidence-based investigation to ensure delivered products were built respecting the defined solutions architecture and that all requirements (N)FRs were delivered.
Deep diving products: Evaluation of products through deep diving repositories and identifying existing tech debit to guide the decision of moving forward with a company acquisition, or turn it down. Cloud Architect, Trilogy (01/2018 - 04/2023)
Ensured the company's portfolio of products delivered outstanding solutions by:
Designing Solutions Architecture: Defined solutions that guaranteed products were designed and implemented using correct and outstanding solutions.
Taking Technical Lead: Evaluated solutions defined by the team or solutions architects to ensure the best solutions were defined and that all important areas were covered. As part of the review, I also coached architects on best Cloud practices by providing useful insights and technical facts.
Optimizing processes: Definition, implementation, and implementation of processes optimizations and automations that reduced work latency and improved quality.
Software Architect, Aurea Software (02/2017 – 12/2017) As a Software Architect working with a high availability stateless Java rest service product in AWS:
Defined Solution Architecture: Defined the product solution which affected the implementation, preventing rework.
Contributed to building the solution: Implemented new services, and improved performance and definition of existing APIs, applying standards that delivered both low-complexity and high-quality code covered with unit and functional tests.
Reviewed peers' PRs: Enforcing quality and functional coverage by reviewing engineers' work, requesting changes to functional requirements and/or coverage where needed. Senior Software Engineer, Encora (11/2014 – 02/2017) Designed and built realtime systems for TELCO companies (Bandwidth Telecom and British Telecom), built products using Java, Spring, Maven, Hibernate, Mockito, JUnit, Powermock, Jersey, Jetty, Logback and other java based frameworks. For the Cloud development, made use of Amazon Based infrastructure using EC2, S3, RDS, ElastiCache, Route53, CloudWatch, SQS, etc to deliver modern cloud-based systems.
Software Engineer, Embraer S/A (06/2013 – 11/2014) Performed project management and built both new software and new features for existing aircraft and maintenance procedures software using Java, Spring, Hibernate, Jersey, JUnit, Mockito, Powermock, Maven, Tomcat, Oracle, Logback, Lucene, Logback, JSF, and other java related frameworks.
Software Engineer, Ci&T Software (01/2012 – 06/2013) Designed reusable components and built web projects using Java and frameworks like Spring, Hibernate, Spring MVC, JUnit, Maven, Websphere, in an agile environment to provide high-performance features to users that interact with Coke promotions. Internship, Ci&T Software (03/2010 – 12/2011)
Built and integrated auto parts companies systems using VB6, C#, VB.NET, ASP.NET and Oracle 8-11. EDUCATION
Computer Engineering, Pontifical Catholic University of Campinas (01/2007 – 12/2012) LANGUAGE
Portuguese: Native language
English: Professional spoken and written
Contact this candidate