Samuel Ewelike AWS Cloud Engineer
ad6440@r.postjobfree.com 214-***-****• Clarksville, TN
AWS Cloud Engineer with 5+ years’ experience in cloud development, migration and implementation of various cloud management products and services. Highly skilled and experienced in architecting and automating integral deployments over big infrastructure, thereby helping clients break through barriers to innovation and transformation.

Education & Certification
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate

Higher National Diploma – Civil Engineering, Federal Polytechnic, Ilaro, Ogun State. Nigeria.

Professional Experience

AWS Cloud Engineer Reenver Consulting – Dallas, TX Dec. 2021 – Present

Build and improve the reliability and performance of cloud applications and cloud infrastructure deployed on Amazon Web Services
Create and attach volumes onto EC2 instances and make sure all attached volumes have EBS snapshots initialized
Create VPCs and attach all applicable components needed to build a fault tolerance and highly available environment
Apply Auto Scaling and Elastic Load Balancing to create high availability and fault tolerance to EC2 instances
Install and configure Apache, Nginx, Drupal, and WordPress on Ubuntu and Amazon Linux instances
Run Infrastructure as code using Terraform for various CSP’s and CloudFormation scripts to build AWS Infrastructure and resources
Launch and configure local and external database servers on EC2 and RDS instances
Experience working with tools like Git, Jenkins, Ansible and Jira.
Implementing CI/CD using Jenkins and GIT that reduced human error and sped up production process. Successfully created and maintained automated CI/CD pipelines for code deployment using Jenkins while automating the deployment process.
Provision user accounts using IAM in collaboration with enterprise Active Directory.
Worked with various scripting language like Python and Bash
Perform full AMI backups for all provisioned instances for critical workloads
Manage security keys using AWS KMS to manage cryptographic keys to control user access in a wide range of AWS services
Perform system monitoring using Nagios, CloudWatch and New Relic
Participate in change management on JIRA to help track daily work activities
Deployed and managed applications running on a mix of Kubernetes and AWS.
Creating local cluster and applications deployment into containers. Building and maintaining container clusters managed by Kubernetes, Linux, Bash, GIT and Dockers.
Led a team in Migrating all applications from ECS to EKS
Launch and configure LAMP application on EC2 instances and perform various software installations.

AWS Cloud Engineer LEK Consulting – Boston, MA March 2019 – Nov. 2021

●Implemented automation of infrastructure on the AWS Cloud using CloudFormation templates, deployed LAMP web apps on Amazon Linux instances, provisioned EC2 instance, created S3 buckets with bucket policy, build RDS database, DynamoDB tables, and assess applications for exposure and vulnerabilities with Amazon Inspector.
●Hosted several web applications (e.g., a PHP-MySQL demo app) on Amazon’s Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) service to provide secure, resizable compute capacity in the cloud. Also used Amazon’s EC2 Auto Scaling to help maintain application availability and to automatically add or remove EC2 instances according to conditions I defined.
●Engineered Continuous Integration (CI), and Continuous Delivery (CD) using Code Pipeline and Code Deploy.
●Deploy code via GIT and worked with the DevOps team to help push codes to GitHub.
●Setting up Sonarqube and integrate with Jenkins.
●Automated infrastructure on AWS using Terraform and Ansible.
●Python Scripting and Automation: Regular expressions, website crawling, document parsing.
●Set up GIT repositories and SSH Keys in GitHub for Agile teams.
●IAM administration (created users, groups, roles, policies), build VPC with custom Network Access Control List and Security Groups, site deployment on Elastic Beanstalk, S3 static site hosting, launched EC2 instances using Bootstrap. Deployed scalable and highly available sites using Autoscaling group and Application Load Balancer.
●Using AWS Budgets to set custom budgets for tracking costs and usage of resources in an AWS account. Setting up alerts by email when actual or forecasted cost and usage exceed budgeted threshold.
●Assisted with monitoring AWS services and resources using CloudWatch, CloudTrail, AWS Config, and AWS SNS.

Technical Proficiencies
Amazon Web Services • EC2 • S3 • VPC • CloudFormation • Elastic Load Balancer • Auto Scaling • Elastic Beanstalk, CloudFront • CloudWatch • CloudTrail • SNS • EBS • Lambda • RDS • DynamoDB • CI & CD processes• Elastic File System (EFS) • Route 53 • IAM (best practices) • Certificate Manager (ACM) • CLI • Bash/Shell Scripting • Python • Microservices (Dockers and Kubernetes)
Contact this candidate