ANUPAMA BABU
ad6d0s@r.postjobfree.com • 469-***-****
SUMMARY OF SKILLS
Around 12 + years of IT experience as a DevOps / Cloud Engineer for implementing CI/CD pipelines and automating the entire cloud infrastructure process utilizing tools like GCP, Ansible, GitHub, ASP.NET, Maven & Jenkins.
Experience in cloud technologies on AWS and GCP Platform.
Experience in working on Terraform And Openshift for provisioning the environments in GCP.
Experience in using Ansible for configuration management.
Experience in working on source control management tools like Subversion (SVN) and GIT.
Extensively worked on Jenkins for continuous integration and for End-to-End automation for all builds and deployments.
Experience with deploying and managing CI pipeline with Jenkins and CD (continuous delivery) using Spinnaker.
Expert in deploying the code through web application server Apache Tomcat.
Extensive experience using Maven as a Build Tool for the building of deployable artifacts (war & ear) from source code.
Experience in administration, configuration, and Maintenance of Nexus Repository Managers and JFrog artifactory for Maven builds.
Proficient in managing Unix/Linux systems, including installation, configuration, troubleshooting, and maintenance.
Utilized Splunk to monitor applications deployed on application server by analyzing the application/server log files.
Worked with Container based deployments using Docker with Docker images and have a good knowledge on
Microservices architecture using Kubernetes.
Ability in development and execution of Shell/Bash and Python scripts.
Expertise in trouble shooting the challenges generated while building and deploying applications.
Passionate with a strong desire to continuously learn and embrace new technologies.
Collaborated closely with Project Manager, Developers, QA & Production teams to align Project deliverables, dates & report issues/concerns and participated in weekly on-call rotation.
Communicated with teams/customers to ensure high quality and timely delivery of builds and releases.
Used Jira as Ticketing System Tool to handle the issues/tasks/service requests created by multiple team members across the project.
Involved in Biweekly Scrum calls as part of AGILE/ SCRUM model methodologies.

Technical Skills

BUILD TOOLS
Maven
DATABASES
Cassandra, ElasticSearch, Oracle, MYSQL, ASP.NET
SCRIPTING LANGUAGES
Shell /Bash, Python, YAML, Groovy
SCM TOOLS
SVN, GIT
MONITORING TOOLS
Cloud Watch, Splunk
CONFIGURATION MANAGEMENT
Ansible
OPERATING SYSTEM
Linux, Unix, Windows
CONTAINERIZATION TOOLS
Docker, Kubernetes
CLOUD SERVICES
AWS, Azure
PRODUCTION SUPPORT / APPLICATION SERVER
Apache Tomcat
CONTINOUS INTEGRATION TOOLS
Jenkins

RELEVANT WORK EXPERIENCE

Client: Equinox Solutions Dallas, TX
Role: Senior DevOps engineer Sept 2023 - Present

Worked on Google Cloud Components, Google container builders, and GCP client libraries and cloud SDK’s.
Configured a Google Cloud Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) and Subnet Group for isolation of resources.
Architected the infrastructure on the Google Cloud Platform using GCP services and automated GCP infrastructure using Terraform, and Kinesis.
Configured and managed source code using Git and resolved code merging conflicts in collaboration with application developers.
Utilized Maven as a Build Tool for the building of deployable artifacts (war & ear) from source code.
Built the artifacts through the JENKINS CI/CD pipeline and resolved the issues occurred during the build process.
Worked with Ansible playbooks for virtual and physical instance provisioning, configuration management, patching and software deployment on AWS environments.
Collaborated with coworkers to facilitate the creation of large, complex developments as required.
Developed Continuous Integration using Git and Jenkins from scratch.
Responsible for performing tasks like Branching, Tagging, and Release Activities on GitHub.
Involved in Agile – Sprint methodologies to do requirements gathering, analysis, and planning.
Documented software design, development, and implementation using Confluence.

Tools: GCP, Ansible, Git, Docker, Kubernetes, Dynatrace, Azure,GitOps, Checkmarx, Akamai, ASP.NET, Confluence, Jenkins, Maven
Client: MuleSoft / Salesforce Dallas, TX
Role: Senior Devops engineer Jul 2022 – June 2023

Responsible for the migration of infrastructure, data and applications out of legacy data centers into cloud environment.
Proficient in AWS services to manage availability and latency in applications like VPC, EC2, S3, Load Balancer, DynamoDB, IAM, Route 53, EKS, GCP, CloudTrail.
Experience in creating multiple VPC’s and public, private subnets as per requirement and distributed them as groups into various availability zones of the VPC.
Created NAT gateways and instances to allow communication from the private instances to the internet through bastion hosts.
Utilized IAM for creating roles, users, groups and implemented MFA to provide additional security to AWS account and its resources.
Hands-on experience on Ansible as a Configuration management tool, to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploy critical applications and proactively manage change.
Experience reviewing and interpreting Nessus Vulnerability and Compliance scans.
Implemented Application server monitoring using Icinga2.
Created chocolatey packages of various software’s installed on Windows server for various workshops and uploaded the artifacts into Nexus Repository.
Used Bash and Python with Boto3 to supplement automation for tasks such as scheduling Lambda functions for routine AWS tasks.
Worked on SSH and RDP Gateway Infrastructure using technologies like Myrtille and Apache Guacamole.
Experience in writing Helm charts to install packages in EKS cluster.
Written Templates for AWS infrastructure as a code using Terraform to build staging and production environments.
Implemented domain name service (DNS) through Route 53 to have highly available and scalable applications.

Tools: AWS (EC2, VPC, ELB, S3, DynamoDB, GCP Route53, EKS), GIT, AWS CLI, Chocolatey, Unix/Linux, Shell scripting, Nexus, Jenkins, Checkmarx, Azure,GitOps,Ansible, Terraform, Kinesis, Nginx, Tomcat, Nessus, Icinga, Python,Boto3

Client: Apple Sunnyvale, CA
Role: Devops engineer Apr 2021 – Jul 2022

Experience in using Kubernetes to manage containerized applications and deployed application containers as Pods.
Mounted Volumes for application logs and configured environment variables in Kubernetes through ConfigMaps and Secrets.
Deployed SpringBoot Java application to Kubernetes using CronJobs.
Containerized the applications using Docker and implemented Docker container management by writing Dockerfile.
Maintained Artifacts in binary repositories using JFrog Artifactory.
Configured Webhooks in Github to trigger automated builds in Jenkins.
Created pipelines for deploying code from GitHub to Kube cluster in the form of Docker containers using Jenkins.
Enabled automatic deployments to Dev, QA and Sandbox environments and supervised deployment to Production using Spinnaker.
Managed and monitored the server and network infrastructure using Splunk and configured reports and alerts in Splunk.
Setup alerts and deployed multiple dashboards using Grafana to check the overall system health of individual applications in Kubernetes.
Configured pods to send log data to Splunk using Splunk forwarder sidecar.
Wrote queries to create, alter, insert and delete elements in Datastax Cassandra and analysed data for quick searching, sorting and grouping.
Implemented Kafka for collecting App activity and stream processing.
Upgraded Elasticsearch to 7.16 using a Rolling upgrade process.
Used queries and aggregations on the index in Elasticsearch using Kibana.
Worked closely with data centre for configuring VIPs, GCP,Load balancing and requesting firewalls.
Made changes in YAML files to allow/block particular IP addresses using node selectors.
Worked with an agile environment to deliver continuous integration/continuous delivery product using JIRA.
Wrote shell scripts to automate manual and repetitive tasks for creating branches, merging and resolving merging conflicts in Github.

Tools: Git, Jenkins, Spinnaker, Docker, Checkmarx, ASP.NET, Terraform, Openshift, Kube, Splunk, Grafana, Elasticsearch, Kibana, Cassandra, Dynatrace, Akamai, GitOps,Kafka, GitHub

Client: State of Maryland Linthicum Heights, MD
Role: Devops / AWS cloud engineer JUN 2019 – FEB 2021

Experience in planning, designing, consulting and implementation in areas of AWS Cloud.
Utilized Splunk as the monitoring tool for monitoring the servers.
Designed DevOps workflow for multiple applications by orchestrating Test, Build, Release and Deploy phases through various CI/CD pipelines using Git, Maven, Azure, GCP, Jenkins, Ansible, Docker & Kubernetes.
Configuration of Ansible modules for AWS cloud deployment.
Worked with Ansible playbooks for virtual and physical instance provisioning, configuration management, patching and software deployment on AWS environments.
Build the artifacts through JENKINS CI/CD pipeline and resolved the issues occurred during the build process.
Configured and managed source code using BitBucket and resolved code merging conflicts in collaboration with application developers.
Configured AWS ECS for deploying and orchestrating containers by defining tasks and services.
Deployed application which is containerized using Docker onto a Kubernetes cluster which is managed by Amazon Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes (AWS EKS).
Built the artifacts and deployed the applications in Docker Containers in an efficient way.
Configured ‘Kubectl’ to interact with Kubernetes infrastructure and used TERRAFORM, Kinesis, to launch a cluster of worker nodes on Amazon EC2 instances.
Used Apache Tomcat as the application server for the deployment of the code on Linux environments.

Tools: AWS, Ansible, Bitbucket, Sonarqube, GitOps, Akamai, Docker, Openshift, Kubernetes, JIRA, Jenkins, Maven, Nexus, Apache Tomcat.

Client: State of Connecticut Hartford, CT
Role: DevOps Engineer JAN 2018 – MAY 2019

Configured and maintained user accounts for Dev, QA, and production teams and created roles for EC2, S3, and Cloud Watch resources to communicate with each other using IAM.
Build the deliverable artifacts using MAVEN as a build tool in Jenkins for Java applications and deploy them to various environments and implemented & maintain the Branching and Build/Release strategies.
Used Maven for building the applications and developing the build scripts.
Installed Jenkins on a Linux machine and created a master and slave configuration to implement multiple parallel builds through a build farm.
Used Jenkins for Continuous Integration and deployment into the Tomcat Application Server.
Configured and managed jobs in Jenkins. Set up jobs for auto-deployment.
Administered, and created projects, and users and took care of access controls in GitHub.
Proposed different branching strategies for GIT to support the parallel development for various projects.
Created custom shell/python scripts for various automation purposes.

Tools: AWS, Nexus,Git, Python, Shell scripting, Akamai, Sonarqube, Dynatrace, GCP,ASP.NET, Terraform, JIRA, Jenkins, Maven, GitHub

Client: BioReference Laboratories Elmwood Park, NJ
Role: Devops Engineer Jan 2016 – Dec 2017

Developed and supported the Software Release Management and procedures.
Responsible for design and maintenance of the Subversion/GIT, Azure, Repositories, Terraform, and the access control strategies.
Worked with Subversion, Proposed and implemented branching strategy suitable for agile/scrum development in a fast-paced Engineering Environment.
Performed all necessary day-to-day Subversion/GIT support for different projects.
Implemented & maintained the branching and build/release strategies utilizing Subversion /GIT.
Implemented the migration of SVN to GIT.
Efficiently performed the task of resolving conflicts while merging in Subversion with the J2EE development background.
Performed merges and executed builds on a pool of dedicated build machines.
Involved in periodic archiving and storage of the source code for disaster recovery.
Used MAVEN as a build tool on Java projects for the development of build artifacts on the source code.
Developed build and deployment scripts using MAVEN as a build tool in Jenkins to move from one environment to another environments.

Client: Con Edison Manhattan, New York
Role: Devops Engineer Jun 2015 – Oct 2015

Involved in editing the existing MAVEN files in case of errors or changes in the project requirements.
Automated the build and release management process including monitoring changes between releases.
Deployed the Java applications into Tomcat web application servers.
Executed user administration and maintenance tasks including creating users and groups, reports, and queries.
Worked as a system administrator for the build and deployment process for DEV and TEST, ASP.NET, Dynatrace Environments.
Expert in User Management and Plugin Management for Jenkins.
Documented the project’s software release management procedures with input decisions.
Developed, maintained, and distributed release notes for each scheduled release.
Provided periodic feedback on status and scheduling issues to the management.
Created END-END Automation with CI Procedures using Jenkins.
Worked with Development Team Leads and Testing teams to establish a build schedule, Terraform, Kinesis, and execute the builds and troubleshoot build failures, if any.
Coordinate with the Development Teams to receive the correct versions of reusable and dependent components and with the Environment team for issuing/installing successful builds.

Client: Emblemhealth Manhattan, New York
Role: Devops Engineer Mar 2014– Apr 2015

Developed and maintained cooperative and collaborative relationships with networking, storage, software development, and project management teams.
Monitored production systems, applications, and network performance through the use of various Network Management and Application Monitoring Tools.
Developed tools/scripts to automate integration with other IT tools in support of accurate asset management, cyber reporting capabilities and to manage licenses.
Worked with software developers and Quality Assurance to seamlessly migrate applications from development to QA and production.
Provided support to customers running RedHat Enterprise Linux on their workstations and simulation servers.
Identified and drove continual improvement programs in the UNIX environment and improved service efficiency.

Client: Department of Health, State of New York Albany, New York Role: DevOps Engineer Jun 2013 – Feb 2014

Worked closely with other IT departments to help determine and develop systems that will be implemented.
Troubleshooted Unix-related issues.
Worked on NFS issues like mount problems, deadlocks, Terraform, check-autofs.
Checked Apache & mail logs to troubleshoot web server and mail server related issues.
Wrote bash shell scripts on local setups to automate jobs.
Updated check-decklists
Built new servers with respect to company-defined policies.

Client: Micropower Career Institute Manhattan, New York
Role : DevOps Engineer Dec 2011 – May 2013

Installed, configured, and supported Micropower’s local area network (LAN), GCP,wide area network (WAN), Internet and network systems.
Maintained network hardware and software.
Monitored network to ensure network availability to all system users and performed necessary maintenance to support network availability.
Supervised other network support and client server specialists.
Planned, coordinated, and implemented network security measures.
Engaged in the development and creation of software and systems consistent with the company’s hardware and
software requirements.
Reviewed computer system capabilities, workflow and information processing systems to develop effectiveness.
Developed new systems to improve inventory, billing and accounting.
Upgraded the system and resolved errors to maintain the system after implementation of new information and computer requirements.

ADDITIONAL CERTIFICATION
CKA Certified Kubernetes Administrator, 2021
AWS Certified SysOps Administrator (Associate), 2020
ISTQB Certified Tester Foundation Level (CTFL), 2012
CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate), 2007
MCP (Microsoft Certified Professional), 2007

EDUCATION
MES College of Engineering, Calicut University Kerala, India Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science & Engineering 2006
Contact this candidate