Nabeel Ahmed
Aubrey, TX
SUMMARY
During my job experience, I had practical skills with interesting technologies, tasks, and people. In the whole role of my IT practice include building and supporting web SaaS solutions based on Linux/Unix platform in a cloud (AWS) and on premises, experience on server infrastructure migration, monitoring and securing, LAMP, and Linux Server setup/administration. Takes the form part in automating, supporting and to ensure CI/CD in product developing.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
6 + years of total IT experience in administration, analysis, design and maintenance of client/server and web applications 5+ years in practicing DevOps, CI/CD, Infrastructure automation, quality engineering and release management.
Strong exposure to creating Docker images and docker containers.
Extremely experienced with encryption and password protection using Hashi Corp and CyberArk.
Experience in various roles as DevOps, Cloud Engineer, Build and Release Engineer with excellent experience in Software Integration, Configuration, Packaging, Building, Automating, managing, and releasing code from one environment to other environment and deploy to servers, support, and maintenance under Unix/Linux/VM's Platforms.
Excellent understanding of SCM tools such as SVN, Git, Bitbucket and GitHub.
Strong exposure to both AWS and Azure cloud platforms.
Strong hands-on experience in scripting languages such as .Net, JSON, YML, Shell scripting
Extensive experience in setting up CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Jenkins, TeamCity, Maven, Nexus, Slack, and VSTS.
Experience in integrating code quality tools such as SonarQube, JaCoCo, Veracode in CI/CD pipelines.
Strong exposure to configuration management tools such as Ansible, Puppet, Terraform and Docker.
Strong knowledge on practicing TDD, automating Junit tests using Maven in Jenkins.
Strong knowledge in Tomcat, WebLogic servers on different OSs like Windows, Linux VMware, UNIX and Solaris platforms.
Participated in the release cycle of the product which involved environments like Development, QA UAT, and Production.
Worked with project documentation and documented other application related issues, bugs on internal wiki website.
A highly motivated, energetic individual, a team player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills with availability for most weekends and holidays.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Sr. DevOps Engineer
Wells Fargo - Charlotte, NC
September 2019-May 2024
Wells Fargo is one of the "Big Four Banks" in United Sates with the employee rating of 3.6+. As a Sr. Operation Engineer, I am part of 6 members Build Engineer team. My role has different areas to assist and work which includes tracking Jira for daily encryption routine, handling Change Tasks, updating records and maintaining numbers, deployments, troubleshooting, updating/ maintaining internal tools for the bank IT operations.
Responsibilities:
Using U Deploy (current tool), Azure, PCF (Pivotal Cloud Foundry) and Antilipo (in the past) for production deployments for the ODS and Java Applications.
Service Now for managing and tracking the change task related to Deployments.
Diligently Encrypting for dot net connection strings using internal procedure for Bank applications and used tools to store passwords in the vaults.
Pulling codes from the GIT and SVN repositories to work on encryptions.
Used Jenkins to run the Supplemental builds for the respective application.
Helped teams to configure the automated deployments using SSP tool.
Setting up Jenkins master, adding the necessary plugins and adding more slaves to support scalability and agility.
Running the supplemental build to test the environment.
Worked on integrating GIT into the continuous Integration (CI) environment along with Jenkins.
Decommissioning servers, manual staging using WIN SCP tool, installing/ renewing certificates, manual deployments.
BCP (Business Continuity Planning), serving as the main BRC for our application to represent in the procedure to perform in the disaster recovery.
Used HashiCorp, CyberArk and Jfrog to gain passwords for the .net application.
Managing upgrades of Windows and Linux servers. Creatin NDM bin and key file for the windows and Linux server.
Firewall requests, proxy requests, adding CNAMEs for external and internal servers, managing and facilitating new hardware and software installations.
Great Understanding with all the framework tools and concept.
Jira to track our daily routine work and create tickets for respective teams.
Manage/mentor both onsite/offshore teams, creating folder structure, troubleshooting, reviewing logs.
Bringing offline servers online if the agents are down, running the SQL commands for testing the connection.
Enforced Test Driven development for the DEV teams for every sprint.
24/7 availability by remaining on call for most weekends and holidays, password keepers for the lower and Prod environments.

DevOps Consultant
JC Penny - Waxahachie, TX
July 2016-August 2019
I was responsible for managing Azure resources in cloud and maintain Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline for fast paced robust application development environment. As a team member, my responsibility was to implement DevOps transformation by working with Agile teams to migrate applications to Azure platform.
Responsibilities:
Setup repos on VSTS Git, merging code from develop branch to master branch and make it ready for deployment.
Migrated legacy applications to Microsoft Azure Cloud PaaS by setting up CI/CD pipelines on VSTS.
Created WebApps on Azure portal for deploying web applications using VSTS pipelines.
Created nightly builds with integration to code quality tools such as SonarQube, Veracode.
Helped teams to reduce defects rate by 30% by introducing TDD in the first 3 months.
Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds when conditions were not met.
Set up the SonarLint plug-ins in developer's workstation for detecting defects early during development.
Dockerized Springboot app by creating Docker file and automated docker image creation, image push into docker registry.
Implemented Release management workflow for QA, UAT and Prod environments.
Prepared and presented SCM best practices for implementing continuous integration for the team.

EDUCATION
Navarro College - Corsicana, TX
Associate of Applied Science
Applied Science

CERTIFICATIONS
Certified in DevOps
HONORS & AWARDS
Wells Fargo 5 years’ service certificates

SKILLS

Continuous Integration
Git
Business Continuity Planning (BCP)
Disaster Recovery
Cryptography
Firewalls
Java
Jenkins
Atlassian
JIRA
Linux Operating System
SQL (Structured Query Language)
Test Driven Development (TDD)
Microsoft Windows Operating System
Agile
Programming Methodologies
Software Development
Microsoft Windows
Azure
Cloud Computing
Continuous Deployment/Delivery
Reporting Dashboards
DevOps
Docker
Platform as a Service (PaaS) & Software as a Service (SaaS)
Quality Assurance
Release Management/Engineering
Acceptance Testing
Visual Studio Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) (fka Visual Studio Team System / VSTS )
Microsoft .NET
Ansible
Apache
Automation
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Bash Scripting
Configuration Management
Gradle
JBoss Application Server
JSON
JUnit
LAMP (Linux Apache MySQL PHP/Perl/Python)
Maven
MSBuild
MySQL
Oil and Gas
Oracle
PostgreSQL
Puppet (Configuration Management)
Unix Shell Programming
Oracle Solaris (fka Sun Microsystems Solaris)
Tomcat
VMWare
Web Server
Oracle WebLogic Server
Build Management
Team Lead/Manager
Hardware Installation
ServiceNow
Systems Administration/Management
Linux Administration
Server Support
Software Configuration Management
Test Automation
Contact this candidate