Zane Rockenbaugh
512-***-**** ad6lvt@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/zane-rockenbaugh liquid-labs.com github.com/liquid-labs Seasoned software engineer with diverse expertise encompassing system design, cloud services, data architecture, development, as well as CI/CD and DevOps. Skilled in Node.js, React, and SQL with proficiencies in numerous other technologies including Java, Go, GraphQL, Docker and various cloud services. Comfortable working individually and on cross-functional teams. Seeking to leverage broad technical experience to develop unique solutions and innovative products.
Expertise
Application development
● 100% project success rate in over a dozen projects in multiple domains.
● Spearheaded multiple rescue operations to rehab out of control code.
● Developed ground up, fine grained authorization system used by major US banks.
● Technical polyglot experienced in a myriad of languages and frameworks. Systems design & implementation
● Comfortable with a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
● Substantial experience with client-server, cloud, and microservice design paradigms.
● Managed design, implementation, and security for front-end and back-end systems.
● Knowledgeable in host vulnerability management, hardening, and OSSEC compliance.
● Extensive data design experience across multiple platforms. DevOps & automation
● Orchestrated numerous local and cloud based environment build+deploy pipelines.
● Experienced in both AWS and GCP cloud services, including IAM, compute, storage, and networking services.
● Developed complete SDLC co-pilot application to reduce development overhead. Experience
Liquid Labs liquid-labs.com 2003-Present
Founder and President
Managed a successful independent consulting and software development practice focused on greenfield development and project rescues.
● Successfully delivered on 100% of contracts.
● Attained 99.99% of fraud detection service uptime over 12 years by designing sustainable, easy-to-maintain software and maintaining a tidy operational environment.
● Generated $1.2M in sales over 6 months for the client by developing an online retail store: ObamaStoreOnline.com. Was able to launch on a short timeline by efficiently leveraging prior work.
● In 1 week, salvaged 1M+ lines of code for a $10M European social network startup.
● Within 1 day, analyzed and addressed major design and functional issues in a recipe and diet application.
● Saved $250,000 annually by developing and augmenting in-house process and automation software for a commercial print shop.
● Developed multiple, highly adaptable fine grained, SQL-based authorization systems. Mocapay mocapay.com 2019-2023
Security Officer 2021-2023
Built out a highly automated PCI DSS and SOC 2 compliance program from scratch.
● Created an additional ~2K hours of productive development time annually by reducing overhead.
● Designed and implemented a modern, highly automated change control process.
● Saved $300K+ annually by creating an integrated, fully cross-referenced data tracking system, allowing an individual to track and maintain compliance for hundreds of employees. Zane Rockenbaugh 512-***-****
● Averted $40K in cybercrime loss annually and drastically reduced “phishing prone” vulnerabilities through general security awareness training.
General Manager 2019-2021
Managed the critical project linking Mocapay to the Visa DPS network.
● Helped secure $10M in investments by expediting Visa network qualification process in 6 months (3x faster than normal) while simultaneously managing multiple critical sub-projects.
● Saved $250K in personnel costs by effectively and efficiently doing the work of 3 people. Motivote motivote.org 2017-2018
Chief Engineer of Code & DevOps
Provided rescue services to greatly expand reach and user communication to increase voter engagement.
● Quadrupled voter engagement in two weeks by restructuring a semi-functional web application and integrating new bi-directional SMS functionality.
● Responsible for 100K lines of code.
● Saved $250K through process efficiency and providing a detailed technical roadmap for the founders. Towny / Roll Forward towny.com 2015-2017
CTO, Security & Compliance Officer
Administered a $2M budget, architected multiple, varied projects, and mentored a team of 16 remote and in-house employees. Reported to the CEO of this community-based rewards app company.
● Onboarded 100% of skilled, crucial Developer and DevOps staff in two weeks through a professional network, attending industry meetings, and advocating for the benefits of working with a startup.
● Avoided $13K annually in cybercrime loss through implementation of security awareness training.
● Developed PCI DSS and SOC 2 compliance guidelines, procedures, and frameworks in 4 months.
● Improved development processes and implemented best practices to achieve a 14% productivity gain.
● Simplified and automated the change control process to decrease labor by ~750 hours annually. Navigo navigo.com 2012-2015
Chief Engineer & Architect, Code & DevOps
Architected, launched, and maintained an AWS-based user engagement web application for a top 100 charity.
● Oversaw and mentored a team of 4-5 developers while collaborating with the charity’s advocate.
● Increased the length of engagement by 40% by improving the Solr-based search configurations.
● Improved user engagement rate by 8x when compared to the previous system. FraudMANAGER 2003-2015
Founder & CTO
Worked with industry experts to build a fraud protection technology company to safeguard financial institutions against loss. Grew client portfolio to 12 service accounts. Supported service clients with 100% satisfaction.
● Designed easy-to-sustain software and maintained a tidy operational environment resulting in 99.99% of fraud detection service uptime.
● Prevented $3M+ in fraudulent transactions across 12 member banks by monitoring behavioral, physical, and statistical information.
● Reaped 45x ROI after 2 years of operation, selling the system to JM Floyd & Associates for $450K. Previous experience
● Developed multiple highly adaptable, fine grained, SQL-based authorization systems.
● In 1 week, salvaged 1M+ lines of code for a $10M European social network startup.
● Raised over $500K in startup capital.
● Was a System Architect for one of the earliest online banking systems. Education & professional development
● Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science from Rice University
● Member of Open Worldwide Application Security Project (OWASP) Zane Rockenbaugh 512-***-****
Technical skills
Leadership by influence System architecture REST API design Docker Project planning Cloud architecture Go Git
Agile & incremental development Data architecture React Budget management Personnel management JavaScript SQL Vendor management Executive reporting Java NoSQL Google Business Suite Team building CI/CD design Terraform Microsoft Office Suite Process automation & optimization AWS & GCP CloudFormation Compliance Network architecture Node Jira Cybersecurity
Contact this candidate