NICOLINE NDE
DALLAS, TEXAS 615-***-**** ad73yy@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/nicoline-nde-377680110
Professional Summary
Result-driven AWS Cloud Engineer / Security Engineer with 5 years of experience in designing, implementing, managing, and optimizing different AWS cloud environments. Skilled in provisioning AWS solutions with resources including but not limited to, Terraform and CloudFormation and their principles, automating different environments using services such as Systems manager, Ansible. Proficient with the configuration of AWS native and Open source CICD pipelines. In addition to those I am experienced in leveraging a wide range of AWS services, including but not limited to Cost Optimization, Compute, Storage, and Monitoring tools all with the aim in delivering robust, secured, and cost-efficient cloud architectures.
Technical Skills
Cloud Platforms
AWS
Cloud Services
EC2, S3, RDS, VPC, IAM, ELB, SNS, SQS, Route53, VPC, Auto Scaling,
Scripting Languages
Shell Scripting, Bash, YAML, JSON, PowerShell, Python
I.A.C
Terraform, CloudFormation, Ansible Tower
Cloud Configuration / Automation:
AWS Systems Manager,, Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, ECS, EKS
Containerization
Docker, ECS
Orchestration
Kubernetes, Docker Swarm, Docker Compose
Networking
DNS, VPC, VPN, Load Balancers, TGW, VPC Peering, Cloud Wan
Security:
Identity and Access Management (IAM), Security Hub, Shield, Firewall Manager, Inspector, WAF, AWS Secrets Manager, NACLs, Security Groups, KMS, Snapshot Lifecyle Manager
Monitoring and Event Management:
CloudWatch, Event Bridge, Cloud Trail, SNS, S3 Server Access Logs, VPC Flow Logs, Splunk, PRISMA
Governance and Compliance:
AWS Config, AWS Organization, Control Tower, Trusted Advisor
Application Delivery:
GitHub, Jenkins, Code Pipeline, Code Deploy, Jira, CICD

Education \ Certifications
Bachelor of Science Applied Science Grand Canyon University Phoenix, Az
Bachelor of Science Computer Science University of Yaoundé Cmr
AWS Certified Systems Operations Administrator
Certified Scrum Master
Professional Experience

Tanktech Solution Dallas, Tx Jan 2021– Present
AWS Cloud Engineer
Optimized cost through instance selection, scheduling, and storage lifecycle policies, achieving at least 30% reduction in infrastructure costs while maintaining performance.
Utilized infrastructure as code (IaC) and Lambda functions for improved scalability and operational efficiency.
Managed containerized applications with Kubernetes, enabling seamless deployment, scaling, and load balancing to increase improvements.
Configured CloudWatch alarms for proactive monitoring, reducing incident response time and improving system performance.
Implemented security best practices, including multi-factor authentication, role-based permissions, and security groups, ensuring compliance and zero security breaches.
Automated tasks and patching using Ansible playbooks, streaming deployments and reducing manual efforts.

JJTech Maryland, Md Dec 2019 – Nov 2020
AWS Security Engineer
Implemented Detective Security Control Points using tools like Amazon Guard Duty, Aws Trusted Advisor, Aws Config, Security Hub. Leveraged Infrastructure protection using the Aws Firewall Manager, Aws Direct Connect., Aws Waf.
Used Terraform and CloudFormation templates to provision infrastructures in cloud and have a backup of those infrastructures in the form of code in S3 & GitHub as a disaster recovery strategy.
Designed and Implemented security best practices in AWS including Automation, multi factor authentication, role-based permissions, enforced strong password policy, configured security groups and NACLs, S3 bucket policies and ACLs.
Designed for high availability and business continuity using self-healing-based architectures, fail-over routing policies, multi-AZ deployment of EC2 instances, ELB health checks, Auto Scaling, and other disaster recovery models.
Created and Implemented changes to and on the network, designed and leveraged policies and roles for users and groups to manage entry points.
Delivered simple, sustainable, and repeatable solutions and processes on architecture, connectivity, and design.

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO Dallas, Tx Oct 2018 – Dec 2019
AWS Associate Cloud Engineer
Worked hand in hand with senior engineers, customers and other stakeholders assisting in determining, planning, implementing and integration of system -oriented projects.
Assisted in the leveraging of automated snapshots of EBS Volumes at scheduled intervals back-up.
Assisted in providing updates to businesses through established communication channels.
Assisted with the creation of users, groups, and configuration of AWS Cli’s to make API calls to the AWS Management console.
Assisted in the recommendation and leveraging of cost-effective solutions for non-production environments.
Worked hand in hand with senior engineers, customers and other stakeholders assisting in determining, planning, implementing and integration of system - oriented projects.

GEICO Dallas, Tx August 2016 – Sept 2018
Scrum Master
Facilitated a culture of getting the work done without coercion, assigning, or dictating.
Helped the team remove impediments by ensuring to find the right individuals and ways to remove such impediments.
Provided guidance to the team on Scrum Values, Practices, principles, and the essential adherence to Scrum methodologies.
Acted as a Scrum Master for Product teams with a focus on guiding the teams towards improving how their work is being done.
Facilitated a culture of getting the work done without coercion, assigning, or dictating.
Assessed the degree of Scrum maturity and coached the team to higher levels, at a pace that was sustainable and comfortable for the team and organization.
Contact this candidate