Pratyay Banerjee
Senior Cloud Engineer - AWS

LinkedIn ad7z3s@r.postjobfree.com 971-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Seasoned and certified Senior Cloud Engineer with 9+ years of hands-on experience, bolstered by a solid 15-year track record in the software industry. Recognized for pioneering Infrastructure as Code (IAC) initiatives using Terraform and Python, adeptly orchestrating Docker Container deployments with EKS and Kubernetes within CI/CD pipelines in AWS cloud environments.

WORK EXPERIENCE
ByteDance, Plano, TX
Role: Senior Cloud Engineer – AWS
April 2023 – Present

Reduced programming time by 80% by providing unique solutions for 2 - 3 different services using API Gateway, Lambda, Python, S3, and DynamoDB.
Developed AWS infrastructure for micro-services using Python Boto3 as well as Terraform and Ansible and deploy using CI/CD pipeline tools such as GitHub, Artifactory, ECR, Jenkins (Groovy) and GitLab (YAML) to increase deliverable efficiency by 50% and reusability by 90%.
Crafted Kubernetes Pod definitions and leveraged Helm Charts for version-controlled deployment strategies for deploying and monitoring microservices on AWS EKS and Kubernetes.
Spearheaded the design and implementation of Amazon EKS (Elastic Kubernetes Service) clusters using IaC Terraform, optimizing scalability and resilience while ensuring seamless integration with existing AWS infrastructure.
Pioneered a rotational 24x7 on-call SRE support program, leading to a substantial 45% reduction in severity 1 and 2 incidents pertaining to existing AWS infrastructure. Leveraged monitoring tools such as Prometheus, Grafana, and Datadog to ensure uninterrupted service delivery and bolster customer satisfaction.
Integrated Kafka for real-time data processing, IAM for secure access control, Cognito for user authentication, and EventBridge for event-driven architectures to enhance system performance and security.
Mentor junior team members on DevOps best practices, tools, and methodologies, fostering a culture of continuous learning and improvement.

CapitalOne, Plano, TX
Role: Senior DevOps Engineer
April 2022 – April 2023

Orchestrated the development of AWS infrastructure for micro- services, employing IaC Terraform and custom scripts.
Actively managing, enhancing, and monitoring cloud infrastructure on AWS, including EC2, ELB, S3, and RDS, encompassing critical tasks such as backups, patches, and scaling
Spearheaded the creation of Kubernetes Pod definitions and Docker images and harnessed Helm Charts for version-controlled deployment strategies. These efforts effectively deployed and monitored microservices on AWS EKS and Kubernetes
Collaborated extensively with a diverse team. Conducted in-depth analyses of business needs, backlogs, and epics, leading to the design of optimal cloud solutions

Southern California Edison (SCE), Los Angeles, CA
Role: AWS DevOps Engineer
May 2018 – December 2021

Pioneered in rolling out IaC organization-wide using Terraform and custom Shell scripts ensuring 70% efficient and 100% reusable and scalable systems.
Reduced deployment time in Dev, QA, and Prod environments by 80% by designing fully automated CI/CD pipeline using Docker, Jenkins, Groovy, GitHub, JFrog, SonarQube, Checkmarx and AWS services.
Guided to build architectural solutions in AWS infrastructure using EC2, S3, IAM, Route53, RDS, Auto Scaling and Load Balancers (ELBs) for 5 different project teams.
Implemented rapid-provisioning and life-cycle management for Linux using Amazon EC2, Python Boto3, and custom Bash scripts using Serverless framework eliminating manual intervention.
Spearheaded the adoption of AWS Serverless Application Model (SAM) for streamlined deployment and management of serverless applications. Implemented AWS SAM templates to define serverless resources, allowing for simplified development and deployment workflows.
Lead incident response and troubleshooting efforts, identifying root causes, and implementing preventive measures to minimize downtime.

State of Idaho - Department of Health and Welfare, Boise, ID
Role: Cloud DevOps Engineer – AWS
August 2014 – April 2018

Introduced Jenkins CI/CD Pipeline to the organization using Groovy, Maven, SonarQube, and Docker resulting in 40% faster deliverables.
Designed infrastructure using EC2 instances, Auto Scaling, ELB, and custom AMIs achieving 73% cost savings by eliminating 50+ physical servers.
Facilitated pulling images from the Docker hub, running containers based on an image, and creating Dockerfile to manage customized containers.
Automated AWS components like EC2, S3, Security groups, ELB, RDS, IAM through Terraform.

TECHNICAL COMPETENCIES

Cloud Platforms: AWS
Container Technologies: Kubernetes, EKS, Docker
IAC: Terraform, AWS SAM
CI/CD Tools: Jenkins, GitLab, JFrog Artifactory
DevOps Tools: GitHub, Artifactory, Jira, Maven, SonarQube, Checkmarx
Languages/Scripting: Python, Groovy, Shell/Bash Script
Database: SQL, AWS RDS, DynamoDB, Redis
Messaging: Kafka, EventBridge, Kinesis
Security: Authentication and Authorization, IAM, Cognito
Monitoring & Logging: Prometheus, Grafana, Datadog
Configuration Management: Ansible
Operating System: Linux

CERTIFICATIONS

AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate
HashiCorp Certified Terraform Associate
Certified Scrum Master (CSM) from Scrum Alliance
Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO) from Scrum Alliance
Project Management Professional (PMP) from Project Management Institute (PMI)

ACADEMIC PROFILE

Post Graduate Diploma in Information Technology Management (PGDIT) from Symbiosis Centre for Distance Learning (SCDL), Pune, India.
Master of Computer Application (MCA) from University of Madras, Chennai, India.
Bachelor of Science (BSc) with Physics as Major from University of Calcutta, Kolkata, India.

PAST EXPERIENCES

Product Owner, Kaiser Permanente, Lake Oswego, OR 07/2013 – 07/2014
Solution Architect, McGraw-Hill CTB, Monterey, CA 11/2012 – 06/2013
Lead Solution Architect, SCE, Los Angeles, CA 11/2010 – 11/2012
Project Lead, McAfee Inc, Portland, OR 06/2007 – 10/2010
Contact this candidate