Professional Summary
Currently working for State Farm as a Cloud Engineer in the Production/Technical support for back-end operations and infrastructure maintenance. Experienced IT professional with 9 years of experience in various roles including Cloud AWS Engineer, DevOps Engineer, Build and Release Engineer, and System Administrator. Excellent interpersonal and leadership skills with expertise in motivating staff and creating space for queries and concerns.
●Build Management and Execution: Experience with Make, CMake, Jenkins, and GitLab CI/CD for build automation and management.
●Environment Maintenance: Expertise in AWS resource management, infrastructure automation, and monitoring using tools like DataDog and NewRelic.
●User Account Maintenance: Managed user access and administration using LDAP and IAM.
●Documentation: Documented progress reports, build processes, and configuration management.
●Experience with Ubuntu and Red Hat: Proficiency in managing and administering Ubuntu and RHEL environments.
●Version Control and CI/CD: Strong knowledge and hands-on experience with GIT, GitHub, and continuous integration tools.
●Security and Monitoring: Integrated security practices in CI/CD pipelines and set up monitoring systems using DataDog, SumoLogic, and GrayLog.
●Cloud and Scripting Proficiency: Expertise in AWS, Python, and Bash scripting for automation and deployment.
Skills
●Operating Systems: Unix/Linux (RHEL, Ubuntu), Windows
●Database: MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Oracle, Redshift, DynamoDB
●Scripting Languages: Shell, Python, Perl
●Version Control Systems: GIT, GitHub, GitLab
●CI/CD Tools: Jenkins, GitLab CI, GitHub Actions
●Build Tools: Make, CMake, Maven, Ant
●Cloud Platforms: AWS, Heroku, Azure
●Monitoring Tools: DataDog, Xymon, Zabbix, Sensu, NewRelic
●Automation Tools: Ansible, Terraform, Rundeck
●Application Servers: Tomcat, Glassfish
●User Account Management: LDAP, JumpCloud
●Cluster Management: LSF, SGE, Slurm
●Containerization: Docker, Kubernetes, Rancher

Professional Experience
Statefarm

Designation : Cloud Engineer
Project : P&C Claims
Back End : AWS, Terraform, Python and Gitlab
Period : Jan 2023 – Present

Responsibilities:

●Building and deploying Python apps using GitLab and CI/CD to AWS Lambda
●Develop reusable software and CI/CD pipeline components that will be used by product teams, and software architecture best practices which will be utilized across P&C Claims.
●Understanding, supporting, and helping define the vision and direction for the product development and mentoring, driving, coordinating, and may delegate work of other product team members
●Developed and maintained Python scripts utilizing Boto3 to automate cloud infrastructure tasks, such as provisioning EC2 instances, managing S3 buckets, and automating IAM roles and policies.

Gainsight

Designation : Cloud Operations Engineer
Clients : IBM, Cisco, vmware, CenturyLink and more
Project : Customer Success Management
Back End : AWS, Linux, Heroku, RMQ, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL and Jenkins
Period : August 2016 – August 2021

Responsibilities:

●Working with Amazon Web Services (EC2, EBS, ELB, Security Groups, RDS and IAM)
●Designing IAM roles & Configuring Elastic IP’s.
●Working on Jenkins build tool and Gitlab for repository management
●Working on MangoDB, PostgreSQL servers
●Working with Ansible for configuring and managing multiple node servers, deployment from the build console.
●Handling in Log management tools like SumoLogic & GrayLog.
●Responsible for maintaining different environments Dev, Test, QA, Stage and Production.
●Testing and Deploying the Application on Production server.
●Experience to create and enable the monitoring for newly built servers and applications.
●Running Sql queries and providing reports as per the client requirement.
●Providing Assistance to the client at the time of UAT.
●Handling calls and monitoring issues related to Application.
●Escalate to the development team when code changes are required / Issues are faced.
Sprinklr

Designation : Operations Engineer
Clients : Intel, Cisco, Dell, P&G, HTC, Samsung, Nike and more
Project : Social media management platform
Back End : AWS, Linux, Glassfish, Apache Kafka, MongoDB, MySQL and Jenkins
Period : October 2015 – August 2016

Responsibilities:

●Provisioning and Configuring AWS resources (EC2, SG, ASG, IAM, S3, Route53, Elasticbeanstalk, SES, CloudWatch, EKS, CodeDeploy) for the application requirement.
●Deploying the code across multiple servers effortlessly using Jenkins and coordinating with engineers in production deployment.
●Day-to-day user administration like adding/deleting users, granting and revoking access to AWS resources using policies.
●Utilized Ansible for configuration management of hosted Instances within AWS.
●Elastic Load Balancer, and DNS services with amazon Route 53.
●Used IAM to create new accounts, roles and groups

OnMobile Global Limited

Designation : Engineer - Operations
Client : Airtel, Globacom, MTN, Vodacom
Project : RBT[Call Me Tunes], Football, VP,.
Back End : Linux, Shell scripting, MySQL, Apache Tomcat
Period : November 2013 – September 2015

Responsibilities:

●Worked on the administration of the tomcat servers including installation and deployments.
●Handling & troubleshooting CRBT/Foot Ball SMS product for 15 countries in Africa
●Service creation related to Different Billing Scheme using MySQL and Maria DB.
●Maintaining Database and application configuration restore backups.
●Testing and Deploying the Application on Production server.
●Used networking protocols such as TCP/IP, Telnet, FTP, NDM, SSH, rlogin.
●Production support of MySQL, Tomcat including installation, configuration, management, troubleshooting, and done security patching.

Educational Qualification
Bachelors in Computers Science from Acharya Nagarjuna University, Year: 2009 - 2013.
Masters in Computer Science from University of Central Missouri, Year: 2021 - 2022.
Contact this candidate