Summary
Passionate and Dedicated IT professional with 1.5 years of experience meeting company goals utilizing consistent and organized practices.
Enthusiastic Programmer Analyst polished in optimizing systems to address dynamic needs, improve collaboration and strengthen security.
Weighs crucial business and IT needs against procedural limitations to assess roadmaps for optimal functions. Successful background in maintaining efﬁcient cloud needs by leveraging infrastructure and operational knowledge to enhance processes.
Practiced troubleshooter with diagnostics procedure expertise and in-depth technical experience in AWS. Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. Education
MBA Human Resource Management
Bharathidasan University • TRICHY, TAMILNADU
As of now, I am pursuing this master's degree MBA in Human Resource Management. B.E Electrical and Electronics Engineering
K. Ramakrishnan College of Technology • TRICHY, TAMILNADU 04/2020
I graduated with a 7.43 CGPA and was appreciated by the college management as my character and conduct were very good.
Experience
Programmer Analyst
HTC GLOBAL SERVICES • Tambaram Sanatorium, Tamil Nadu Project: Heartfulness Web app Support
Environment: AWS, Linux
Collaborated with the development team to evaluate and identify optimal cloud solutions Modiﬁed and improved existing systems
Delivered scalable system architecture to support high-availability websites with various internal applications. Enhanced interfaces to promote better functionality for users. Updated documentation with project deviations to capture changes. Responded to and remedied critical issues to limit downtime. Identiﬁed causes of issues within applications and determined which modiﬁcations needed to be made. Educated colleagues on the implementation of new cloud technologies and initiatives Improved security posture by implementing Multi-Factor Authentication for the users of AWS accounts Programmer Analyst
HTC GLOBAL SERVICES • Tambaram Sanatorium, Tamil Nadu Project: Innive AWS Control Tower Deployment
Environment: AWS
Organized and Managed multiple AWS accounts under single master account RAGAVENDRA G S
NO: 46/11, POOKKOLLAI ST, NELSON ROAD, T.V.KOVIL, TRICHY, TAMILNADU adgpao@r.postjobfree.com
824-***-****
Provisioned multi-account structure with shared accounts, identity and access management, and an account factory, all based on best practice blueprints
Enabled curated governance rules to enforce policies for security, operations, and compliance on the accounts Improved security posture by implementing Multi-Factor Authentication for the users of AWS accounts Programmer Analyst
HTC GLOBAL SERVICES • Tambaram Sanatorium, Tamil Nadu Project: HTC's Internal POC
Environment: AWS
Involved in the following activities
Account provisioning as per client need
Cost calculation and cost optimization
Conﬁguring and monitoring
Infra Automation
Security and compliance conﬁguration using security hub Cleaning up the unwanted resources
Technical Skills
AWS
Cloud Computing
Cloud Services
Cloud Security
Cloud Automation
DevOps
Linux
Docker
PostgreSQL
GitHub
Microsoft Ofﬁce
Competencies
Virtualization
Technical Analysis
Problem diagnosis
Web application deployment
Web Security
Technical Support
Project Management
Containerization
Automation
Languages
English
Tamil
Kannada
Contact this candidate