Varun Sivasubramanian
adsed0@r.postjobfree.com +1-443-***-**** Linkedin: varunsiva
Highly motivated, dynamic result oriented team lead with 3+ years of experience in designing and developing client facing financial services applications using latest technological solutions. Proven history of delivering results to clients, utilizing strong analytical skills, attention to detail, team collaboration and strong work ethics and contributing to the bottom line of the organization. Demonstrated leadership capabilities in strategic planning and execution of Software development projects using latest tools and techniques to effectively deliver sustainable results. KEY SKILLS
Product management Business Intelligence Business Analysis
Data Analytics Strategic planning SDLC
Leadership Program Management Risk Management TECHNICAL COMPETENCIES
Programming Languages - C, C++, VBA Macros, Verilog, VHDL, Java, XSLT, MATLAB Scripting Languages - Javascript, NodeJs, Python, Shell Scripting Framework - Spring, Hibernate
Data Formats - XM, JSON, WSDL, RAML
IDE - Visual Studio, Eclipse, Anypoint Studio, IntelliJ Service Mesh - Istio
Cloud - AWS, GCP
Maven Repository - Nexus
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
Delivered quick turnaround solution in releasing software codes to production thus reducing prod deployment time by 83%.
Developed automated script for deploying micro service and lambda functions resulting in significant time saving from 16hrs to 1 hr in cloud deployment process.
Developed API integration solutions resulting in gateway security for the ecommerce platform and thus ensuring a secure environment for Equifax.
Certified as AWS Developer, Google cloud platform Associate Engineer and Mule Soft Integration and API Associate. EXPERIENCE SUMMARY
Equifax, Inc June 2018 – Present
Software Engineer – Career(Team Lead)
Oversee and motivate the team of four accounts payable associates.
Devised, developed and monitored process to boost the long-term business success and increase profit levels by 10%.
Led design, development and deployment of integrations on a legacy e-commerce platform, Voltron, enabling Global Direct to Consumer and Indirect Digital Product Delivery platform necessary for the product to leverage all its features, resulting in 40% increase in utilization of all the attributes built in.
Carried out release testing and beta testing on the platform for effective integration with the product. Also, worked in tandem to collaborate with engagement team members to review user stories. Effectively translated the business requirements into system design to build the platform.
Ensured a highly secure gatekeeper for the E-commerce platform by developing more than 20 API Gate-way endpoints on Apigee following API Specification standards defined by the Enterprise Platform Team at Equifax.
Developed procedures for effective functionality and appropriate operation of services hosted on the platform, reducing outages by 10%.
Managed Swagger API development processes and auto-generated documentation for all REST calls on Apigee.
Developed proof of concept using the terraform scripts to deploy the micro services and lambda functions on to the AWS cloud infrastructure, established potential to reduce onboarding time by more than 10%.
Created and maintained fully automated CI/CD pipelines for code deployment using terraform and CloudFormation for AWS and GCP platforms.
Implement CI/CD process using GIT, Nexus, Jenkins job creation, Maven build and create docker images to deploy into the Kubernetes clusters.
Varun Sivasubramanian Page 2
Actively managed, improved, and monitored cloud infrastructure on AWS, EC2, S3, and RDS, including back-ups and patches. Developed micro services on the hosted-on premises infrastructure to move it to cloud hosted on Amazon EC2 instance.
Created clusters in Google Cloud platform and have hosted the applications in the kubernetes cluster. The Kubernetes cluster was PCI compliant and was possible by using KMS encryption algorithm.
Experience in creating dashboards in Stackdriver. Have setup alerting and created custom metrics using the google API developer tools.
Experience in using Nexus and Artifactory repository for maven builds.
Installation of MongoDB on physical machines, Virtual machines as well on AWS. Backup & Recovery optimization and security maintenance.
Automated build and deployment using Jenkins to reduce human error and speed up production processes.
Provided system demos on topics such as Databases, Networking, Rolling Updates, Istio, Security, Logging Monitoring & Tracing.
Managed Bitbucket repositories and permissions, including branching and tagging Energy Efficient High Performance Computing Lab August 2017 – May 2018 Research Assistant
Developed through close coordination with stakeholder teams, the best Compressive Sensing algorithm in reconstruction of a highly compressed data using the OMP algorithms through a Matlab code, resulting in 30% reduction in memory utilization.
Optimized the layout for Stress Detection, sTDS and Activity Monitoring applications in application specific integrated circuits.
Designed and Implemented a scalable Bus-based Cluster with Shared Memory for a Programmable Many-core Platform and it’s application to reduce the chip size.
Metasys Technologies (Client: Coca-Cola) May 2017 – August 2017 Integration Platform Engineer
Developed and tested a governance automation project in Mulesoft using Java 8 platform and Anypoint studio IDE, thus reducing the manual effort during code review by developers and architects. The project was successful in bringing down manual effort of every code review by 95 percent.
Developed A Proof of Concept to provide Mulesoft ESB tool to load all its properties from the centralized repository system based on Spring and Hibernate Software Framework. This helped in reducing effort for debugging by more than 30% and aided overall standardization.
Created a dynamic automated solution to avoid static logging by the client, thus eliminating effort in terms of code change, by more than 15%.
Created Flexible Database through API BaaS application resulting in significant cost saving and eliminating the requirement of additional external Database for the clients.
Capgemini India Pvt Ltd June 2014 - July 2016
Senior Software Engineer
Learnt middleware tool called Apigee (API Management systems) within 6 months (50% faster than the average) and managed Data Transformation and Data & Network Security for a host of client applications.
Conceptualized and worked on a project-TRO (Target Resource Orders) to provide quick turnaround solution for issues identified by clients. Also, provided an innovative solution for Quota sharing project between various class of clients
(Platinum, Gold and Silver). Thus, eliminating manual work around.
Conceptualized and worked with business functions and developed a dynamic automated solution to avoid static logging by the client, eliminating effort in terms of code change by more than 15%.
Handled complex projects involving security development need and session management and delivered successfully within a short span of time.
Created Flexible Database through API BAAS application. Thus, reducing the cost for additional external Database requirement for the clients by more than 10%.
Supported approximately 30 releases on Apigee Platform by carrying out validation and regression testing. Worked on Splunk software for searching, monitoring, and analyzing machine generated big data, via a web-style interface. Created troubleshooting reference guide for developers and provide quick resolution to the client.
Gained proficiency in HTTP, HTTPS, SFTP, FTP, SSL3.0 (SecureSocketLayer 1 way and 2way SSL) and TLS 1.0 and TLS 1.1(Transport Layer Security) protocols.
Worked on AWS S3 buckets, SNS and SQS and various AWS services and have also written queries to refine the logs. Developed procedures for Mavenization for Mulesoft integrations, driving throughout time for integrations by more than 10% average.
EDUCATION
2016 – 2018 M.S in Computer Engineering, UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND, USA 2010 – 2014 B.E in Electronics and Communication Engineering, NITTE MEENAKSHI INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY, INDIA CERTIFICATIONS
2019 – 2022 AWS Certified Developer - Associate
2020 – 2022 Google Cloud Platform - Associate Cloud Engineer 2016 – 2018 Mulesoft Certified Developer - Integration and API Associate 2011 Programming in C and OOPS using C++
2010 Computer Basics, Hardware and Networking
PUBLICATIONS AND AWARDS
2018, A Scalable and Low Power Deep Convolutional Neural Network for Multimodal Data Classification in Embedded Real- Time Systems - https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/841****-****, One Equifax Award, have won Quarterly Q4 2018 One Equifax Award for Commerce Platform Digital Delivery. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Fitness aficionado, Advocating technology for good, Volunteer/Mentor Teach for India
Contact this candidate