Sai Abhishek
469-***-****
adshrm@r.postjobfree.com
Sr. Azure DevOps/Cloud Engineer

Professional Summary:
* ***** ** ********* ** designing Build process, Software Product Development, Process Automation, Build and Deployment Automation, Release Management, Packaging Quality Control, Source Code repository & Environment management.
Strong experience in DevOps activities such as Continuous Integration, Continuous Deployment and on the required tools. Experience with cloud and virtualization-based technologies like Docker, VMware.
Experience in CI build and deployment automation tools like GIT, SVN, ANT, ETL, Chef, and Ansible.
Created Terraform scripts for EC2 instances, Elastic Load balancers and S3 buckets, Planned, developed & maintained Infrastructure as code using CI/CD deployments using Terraform.
Designed and Implemented a Micro services container CI and CD solution within AWS leveraging Jenkins, Docker, Ansible and Kubernetes.
Understanding and Implement security polices to internal and external application in Azure through VNET, Firewall, Routing tables and Network Security Group etc.
Planning and migrating on-premises Servers to Azure using Azure Migrate service by Lift and shift method.
Building & Automating CI/CD using Azure pipelines for various applications
Good knowledge on Dockers and AKS administration
Define Branching strategies in Azure DevOps to make sure code is uniform across the environments.
Define Branching polices to ensure proper code is checked-in into the repo.
Troubleshoot and identify performance, connectivity and other issues for the applications hosted in Azure platform.
Planning and Integrated On-Prem Active Directory with Azure Active Directory using AD-Connect.
Planning and implemented SSO-Third party cloud-based application with Azure Active Directory
Provide technical advisory on building solutions using Azure service's IaaS, PaaS
Provide technical oversight and guidance during client’s engagement execution.
Responsible for collaborating on and setting cloud vision, providing thought leadership in cloud infrastructure and cloud services architecture to meet operational objectives for cloud solutions
Deploying and managing Azure Containers & Azure Kubernetes Service
Design and deploy applications (Including Azure VM’s, Blob Storage, SQL Database, Data Factory, Virtual Network, Traffic Manager, Load Balancer, Key Vault, Log Analytics)
Strong experience working on several docker components like Docker Engine, Hub, Machine, creating docker images, Compose, Docker Registry and handling multiple images primarily for middleware installations and domain configurations.
The architecture included Docker as the container technology with Kubernetes and worked on with REST API. Created Docker images using a Docker file, worked on Docker container snapshots, removing images and managing Docker volume.
Extensive experience on working with the Configuration/Deployment Tools like CHEF (Knife, recipe, cookbook), ANSIBLE (Playbook, Inventory) and PUPPET (Puppet manifests, Factor, catalog). Good knowledge in automation development with SALTSTACK.
Hands-on experience on Ansibleand Ansible Tower as Configuration management tool, to configure and to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploys critical applications, and proactively manages changes.
PuppetManifests to provision complex multi-node applications composed of Nodes, Apache, NginxandMySQL. Strong experience in creating ANT/MAVENbuilds and generatedjar, war, ear files stored in Nexus repository and deployed with Ansible and Puppet.
Experience in using bug tracking tools like JIRA, RALLY andREMEDY. Implementation of JIRA to track all issues pertaining to the SDLC and Integration of JIRA with Git to track all code changes.
Experienced in trouble shooting and applications and automate deployment on web/application servers like Apache, JBOSS, Glassfish, Tomcat, andWebLogic.
Involved in Installation, Configuration and Troubleshooting VMware and experiences with Linux Virtual Machines using VMware (VSphere, virtual center), Hypervisor, andVirtualBox expert in automation and deploy configuration management to different environments DEV/PROD.
Experience in shell scripts, Ruby, Python, and PowerShell for automating administrations tasks and scheduling jobs.
Experience migrating infrastructure and application from on premise to Azure and from Cloud to Cloud such as AWS to Microsoft Azure
Experience on Azure cloud and worked on Azure resources like Virtual Networks, Azure AD, Subnets, Virtual Machines, Virtual Machine Scale Sets, Load Balancers, App Services and Azure storage.

Technical Skills:
Cloud Technologies
Azure, Jenkins, GIT, CHEF,CONSUL
Web/Application Servers
Web logic, JBoss, WebSphere, Apache Tomcat
Operating Systems
Red hat, Ubuntu, Linux, WINDOWS, CentOS, SUSE.
Application software’s:
GIT, Jenkins, Ansible, Puppet, Salt stack, Vagrant, Docker
Apache, Tomcat, JBOSS, Zabbix, Adobe Illustrator FileZilla,
WINSCP, AWS, Chef, Ansible, Splunk, AWS, TFS, JIRA.
Languages
Shell, Bash, Perl, Ruby and Python scripting
Web Technologies
Servlets, JDBC, JSP, XML, HTML, Java Script.

Project Experiences:
State farm, Chicago IL Jan 2021– Present
Sr. DevOps/Azure Engineer
Responsibilities:
Responsible for Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous delivery (CD) in development, Quality Analysis, and Production environments.
Responsible for configuration management, maintenance and troubleshooting of projects, implemented a Continuous Delivery (CD) framework usi and Maven in Linux.
Troubleshoot the build issue during the Jenkins build process.
Developed a fully automated continuous integration system using Git, Gerrit, Jenkins, MySQL and custom tools developed in Python and Bash.
Configured and maintained Jenkins to implement the CI/CD process and integrated the tool with Git, Maven, Nexus, Docker, Nagios and Jira for end to end automation and took the sole responsibility to maintain the CI/CD Jenkins server.
Worked on GIT and Subversion (SVN) version control systems, by setting up the GIT and SVN repositories for Jenkins build jobs, polled Version Control Systems in a periodic manner using Cron Jobs.
Monitored, administered Sub version and creation of Branches/Tags. Provided Deployment support for Pre-Production and production environments
Performed containerization of the platforms using Docker containers.
Worked on Docker container snapshots, attaching to a running container, image managing, directory structures.
Manage deployment automation using Puppet, M Collective, Custom Puppet Modules and Ruby.
ExperienceinAdministrationofProduction,DevelopmentandTestenvironment'scarryingWindows,Red Hat Linux, Centos servers.
Set up and maintain tools for agile development (Jenkins, Git, Subversion, ETC)
Experienced in Puppet automation, installing and configuration of puppet server and agent setup.
Engage and train system administrators on core competencies of PowerShell in order to automate as much as they can.
Automated a complex, error-prone customer on-boarding process using Windows PowerShell.
Designed and implementing a series of PowerShell workflows and scripts.
Developing a Continuous Delivery (CD) PIPELINE with Docker, Jenkins, GITHUB and Azure pre-built images
Prepared capacity and architecture plan to create the Azure Cloud environment to host migrated IaaS VMs and PaaS role instances for refactored applications and databases.
Hands on experience in Azure Development, worked on Azure web application, App services, Azure storage, Azure SQL Database, Virtual machines, Fabric controller, Azure AD, Azure search, and notification hub. Experience in using Azure service fabric to package, deploy, and manage scalable and reliable microservices and containers.
Planning and implementation of data and storage management solutions in Azure (SQL Azure, Azure files, Queue storage, Blob storage), Migrating the current code to CI/CD pipeline via Ant to Maven and Anthill Pro to Jenkins.
Implemented Terraform modules for deployment of applications across Azure and with Terraform key features such as Infrastructure as code, Execution plans, Resource Graphs, Change Automation.
Extensively involved in Version Control, Build & Release Management and Deployments of the Solutions to the DEV, QA & PROD Environments leveraging Azure DevOps/VSTS principles/process (CI/CD) and toolsets of Visual Studio, AKS (Azure Kubernetes Service), Application Insights, Log Analytics.
Experience in deploying Microsoft Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA).
Worked in dealing with Windows Azure IaaS - Virtual Networks, Virtual Machines, Cloud Services, Resource Groups, Express Route, Traffic Manager, VPN, Load Balancing, Application Gateways, and Auto-Scaling.
Environment: Solaris, SVN, GITHUB, Docker, Ansible, Cloud Watch, Oracle, MySQL, Jenkins, Ruby, PowerShell, Bash, ANT, Maven, PUPPET, MS AZURE, JIRA, Apache Tomcat.

Capital One, McLean, Virginia Jul 2019 to Dec 2020
Sr. DevOps/Azure Engineer
Responsibilities:
Building & Automating CI/CD using Azure pipelines for various applications.
Define Branching strategies in Azure Devops to make sure code is uniform across the environments.
Define Branching polices to ensure proper code is checked-in into the repo.
Creating and maintaining Infrastructure for Applications in Azure using Terraform and ARM (JSON) templates.
Worked on version control tool like Git and utilized Source code administration customer apparatuses like GITHUB in administering and supporting the CM tools .
Define cloud network architecture using Azure virtual networks, Site-to-Site VPN and express route to establish connectivity between on premise to Azure.
Assist leadership with the ongoing development of policies and procedures for the purpose of consistent product delivery.
Worked on Microsoft Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS)/Azure DevOps for application lifecycle management tool for different applications.
Develop custom features in Visual Studio based on specifications and technical designs.
Develop Power shell scripts and ARM templates to automate the provisioning and deployment process.
Participate in internal and customer meetings assisting with the ongoing evolution of technology offerings.
Provide technical guidance on building solutions in Azure either PaaS, IaaS platform
Troubleshoot and identify performance, connectivity and other issues for the applications hosted in Azure platform.
Azure API Management, Security, Cloud-to-Cloud Integration (Public, Private)
Creating and maintaining Infrastructure for Applications in Azure using Terraform Building & Automating CI/CD pipelines for different applications.
Implemented Window based Apps (IIS sites) and Azure Web App (app services)
Be a critical part of our core team that is defining and launching exciting “Next Generation” services
Responsible for collaborating on and setting cloud vision, providing thought leadership in cloud infrastructure and cloud services architecture to meet operational objectives for cloud solutions.
Educate customers of all size on the value proposition of managed services on Azure and participate in architectural discussions to ensure solutions are designed for successful deployment in the cloud.
Leading the team allocating daily jobs & distributing workload to team members
Participating in escalation meetings along with client and vendor support teams
Handling Project related activities like documentation, data gathering and knowledge transfer.
Experience on Azure cloud services (PaaS & IaaS), Azure Web apps, Function Apps, Azure Data Factory & Storage, Azure Resource Manager (ARM), Azure Identity & Access Management, Azure Active Directory, Azure SQL/Cosmos DB, Azure Multi-Factor Authentications, Azure Load Balancing and Application Gateways.
Environment: AWS S3, Glacier, EBS, Elastic Load balancer (ELB), Auto Scaling Groups, Jenkins, Maven, GIT, Chef, C# .Net 4.0, ASP.Net, ADO.Net.

Fidelity., Boston, Massachusetts Mar 2018 - Jun 2019
DevOps Engineer.
Responsibilities:
Hands on experience in amazon web services which includes Cloud Formation, Elastic Load Balancer, Elastic Beanstalk, CloudWatch, IAM, Server Migration, Route 53, SQS, VPC, S3, Dynamo DB, SNS, Glacier, RDS, EC2 Container Service, Lambda.
Experienced in setting up databases in AWS using RDS, storage using S3 bucket and configuring instance backups to S3 bucket by creating snapshots.
Experience in Software Integration, Configuration, building, automating, managing and releasing code from one environment to another environment and deploying to servers
Leveraged AWS cloud services such as EC2, auto-scaling, and VPC to build secure, highly scalable and flexible systems that handled expected and unexpected load bursts.
Setup and build AWS infrastructure various resources, VPC EC2, S3, IAM, EBS, Security Group, Auto Scaling, and RDS in Cloud Formation JSON templates.
Deployed Microservices using pivotal Cloud Foundry, and deploying applications into Cloud Foundry as part of Continuous Integration.
Involved in supporting cloud instances running Linux and Windows on AWS, experience with Elastic IP, Security Groups and Virtual Private Cloud in AWS.
Extensive experience on configuring Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon Elastic Load Balancing IAM and Security Groups in Public and Private Subnets in VPC and other services in the AWS.
Experience in cloud automation using AWS Cloud Formation templates.
Implemented scheduled downtime for non-prod servers for optimizing AWS pricing.
Written Chef Cookbooks for server provisioning in aws using Chef Recipes.
Experience in migrating build.xml into pom.xml to build the applications using Apache MAVEN
Engineered Splunk to build, configure and maintain heterogeneous environments and maintained log analysis generated by various systems including security products.
Managed network security using Load balancer, Auto-scaling, Security groups and NACL
Extensively worked on Jenkins CI/CD pipeline jobs for end-to-end automation to build, test and deliver artifacts and Troubleshoot the build issue during the Jenkins build process.
Implemented Jenkins Code Deploy plugin to deploy to AWS and used to automate the build process and deploy the application to Tomcat server.
Used Chef for configuration management of hosted Instances within AWS, Configuring and Networking of Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).
Implemented automations tools using chef cookbook instances.
Installation and setting up of chef server and node. And create recipes to set up environment.
Installed Chef Server Enterprise on premise/workstation/bootstrapped the nodes using knife and automated by testing Chef recipes/cookbooks with test-kitchen/chef spec.
Created and implemented chef cookbooks for deployment and used Chef Recipes to create a Deployment directly into Amazon EC2 instances
Installed RedHat Linux using kick start and applying security polices for hardening the server based on company's policies. chef
Created users, roles and groups using Identity Access Management (IAM) and attached the required policies.
Performed Branching, Tagging, Release Activities on Version Control Tool GIT (GitHub).
Environment: GIT, Jenkins, MAVEN, Azure, Nagios, Elastic Load Balancer, WebSphere, C#.NET, .NET Framework.

National General Insurance, Dallas TXJan 2017-Feb 2018
DevOps Engineer.
Responsibilities:
Responsible for Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) process implementation using Jenkins along with Python and Shell scripts to automate routine jobs. Worked with the Architects on SDLC process being the owner of post development environments
Designed and implemented Chef, including the internal best practices, cookbooks, automated cookbook CI and CD system.
Implemented Continuous Delivery framework using Jenkins, Chef, Maven& Nexus in Linux environment.
Automated build and deployment process for application, re-engineering setup for better user experience, and leading up to building a continuous integration system for all our products.
Coordinated the resources by working closely with Project Managers for the release and carried deployments and builds on various environments using continuous integration tool
Developed and implemented the software release management for the release of web applications.
Wrote ANT and MAVEN Scripts to automate the build process.
Used Shell/Perl scripts to automate the deployment process.
Performed Load/Functional testing using Mercury Load runner and HP QTP.
Designed a customized Status Reporting tool used currently, based on the specific requirements using J2EE/ Struts and WebSphere Application Server with DB2 as Database.
Coordinated Instance Refreshes and Environment Re-base lining.
Coordinated all the IT projects successfully by resolving release interdependencies and planning release.
Planning, scheduling and documenting releases at code Freeze Periods.
Worked with many teams of strength more than 30 and managed 2 release/build engineers.
Stand by administrator for Clear Case and PVCS.
Performed Functional and Stress Testing for a few applications using Mercury Load runner
Worked with HP QTP for Functional Testing.
Environment: Subversion, Clear Case, Hudson, Java/J2EE, JDK, ANT, MAVEN, DB2, UNIX, Windows Server 2003, Windows XP, Web Sphere, Perl Scripting, HP Quality Center.

Sam Agritech, India Dec 2013-Dec 2015
DevOps Engineer.
Responsibilities:
Installation and administration of RHEL 4.0/5.0 and SUSE 10.x.
Wrote UNIX shell scripts for automated installations and experienced in windows and Linux based operating systems for troubleshooting.
Developed automated processes that run daily to check disk usage and perform cleanup of file systems on LINUX environments using shell scripting.
Used Python scripts to automate the Build and deployment process to deploying the web services.
Continuous Integration and Automation for the environments and created Jenkins pipeline for various projects using build label and plug-in.
Worked as JIRA Systems Administrator for the international JIRA/Confluence infrastructure, including all associated programs, plugins and systems.
Designed and Implemented CI & CD Pipelines achieving the end-to-end automation from code checking to artifacts deployment.
Integrated Maven with Shell scripts created in Bash to automate the deployments for the Java-based applications.
Experience working with Chef Enterprise Hosted as well as On-Premise, Installing Workstation, Bootstrapping Nodes.
Wrote Ansible playbooks for installing packages, Deployments and configuration.
Monitoring system performances using Nagios and managing network issues.
Environment: Jenkins, JIRA, Linux, Windows, C, C++, TFS2010/2012/2013 (Team Foundation Server), PowerShell, .Net, C#, Java, ASP, Python, VSTS 2015, IIS, Chef, Ansible, Docker, Maven.

Education:
Masters in Computer Science from University of IL.
Bachelors in Computer Science from JNTU Hyderabad.
Contact this candidate