NWANERI CHIDIEBERE CHRISTOPHER Phone 267-***-****

adssvz@r.postjobfree.com

DevOps Engineer
5+ years of professional total IT experience in design, develop, build and deployment of web applications.
2+ years in practicing DevOps, Cloud Automation &amp, Quality Engineering
Expertise

Experience in migrating applications to AWS
Extensive experience in setting up CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Jenkins, Maven,
Docker, Nexus, Artifactory, Slack
Strong experience in automating infrastructure setup on AWS cloud
Extensive experience in distributed Agile and Scrum methodologies to develop best practices
for software development and implementation
Strong experience in working with version control systems such as Git, GitHub, Bitbucket,

Experience working with developing scripts and automation tools used for building,
integrating and deploying software releases to multiple environments.
Strong hands-on experience in scripting languages such as Groovy, JSON, YAML, Shell
scripting.
Strong experience in code quality and code coverage tools such as SonarQube, JaCoCo and
JUnit.
Good knowledge of virtualization and container technology like Docker. Experience in creating
Docker files and working with Docker containers.
Have good knowledge in Kubernetes and have setup clusters in Amazon EKS
Strong exposure in Ansible for managing software installations, patch management to servers.
Strong knowledge on practicing TDD, automating Junit tests using Maven in Jenkins.
Strong knowledge in Tomcat, WebLogic servers on different Operating Systems like Windows,
UNIX and Solaris platforms.
Participated in the release cycle of the product which involved environments like
Development, QA UAT and Production.
Worked with project documentation and documented other application related issues, bugs on
internal wiki website.
A highly motivated, energetic individual, a team player with excellent communication and
inter-personal skills.

Professional Experience
WALMART — Pittsburgh, State 05/2015 – 07/2020
DEVOPS ENGINEER 07/2020 to till date
In this project, as a Cloud DevOps Engineer, I am responsible for migrating applications into AWS
cloud by creating CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins.
Contributions:
Set up CI/CD pipelines for Microservices and integrated tools such as Maven, Bitbucket,
SonarQube, Nexus, Docker, Slack for providing immediate feedback to DEV teams after
code check-in
Provisioned Dynamic Jenkins Docker slaves using Docker Host for CICD Pipelines
Wrote Ansible playbooks from scratch in YAML. Installing, setting up &amp, Troubleshooting
Ansible, created and automated platform environment setup.
Set up Git repositories and SSH Keys in GitHub for Agile teams.
Integrated GitHub web hooks into Jenkins to automate the code check-out process.
Implemented the setup for master slave architecture to improve the performance of Jenkins.
Imported existing infrastructure into Terraform using Terraform Import command
Created Docker file and automated docker image creation using Jenkins and Docker.
Automated infrastructure provisioning on AWS using Terraform and Ansible.
Created nightly builds with integration to code quality tools such as SonarQube, Veracode. Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds
when conditions not met.
Rebuild of entire existing platform over to Docker containers.
Setup Kubernetes clusters using Amazon EKS.
Setup repos on merging code from develop branch to master branch and make it
ready for deployment
Contributions:
Effectively engaged with full programming improvement lifecycle: from business/frameworks
investigation, through necessities gathering and practical detail composing, to advancement,
testing and conveyance.
Composed and created UI screens utilizing HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JSON and AJAX.
Created custom Angular JS mandates to assemble custom reusable segments to use over the
application pages.
Utilized Spring Beans to embody business rationale and Implemented Application MVC
Architecture utilizing Spring MVC.
Planned and created Rewards API utilizing Spring Boot.
Utilized Spring AOP for logging for crosscutting worries of the application.
Created server-side application to associate with database utilizing Spring Boot and Hibernate.
Utilized Spring XML setup for Dependency Injection.
Created segments of REST web administrations end to end, utilizing distinctive Annotations.
Created complex administration segments for Data Access Layer, DAO classes to
communicate with backend utilizing Java and Hibernate Framework.
Utilized Maven for assemble structure and Jenkins for persistent form framework
Education
B. TECH IN INDUSTRIAL PHYSICS
Federal university of technology Owerri Imo-state Nigeria
TRAINING
Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible, Puppet and Docker hands on training on AWS
Contact this candidate