Afolabi Abdulazeez Aleshe
DEVOPS ENGINEER
adsx3d@r.postjobfree.com +1-346-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Intuitive, self-driven devops engineer working towards an AWS Certification in Devops Engineering. Super versatile with AWS services, monitoring tools, Infrastructure as code tools, kubernetes, docker, python and a host of other technologies. Good leadership abilities with enthusiasm to learn more technologies.

TECHNOLOGIES

Devops Tools
Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Ansible, Terraform, Kubernetes, Git, Ansible
Cloud
AWS - EC2/S3/RDS/API Gateway/EKS/EBS/R53 Azure
Data Stores
Microsoft SQL Server, Elasticache, AmazonMQ, RDS, SQL,
Web Servers
Apache Web Server, Nginx,
Operating Systems
Linux Red Hat, Ubuntu,Cent OS, MacOS, Windows 10, Windows Server
Scripting
Python, Bash, JSON, YAML
Monitoring Systems
Datadog, Cloud Watch, Splunk

EXPERIENCE

Devops Engineer Rhema IT Group Consulting August 2019 – Present

●Modularized the organization's terraform script for easy re-usability.
●Automate provisioning of cloud infrastructure using CloudFormation, terraform, and application configuration and deployment using Terraform and Ansible.
●Setup and configure VPC PrivateLink (Endpoints), Direct Connect, Transit VPC, VPC Peering, Reverse Proxy Caching, CDN, IPsec and VPN for secure data transfer, and secured connection to other AWS services and other AWS accounts.
●Automated various infrastructure activities like Continuous Deployment, Application Server setup, Stack Monitoring using Ansible playbooks using CI tool like run desk and Jenkins.
●Orchestrated and maintained the organization's Kubernetes stack
●Automated QA processes and procedures for terraform modules, ansible playbooks.
●Created jobs in Jenkins to build applications using Maven, Nexus and Sonarqube plugins. In addition, developed several scripts to deploy artifacts in different environments.
●Built and run microservice application on docker.
●Installed and Configured the Nexus repository manager for sharing the artifacts within the company.
●AWS CI/CD process using Code Build, Code pipeline, Code Deploy and Code Commit.
●Create and manage users, permissions, directories and files in Linux environment.
●Developed Bash/Python Scripts for automation purpose.
●Involved in migrating applications to the AWS cloud (Lift and shift Strategy). Architecture includes Tomcat instances, Backend services RabbitMQ, Memcache, MysQL, Amazon Route S3, S3 Bucket, Security groups.
●Built webapp with Azure Cloud Services
●Managed Amazon Web Services like EC2, S3 bucket, RDS, EBS, ELB, Auto - Scaling, AMI, IAM through AWS Console and API Integration with Terraform. Responsible for creating multi-region, multi-zone AWS cloud infrastructure.

Linux Administrator Beatronics February 2019 – Aug 2019
●Assist to configure and deploy all virtual machines and install and provide backup to all configuration procedures.
●Maintain and monitor all system frameworks and provide after call support to all systems and maintain optimal Linux knowledge.
●Perform troubleshoot on all tools and maintain multiple servers and provide back up for all files and script management servers.
●Develop an infrastructure to provide support to all business requirements and perform regular troubleshoot on system to resolve all issues.
Technologies: Ubuntu,CentOS, AWS Services

EDUCATION

Harvard College of Engineering (Extension School) Certification ongoing

Prairie View A&M University, Texas USA MSc Computer Science 2016 –2018

Covenant University, Ogun Nigeria BSc Computer Science 2010 - 2014

Certifications

AWS Certified Solutions Architect (Associate) Amazon Web services 2022

Edureka Devops Bootcamp Training Devops Certification 2019
Contact this candidate