AKONDI P. Muluh
AWS Solutions Architect AWS Cloud Engineer DevOps Engineer
Hyattsville, MD 20785
Tel,240-***-****
adtahj@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/akondi-muluh


SUMMARY
Self-motivated AWS Cloud Engineer offering 6+ years of experience, implementing cloud-based solutions to technology consulting firms, business development, Software development experience, technical writing, and collaborating with technical teams. Strong analytical skills in assessing business requirements at the enterprise level and designing efficient and effective technology solutions for clients while putting in perspective cost optimization and security.

SKILLS
• AWS Platform: EC2, S3 storage services, SNS, VPCs, VPN, AWS Autoscaling, ELB, AWS Lambda, DNS using Route53, AWS CloudFormation, AWS CloudWatch, AWS CloudFront, and AWS Inspector.
• Identity & Access Management: AWS IAM, AWS Organization and AWS Secrets Manager, etc.
• Monitoring & Event Management: AWS SNS, AWS CloudWatch, etc.
• Cloud Orchestration: AWS CloudFormation, Terraform, AWS Lambda, Ansible, AWS System Manager, Docker, Kubernetes.
• Image & Patch: AWS SSM Patch Manager, AWS Golden AMI Pipeline, etc.
• Data Protection: Snapshot Lifecycle Manager, AWS Certificate Manager.
• Security: AWS Guard Duty, AWS Inspector.
• Self Service: Service Catalog.
• Application Delivery: GitHub, AWS Code Pipeline, Jenkins, AWS Code Deploy, AWS Code Commit.
• Governance & Compliance: AWS Organization, AWS Trusted Advisor, AWS Config Rules, AWS Well Architected Tool, AWS Budgets, etc.
• Programming Languages: Shell, Bash, Python.
. Orchestration and automation: system manager, puppet, shef, ansible

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Nordstrom Inc, Seattle, WA – AWS Cloud Engineer
October 2020 – Present
Accomplishment/Key Duties

Working and configuring cloud Security Solutions (IAM Policy, Authentication & Authorization, SG, NACL, MFA, server Access Logging, CloudWatch/CloudTrail etc
Configuration of CICD using open-source tools and AWS Native Tools for automation.
Use CloudFormation and Terraform to provision resources in my environment
Working with configuration management tools like Ansible, Source Code Management tool GitHub and Jenkins for Continuous Build Management.
Implementing Jenkins for CI/CD, GitHub and Git for version control, Maven for code build, SonarQube for testing and release.
Leveraging the various storage tiers for Amazon S3 based on customer requirements.
Specializing in workload migration using tools like Application Discovery Service (ADS) and Athena in the migration phases - assess, mobilize and migrate and also leveraging CART, ADS, Migration Evaluator, DMS, Cloud Endure from on premise virtualized environments to Cloud (AWS) Environments.
Implementing AWS Systems Manager management service capabilities to automatically collect software inventory, patching, and automate administration tasks and complex workflows across our environments.
Designing highly available infrastructure using Elastic load balancer and auto-scaling for Web servers which scale in and scale out automatically.
Optimizing cost through reserved instance selection and changing of EC2 instance types based on resource need, leveraging Autoscaling
Defining solutions using service Control policies in architectural design principles of AWS Organizational Units (OU) for unified enterprise multiple account management.
Deploying and implementing system automation using open source tools : ansible, puppet, shef and system manager which purely AWS technology

Lasership Inc Vienna, VA - Solutions Architect
February 2017- October 2020
Accomplishment/Key Duties:
Leveraged AWS Control Tower to set up and govern a secure, multi-account AWS environment based on customers’ requirements.
Implemented security best practices in AWS including multi factor authentication, access key rotation, role-based permissions, enforced strong password policy, configured security groups to control traffic to resources hosted within the VPC subnet and NACLs to control traffic to VPC subnets, S3 bucket policies and ACLs.
Worked on Cloud Architecture and implemented Route 53 routing policies, multi-AZ deployment of EC2 instances, ELB health checks, Auto Scaling and other disaster recovery models
Created effective enterprise strategies for workload migration of servers/applications to AWS Cloud using Cloud Endure.
Designed and implemented elasticity and scalability using Elastic Cache, CloudFront – Edge locations, RDS (read replicas).
Created policy/procedures in line with AWS security best practices surrounding encryption using KMS, firewall, mitigating DDOS attacks to detect, control and protect the network against access by compromised devices.
Used Ansible for configuration management and implemented Ansible Tower for our enterprise solution.
Monitored end-to-end infrastructure using CloudWatch integrated with SNS for notification and Lambda to secure infrastructure and align with enterprise cloud strategy
Used AWS system manager to automate configurations of systems at scale and operational tasks across fleet of servers.

Partnership for Supply Chain Management– AWS Cloud Administrator
Arlington, VA
January 2016- February 2017
Accomplishment/Key Duties:
Implemented AWS Identity and Access management policy with Least Priviledge Permission, Logical User Groupings for policy attachments, Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) as a second layer of security for authentication.
Created and implemented Password Policy in connection with the security team to harden our environment.
Created s3 buckets and also managing policies for s3 buckets
used Jira to trace problems and changes on configuration management
Enabled system logging and network logging of servers for maintenance and managed system routine backups
Verified the availability hardware and server resources, carried out system monitoring, review application logs
created snapshots and amazon machine image of the instances for backup and creating clone instances
Created users and managed their accounts in terms of modification, deletion, access control, on Windows Servers.
Set up and troubleshooted hardware for desktops, laptops, tablets, printers, scanners, and interface
Troubleshooted and resolved network connectivity and issues with various servers on different operating system.
Created LVM (Logical Volume Management) of windows and built-up Linux servers using kick-start services
Monitored system processes, and general health of systems using New Relic

EDUCATION:
University of Yaounde II – Soa – Yaounde, Cameroon - Bachelor in Law
September 2006 - August 2012
Montgomery College-Information Technology Institute, Maryland - USA – AWS Cloud Engineering
February 1-April 14, 2022

CERTIFICATION
AWS Certified Solutions Architect-Associate- 2022
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner-2022
AWS Cloud Engineering-2022
Contact this candidate