DevOps engineer
AINAR TULEPOVA www.linkedin.com/in/tulepova1212
adtbee@r.postjobfree.com
+1-347-***-****
ABOUT ME
Results-oriented DevOps engineer with almost 4 years of experience in the IT industry. Hands-on experience in automating, configuring, deploying, and orchestrating containers in cloud environments. Extensive knowledge of Kubernetes, Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible, AWS, Linux, etc. Passionate about new tools and DevOps/IT trends.
LIBERTY MUTUAL INSURANCE
November 2018 - September 2020 Cloud Engineer
Managed users and permissions in the Linux environment, as well as AWS IAM roles and their components.
Deployed and configured Git repositories with branching, forks, tagging, and notifications. Wrote bash scripts for automation of daily tasks, and documented the changes that happen in the environment and each server.
Involved in designing and deploying multiple applications utilizing almost all the AWS stack (Including EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, SNS, SQS, and IAM) focusing on high availability, fault tolerance, and auto-scaling in AWS Infrastructure.
Wrote Ansible playbooks to deploy configurations and patches to multiple EC2 hosts. WORK EXPERIENCE
G2 CROWD
September 2020 - Present DevOps engineer
Configured and managed cloud infrastructures on Amazon Web Services using Terraform as an IAC tool. Knowledge of AmazonEC2, AmazonS3, Amazon Elastic Load Balancing, and other services of the AWS family.
Created and deployed different types of ELBs on AWS for exposing web applications to public and internal communication.
Worked with IAM service creating new IAM users & groups, defining roles and policies, and Identity providers.
Built and deployed Docker containers on Kubernetes clusters to break up monolithic applications into microservices to improve developer workflow, increase scalability, and optimize speed. Created Kubernetes manifests for deploying containerized applications using different objects such as deployments, services, configmaps, and secrets.
Worked on designing, creating, and maintaining CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins to automate microservices, and cloud-native applications. Built Jenkins jobs to create AWS infrastructure from GitHub repositories containing terraform code.
Worked on multibranch pipeline jobs to build and deploy several applications to different environments in order to reduce human error and increase production speed. SKILLS
Operating system: Linux
Cloud computing services: AWS
Container orchestration tools: Kubernetes,
Docker
Continuous Integration Tool (CI/CD) : Jenkins
Monitoring: Prometheus, Grafana
Source code management tools: Git, GitHub
IaC: Terraform
Configuration management tool: Ansible
Scripting: Bash
Contact this candidate