Mohamed Saqaf
Address: *** ******** *****, *** ***
Mob: 079**-***-*** Email: adtru6@r.postjobfree.com

Profile

An accomplished IT professional with experience working in a fast-paced IT service and support roles. Experienced providing 1st 2nd and 3rd line support, troubleshooting issues relating to hardware, software and network infrastructures. A highly motivated and results orientated professional with a proven successful track record of providing exemplary levels of IT service and results to both internal and external clients.

An influential collaborative team player that can motivate, educate and bridge the gap to achieve results by building long-term and mutually beneficial internal & external client relationships. Excellent communication, budgetary, numerical and analytical skills, with a proven ability to seize opportunities, whilst building long lasting trust, and mutual respect at all levels.

Technical Skills

AWS Solutions architect associate:
VPC Setup, EC2 builds, IAM management, Route 53 DNS management, S3 Bucket management, Cloud Front CDN (Caching service) Auto scaling and Load balancing, SNS notification services, Database solutions (Dynamo DB, RDS and RedShift), EBS solutions, ELB services, EFS solutions.

●Microsoft Azure: Certified AZ104 Administrator
●AWS solutions architect Associate Certified
●CCNA certified – Troubleshooting Routing & Switching, Layer 2 – Vlans, Inter Vlans, Spanning-tree and Trunking etc, Layer 3 - Routing Protocols, BGP, RIP-RIPV2, EIGRP, OSPF.

●ITIL Certified - ITIl Foundation IT Service management framework
●MCSA Certified - Servers - MS Servers 2012 – 2019 installation, adding rolls and features,
Active Directory management, Group policy, Security Groups, Office 365 admin, MDM management
●Security Solutions -Anti-virus setups, safeguard data, networks and access by securing data, workloads and apps that are hosted on Cloud infrastructure.
●Desktop Support - Call Logging, Ticketing Systems, Pc Maintenance & Hardware support
●ECDL certified - Word, Excel & PowerPoint.
IT Career Overview

London Borough of Hillingdon March - 2019 till present

Network / AWS Cloud / Azure Administrator

Network Engineer:

Key Result Areas: AWS Cloud Engineer

S3 (Simple storage service) Creating S3 Buckets with restricted bucket policy. Setting up cross region bucket replication. Building, uploading workload, giving access to users & groups and public access.
EC2 (Elastic Compute) building, choosing right size disk and memory sizes, attaching s3 buckets, attaching and configuring EBS volumes, and configuring permissions.
Resizing Root EBS volumes to increase performance, (Create an EBS Snapshot, create a new larger EBS volume and attach the new EBS Volume to an EC2 Instance.
Monitoring and configuring CloudWatch - VPC flow logs, installing CloudWatch agent on a EC2 instance to monitor state. Create and implement CloudWatch alarms and SNS notifications to monitor AWS services.
Creating security groups depending on the parameters of access given.
IAM administration, Maintained the user accounts, setting up policy-based access to resources
(Created users, groups, roles, policies).
Create IAM user accounts and role-based policies for access to AWS services.
Created high Availability and Disaster Recovery options for RDS.
Archived outdated data to Glacier through Life Cycle Policy configuration.
Overall -based on an analysis of AWS usage, to improve cost-efficiency, security, reliability, performance, and operational excellence.

Provisioning tools: Terraform, AWS CloudFormation.

Wrote Terraform scripts
Managed infrastructure automation using Terraform
Creating directory and write the Terraform Code (Write)
Initialize and review the terraform code (Plan)
Deploying Terraform code (Apply) and verify Resources
Managing code repository (GitHub)

Key Result Areas:

●Supporting large infrastructure across the borough to staff and residents using Lan desk and Fire ticketing system.
●Managing ticketing system to prioritize workload (SLA) in a ITIL environment.
●Remote connections to switches across the borough to troubleshoot connectivity issues.
●Cisco voice management using Cisco unified call manager. Setting up hunt groups, translation patterns, call pick up groups, cisco Jabber, cisco Finesse agent Ids, Cisco Unity for setting up voicemail pin numbers, grouping call pick up groups.
●Wireless network management – Adding and configuring access points SSIDs to wireless controllers.
●Supporting Cisco CC Contact Centre with Jabber and finesse environment
●Supporting ARC Console for switch operators
●Castle rock SNMP – day to day of monitoring network Nodes.
●Solar winds - infrastructure monitoring tool to monitor ingress and egress traffic on interfaces.
●Patching ports, moving DHCP scoops to the wright interface (VLANs)
●Communicating with different vendors to troubleshoot network connectivity (ISP).
●Building and monitoring of virtual machines on VMWARE sphere.
●Maintaining high level of customer satisfaction at all times.
●Deploy and configure network and firewall configurations

Azure Administrator

Key Result Areas: Microsoft Azure: Certified AZ104 Administrator

●Design, Plan and Migrate deployments to Microsoft Azure Cloud
●Work as Cloud Administrator on Microsoft Azure, involved in configuring virtual machines, storage accounts, resource groups
●Peering Networks
●Application Gateway management and setting up listeners
●Monitoring Azure environment, Activity logs, Alerts, Metrics
●Utilising Azure Services, Load Balancers, Content delivery networks (CDN), Route Tables, Security Centre, Advisor.
●Gather, review, and validate network requirements, VNETs, and network security groups (NSG)
●Involved with planning, designing, and transforming environments from on-premises to cloud-based
●Updating NSG rules, adding IP address and port numbers
●Creating projects on visual studio through JSON scripting to deploy resources.
●Learning and Using Power Shell and other scripting languages to complete day to day tasks.

Gaia Technologies 2017 - March 2019

●Moving between 8 sites - Providing user support, desk side and remotely,
Supporting over 500 - 1000 users per site to troubleshoot network issues, Replacement and adding configuration on routers and switches (hardware) Cisco, HP, Netgear and Firewalls (Cisco ASA). Involvement In technical based projects & Supporting project teams.
●Windows - 7, 10 and Mac support.
●Server 2012 R2/2016 – Active directory – group policies, setting up new user accounts, folder path, resetting passwords, editing accounts, moving users and giving the right permissions, Security groups, Deploying application through group policy, DHCP scoop lease Management.
●LAN and WAN – Working within a TCP/IP network environment, including DHCP, DNS and Ethernet.
● Checking switch configuration for ports in the correct vlans, creating vlans and adding ports, enabling ports and disabling. Using show commands to troubleshoot.
●Service desk - ITIL frameworks process - Managing help desk and prioritizing tickets, providing instant solutions to IT issues - Identifying and solving IT problems, Incidents management, change request’s and logging them to meet the SLA requirements. (Manage engine).
●Citrix - XenApp and XenDesktops environments.
●NTFS - File Share permissions.
●Skype - for business communication.
●MDT WDS - Imaging laptops, desktops through network-based installation PXE).
●Hardware - Running diagnostic checks and servicing Laptops and desktops.
●Communicating with third party technical specialists. Explaining complex IT issues to non-technical Customers.
●Asset - register management.
●SMOOTHWALL Management – quick block/allow websites, web filters, exception IP address and monitoring departments.
●Office 365 Management – Email - Creating users and groups, shared mailboxes, resetting passwords and investigating quarantined emails. Management of other office applications like Word, Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint.
●Exchange server - 2008, 2010 & 2016 – creating mailbox, distribution groups, permissions and deployment of email signature (Exclaimer).
●ABTUTOR management – Helping teachers with monitoring tool to manage classroom.
●Mitel / Cisco Phone Systems Management – Configuring, Resetting, Unlocking and setting up Voicemail through web interface (GUI).
●SIMS.net Support – Creating new student’s and teacher’s profiles, updating profiles and resetting passwords.
●Impero – Remote classroom management.
●AV classroom management – Dealing with projectors and smart board issues for best user experience.
●Print management - (paper cut - Follow me printing) Creating new users and groups, managing printer credits, monthly department printer reports.

Roaming IT Jul 2016 to 2017

Diagnosing, fault finding, resolving and supporting issues with PCs, laptops, applications, networking and infrastructure.
Performing onsite 1st and 2nd line investigations into IT problems.
Deploying new hardware, automating software rollouts/upgrades, backups and retirement of obsolete hardware.
Providing support and technical assistance to computer end-users via face-to-face visits, telephone support, and remote access programs.
Ensuring that incident and service request details are aligned with internal procedures and SLAs.
Logging and prioritising incidents worked on and assessing the impact the fault is having on the customers’ business.
Providing software and hardware support.
Troubleshooting and resolving hardware and software problems of end users.
Installing, supporting and reconfiguring existing systems as well as carrying out system upgrades.
Managing the deployment process from production phase to deployment of end user application.
Standouts Achievements:
Supported Windows 7, Office 2003/2007, Exchange 2003/2007, Windows Server, Small Business Server and Active Directory.
Successfully installed Antivirus software onto Desktop and Laptops.
Configured DNS, DHCP, TCP/IP, Ethernet, wireless routers and Firewalls.
Identified and resolved IT support difficulties through effective dialogue with key stakeholders.
Created and implemented security IT standards, policies and procedures across the business.
Provided effective incident resolution and problem management ensuring the service delivery is aligned with contracted service levels.
Managed and implemented the delivery of programmes and ensured alignment with company IT strategy priorities.

SW Consultancy Systems 2015
Identifying and resolving problems/issues relating to desktops, laptops and printers.
Responding promptly offering both field Support and remote support to end users.
Performing system upgrades covering hardware, software, and anti-viruses.
Standouts Achievements:
Performed troubleshooting on network issues and made changes to routers and switches.
Maintained strong knowledge of LAN, WAN, Cisco Products and network devices.
Improved network performance by making physical changes to routers and switches.

Non-IT Career Overview

Lifting Gear UK Jan 2014
Employing a professional approach and demeanour when taking customer orders as well as when communicating with Engineers regarding required equipment.
Taking ownership of the management of electronic and printed files.
Managing customer bookings using Sphire.
Planning driver routes, updating spreadsheets and completing admin tasks as directed.

Torrent Trackside, VPPLC Jul 2013
Administrator/Depot Coordinator
Providing an exceptional service to clients on arrival into the building and orientating the environment to a welcoming, professional setting with proactive service.
Providing general administrative support such as post, filing, faxing, scanning and photocopying.
Disseminating any communication to relevant personnel or departments after logging.
Coordinating and planning routes, dispatches and collections.

Earlier Career Overview

Northgate Vehicle Hire, Hire desk Controller/Customer Service Jan 2012 to Feb 2013
EMT emergency medical service 2009 to 2012
London electricity, London surrounding city’s 2004 to 2007

Professional Development

2015 to Present
●CCNA Certified Routing & Switching (Certified)
●AWS Solutions Architect Associate (Certified)
●104 AZURE Administrator (Certified)
●ITIL Frame works foundation IT Service Management (Certified)
●MCSA Server 2012- Windows Clients in Server/Active Directory domains (Certified)
●MCSA server - 2016
●PC Maintenance
●ECDL – Excel, Word and Power point (Certified)
●MTA Certified – Network fundamentals
●MTA Certified - Server fundamentals
●Windows 7, 8 and 10 management

Professional Development
2013: Metropolitan university – Computer science- Advanced network security implementation’s
2001 to 2004: College of North East London - GNVQ Level 1-2 Information Technology, GNVQ Level 1-2 Business Studies & GNVQ Level 1 Electrical Installation
1996 to 1999: Gladesmore Community School – 5 GCSEs Incl English Language & Mathematics

Other Information

Driving Licence: Full UK
Additional Training: First aid, Care & Non-Emergency Patient Service
Contact this candidate