SA SALINA ALI
Pearland, TX ***** 832-***-**** adtyqt@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL Project/Practice Manager 19 years of expertise in organizing business
SUMMARY operations, financial oversight and resource management to achieve smooth
flow and project operations. Leads procurement of resources including
equipment and supplies. Monitors projects by adhering to production schedule
and budget, managing production team, identifying problems and providing
targeted solutions. Knowledgeable in accounting principles, bookkeeping,
budget and financial management.

SKILLS Practice management Strategic planning
Budget financial management Technical Support
Local area network, Windows Data Analysis
Server Windows Server
AR cycle management Staff Management
Multi-Site Operations Budgeting
Project planning and Systems Installation,
development Configuration and Upgrading
Advanced Problem Solving
Blueprints and Schematics

WORK HISTORY PRACTICE MANAGER 03/2011 to CURRENT
HCA Gulf Coast Division Houston, Texas
Oversee all acquisitions starting with infrastructure, Technology,
Networking and designs.
Conduct audits to ensure compliance with established policies and
procedures.
Identifies practice/business development opportunities to increase
practice market share.
Develop, implement and monitor practice budgets including analyzing
financial impact of changes and forecasts, and expenditures.
Develops cost/benefit analyses of patient care services and equipment.
Conduct meeting with physicians to review financial performance and KPI.
Conduct employees evaluation.
Provided outstanding support to entire staff which helped improve process
flow and boosted efficiency.

OPERATIONS MANAGER 07/2008 to 01/2011
Plaza OB/GYN Associates, PA Houston, Texas
Advanced productivity KPIs by learning trainings on procedures and
safety practices.
Inspect facilities to ensure emergency readiness and compliance with
access, safety, and sanitation regulations.
Process physician hospital credentialing.
Process payroll, payment of vendor invoices and employee expense
reports.
Manage and maintain Microsoft Windows applications and systems
including Windows XP, Windows Server 2003.
Manage acquisition, installation and maintenance of local area network
hardware/software.
Manage network operations to include: troubleshooting connectivity
problems, adding/terminating users, assigning rights and access, resetting
passwords, establishing e-mail addresses, assessing and reporting
operational status, performing backups and restores, etc.
Design, develop and maintain web-based applications including websites
and intranets.
Perform routine preventative maintenance and troubleshooting for
workstations, networks, software applications, phones, copiers and other
technologies.
Ensure networks, workstations, operating systems and software
applications are operational, ensure hardware and software are updated.
Increased profitability by ending payroll outsourcing and creating in house
payroll structure.
Increased profitability by ending IT outsourcing and creating and
maintaining in house computer network.

ADMINISTRATOR 05/2002 to 01/2008
Rios & Associates Houston, Texas
Direct all phases of billing process.
Reconciliation of bank statements and responding to customer/attorney
inquiries with heavy emphasis on problem solving and detail tracking.
Reconcile and balance client accounts.
Maintain daily cash accounts balances.
Prepare financial statements and budgets and produce month end reports
including 1099 reporting.
Manage IOLTA & operating accounts balances.
Manage all aspects of computer and email troubleshooting.
Performed payroll, reimbursements of vendors' invoices and employee
expense reports.
Assisted in computer conversion, extensive training in time and billing
areas.

EDUCATION Certified Associate Cloud Engineer Cloud Engineer 09/2020
Coursera, Online
BBA Business Administration/Information System Technology 2010
University of Phoenix Houston, Houston, Texas

Certification in Medical Billing and Coding 2000
Empire Careers, New York, NY

High School Diploma Accounting and Business 05/1999
Campus Magnet High School, Cambria Heights, NY

Mentor Mentoring Children in Abusive Setting 01/1999
The Queens Child Guidance Center, New York, NY
Con Edison Corporate Award Brooklyn, NY
Certificate of Achievement 1998-1999

ACCOMPLISHMENTS Consistenly meeting the highest collections per visit in Houston, had less than
1% rejection rate and PCR goal was 52% on a monthly basis.
Contact this candidate