Christopher Irisominabo
DevOps Engr Platform Engr Cloud Engineer
adu2we@r.postjobfree.com /+1-716-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/christopher-irisominabo-3a2b86244

OVERVIEW:
Highly motivated and dedicated individual seeking an environment that encourages continuous learning and willing to try new ideas and new technology.
I am a very industrious IT professional with over 5 years of experience as a Cloud and DevOps engineer. I have hands-on experience supporting, automating, and optimizing application deployments in AWS by building an automated CI/CD pipeline without forgoing security and performance. I have led and worked on multiple projects through the SDLC.
I am very detail-oriented when it comes to spotting anomalies and have excellent communication, problem-solving, and decision-making skills and always ready to try new tools/technology to improve performance and simplify deployments.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Having total 5+ years of IT experience as a DevOps Engineer role in the field of Software Configuration Management & Build, Release and Deployment Management in production.
Understanding the client environment, Administrating, and creating solutions using AWS Services, CI/CD.
Utilized Cloud Watch to monitor resources such as EKS by setting alarms for notification or automated actions, and to monitor logs for a better understanding and operation of the system.
Having good knowledge on SSH connections and password less authentications between servers.
Proficiency with Configuration Management tools & Build management tools such as Ansible, Git, Jenkins, and Terraform.
Hands on experience in Orchestration, Packages, Services, configuration, and deployment using Ansible.
Hands on writing custom Ansible Playbooks and Manifest Files.
Configuring Jenkins job with related plugins for Testing and Continuous Deployment to accomplish the complete CI / CD
Experience with Amazon Web services Creating, Configuring and Managing EC2, S3, VPC services across different availability zones.
Experience in using version controller tools like GIT.
Experience in building Docker images using Docker files

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
OPERATING SYSTEMS
REDHAT CENTOS, UBUNTU, WINDOWS
VERSION CONTROL TOOLS
GIT
BUILD MANAGEMENT TOOLS
Maven
SCRIPTING LANGUAGES
Shell scripting, Python
APPLICATION SERVERS
Apache Tomcat, JBoss /WildFly
CONTINUOUS INTEGRATION TOOLS
Jenkins, Gitlab
CONFIGURATION MANAGEMENT TOOL
Ansible
CONTAINERIZATION TOOL
Docker
CLOUD SERVICES
AWS (EC2, S3, EBS, ELB, IAM, AMI)
IAAC TOOL
Terraform, Cloudformation
MONITORING TOOL
Prometheus and Grafana, Nagios
STATIC CODE ANALYSIS TOOL
SonarQube
ARTIFACTORY STORAGE
Nexus, JFrog
CONTAINER ORCHESTRATION TOOLS
Kubernetes
TICKETING TOOL
JIRA
WEB SERVERS
Nginx, HAProxy, Apache

EXPERIENCE:
DevOps Engineer, Dominion Systems. Dec- 2017 - till date.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Software Configuration management (Automate CI & CD pipeline using Ansible, Nexus, Sonarqube, Maven, Jenkins, Terraform & GIT).
Implemented CI/CD pipeline for application deployment using tools like Git, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Nagios.
Container orchestration using Kubernetes. Installing and designing Kubernetes clusters, running jobs and deploying pods.
Build and deploy Docker containers to break up monolithic applications into micro services, improve developer workflow, increase scalability and optimizing speed using Kubernetes in AWS Elastic Containers Service (ECS).
Writing inventory and manifest files, ansible playbooks, terraform manifest files and k8s manifest files
Created Ansible playbooks for installation, patching, configuration of servers, user management, with different levels of access, file management, deployment and full automation.
Wrote terraform manifest yaml files to provision our infrastructure with eks clusters, ec2 instances, IAM roles, VPC’s, S3 bucket, and other resources on AWS.
Automating AWS cloud deployments using Shell script, Jenkins and Ansible.
Implement and manage the continuous integration and continuous Deployment.
Perform Build activities using Maven and Jenkins tool.
Coordinate/assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labelling/naming conventions using GIT source control.
Setup for Apache and Nginx webservers couple with AWS ELB SSL for all HTTP to HTTPS thereby maximizing security
Configured Security groups and locked them down to the various authorized subnet and IP addresses in AWS.
Analyse and resolve conflicts related to merging of source code for GIT.
Resolved merging issues during rebasing and re-integrating branches by conducting meetings with Development Team Leads.
Responsible for designing and deploying best SCM processes and procedures.
Working very closely with Developers and Build & Release team. We setup Jenkins server & slave nodes for build and release team as per request.
We recently started deploying our applications into an eks cluster rather than self-managed k8s clusters using kubeadm or KOPS
Supported and developed tools for integration, automated testing and release management.
Experience with container-based deployments using Docker, working with Docker images, Docker hub, and Docker registries, and configuring eks clusters using Terraform.
Used Helm to simplify code writing to handle complex application deployment integrated with Jenkins.
Created custom mode VPCs in AWS with multi-regional private and public subnets along with firewall rules to allow SSH, ICMP, and RDP ingress traffic.
Configured bastion hosts to securely connect to instances running in our private subnet on AWS.
Architected and implemented continuous integration and deployment pipelines using Jenkins
Performed package management, upgrades/patches, troubleshooting, maintenance, and monitoring of applications using Prometheus and Grafana.
Created, managed, and administered user accounts security and SSH password-less login
Network configuration & troubleshoot issues with respect to network and configuration files.
Set up maintenance scripts using metadata for graceful startup and shutdown of servers.
Used Jira to track vulnerabilities, requests, and incidents, and confluence for documentation.
Set quality gate policies on SonarQube for code coverages, to track bugs, vulnerabilities and failed the Jenkins pipeline when the threshold was not met.
Use Helm charts to deploy Prometheus and Grafana for monitoring.
Configure Namespaces, ressource quotas for diffèrent environnent. RBAC, HPA, CAS and Cluster RBAC.

Jr. DevOps Engineer, Dominion Systems. Dec-2016 to Dec-2017
Roles and Responsibilities:
Interacted with different development teams to provide support in deployment activities.
Experience in applying best practices in Cloud Security, auditing, and implementing security controls.
Implemented security best practices in AWS including multi-factor authentication, access key rotation, encryption using KMS, firewalls- security groups, RBAC and NACLs, S3 bucket policies and mitigating DDOS attacks, etc
Worked with multiple project managers from different vendors to understand the release plans and provided support according to their requirements.
For new applications, worked with development teams to get the requirements of application release process.
Analyse cloud infrastructures and recommend improvements for performance gains and cost-efficiency.
VPC peering with other accounts allowing access and routing to service and users of a separate accounts
Performed applications installation, upgrades/patches, troubleshooting, maintenance and monitoring of Linux servers.
Created AWS Lunch Templates based on customized AMI and used this lunch templates to configure auto-scaling groups.
Made use of Terraform for configuration, provision, and managing Infrastructure.
Provisioned Multi-regional VPCs with Private and Public Subnet on AWS.
Responsible for building, managing, and optimizing Kubernetes deployments, volumes, and replicas in the entire software development lifecycle.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:
Bachelors: Computer Science Landmark Metropolitan University. 2017
Contact this candidate