Eshwar Chatelli
Sr. DevOps / Cloud Engineer
Phone: +1-872-***-****
Email: adu4de@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary:
Sr. DevOps Engineer with an IT experience of around 7+ years in various Cloud environments like Azure, AWS. Expertise in Automate the infrastructure using Continuous Integration & Continuous delivery (CI/CD), and Configuration Management tools. Experience working as a System Administrator on different Linux environment flavor’s like RedHat, Centos, Ubuntu.
●Experienced in AWS Cloud Computing services such as EC2, S3, Lambda, API, DynamoDB, EBS, VPC, ELB, Route53, Cloud Watch, Security Groups, Glue, Quick Sight, Cloud Trail, IAM, Cloud Front, Snowball, EMR, RDS and Glacier also worked on DNS, SSL, and Firewalls.
●Experience working on Multiple AWS instances, set the security groups, Elastic Load Balancer and AMIs, Auto scaling to design cost effective, fault tolerant and highly available systems.
●Experience in migrating complete application infrastructure from physical datacenter to AWS cloud which includes Application, Database and Data Migration.
●Experience in automation and securing the infrastructure on AWS using CloudFormation, Terraform and AWS Lambda.
●Experience DevOps / SRE support to Cloud Transformation to include Infrastructure build-out in support of Cloud Transformation initiatives, Support and Guidance in refactoring of existing services to run in AWS, Support and Guidance for migrating existing services from OpenStack to AWS.
●Experience in using Terraform involved infrastructure as code, execution plans, resource graph and automated changes. Experience building tools for automation (Packer, Terraform) (building, testing, releasing, monitoring, and alarming).
●Experience in writing the playbooks and can manage 100’s of servers by pushing the code from servers to different nodes in Ansible.
●Experience on Configuring VMs availability sets using Azure portal to provide resiliency for IaaS based solution and scale sets using Azure Resource Manager to manage network traffic.
●Experience on Azure VPN-site to site & point to site, Virtual networks, Azure custom security, end security and firewall. Used Azure Express Route to set up a virtual private connection to Microsoft cloud services such as a Microsoft Azure, Office 365, and Dynamic 365.
●Working Experience on Microsoft Azure Cloud Services to provide IaaS, PaaS support to the client. Created Virtual Machines through the Azure portal and PowerShell.
●Experience in dealing with Windows Azure IaaS - Virtual Networks, Virtual Machines, Cloud Services, Resource Groups, Express Route, Traffic Manager, VPN, Load Balancing, Application Gateways, Auto-Scaling.
●Experience working on Azure Fabric, Micro services & Docker Containers in Azure. Ability to create scripts using Azure PowerShell during automation and built-in process.
●Worked on google cloud platform (GCP) services like compute engine, cloud load balancing, cloud storage, cloud SQL, stack driver monitoring and cloud deployment manager.
●Worked on GKE Topology Diagram including masters, slave, RBAC, helm, kubectl, ingress controllers GKE Diagram including masters, slave, RBAC, helm, kubectl, ingress controllers.
●Experience on developing continuous delivery product release pipelines, using tools such as Jenkins and enabled release and operations automation using Ansible.
●Integrated Jenkins with Docker container using Cloud bees Docker pipeline plugin and provisioned the EC2 instance using Amazon EC2 plugin.
●Experience with container-based deployments using Docker and working with Docker images, Docker Hub, Docker registries and Kubernetes.
●Experience in developing APIs using Kubernetes to manage and specify the copies of the containers to run the actual servers in the cloud. Scheduled, deployed, and managed container replicas onto a node cluster using Kubernetes.
●Designed DevOps workflow for multiple applications by orchestrating Test, Build, Release and Deploy phases through various CI/CD pipelines using Git, Jenkins, Chef and build the deliverable artifacts using Maven as a build tool in Jenkins for Java applications and deploy them to various environments.
●Built end to end CI/CD Pipelines in Jenkins to retrieve code, compile applications, perform tests and push build artifacts to Nexus.
●Strong experience in branching, tagging, and maintaining the version across environments using SCM tools such as Git and Bitbucket on Linux and Windows platforms. Also, good knowledge on TFS (Team Foundation Server) and CVS.
●Proficient on working with monitoring tools like Splunk, Nagios and ELK (Elastic Search, Log stash, Kibana). Designed an ELK system to monitor and search enterprise alerts.
●Good firsthand experience with various scripting tools such as Python, Shell, Bash, PowerShell, and Ruby for automating various cron jobs and notification process. Automated Nagios alerts and email notifications using Python script and executed them through Chef.
●Experience working with Virtualization technologies like VMware, Vagrant and Packer. Also, strong knowledge on Network Protocols like TCP, SMTP, DNS, HTTP, SNMP.
●Experience working with version control systems like Subversion, GIT and used Source code management tools GitHub, Bitbucket including command line applications.
●Experience in using the open-source monitoring tools like Zabbix, Nagios and Good knowledge in Splunk.
●Expert in deploying code through web application servers like Apache Tomcat, Apache webserver, WebLogic, JBoss, WebSphere and Nginx.
●Expertise in LINUX/UNIX system builds, administration, Installations, Upgrades, Troubleshooting on different distributions such as Ubuntu (16/14/13/12), Debian, CentOS (7/6/5), Red Hat (7/6/5/4), RHEL.
●Expertise in Installation, Support, Configuration with different flavors of LINUX RHEL, CentOS, Oracle Linux (OEL) 6.x/5.x, Debian, and Ubuntu. Installed and configured Red Hat LINUX Kickstart.

Technical Skills:
Cloud
AWS, Azure
Container Tools
Docker, Kubernetes, Docker Swarm, Mesos & Open shift
CI/CD Tools
Jenkins, Hudson, Bamboo
Build Tools
Ant, Maven, Gradle, Jenkins, Bamboo, Hudson.
Version Control Tools
GIT, GIT-lab, GitHub, Bitbucket, Subversion (SVN).
Monitoring Tools
Nagios, CloudWatch, Splunk, ELK, Service NOW, JIRA.
Scripting
Bash/Shell, Perl, Python, Ruby.
Databases
My SQL, MS Access, Oracle 9i/10g/11g, DB2, NoSQL (MongoDB, DynamoDB)
Configuration Management Tools
Chef, Ansible, Puppet, Terraform.
Web/App Servers
IBM WebSphere, Glassfish, Apache, Tomcat, JBOSS 4.x/5.x, Web Logic (8/9/10).
Networking
DNS, DHCP, NFS, WAN, LAN, HTTP, TCP/IP, FTP, SMTP, SSL, SSH
Operating Systems
Linux (RedHat 4/5/6/7), UBUNTU, UNIX, WINDOWS NT/2000/2003/XP/VISTA/7/8/10.
Virtualization Tech
VMware vSphere ESXi 5.x/4.x, ESX /3.x, VMware Workstation, Oracle Virtual box

Professional Experience

Visible, Denver, CO Apr 2021 - Present
Role: Sr. Cloud/DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:

●Part of an agile, dynamic team of technical experts responsible for the delivery of cloud-based services and solutions for the enterprise. Expertise in cloud-based experience in the build, deployment, and operation of software-defined infrastructure and services for business initiatives.
●Extensively worked on AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, ELB, EFS and Auto scaling groups, Optimized volumes and EC2 instances.
●Created Python Scripts to Automate AWS services which include Lambda, web servers, ELB, Cloud Front Distribution, database, EC2 and database security groups, S3 bucket and application configuration, this Script creates stacks, single servers or joins web servers to stacks.
●Managed highly available and fault tolerant systems in AWS, through various API's, console operations and CLI. Managed AWS infrastructure as code using Terraform.
●Developed ETL pipelines to ingest data to AWS RDS for data processing, data analysis using AWS Glue and AWS Athena, and data warehousing and visualization using AWS Redshift and AWS QuickSight
●Created IAM policies for delegated administration within AWS and Configure IAM Users/Roles/Policies to grant fine-grained access to AWS resources to users.
●Designed and developed AWS Cloud Formation templates to create custom VPC, Subnets, NAT to ensure deployment of web applications.
●Worked on Blue/green deployment strategy by creating new applications which are identical to the existing production environment using CloudFormation templates & Route53 weighted record sets to redirect traffic from the old environment to the new environment via DNS.
●Writing Bash and Python Scripts, to supplement automation provided by Ansible and Terraform for tasks such as encrypting EBS volumes backing AMIs and scheduling Lambda functions for routine AWS tasks.
●Deployed full managed web services using Elastic Bean Stalks and SNS and CloudWatch and configured path-based routing using ALB for HTTP/HTTPS traffic and NLB for TCP/IP traffic.
●Created RESTful services for various web-services involving both JSON and XML.
●Performed installing, configuring, supporting, and troubleshooting Unix/Linux Networking services and protocols like NIS, NIS+, OSPF, LDAP, DNS, NFS, DHCP, NAS, FTP, SSH and SAMBA.
●Configured and managing security groups and VPC in Automated way. Also developed various automated provisioning pipelines using Ansible for various AWS resources.
●Designing and implementing fully automated server build, management, monitoring, and deployment solutions spanning multiple platforms, tools and technologies including Jenkins Nodes/Agents, SSH, Amazon EC2 and packaging, deployment, and testing.
●Automated CI/CD with Jenkins, build-pipeline-plugin, maven, GIT Set up Jenkins master/slave to distribute builds on salve nodes. Integrating with Git and Jira to trigger builds using Web Hooks and Slave Machines.
●Instrumental in developing Jenkins build pipeline jobs using groovy for Node.js, .NET, and Java applications.
●Used Ansible and Ansible Tower as configuration management tool, to automate repetitive tasks, deploy applications, manage changes, automate software update, and verify functionality.
●Worked on Ansible to configure the servers, deploy software, and orchestrate continuous deployments for zero downtime rolling updates.
●Worked with Ansible playbooks for virtual and physical instance provisioning, configuration management, patching and software deployment.
●Implemented Jenkins Workflow and Plugins for repeatable deployments of multi-tier applications, artifacts and services to Docker and Red Hat.
●Maintained build related scripts developed in shell for Maven builds. Created and modified build configuration files including POM.xml. Configured Jenkins to build Java Code using Meta Case Software and executed CI process on the Java code generated.
●Worked on infrastructure with Docker containerization. Collaborated with development support teams to setup a continuous delivery environment with the use of Docker.
●Experience with the Kubernetes objects, such as Daemon-sets, Pods, Deployment, Jobs, Cronjobs.
●Delt with Docker Images and Containers using Kubernetes by creating whole Master and Minion. Installed antifactory-Ha on top of Kubernetes for Dynamix PVC provisioning.
●Built and deployed the application code using CLI Kubernetes like Kubectl, Kubelet, kubeadm, Kubespray and Scheduling the jobs using Kube-scheduler. Managed K8's charts using Helm and created reproducible builds of the Kubernetes applications.
●Contributed to python library that deploys k8s clusters using helm charts, in-house tool (SSDT) for service deployments into the k8s clusters.
●Developed and Implemented Kubernetes manifests, helm charts for deployment of microservices into k8s clusters.
●Working on OpenStack nova, setup monitoring on Kubernetes, New Relic for application performance and sumo logic for log monitoring performance.
●Implementing Kubernetes auth method to authenticate with HashiCorp Vault using a Kubernetes Service Account Token then integrates Vault token into a Kubernetes Pod.
●Creating Grafana Dashboards for monitoring the Kubernetes cluster using Prometheus for gauging the Availability of the API sever, scheduling rate of the Scheduler and using PromQL quires for specific metric.
●Managed code and versioning control using Git and supported development team on resolving branching and merging issues.
●Developed build and deployment scripts using Maven as build tool in Jenkins to move from one environment to other environments.
●Integrated Jenkins CI with GIT version control and implemented continuous build based on check-in for various cross functional applications and created GitHub Web Hooks to setup triggers for commit, push, merge and pull request events.
●Integrated Selenium regression test modules with Cucumber reporting into the CI framework and Worked with Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and JUnit framework for test automation in SQT.
●Monitored the health check of micro services using SumoLogic by creating dashboard and created system alerts using various datadog tools and alerted application teams based on the escalation matrix.
●Worked with administrators to ensure Splunk is actively and accurately running and monitoring on the current infrastructure implementation. Used JIRA for bug tracking, issue tracking and project management.

Environment and Tools: AWS EC2, S3, VPC, CloudWatch, EBS, Route 53, Lambda, Cloud Formation, IAM, Elastic Search, Log Stash, Ansible Tower, Docker, Terraform, Maven, Jenkins, GitHub, JIRA, Nagios, Splunk, RHEL, Solaris, CentOS, Shell scripting, Python Scripting, Ansible, CI/CD.

Humana, Louisville, KY Mar 2019 - Mar 2021
Role: Sr. Cloud/DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:

●Designed and configured Azure Virtual Networks (VNets), subnets, Azure network settings, DHCP address blocks, DNS settings, security policies and routing.
●Involved in configuration of Webapps/Function apps, V-net integration, HCM, Application gateway, App Insights, Active directory, Azure Key Vault, Encryption and Security on AZURE using ARM templates and PowerShell script.
●Involved in planning the architecture to create the Azure Cloud environment to host migrated IaaS VMs and PaaS role instances for refactored applications and databases.
●Worked on Azure OMS & Power BI for visualizing the activities. Also used Azure App Insights, Alerts and Log Analytics for Monitoring as part of OMS.
●Exposed Virtual machines and cloud services in the VNets to the Internet using Azure External Load Balancer.
●Configured ADFS and AD for on-Premises domain and configured Azure VPN for Virtual Network Creating Azure Backup vault and protecting required VMs to take the VM level backups.
●Managed Identity Access management of Azure Subscriptions, Azure AD, Azure AD Application, Proxy, Azure AD Connect, Azure AD Pass through Authentication.
●Implemented high availability with Azure Classic and Azure Resource Manager deployment models. Used Azure Container Service (ACS) to manage the Kubernetes environment and orchestrate the docker containers as well. Designed Azure Resource Manager template and extensive experience in designing custom build steps using PowerShell.
●Created Terraform templates for provisioning virtual networks, subnets, VM Scale sets, Load balancers and NAT rules and used Terraform graph to visualize execution plan using the graph command. Written Templates for Azure Infrastructure as code using Terraform to build staging and production environments.
●Integrated Azure Log Analytics with Azure VMs for monitoring the log files, store them and track metrics and used Terraform as a tool, Managed different infrastructure resources Cloud, VMWare, and Docker containers.
●Used ASPX View Engine with MVC3 framework standards-based web applications using well-established design patterns and the power of ASP.NET and the .NET Framework.
●Implemented Corp, 2FA and Role based authentication mechanism in Azure CXP Tools uses Microsoft Azure Active Directory and DSTS (Datacenter Security Token Service)
●Developed, coded, debugged, maintained, tested, and implemented UNIX/LINUX, C and C++ code elements.
●Written Chef Cookbooks and recipes to Provision several pre-production environments consisting of Cassandra DB installations and several proprietary middleware installations.
●Used Ansible and Ansible Tower as configuration management tool, to automate repetitive tasks, deploy applications, manage changes, automate software update, and verify functionality.
●Worked on Ansible to configure the servers, deploy software, and orchestrate continuous deployments for zero downtime rolling updates.
●Used Jenkins pipelines to drive all microservices builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes.
●Worked with Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform for Docker and Kubernetes. Used Kubernetes to manage containerized applications using its nodes, ConfigMaps, selector, Services, and deployed application containers as Pods.
●Configured and setup Kubernetes Cluster environment with master and Nodes. Managed local deployments in Kubernetes using minikube, creating local cluster and deploying application containers.
●Involved in development of Test environment on Docker containers and configuring the Docker containers using Kubernetes.
●Created Python and Bash scripts to monitor & increase efficiency of retail management application system and installs which was conducted by Jenkins.
●Used Zabbix as monitoring tool and used Zabbix plugin for Grafana for analysis & visualization.
●Managed code and versioning control using Git and supported development team on resolving branching and merging issues.
●Implemented Jenkins Workflow and Plugins for repeatable deployments of multi-tier applications, artifacts and services to Docker and Red Hat.
●Responsible for installation & configuration of Jenkins to support various open s builds and Jenkins plugins to automate continuous builds and publishing Docker images to the Nexus repository.
●Integrated Jenkins CI with GIT version control and implemented continuous build based on check-in for various cross functional applications and created GitHub Web Hooks to setup triggers for commit, push, merge and pull request events.
●Used MAVEN as a build tool on Java projects and written maven POM files from scratch for multi-modules projects for the development of build artifacts on the source code.
●Configuring and managing ELK stack, setup the elastic search ELK Stack to collect search and analyze log files from across the servers and integration of Application with monitoring tool New Relic for complete insight and proactive monitoring.
●Worked with administrators to ensure Splunk is actively and accurately running and monitoring on the current Infrastructure implementation. Used JIRA for bug tracking, issue tracking and project management.
●Used Python API for uploading all the agent logs into Azure blob storage. Used Azure BLOB to access required files and Azure Storage queues to communicate between related processes.
●Designed and integrated Pivotal cloud foundry (PCF) on Microsoft Azure. Deployed PCF using CF push and urban code deploy. Ensured successful architecture and deployment of enterprise grade PaaS solutions using Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) and worked on the implementation of micro services in PCF.
●Experience with installation and configuration of Dynatrace monitoring tool. And created email alerts and threshold values using Dynatrace for our environment.
●Coordinate with other teams to support network hardware such as firewalls and switches and storage hardware such as SAN and NAS systems.
●Evaluated Eggplant – test automation tool in preparation for building a suite of automated tests.

Environment and Tools: Microsoft Azure, PCF, CHEF, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Maven, Git, Elastic Search, Log Stash, Kibana, Splunk, Nagios, Nexus, JIRA, Bamboo, Cassandra, Mac OS X, Windows RHEL, CentOS, Tomcat, Apache, MySQL, LDAP, SSH, BIND, JSON, CI/CD, Ruby, Python and PowerShell scripting.
Charter Communication, Irving, TX Aug 2017 - Feb 2019
Role: Cloud/DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:

●Designed and implemented scalable, secure cloud architecture based on Amazon Web Services. Involved in designing and deploying a large application utilizing AWS stack (including EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, Lambda, VPC, SNS, SQS, IAM, Redshift) focusing on high availability, fault tolerance, and auto-scaling in AWS Cloud Formation.
●Managed highly available and fault tolerant systems in AWS, through various API's, console operations and CLI. Managed AWS infrastructure as code using Terraform.
●Wrote Lambda functions in python for AWS Lambda and invoked python scripts for data transformations and analytics on large data sets in EMR clusters and AWS Kinesis data streams.
●Utilized AWS Glue and AWS Athena to perform querying and analysis and used AWS Redshift for data warehousing.
●Written Terraform templates for automating VPCs, ELBs, security groups, SQS queues, S3 buckets, and continuing to replace the rest of our infrastructure. Managed different infrastructure resources such as Cloud, VMware, Bare Metal Servers, and Docker containers using Terraform.
●Produced comprehensive architecture strategy for environment mapping in AWS that involved Active Directory, LDAP, AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) Role for AWS API Gateway platform.
●Setting up AWS direct connects and monitoring private network connection between AWS and corporate datacenter and other regions with network latency.
●Configured CloudWatch events to trigger Lambda functions, Auto Scaling groups and created SNS notifications using S3 events for object loss notifications.
●Used AWS Beanstalk for deploying and scaling web applications and services developed with Java, java, Node.js, Python, Ruby, and Docker on familiar servers like Apache.
●Installed and configured Chef and developed recipes for automated infrastructure deployment of monitoring applications for OpenStack Environment. Made Backup scripts for storing the configuration of all OpenStack services.
●Used Cinder to enable persistent storage for applications deployed in OpenStack and implemented horizontal Auto Scaling use cases using OpenStack components.
●Implemented Chef Recipes for Deployment on build on internal Data Centre Servers. Also re-used and modified same Chef Recipes to create a Deployment directly into Amazon EC2 instances.
●Implemented and designed AWS virtual servers by Ansible roles to ensure deployment of web applications.
●Created Ansible roles in YAML and defined tasks, variables, files, handlers, and templates. Created inventory and configured the Ansible files for parallel deployment in Ansible for automating the Continuous delivery process.
●Worked on Integrating Docker container-based test infrastructure to Jenkins CI test flow and set up build environment integrating with Git and JIRA to trigger builds using WebHooks and Slave Machines.
●Extensively worked on Docker containers by deploying and maintaining production environment using AWS EC2 instances. Worked on infrastructure with Docker containerization using docker weave.
●Automated the installation of Kubernetes single node environment on a Jenkins slave node using Kubeadm setup scripts. Implemented a Continuous Delivery (CD) pipeline with Docker, Jenkins and GitHub and AWS AMI's.
●Used Kubernetes to deploy scale, load balance and manage Docker containers with multiple namespace ids.
●Integrated AWS with other systems like Jenkins, Chef and HP service Manager to develop CI/CD pipelines for automating Prod deployments using REST APIs.
●Worked on setting up Jenkins server and building jobs to provide continuous automated builds based on polling the GIT SCM during the day and periodically scheduled builds overnight to support development.
●Implemented a centralized logging system using log stash configured as an ELK stack (Elastic search, Log stash, and Kibana) to monitor system logs, VPC Flow logs, Cloud Trail Events, changes in S3.
●Maintained build related scripts developed in shell for Maven builds. Created and modified build configuration files including POM.xml.
●Used ANT as a build tool in kubernetes projects for the development of build artifacts on the source code. Involved in editing the existing ANT files in case of errors or changes in the project requirements.
●Coordinate/assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labeling/naming conventions using GIT source control.
●Configured and managed Nagios for monitoring over existing AWS Cloud platform. Build Nagios monitors for new services being deployed.
●Involved in setting up JIRA as defect tracking system and configured various workflows, customizations, and plugins for the JIRA bug/issue tracker.
●Worked on building scripts and automating solutions using scripting languages like Shell, Python, Ruby.
●Worked on Creating Python Scripts to Automate AWS services which include web servers, ELB, Cloud front Distribution, database, EC2 and database security groups, S3 bucket and application configuration in which this Script creates stacks, single servers or joins web servers to stacks.
●Worked on SonarQube for continuous inspection of code quality to provide automatic reviews which includes languages like Java, Python, and PHP.
●Supported infrastructure consisting of RHEL 4.x 5.x, 6.x, CentOS and Ubuntu 12.04 and 14.04. Installation, configuration, administration of RHEL OS on Standalone servers using kickstart installation.

Environment and Tools: AWS EC2, S3, VPC, Route 53, Cloud Formation, IAM, Cloud watch, Elastic Search, Log Stash, Kibana, Ansible, Docker, AWS, Terraform, Maven, Jenkins, Bitbucket, SVN, JIRA, Nagios, Splunk, RHEL, Solaris, CentOS, Shell scripting, Python Scripting, CI/CD.

Ally, Charlotte, NC Jun 2016 - July 2017
Role: Cloud/DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:

●Worked in AWS environment, instrumental in utilizing Compute Services (EC2, ELB), Storage Services (S3, Elastic Block Storage), Elastic Beanstalk, VPC, SNS, IAM.
●Designed & implemented VPC service for extension of on-premises datacenter with AWS Cloud using VPN & Direct connect services.
●Utilized Cloud Watch to monitor resources like EC2, CPU memory, Amazon RDS DB services, EBS volumes to set alarms for notification or automated actions to monitor logs for better understanding of the operations.
●Implemented Chef cookbooks for OS component configuration to keep AWS server’s template minimal and written recipes and cookbooks for configuring server side through Chef.
●Integrated Chef cookbooks into Jenkins jobs for CD framework and created roles, environments using Chef handlers for different auto kickoff requirement jobs.
●Written wrapper scripts to automate the deployment of cookbooks on nodes and running the chef-client on them in a Chef-Solo environment.
●Designed DevOps workflow for multiple applications by orchestrating Test, Build, Release and Deploy phases through various CI/CD pipelines using Git, Jenkins, Chef and build the deliverable artifacts using Maven as a build tool in Jenkins for Java applications and deploy them to various environments.
●Built end to end CI/CD Pipelines in Jenkins to retrieve code, compile applications, perform tests and push build artifacts to Nexus.
●Developed Python scripts to automate various system tasks, OS patches for dev environments, and deployment of applications to testing/ prod environments using Python OS modules.
●Created and maintained the Shell deployment scripts for WebLogic and web application servers.
●Worked with Maven for building the application, and written maven scripts and shell scripts to automate the build process and used CI tools like Jenkins to move from one environment to other environments.
●Managed the Maven Repository using Nexus Artifactory tool and used the same to share the binary (EAR, WAR & JAR) snapshots.
●Worked on source control management tools like GIT (GitHub), Subversion (SVN) and creating GIT repositories with specified branching strategies and integrating GIT into the continuous Integration (CI) environment along with Jenkins.
●Installed and configured Nagios to manage infrastructure by setting up email alerts and notifications using python scripts an executed them through chef.
●Experience with setting up Linux servers for Oracle Real Application Clusters and configuring SAN based mount points.

Environment and Tools: AWS, S3, EBS, Redshift, IAM, EC2, Cloud Watch, SNS, Elastic Load Balancer, AWS Auto Scaling, Apache, Tomcat, NGNIX, Tomcat, Apache, JBOSS, JSON, GIT, Chef, Splunk, Oracle, Windows, Linux Shell scripting and Bash scripts.

Orion Technologies, Hyderabad, India Aug 2015 - May 2016
Role: Build and Release Engineer

Responsibilities:

●Responsible for Creating Builds, Staging and deploying Software Content across multiple environments (DEV, QA, Demo, Test, Staging, UAT and Production).
●Designed and managed Build and Release cycle activities in Agile Methodologies. Developed build and deployment processes for Pre-production environments. Managed Sona type Nexus an enterprise-level package management server.
●Used Jenkins for Continuous Integration and deployment into Tomcat application server. Installed and Configured the Nexus repository manager for sharing the artifacts within the company.
●Set up Jenkins server and build jobs to provide Continuous Automated builds based on polling the Git source control system during the day and periodic scheduled builds overnight to support development needs using Jenkins and Git.
●Configured GIT with Jenkins and schedule jobs using POLL SCM option and integrated to automate the code checkout process. Wrote JUnit test cases for unit, integration, and
Contact this candidate