LAKSHMAN SAI CHOWDARY GUNDAPANENI
DevSecOps / Cloud Engineer
Phone: 779-***-****
Email Id: adueh8@r.postjobfree.com

Summary
Around 8 years of IT Industry experience with emphasis in DevOps methodologies and focused on Automation of Build/ Deployment/ Environment Management areas by implementing CI/CD pipelines to help teams deliver a better and reliable software into production environments.
Created Dockerfiles for Dotnet and java applications with security enabled
Architected Disaster recovery strategy for different clients
Worked on Jenkins and Docker interactively and integrating together for end-to-end automation of builds and deployments.
Good hands-on experience in working with configuration management tools like Puppet, Chef and Ansible.
Expertise in Azure Development, worked on Azure web application, App services, Azure SQL Database, Azure storage, Virtual Machines, Azure AD, Azure search, App Insights, VNet Peering and Notification hub.
Cloud Platforms AZURE (API Management Services, Data Factories, App Services, Data Lake Store, SQL Databases & Virtual Machines)
Used Terraform as IAAC to create infrastructure in different environments
Worked with Terraform for automating VPCs, ELBs, security groups, SQS, S3 buckets.
In-depth knowledge of computer applications and shell scripts Bash, Python, and Power Shell for automating tasks.
Enabled Checkmarx, Whitesource tools as part of security scanning’s
Remediated Security and Operations vulnerabilities in docker images and source code
Experienced in custom VPC configurations and Cloud Formation templates for rapid deployments, High Availability and well Architected Frameworks for the Cloud.
Built Kubernetes platform on Azure, AWS
Enabled HA for Postgress Flexible Servers
Enabled Folder level permissions in Jenkins
Done cloud migration from physical data center towards Amazon Web services (AWS) and had good understanding with Public, Private and Hybrid Cloud Environments.
Experience in merging, branching strategies, bug fixes and configuration of version control tools like Subversion, GIT, Bit Bucket, GitLab and Git Hub for smooth release management into production environments.
Extensively worked with CI/CD and configuration management tools like Jenkins, Puppet, and Chef.
Expertise with build tools like MAVEN and ANT for the building of deployable artifacts such as jar, war and ear from source code and plugin management as per requirements.
Worked in using various artifact repository managers like Nexus, Arti-factory, and Jfrog for Maven builds
Had experience with Kubernetes for containerization management and docker
Experience in container orchestration tool Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS). Able to run stateless and stateful applications on AKS cluster, using health-checks, config maps, secrets.

Technical Skill set:

Web Technologies
HTML, XML, CSS
Languages
C, C++, .NET, XML, SHELL, PERL, Python, Ruby, PowerShell
Build/Release Tools
Jenkins, Docker, AWS, Chef, puppet, Akamai, Ant, Vagrant, Hudson, GitHub, Ansible, Open Stack and Salt Stack, Splunk, Zabbix, Terraform, Nexus
SCM Tools
Git, CVS, SVN, Perforce, TFS, ClearCase
Operating Systems
UNIX, Linux - Red hat/Centos/ Ubuntu, HP-UX, Solaris, Microsoft Windows NT, MAC OS
Database
MySQL, Oracle 9i/10g, SQL Server, Mongo DB, Cassandra, Postgress
Azure Services
AKS, App Insights, ACI, Azure AD, Azure policies, Azure SQL, Azure Blob Storage
AWS Services
EC-2, ELB, VPC, RDS, IAM, Cloud Formation, Fargate, S3, Cloud Watch, Cloud trial, Cognito,s SNS, SQS, SWF, EBS, Amazon direct connect
Web Servers
Oracle Web logic server11g/10g /9, Apache, Tomcat, NGINX WebLogic 8.1/9.2, WebSphere, JBoss, Oracle ATG web commerce, IIS
Scripting Languages
UNIX Shell scripting, Bash, Perl scripting, PowerShell, Ruby scripts, python scripting
Bug Tracking Tools
JIRA, Remedy
Cloud Technologies
AWS, Open stack, Azure

Education: Bachelor’s in Computer Science Engineering

Client: MASTER CARD
Role: DevOps Engineer & Cloud Engineer
Duration: Feb 2021-Present
Location: Illinois

Responsibilities:
Managed network security using Load balancer, Auto-scaling, Security groups and NACL.
Using Terraform to manage infrastructure on multiple cloud environments, service providers, and on-premises server's to utilize services such as compute instances, storage, networking, DNS, and so forth.
Installed and managed GIT Source code tools, ensuring the application's stability and developing the GIT Branching Strategies and Resolved conflicts related to merging of source code for GIT.
Defined AWS Lambda functions for making changes to Amazon S3 buckets and updating Amazon DynamoDB table.
Implemented a 'server less' architecture using API Gateway, Lambda and Dynamo DB and deployed AWS Lambda code from Amazon S3 buckets. Created a Lambda Deployment function and configured it to receive events from your S3 bucket.
Completely supported Maven Build Lifecycle for different projects with build, package, and test and deploy artifacts, resolving POM dependencies and upload jars to non-public whenever required for unsupported builds. Writing groovy scripts to create a Jenkins file for most of the automation activities that is been running/performing manually so far
Maintained and managed the Azure Services with Virtual Machine. Involved in developing the Azure Solution and Services like IaaS and PaaS. Managed Azure Infrastructure Web Roles, Worker Roles, Storage, Azure AD Licenses, Office365.
Created Cache Memory on Windows Azure to improve the performance of data transfer between SQL Azure and WCF services.
Installation of monitoring tools such as Nagios, Splunk, Introscope and on boarding application onto portal and interfacing it other applications.
Configured Application Life Cycle Management (ALM) tools like JIRA, Trello, to track the progress of the project.
Good knowledge on protocols and REST and SOAP webservices.
Experienced in Administration of Production, Development and Test environments carrying different operating system platforms like Windows, Ubuntu, Red Hat Linux, HTTP, TCP and DNS.
Worked on implementing backup methodologies by PowerShell Scripts for Azure Services like Azure SQL Database, Key Vault, Storage blobs, Postgress SQL Single Servers and App Services etc.
Migrated source code repositories from BITBUCKET to GITHUB with history and PULL REQUESTS using automated Jenkins builds
Setup and configured Doppler for secret management
Deployed Kafka applications in ACI, ECS for KEDA Scaled Jobs Kafka scaler integration
Created Groovy Scripts to integrate with Jenkins for automation to different tasks.
Installed and configured ELK for application logs
Good in Manage hosting plans for Azure Infrastructure, implementing & deploying workloads on Azure Virtual Machines (VMs), Design and implement VM storage & good understanding on Implementing images/disks.
Configured Azure Virtual Networks, subnets, DHCP address blocks, Azure network settings, DNS settings, security policies and routing.
Build and Managed K8s with Gitlab CICD
Experienced in automated builds of Micro Services, API’s, UI’s and databases using Team City and deployments using Octopus Deploy.
Configured Sonarqube as a code quality tool as part of CICD pipeline and enabled quality checks
Enabled Checkmarx, Whitesource tools as part of security scanning’s
Remediated Security and Operations vulnerabilities in docker images and source code
Experienced with Chef, GIT, Jenkins, and Octopus to automate build deployment and other change management practices.
Developed Git workflows and built CI/CD pipelines using GitHub, Jenkins, and Maven to automate deployments.
Administered JFROG as artifactory for storing helm charts, docker images and enabled JFROG Scanning on images
Expertise in working with Terraform key features such as Infrastructure as a code, execution plans, resource graphs, change automation and created infrastructure in a coded manner using Terraform.
Hands on experience in creating resources, using Azure Terraform modules, and automated infrastructure management.
Created CI/CD pipelines using Azure DevOps and Octopus.
Similar infrastructure is deployed to Azure and additional cloud providers or on-premises datacenters using Terraform and managed infrastructure on multiple cloud providers.
Building/Maintaining Docker container clusters managed by Kubernetes Windows, PowerShell, GIT, Docker, on Azure Cloud.
Used Dynatrace and Datadog for monitoring Infra and applications
Client: USAI
Role: DevOps Engineer & Cloud Engineer
Duration: May 2018 – Jan 2021
Location: Illinois

Responsibilities:
Streamlined installation of OpenShift (PaaS) on partner cloud infrastructure such as AWS and Azure. Applying company security policies using Security groups and Network ACLs for instance and subnet level security as per project requirements.
Using Python included Boto3 to supplement automation provided by Ansible and Terraform for tasks such as encrypting EBS volumes backing AMIs and scheduling Lambda functions for routine AWS tasks.
Experience working with both Confluent and Apache Kafka
Deployed Pipelines to Multi Cloud Environments
Automated installation of New Relic agents and updates using Octopus Deploy.
Enabled Backups for Postgress Single Servers via Backup Centre
Enabled HA for Postgress Flexible Servers
Experiencing in setting up the infrastructure using AWS services including ELB, EC2, Elastic container services (ECS), Auto-scaling, S3, IAM, VPC, RDS, Cloud Trail, Cloud Watch, Elastic Cache, Lambda, Kinesis, SNS, Glacier, Cloud Formation, Storage Gateway, Code Commit, Code Deploy and Code Pipeline.
Enabled Folder level permissions in Jenkins
Modeled and automated the End-to-End Continuous Integration/Deployment/Delivery pipeline which included building a Continuous Integration server utilizing tools like Jenkins, Artifactory, Maven, GIT and Sonar. Used Jfrog Artifactory as our external repository manager to store and retrieve the build artifacts.
Administering and configuring load balancers on Akamai.
Experience with Akamia CDN architecture and caching techniques.
Installed and configured word press and drupal websites.
Perform pro-active system monitering using nagios and akamai.
Design and Implementing Ansible, used to manage web applications, Configuration files, Groups, Users. Experiences in managing and configuring nodes with Ansible server and workstation and used Ansible to orchestrate software updates and verify functionality. Implemented automated local user provisioning in instances created in OpenStack cloud through Ansible Play books.
Designed AWS CloudFormation templates for creating custom sized VPC, Subnets, NAT to ensure successful deployment of Web applications and database templates.
Deployed serverless application with service as ECS Fargate, ECR and DynamoDB
Creating Jenkins to build the artifacts using maven, deploy the Terraform templates to create the stack and experience in Installing and configuring basic High Availability Web Platforms using Terraform.
Using Jenkins and pipelines to drive all microservices builds using Maven/Gradle for Artifacts and Docker file Builds to Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes by building Production Grade Kube Clusters with KOPS.
Good working experience on OpenShift v3 and containerization of apps using Docker and Responsible for installation & configuration of Jenkins to support various Java builds and Jenkins plugins to automate continuous builds and publishing Docker images to the Nexus repository.
Monitoring builds and deployments to ensure that failed builds or deployments are addressed in a timely manner using AppDynamics. Controlling administrative activities like user management, application management with AppDynamics and experience in network monitoring tool CA Wily, Nagios.
Managing systems routine backup, scheduling jobs like disabling and enabling Cronjobs, enabling system logging, network logging of servers for maintenance, performance tuning, testing.

Client: Wipro LTD
Role: DevOps Engineer
Duration: Jan2016 – Mar 2018
Location: Hyderabad, INDIA

Responsibilities:

Build scripts using ANT, and MAVEN build tools in Jenkins, Sonar to move from one environment to other environments.
Extensive experience using MAVEN as build tools for the building of deployable artifacts (jar, war &ear) from source code.
Designed and presented Container based delivery utilizing modern cutting-edge technologies such as Docker.
Involved in writing Python scripts for Cookbooks in Chef and worked with bug ticketing tool Jira.
Used Chef for server provisioning and infrastructure automation in a SaaS environment.
Written Chef Cookbooks for various DB configurations to modularize and optimize product configuration, converting production support scripts to Chef Recipes and AWS server provisioning using Chef Recipes.
Automate deployment using Ansible to provision amazon AWS Instances to enable continuous deployments.
Worked and maintained the branching, Staging, build, and release strategies using SCM tools like Subversion, GIT and Bitbucket.
Setup various Jenkins jobs for build and test automation and created Branches, Labels and performed Merges in GIT to access the repositories and used in coordinating with CI tools.
Implemented Continuous Integration using Jenkins and GIT, Installing/upgrading Jenkins’s infrastructure on multiple servers.
Experienced in working with Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) process implementation-using Jenkins along with Python and Shell scripts to automate routine jobs.
Created monitoring script in python for AWS infrastructure saving costs instead of using CloudWatch.
Installed the application on AWS EC2 AMI Instances and configured the storage on S3 bucket.
Hands on Experience with ETL tools such as AWS Glue, Using Data pipeline to move data to AWS RedShift.
Experienced in working with AWS IAM to create new accounts, roles, and groups.
Maintained proper documentation of all the activities carried out during the project using Confluence.

Client: RBL Bank LTD
Role: Software Engineer
Duration: Aug2014- Jan 2016
Location: Hyderabad, INDIA

Responsibilities:

Configured and monitored distributed and multi-platform servers using chef. Defined Chef Server and workstation to manage and configure nodes.
Experienced in authoring pom.xml files, performing releases with the Maven release plugin, and managing Maven repositories.
Maintained build related scripts developed in ANT, Python, and shell. Modified build configuration files including Ant’s build.xml.
Participated in the release cycle of the product which involves environments like Development, QA, UAT and Production.
Extensive understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Project Management within Agile environments.
Performed Backend Testing by writing SQL Queries with SQL as RDBMS Database.
Identifying Cross Functional Dependencies, Monitoring & tracking the release milestones.
Maintained build related scripts developed in ANT, Python, and shell. Modified build configuration files including Ant’s build.xml.
Analyze and create daily reports on the status of server backups on intranet and extranet.
Maintained build related scripts developed in ANT, Python, and shell. Modified build configuration files including Ant’s build.xml.
Participated in the release cycle of the product which involves environments like Development, QA, UAT and Production.
Extensive understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Project Management within Agile environments.
Performed Backend Testing by writing SQL Queries with SQL as RDBMS Database.
Identifying Cross Functional Dependencies, Monitoring & tracking the release milestones.
Contact this candidate