Ching Song Etiene Kain
US Army Specialist
Sicklerville, NJ
240-***-****
aduk2e@r.postjobfree.com

RECRUITING & SOURCING TALENT ACQUISITION INTERVIEWING

Results-driven technical recruiter experience interacting and collaborating with candidates, administrative staff, and hiring teams. Accomplished measurable results while managing success outcomes in a variety of military and corporate environments. Possess a comprehensive background in IT technical recruiting for a variety of positions, including cloud, test, and software engineers, cloud and system architects, data scientists, software developers, and cybersecurity specialists. Demonstrated expertise in marketing techniques, strategic planning, and hiring best practices. Utilizes critical thinking to drive organizational efficiency and effectiveness. Career supported by a Master’s in Human Resource Management.

Sourcing Strategies
Phone Screenings
Onboarding Procedures

Account Management
Market Data Quality
Stakeholder Collaboration

Business Analysis
Process Improvement
Relationship Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Xashyin, LLC 2021 – Present
Technical Recruiter

Full life Cycle Recruiter responsible for sourcing, screening, onboarding, and following up on new hires to make sure they do what is required of them.
Performed sourcing and recruiting of high-quality talent for open IT positions, including cyber security, information security specialist, software architects, DevOps engineers, node developers, IT managers, UI developers, and .Net, Java/J2EE, SQL Server, and Oracle experts.
Performed full lifecycle recruiting (almost everything along the Software development lifecycle), including sourcing, interviewing, qualifying, and placement for a full range of IT contracts, contract to perm, and direct hire positions on W2 hourly and salaried work types.
Sourced IT roles, including software engineering, cloud engineers, test engineers, cloud architects, system architects, and data scientists.
Define job descriptions and short-list candidates based on requirements, technology skillset, experience, and education.
Collaborate with hiring managers to understand their hiring needs and goals.
Leverage multiple sourcing strategies to provide high-quality candidates for open positions.
Completed first-round telephonic screening of profiles, communicate with candidates on a regular basis, and arrange and conduct interviews.
Check references, negotiate project terms, coordinate the interview process, extend offers, and close candidates.
Create and prepare work orders, offer letters, and experience letters in a timely and efficient manner.
Reach out to candidates after onboarding to ensure they are settling into their roles.
Perform sourcing using different strategies and sourcing tools, including cold pooling and Boolean searches.
Versed in development and programming tools with a solid understanding of the software development lifecycle.
Assessed resumes and qualifications to ensure compatibility in relation to position requirements.
Part of the career fair team, completed phone screenings and interviews, developed offers, negotiated with candidates, and closed offers following acceptance.
Effectively creating Boolean strings using tools like HireEZ

MILITARY EXPERIENCE

Fuel Supply Specialist United States Army Reserve, 2022 – Present

CHING SONG ETIENE KAIN PG. 2

EDUCATION

Masters, Human Resource Management East Central University, Oda, OK – 2019
Bachelor of Science, Agribusiness University of Buea – 2014

TRAINING & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Supply Specialist Course Quartermaster Command, United States Army – 2022
Equal Opportunity Training Course, United States Army-2022
Finance Management Course United States Army-2022

Security Clearance
Favorable Clearance

SOURCING TOOLS & SPECIALTIES

HireEZ LinkedIn Recruiter, Google Advanced Image search, Twitterbeaver.
Roles Sourced: IT Roles – (DevOps, Frontend, Full Stack & Backend Engineers), Data Scientist, Cloud Engineer & Architect, Program Manager, Product Manager & IT Manager Non-IT Roles – Business Analyst, Technical Account Manager, Finance Specialist

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
Software Development Cycle
ATS (Workable, Greenhouse) MSOffice 365 Calendly
Contact this candidate