E D U C A T I O N
INDIANA UNIVERSITY - BLOOMINGTON
MASTER OF SCIENCE IN DATA
SCIENCE
PREM AMAL
+1-812-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/
prem-amal-0796b9167/
aduvdj@r.postjobfree.com
SKILLS
3 years of experience in handling clients for delivering solutions that include the development of data architecture, data models, and data pipelines. Responsible for migration, deployment, and management of pipelines using AWS services and IICS. Certified AWS, GCP and Tableau developer.
P U B L I C A T I O N S
Protection of Mangrove Forests
using Image Processing
Techniques.
URL:
https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/s
tamp.jsptp=&arnumber=8991261&i
snumber=8991147
EXPERIENCE
Quantiphi Analytics Private Ltd.
Migrated the legacy ORACLE database to Cloud using AWS services. Designed and implemented a data warehouse involving various heterogeneous data sources such as SQL, CSV files, JSON, and XML resulting in annual cost savings of 25% of the total cost.
Developed real-time ETL pipelines for ingesting, cleansing, and processing insurance domain data using Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services (IICS) and AWS with an uptime of 99.8%.
Established a process to handle change data capture which optimized the data pipeline improving the performance by 95%.
Implemented a data pipeline to process the semi-structured XML and JSON data using python and stored the parsed data into the common data model in Redshift. Set up a Reconciliation process for validating the various KPIs loaded which reduced the manual workload by more than 30%.
Leveraged IICS email notification and AWS SNS service for various Real-time notifications and mail alert to clients and users. Worked on building a code-based ETL tool, reducing dependency on third-party ETL tools, and giving more flexibility in functionality. Thus improving upon the scalability and expected 50% cost reduction.
Deployed the framework of the tool on ECS Fargate that was orchestrated using Implemented Python-based logic to parse JSON data coming from Dynamo DB through Kinesis Stream.
Trained the model using an inbuilt Sagemaker Classification algorithm & performed labeling to the different image classes. For the dataset having video clips, have written a logic to read each frame & pass it to the classification & object detection model. Regenerated the video with bounding boxes for the damaged part.
Implemented Convolution Neural Networks on ECG Data from MIT to detect Arrhythmia.
Automated Data Augmentation and reshaping techniques to achieve Accuracy of 97%.
The tool can be improvised and used by Cardiologists worldwide to detect Arrhythmia and treat them.
Build a system to answer questions in natural language for the image presented.
CNNs pre-trained Res-Net 152 were used for Image Embedding and Question Embedding using LSTM.
Data Analytics Platform
Automated Data Integration Pipelines
Containerized ETL Application
Step Function which resulted in an annual cost savings of $103000. Car Insurance (Image + Video) - Damage Estimation: Number Plate Detection: Used AWS Textract service and lambda function to extract the car's number from the image & stored it in the database.
Notable Projects:
Arrhythmia Detection using Deep Learning Techniques: Visual Question Answering using Natural Language Processing: The VQA acheived an accuracy of 66% and can be scoped to many real- world applications.
AWS Certified Solution Architect - Associate
GCP Associate Cloud Engineer
Tableau Desktop Specialist
AINS 21
CERTIFICATIONS
Received client and stakeholders' appreciation for delivery of critical data lake use case in the timespan of 4 months which was expected to be delivered in a year. (2021)
Received Best Team Award (2021)
Got Featured in the Quantiphi’s newsletter of inspiring stories #inspired (2020) Krushidost – Second Runner Up at national level competition HackM (2018) ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Bloomington, IN 47401
Master Of Science in Data Science
Indiana University, Bloomington
2022-2024
Relevant Coursework: Statistics,
Probability, Data Mining, Advanced
Database Concepts
B.E Computer Engineering
V.E.S Institute of Technology
2015-2019 C.G.P.A - 8.97/10
CONTACT
Programming/Scripting Languages:
Python, SQL, Shell Scripting
AWS Services:
Redshift, S3, Lambda, DMS, SNS,
Step Function, Parameter Store,
AWS Sagemaker, Textract
Databases:
MySQL, Oracle
Exploratory Data Analysis:
Pandas, Seaborn, Numpy, Matplotlib
Machine Learning:
Statistics,Linear Algebra, Data Mining,
Clustering and Classification,
Predictive Analysis
Deep learning:
Tensorflow, Scikit-learn, CNN, RNN
Data Visualization:
Tableau
July 2019-Aug 2022
Contact this candidate