Himaja K
Sr.Cloud Admin / DevOps Engineer
Email: aduyy2@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 407-***-****
SUMMARY
Around 9 years of experience in IT industry as a DevOps Engineer/ Linux System Administrator with responsibilities comprising of Development, Systems Administration and Software Configuration Management (SCM).
Hands-on experience on AWS and its infrastructure including EC2, AMI, ECS, Elastic Cache, Elastic Search, RDS, VPC implementation, IAM, KMS, WAF, Cloud Trail, Cloud Watch, S3, Cloud Front, CLI scripting, ELB, Route 53, Lambda, Dynamo DB, Elastic Beanstalk, SQS, SNS and Security group management. Strong hands on experience in scripting languages such as Groovy, JSON, YML, Shell scripting.
Hands on experience of Build & Deployment phase and usage of Continuous Integration (CI/CD) tools, build configuration, change history for releases, Maintenance of build system, automation & smoke test processes, managing, configuring, and maintaining source control management systems. Installed Red Hat Satellite server and Capsule server for managing servers in different domain.
Wrote Ansible Playbooks with Python to manage Configurations of nodes and Tested Playbooks on instances using Python and documented all infrastructures and application dependencies into Git repo using Ansible
Experience in various roles as DevOps, Cloud Engineer, Build and Release Engineer with excellent experience in Software Integration, Configuration, Packaging, Building, Automating, managing and releasing code from one environment to other environment and deploy to servers, support and maintenance under Unix/Linux/VM's Platforms. Excellent understanding of SCM tools such as SVN, Git, Bitbucket and GitHub. Strong exposure to both AWS and Azure cloud platforms
Extensive experience in setting up CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Jenkins, Team City, Maven, Nexus, Slack and VSTS.
Strong experience with Active Directory, Group Policy, Domain Controller. Hands on experience with DHCP, DNS, SNMP, FTP, SMTP, TCP/IP
Strong exposure to configuration management tools such as Ansible, Puppet, Terraform and Docker
Strong Experience with Cisco firewall, routers and switches.Strong exposure to creating Docker images and Docker containers.
Strong knowledge on practicing TDD, automating Junit tests using Maven in Jenkins. Working knowledge of Jenkins for Continuous Integration and DevOps Pipelining and AWS Code Deploy.
Strong knowledge in Tomcat, WebLogic servers on different OS’s like Windows, UNIX and Solaris platforms.
Participated in the release cycle of the product which involved environments like Development, QA UAT and Production.
Worked with project documentation and documented other application related issues, bugs on internal wiki website.
Developed tools to automate manual tasks using shell scripting, Python and integrated them in CI/CD pipeline through Jenkins
Extensively worked on Jenkins for continuous integration and for End to End automation for all build and deployments.I was created Jenkins Pipelines using Groovy script to automate the process to deploy.
Experience setting up Azure Migrate and ASR servers using OVF templates in the Skilled enough to build deployment, build scripts and automated solutions using scripting languages such as Shell, Python, Ruby, Perl etc.Strong experience in Automating Azure resources Manager Templates. Installing and applying security policies on Red Hat Linux for hardening the server based on the company's policy.
Installed and managed the configuration of middleware tools such as Apache, Tomcat, JBOSS GA7/ EAP6, WebSphere Application Server 7.x/8. x. Involved in DevOps processes for build and deploy systems.
Built and managed a large deployment of Red Hat Linux instances systems with Terraform Automation and provision virtual servers using vagrant and kitchen in Oracle VM virtual box, provisioned servers in Amazon EC2.
Setup and Configured Red Hat Satellite and Foreman/Kickstart Servers for Red Hat Enterprise CentOS 5/6/7 installs, maintain repositories and leveraging Ansible for patching cycle across all environments (DEV, STAGE, and PROD) both on-prem
Good knowledge on managing cloud providers for Amazon Web Services like EC2, S3 bucket, ELB, Auto-Scaling, AMI, IAM through Console. Written Shell scripts to create users on multiple servers.
Created Terraform scripts to launch the platform common services like CI/CD tool Jenkins, Secrets management tool Vault.
Experience in providing highly available and fault tolerant applications utilizing orchestration technologies like Kubernetes and Apache Mesos on Google Cloud Platform (GCP).
Designed Microsoft Azure for multiple applications utilizing the Azure stack (Including Compute, Web & Mobile, Blobs, Resource Groups, Azure SQL, Cloud Services, and ARM), focused on high-availability, fault tolerance, and Auto-scaling.
Experience in creating DevOps strategy in a combination of mixed environments of Linux with creating and implementing a cloud strategy based on Amazon Web Services . Experience in Shell scripting using sh, ksh, bash and PERL.
Extensively worked on Jenkins, UDeploy, AnthillPro, Docker, Team City and Build forge for continuous integration and for End to End automation for all build and deployments.
Hands-on experience in Ansible as Configuration management tool to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploy critical applications and proactively manage change. Experience on Power Shell scripts to automate the Azure cloud system creation including end-to-end infrastructure, VMs, storage, firewall rules.
Had hands-on experience in Configuring, automation and maintaining build and deployment Docker registry/daemon, Nexus and JIRA for Multi-Environment (Local/POC/NON-PROD/PROD) with high degrees of standardization for both infrastructure and application stack automation in AWS cloud platform.. Install and update OS packages/patches using YUM and Red Hat Satellite
Implementing new projects builds framework using build tools like MAVEN and ANT for the building of deployable artifacts (jar, war & ear) from source code. Wrote UNIX shell scripts for automated installations, to extract logs using C,Bash, Perl and Python.
Worked in installing Firmware Upgrades, Installations, administration, kernel patches, upgrade, configuration, performance tuning,
Experience in developing scripts in Ruby, Bash, Perl, Shell, and Python, to automate the process involved in administrative tasks and management using CRON. Experience in integrating code quality tools such as SonarQube, JaCoCo, Vera code in CI/CD pipelines.
Experience in DevOps - Build and Release Engineer includes automating, building, deploying, managing and releasing of code from one environment to other, tightly maintaining Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery and Continuous Deployment in multiple environments like (DEVEL/ TEST/STAGE & PROD).Managing DNS, LDAP, FTP, Apache Tomcat /MySQL/PHP web servers on Linux servers.
Orchestrating CI/CD processes. CI/CD tools Dockerized and infrastructure setup in Vagrant and VPCs.
Experience in implementation, maintenance and configuration of Apache Http, SMTP, DHCP, NFS, NIS, NIS+, LDAP, DNS, SAMBA, SQUID, Postfix, send mail, FTP, Remote Access, Security Management & Security trouble shooting.
Worked with Ansible Playbooks for virtual and physical instance provisioning, Configuration management, patching, and software deployment. · Good experience in automating CI and CD pipelines.
Utilized Cloud formation and Puppet by creating DevOps processes for consistent and reliable deployment methodology.
Deployed Azure IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and Cloud services (PaaS role instances) into secure VNets and subnets.
Experience in using Ansible to setup Continuous Delivery Pipeline. Deployed micro services, including provisioning AWS environments Strong knowledge on source controller concepts like Branches, Merges and Tags.
Had experience in Writing Terraform modules to provision VMs and physical machines and Wrote Jenkins jobs to tie Ansible and Terraform together to provide a smoother deployment process for Operations.
Load data into Amazon Redshift and use AWS Cloud Watch to collect and monitor AWS RDS instances within Con dential
Creating fully automated CI build and deployment infrastructure and processes for projects Using Docker,VMware, RHEL, Satellite, Open Stack, Kubernetes, Artifactory, &GitLab
Create user de ned functions UDF in Redshift
Expertise in Amazon Cloud Services and its features ( VPC, EBS, AMI, snapshots, Auto scaling, Cloud Formation, Lambda, SES, SQS, SNS, RDS, ELB, EBS,Cloud Watch, S3 etc.).Expert level knowledge on Cloud
Handled operations and maintenance support for AWS cloud resources which includes launching, maintaining and troubleshooting EC2 instances, S3 buckets, Virtual Private Clouds (VPC), Elastic Load Balancers (ELB) and Relational Database Services (RDS).
Automated the infrastructure using terraform and making it audible by storing all the infrastructure changes in a version control system like GIT. Good working Knowledge in Clouds, OpenShift and RedHat.
Experience in designing end to end automation of infrastructure and continuous delivery of the applications by integrating cloud formation scripts, Jenkins and Chef Cookbooks and recipes.
Experienced in setting up Amazon EC2 instances, virtual private cloud (VPCs), and security groups.

EDUCATION
JNTUH University, Hyderabad – Bachelor of Engineering, Information technology (2009 – 2013)

SKILLS

WORK EXPERIENCE

Client: MARKEL CORPORATION Inc, GLEN ALLEN, VA Jan’2021 – Present (Remote)
Role: Sr. Cloud / DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Configuring, automation and maintaining build and deployment CI/CD tools git/ git-Lab, Jenkins/Hudson, ANT, Maven, Build Forge, Docker-registry/daemon, Nexus and JIRA for Multi-Environment (Local/POC/NON-PROD/PROD) with high degrees of standardization for both infrastructure and application stack automation in cloud platform.
Experience with electronic trading applications that have connectivity to external trading applications such as Bloomberg, Tradeweb,eSpeed and MarkItWire to send/retrieve information
Act as the main point of contact for all trading applications queries and requests
Remarkable experience working in a Trading Application Support environment
Automated the cloud deployment using Chef, Python and Cloud Formation Templates. Used Chef for unattended bootstrapping in AWS. Working knowledge with shell scripting using Bourne Again Shell (BASH), Puppet, and Nagios.
Responsible for Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery process implementation using Hudson along with Python and Shell scripts to automate routine jobs. Implemented and maintained Ansible Configuration management spanning several environments in Vrealize
Design and Develop ETL Processes in AWS Glue to migrate Campaign data from external sources like S3, ORC/Parquet/Text Files into AWS Redshift
Created, maintained and administered GitHub as Source control manager and GitHub branch management and merging to facilitate collaboration between development teams and Configured Web hooks for push events on GitHub to trigger a build automatically on Jenkins. Monitored, Involved in DevOps migration/automation processes for build and deploy systems.
Installed and Implemented Ansible configuration management system. Used Ansible to manage Web applications, Environments configuration Files, Users, Mount points and Packages.
Developed and executed a migration strategy to move Data Warehouse from an Oracle platform to AWS Redshift
Data Extraction, aggregations and consolidation of Adobe data within AWS Glue using PySpark
Create external tables with partitions using Hive, AWS Athena and Redshift
Maintained high availability clustered and standalone server environments and refined automation components with scripting and configuration management and experienced in writing Ansible scripts.
Experienced in configuring Cloud platform such as Virtual Networks Multi-site, Cross-site, VMs,, Load Balancers, SQL, Cloud Services, etc.
Established connection from Azure to On-premise datacenter using Azure Express Route for Single and Multi-subscription connectivity.
Created Ansible Playbooks to provision Apache Web servers, Tomcat servers, Nginx, Apache Spark and other applications.
Used CI/CD tools Jenkins, Git/GitLab’s, Jira and Docker registry/daemon for configuration management and automation.
Container management using Docker by writing Docker files and set up the automated build on Docker HUB and installed and configured Kubernetes. Installation of patches and packages using RPM and YUM in Red hat Linux and Created and modified application related objects, created profiles, users, roles and maintained system.
Windows Amazon Web Services, EC2, VMware ESX, Microsoft Hyper-V technologies implemented and incorporated in existing company infrastructure for Cloud Compute and PowerShell Scripting for QA/QC automation
Developed procedures to unify, streamline and automate application development and deployment procedures with Linux container technology using Docker. Installed Pivotal Cloud Foundry on EC2 to manage the containers created by PCF.
Involved in Installation, Configuration and Maintenance on MSSQL, MYSQL and POSTGRES Databases to manage Jira and Confluence application. Expert in UNIX shell scripting - ksh, bash, sh and knowledge of PERL scripting.
Worked on Jira and Confluence Migration, upgrade at large scale and responsible for creating multiple test and development environments.
Installation, Configuration and administration of DNS, LDAP, NFS, NIS, NIS+, AKS (Kubernetes Services): Created AKS System Health Dashboard in Grafana. Promoted and deploy AKS to Production.
Worked across both private (OpenStack) and public clouds (Amazon).Automated the cloud deployments using chef, python and Cloud Formation Templates.Performed automation engineer tasks and implemented the ELK stack (Elasticsearch, Kibana) for EC2 hosts.
Scheduled the Linux Cron jobs and Jenkins jobs for build automation. Developed Perl and shell scripts for automation of the build and release process. Implemented a Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline with GitHub
Deployed and troubleshoot of various issues. Installed and uninstalled, upgraded and downgraded various plugins in Jenkins.
Deploy and monitor scalable infrastructure on Amazon web services & configuration management using puppet for a different legacy portfolio. Proficient in using all Amazon Web Services including EC2, EBS, IAM, S3, ELB.
Used Beanstalk for deploying and scaling web applications and services developed with Java, PHP, Node.js, Python and app deployments and worked on Amazon kinesis. Deployed Ansible modules to provision and manage EC2 instances, volumes, DNS, and S3. System Automation programming using Perl, Bash, shell scripting.
Experienced Cloud and DevOps engineer in Automating, Configuring and deploying instances on AZURE Cloud environments and Data centers. Experience in applying security patches and updating Redhat Linux OS version using Red Hat Satellite server
Expertise in configuring the monitoring and alerting tools according to the requirement like Cloud Watch, AWS Cloud Trail, Dynatrace, Nagios, Splunk Enterprise, SNMP monitoring for the VPN connections.
Created Ansible scripts for EC2 instances, Elastic Load balancers and S3 buckets, Planned, developed & maintained Infrastructure as code using CI/CD deployments using Ansible. Build server deployment on Cloud (EC2) servers with help of DevOps tools like Puppet.
Worked on procuring multiple test cases from Amazon EC2 instances and application processing to HP ALM via RestAPI Automation.
Installed and Configured Jenkins Servers CI tool and automated and developed continuous delivery product release pipelines and built pipelines to use API plugin Bumblebee for automation including another custom plugin.
Involved in EC2/VPC/S3/SQS/SNS based automation through Terraform, Ansible, Python, Bash Scripts. Adopted new features as they were released by Amazon, including ELB & EBS.
Create and maintain fully automated CI/CD and CT pipelines for code build and deployment pipelines for multiple applications using Bamboo. And Skills used: shell scripting, Perl. Experienced in MS Azure Cloud Architecture (MS Azure Pack (Private Cloud), PaaS and IaaS) assessments. DevOps role converting existing AWS infrastructure to Server-less architecture ( Lambda, Kinesis) deployed via terraform.
Experience in Virtualization technologies like VMWare, Vagrant and worked with containerizing applications like Docker, Kubernetes.
Create automation and deployment templates for relational and NoSQL databases including MSSQL, MySQL, Cassandra and MongoDB in. Troubleshooting, Security, Backup, Disaster Recovery,
Extensively working with Version Control Systems like SVN (Subversion) and GIT for creating Branches and Merging.
Worked on debugging build failures, coordinating with developers and testers to resolve related issues.
Experience in GCP services such as Cloud IAM, Active Directory, NAS, NFS, Storage, backups and Google Cloud LoadBalancing Solutions.

Client: Blue Yonder, Inc - Scottsdale, AZ July’2018– Dec’2020
Role: Sr. DevOps engineer

Responsibilities:

Experience in Amazon Cloud Formation scripts to orchestrate the end-to-end infrastructure for disaster recovery, cost saving and patching purposes. Utilized AWS Lambda to run without using servers and to prompt to run code using S3 and SNS.
Created Docker images using a Docker file, worked on Docker container snapshots, removing images and managing Docker volumes. Expertise in setting up Docker Host, Docker Registry, RHEL/ Centos Atomic Host, Docker images (Centos, RHEL and Ubuntu instances).
Implemented Lambda functions to run scripts in response to event in Amazon Dynamo DB table or S3 bucket or to HTTP requests using Amazon API Gateway. Monitoring the Azure infrastructure utilization and optimizing/reclamation
Creation of Build &Release Plan, collection, analysis & presentation of Project Metrics on weekly basis.
Helped in migration the existing MYSQL and ORACLE databases to the cloud using Database Migration service and schema conversion.
Developed Open Stack API to integrate with Amazon EC2 cloud-based architecture in AWS, including creating machine Images
Creating Cloud Formation scripts for hosting software on cloud and automating the installation of software through PowerShell scripts.
Developed PowerShell, Python and Linux scripts for Chef to build end to end automations
Monitored the server's performance, CPU Utilization, disk usage etc. by creating alarms in CloudWatch service.
Experience as DevOps Engineer for project teams that involved different development teams and multiple simultaneous software releases.
Developed and implemented Software Release Management strategies for various applications according to the agile process.
Working on Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD), Test Driven Development (TDD) and Agile methodologies.
Built servers using Amazon Web Services by importing volumes, launching EC2, RDS, S3, IAM, Route53, VPC, Code deploy creating security groups, auto- scaling, lambda, ELBs in the defined virtual private connection.
Launched Amazon EC2 Cloud Instances using Amazon Images (Red Hat) and Configuring launched instances with respect to specific applications. Used Ansible Tower for scheduling playbooks and used Bit bucket to store our playbooks.
Performed Configuration of Azure Web Apps, App services, Application insights, Azure DNS, Azure Network Watcher, Implementing Azure site recovery, Azure stack, Backup and Automation. Bamboo plan creations and tasks configuring with automatic bamboo deployments
Experience in migrating on premise to Windows Azure in DR on cloud using Azure Recovery Vault and Azure backups.
Continuous Integration implemented and promoted use of Bamboo within the developer community.
Developed build using MAVEN as build tools and used CI tools to kick off the builds move from one environment to other environments.
Setup maven archive internal repository and maintaining local repositories on Build agents.
Coordinate/assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labeling/naming Designing and implementing for fully automated server build management, monitoring and deployment By Using DevOps Technologies like Chef, Puppet.
Create Puppet manifests and modules to automate system operations. Created monitors, alarms and notifications for EC2 hosts using CloudWatch.Developed automation and deployment utilities using Bash, Python and Shell.
Used Docker to containerized Micro services in cloud and managed clusters using Docker Swarm and Kubernetes. Developed Private cloud system solution on CoreOS using Kubernetes. Used Shell/ Python scripts to automate the deployment process.
Coordinated software application and database deployments across several environments and provided feedback and training to other full-time release engineering staff for production releases during off hours.
Responsible for large- scale Chef Implementation and maintenance, Chef Cookbook's creation, testing and implementation.
Worked in environment, instrumental in utilizing Compute Services (EC2, ELB), Storage Services (S3, Glacier, Block Storage)
Created monitors, alarms, and notifications for EC2 hosts using Cloud Watch, creating automated build and release environment using CI/CD Tools like Jenkins Route 53.Experience fixing the release issues which are raised during the deployment.
Initiated Micro services application through Docker and Kubernetes cluster formation for scalability of the application, and creation of Docker images. Deployed all API's on Docker containers.
Used Splunk to monitor the system logs as well as notify the incident management system upon exceeding thresholds.
Build release of Cloud based products containing Linux and Windows environments, using Python Scripting and PERL.
Implemented a centralized logging system using log stash configured as an ELK stack (Elastic search, Log stash, and Kibana) to monitor system logs,, VPC Flow Logs, Cloud Trail Events, changes in S3 etc.
Deployed and configured CHEF Server and CHEF Solo including bootstrapping of CHEF client nodes for provisioning, Created roles, cookbooks, recipes, and data bags for server configuration, Deployment and app stack build outs.
Administered Docker swarm mode using CLI for natively managing clusters of Docker engines and deploy application services to swarm.
By using Docker Swarm clustered the Docker containers into a single virtual docker engine.

Client: Lakeshore Learning, CA May’2016 – June’2018
Role: Build & Release Engineer/Devops Engineer

Responsibilities:

May 2016 – June 2018Designed and implementing CI (Continuous Integration) system, Configuring Jenkins server, creating required scripts ( Perl & Python) and Creating/configuring VMs ( Windows)
Develop continuous delivery product release pipelines, using Jenkins and enable release and operations automation using Ansible for setting up Oracle Golden gate.
Worked on Deployment and monitoring of scalable infrastructure on configuration management using puppet.
Integrated delivery ( CI and CD process) Using Nexus, Yum and puppet.Set up and managed Jenkins build farm of mixed Linux, Mac OS, and Windows slaves.Created the Master/Slave pattern for Jenkins to distribute the load and builds around the build farm.
Configuration of Jenkins, Identifying and installing required plug-ins to Jenkins, writing Groovy scripts to configure build jobs, Build Pipelines
Managing Amazon Web Services infrastructure by using automation and Configuration tools like Puppet, Ansible, or custom-built. Designing cloud-hosted solutions product suite experience. Worked on with Version Control System SVN (Subversion) and GIT.
Installation and management of Jenkins for nightly and weekly Builds for different modules, Test and Deploy chain, GIT/SVN with Dev/Test/Prod Branching Model for weekly releases.
Utilized Amazon Elastic Block Storage which provides persistent block storage volumes for use with Amazon EC2 instances in the Amazon cloud. Implemented multiple high-performance MongoDB replica sets on EC2 with robust reliability.
Installing and updating Kernel, created and modified swap files and added swap space.
Investigates and evaluates timing and implementation of next versions for existing Middleware Application environment within current architecture. Customer interaction for problem resolution and escalated issues is typically required.
Managed central repositories: Implemented Atlassian Stash along with GIT to host GIT central repositories for source code across products, facilitate code reviews and login audits for Security Compliance.
Working with JIRA for bug tracking, handling Tickets, Project tracking, creating Projects, assigning permissions to users and groups for the projects and also creating Mail handlers and notification Schemes for JIRA.
Developed CI/CD system with Kubernetes container environment, utilizing Kubernetes and Docker for the CI/CD system to build, test and deploy. Worked extensively with ANT and Maven build tools for writing build.xml and pom.xml files respectively.
Installed and administrated GIT Source code tools and ensured the reliability of the application as well as designed the Branching strategies for GIT. Used chef for server provisioning and infrastructure automation in a SAAS environment.
Worked on various Docker/Kubernetes components like Docker Engine, Hub, Machine, Compose and Docker Registry.
Experienced in GIT forks, tagging, handling merger quests and notifications. Setting up the GIT repos for Jenkins build jobs.
Handling POC to create Amazon Web Services infrastructure for an application and Managing Internal Data centers by using automation and Configuration tools like Puppet.
Evaluate and help integrate specialized automation tools, scripts (Perl script, Bash script, Ruby, Python), and processes for the administration and performance monitoring of system.
Implemented and building tools such as Ant/Maven to automate and enhance the overall operational environment.
Used Maven as build tool on Java projects for the development of build artifacts on the source code.
Coordinated Kafka operational and monitoring (via JMX) with Devops personnel, formulated balancing leadership strategies and impact of producer and consumer message(topic) consumption to prevent overruns.
Installation, Maintenance, Administration and troubleshooting of Red hat Enterprise Linux 6.x/7.x servers on various hardware platforms
Involved in Upgrade of Jenkins & Artifactory Server and use of Azure for cloud issues.
Having hands on experience in using all Amazon Web Services which includes RDS, EBS, EC2, S3 bucket, ELB, IAM.
Maintained build related scripts developed in ANT, shell and WLST/ Python. Created and modified build configuration files including Ant's build.xml. Automation of the Build and release using puppet using PowerShell& Bash Scripts.

Client: FEDEX Memphis, Tennessee May’2014 – April ‘2016
Role: DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Provisioning, deploying and monitoring tools that supported, enhanced and grew the DevOps model.
Designed, developed and re-usable components in cloud infrastructure to support scalability, high-availability and resiliency, monitoring, back-up and restore.
Worked on GitHub with best practiced strategies.
Used Jenkins to automate the whole pipeline, with email notifications enabled for each success and failure of build or the process.
Wrote automation scripts in shell and python to enhance the CI-CD pipeline.
Wrote shell, python and couple of ruby scripts to automate many routine and regular timed tasks.
Automated configuration management using Chef. Wrote cookbooks, recipes to manage nodes and Chef server. Used knife to enhance the functionality and usability of the cookbooks.
Configured and worked upon monitoring and logging tool Splunk. Used the data to trouble shoot many issues and identify the problem bottlenecks as per the data generated.
Hands on experience in AWS provisioning and good knowledge of AWS services like EC2, S3, RDS, VPC, EKS
Provisioning EC2 instances and have knowledge on all resource areas of EC2 like Instances, Dedicated hosts, volumes, Key Pairs, Elastic IP's, Snapshots, Load Balancers and Security Groups.
Gained experience to work with build tool Ant. Crafted Build.xml files to include all the developer’s requirements and artifacts in best practiced ways to increase the success rate of builds.
Implemented the whole infrastructure on Cloud using Amazon Web Services.
Used EC2 instances to run the servers, leveraging EBS volumes, taking periodic snapshots by automating the backup process using a python script and cronjob.
Leveraged S3 to store the backups and provisioned life cycle policies to move older files to Amazon
Glacier. Also, used VPC.
Used ELB to balance the load across multiple servers which had Apache web server running.
Leveraged CloudWatch alarms and auto-scaling to implement high-availability and to make the system more resilient to outages and breakdowns.
Used IAM effectively to manage users and protecting systems from unwarranted actions initiated by users.

Client: Qualcomm, India Jul’ 2013 – March’2014
Role: System Admin (Linux)

Responsibilities:

Worked on daily basis for Linux server maintenance and support to developer's team for their issues with application, tuning, troubleshooting, and software running.
Installing operating systems, patches, hardware, vendor software packages, system customization and documentation of all departmental UNIX, PC-based workstations and
Contact this candidate