Nunna Ramesh Chowdary
Phone No: 850*******
Email: adv0gs@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary:

Around 5+ years of experience in IT Industry, 3+years in DevOps/Cloud Engineer experience to understands the melding of operations and development to quickly deliver code to customers. Promotes cloud platform and automation approaches to real-time infrastructure, application deployment and monitoring processes.
Automated cloud infrastructure using Ansible and Terraform on multiple Cloud Servers.
Exposed to all aspects of software development life cycle (SDLC) such as Analysis, Planning, Developing and implementing and post-production analysis of the projects.
Worked on version control systems like GIT and used Source code management client tools like SVN, GIT Bash, GITHUB and other command line applications.
Worked with Docker for convenient environment setup for development and testing.
Worked on Docker container snapshots, attaching to a running container, removing images, managing directory structures and managing containers.
Ability to build deployment, build scripts and automated solutions using shell scripting, Groovy and Linux.
Skilled in various Bug tracking tools like JIRA and Remedy.
Setup and build AWS infrastructure using various resources, VPC, EC2, RDS, S3, IAM, EBS, Security Group, Auto Scaling.
Experiences on setting up databases in AWS using RDS, storage using S3 bucket and configuring instance backups to S3 bucket.
Experiences in Configured AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) Groups and Users for improved login authentication.
Implemented Ansible to manage all existing servers and automate the build/configuration of new servers and used Ansible Playbooks to setup Continuous Delivery Pipeline. Deployed micro services, including provisioning AWS environments using Terraform.
Managed Ansible Playbooks with Ansible modules, implemented CD automation using Ansible, managing existing servers and automation of build/configuration of new servers.
Implemented Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) to deploy multiple applications.
Involved in Amazon Web Services (AWS) provisioning and AWS administrations like EC2, CloudWatch, and IAM.
We are using Ansible as primary automation tool in configuring and deploying artefacts to several environments.

Technical Skills:

Languages
Groovy, Linux
Version control
Git, GitHub, TFVC
Bug Tracking Tools
JIRA, Remedy
CI Tools
Jenkins
Monitoring Tools
Cloud Watch
Virtualization Technologies
Docker, Kubernetes.
Cloud technologies
Amazon Web Services (AWS)

Professional Experience:

Worked as a Senior Software Engineer in HCL Technology, Pune from Oct 2016.
Currently working as a DevOps Engineer in L&T Technology Services.

Project: 3

Project Title: Accident Fund Insurance Company of America
Client: Accident Fund Group, Michigan

Client Description:
Accident Fund Insurance Company of America is a American work compensation insurance company headquartered in Lansing, Michigan. The company is a member of AF Group, a provider of insurance. Insurance policies may be issued by any of the following companies within AF Group: Accident Fund Insurance Company of America, Accident Fund National Insurance Company, Accident Fund General Insurance Company, United Wisconsin Insurance Company, Third Coast Insurance Company or Comp West Insurance Company.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Experience on creating Branches in SVN and Tags
I created multiple pipelines for applications in Jenkins.
I communicated with Developers and admin team based upon the Issues Related applications.
Like as Building the application, verifying build logs and if build fails, working with developers to fix the build
Continuous Improvement in Release process to achieve goal of zero-defect release.
Responsible for Environments maintenance and monitoring.
In this project I created pipelines for few applications like as Billing center, Claim center,
Contact manager and Policy center etc.
In this project I created multiple Environments like as Dev, QA Testing, STG /UAT and PROD.

Responsible for deploying, monitoring application, log files and provided information to the developers
Trouble shooting various problems in different stages of development using logs files.
Responsible for setting up user access and set up control for specific resources

Project: 2

Project Title: IFC Track1 – Core Integration
Client: World Bank Group, Washington DC

Client Description:
The World Bank Group (WBG) is a family of five international organizations that make leveraged loans to developing countries. It is the largest and most famous development bank in the world and is an observer at the United Nations Development Group. The bank is based in Washington, D.C. and provided around $61 billion in loans and assistance to "developing" and transition countries.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Hands on experience in source code management systems such as TFS and GIT. Maintenance of Source code for various products & releases by proper baselines for further manipulation.
Application & Production Support /Infrastructure Management.
Worked as part of Release Management Team in parallel releases.
Communicate status/schedules of releases to all stakeholders.
Helping users on Day-to-Day activities involving SCM related issues and Access problems
Creating War/jar files using Maven.
Setting-up new applications in IIS server and managing complete environment.
Used PowerShell scripts to automate the deployment process.
Performed both manual and automated builds using TFS, Maven and Jenkins.
Automated code reviews and ensured compliance with standards using SonarQube.
Coordinating the resources by working closely with Project Manager’s for the release and carried Deployments and builds on various environments using continuous integration.
Helping the Developers in TFS related issues. Worked with all stake holders viz. DEV, QA, STAGE and PROD.
Supported build management and release engineering.
Creating Tags and Branch and Merging using TFS.
I was involved in TFS Admin activities, Build Automation and release management of 4 different technologies like .NET, SharePoint, Java, Mule ESB.
Build and Release Management: branching, integration, write scripts to automate product build releases
Good Experience in creating the Builds and deploying them in various Test environments (QA, Performance, Preproduction, Production) through automation.
Experienced in Build Automation tools such as TFS, MS Build, Maven and Ant

For unit testing Integrated MS testing the CI pipeline of .Net Pipelines
Integrated secure assist for vulnerability check in build automation
Expertise in Maintaining and troubleshooting deployment and Build issues resolution with TFS
Hands on experience in Amazon Web Services (AWS) provisioning and good knowledge of AWS services like EC2, Elastic Load-balancers, S3, RDS, Route53, IAM, Elastic Search.
On boarding and Setup of SonarQube Code Quality Analysis Dashboard for defined quality gate profiles
Permission templates for various groups
Notifications and alerts & Quality gates and profiles
Plugins and rules configuration
Upgraded SonarQube from 6.1 to 6.4- community Edition.
Configured release management with TFS release 2018 along with approval process.

Project: 1

Project Title: WBG ENTERPRISE CONTAINER ECOSYSTEM
Client: World Bank Group, Washington DC

Client Description:
The World Bank Group (WBG) is a family of five international organizations that make leveraged loans to developing countries. It is the largest and most famous development bank in the world and is an observer at the United Nations Development Group. The bank is based in Washington, D.C. and provided around $61 billion in loans and assistance to "developing" and transition countries.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Hands on experience in source code management systems such as TFS.
Developed and supported the Configuration and Build Management Processes and procedures.
Established processes and tools set to maintain code base including check in validation rules and
Branch/merge processes.
Maintenance of Source code for various products & releases by proper baselines for further manipulation.
Documentation of Build & Packaging issue management process.
In This project I Build the Docker images and deploy in Cloud through Kubernetes service.
Application & Production Support /Infrastructure Management.
Automate deployment and release distribution process with PowerShell and TFS with various plugins from market place.
Implementing the smoke testing, Functional testing and Performance Testing in my Project as per Client Requirements.
I created the separate tasks for testing process in CICD Pipeline.

Responsible for interacting with clients and answering their queries by providing them proper resolution
Defined and implemented build and deployment strategies for all applications
In this project I deployed services in cloud thorough pipeline.

Scholastic Profile:

Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science of Engineering from Pondicherry University in 2014, Pondicherry.

Declaration:

I hereby declare that the above written information is true to the best of my knowledge.

(Ramesh Chowdary Nunna)
Contact this candidate