CHIDI OBICHUKWU

Houston, TX ***** • 832-***-**** • adv2g5@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/chidi-obichukwu
Experience
AWS DEVOPS/CLOUD ENGINEER, 01/2021 to Current
TCS – Austin, TX
Implemented and maintained highly available multi-tier architecture which resulted in 99.99% uptime.
Automated deployment and scaling of applications using AWS Cloud Formation AWS ECS, reducing deployment time by 50%.
Implemented CICD pipeline using AWS Code Pipeline and AWS Code Build which enhanced frequency of releases by 70%
Reduced infrastructure costs by 30% by leveraging spot instances as well as reserved instances.
Architected and configured Dev/Stage/QA environments in AWS integrated with VPC, subnets, security groups, EC2 instances, load balancer, RDS, Redis & Route53
Implemented security best practices in AWS including MFA, access key rotation, role-based permissions, enforced strong password policy, configured security groups and NACLs, S3 bucket policies, ACLs and NACLs
Reviewed existing systems and made recommendations for improvements.
AWS SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT, 01/2018 to 01/2021
DXC TECHNOLOGY – Plano, TX
Implemented multi-cloud strategy utilizing services such as EC2, S3, and RDS.
Automated infrastructure using Terraform, system manager while reducing deployment time by 80%.
Implemented AWS Far-gate for container orchestration which improved scalability and reliability.
Implemented Prometheus, AWS X-Ray and Grafana for monitoring while alerting and improving visibility as well as initiated robust troubleshooting.
Configured security guardrails, Cloud Trail, Guard Duty, Cloud Watch, AwsConfig & SNS for architectural designs.
Customized images with docker server, docker compose with multiple local containers.
Architected high availability environment with auto scaling & Elastic Load Balancer
Implemented multiple container deployments to AWS and maintained sets of containers with deployments.
Migrated high availability web servers and databases to AWS EC2 and RDS with minimal or no downtime.
Leveraged tools like Total Cost of Ownership for cost optimization, CART for cloud readiness, Migration evaluator for business case, ADS to track portfolio and Migration Dashboard.

Mentored team using strong communication skills and expertise and encouraged each member to bring forward robust ideas and suggestions for improvement within the organization.
TECHNICAL SUPPORT ANALYST, 01/2013 to 12/2017
Halliburton – Odessa, TX
Provided technical and operational guide as well as procedure manual to external customers.
Maintained computer database for on-going jobs as well as prepared over 50 job tickets and end of day report.
Provided updates to other internal teams and trained clients on how to operate computer applications through training and development initiatives.
Identified key changes to projects that could affect cost & completion deadline.
Monitored construction methods and installations, inspection, and testing processes.
Determined root cause and offered corrective actions to prevent future re-occurrence failures.
Performed troubleshooting, reviewed data quality, replicated end user's workflow & software's functionality.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science: Insurance/Engineering 05/2005
Lagos State University
Summary
Highly experienced AWS DevOps/Cloud Engineer and Solutions Architect with 5+ years of experience in designing, implanting large-scale, highly available systems on AWS. Proven ability to improve time management delivery processes, increase efficiency, and reduce cost while maintaining high levels of security and compliance. Strong knowledge of AWS services, automation, and containerization technologies collaborated with customers and teammates to develop and implemented creative technical solutions to challenging problems.
Highlights
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Platform: AWS
Automation: AWS Cloud Formation, Ansible, Terraform.
Containerization: AWS ECS, AWS Fargate, Docker.
Programming Languages: Python, Bash, yml, json.
CI/CD: AWS CodePipeline, CodeBuild, Jenkins, maven, nexus, Grafana, SonarQube.
Scrum: Agile.
SaaS, PaaS, IaaS.
Monitoring: AWS CloudWatch, AWS X-Ray, Prometheus, CloudTrail, security Hub.
Security: AWS Security, IAM, KMS, WAF.
Networking: Route53, ELB, VPN, VPC, Subnets, EC2, AMI, NACL, SG, Autoscaling.
AWS SERVICES: EC2, RDS, Lambda, SQS, SNS, CloudFront.
DATABASES: RDS, DynamoDB, MySQL, SQL Server, PostgreSQL, Amazon Aurora.
Microsoft stack: Advanced experience using Microsoft OneNote, PowerPoint, Microsoft Team.
Storage: S3, EBS, EFS.
Contact this candidate