Godlove Ndansi
DevOps Engineer / AWS Engineer
240-***-**** adv266@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/godlove-ndansi 10 years of excellent experience in enterprise environment in automation, configuration and deployment on Cloud environments and selecting services in AWS Cloud Infrastructure.
• Excellent understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Agile and Waterfall Programming Methodologies.
• Experience in designing VPC, Route Tables, Direct Connect, Internet Gateway, Security Groups, and Cloud Watch Monitoring Alerts
• Proficient in setting up CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Jenkins, Octopus deploy, Git and GitHub, Maven, Nexus, and AWS code pipeline, AWS code build, AWS code deploys
•Strong knowledge and experience on confidential web services (AWS) cloud services like EC2, S3, EBS, RDS, VPC, WAF, NACL and IAM
Technical Skills and Technology Stack

• AWS Platform: IAM, S3, VPC, EC2, ELB, RDS, SNS, Route53, AWS Systems Manager, AWS Auto Scaling, Trusted Advisor, CloudWatch, Service Catalog, EKS
• AWS Security: AWS Security Hub, Guard Duty, Shield, AWS Inspector, WAF, NACL etc.
• Monitoring & Event Management: AWS CloudWatch (Events & Logs), SNS, Data Dog, Prometheus, etc.
• Identity & Access Management: AWS Organization, AWS IAM, CyberArk (PAM)
• Governance & Compliance: AWS Config Rules, AWS Organization, AWS Control Tower
• Data Protection: AWS Certificate Manager, KMS, Snapshot Lifecycle Manager Cloud Orchestration/Automation: AWS CloudFormation, Terraform, AWS Lambda, AWS Systems Manager, AWS SSM Parameter Store, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, Git and GitHub, and Octopus deploy
• Programming Languages: Bash, JSON, YML, Python
• Application Delivery: Jenkins, AWS Code Pipeline, AWS Code Commit, Aws Code Build, AWS Code Deploy, CI
• Image & Patch: AWS SSM Patch Manager, AWS Golden AMI Pipeline
• AWS Migration: Phases (Assess, Mobilize, Migrate and Modernize), Tools (CART, Migration Hub, TCO, Cloud Endure, DMS)
Education

Bachelor in Computer Science
University of Buea (2016)
Certifications

AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Vector solution, Florida April 2022 -Present
Cloud operation Engineer
Experience Working in an Agile software development frame work that delivers customer collaboration and interaction with processes and tools.
Experience in provisioning AWS services like (VPC, EC2, S3, RDS, ELB, Redshift, (Kafka), AWS WAF, NACL, EMR, Dynamo DB, Redshift, Lambda, SNS, SQS, CloudWatch and Cloud Trail) using Terraform.
Implements security in the web servers using NACL and WAF or web application firewall which helps protect web applications by filtering and monitoring HTTP traffic between a web application and the Internet
Experience working with version control tools like GIT and utilized source code administration customer apparatuses like GitHub.
Experience in technical research and development to enable continuing innovation within the infrastructure.
Experience in server-related maintenance such as patching Kubernetes clusters and using kubectl commands.
Experience in Participate in root cause analysis and postmortem discussions.
Experience in monitoring resource and application using AWS Cloud watch and Data dog, including creating alarm to monitor metrics such as EBS, EC2, ELB, RDS, S3, SNS, and configured notifications for the alarm s generated based on events defined.
Experience in creating IAM policies for delegated administration within AWS and configuring IAM users/Roles (assume roles)/Policies to grant fine grained access to AWS resources to users.
Experience in Configuring single-sign-on through Federated services for SailPoint and uses Active Directory to set up and maintain user accounts and group accounts.
Experience in implementing and maintaining of CyberArk products, (i.e., Privileged Session Manager (PSM), Privileged Session Management Proxy (PSMP), Privileged Vault Web Access (PVWA), Application Access Manager (AAM), Privileged Threat Analytics
(PTA))
Involved in deploying and maintaining Privileged Access Management programs using CyberArk for large scale environments
CLINTON HEALTH ACCESS, Boston MA 06/2020 – 04/2022 AWS Cloud Engineer
Managed provisioning of AWS infrastructures using CloudFormation and Terraform
Design for high availability and business continuity using self-healing-based architectures, fail-over routing policies, multi-AZ deployment of EC2 instances, ELB health checks, Auto Scaling and Aws backup.
Developed baseline VPC and Network design including leveraging VPC Peering and Transit Gateway.
Designed and implemented highly available, scalable and secure AWS Infrastructures using IAC tools such as Terraform.
Implemented preventive guardrails using Service Control Policies (SCPs)
Implemented security best practices in AWS including multi-factor authentication, access key rotation, encryption using KMS, firewalls- security groups and NACLs, S3 bucket policies and ACLs, mitigating DDOS attacks etc.
Implement Identity and Access Management strategies to ensure least privilege access in multiple account and groups
Implemented Jenkins, GitHub, and Git for version control, code build, testing and release.
Monitored end-to-end infrastructure using CloudWatch and SNS for notification.
Experience Working with AWS services (VPC, EC2, S3, RDS, Redshift, Dynamo DB, Lambda, SNS, SQS).
Experience in deploying a three-tier web application in AWS using terraform
Leverage AWS cloud services such as EC2, auto-scaling and VPC to build secure, highly scalable and flexible systems that handled expected and unexpected load bursts Ascent Softech, India (Remote Work) 01/ 2016 – 05/2020 AWS Cloud Engineer
Involved in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using various methodologies.
Provisioning AWS core services using Terraform, Git and GitHub action, and Jenkins
Upgrading servers such as patching
Designed secured, cost-optimized, highly available and fault-tolerant infrastructure
Architected and configured Dev/Stage/QA environments in AWS (VPC, subnets, security groups, EC2 instances, load balancer, RDS, Route 53, etc.)
Implemented security best practices in AWS including enforcing MFA, access key rotation, role- based permissions, enforced strong password policy, configured security groups and NACLs, S3 bucket policies and ACLs, etc.
Configured CloudWatch alarm rules for operational and performance metrics for our AWS resources and applications.
Experience with cloud migration strategy, like Cloud Endure to migrate the entire workload to AWS, Server Migration service (SMS) to migrated server to AWS and Database Migration Service
(DMS) to migrated Databases to AWS quickly with minimal
Configured single-sign-on through Federated services for SailPoint and uses Active Directory to set up and maintain user accounts and group accounts
Contact this candidate