Muhammad Noman Ahmed
Address: House # L-***, Sector-5A/2, North Karachi, Karachi, Pakistan
Phone: +92-344-****-***
Email: adv4g1@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE

Aspiring client focused seasoned IT professional looking forward to benefit employer with my skills and experience.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Systems Engineer – Sybrid pvt ltd ( Lakson Group Company)

July 2022- January 2023

Azure Devops
Azure app service

Freelancer- Jan 2022- June 2022

DevOps Engineer – AGENCY PARTNER INTERACTIVE
March 2021 – Oct 2021

Setting up development, staging and production environments
Linux troubleshooting.
Handson on cpanel and whm.
Setup and maintenance of application and database server
Expertise level on dns records management ( i.e @ records, cname, txt,spf etc)
Experience on Ansible automation.
Deployed zabbix server and zabbix client on application servers.
Setting up CI/CD pipelines using jenkins.
Working on AWS Cloud and WP engine.
Extensive experience on apache/ngnix and mysql db.
Experience with Git (Github / Gitlab
Intermediate level knowledge of Docker and basic concepts of kubernetes.

Wordpress Hosting – FREELANCE
Aug 2018 - Dec 2020

Managing dns records migration from different hosting providers. i.e (Bluehost, cloudfare etc)
Making site live and managing all the activities for it.

Cloud Engineer – GADITEK
Feb 2018 - July 2018

Working in Cloudways as a Cloud Engineer which includes the following job responsibilities performed

Server Configuration.
Backup Techniques. ( SCP/ Rsync).
Webserver administrations (Apache, Nginx,, MySQL etc)
Ability to build and monitor services on production servers (New Relic, Zabbix)
Firewall Setup's IPtables, (Debian,CentOS)
DNS administration and hand's on various panels(Nameservers, Records, Redirections)
Efficient Website Migration (Cpanel, WHM, SSH, SFTP, FTP).
SMTP setup and investigating (Postfix Config, Mail Logs, Mail Queues and more)
Network investigating (TCP/IP, VPN, DHCP and so on).
Server Patching
System Initialization, Package Management, User & Group Administration.
Server Management (vhosts setup and so on)

CLOUD COMPUTING

Amazon
Linode
Digital Ocean
VULTR
Launching and Managing Instances

System Support Engineer – CREATIVE CHAOS, KARACHI
Mar 2016 – September 2017

Employment Duration 1 yr 6 months Location: Karachi

Administration of Microsoft Servers (Win2012).
Configuration and administration of Linux Servers (Centos, REHL, Ubuntu).
Configuration and administration of services such as DNS, IPTABLES, FTP.
Managing VPN connectivity between telcos.
IPsec tunnel knowledge.

Experience in Rack space, Ovh and FDC offsite hosting environment and interaction for resolving issues.
Administration of Amazon EC2 servers, WAF.
Good knowledge and hand on experience of Virtualization technologies (e.g Microsoft Hypervisor, & Proxmox VE).
Monitoring of Network devices and servers.
Hands on experience on Network management tool (e.g Zabbix, etc).
Identify, diagnose, and resolve issues related to network and servers connectivity.
Appropriately escalate issues to responsible parties depending on the problem area.
Document issues and resolution for future reference in Knowledge Base.

System Engineer – NATIONAL CLEARING COMPANY PAKISTAN LTD KARACHI
Jan 2015 – Feb 2016

Monitoring of Servers & Data Center.
HP tape library management experience.
Experience with IBM Servers and IBM/HP SAN storage.
Experience in Linux/AIX environment.
Manage backups, maintenance, security and system logs.
Diagnose different issues related to system backups and HMCbackup.
Hands on Experience in the technical support environment.
Understanding and familiarity with IT policies and procedures.
Excellent knowledge of applications such as VPN client, Anti-virus and VNC viewer.
Experience with Enterprise level backup systems.
To diagnose hardware and software problems. Ability to interface with all levels of the technical, and business issues.

Data Research Analyst – GfK ETILIZE (Pvt.) Ltd. Karachi, Pakistan
Jan 2012 – Dec 2014

To Research and understand the latest technology of the products lie in the domain of IT, Servers.
To maintain quality of extracted data.
To suggest improvements in product datadevelopment.
To work on software technology products i.e. Content& Operations Management Software.
To communicate with international customer for resolving queries.
To give training to new hiring candidates.
Web Research Analysis.
Content Maintenance.
Weekly and Monthly Performance Reports.

Internee – SIEMENS
Sep 2011-Oct 2011

To learn about different aspects of motors testing.
To learn about different aspects of generators testing.
To learn about production stages in the respective department of Siemens.

Pakistan Steels Mills Karachi, - Internee,

To learn practical use of different electronic equipment used in Steel Mills.
To learn about industrial environment.
Jan 2011- Feb 2011
EDUCATION
Sir Syed University Of Engineering & Technology, Karachi, Pakistan

2011
Bachelor of Science – Electronics Engineering

Government College For Men Nazimabad, Karachi, Pakistan
2006
Intermediate

Usman Public School, Karachi, Pakistan
2004
Matriculation

PROJECTS
Final Year Project
Heliostat Skylight, it tracks sunrays and illuminate the building by using reflectors which moves according to sensors (LDR). We are using solar panel which uses sunlight to charge the battery as back- up power source.

Academic Projects

Power Supply
Audio FM Transmitter/Receiver
Digital Clock
Contact this candidate