IBRAHIM SUNKANMI SALIU adv5hl@r.postjobfree.com • 561-***-****
**** ***** ***** **, ******* Salem, NC 27127
DEVOPS ENGINEER
Summary: Data-driven technology enthusiast with 4 years of experience in designing and implementing CI/CD pipelines, infrastructure as code, automated software delivery, monitoring and optimizing system performance. Proficient in cloud platforms such as Azure and AWS, containerization technologies like Docker and Kubernetes, scripting languages such as Python, Bash, and configuration management tools like Ansible. Demonstrated ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams fostering delivery of innovative solutions for client-satisfaction.
KEY SKILLS AND INTERESTS
Cloud Services • Microsoft Azure • Amazon Web Services • Terraform • System Integration • SDLC • Test Automation • Production Support • System Administration • Linux • Ansible • Git • Observability • Agile • Microservices • Bash • PowerShell • Python • CI/CD • Architecture design • Leadership • Problem Solving • Research • Product Management • Communication • Data Analyses • Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE & ACHIEVEMENTS
Euroclear SA/NV, Brussels, Belgium 2019 to Present
Integration and DevOps Engineer
Designed and implemented continuous integration and delivery (CI/CD) pipelines using Azure DevOps and Jenkins to automate software releases, monitored application performance metrics and proactively identify and troubleshoot issues before they impact end-users, developed and maintained infrastructure as code (IaC) using ARM templates to provision and cloud resources, collaborated with development teams to define and implement best practices for code quality, version control, test automation, and release management, onboarded and consulted with global stakeholders to identify requirements and translated them into Product Backlog Items for delivery over course of dedicated sprints.
oDesigned resilient pipelines for over 90% of critical business applications, resulting in over 50% reduction in deployment time, and increased customer satisfaction ratings
oPromoted CICD adoption with a 100% adoption rate among internal and external clients.
oSuccessfully transformed a client's decade-old release process by leveraging cloud solutions for seamless service delivery resulting in scaled delivery capabilities and reduced operational costs.
oImplemented policies and governance in Azure DevOps Pipelines to enforce secure production deployments, resulting in increased stability and reduced risk of production issues.
Production Integration Support
Created and configured new job definitions in CA-7, based on requirements provided by development teams, facilitate the installation of CA -7 agents on appropriate Unix and window servers, maintained documentation and records of all job definitions, schedules, and related processes for future reference and audit purposes, monitored asset registrations, relationships, configurations, and statuses in the configuration management database (CMDB), participated in on-call rotations to provide support for production environments, provided support, debug and resolved critical incidents using Splunk and ITIL framework, resulting in reduced downtime and increased system reliability and client trust.
oSuccessfully migrated over 800 CA-7 jobs from the Linux v4 family to the Linux v5 family, ensuring uninterrupted job processing and minimizing downtime for critical business processes.
oIncreased customer satisfaction by improving communication and collaboration with customers during incident resolution and implementing a knowledge base to enable faster resolution of common issues.
oAwarded a "role model," (highest award), promoted to a higher functional framework, and appointed senior point of contact for business-critical applications six months after hire.

SERM Research Unit, Universite Libre des Bruxelles, Brussels, Belgium 2018 to 2019
Graduate Research - Data Analyst
Collected forest data using traditional, trigonometry and UAV technologies to assess tree biomass and site productivity, developed and tested hypotheses to guide data collection and analyses, performed multiple analyses and tests such as descriptive, one-way analysis of variance, Tukey HSD, Shapiro-Wilk, and Wilcoxon signed tests using R and Excel to draw meaningful insights and data visualization, wrote and reviewed scientific articles based on research findings, drafted manuscripts for submission to peer-reviewed journals, tutored and mentored undergraduate students by teaching data collection and analysis techniques and provided feedback on their research projects.
oDeveloped a guide for choosing appropriate methods for tree height measurements based on factors such as study site, budget, skills, and time available
EDUCATION & TRAINING
ExamPro Free AWS Cloud Project Bootcamp, Winston Salem, NC, USA February to May 2023
Cloud Engineer Trainee
GitHub Project Repo: https://github.com/Ibrahim-saliu/aws-bootcamp-cruddur-2023
Provisioned cloud services through the console and cloud development environments such as Gitpod and GitHub code spaces, designed and developed conceptual and logical designs with Lucid charts and guidelines from the Well-Architected Framework, created an ephemeral microblogging application using python with flask on the backend and JavaScript and React on the frontend, used Docker for app containerization, instrumented distributed tracing using Honeycomb, Rollbar, Xray, and CloudWatch, implemented user authentication using Cognito.
Erasmus Mundus Masters in Tropical Biodiversity and Ecosystems (TROPIMUNDO) Scholarship, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, Brussels (2019)
Bachelor of Technology in Forestry and Wood Technology, Federal University of Technology, Akure, Nigeria (2014)
PUBLICATIONS
Saliu, I.S., G. Wolswijk, B. Satyanarayana, M.A. Bin Fisol, C. Decannière, R. Lucas, V. Otero & F. Dahdouh-Guebas, 2020. A dataset of tree heights in mangrove and non-mangrove trees in Malaysia derived from multiple measurement methods. Data in Brief 33: 106386. http://doi.org/10.1016/j.dib.2020.106386
Saliu, I.S., C. Decannière, B. Satyanarayana, G. Wolswijk, M.A. Bin Fisol, R. Lucas, V. Otero & F. Dahdouh-Guebas, 2021. An accuracy analysis of mangrove tree height mensuration using forestry techniques, hypsometers, and UAVs. Estuarine, Coastal and Shelf Science 248: 106971. http://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecss.2020.106971
Contact this candidate