T
Pierre
Tchoupe
929-***-****
adv6cu@r.postjobfree.com
Houston, TX 77090
SUMMARY
DevOps/Cloud Engineer and Linux System Administration at Data Service Group (GSG) with over 3 years of experience working on different projects including building and deploying applications and services on AWS, Tomcat and Docker Hub, Automation of projects to improve time management, building automated CI/CD pipelines, Writing bash scripts and administrating Linux system. Highly organized, proactive and punctual with team-oriented mentality. I am flexible and ready to collaborate with teammates to achieve company goals and dive into high tech innovations that can help to increase the company performance. SKILLS
Continuous Integration/Continuous
Deployment/continuous monitoring
systems
Databases: Oracle, MongoDB
Permissions and Access Control
Cloud Services (AWS, GCP)
VMware and Oracle VM
DNS Lookup
Quick Learner
Teamwork and Collaboration
Data Storage and Retrieval
Visual Studio Code
Version Control System: Git, GitHub
Script Maintenance and Updates
Ticketing system: Jira/Kanban
board/confluence
Linux Environments
Network and protocols (TCP/IP, DNS,
HTTP)
Terraform
Jenkins
Ansible
Docker
Kubernetes
Scripting Languages: PHP, Python,
Javascript
End User Support
CRM Software
Best Practice Conformance
Software Testing and Validation
Data Backup
Application Configuration
Automation Management
EXPERIENCE
DevOps Engineer
Bear, DE
Data Service Group/ Feb 2022 to Current
Built automated CI/CD pipeline that can go from the code in GitHub to a war file being deployed on Tomcat server.
Using Git and GitHub for version control and source code management. Oversaw file system and storage upgrades while safeguarding data integrity and redundancy.
Analyzed code and corrected errors to optimize output. Participated in and brainstormed with technical working groups, progress meetings to solve issues.
Setting up Kubernetes cluster, and configure the Ansible control machine to access the K8S master for development environments.
build applications infrastructures in AWS using some services like EC2, EFS, RDS, WAF, IAM, Route 53, S3 Bucket, internet Gateway, VPC, Cloudfront, DynamoDB, etc. Monitoring automated build and continuous software integration process to drive build/release failure resolution.
Managing testing cycles and coordination of user acceptance testing for software and applications.
Linux System Administrator
Bear, DE
Data Service Group/ Jun 2019 to Feb 2022
Wrote bash shell scripts to build Docker image to limit mistakes, and to improve time management.
configured LAMP Stack web servers (Linux Apache MySQL and PHP). Installed security software to protect networks.
Oversaw Linux system administration and configuration maintenance governing user access, privacy and data integrity.
Performed data backups and disaster recovery operations. Configured and updated Linux servers with latest releases and patches. Implemented network security improvements to resolve vulnerabilities. Managed users' accounts by creating groups and giving permissions. created virtual machines using VirtualBox and Vagrant. configured network parameters on Linux OS (Ubuntu, Centos, Debian, and RedHat). performed troubleshooting on various issues in linux projects. Oversaw file system and storage upgrades while safeguarding data integrity and redundancy.
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Associate of Applied Science: Electronic Engineering Technology Bronx Community College of The City University of New York Jun 2017 The Bronx, NY
3.3 GPA
LANGUAGES
English:
Full Professional
French:
Native/ Bilingual
Contact this candidate