ADEBAYO
ENILOLOBO

adv8f8@r.postjobfree.com

862-***-****

Willingboro, NJ 08046

Bold Profile

SKILLS
CI/CD (Jenkins)
AWS EC2
Docker
AWS VPC
Infrastructure as a Code (IaaC)
Apache
GitHub / GitBash
AWS Serverless
Linux Server
Cloud Hosting
Cloud Applications
Restful API
Application Deployment
System Architecture Design
Code Development
Windows Servers
EDUCATION
AWS Well Architected Framework
AWS Cost Optimization
Rivers State University of Science And Technology
Harcourt
B. Tech: Environmental Engineering
AMAZON
AWS SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT: CLOUD ARCHITECT
Microsoft
2022
Microsoft Azure (AZ-900)
2022
AWS Migration Ambassador Foundation (Business)
Amazon
2022
AWS Cloud Economics Accreditation

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Meticulous Cloud Architect/Cloud Engineer maintaining highly functional digital systems for uninterrupted workflows and consistent productivity. Oversees routine maintenance checks and software update schedules to reduce network downtime and likelihood of security compromises. Loves collaborating with customers and teammates to develop and implement creative technical solutions to challenging problems. Detail-oriented team player with strong organizational skills. Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously with a high degree of accuracy.
WORK HISTORY
Tata Consulting Services - AWS CLOUD ARCHITECT
03/2022 - Current
Worked on Heritage Life Insurance Migration Project and achieved the following:
Provided architectural leadership and guidance to technical teams to deliver robust, highly scalable and cost-effective solutions.
Configured twelve VPCs and 30 Subnets for six accounts using CloudFormation
Configured Internet gateway and Nat gateways and associated route-tables using CloudFormation
Deployed a single egress internet architecture using transit gateway
Connected all six accounts together using shared transit gateway and configured transit gateway routing and propagation to allow inter-vpc communication
Deployed AWS Managed AD for Workspaces in N. Virginia Region
Configured MFA for AWS Managed AD Users using AWS Identity center
Configured the workspace account to interact with instances in other region using transit gateway propagation and route-table
Worked closely with customers, internal staff and other stakeholders to determine planning, implementation and integration of system-oriented projects.
Participated in system development life cycle from requirements analysis through system implementation.
Configured Site-to-Site VPN to connect to client on-premises network using transit gateway
Recommended design changes to production systems in response to changing business process, capacity, risks and performance requirements.
Researched and understood emerging technologies and end-user needs.
Partnered closely with technical stakeholders to implement security, operational, compliance and privacy-related controls as part of cloud blueprints.
Avtech Solutions Inc - AWS CLOUD ARCHITECT
02/2020 - 01/2022
Communicated complex cloud solutions to staff in simple and practical terms
Broke out existing monolithic applications into more modern microservices, ensuring that applications are decouples and fault tolerant
Partnered closely with technical stakeholders to implement security, operational, compliance and privacy-related controls as part of cloud blueprints.
Developed and documented system security authorization boundaries for cloud-based solutions and client applications within cloud service.
Implemented RDS Master-slave data replication to easily maintain multiple copies of a MySQL data by having them copied automatically from a master to a slave database
Used the Jenkins automation server to deploy AWS Code Build artifacts with AWS Code Deploy
After implementation, CI/CD pipeline is triggered by code changes made on BitBucket, automatically fed into Code Build, after which output is deployed on Code Deploy
Configuring and maintaining Linux (Red hat) virtual, environments installed multiple sparse and whole root within one physical instance of redhat6, working with other system engineers as team to meet confidential standard
Volume and file system management in Linux and Solaris environments
Integrated S3 bucket with a web domain
Leveraged AWS Certificate Manager and AWS CloudFront distribution to serve content globally using AWS Edge locations
Used API Gateway to throttle users request in the front end while using Lambda to automate functions of applications at the back end
Developed specifications, drawings and engineering artifacts and reports.
Interfaced directly with customers, stakeholders and end-users regarding capability architectures, requirements use cases and stories to derive, develop and decompose next-cycle updates and specifications.
Deployed AWS compute resources using AWS Cloud Formation (IaaC)
Performed troubleshooting on the deployment failures using Cloud Formation rollback features.
Citizens Bank - AWS CLOUD ARCHITECT/AZURE ENGINEER
10/2018 - 01/2020
Trained and guided interns within the organization on basic AWS Cloud Practitioner crash course
Wrote DockerFile for an Ubuntu based web application
Built Docker image and ran docker container
Deployed container on Kubernetes using "kubectl"
Designed and implemented monitoring configurations to help identify and protect against DDoS attacks, EC2 instance compromise, etc
Responded promptly to user requests for permission changes, new storage and expansion questions.
Worked as technical leader alongside customers and infrastructure team and contributed to business development.
Performed first-level incident response and service resolution for cloud systems.
Created Terraform files and deployed servers in production
Checked terraform files into a version control system (BitBucket)
Configured object storage bucket with static website and enabled cross region replication on bucket for the purpose of reliability and backup solution
Granted only appropriate permissions to users to pipeline resources as defined on Jira ticket
Built docker images using Jenkins Pipeline
Pushed image into AWS ECR through Pipeline.
Monitored costs and optimized cloud deployment expenses against business needs.
Amtext Sytems - AWS CLOUD ARCHITECT/AZURE ENGINEER
08/2016 - 08/2018
Assessed available architecture and proof of concept and selected best methods for implementation of said architecture and created appropriate automated tests to validate functionality
Monitored resources and applications using AWS CloudWatch to create alarms to monitor metrics such as EC2, RDS
Built a multiplayer, turn-based game using Amazon DynamoDB and Amazon SNS, AWS Cognito, AWS Lambda, AWS Cloud9
Formed deployment strategies for software updates at multi-platform organizations using the Blue/Green technique
Integrated Jira with Jenkins to allow team members view progress of application and access reports and updates on performance of application
Worked with developers and engineers to realize technological solutions.
Analyzed Type solutions proposed to meet diverse business requirements.
Contributed heavily to product development lifecycle of both back-end and customer-facing solutions.
Mentored team, sharing skills and expertise and encouraged each member to bring forward ideas and suggestions for improvement.
Created migration strategies to bridge development gaps between existing software architecture and future updates.
Reviewed business success drivers, applying strategic prioritization to future architectural updates.
Designed architecture strategies for large-scale System-wide application deployments.
Constructed architecture governance processes, communicating parameters to development staff during adoption training.
Captured and shared best-practice knowledge among AWS community and presented sessions at industry conferences.
Applied scripting methodologies to automate IT administrative related tasks.

.
Contact this candidate