Ashok Kumar Kumaraswamy
Phone: +1-707-***-**** Email: advb6e@r.postjobfree.com
Cloud/SRE Engineer DevOps Apps/DB Administrator Data centre migrations ITIL Process Management IT infrastructure IT Operations
Competitive IT professional with 13 years of experience in Cloud, DevOps, Infrastructure, Application administration, Installation, Application upgrades, performance tuning, deployments, and database administration.
Release Engineering, Deployments using Automation Scripts/Tools (Jenkins & Bamboo), Containers (Docker) and orchestration tools (Cloud Formation).
Proficient in AWS cloud computing & Oracle cloud Infrastructure platform.
Proficient in agile (Scrum and Kanban) and Waterfall development environment.
Extensive experience on AIX/Linux/Windows server administration.
Hands-on experience on docker and Kubernetes.
Experienced in Terraform (Infrastructure as code) scripting.
Experienced in all versions of WebLogic middleware tools administration.
Hands-on experience on monitoring tools like Splunk, wily & Datadog.
Proficient in administering AWS Aurora Postgres database.
Specialized in cut-over window optimization for Application Upgrades.
Experience in implementing various aspects of Application Security, Developer Security, Batch Processing Security and Sign-In Security.
Specialized in full life cycle implementations, transition from the legacy system to the PeopleSoft ERP System and Oracle Revenue management & Billing.
Implemented Oracle SES, F5 load balancer, OHS, Apache for PeopleSoft & Oracle Revenue management and billing applications.
Proficient in implementing Oracle Secure Enterprise Search, PeopleSoft update manager (PUM), PeopleSoft Test Framework, Data Migration Bench Work.
Automated PeopleSoft migrations using STAT & Phire migration tools.
Wide experience on scheduling application jobs through Control-m scheduler tool.
Proficient in Unix/Linux/PowerShell scripting
Proficient in managing clusters of Java micro services.
Some hands-on experience in Python scripting.
Have extensive experience in working closely with Partners and Vendors and making sure the deliverables were on track to exceedingly meet business expectations.
Strong project management and leadership skills to resolve conflicts, escalations and motivate the team to strive excellent delivery not limited to process compliance, project audits and operational clarity.
Contributed and participated in Project Proposals, Profitability Perditions, and margin optimization.
Sustain participate leadership style, develop long-term customer loyalty by building interpersonal relationships. Technical Expertise:
Technology Cloud Computing
Agile Life Cycle Tools JIRA
Versioning Control Bitbucket, GitHub
Methodologies Agile
CICD Bamboo, Jenkins
Testing Tools JMeter, SOAPUI, postman
Monitoring Tools Splunk, Wily, SiteScope, Datadog, AWS-Cloud Watch
Other Tools Service Now, HPSM
Code Quality Check SonarCube Qualys
Ashok Kumar Kumaraswamy
Phone: +1-707-***-**** Email: advb6e@r.postjobfree.com
Cloud Platform AWS, Oracle cloud Infrastructure
Cloud Computing: Amazon Web Services [ EC2, S3, VPC, Cloud Formation Template, Cloud Watch, ECS, RDS, SNS, SQS, ECS, EKS Route53, IAM, Lambda]
Containers Docker, Kubernetes
People Tools 8.44 - v8.57
Applications Upgrades HRMS 8.8 - 9.2
CRM 8.9 - 9.1
FSCM 8.9 - 9.2
PORTAL 8.9, 9.1
ORMB App & Framework 2.4 - 2.9/4.2 - 4.4
Databases Oracle 10g, 11g,12c, 19c, SQL Server 2012, DB2 10.1, Aurora Postgres 12.6
Operating Systems Windows Server 2012 R2, RedHat 6 - 8, AIX 6 &7, Solaris
Web servers Oracle WebLogic 8.1/9.2/10.3.6,12.1.3 IBM WebSphere 8.5.5
Tuxedo 8.1, 9.1, 10gR3, 12.1.3
Migration Tool STAT & Phire for PeopleSoft
Scheduling Tool Control M
HTTP Server OHS, IHS and Apache
Training/Certificates
AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate
Certified Kubernetes Administrator
SAFe 5 Agile Certification,
PeopleSoft Admin/Upgrade Certified
Trained in Oracle WebLogic Administration
Oracle Cloud infrastructure architect professional certified
Oracle certified Associate for database
Education
Bachelor of Information Technology, Anna University, India, Chennai APRIL 2009 Experience
AUGUST 2021– TILL DATE
AWS Cloud, SRE & DevOps Engineer / Client: CapitalOne Bank, USA, Virginia / Employer: Tekleaders Inc
Ashok Kumar Kumaraswamy
Phone: +1-707-***-**** Email: advb6e@r.postjobfree.com
Constructed required infrastructure on AWS cloud and deployed applications as part of YBYO [You Build, You Own] Initiative.S3 bucket setup with versioning, cross region replication, access logging and bucket policies to enforce server-side encryption.
Rehydrate the applications and do upgrade as required. Make functionality enhancements. Involved in deployment of API in AWS cloud environment. Performed Branching, Tagging, Release Activities on Version Control Tool GIT
(GitHub). Extensively worked on Jenkins CI/CD pipeline jobs for end-to-end automation to build, test and deliver artifacts and troubleshoot the build issue during the Jenkins build process. Monitored the data using Splunk tool
Used Bootstrap Script for launching large number of instances in AWS Involved in supporting cloud instances running Linux and Windows on AWS, experience with Elastic IP, Security Groups and Virtual Private Cloud in AWS. Developed container support for cloud environments and Docker. Deployed the applications in Docker containers and managed the containers in enterprise level. Developed SNS alerts at various stage of the pipeline and monitored using CloudWatch. Created users, roles and groups using Identity Access Management (IAM) and attached the required policies.
Administering the Aurora Postgres database.
Security vulnerability remediation for application and AWS infra related components.
S3 bucket setup with versioning, cross region replication, access logging and bucket policies to enforce server-side encryption.
Enhancing Terraform scripts to add or update new configuration to the existing infrastructure templates to accommodate features.
Onboarding new applications/APIs. Create Technology Operations System Support Guide and other related documents and shared it to L2 support team.
Certificate renewal for the customer facing websites and internal applications. Generating certificate signing request file and requesting certificate for the customer facing capital one domains and updating the certificate in the KDB file.
Schedule and lead technical meetings as needed. Create ENV, BAP CI (Configuration Items) and update CMDB. Helped the L2 support team in the bridge calls for addressing high severity incidents and provide support accordingly. Providing third level support for UNIX, Web Sphere, WebLogic, and AWS based applications.
Managed network security using Load balancer, Auto-scaling, Security groups and NACL. Monitoring System Performance for the real-time Customer transactions using production
monitoring tools like SiteScope, BSM, and Splunk. Also, identifies opportunities to optimize the system performance.
Prepares Disaster Recovery plans and objectives on periodical interval and ensure system is available on emergency situations.
Setup Blue Green and Canary deployment strategy for cloud-based API’s.
Create Contingency plan for often required restarts in Legacy/AWS applications. By doing so, support team can bring up the application and later go for emergency change order process.
Maintain and keep track of changes and patching occurring in Production boxes and coordinate with teams for proper post validation.
Performing deployments/releases in production environment for all business API’s. Performing code deployment for both on-prem and cloud. For on-prem, using shell scripts to deploy the code in all the app/web production environment servers. For the cloud sites/applications, using Chef and Jenkins perform the code deployment.
Create standard change orders for the applications for weekly restarts of JVMs and any routine tasks, which would reduce the paperwork of getting approvals for known changes and ease to implement.
Reviewing and approving change orders for any production code push. Ashok Kumar Kumaraswamy
Phone: +1-707-***-**** Email: advb6e@r.postjobfree.com DECEMBER 2017– AUGUST 2021
AWS Cloud, DevOps, Oracle Apps Administrator / Client: Anthem Inc, USA, Virginia / Employer: Cognizant Technologies Inc
Application/System administrator for both Oracle revenue management & billing and PeopleSoft Financial applications.
Cloud Infrastructure design and server procurement for application upgrade and datacenter migration.
Oracle revenue management & Billing & PeopleSoft financial applications upgrade and infra upgrade by contributing the system admin support on installing/configuring all the supported components on the new infrastructure to make application workable as designed.
Automating the day-to-day applications configurations/setup and deployment activities through DevOps pipeline to avoid manual intervention using Atlassian tools like Jira, Bitbucket and Bamboo.
Performed Branching, Tagging, Release Activities on Version Control Tool GIT (Bitbucket).
Extensively worked on Bamboo CI/CD pipeline jobs for end-to-end automation to build, deployment and deliver artifacts and troubleshoot the build issue during the bamboo build process.
JMS & MQ configuration, application Security on ORMB & PeopleSoft applications.
Certificate renewal for the customer facing websites and internal applications. Generating certificate signing request file and requesting certificate for the business user facing applications.
Designing Oracle revenue management & billing and PeopleSoft application jobs through Control-m Scheduling tools to avoid manual intervention for day-to-day operations as per business needs. Assisting users and team with technical support and knowledge of system availability, in need of back outs, would set up conference calls to engage technical resources to coordinate action plan.
Security vulnerability remediation for application, On Perm Servers & AWS infra related components.
Involved in business requirements and functional requirements gathering meeting that involves a review of existing systems configurations and operating methodologies as well as understanding the business requirements.
Responsible for the daily maintenance and troubleshooting of complex hosted solutions in Anthem environment by ensuring that all the Cognizant and Client specific quality standards are procedures are followed.
Provided technical support and knowledge of system availability times, in need of back outs, would set up conference calls to engage technical resources to coordinate action plan.
Setup Blue Green and Canary deployment strategy for cloud-based API’s.
Working with database, platform, storage, and network teams to resolve day to day issues on performance, platform, storage, network/firewall to solve complex problems.
Providing technical architecture design involved with infrastructure changes and integrations with 3rd party systems.
Assisting to streamline the processes to reduce and make daily workload more efficient.
Provide on call support for the business continuity, documenting problems and then devising, implementing, and documenting a permanent fix to the problems.
MARCH 2017 – DECEMBER 2017
PeopleSoft Upgrade Specialist / Client: Apollo Global Inc., USA, New York / Employer: Cognizant Technologies
Ashok Kumar Kumaraswamy
Phone: +1-707-***-**** Email: advb6e@r.postjobfree.com
Upgraded the PeopleSoft application 8.55 tools/FSCM 9.2 upgrade and PeopleSoft infrastructure upgrade.
Build, configure and released PeopleSoft environments for initial upgrade move and development, test & production.
Configured Oracle elastic search, F5 load balancer in the current upgraded infrastructure and providing support and maintenance of complete infrastructure.
Working with database, platform, storage, and network teams to resolve day to day issues on performance, platform, storage, network/firewall to solve problems.
Provided technical architecture design involved with infrastructure changes and integrations with 3rd party systems. Cutover plan preparation for Dress rehearsal and Go-Live.
Implemented Grey Heller single sign-on in upgraded PeopleSoft environment.
Scheduled all the PeopleSoft and non-PeopleSoft jobs through Tidal scheduler from the scratch. SEPTEMBER 2016 – MARCH 2017
PeopleSoft Upgrade Specialist / Client: CIT Group, USA, New Jersey / Employer: Cognizant Technologies
Responsible for upgrading the PeopleSoft application 8.55 tools/HCM 9.2 PUM deployment and PeopleSoft infrastructure migration.
Build, configure and released PeopleSoft environments for initial upgrade move and development, test & production.
Working with database, platform, storage, and network teams to resolve day to day issues on performance, platform, storage, network/firewall to solve problems.
Load Balancing/SSL deployment with Netscalar.
Provided technical architecture design involved with infrastructure changes and integrations with 3rd party systems. Cutover plan preparation for Dress rehearsal and Go-Live. APRIL 2016 – JULY 2016
PeopleSoft Upgrade Specialist / Client: UPS, USA New Jersey / Employer: Cognizant Technologies
HCM 9.2 Upgrade Initial Pass instance strategy and run book plan preparation.
Fit gap analysis to determine the amount of customization for retrofitting.
Infrastructure readiness for initial move application and tools upgrade.
Kick start and completion of Initial move application and tools upgrade.
Oracle Core DBA and PeopleSoft admin support.
SEP2015 – MARCH 2016
PeopleSoft Administrator / Client: LPCH Stanford, USA, California / Employer: Hexaware Technologies Inc
Core Oracle DBA Administration support. Providing 24/7 Support on production and non-production environment.
On call Interaction with the users based on the issues in the PeopleSoft production environment.
Monitoring Application, OEM Web logic web-console Ashok Kumar Kumaraswamy
Phone: +1-707-***-**** Email: advb6e@r.postjobfree.com
Providing complete infra support by interacting with the 3rd part vendor. Security provisioning as per the business requirements.
Handling Project migration deployments through Phire tool.
PeopleSoft Configuration Management– Re-Configuring, Maintaining and Troubleshooting
Application Servers, Process Scheduler, Web Server, Integration Broker, REN server etc.
Build Verification Test – To check proper installation and running of all processes and report.
Responsible for the daily maintenance and troubleshooting of complex hosted solutions in a high-profile multi-client PeopleSoft environment.
Worked with database, platform, storage, and network teams to resolve day to day issues on performance, platform, storage, network/firewall to solve complex problems.
Load Balancing of Web, App and Process Schedulers with F5 and Netscalar.
Provided technical architecture design involved with infrastructure changes and integrations with 3rd party systems.
Implemented Finance 9.2 mobile inventory and fluid setup in production and non-production environment. PeopleSoft Administrator / Client: Standard Chartered Bank / Employer: Hexaware Technologies, India, Chennai NOV 2013 – JULY 2015
PeopleSoft Upgrade Specialist / Client: SABB Bank / Employer: Hexaware Technologies, India, Chennai SEP 2013 – NOV 2013
PeopleSoft Upgrade Specialist / Client: Standard Chartered Bank / Employer: Hexaware Technologies, India, Chennai AUG 2013 – SEP 2013
PeopleSoft Administrator / Client: AutoZone Inc, India, Chennai NOV 2012 – JULY 2013 PeopleSoft Upgrade Specialist / Client: Australian Securities and Investment commission, Australia, Sydney / Employer: Hexaware Technologies APR 2012 – NOV 2012 PeopleSoft Upgrade Specialist / Client: Meijer Supermarket Company / Employer: Hexaware Technologies, India, Chennai DEC 2011 – MAR 2012
PeopleSoft Upgrade Specialist / Employer: Hexaware Internal Infrastructure maintenance and Application Upgrade, India, Chennai OCT 2011 – DEC 2011 PeopleSoft Administrator / Client: Conway Logistics / Employer: Hexaware Technologies India, Chennai JUNE 2011 – OCT 2011
PeopleSoft Administrator / Client: Standard Chartered Bank / Employer: Hexaware Technologies, India, Chennai APRIL 2010 – MAY 2011
Contact this candidate