Rukevwe Odjegba
Email: advh1u@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 646-***-****
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32256

OBJECTIVES:
I am a highly experienced DevOps professional with over 6 years of experience in supporting, automating, and optimizing applications in AWS. I have expertise in configuring CI/CD pipelines and leveraging AWS resources to deliver critical applications and infrastructure deployments. My focus has always been on ensuring performance, latency, and efficacy. I am confident that I have the skills and expertise necessary to succeed in this dynamic and exciting field.

SKILLS:
yaml, java, bash, python languages. Website optimizations
Continuous integrations. Auto Scaling, IAM, Route53
Linux operating system. AWS Cloud- EC2, VPC, S3, ELB, EBS
Auto scaling, IAM, route53. SonarQube
Git hosting Repositories Maven, Jenkins
Nexus. Jira
github, bitbucket, gitlab Apache, Nginx, Jboss & Tomcat
Container tool Docker
IAAC Tool Terraform/Ansible
Container Orchestration Kubernetes

WORK EXPERIENCE:
Advantis Technologies Jacksonville, Fl Aug. 2019 – Till date
Devops Engineer

Implemented security best practices in AWS including multi-factor authentication, access key rotation, and encryption using firewalls- security groups.
Performed applications installation, upgrades/patches, troubleshooting, and maintenance and monitoring of Linux servers.
Created and implemented tracking software with modules designed for specific client needs
Experience in Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform and its features including IAM, EC2, EBS, RDS, Cloud Watch, Cloud Formation, Autoscaling, Cloud Front, S3, SQS, SNS, and Route53.
Implemented a CI/CD pipeline involving Git, Jenkins, Chef, Docker, Nexus and Ansible for complete automation from commit to deployment.
Experience in working with GIT to store code and integrated it with Ansible Tower to deploy the Ansible Playbooks written in YAML
Researched latest tools and technologies to determine effectiveness in agile environment growth
Created and maintained fully automated CI/CD pipelines for code deployment using Jenkins
Managed GitHub and Nexus private repositories and permissions.
Private Cloud (VPC), Public and Private Subnets, Security Groups (SG), Route Tables, Elastic Load Balancer (ELB), Network ACL's and NAT Gateways.
Integrated SonarQube with Jenkins for continuous inspection of code quality, unit tests and bug tracking.
Experience in creating, configuring and maintaining Amazon EC2 instances.
Hands-on experience using Maven as build tool for building of deployable artifacts from source code.
Created Maven POMs to automate build process for new projects and integrated them with third party tools like SonarQube
Experienced in using and managing operating systems such as RedHat Enterprise linux, Ubuntu, and windows server.
Experienced with container-based deployments using Docker, working with Docker images, Docker Hub, Docker registries, and configuring EKS cluster using Terraform.
Used Helm to simplify code writing to handle complex applications deployment integrated with Jenkins.
Created custom mode VPCs in AWS with multi-regional private and public subnets along with firewall rules to allow SSH, ICMP, and RDP ingress traffic.
Performed package management, upgrades/patches, troubleshooting, maintenance and monitoring of applications using Prometheus and Grafana.
Use Helm charts to deploy Prometheus and Grafana for monitoring.
Network configuration and troubleshoot issues with respect to network and configuration files.
Managing multi-tier enterprise and web application deployment in Kubernetes leveraging AWS resources.
Monitored the overall build process and responsible for maintaining the code coverage results in SonarQube dashboard.
Version control operations with Git/GitHub
Able to understand team members code and adhere to their style.
Experience in Bug/Issue tracking tools like HP Quality Center, Jira
Worked on implementing architecture using API Gateway, Lambda and Dynamo DB and deployed AWS Lambda code from Amazon S3 buckets. Created Lambda Deployment function and configured it to receive events from S3 bucket.
Managed all the releases using an internal tool Control-Next which acts as a dashboard to track the progress on the releases.
Leveraged Agile methodologies to move development lifecycle rapidly through initial prototyping to enterprise-quality testing and final implementation.
Strong experience with configuration management and automation using ansible and Terraform.

WORK EXPERIENCE:
Kyte Logistics Jacksonville, Fl. Feb. 2016 – July 2019
Cloud Engineer

Used GIT & GitHub as SCM tool, created branches, tags and provided access permissions to developers on various branches.
Created organizations, repos when needed and granted required access.
Business intelligence and dashboard reporting
Scheduled ongoing performance quality assurance checks for software applications and automated performance test scripts
Recommended and implemented GIT Best practices.
Created and maintained fully automated CI/CD pipelines for code deployment using Jenkins
Used Jenkins Declarative pipelines to deploy applications to appropriate targets
Managed GitHub and Nexus private repositories and permissions.
Integrated SonarQube with Jenkins for continuous inspection of code quality, unit tests and bug tracking.
Installed web/application Servers (Nginx, Apache, JBoss/Wildfly and Tomcat
Configured and deployed highly available, scalable applications on AWS Cloud using EC2, RDS, S3, ELB, and Auto scaling.
Experience in writing various Docker files and built container images to create Docker containers for each environment and further pushed them to Amazon ECR for storage.
Experience with File systems and system configurations
Strong experience in enhancing security configuration in Linux server
Performed inventory of servers in the environment
Participated in the migration of physical Linux/windows servers to AWS cloud
Experience in using Application Load balancers with a good knowledge of traffic patterns
Process Administration and management like monitoring, start/stop/kill various processes/sub processes.
Installed and Configured the Nexus repository manager for sharing the artifacts within the company.
Hardened/Secured servers by patching, enforcing firewalls and setting up password policies as required by the company.
Created CI/CD pipelines on Jenkins and setup auto triggers like poll scm, build periodically and GitHub web-hooks.
Used build tools like Maven for building and nexus to upload artifacts such as Jar, war and ear files

EDUCATION:
Bachelor Florida State College
Contact this candidate