HENRY KIPLAGAT ROP
Clarksville, TN *****. advmdp@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE AND COMPETENCIES
To obtain a position as a DevOps Engineer/Site Reliability Engineer/AWS cloud engineer where my technical skills problem solving can be effectively utilized to improve and support company operations.
DevOps Engineer with 4+ years of progressive experience with a strong Linux background. Extensive
understanding of automation and deployment, configuring and administering CI/CD pipeline. Highly effective at problem solving and decision making.
SKILLS
CI/CD tools: Jenkins, Maven, SonarQube.
Cloud services: AWS (EBS, EC2, EKS, ECS, ECR, Route 53)
Container Technologies: Docker, Kubernetes, lens
Database: RDS, S3, Glacier
Iac: Terraform
Configuration tool: Ansible
Linux: Centos, Ubuntu Red-hat, Vagrant
Monitoring tools: Prometheus, Grafana
Networking: VPC, Nat Gateways, Haproxy, DNS, TCP/IP
Scripting: Bash Scripting,
Version Control system: Git / GitHub
EXPERIENCE
(DevOps Engineer) Data Service Group - Bear, Delaware SEP 2019-Present
Using tools such as Jenkins, maven, and nexus with experience in Jenkins orchestration and configuration management
Launching and configuring amazon ec2 cloud servers using AMI's, designing and implementing scalable, secure cloud architecture based on amazon web services.
Improve CI/CD tools integration/operations, and full automation of CI/testing
Troubleshoot issues along the CI/CD pipeline
Architecting cost-effective infrastructure by utilizing various AWS services and options
Building and configuring of ec2 instance on AWS cloud platform, the configuration of elastic load balancer (ELB) for traffic control for the ec2 and s3 instances
Expertise in AWS, experience in implementing new AWS instances and working with EBS and s3 storage, IAM.
Hands-on experience building deployment pipelines and automated testing environments
Experienced with CI/CD development approach and containers such as Docker
Expertise with orchestration and configuration management tools such Ansible
Working as a DevOps Engineer for a team that involves three different development teams and multiple simultaneous software releases
Integrate Maven and SonarQube in Jenkins to build and ensure code quality
Created and maintained Account Policies & Roles on IAM, Security Groups, and Access Control Lists.
Hands-on with Git/GitHub for version control including branching and tagging
Worked with several Docker components including docker engineer, hub, & compose.
Utilize Ansible for configuration management such as deploying applications and provisioning servers
Manage and monitor servers and infrastructure using Prometheus and Grafana
Modify bash scripts to automate tasks and configurations
(Linux Administrator) Data Service Group- Bear, Delaware JAN 2018-AUG 2019
Performed software package and patch administration, involving adding and removing software packages and updating patches
Setup various user profiles, environment variables/security to ensure smooth operation.
Worked on creating and removing files and directories in Linux servers.
Optimized systems and application performance using techniques like shutdown, reboot, start and stop services.
Managed virtual servers, decommissioned old servers and kept track of decommissioned and new servers using inventory list.
Set up cron jobs on the servers.
Granted root permission to users for performing certain activities.
Attended calls related to customer queries and complaints, offered solutions to them.
Maintained proper documentation of all the activities carried out during the project.
Handled problems or requirements as per the ticket (Request Tracker) created.
US Army 8th Med-Log Co. Illesheim, Germany (Pharmacy Technician) Nov 2013- Nov 2017
A pre-packing conventional medication that resulted in 15% faster order completion
Initiate a new process that ensures 100% stock availability while increasing inventory turnover.
Streamlined Pharmacy process to reduce the time the patients spend while getting medication.
Maintain medication inventory to ensure patient accessibility when requiring medication refills.
EDUCATION
Bachelors in Nursing, RN Aug 2018- Dec 2019 Belmont University, Nashville, TN
Associate of Science: Pharmacy Technician March 2014 -August 2014
Medical Education and Training Campus - Fort Sam Houston, San Antonio.
Contact this candidate