Education Qualifications:
Masters/Information Technology/Valparaiso University/Indiana/2015-2016.
Bachelors/Instrumentation and Control Engineering/Hyderabad/JNTU/2012.

Professional Summary:
Overall 6+ Years of onsite experience and 8+ years of overall IT industry experience in Azure Active Directory Management, configuration management, Infrastructure automation, Continuous Integration and Delivery (CI/CD), using ARM Templates, Azure PowerShell Module.

Work as Cloud Administrator and involved in configuring PaaS, IaaS services like Azure storage accounts (Blob& Table), Key Vaults, Virtual Machines and Azure AD, Resource Groups etc.
Hands on with Visual Studio Code and with cloud networking topology and diagnostics.
Networking: Hands on with gathering, review and validate network requirements and set up network security groups for two tier and three tier applications, also configuring VNets and subnets, private and public facing azure load balancers. Deploy and configure network and firewall configurations. Troubleshoot Windows Server, Active Directory, and physical infrastructure issues.
Azure Active Directory: Provision and manage access/permissions to individuals, security enabled active directory groups, service principals, managed identities across cloud environment. Propose new access model over resources like Log analytics workspace or storage account. Manage Table level access.
Security and Governance: Attend audit meetings to review, validate and ensure secured access across cloud environment and impose guardrails and network security over Azure resources like storage account.
Expertise on Automation writing Power Shell scripts, Git & Linux commands. Develop and manage the roll out schedules, implementation plans and activities/tasks for and across all functional groups involved in the release and work across functional groups involved in the release.
Configure the setup of every release biweekly and monthly on the regular basis for product teams to perform integration testing.
Strong foundation of knowledge around Azure cloud services and the cloud ecosystem, experience of building and delivering robust highly available solutions.
Good interaction with developers, managers, and team members to coordinated job tasks and strong commitment to work.
Experience in supporting 24/7 production environments, on-call and weekend support.

TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS
Operating Systems
Linux, Microsoft Windows.
Version Control Tools
GIT, Bitbucket.
Web/Application servers
Apache Tomcat, Nginx, WebSphere, JBOSS, Oracle WebLogic.
Automation Tools
Jenkins, Chef.
Build Tools
Ant, Maven.
Configuration Tools
Chef
Databases
SQL, MySQL, NoSQL, Oracle11g.
Bug Tracking Tools
JIRA and IBM Rational ClearQuest, Confluence.
Scripting
Bash, PowerShell
Containerization Tools
Docker, Kubernetes.
Programming Languages
C/C++, Java &PHP.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Walgreens, IL Sep 2019 – Till date
Role: Sr. Azure-Cloud Admin
Responsibilities:
Manage Azure Active Directory and creating new groups for users, actively worked on IAM. Resolve Access issues. Actively coordinate with Microsoft teams and troubleshoot. Worked on Azure AD connect to sync on-premises AD user data, groups and organizations to Azure AD and provide RBAC to Azure resources as per org/security standards.
Support the code builds by integrating with continuous integration tool (Jenkins).
Creating NSGs for subnets and writing rules to deny/allow IPs. Writing Firewall rules as per the organization standards.
Involved in Creating and Managing Virtual Machines in Windows Azure and Setting up communications with the help of endpoints.
Used Power BI for cost estimation/financial reports.
Deploy storage accounts, Key Vaults. Create Alert rules for monitoring purposes. Worked on Implementation of Azure Key Vault in different applications to help maintaining keys and secrets across different environments in a secured way.
Installations of oms agent extensions on servers and connecting them to workspace for monitoring.
Deployed Azure IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and Cloud services (PaaS role instances) into secure VNets and subnets.
Involved in continuous integration server installation using Jenkins and configured all Git repositories
Handled Linux staging and testing environments. Experience in creating ARM Templets for Azure platform.
Environment: MS Azure Portal, Bit bucket, Power BI, JIRA, ARM Templates, JSON, SQL, Azure AD, PowerShell, SharePoint, Linux/Git commands.

HBO, NY OCT 2018 – SEP 2019
Role: Sr. Cloud Admin

Utilized PowerShell scripts which automates the creation of contacts from Active Directory users and updating of address books, increasing productivity and efficiency.
Manage RBAC by assigning and removing/revoking roles across Cloud environment. Knowledge on Azure AD bulk User, Group and assigning Users to Azure resources.
Deployed the initial Azure components like Azure Virtual Networks, Azure Application Gateway, Azure Storage and Affinity groups.
PowerShell scripting for Automation - Creating VM’s, Virtual Networking, VPN, Key Vault and Load balancer
Involved in building the Web API to perform all the CRUD operations and used new Azure API management for security, throttling, analytics, monitoring, and alerts.
Setting up Virtual networks for site-to-site, Point-to- Site and Express Route (Network Provider Model).
Setting up Azure Network Security with NSG (Network Security Group) and Endpoint ACLS. Implementation of User Defined Routing (UDR).
Environment: Microsoft Azure cloud environment, Kubernetes, PowerShell Scripting, Bitbucket, JIRA, GIT, SharePoint.

CHUBB, NJ June 2016 – Oct 2018
Role: Sr. Cloud Admin

Manage Azure Active Directory and creating new groups for users, actively worked on IAM. Provision Resource Groups, Storage accounts, web apps, App services and assign IAM Roles to AD Groups as per security standards.
Deploy Application Gateway and configure.
Automating in Azure for creation of subscription, Storage Account and blobs using Windows PowerShell.
Exposed Virtual machines and cloud services in the VNets to the Internet using Azure External Load Balancer.
Implemented high availability with Azure Classic and Azure Resource Manager deployment models.
Designed and configured Network Security Groups (NSGs) to control inbound and outbound access to network interfaces (NICs), VMs and subnets.
Convert existing Virtual Machine from Standard to Premium Storage Account. Patching and Validating of Virtual Machine in Azure.
Coordinating with Microsoft for increasing subscription limit like- Core limit and Cloud Services. Handling and Resolving Client's Issues remotely. Client Interaction over the Phone or Emails to provide instant response.
Environment: Jira, Bit Bucket, MS Azure Portal, Git, JIRA, PowerShell, SQL, SharePoint, Networking.

Serco India Pvt ltd, Hyderabad, INDIA April 2012 to March 2015
Role: Azure Admin

Provisioned resource groups and virtual machines, network interface, virtual networks, SubNets, load balancers, storage accounts, functions and SQL databases within.
Provisioned azure key-vault in order to store all the credentials for SQL databases and for API keys.
Migrated Blob Storage for document and media filetable storage for structured datasets, Queue storage for reliable messaging for workflow processing and file storage to share file data.
Worked on multiple things like setting up kubernetes dashboards with AAF and also using kubeconfig.
Collecting data from Azure Resources using Log Analytics and stored in the Azure storage and analyze the data to resolve issues.
Configured and deployed the Operations Management Suite (OMS) for monitoring and change tracking.
Configuration of Internal load balancer, load balanced sets and Azure Traffic manager.
Uploaded Vhd files into Azure Storage Account using AZ Copy.
Experienced in Software Development Life-Cycle, Incident, Problem, Change, and Release Management practices.
Used JIRA as a ticketing tool to create issues going on in any environments.
Environment: JIRA, Bit Bucket, MS Azure Portal, PowerShell, SQL, SharePoint.
Contact this candidate