JON K. MCDANIEL

***** ******** ****, *** ***, LEONARDTOWN, MD 20650

301-***-**** advpvr@r.postjobfree.com

Microsoft Systems Engineer
I am a highly skilled professional with over 21years experience in the IT industry. I pride myself on being an incredibly detailed oriented self-starter and an extremely motivated individual with the ability to solve technical problems in a timely manner. My exceptional interpersonal and communication skills afford me the ability to lead a team of IT professionals in a diverse and complex network environment. My diverse background includes installing, configuration, hardening and troubleshooting Windows networks to systems administration of Windows 2019, 2016, and 2012 servers. I have extensive experience working with MECM, GPO, DPM, Windows Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange 2013, workstation software, hardware configurations, application integration for GOTS and COTS software as well as troubleshooting complex system errors. I am a customer-oriented professional with experience in classroom instruction, user support operations, task manager duties, telephone, and direct end-user support. I am an expansive thinker with an outstanding record of achievement and delivering innovative solutions with seamless integration to complex network situations to a wide array of diverse and demanding customers. My professionalism and strong work ethic have been recognized by my superiors through awards, promotions, performance appraisals and annual pay increases.

Management Skills
Operations Lead Engineer – Responsible for managing contract employees in a team setting
Provides a detailed monthly network status report to management for status and break/fix reporting. This report is forwarded to the client and used in part to obtain annual award fees
Developed system requirements for planning computer system deployments, coordinating team system resource scheduling, and for purchasing new hardware and software the meet customer needs
Eight years’ experience creating and managing technical computer training programs for end-users
Provide technical and instructional computer administrative support to hundreds of customers

Employment History

Senior Microsoft Systems Administrator Jan 3, 2020 – Oct 25, 2022
Lion Federal, LLC Chantilly, VA

Manage and monitors Windows servers (2019,2016) using VMware ESXi vSphere Client v6.7
Expertise in configuring, building, implementation, and administering Windows Servers including hardening, patching, updates, and assist in resolving associated system outages and other incidents.
Manages and monitors Windows servers’ system performance. Provides monthly patch management and performance monitoring. Responsible for ensuring all issues are resolved in a timely manner
Extremely proficient with Windows Active Directory, DNS and Group Policy (GPO).
Windows Server Update Services v10.0 (WSUS) - Manage the distribution of updates, patches and hotfixes released for Microsoft products to Windows servers and VDI workstations. Monitors monthly updates from an upstream server and then approves and distributes them to servers in a secure enclave.
Proficient with Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager (MECM v2010) – As the MECM expert I manage, deploy, track and monitor installs to client computers in an enterprise environment. Provide inventory, software distribution, operating system imaging, settings, and security management for a Windows server data farm of 2019, 2016 and 2012 Windows servers.
Provide Tier 4 support to AWS Cloud Computing (C2S) and vital VMware servers that support mission critical services, applications, and data collection systems.
As a member of a Cloud Engineer team my responsibilities included setting up and managing Windows Servers on Amazon using EC2, AMI’s and Cloud Watch.
Manage AMIs, Snapshots and Volumes. Upgrade/downgrade AWS resources (CPU, Memory, EBS).
Highly experienced with McAfee Orchestrator (ePO) v5.10 – Manage McAfee ePO server and McAfee products (e.g., Endpoint Security, McAfee Agent, Endpoint Threat Protection). Manage daily and monthly updates and provides daily monitoring of all system threats.
Group Policy Object – Responsible for the administration, management, and configuration for a Windows domain environment. Ensure Group Policies are defined in a way to increase the security of users, servers and help defend against both insider threats and external attacks.
Citrix XenApp - In-depth knowledge of Citrix Provisioning and Studio for Desktop Virtualization Solutions. In-depth knowledge of building and deploying VDI workstation builds.
Monitor the systems for possible problems, analyze the problem for resolution paths, implement solutions, and or work with vendors to resolve issues.
Experienced and knowledgeable with accreditation procedures to obtain Authorization to Operate (ATO). Responsible for mitigating and eliminating vulnerabilities and compliance issues.

Systems Engineer, Jr. / Operations Technical Team Lead Jun 2017 – Jan 2020
CACI NSS, Inc. Herndon, VA
Operational/Technical Team Lead – responsible for a team of Systems Operations Administrators
SCOM Engineer – Perform administrative tasks from the Operation Manager console. Provide application support for the SCOM platform – create and maintain monitoring/notification rules. Responsible for the daily monitoring of the health and performance of all Domain servers/services
DPM Engineer – On a daily basis create and manage DPM Protection Groups. Troubleshoot Data Source Health errors as they occur and perform data restores as needed
Provide Tier 3/4 support to vital systems supporting mission critical servers, services, and applications. Conduct System Engineering efforts to identify and resolve complex problems and perform failure analysis to look past symptoms and identify the root cause of the failure to reduce or eliminate recurring problems
Manage and monitor virtual Windows servers using Failover Cluster Manager and Virtual Machine Manager

Operations Lead Engineer Feb 2016 – Jun 2017
CACI NSS, Inc. McLean, VA
Provide Tier 3 support to vital systems that support mission critical servers, applications and tools
System engineering to identify and resolve complex problems. Conduct failure analysis to look past symptoms and identify the root cause of the failure to eliminate recurring problems
Conduct Monthly Operations Reviews to cover Network outages and performance trends
Manage and monitor virtual Windows servers using Failover Cluster Manager
Prepare required documentation, including both program-level and user-level documentation
Performs Operations & Maintenance (O&M) duties for server farms and project related functions
Interact with customers, via telephone and on-site visits to troubleshoot and resolve routine hardware, software and performance problems related to customer accounts and workstations
Perform network and system monitoring using System Center Operations Manager 2012 to evaluate computer system’s state, health and performance information
Manage and support three XenApp servers through the Citrix XenApp Console
Coordinates with component close support managers and officers on upcoming installations, releases and potential service impacts along with facilitating resolutions of operational issues
Operations Lead Engineer Jul 2010 – Feb 2016
L-3 STRATIS, Inc. McLean, VA
Provide Tier 3 support to vital systems that support mission critical servers, applications and tools
System engineering to identify and resolve complex problems. Conduct failure analysis to look past symptoms and identify the root cause of the failure to eliminate recurring problems.
Conduct Monthly Operations Reviews to cover Network outages and performance trends.
Test, maintain, coordinate the installation and monitor computer programs and systems
Prepare required documentation, including both program-level and user-level documentation
Performs Operations & Maintenance (O&M) duties for server farms and project related functions
Interact with customers, via telephone and on-site visits, to troubleshoot and resolve routine hardware, software and performance problems related to customer accounts and workstations
Perform network and system monitoring using System Center Operations Manager 2012 to evaluate computer system’s state, health and performance information
Coordinates with component close support managers and officers on upcoming installations, releases and potential service impacts along with facilitating resolutions of operational issues

Operations Engineer / Task Manager Mar 2009 – Jul 2010
BAE Systems Inc. McLean, VA
Performed Operations & Maintenance (O&M) duties for server farms and project related functions
Provides 2nd and 3rd-tier support and problem resolution for server hardware and Windows O/S
Maintains server reliability using HP Systems Insight Manager on HP DL580 G2/3, 380G3/4
Build Windows 2003 and 2000 virtual servers with VMware (ESX and GSX)
Provide, solicit and define user requirements for current and future projects.
Interact with customers, via telephone and on-site visits, to troubleshoot and resolve routine hardware, software and performance problems related to customer servers
Serve as a liaison between employees and appropriate technical business unit by communicating with those units on routine installations, problems, resolutions, and system upgrades
Provides desktop and troubleshooting support to include Lotus Notes, Microsoft Suite of applications, customized COTS packages and customer developed applications

Sr. Lead Systems Administrator Sep 2005 – Mar 2009
BAE Systems Inc. McLean, VA
Performed Operations & Maintenance (O&M) duties for server farms and project related functions
Provides 2nd and 3rd-tier support and problem resolution for server hardware and Windows O/S
Maintains server reliability using HP Systems Insight Manager on HP DL580 G2/3, 380G3/4
Build Windows 2003 and 2000 virtual servers with VMware (ESX and GSX)
Provide, solicit and define user requirements for current and future projects.
Interact with customers, via telephone and on-site visits, to troubleshoot and resolve routine hardware, software and performance problems related to customer servers
Serve as a liaison between employees and appropriate technical business unit by communicating with those units on routine installations, problems, resolutions, and system upgrades
Maintains knowledge of all application, operating systems, server hardware through continuous education, learning opportunities, journals, and technical manuals
Provides desktop and troubleshooting support to include Lotus Notes, Microsoft Suite of applications, customized COTS packages and customer developed applications

Lead Systems Administrator Jan 2002 – Sep 2005
CACI Technologies, Inc. Ft. Meade, MD
Computer System Administrative system support for 60 workstations in a uniquely configured LAN
Create and maintain client’s Domain and e-mail LAN accounts
Monitors and maintains daily, weekly and monthly tape backups on Windows NT Server machines using VERITAS Backup Exec 9.1 software
Conduct technical support on Windows 2000 Servers and all system hardware
Build and support workstation operating system loads and set workstations up for client use
Maintain, configure, and service all network printers for system availability
Maintains all necessary databases required to track all customer’s computer accounts
Provides hands-on computer technical and written instruction training to all personnel

Education & Certifications

Formal Education
Strayer University – Certification / Diploma, Computer Information Systems

Professional Education
Installing and Configuring Windows Server 2012 – Global Knowledge (Oct 2017)
ITIL Foundations Certification (version 2)
Certificate of Completion: Managing and Maintaining a MS Windows Server 2003 Environment
Certificate of Achievement: Windows Operating System Fundamentals (Win95/98)
Contact this candidate