JUDITH STEVEN
Phone: 323-***-**** Email: advq0n@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
A top performer with 4 years of experience in the IT industry and experience working in Designing & amp, Architecting solutions on public Cloud on AWS platforms through Agile methodologies. DevOps Engineer with experience in configuring CI/CD pipelines and integrating tools. Deployed and managed AWS infrastructure via Infrastructure as Code (IaC) with Terraform. Utilized Ansible to manage configurations for AWS resources. Setup New Relic monitoring as a central monitoring platform for various systems. Passionate about learning new tools and technologies that can be used to automate and create efficiency. Experience in Linux Administration, Configuration Management, Release Management and Cloud Implementations.
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner and AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate with almost 3 years of IT Cloud Computing experience comprising Amazon Web Services, implementation, and application support, having acquired extensive experience in designing, deploying, and operating highly available, scalable, and fault-tolerant systems using Amazon Web Services (AWS) and other supporting services.

CERTIFICATIONS
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate

TECHNICAL SKILLS
AWS Services: Linux Administration, AWS CLI, CloudFormation, EC2, EBS, S3, RDS, VPC, SNS, IAM, DynamoDB, CloudFront, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, Route53, Elastic Load Balancer, Internet Gateway, NAT gateway, AWS CodeCommit, AWS CodeBuild, AWS CodePipeline, AWS CodeDeploy, AWS Config, Ansible, Git, GITHUB, and Jenkins.
Versioning Tools: Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, and GitLab
Operating Systems: Microsoft (Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Office Suite) Windows 10, Linux, and Unix
Reporting and Visualization: Excel, Google Charts, AWS Quicksight
Scripting & Other Tools: Terraform, UNIX Shell Scripts (Bash), Git Bash, Ansible, Kubernetes, Putty, CLI, JSON, YAML, and PYTHON.
Databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, MSSQL, Oracle, and NoSQL Databases

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

AWS/Cloud Engineer Sep 2021 – Dec 2022
Techchak – Dallas, Texas
Planned, built, and configured network infrastructure within VPC with public and private subnets, configured routing tables, security groups, and Internet Gateway.
Designed strategy for migration of applications from enterprise VMware to AWS.
Provisioned AWS resources using management console as well as Command Line Interface.
Built and maintained highly scalable and fault-tolerant multi-tier AWS environments spanning across multiple availability zones using Terraform and CloudFormation.
Wrote Terraform scripts for building Development, Staging, Production, and Disaster Recovery environments.
Worked with team members to design, develop, and deploy several AWS services as stacks –with a focus on scalability, high availability, and fault tolerance.
Configured NACL, Security Groups, and Web Application Firewalls (WAF) to secure the application and VPC network depending on access parameters provided and conditions.
Leveraged CloudFormation and Terraform to provision resources such as VMs and Ansible to configure applications on the VMs.
Created and managed IAM user accounts and role-based policies for access to AWS services.
Created and managed users, permissions, directories, and files in a Linux environment
Implemented and maintained monitors, alarms, and notifications for EC2 instances using CloudWatch and SNS.
Performed S3 buckets creation, access policies, and archived outdated data to Glacier through Lifecycle Policy configuration.
Launched databases via RDS to support web application functionality.
Implemented compliance with CIS Benchmark on AWS environment
Setup storage for infrastructures in the AWS cloud using server-side encryption Key Managed Service (SSE-KMS).
Defined and deployed monitoring metrics, and logging systems using CloudWatch and CloudTrail.
Designed, developed, and implemented high availability, backup, and recovery strategy for applications and databases.

Devops Engineer April 2019 – June 2021
Dominion Systems – Toronto, Canada
Created Cloud Infrastructure and deploying tools on AWS cloud environment.
Designed and implemented a highly efficient automation pipeline from development to deployment.
Massively reduced time to deliver different infrastructure layers by utilizing automation and configuration tools.
Infrastructure 100% as a code, utilizing terraform and Gitlab CI/CD.
Administered cloud instances and services such as AWS, EC2, VPC, IAM, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, CloudFront.
Deploy advanced Continuous Integration &amp, Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) practices including software configuration
Management, test automation, version control and provisioning/deployment using Jenkins, Github and Gitlab.
Troubleshoot and resolve internal cases logged by end users related to records maintenance, access/visibility, system errors, reporting issues. Mentored system admin interns on proper technical methods.
Using Docker for containerization and Kubernetes for container orchestration. Involved in release process and deployed applications (WAR, EAR and JAR) to tomcat.
Experience on Git-created branches, tagging, merging and providing access permissions to the developer over branches. Created organizations and repo and granted required access, ensuring pull request is used before merging.
Exposure working on Jenkins Pipeline CI/CD Practices. investigated and fixed jenkins pipeline if any continuous deployment fails for lower environments. Managed AWS assets and integrated multiple AWS resources into solutions appropriate for company projects.

Other competencies Tools: ServiceNow, Remedyforce, Clearvision
Additional Qualities: Customer-Focused Mindset, Analytical, Crisis Management/Escalation, Client Relationship Management, Cross-Functional Team Management, Remote Desktop Support, Program Management, System Multitasking, ability to work flexible schedules.

EDUCATION AND PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS
Professional Certificate in DevOps Engineering master's Program (University of Landmark Technologies)
Bachelor of Science in Cell & Molecular Biology (California State University, Dominguez Hills)
Contact this candidate