Adeyemi John Yomi
AWS Cloud & DevOps Engineer
I have 3 plus years’ experience supporting, automating, designing, and optimizing mission critical deployments in AWS, leveraging automation, CI/CD and DevOps processes. Also, I have comprehensive experience with AWS, Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible, Linux and Kubernetes. Designed the micro service & Server-less based architecture of application infrastructure and deployed applications across hybrid cloud platforms.

Address
Frederick, MD 21703
Phone
(240) 608 – 0463
E-mail
advt6w@r.postjobfree.com

Skills

Amazon Web Services Agile
Python Linux DevOps Jenkins Terraform Git
AWS CLI AWS SDK
New Relic CICD

Participated in crowd sourcing internal projects and delivered tasks to the project managers.

AWS Solutions Architect -
Associate

1999-01 -
2001-12
Bachelor of Science: Geology & Mining
University of Ibadan – Ibadan.

1997-01 -
1998-12
Associate Degree: Laboratory Technology
Federal University of Agric – Abeokuta.

Work History
2022-03 -
Current
AWS Cloud and DevOps Engineer
Catalent Cell & Gene Therapy, Rockville
Proposed a solution to automate Infrastructure for data clients and created terraform scripts to automate infra.
Created shell scripts in Linux and automated 40% build process on development environment via Jenkins Deployed Front end and backend application as containers in Kubernetes cluster and view cluster report via Rancher.
Migrated data from on-premise SQL Server to AWS RDS using Data migration service Helped internal teams to create standard procedure documents with different solutions architectures
Created a Jenkins pipeline to automate a Java build
pipeline and save developer's time by 22%.
2019-11 -
2022-03
AWS Cloud Architect
AstraZeneca Pharmaceutical, Frederick, MD
Participated in infrastructure setup on AWS cloud by conﬁguration changes and creation of new resources.
Track real time logs in New Relic and created Metrics to display real time infrastructure statistics.
Plan, build and conﬁgure network infrastructure within VPC with public and private subnets, conﬁgure routing tables, security group and internet gateway.
Hosted static website pages on S3 and deployed backend as AWS lambda functions.
Integrated lambda with DynamoDB to store users’ information and designed the schema of DynamoDB to
avoid data redundancies.
Education
Certifications
2003-01 -
2004-12
Postgraduate Diploma in Clinical Psychology
University of Ibadan, Ibadan.
Contact this candidate