Ramón Manuel Lucero
DNI: ********
Date and Place of birth: February, 22th of 1987 - Corrientes Capital Address : Donovan 829 – Resistencia Chaco
Marital Status: Married
Telephone Number: 379-***-****
Cell Phone Number: 379-*********
Email: advufn@r.postjobfree.com
Skype: manuuuuu10
Career Goals
Manuel has worked in desktop and web application development for over 10 years. He is talented at using developing technologies for solving different sorts of problems and making well-built applications. Furthermore, he is eager to learn about new technologies and gain experience which can help him become a better professional in the field of Software development. Experience
2021 - 2023 Staff Engineer, Technical Lead
Curebase - Resistencia
Working as a Tech Lead in the Platform Team.
Projects:
● Leading Localization Project: Support for multiple languages and currencies in the Platform
● Maintenance and Cloud Operations
● Manage different platform projects and initiatives.
● Leading Cros Notifications Delivery System
● Leading Auth Migration Project
Tasks:
● Defining plans and implementations roadmaps of differents services
● Defining with product priorities and expectations of all the deliverables
● Development of Rest Services and Graphql with the proper quality and auth logic
● Usage of Federation Schema with apollo within a Microservice Architecture
● Usage of AWS resources like S3, Cloudwatch, SNS, SQS, DynamoDB, Lambdas, Cloudfront, Cloudformation, ECS, etc
● Creation of a Design System of UI components using React
● Implementation of Auth Services and providers (internal and Auth0)
● Helping team to get unblocked with tasks and stakeholders
● E2E testing with supertest and cypress
Technologies: NodeJS, React, React Native, AWS, Docker, Graphql, typescript, auth0, CIO, terraform, PostgreSQL 2021 Cloud Engineer / Full Stack developer
PedidosYa Contractor - Resistencia
Working as a Cloud Engineer / Full stack developer for the Loyalty Program Team Projects:
● Loyalty Relaunch
Tasks:
● Development of Rest Services with the proper quality and auth logic
● Usage of AWS resources like S3, Cloudwatch, SNS, SQS, DynamoDB, Lambdas, Cloudfront, Cloudformation, ECS, etc
● E2E testing with supertest and cypress
Technologies: NodeJS, React, AWS, Docker, Graphql, typescript, NextJS, NestJS, terraform, PostgreSQL 2021 Cloud Engineer / Full Stack developer
Bright.Ai Contractor - Resistencia
Working as a Cloud Engineer / Full stack developer for a multidisciplinary team, with technologies such as nodejs, React, React-native and AWS.
Projects:
● Payments API
● Machines Admin
Tasks:
● Development of Rest Services and Graphql with the proper quality and auth logic
● Connection with payment methods like stripe, Amazon Gift Card services, etc
● Usage of Federation Schema with apollo within a Microservice Architecture using Python
● Usage of AWS resources like S3, Cloudwatch, SNS, SQS, DynamoDB, Lambdas, Cloudfront, Cloudformation, ECS, etc
● E2E testing with supertest and cypress
Technologies: NodeJS, python, React, AWS, Docker, Graphql, typescript, NextJS, terraform 2020 - 2021 Web UI and NodeJS developer
Globant – PVOLVE - Resistencia
Working as a Technical lead for a multidisciplinary team, with technologies such as nodejs, React, React-native, Go and AWS.
Projects:
● Payment and Entitlements - Creation of the new Payment Platform at Pvolve.
● Maintenance: Current Mobile and Web App.
Tasks:
● Development of Rest services with the proper quality
● Connection with payment methods like stripe
● Usage of AWS resources like S3, Cloudwatch, SNS, SQS, DynamoDB, Lambdas, Cloudfront, Cloudformation, ECS, etc.
● E2E testing with supertest and cypress
● Serverless architecture built in Go and NodeJS
● Defining plans and implementations roadmaps of differents services
● Defining with product priorities and expectations of all the deliverables
● Helping team to get unblocked with tasks and stakeholders Technologies: NodeJS, Go, React, React Native, AWS, Docker, typescript, NextJS, Serverless, terraform 2020 Web UI and NodeJS developer
Globant – Disney Media and Entertainment Distribution - Resistencia Working as a Technical lead in the Nat Geo Migration to Disney and in the Entitlements Squad, working with technologies such as nodejs, React, python, flask, Spring and AWS. Projects:
● Nat Geo MIgration - Referent in the Nat Geo Migration to Disney
● Entitlements Squad
Tasks:
● Migration of all services from python to a serverless architecture with NodeJS
● Defining plans and implementations roadmaps of differents services
● Defining with product priorities and expectations of all the deliverables
● Usage of AWS resources like S3, Cloudwatch, SNS, SQS, DynamoDB, Lambdas, Cloudfront, Cloudformation, ECS, etc.
● E2E testing with cypress
● Helping team to get unblocked with tasks and stakeholders
● Data Migration for entitlements and profiles from a platform to another
● Migration of Core services from python to Java and Graphql using apollo Technologies: NodeJS, Java, Python, React, AWS, Docker, typescript, NextJS, SAM, terraform,PostgreSQL 2019 – 2020 Web UI and NodeJS developer
Globant – National Geographic - Resistencia
Working as a Technical lead in the Data Privacy Project, with technologies such as nodejs, React, python, flask and AWS.
Projects:
● Data Privacy – Technical Lead of the team in charge of developing the UI and Services to develop the GDPR and CCPA compliance.
Tasks:
● Creation of the Privacy Center for users
● Creation of exports services and delete account services
● Usage of AWS resources like S3, Cloudwatch, SNS, SQS, DynamoDB, Lambdas, Cloudfront, Cloudformation, ECS, etc.
● Maintenance of the Auth layer in Auth0
● Defining plans and implementations roadmaps of differents services
● Defining with product priorities and expectations of all the deliverables
● Helping team to get unblocked with tasks and stakeholders Technologies: NodeJS, Python, React, AWS, Docker, SAM, ansible 2018 – 2020 Adscript Researcher - CINAPTIC
UTN – Resistencia
Working as a member of the Investigation team, I research, code and analyze results on Intelligent Systems and Algorithms.
Projects:
● Semantic Analysis For DSS – Research, maintenance, bug fixing, development and analysis of results.
Paper: “Análisis de resultados de búsquedas en la Web: un enfoque semántico” Tasks:
● Creation of a web scraper and crawler in python using django
● Implementing knowledge graph with dbpedia and neo4j
● UI implementation in React
Technologies: NodeJS, Python, React, AWS, Docker, terraform 2017 – 2019 Sr. Fullstack Developer
PEMAC – Ireland
Working as a fullstack developer, with different technologies, NodeJS, Ext JS and Python. Projects:
● PEMAC Assets – Maintenance, bug fixing and development of new features
● PEMAC Migrations – Develop of migration scripts from old platforms to the new platform Tasks:
● Development of Rest services with the proper quality
● Creation of core UI components using EXT
● Migration of the UI repository to use NodeJS
Technologies: NodeJS, Python, Cordoba, EXT JS, AWS, Docker, terraform 2017 – 2018 Sr. Fullstack Developer
Serprosurca – Panama
Working as a fullstack developer, building front end with React and Redux and webservices in Node JS and Mongodb.
Projects:
● CIOM – Building the UI and rest services for CIOM application. Tasks:
● Development of Rest services with the proper quality in NodeJS and MongoDB
● Creation of the web application using React
Technologies: NodeJS, React, AWS, Docker, MongoDB
2017 – 2017 Sr. Fullstack Developer
Globant – Disney - ESPN - Resistencia
Working as a full stack developer for ESPN Bottom Line, using technologies such as Node JS, building applications using React, Redux and Materialize, based on microservices in Java and Node. Projects:
● BottomLine – Building the front end and services for the administration panel for ESPN Bottom line news.
Tasks:
● Development of BFF services with the proper quality in NodeJS
● Creation of the web application using React
● E2E testing with selenium
Technologies: NodeJS, Java, React, AWS, Docker, terraform 2017 – 2017 Sr. Fullstack Developer
Globant – Weld North - Edgenuity LMS - Resistencia Working as a full stack developer, for one of the most successful e-learning platforms in the market, such as Edgenuity. Technologies such as Node JS, building applications using React, Redux and Bootstrap, based on microservices in different backend technologies such as .NET, Java and Node. Doing analysis, designing the proper quality according to Edgenuity standards, we are building the best digital experience at Edgenuity.
Projects:
● UpSmart – Migrating web services and front end architecture for the old Einstein platform into a whole new product that allows Educators and Students, look up for their metrics in any field. Tasks:
● Creation of BFF services using C#
● Creation of the web application using React
● Connection to SQL Server and MongoDB databases
Technologies: NodeJS, C#, React, AWS, Docker, SQL Server, MongoDB 2015 – 2017 Sr. Fullstack Developer
Globant – Latam Airlines – Ancillaries Track – Santiago de Chile Development using technologies such as Perl, JavaScript, HTML 5 and Java, with proper analysis, design and quality, according to standards and good practices, building applications and being a participant of Latam Airlines digital transformation.
Projects:
● Preferred Seats at LAN.com Purchase Process - Development of Seat Selection, ticket purchase process for LAN.com under a MV* frontend architecture, using technologies such as Backbone, Marionette, Handlebars and Bootstrap and based on RESTful web services built in technologies such Spring.
● Preferred Seats Stand Alone Applicacion – Development and migration of Seat Selection Stand Alone application at Latam.com, under a MV* frontend architecture and DDD, using Latam’s UI technologies stack, based on RESTful web services, built with spring.
● EMD and HOST Migration – Development of RESTful Web services, under Spring for MSR to EMD migration.
● Plusgrade – Development of Booking search form of Plusgrade.
● The Client Voice – Development and Tech Lead of the Client Voice application, under AngularJS.
● Checkin – Accesibility. Tech Lead for migration of Web Checkin Seat Map platform to new Architecture in Home US.
● LATAM Airlines – Ancillary Market Platform. Development of UI and micro services for LATAM’s new ancillary market platform.
Technologies: NodeJS, Java, perl, BackboneJS, AngularJS, AWS, mySQL, php 2013 - 2015 Web UI Developer
Globant – Lan.com – Resistencia
Development using technologies such as Perl, JavaScript, HTML 5 and Java, with proper analysis, design and quality, according to standards and good practices. Projects:
● Tickets Purchase Re Engineering - Phase 2 – FlexPricer - under a MV* frontend architecture, based on RESTful web services, using technologies such as Backbone, Handlebars and Bootstrap.
● Purchase Box in Enterprise Portal - under jqueryUI widget architecture loaded in a perl environment.
● Seat Sales for Web Checkin process at LAN.com - Development of new features and bug fixing for Seats Sale Application in Web Checkin process at LAN.com, using technologies such as Perl, Moose, Smarty, JS and AS3.
2011 – 2017 Development Area Chief
Direccion Provincial de Catastro y Cartografía del Chaco – System Department - Resistencia As a System Department team member, he has developed, maintained and has done Server administration. Projects:
● Direccion de Catastro - Oficial Site - Development and maintenance of Catastro's Oficial Site using technologies such as PHP, JavaScript, CSS and HTML5.
● Direccion de Catastro – Gis Applications - Development of GIS applications, under a Jquery UI Widget Architecture based on WebServices, using technologies such as mapServer, Jquery, geoExt, OpenLayers and PHP
● Direccion de Catastro – Tickets Purchase Module – Development of the tickets purchase process using Angular JS, bootstrap and WebServices built in SPRING Framework.
● Geo Server – Analysis, Maintaining and installation of geographic server. 2009 - Freelance Developer
As a freelance developer, he has learned and developed in many technologies. Projects:
● System Records Search - Development of Record's Search Module for Ministry of Health Official Web Page, using technologies such as PHP and Javascript and Web Services developed in .NET.
● Centres Search – Developed in PHP and Javascript using Google Maps API.
● Argentina's CIES Official Site - Development and maintenance of CIES Argentina Official Web Page, using technologies such PHP, Laravel, Javascript using jQueryUI - Widget Architecture and Bootstrap.
● Subte Buenos Aires Oficial Site – Using ASP.NET.
● Consejo de Abogados Chaco – Development in PHP and MySQL. Summary of Qualifications
Proficient in Development
● Html – Javascript – CSS – C#.NET – VB.NET – PERL – PHP - JAVA,
● JQuery – EXT JS – YUI - Dojo,
● NodeJS, React, Redux, Flux, AngularJS, BackboneJS, KnockOutJS, prototypeJS,
● Less, Sass, Bootstrap,
● Spring, MVC 4, ZEND Framework, Moose.
● AWS
● GCP
Proficient in Database Motors
● MySQL,
● IBM DB2,
● ORACLE,
● PostgreSQL
Education
Technical School Juana Manso
2005 – Computation Technician
Universidad Tecnológica Nacional – FRRe
2007 – Present Attending 5th year at Systems Engineering College Courses and further trainings as follows
.NET- Control F+ Scholarships
Venue: UTN – FRRe – City: Resistencia, Chaco. July 2009. OOP – Designing with IBM Rational Rose
Venue: UTN – FRRe – City: Resistencia, Chaco. December 2009. Java – Programing Initial Level
Venue: UTN – FRRe – City: Resistencia, Chaco. June 2010. Adobe Flash and Action Script 3 for Video Games
Venue: Polo IT Chaco – City: Resistencia, Chaco. October 2011. Workshop on Leadership at Work
Venue: Casino’s Gala – City: Resistencia, Chaco. July 2012. Development with PHP and MySQL
Venue: Instel & Seguridad – City: Resistencia, Chaco. March 2012. Information System Security Expert
Venue: UTN – FRBA – City: Buenos Aires. March 2013. Software Architecture
Venue: UTN – FRBA – City: Buenos Aires. September 2014 GIS – Web Application Developer
Venue: ESRI – City: Buenos Aires, February 2015.
Enterprise Geodata Management
Venue: ESRI – City: Buenos Aires. March 2015.
Scrum Developer
Venue: Boston Consulting Group (BCG) - City: Santiago de Chile. May 2015 NodeJS Master Class
Venue: Pirple – Online. Dec 2018
Idiomas
Spanish – Native
English - Advance
Portuguese – Elementary
Japanese - Elementary
Contact this candidate