Ikechukwu Ubajaka, Cloud Engineer
Linux Administrator
advupa@r.postjobfree.com • 346-***-****
Ikechukwu LinkedIn • Katy, TX 77494
Tech-savvy and detail-oriented professional with hands-on experience in installation, configuration, overall systems administration, and utilization of various networking systems. Strong aptitude for establishing and implementing physical / virtual Unix systems and services within global Linux server farm environments. Deft at supporting windows-based environment and driving automation / optimization in Linux server to ensure business continuity. Proficient in utilizing DevOps configuration management tools and managing AWS Cloud platform. Capacity to perform automation / testing via scripting / programing, while identifying problematic areas and deploying corrective actions for resolution of complex issues. Astute at designing / implementing multiple infrastructures / migrating servers. Adept at liaising with top-performing teams for maximizing process efficiencies. Areas of Expertise
● Integrations & Deployments
● Infrastructure Implementation
● Software & Hardware Management
● Strategic IT Planning
● System Administration
● Process & Operations Automation
● Data & Network Security
● Troubleshooting & Repairing
● Cross-functional Collaboration
Technical Proficiencies
Redhat 8, AWS Platform, Jenkins, Splunk, Git / Github, Nagios, VirtualBox, ServiceNow, Ansible, Docker, and Kubernetes Career Experience
Super User Consulting, Houston, TX 2020 – Present
AWS Cloud Engineer
Utilize terraform and ansible software to automate infrastructure provisioning on AWS. Administer AWS resources in cloud and maintain CI / CD pipeline for fast paced robust application development environment. Leverage Jenkins and Docker to develop Docker file and automated docker image. Deploy Ansible Tower in configuring servers and performing automation tasks. Manage, install, and configure Linux / Windows servers in VMware, AWS, and Azure cloud platforms. Perform server provisioning and AD integration with LDAP for user / group authentication to access servers.
Implemented continuous integration for team by preparing and presenting SCM best practice.
Improved scalability and agility by installing required plugins, configuring Jenkins master, and adding additional slaves.
Optimized user experience through effective web designs.
Leveraged Kubernetes Linux, Bash, Git, Docker on AWS to develop / maintain Docker container clusters.
Utilized Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment of CI / CD system and used Kubernetes to orchestrate deployment, scaling, and management of Docker containers. ZIDALS Ltd, Cambridge, United Kingdom 2015 – 2019
IT Business Analyst
Identified project requirements and cost by analyzing client’s architecture design, implementation, testing and deployment needs. Determined results-driven factors and prepared presentations through analysis of key business aspects. Ensured smooth flow of operations by troubleshooting technical issues with networking and systems. Utilized modelling tools / analysis to identify business IT needs.
Minimized resolution time on customers' support tickets up to 35% by reducing backlog.
Steered significant efforts to perform user acceptance testing for software changes / enhancement. Education
Bachelor of Science: Computer Science University of Lagos Licenses & Certifications
AWS Certified Solution Architect Associate (2022)
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (2022)
Contact this candidate