Patrick kamdem
DevOps Engineer Platform Engineer Cloud Engineer Kubernetes Administrator Build & Release Engineer Site Reliability Engineer advu31@r.postjobfree.com +1-301-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/patrick-kamdem-44185874
OVERVIEW:
An inbuilt high-team spirit, goal-getter, and highly collaborative DevOps, Platform & Site Reliability Engineer with over 5 years of experience. I am always ready to try new tools/technology to improve performance and simplify deployments. Versatile in automating the deployment of micro-services and monolithic applications over varying infrastructures as well as managing IaaS, SaaS, PaaS, and On-Prem. Heavy on Security in Terraform, Jenkins, Ansible, and different Cloud environments deploying in a highly secured and available environment with great disaster prevention and management skills. Highly proficient in implementing Infrastructure Provisioning, maintenance, and monitoring, Source Code Management, Configuration Management using Ansible, Container Orchestration, and CI/CD. I have led and worked on multiple projects throughout the SDLC.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Having a total of 5+ years of IT experience as a DevOps Engineer role in the field of Software Configuration Management, Build & Release, and Deployment Management in production.
Utilized Cloud Watch to monitor resources such as EKS by setting alarms for notification or automated actions, and to monitor logs for a better understanding and operation of the system.
Having good knowledge of SSH connections and password-less authentications between servers.
Proficiency with Configuration Management tools & Build management tools such as Ansible, Git, Jenkins, and Terraform.
Hands-on experience in Orchestration, Packages, Services, configuration and deployment using Ansible.
Hands-on writing custom Ansible Playbooks and Manifest Files.
Configuring Jenkins jobs with related plugins for Testing and Continuous Deployment to accomplish the complete CICD.
Experience with Amazon Web services Creating, Configuring and Managing EC2, S3, and VPC services across different availability zones.
Experience in using version control tools like GIT.
Experience in building Docker images using Docker files. TECHNICAL SKILLS:
OPERATING SYSTEMS Linux (REDHAT CENTOS,
UBUNTU), Windows
VERSION CONTROL TOOLS GIT
BUILD MANAGEMENT TOOLS Maven
SCRIPTING LANGUAGES Bash-Shell, Python, HCL, YAML, JSON, XML, HTML, and Groovy.
APPLICATION SERVERS
Apache Tomcat, JBoss /Wildfly
CONTINUOUS INTEGRATION
TOOLS
Jenkins
CONFIGURATION MANAGEMENT
TOOL
Ansible
CONTAINERIZATION TOOL Docker
CLOUD SERVICES AWS (EC2, S3, EBS, ELB, IAM,
AMI)
IAC TOOL Terraform
MONITORING TOOL Prometheus and Grafana, New Relic
STATIC CODE ANALYSIS TOOL SonarQube
ARTIFACTORY STORAGE Nexus, JFrog, ECR
CONTAINER ORCHESTRATION
TOOLS
Kubernetes
TICKETING TOOL JIRA
WEBSERVERS Nginx, HAProxy, Apache
EXPERIENCE:
DevOps Engineer ZH Tech Company August 2017 – Present Roles and Responsibilities:
Software Configuration Management (Automate CI & CD pipeline using Ansible, Nexus, SonarQube, Maven, Jenkins, Terraform & GIT).
Writing inventory and manifest files, ansible playbooks, terraform manifest files and k8s manifest files
Created Ansible playbooks for installation, patching, the configuration of servers, and user management, with different levels of access, file management, deployment and full automation.
Wrote terraform manifest yaml files to provision our infrastructure with eks clusters, ec2 instances, IAM roles, VPC’s, S3 bucket, and other resources on AWS.
Automating AWS cloud deployments using Shell script, Jenkins and Ansible.
Implement and manage the continuous integration and continuous Deployment.
Perform Build activities using Maven and Jenkins tool.
Coordinate/assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labelling/naming conventions using GIT source control.
Setup for Apache and Nginx webservers couple with AWS ELB SSL for all HTTP to HTTPS thereby maximizing security
Configured Security groups and locked them down to the various authorized subnet and IP addresses in AWS.
Analyse and resolve conflicts related to merging of source code for GIT.
Resolved merging issues during rebasing and re-integrating branches by conducting meetings with Development Team Leads.
Responsible for designing and deploying best SCM processes and procedures.
Working very closely with Developers and Build & Release team. We setup Jenkins server & slave nodes for build and release team as per request.
We recently started deploying our applications into an eks cluster rather than self-managed k8s clusters using kubeadm or KOPS.
Supported and developed tools for integration, automated testing and release management.
Experience with container-based deployments using Docker, working with Docker images, Docker hub, and Docker registries, and configuring eks clusters using Terraform.
Used Helm to simplify code writing to handle complex application deployment integrated with Jenkins.
Created custom mode VPCs in AWS with multi-regional private and public subnets along with firewall rules to allow SSH, ICMP, and RDP ingress traffic.
Configured bastion hosts to securely connect to instances running in our private subnet on AWS.
Architected and implemented continuous integration and deployment pipelines using Jenkins
Performed package management, upgrades/patches, troubleshooting, maintenance, and monitoring of applications using Prometheus and Grafana.
Created, managed, and administered user accounts security and SSH password-less login
Network configuration & troubleshoot issues with respect to network and configuration files.
Set up maintenance scripts using metadata for graceful startup and shutdown of servers.
Used Jira to track vulnerabilities, requests, and incidents, and confluence for documentation.
Set quality gate policies on SonarQube for code coverages, to track bugs, vulnerabilities, and failed Jenkins pipelines when the threshold was not met.
Use Helm charts to deploy Prometheus and Grafana for monitoring.
Configured namespaces, and resource quotas for different environments. RBAC, HPA, CAS, and Cluster RBAC.
EDUCATION/CERTIFICATIONS
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science at Landmark Metropolitan University in Cameroon
03/2011-03/2016
Graduate Diploma in DevOps & Cloud Engineering at Landmark Technologies 03/2016-08/2017 CompTIA Security + Expiration 06/2024
MD 100 Current
Contact this candidate