ELIE NOEL TCHINDA MOKALE
FREDERICK, MD *****
301-***-**** - advv7c@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
To seek and maintain full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management and problem-solving skills.
SKILLS
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Identity and access management, EC2,
S3 storage services, Databases, DNS
Using Route 53, VPCs, ELB, Auto scaling,
Cloud Front, Cloud Watch, Cloud trail and
high
Level understanding of application
services such as SNS, SQS, SWF, Cloud
Formation,
Cognito, API Gateway, Lambda and
Kinesis.
Linux: Managing users, configuring
services, Apache-PHP-MYSQL setup,
server
Configuration, Virtual host setup,
network troubleshooting, using SSH to
connect in servers Remote hosts and
general troubleshooting.
Basic SQL: Database installation, creating
and updating tables, writing basic and
nested Queries and more.
Basic Python programming: Building
basic calculator, Mad Libs Game,
Building
Multiple Choice Quiz, functions, lists,
loops etc.
Defining and identifying technical
requirements for AWS-based
applications Defining and identifying
which AWS services meet a given
technical requirement Knowledge of
recommended best practices for
building secure and reliable
applications on AWS platform
Knowledge of network technologies
as relate to AWS Knowledge of
security features and tools that AWS
provides Linux and basic SQL
administration skills
HANDS-ON PROJECTS:
Using AWS Budgets to set custom
budgets for tracking costs and usage
of resources in AWS account. Setting
up alerts by email when actual or
forecasted cost and usage Exceed
budgeted threshold.
Using AWS Identity and Access
Management (IAM) to manage access
to AWS services And resources
securely, as well as setting up Multi-
Factor Authentication
WORK HISTORY
05/2020 to Current AWS Solutions Architect
Aligned Data Centers – Ashburn, VA
Subnet, used private subnet for databases to protect it from internet and used public subnet for web servers
Elastic Load Balancing was used to automatically distribute incoming application traffic across multiple targets
Hosted several web applications (e.g.
PHP-MySQL demo app) on Amazon's Elastic
Compute Cloud (EC2) service to provide secure, compute capacity in cloud Also used Amazon's EC2 Auto Scaling to help maintain application availability and to automatically add or remove EC2 instances according to conditions I defined
Used Cloud Front, fast content delivery network (CDN) service to securely deliver my demo application to “customers” globally, thereby enabling low latency and high transfer speeds for application
Used Amazon's Route 53, highly available and scalable cloud Domain Name System (DNS) web service to route end users to my demo application using custom domain name I bought
Created SSL certificate using AWS Certificate Manager, service that allows easy provisioning, managing, and deploying of public and private SSL/TLS certificates for use with AWS services and internal connected resources I used this to secure network communications to my application and to establish identity of my websites over
Internet i.e.
Enable HTTPS
Identified issues, analyzed information and provided solutions to problems 12/2016 to 04/2020 AWS Cloud Engineer
Direct Line Group – Ashburn, VA
Performed advanced engineering in configuration, management and deployment of AWS cloud environments.
Partnered with sales team to design solutions for customers and drive AWS adoption and revenue.
Conducted deep-dive hands-on training sessions to transfer knowledge to customers considering or already using AWS.
Worked as technical leader alongside customers and infrastructure team and contributed to business development.
Conducted deep-dive hands-on training sessions to transfer knowledge to customers considering or already using AWS
EDUCATION
06/2018 Master of Science: Information Technology
University of Arizona - Tucson, AZ
10/2016 Bachelor of Science: Information Technology University of Arizona - Tucson, AZ
CERTIFICATIONS
AWS Certified Solutions Architects professional SAP-C01. AWS Certified solutions Architect Associate SAA-C02 Mastering AWS Cloud Formation
Designing Resilient Architecture is for Associate AWS CASP-
Security+
Contact this candidate