Raphael Aneng
Email: advwsb@r.postjobfree.com Phone Number: 202-***-**** LinkedIn: Raphael Aneng

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

AWS Certified Cloud Architect/Engineer with over 5+ years of successful experience in Cloud Architecture and Implementation. An outstanding performer in building high quality solution that is scalable, highly available and fault tolerant tailored towards an enterprise goal. Also experience in the DevOps space with over 3+ years in design, develop, build and deployment of web applications. 3+ years in practicing DevOps, Cloud Automation & Quality Engineering.

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS

Ensure the developed solutions are scalable, maintainable, resilient, and fully testable
Deploying, managing, and operating scalable, highly available, secure, and fault tolerant systems on AWS for Media Temple and our customers
Fully version-controlled AWS infrastructure using AWS CloudFormation, allowing identical replicas to be built in minutes anywhere in the world, as well as a full audit trail of any infrastructure changes.
Designed and implemented security solutions in production environments.
Provisioned Dynamic Jenkins Docker slaves using Docker Host for CICD Pipelines
Set up CI/CD pipelines for Microservices and integrated tools such as Maven, SonarQube, Nexus, Docker, Slack for providing immediate feedback to DEV teams after code check-in.
Hands on experience in scripting languages such as JSON, YAML, Shell scripting, Python.

SKILLS

Tools: Unix/Linux, Jenkins, GIT, AWS, VMWare, Docker, Terraform, Ansible, AWS CDK
Technical Skills: Operating Systems, Build and Release, Networking Protocols, Deployment, Containers, Configuration Management, Programming, Monitoring, DevSecOps
Programming skills, Python, Bash
Development & Administration, CI/CD, GIT, Deployment Pipeline, Jenkins

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE

DEVOPS ENGINEER
Bavin Corp Consulting January 2018 - Present

Set up CI/CD pipelines for Microservices and integrated tools such as Maven, SonarQube, Nexus, Docker, Slack for providing immediate feedback to DEV teams after code check-in.
Created nightly builds with integration to code quality tools such as SonarQube, Veracode.
Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds when conditions not met.
Develop monitoring and reporting tools to identify technical issues and cybersecurity threats
Collaborate with other DevOps engineers to develop automated processes that reduce costs and improve efficiency
Implemented Dockers to Enhance Developer Productivity, Server Consolidation and Management, Application Isolation, and Rapid Deployment
Implemented multiple CI/CD pipelines as part of DevOps role for our on-premises and cloud-based software using Jenkins, Chef and AWS/Docker.

Cloud Architect February 2016 – January 2018
Paveway Technologies
Resolving complex technical problems at a pre-sale or post-sales level, working with either sales or support personnel
Work with internal teams to create the migration process of legacy systems to the AWS Cloud
Work with security division to design and manage IAM roles for users.
Work with distributed teams to design and develop framework, solutions accelerators, proof of concept and external customer facing products.
Proactively monitored resources and applications using AWS CloudWatch including creating alarms to monitor metrics for servers like EC2, S3, RDS

Cloud Engineer January 2015 – February 2016
Affidity Tech (Contract)

Lowered expenses by using reserved instances, selecting appropriate instance types, S3 storage classes, deleting orphan volumes and Data Lifecycle Management.
Secured and monitored AWS infrastructures making use CloudWatch, CloudTrail, Guard Duty and aggregated all these logs to AWS Security Hub
Implemented security best practices in AWS like multi factor authentication, access key rotation, role-based permissions, enforced strong password policy, S3 bucket policies and ACLs, etc.
Baseline and custom guardrails, policies, centralized policy enforcement, tagging regulations, and a well-architected multi-account environment were developed and exploited.
Encrypted and managed both server-side encryption and client-side encryption of data stored in AWS cloud.
Implemented Jenkins, GitHub and Git for version control, code build, testing and release and CI/CD.

EDUCATION

University Of Buea Cameroon—Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science

CERTIFICATION

Amazon Web Services Solutions Architect Associate
Contact this candidate