Name: Sreenu Email: advzhf@r.postjobfree.com
Designation: Sr. Azure Cloud Consultant Mobile: +1-510-***-****

Objective:
To obtain a challenging position in storage environment where my resourceful experience
Contributes towards development of a progressive organization, which in turn will enhance my skill.
Education Summary:
●Masters in computer science from Northwestern Polytechnic University.
Professional Experience:

●Overall 10+ years of IT experience primarily as Azure and Amazon cloud Engineer, NetApp, Pure Storage, Cohesity, Veeam, Rubrik, Commvault, VMware, Nutanix, Dell, HPE, and other strategic data center technologies Storage Administration- specializing in Data Storage management, UNIX and networking for production non-prod, Test and DR environments, Datacenter, Cloud and Network Infrastructure.
●6 years of experience Azure Cloud and Virtualization, MS Active Directory, Microsoft 365, including Teams, PowerShell.
●Experience in Administering and managing Azure Resource groups, VNet, Azure storage, Azure key vault, Azure data factory, Azure data bricks, Service principal, Azure sql server, Event hub, Azure function, Azure web apps, Firewall, IP whitelisting, Office 365/P2V/V2V Azure migrations.
●Experience with Terraform, Strong experience in Network stack CIDR, Subnet, Route table and packet analysis.
●6 years of experience Azure Cloud and Virtualization, MS Active Directory, Microsoft 365, including Teams, PowerShell.
●10 years of experience in Datacenter, Cloud and Network Infrastructure.
●Experience with managing, configuring and troubleshooting AKS (Azure Kubernetes), VM Workloads, End -to-End Security, Experience in managing Web servers and WAS servers in Azure cloud VM’s.
●Experience with Terraform, Strong experience in Network stack CIDR, Subnet, Route table and packet analysis.
●Experience with managing, configuring and troubleshooting AKS (Azure Kubernetes), VM Workloads, End -to-End Security, Experience in managing Web servers and WAS servers in Azure cloud VM’s.
●Experience with Docker and Kubernetes
●Experience in dealing with Azure IaaS – Virtual Networks, Virtual Machines, Resource Groups
●Experience working with ARM templates and PowerShell to deploy infrastructure in Azure.
●Experience developing REST API and consuming REST API using Python
●Experience in writing Storage automation scripts using Shell / Bash and Python.
●Experience in working with code editors like Visual Studio Code
●Experience in Installing, configuring and updating Centos, Red hat Linux & Solaris systems.
●Experience in IBM Storwize (v7000, v5000, v3700), IBM Flash system (840), IBM SVC, IBM DS-8K, IBM XIV
●Experience in IBM Spectrum Protect (Tivoli Storage Manager), NetBackup, Commvault.
●Experience in EMC Storage (SAN/ NAS) EMC Celerra, Centera, Clariion, VNX, VNXe, VxBlock, Unity, VMAX, HyperMAX, PowerMax, XtremIO, Isilon, DataDomain, RPA, EMC SRDF/TimeFinder, Navisphere, RecoverPoint, NDM Migration, EM Copy, EMC VMAX/Power Max, Data domain, SRDF).
●Experience in AWS S3 Object-storage, Pure storage, Nimble storage and Rubric.
●Experience in NetApp 7-Mode, C-Mode, NetApp-AWS Object-storage, CVO on AWS, NetApp OCI, FSA-Series And E-Series, Cloud-Manager, OCUM, and OnCommand management software.
●Experience in Brocade Director class Switches, McData switches, Fabric Interconnect Switches, Nexus Switches, Cisco MDS, Cisco UCS Chassis and blades.
●Experience with large-scale virtualization environments using technologies such as VMware vCenter, vSAN, vROps, vRealize Orchestrator, vLog Insight and PowerCli.
●Experience in Installing, configuring and updating Centos, Red hat Linux & Solaris systems.
●Experience in Follow the clients’ and internal procedures for change management, incident management, and escalation.
●Experience in work with peers across multiple business units. Participate in a 24/7 on-call rotation.
●Experience Provision storage per Storage-as-a-Service requirements.

Sr. Azure Cloud Storage and Backup Consultant.
Employer: Ventois Inc
Client: Dell Technologies/Atmos Energy, TX, Stanford Children’s Hospital, CA, Salesforce, Indianapolis, IN, Merck Health Care, Charlotte, NC.
Duration: September 2016 – Till Date.

Responsibilities:
●Experience in Administering and managing Azure Resource groups, VNet, Azure storage, Azure key vault, Azure data factory, Azure data bricks, Service principal, Azure sql server, Event hub, Azure function, Azure web apps, Firewall, IP whitelisting.
●Shell Scripting, Azure DevOps tool, Microsoft Azure cloud administration and migration
●Experience Microsoft Active Directory / Azure IAM Environment using the following Active Directory Utilities like Active Directory Users & Computers, Group Policy Manager, Sites & Services
●Experience working in the Azure Portal thorough understanding of Azure Cloud Concepts, Subscriptions, Resource Groups, Application Registrations, Service Principles, Applications, APIs, Azure RBAC, Azure Roles, Azure AD Roles, Custom Roles, Azure AD Multi-Factor Authentication.
●Implemented SSPR in Azure, Enable users to unlock their account or reset passwords using Azure Active Directory self-service password reset.
●Implemented and having knowledge in different Type of Tenants in Azure AD like Application management, Authentication, Azure Active Directory for developers, Business-to-Business (B2B), Business-to-Customer (B2C), Conditional Access, Device Management, Domain services, Enterprise users, Hybrid identity, Identity governance, Identity protection, Managed identities for Azure resources, Privileged identity management (PIM), Reports and monitoring
●Azure cloud engineer with experience in setting up and managing Infrastructure and Administration. Experience in Migrating on-premises applications and workloads to azure using cloud technologies and provide support.
●Extensive knowledge on Azure Compute, Storage, Networking, RBAC concepts with hands on experience in creating and deploying Virtual Machines, Virtual Networks, Storage accounts (File shares), Routing etc.
●Knowledge on Various Azure concepts like Azure AD, Conditional Access, Webapps, Azure storage, Azure Container Instances etc.
●Azure NetApp Files (ANF) volumes are contained in a special-purpose subnet called a delegated subnet.
●Subnet delegation gives explicit permissions to the Azure NetApp Files (ANF) service to create service-specific resources in the subnet.
●Expertise in Azure Virtual network for Azure NetApp Files (ANF) volumes, Subnets, delegated subnets, UDRs, NSGs, and configure the route table assigned to the VNet gateway to include the /32 IPv4 address of the Azure NetApp Files volumes.
●Good experience in creating access to an Azure NetApp Files (ANF) volume from an on-premises network via a VNet gateway (ExpressRoute or VPN) and firewall.
●Good Knowledge on maintaining the version across the Environments using SCM tools like GitHub
●Experience working on issue tracking tool JIRA.
●Migrated Virtual Machines, SQL Databases, Web Applications & Deployed Containerized web applications, with auto Scaling Deployments
●Created Cookbooks, Manifests and Playbooks to automate infrastructure maintenance & configuration.
●Build Cloud Landing Zone & Deployment for the Web Application to be Migrated to Azure Cloud and Creating & Managing Resource Group
●Align with Architecture governance models, principles for Vnet, Subnets, NSG
●Deploying Azure VM’s, development and creation of landing zones, Apps Service, Web Apps Deployment, Tuning, Configuration, Service & Private End Points, Azure Storage Bucket, Azure Key Vault Services, Log Analytics, Azure Monitor, Application Insights, RBAC roles and privileges, SQL Database provisioning, management, backup, tuning, Azure Container Services etc.
●Having experience in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) IAM Service, Connectivity to on-premises network, Compute service, Database services.
●Expert knowledge and experience in OCI Local NVMe Storage Block Volume Service, File storage, Object Storage service.
●Great experience in Data migrations, integrations and Data Transfer service, Network load balancing in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) .
●Participate in agile infrastructure software development, scrum, kanban and sprint.
●Performing storage migrations from one vCenter/Storage platform to another, XIO to Powerstore, RDMs to VMDKs, Strong UCS, VMware, VM Migration, VxBlock 1000.
●Responsible for doing cross vCenter migrations without Enhanced Linked Mode enabled.
●UCS interaction experience, adding VLANs, editing host profiles, firmware management, etc.
●Good with Nexus switches, LACP, NXOS, etc.
●Comfortable with opening up Dell/VCE support tickets on our behalf.
●Expert in related to the VxBlock that includes storage, computing, networking, etc.
●Strong competency across NetApp CVO and ONTAP NAS/SAN, Snap Mirror, VMware.
●Performing Advance Brocade FC switch design, implementation, configuration, and migration (switch replacement) from legacy to enterprise Brocade 6510 48-port 16 Gbit/s switch.
●Migrating storage, host and Backup tape library zoning configuration to new Brocade FC switch
●Engineer and implement storage solutions including Dell EMC Unity, PowerStore, Pure FlashBlade, Elastic Cloud Storage (ECS), ECS Cloud pools, configuring and functioning, Isilon, PowerScale, PowerMax, VMAX Family, SC Series Solutions, VMAX All Flash and VMAX3, VPLEX, Avamar backup and, XtremIO Solutions
●VMware Storage vMotion, RDM, PowerStore Node Management and Administration.
●Configure new volumes through the Metro nodes, Data migration, and configure replication.
●Strong experience with data center expansions for compute and storage utilizing Dell/EMC, VxRail and VxRack Hyper converged solutions.
●Working on day to day storage operations on DELL-EMC, NetApp, IBM, Pure, AWS storage, Brocade switches, Backup, VMware, Commvault, Windows and Linux servers
●I Have good experience in Hitachi Virtual Storage Platform (VSP) G1500, 5200, 5200H and 5600.
●Provisioning AWS Object-storage from S3 buckets, EBS, S3 and EFS and ECS Storage, S3 Glacier.
●Performs data backup and restore activities using the TSM (Spectrum protect and Spectrum protect plus system, including client maintenance and policy administration.
●Experience with Replication, Backup, and Recovery applications and OEM products such as Veeam, EMC, and Veritas, as well as VM migration process, VMotion, and clustering features
●Good in Disaster Recovery, VMware Virtualization administration, Veeam Backup and Replication
●Experience in Veeam backups for VMs and Office 365 user data, including tape drive rotation and disaster-recovery (D/R) policy
●Experience in Terraform AWS, Terraform Python, systems administration, and devops practices.
●Very good understanding of Isilon and NetApp hardware architecture and its different tools from various vendors EMC Isilon - SmartConnect, Smart Fail, SmartPools/Zones, SyncIQ, SmartQuota, SnapShotIQ, SmartLock,SmartIQ, AntiVirus, InsightIQ, Compliance Mode, ECS administrative activities, Alerting & Monitoring, and All configurable items.
●Good in Setup (PowerScale) Isilon cloudpools to tier to ECS and document common Isilon tasks.
●Configured ECS CloudPools in Isilon Cluster (PowerScale).
●Created File Pool policies to archive the older data to the ECS cloud pool.
●Recalling the archived data from the ECS cloud pool to the (PowerScale) Isilon Cluster before kicking off the database restores.
●Supported multiple converged and hyper converged environments including EMC Elastic Cloud Storage (ECS), vBlock 350, 540 and 740.
●Provisioning storage, setting up replication and protecting client production data in disaster recovery infrastructure as per requirement
●Testing of FIP, FcoE protocol features on 10Gb Ethernet Network
●Testing of FcoE high speed Network uplinks between IBM Virtual Fabric Switches.
●Testing of vSphere Storage APIs for Array Integration (VAAI): Full copy (clone), Block zeroing
●Working on troubleshooting issues in file/block/object storage, FC switch fabric, Backup, and Vmware
●Performing storage migrations from one vCenter/Storage platform to another, XIO to Powerstore, RDMs to VMDKs, Strong UCS, VMware, VM Migration, VxBlock 1000.
●Responsible for doing cross vCenter migrations without Enhanced Linked Mode enabled.
●UCS interaction experience, adding VLANs, editing host profiles, firmware management, etc.
●Good with Nexus switches, LACP, NXOS, etc.
●Comfortable with opening up Dell/VCE support tickets on our behalf.
●Expert in related to the VxBlock that includes storage, computing, networking, etc.
●Configuring Smart call Home for Cisco Nexus switches using HTTPS and email.
●Expert in Re-Racking and cabling VxBlock-1000 from Dell-EMC rack to Third party VCE Emerson rack.
●Migrating data from VBlock-540 to VxBlock-1000.

Professional 1: Storage Administrator, CSC India Private Limited, Hyderabad, India.
Client: SAP Corporation.
Duration: June 2015 to August 2015.
Team Size: 23

Responsibilities:

●Data Migration using various host base and Array Base tools (SnapMirror, SnapVault, Emcopy, RoboCopy, Isi_Vol_Copy).
●Worked with different operating systems such as Windows, Unix, Linux, Mac OS and ESX/ESXi.
●Experience working on virtualization using VMWAARE ESX 4.x, 5.x.
●Installing VERITAS Volume Manager and configuring Disk Groups, Volume Groups and Logical volumes to manage the storage resources.
●Knowledge of virtualization and worked with VMware ESX/ESXi, VMware vSphere, workbench etc.
●Good in EMC Celerra and VNX (Increasing existing filesystem size, creating and replicating new and existing filesystems, VDMs, creating new CIFS shares).
●Storage Configuration, Switch port allocation, Storage (LUN) allocation and security.
●Creating Meta Luns as per the requirement, Mapping and Masking of DMX and VMAX devices as per the requirement.
●Managed day to day storage activities by using NetApp System manager/Filerview and CLI.
●Monitor and run the report for the system venerability, performance and health related issues.
●Implemented file sharing on network by configuring NFS on the system to share essential resources, CIFS share to share between Linux and Windows systems.
●Created Aggregates, Volume, Qtrees, Vlans, Virtual Interfaces, Igroups, CIFS Shares and NFS Exports.
●Configured the peer relation between and enable snapmirror relation between sources and destination C-dot.
●Migrated the volume through vol move from one aggregate to another aggregate.
●Upgraded ontap version during non-business hours.

Data Storage Administrator, IBM India Private Limited, Hyderabad, India.
Client: Telstra, BG Group, Kaiser Permanente, KPMG.
Duration: March 2011 to May 2015.
Team Size: 10

Responsibilities:

●Configured and managed FAS3140, FAS3170, FAS 3270, FAS6040 and EMC VNX3100, VNX 5300 in the environment.
●Setup Migration using SRDF, Mirror View, SAN copy Open replicator, IBM SVC and V7000 using Storage Virtulization.
●Set up BCV, Clones, Snaps devices for Business Continuity using SYMCLI and
●Unisphere.
●Strong skills in managing Red Hat Linux servers, SAN Storage (EMC, NetApp, IBM), Virtualization (VMware, Red Hat enterprise virtualization preferred), and system security.
●Created Aggregates, Flex Volumes, Qtrees and Quotas in NetApp FAS series Filers using Ontap Command Line and Filer View.
●Coordinated in the firmware upgrade for Brocade Switches.
●Knowledge on Hard zoning and software zoning Using Brocade CLI.
●Creating volumes in storage arrays IBM DS8870, DS5020, SVC.
●Mapping volumes to the servers.
●Expanding volumes.
●Coordinating with IBM providing Engineers on Disk and Hardware related Issues in Storage arrays.
●Logged tickets with vendor support and share the required info.
●Experienced in EMC Isilon Migration, provisioning, creating shares, replicating storage by SyncIQ, Antivirus scanning, setting up SmartQuatas.
●Managed VNX system using Unisphere and created Storage pools, file systems and
●exported them using NFS and CIFS.
●Created Virtual Data Movers.
●Experience in administration of EMC storage - XtremIO, Symmetrix VMAX, DMX-4/3
●CLARiiON CX-4, CX-3 and VNX1 Series, VNX2 Series.
●Setup De-duplication on VNX file systems and created local user accounts.
●Configured CIFS, NFS share and exported it to Windows and UNIX environment.
●Created Luns and provisioned the storage to ESX Servers for the VMware environment.
●Configured SnapMirror, Snapvault and Snapshots on NetApp Filers.
●Managed and monitored Snapvault and open systems for Snapvault disk-to-disk backups.
●Performed data recovery on NetApp filers using NetApp SnapRestore.
●Migrated data between NetApp filers using NetApp snapmirror.
●Created hourly, nightly, weekly and monthly snapshots to maintain online backup to recover from accidental deletions, corruptions or modifications of the data.
●Created reports using Operations manager on NetApp filers in the environment.
●Created several virtual machines on the ESX server and installed different guest operating systems like Windows Server 2008, RHEL6.
●Hands on Experience with NetApp Release ONTAP 7.3.1/2/3P3, 8.1, cDOT 8.0.2/8.0.5 and 8.1.2P1/P2, 8.2.
●Configured and modified Quotas as per the user request.
●Migrated data in between NAS Volumes using Vol Copy and NDMP Copy.
●Configured NAS Aggregates (RAID4, RAID-DP), Volumes and file systems.
●Involved with Clients (System Admins/Application team) in day to day activities of provisioning Storage.
●Clone the volumes using Flexclone for DR tests.
●Configured multi-mode/Virtual interfaces (vifs) config on NetApp Systems including Link Aggregation Control Protocol (LACP). Experienced on C-mode functionalities.
●Data ONTAP 8.1 7-Mode: New Features Data ONTAP 7-Mode Hands-on experience on Cluster-Mode Administration Data ONTAP 8.1 Cluster-Mode and its New Features.
●Cluster-Mode Hardware Knowledge of the NetApp.
●Taken on job training on Netbackup.
●Cluster-Mode Hardware Knowledge of the NetApp.
●Handled Netbackup support issues.
●Knowledge in cluster nodes, and on failover & giveback functionalities.
●Performed DR testing(Database Refresh activity) Troubleshooting performance issue on NetApp.
Contact this candidate