Sonia Jan

Ellicott City, MD ***** • 443-***-**** • adw0so@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Highly Team-oriented AWS Cloud engineer with more than five (5) + years of experience working as a cloud Solutions architect for several customers and managing server infrastructures and data center operations from simple to complex project.
Certifications
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner - Certified.
Google (The Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking and Technical Support Fundamental)
Skills
Project management
Conflict resolution/High Achiever.
Team leadership/Security Awareness.
Team Motivation/ Self-motivation
Information Protection and Analysis.
Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC)
Database Querying Languages, MySQL, NOSQL/DynamoDB, Python, Windows Shell
Strong verbal communication, Gradle, Git, Docker, Ansible, Kubernetes, Bamboo, Slack, Nagios, Jenkins, Puppet.

Amazon Web Services (EC2, EBS, S3, IAM, AMI, VPC, VPC Peering, NACL, Security Groups, Route53, Auto Scaling Group, ELB, SNS, CloudWatch, Elastic Beanstalk, Cloud Formation) AWS CodeDeploy, AWS CodeCommit, AWS CodeBuild, AWS Code Pipeline, Cloud Passage, F5,
Work History
Consultant: AWS Solutions Architect, 02/2021 to Current
Earthbrain And Smart Construction – Remote
Built VPCs from scratch, creating private and public subnets, creating security groups and network access lists, configuring internet gateways, OpenVPN, creating AMI, understanding of user access management/role based access/multi factor authentication and API access, configuration of auto scaling and elastic load balancer for scaling services if a configured threshold has been exceeded, configuration of SNS to send notifications and Cloud Watch to collect logs and metrics.
Participate in deep architectural discussions to build confidence and ensure customer success when building new and migrating existing applications, software and services on the AWS platform.
Proactively monitor resources and applications using AWS Cloud Watch including creating alarms to monitor metrics such as EBS, EC2, ELB, RDS, S3, SNS and configured notifications for the alarms generated based on events defined.
Develops technical plans and roadmaps.
Analyzed, developed, and executed a plan to migrate eligible applications from on-prem to a cloud solution.
Examined applications and implement proactive monitoring and redundancy at all tiers to help meet customer's aggressive reduction in unplanned outage time.
Configure Windows/Linux servers as needed, troubleshoot issues, and recommend system enhancements.
Proposed and documented system designs that meet or exceed current business requirements.
Reviewed and guided applications design to meet performance, scalability, and reusability requirements.
Worked with Finance, HR, and Technology leadership to develop and execute system processes.
Worked with business and IT management to explain benefits of design proposals.
Collaborate with application development teams and operations teams to create synergy leading to successful application delivery.
Troubleshooted and resolved deployment/configuration/set up issues and work with appropriate teams to correct any issues.
Developed large scale application architectures to meet business requirements in complex environments.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including group leadership and executive presentations.
Educated customers of all sizes on the value proposition of AWS, and participate in deep architectural discussions to ensure solutions are designed for successful deployment in the cloud.
Captured and share best-practice knowledge amongst the AWS solutions architect.
Created business continuity/disaster recovery, fail-over and run-book documentation.
Ensured security is integrated into all cloud architecture solutions.
Deployed Amazon Inspector, Macie, Guard Duty and AWS Shield & WAF to enhanced security in the customers AWS production environment.
Extensive understanding of and ability to solution service offerings across, Infrastructure (including outsourcing best practices, transition, and ITIL).
Created new VM templates for several Operating Systems with all the recommended and required settings for optimum performance and efficiency.
Configured NACL and security groups, thus limiting malicious attacks from blacklisted range IP addresses.
Designed and managed public/private cloud infrastructures, using Amazon Web Services which include EC2, S3, Cloud Front, Elastic File System, RDS, VPC, Direct Connect Route53, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Cloud Formation, and IAM roles.
Configured and managed Elastic Load Balancer (ELB-ALB), to avoid single point of failure of application servers and web servers, thus providing high availability and network load balancing.
Provisioning infrastructure in the AWS Cloud specifically with Terraform.
Running container management systems (ECS, Kubernetes, Mesosphere) in production.
Experienced building and running jobs in an automated CI/CD pipeline (Jenkins) to automate infrastructure resource and code deployment.
Thorough understanding of Cloud Computing: virtualization technologies, IaaS, PaaS and SaaS Cloud delivery models.
Thorough understanding of infrastructure (firewalls, load balancers, hypervisor, storage, monitoring, security etc.)
Experience administering one or more RDBMS, such as MS SQL Server or Oracle.
Advised and support work that involves the planning, analysis, design, development, testing, quality assurance, configuration, installation, implementation, integration, maintenance, and management of cloud IT assets and infrastructure.
Liaised with vendors and other IT personnel for problem resolution.
Monitored and test system performance for potential bottlenecks, identify possible solutions, and work with other team members to implement those fixes.
Consultant: AWS Cloud Engineer, 12/2014 to 12/2017
Unique System – Remote
Educated customers on the value proposition of AWS and AWS services.
Built deep relationships with senior technical individuals within customers to enable them to be cloud advocates.
Partnered with the sales team to design solutions for customers that drive AWS adoption and revenue.
Captured and share best-practice knowledge amongst the AWS Solutions Architect team.
Created business continuity/disaster recovery, fail-over and run-book documentation.
Ensured security is integrated into all cloud architecture solutions. Conducted deep-dive "hands-on" education/training sessions to transfer knowledge to internal customers considering or already using the AWS cloud.
Built deep relationships with senior technical individuals within customers to enable them to be cloud advocates.
Hands-on experience writing Production-ready automation code to implement solutions with Puppet, Ansible, CloudFormation or similar - e.g.: Chef, Terraform.
Designed of customer's Cloud environments with a focus on AWS and demonstrated technical cloud architectural knowledge, playing vital role in the design of production, staging, QA and development Cloud Infrastructures running in 24x7 environments.
Experience in deploying and monitoring applications on various platforms using Elastic Bean Stalk, setting up the life cycle policies to back the data from Amazon Web Services AWS S3 to AWS Glacier. Hands-on knowledge of transitioning clients to the Cloud, i.e., migrations, hybrid co-existence.
Collaborate across multiple teams to research, architect, engineer, and configure complex cloud solutions to specified requirements in support of global, business critical systems.
Strong knowledge of AWS services including EC2, Lambda, S3, EFS, RDS, Redshift, Route 53, CodeCommit, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, Kinesis, Athena, EMR, IAM Roles, Data Pipeline, DynamoDB, NoSQL, VPC.
Extensive understanding of and ability to solution service offerings across, Infrastructure (including outsourcing best practices, transition, and ITIL).
Configured NACL and security groups, thus limiting malicious attacks from blacklisted range of IP addresses.
Understanding of shell scripts (Bash), Perl, Python and Power-Shell for automating tasks.
Setup NAT gateway as a route out to the internet for instances in private subnet.
Setup internet gateway as a route out to the internet for instances in public subnet.
Responsible for creating VPCs for Dev/Test, shared services and production accounts, thereby simulating a production environment for web/application servers and database traditional servers in public and private subnets respectively.
Responsible for creating Auto-scaling groups from launch configurations to either scale out or shrink back instances depending on traffic and demand, and this service is supplemented by SNS notifications from CPU utilization and other monitoring parameters.
Engaged with C-level executives to define and execute on Enterprise cloud strategies.
Education
Bachelor of Science: Information Systems Management, Expected in 08/2024
University of Maryland Global Campus - Online
Bachelor of Commerce: Business Economics, 06/2004
Hailey College of Commerce – Lahore Pakistan
Contact this candidate