KHALEEL AHMED MOHAMMED
Email: adw6t5@r.postjobfree.com
Ph: 207-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Around 4 years of experience in Linux System Administration, DevOps, & AWS cloud
Experience with Cloud and Virtualization environments such as AWS, VM Ware and Virtual Box.
Experience in creating DevOps strategy in a mix environment of Linux (RHEL, CENTOS) servers Windows, and Cloud Servers.
Experience in branching, tagging and maintaining the version across the environments working on Software Configuration Management (SCM) tools like BitBucket and GIT.
Experience using MAVEN as a build tool for building of deployable artifacts (war & ear) from source code.
Integration of Maven/Nexus, Jenkins, Urban Code Deploy with Patterns/Release, Git, Confluence, and JIRA.
Experience in using Jenkins AWS Code Deploy plugin to deploy to AWS.
Experienced in building Docker images using Docker file and automated the Container build and deploy process using kubernetes, Jenkins, and GIT.
Involved in setting up Kubernetes cluster for Docker Container Management.
Experience working with Azure Cloud and AWS Infrastructure resources.
AREA OF STRENGTH

Operating Systems: Windows Variants, LINUX and UNIX.
Build/Automation/Virtual Environment Tools: Ansible, Maven, Jenkins, Docker and Kubernetes.
Scripting/Programming Languages: Intermediate Shell Scripting, Yaml.
Bug Tracking/ Monitoring Tools: JIRA, Prometheus, Wavefront, Grafana, Amazon CloudWatch, kibana.
Version Control Tools: GIT, BitBucket, GitLab, GitHub
CD Tools: Jenkins
Containerization Tools: Docker, Kubernetes
Cloud Platforms: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure Cloud
Other Tools: Android Studio, MS Word, MS Excel, Anaconda Navigator, Jupyter Notebook.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Deloitte Consulting LLP
Role: DC Solution Analyst (DevOps) Aug 2021 – May 2023

Responsibilties:

Involved in creating, configuring and maintaining Infrastructure on AWS & Azure Cloud services including Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), EC2, RDS, S3, Route53, SNS, CloudWatch, IAM, Azure DevOps, Azure VM’s, Azure Repos, Azure Monitor etc.
Involved in creating various dashboards, metrics, alarms and notifications for servers using Amazon Cloud Watch, Grafana, Prometheus, and Wavefront.
Involved in creating IAM policies, Roles and user management for delegated access within AWS.
Involved in managing Azure EKS cluster to manage and deploy the containerized applications.
Involved in provisioning resources through Terraform on Azure cloud.
Experience working with version control systems like GIT and used Source code management tools Github, Gitlab, and Bitbucket.
Implemented a CI/CD pipeline involving Jenkins, Ansible, Docker and Kubernetes for complete automation from commit to deployment.
Involved in configuring taints and tolerations for GPU and CPU nodes using Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS).
Experienced in Bug/Issue tracking tool like JIRA.
Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle Methodologies Waterfall, and Agile.
Experienced in multi platforms like Linux (Ubuntu, RHEL & CentOS) including Windows supporting production, test, and development environments.
Strong work ethic with good Interpersonal and Organizational skills.
Created Splunk, Grafana and Wavefront dashboards for various applications and monitored real-time and historical metrics.
Monitored performance and history of infrastructure using CloudWatch, Wavefront & Grafana.
Involved in creating authentication credentials for different Windows 2019 DataCenter Operating System servers to avoid unauthorized access.
Environment: AWS Services, Grafana, CloudWatch, Prometheus, Nagios, GIT, GitLab, GitHub, Bitbucket, Jenkins, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, Jira

RingCentral Inc Feb 2021 – June 2021
Role: Site Reliability Engineer

Responsibilities:
Involved in provisioning EC2 instances with terraform to setup the configuration with RDS database clusters, AWS Elasticache redis instances, and other application components of environment.
Working on version control tool to manage the source code and configuration changes in GitLab.
Maintaining the stability and integrity of various Lab, Stage, and Production environments.
Communicating and collaborating with other teams (Operations, QA, Development).
Experience in working with Identity and Authentication Management (KeyCloak, ADFS, Okta).
Participating in software releases and associated deployments.
Experience working with Active Directory File Systems (OKTA) which is a claims-based access control authorization model to maintain application security and implement federated identity.
Experience setting up and working with SAML2AWS to enable and authenticate users and security information to service providers (Application or Service).
Working on Software development lifecycle tools which characterize with part of continuous improvement in lab, stage and production environment.
Experience in maintaining AWS hosted Production environments (EC2,EKS,RDS,VPC,EBS,Redshift,DynamoDB,S3, Route53).
Experience in automating solutions using technologies like Jenkins, ArgoCD, and Ansible.
Experience in upgrading and managing EKS kubernetes cluster and pods.
Experience with containerization tool like docker which involves managing images versions inorder to make it compatible with containers associated with applications running in environment.
Understanding of the Linux operating system to troubleshoot issues (Ubuntu, RHEL & CentOS).
Experience in working and managing tasks with ticketing tool like JIRA.
Experience in working with relational database like MySQL and NoSQL. Ability to write basic queries for reviewing, updating and retrieving the data.
Experience in administering the configuration setup of relational database with RDS in AWS cloud.
Experience with Monitoring tools like Grafana, Prometheus and Splunk.

Environment: Gitlab, Jenkins, Kubernetes, ArgoCD, Docker, Terraform, Jira, AWS Services, Linux OS, MySQL, Bash.

LearnBeyond Consulting LLC May 2020 – Jan 2021
Role: DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:

Experience in AWS, which included managing application in the cloud and creating instances.
Experience in working with Ansible to manage multiple nodes and manage inventory for different environments and automated the cloud deployments using Ansible.
Experience in working on source controller tools like GitHub (GIT).
Worked on using a GIT branching strategy that included developing branches like feature branches, staging branches, and master. Pull requests and code reviews were performed.
Coordinated with developers to establish and apply appropriate branching, labeling/naming conventions using GIT source control and analyzed and resolved conflicts related to merging of source code for GIT.
Created Branches, Labels and performed Merges in Stash and GIT.
Experience in AWS, which included managing application in the cloud and creating instances.
Installed Jenkins and its associated Plugins for GIT Repository, Involved in setting up SCM Polling for Immediate Build with Maven and Maven Repository (Nexus Artifactory) and Deployed Apps using custom ruby modules through Ansible as a CI/CD Process.
Used Jenkins for Continuous Integration and deployment into Tomcat Application Server.
Involved in creating Kubernetes cluster with Terraform and deploy it in AWS environment and also involved in creating monitoring to keep the status of the health of pods using Helm Charts.
Installed and configured Jenkins for Automating Deployments and providing an automation solution.
Experience in using tools like Docker, Kubernetes, for Orchestrating and deploying the services related to the Containers and with container-based deployments using Docker, working with Docker images, Docker hub.
Experience building microservices and deploying them into Kubernetes cluster.
Used Jenkins and pipelines to drive all micro-services builds out to the Docker-registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes.
Expertise in setting up Kubernetes (k8s) clusters for running microservices and pushed microservices into production with Kubernetes backed Infrastructure. Development of automation of Kubernetes clusters via playbooks in Ansible.
Deploy and monitor scalable infrastructure on Amazon web services (AWS) & configuration management using Ansible.
Worked on installation, configuration and maintenance Redhat, CentOS at multiple Data Centers.
Create, maintain and customize complex JIRA project configurations including workflows, custom fields, permissions, and notifications.
Resolved various Infrastructure and Application issues raised in JIRA tickets by DEV/QA teams.
Used playbooks as Ansible configuration management scripts to manage configuration and deployments to remote Hosts.
Deployed .NET and JAVA applications to application servers in an Continuous Integration environment.
Management of RedHat Linux user accounts, groups, directories and file permissions.
Configuration and Administration of Tomcat/Apache Web Server and SSL.
Created and maintained network users, user environment, directories, and security.
Coordinated the resources by working closely with Project Managers for the release and carried deployments and builds on various environments using continuous integration tool.
Debugging the failure issues by capturing the array and register dumps using Python scripts, traces and performing several experiments by interacting with the design team.

Environment: AWS, Ansible, Git, Maven, Jenkins, Nexus, Jira, Linux RHEL, CentOS, Nagios, Splunk, CloudWatch, Tomcat/Apache Web servers.

Client: EKIP IT Solutions
Client: Anthem Inc June 2017 – June 2018
Role: DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Developed and supported the Red Hat Enterprise Linux based infrastructure in the cloud environment.
Managed Terraform scripts from scratch for building Dev, Staging, and Prod environments.
Experience in cloud provisioning tools such as Terraform.
Create develop and test environments of different applications by provisioning Kubernetes clusters on AWS using Docker, Ansible, and Terraform
Manage different Azure environment for provisioning of Linux servers and services executed by the providers.
Good at Manage hosting plans for Azure Infrastructure, implementing & deploying workloads on Azure virtual machines (VMs).
Experience with configuration management tool like Ansible that makes applications and systems easier to deploy.
Virtualized the servers using the Docker for the test environments and dev-environment needs and verified those environments in Docker Containers for Sanity tests before upgrading to production environment.
Configuring the Docker containers and creating Docker files for different environments.
Worked with container-based deployments using Docker, working with Docker images, Docker Hub and Docker-registries and Kubernetes.
Implemented several Tomcat Instances by using the Docker engine for running several Containerized AppServers.
Used Jenkins and pipelines to drive all micro-services builds out to the Docker-registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes.
Developed a cluster with Ubuntu 18.04 LTS AMI using Kubernetes orchestration technique in AWS Cloud.
Worked on installing, setup of VMware 6.5 and migrated the existing servers to VMware infrastructure.
Performed CI/CD process following Software development life cycle (SDLC), Agile Methodology.
Worked on using a GIT branching strategy that included developing branches, feature branches, staging branches, and master. Pull requests and code reviews were performed.
Managed SVN repositories for branching, merging and tagging.
Troubleshoot to resolve problems in an existing JIRA installation and implement all approved changes.
Create, maintain and customize complex JIRA project configurations including workflows, custom fields, permissions, and notifications.
Generated tickets, reports on different bug issues and tickets using JIRA tool.
Installing, configuring of Red Hat (RHEL 7.x) using kickstart and various Linux services and firewall.
Expertise with monitoring tools for debugging performance issues includes Nagios, & Splunk.

Environment: Azure Cloud, Maven, Nagios, Subversion, Chef, Ansible, Docker, VMware, Shell, GIT, Jenkins, TFS, SVN, Tomcat, Jira, Python, RHEL 5/6 and 7.

Education:
Texas A&M University Kingsville
Masters in Computer Science May 2020

Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
Bachelor of Technology April 2018

Certifications Completed:

AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
AWS Certified Solution Architect Associate
Microsoft Certified Azure Fundamentals
Microsoft Certified Azure Data Engineer
Microsoft Certified Azure Administrator Associate
Microsoft Certified Azure DevOps Engineer
Contact this candidate