Alexander Okondu
Address: Los Angeles, CA, *****, United States.
Phone: 424-***-****
AWS Cloud Engineer
Over 5 years of extensive experience defining IT Roadmap, cloud strategies and Enterprise/solution architecture with agile best practices. Also, have real time exposure on implementing Cloud Solutions with AWS Connect, VPC, S3, Lambda, Cloud Formation, EC2, CodePipeline, RDS, ETL etc. Worked with various DevOps tools such as terraform, docker, K8s, Jenkins, GitLab, GitHub etc. Expertise in Docker containerized environment, hosting web servers on containers & building docker images.

2021-01 AWS Cloud Architect
Current VKEDGE Solutions
●Responsible for developing highly scalable and fault-tolerant systems that are highly available.
●Successfully migrated production data from an on-premise SQL Server to AWS RDS with the aid of AWS Data Migration Service.
●Utilized Infrastructure as Code practices by automating infrastructure provisioning with Terraform and AWS CloudFormation.
●Monitored resource performance and cost through AWS Cloud Watch and configured notification alarms for events.
●Conducted migration of on-premise SQL Server data to AWS RDS via the Data Migration Service.
●Managed and created user accounts, permissions, directories, and files in a Linux environment.
●Reduced test server costs by over 70% by deploying Instance Scheduler.
●Set up and configured RDS instances and DynamoDB tables to support applications.
●Performed full AMI backups for all production instances with critical workloads.
●Utilized AWS KMS and Azure KMS for cryptographic key management to control user access.
●Integrated various tools with Ansible, such as Jenkins, Git, Microsoft Team, Maven, and Dockers.
●Implement and manage code via GitHub and CodeCommit as code base, and automating it with CICD using Jenkins.
●Built containerized web Apps with Docker, Amazon ECR, Amazon ECS
●Setup and build and also troubleshoot Azure and AWS infrastructure with various resources such as VPC, EC2, S3, IAM, EBS, Security Group, Auto Scaling and RDS, as well as Azure VN, VM, BLOB storage, Azure Firewall, Azure Auto Scaling, as well as Azure RDS amongst others following best practices.
●Implemented security best practices such as multi-factor authentication, access key rotation, KMS encryption, security groups and NACLs, ACLs, DDOS firewalls, etc.

2018-02 AWS Administrator
2020-12 Center for Applied Behavior Analysis
●Conducted a thorough analysis of the scope and resources required and evaluated the demands for IT infrastructure across various projects.
●Deployed a low latency static website using S3, CloudFront, and Route 53.
●Designed a multi-tier architecture for web servers, DB servers, and load balancers to set up infrastructure in AWS.
●Successfully migrated production data from on-premise SQL Server to AWS RDS using AWS Data Migration Service.
●Integrated log analysis tools such as VPC flow logs with AWS infrastructure and established metrics dashboards for monitoring.
●Utilized Infrastructure as Code principles by automating infrastructure provisioning with Terraform and AWS CloudFormation.
●Configured and deployed AWS services for applications.
●Configure network within VPC with public and private subnets, security group and internet gateway.
●Created S3 bucket policy to enable cross account bucket access using policy generator tool
●Plan, build and configure network infrastructure within VPC with public and private subnets, configure routing tables, security group and internet gateway.
●Created a YAML template to spin up infrastructure (VPC, EC2, RDS, Security Groups) using AWS CloudFormation, resulting in 25% automation of infrastructure provisioning.
●Managed and created user accounts, permissions, and roles using AWS IAM.

Education
●National University San Diego, California. 2021
Information System and Technology
●Ambrose Alli University. 2008
B.sc Business Administration.
Certification
●AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner.

•Terraform • Ansible • Docker •ECS • Kubernetes• ECR •CodePipeline • Code Build • CodeCommit • Git/GitHub • CodeDeploy • Docker hub • Maven • Jenkins •SonarQube • Jira • CI/CD Travis-CI• Team City •Nexus• Prometheus • Grafana • Amazon Route 53 • AWS EC2 • AWS IAM • AWS CloudWatch • AWS ELB • EBS • SSM • SSM Patch Manager • CloudTrail •AWS RDS • SNS • CloudFront •Auto Scaling • Lambda • S3 • Database • Networking, • DynamoDB • Event bridge • AWS Config • Migration • VPC • VGW • TGW • IGW • AWS Workspaces •AWS organization • AWS Control Tower • AWS KMS • AWS DLM •AWS Certificate manager • Secrete Manager • Parameter Store • WAF
Contact this candidate