RADHIKA KNV

adw7lr@r.postjobfree.com 551-***-****

OBJECTIVE:
To leverage my expertise in automation, continuous integration and cloud infrastructure to help the organization achieve its goals.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Around 2.5 years of IT industry experience as a Linux Administrator, DevOps Engineer, Build and Release Engineer and Cloud Engineer with Amazon Web Services (AWS), with basic exposure to Microsoft Azure and google cloud, seeking to leverage proven continuous integration and Deployment skills to raise quality.
Expertise in Amazon AWS Cloud Administration which includes services like: EC2, S3, EBS, VPC, ELB, Custom AMI’s, SNS, RDS, IAM, Security Groups, Route 53, Auto scaling groups, Cloud Front, Cloud Watch, Cloud Formation.
Experienced and integrated in GitHub as tools for CI/CD pipeline and Deployment.
Hands on Experience working with the Amazon Web Services and Deployed the servers through Ansible and CloudFormation.
Provision, configure and manage AWS infrastructure resources using code and templates. Monitor and enforce infrastructure compliance, Templated Infrastructure Provisioning using AWS CloudFormation.
Building and Deploying Microservices architecture using Containers or Serverless computing using Kubernetes and Serverless Computing using (AWS Lambda).
Working knowledge in Ansible to manage all existing servers and automate the build and configuration of newly provisioned servers.
Used Ansible to automate the Elasticsearch Tasks such as new installations/configurations and Basic Server Level Checks
Automated the provisioning of Tomcat application, Apache web instances through Ansible.
Experience working on several Docker components like Docker Engine and Docker Registry.
Configured Docker containers for Branching purpose and deployed using AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
Experience with Docker and Kubernetes.
Helped customers implement Monitoring Systems in the Kubernetes Cluster.
Experienced working on CI/CD allowing to deploy to multiple client Kubernetes or AWS environments.
Managed servers on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform using Ansible configuration management tools and Created instances in AWS as well as migrated data to AWS from on-premises to cloud infrastructure.
Experience in building writing and building multiple Playbooks in Ansible, and implemented environment roles in Ansible for better environment management.
Experience in developing Ansible Playbooks to configure, deploy and maintain software components of the existing infrastructure.

TECHNICAL STACK:
Build Tools
Ant, Maven
Cloud Infrastructure
Extensive experience on AWS
CI Tools
Jenkins and Gitlab Pipelines
Configuration management
Ansible
Scripting Languages
Shell, Python, Bash, JavaScript
Container platforms
Docker and kubernetes
Code Quality
SonarQube
Monitoring Tool
Nagios
Configuration Management
Ansible
Operating Systems
Ubuntu, Linux, Windows
Product Management
Jira
Web/Application Servers
Apache, Tomcat

Wineyard Technologies, Hyderabad, India March 2015-April 2016
Role: AWS/Devops Engineer
Responsibilities:

•As an AWS Devops Engineer, I was responsible for automation and orchestration of cloud services offerings on AWS.
•Managing Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure with automation and configuration management using Ansible. Designing cloud-hosted solutions, specific AWS product suite experience.
•Deploy and monitor scalable infrastructure on Amazon web services (AWS) & configuration management using Ansible.
•Creating S3 buckets, uploading files through dashboard and cli and managing policies for S3 buckets and Utilized S3 bucket and Glacier for storage and backup on AWS.
•Installed the application on AWS EC2 Instances.
•Excelled on creating AMI (AWS Machine Images) that utilizes ELB (Elastic Load Balancer) and Auto Scaling.
•Creating several EC2 machines based on requirement, EBS storage and creating partition and mounting also.
•Creating and configuring RDS Instances based on DBA requirement.
•Working on IAM service based on requirement creating Users & Group and adding roles and polices for the users.
•Created monitors, alarms and notifications for EC2 hosts using Cloud Watch.
•Worked on performance monitoring tools like AWS cloud watch and Nagios.
•Carried Deployments and builds on various environments using continuous integration tool Jenkins. Designed the project workflows/pipelines using Jenkins as CI tool.
•Started working GIT repository implementation. Defined branching strategies in GIT and implementation of best practices.
•Written Shell scripts to automate the deployment process.
•Managed daily builds and releases to QA.
•Expertise in using build tools like MAVEN for the building of deployable artifacts such as war & ear from source code. Application Deployments & Environment configuration using Ansible.

Environment: AWS – EC2, VPC, S3, RDS, Cloud Watch, Jenkins, Maven, Nagios, Git.

Wineyard Technologies, Hyderabad, India May 2016-August 2017
Role: AWS/Devops Engineer

Responsible for installation & configuration of Jenkins to support various Java builds and Jenkins plugins to automate continuous builds and publishing Docker Images.
Performed the automation deployments using AWS by creating the AWS IAMs and used the code pipeline plugin to integrate Jenkins with AWS and created the EC2 instances to provide the virtual servers.
Installed and configured Jenkins and created parameterized jobs to kick off builds for different environments. Managed the team's source repository through GIT and continuous integration system using Jenkins.
Implemented a Continuous Delivery pipeline with Docker, Jenkins, and GitHub. Responsible for supporting various Java builds and Jenkins plugins to automate continuous builds and publishing Docker Images.
Developed automation scripting in Python (core) using Ansible to deploy and manage Java applications across Linux servers.
Used Git for source code version control and integrated with Jenkins for CI/CD pipeline, code quality tracking and user management with build tools Maven and written Maven pom.xml build script.
Used MAVEN as a build tool for Java projects and written Maven POM files from scratch for multi-module projects for the development of build artifacts on the source code.
Designed and implemented GIT metadata including elements, labels, attributes trigger and hyperlinks and performed necessary day to day GIT support for different projects.
As working on a Linux/Unix system maintained the various servers and Production Support of various applications in Red Hat Enterprise Linux, and Windows environment.

Environment: Ansible, GIT, ANT, Jenkins, Maven, Docker Jira, Perl, Shell, Windows.

EDUCATION:

Master’s in Electronics and Communication Engineering (2013-2015)
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad
Contact this candidate