Gopi SambasivaRao
E-Mail: adw9vi@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: 470-***-****

Professional Summary
Highly motivated and meticulous Scrum Master/Project Manager with 15+ years of experience and good knowledge in the Telecom,Networking,GE Power Energy,Aviation, Healthcare and Retail domains.
Experience in Analysis, Design and Development of JAVA and J2EE Applications.
Competent in creating Unified Modeling Language (UML) diagrams such as Use Case Diagrams, Activity Diagrams, Collaboration Diagrams, Data Flow Diagrams, and Sequence Diagrams in MS Visio
Experienced in Data Governance, creating Entity-Relationship diagrams, Conceptual and Logical data models
Good understanding of Kanban and domain-driven design
Experience in Microservices and eliciting and documenting business and functional requirements using various techniques such as Brainstorming, Requirements Workshop, Joint Application Development (JAD) Interface Analysis, and Prototyping
Skilled in analyzing business needs and drafting Business Requirement Documents, Functional Requirement documents, and Non-Functional Requirement Documents (NFRD)
Adept in XML, XSD, JSON, loosely coupled Web Services (REST, SOAP, WSDL), and system architecture like SOA
Familiar with Kanban,SAFe,Lean and Scrum Agile development methodologies.
Extensively Microservices and used Power BI to generate reports for managers
Well-versed with conducting walkthrough sessions with stakeholders, SMEs, Product team members, and developers to assess requirements and draft corresponding business/ functional documents
Adept at handling requirement churns by evaluating change requests and performing a technical and business impact analysis, prioritizing changes, and adding them to Product Backlog
Facilitating Scrum Ceremonies including daily Stand-ups, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review, Sprint Retrospective, and Backlog Refinement meetings
Experienced in Sprint Planning, Issue Tracking, Impediment Management, and using tools such as Azure DevOps, JIRA, and Confluence to track the sprint progress
Hands on experience in Kanban and writing and executing SQL queries using Data Definition Language (DDL), Data Manipulation Language (DML), DQL & DCL statements to perform CRUD operations on database and experience in executing SQL queries like Joins, unions, group by, Subqueries and Aggregate functions to extract data from different databases (Oracle, SQL Server) for timely reporting and Validation. Good understanding of Procedures, Functions, and Triggers.
Good command over Microsoft Excel (Pivot Tables, VLOOKUP’s/Lookups, functions, etc.)
Proven ability to engage with customers and stakeholders at all levels to understand the data, and operational process and deliver solutions in a timely manner
Strong Communication and Presentation Skills substantiated in past assignments with developers, project managers, subject-matter experts, stakeholders, system implementers, and application end-users
Good understanding of CRM system, relational databases, and business intelligence tools
Exposure and ability to clearly communicate with managers and stake holders at all levels
Exposure to formal SDLC methodologies along with Agile and Scrum ways of working
Proven history of successful work with cross-functional teams.
Expertise in Web and Intranet based development using J2EE with MVC architecture.
Strong in Object Oriented Programming concepts.
Experience in Web services.
Experience in GE Predix Cloud Computing
Experience in Struts Framework.
Experience on Application Server and Web Server.
Windows based application development, relational Database development using Oracle.
Flexibility and Adaptability in regards with new technologies and environments.
Have Good Experience on SAFe5/Lean/Kanban/Scrum Agile Methodologies.
Business Skills: Forecasting and Budgeting, Release Planning, Change Management, Risk Management, User Testing, Conflict Resolution
SDLC Methodologies: Agile-Scrum, Agile hybrid, Waterfall, and Kanban
Business Modeling Tools: MS Visio, Balsamiq Mockups, draw.io
Project Management Tools: JIRA, MS Project, MS SharePoint, Confluence, Load Runner, Jenkins, Soap UI, Cognos IBM, Control M
BI and Reporting Tools: PowerBI, MS Office Suite (Excel, Word, PowerPoint)
Technical Skill Set
Technologies
Java/J2EE, JSP, REST Services, Fuse ESB, Active MQ, Apache camel, Apache Kafka, Spring Boot.
Build Tools
Maven, Jenkins
Languages
Java 8, XML, SQL, HQL, Ansible
User Interface
HTML, Java Script, jQuery, React.Js.
Framework
Spring (Core, MVC), Hibernate, Jboss FUSE.
IDE
Eclipse, Soup UI, Sql Developer, Heidi SQL, Visual Studio Code
Operating Systems
Windows, Linux
Application Server
Jboss wildfly Server 10.0.
RDBMS
Oracle 10g, MS SQL Server, SQL Server.
Web Server
Apache Tomcat
Other
JUnit, log4J, SVN, VSS, HP Quality Center, JIRA

CERTIFICATION DETAILS:

IBM Certified SOA Fundamentals.
IBM Certified SOA Solution Designer.
IBM Web sphere Integration Developer (WID)
Course Training Details
Institution
Year
Duration
PMP Certification Exam Prep Course
Udemy
2022
35 PDU /Contact Hours)
GCP for Beginners: Google Cloud Engineer
Udemy
2022
10 PDU / Contact Hours
GCP Professional Cloud Engineer and Architect
Udemy
2022
21 PDU/Contac Hours

PROJECTS DONE:

Ascendion Solutions IND PVT LTd,

Title : Biztak Migration
Client : DSG(Dicks Sporting Goods), USA
Duration : Dec’ 20 to April 2023

Environment : Java-1.8, Scala, Spring boot, Micro services, Spring Cloud, Druid DB, Maven, React JS, Docker, Kubernetes, Argo, Git Lab, AWS S3.
Description:
BizTalk takes care of protocol mediation, business process automation, message transformation & translation among the integrated systems, as well as the standardization of the published service interfaces for the client applications. BizTalk Server comprised the integration layer for real-time, stateless, synchronous integrations with disparate on-premises and cloud-hosted downstream systems.
The downstream systems comprised of the organization’s bespoke/customized systems, and Commercial Off-The-Shelf (COTS) systems. These downstream systems spanned across cloud and on-premises platforms.

Role : Scrum Master/Engineering Manager
Responsibilities:
Serving as Scrum Master for the project and ensuring the team maintains focus on quality and continuous delivery.
Facilitate team meetings and teamwork to continual improvement of team’s agile practices.
Strong ability to balance data with other factors when making decisions, ability to integrate agile principles and work products.
Organize and present the functional specifications such as use case documents, application workflows to Business and IT stakeholders and solicit feedback
Ability to work effectively in a cross-functional team environment, and able to balance workload and prioritizes effectively. Able to manage self and time to meet commitments.
In-depth knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle process which includes Waterfall, Rational Unified Process methodology (RUP), and Agile-Scrum.
Active participation in discovery sessions, interviews, prototyping, document reviews, plan setup, and plan configuration with clients.
Involved in Client interaction and support to the marketing team. User meetings resolve implementation and performance issues.
Motivate team players with excellent business, analytical, communication, presentation, and management, technical, and written skills.
Excellent communication and partnership skills are essential for interacting and communicating with key stakeholders at all levels across the organization, to manage, inform and influence outcomes.
Work with the Product Owner to ensure the roadmap is updated and top 5 epics are identified prior to Program Increment (PI) Planning.
Dynamically adapt and enforce Scrum practices to manage change to new norms throughout the team. Identified and resolved impediments to success by working collaboratively with a team and driving intelligent solutions.
Coaching Teams, Scrum Masters, Business Analysts, Managers, and Executives on the Agile Methodology while serving as a guide on the implementation of Scrum and other Agile Frameworks
Coordinate with the offshore team to get all the requirements on Azure storage access, Kafka services, Axeway, and snowflakes as there is no blockers
Coordinates with the developers and QA team to get all the user stories assigned in the end of the sprint as part of acceptance testing (Design, Development, Testing) Test results to be reviewed by the Business owners.
Collaborate with technical teams with Azure framework and define system integration requirements by applying architecture principles and best practices
I was also involved in the FDD business Requirements into SV Feature and supported also with the Data integration testing from End to End.
Proactively work with stakeholders to identify future system opportunities and enhancements

Ascendum Ind PVT LTD

Title : Geofence
Client : VOLVO.
Duration : May 17 to Jan 20.

Environment : Java-1.8, Spring boot, Micro services, Spring Cloud, Spring Security, Apache Kafka, hibernate, Spring MVC, Spring data JPA, MySQL, Maven, Mockito, Power Mock.
Description:

UD Telematics Services is a high-tech wireless communications system supported by UD and Eicher dealers and specialists. It is designed to improve user competitive position through business improvement and efficiency.
To ensure user to focus on their business with a peace of mind and to maximize the profitability of business, UD Telematics Services offers support on the safe operation of trucks, fuel efficiency improvement, and maximizing uptime while reducing operational costs.

Role : Scrum Master/ ProjectManager

Responsibilities:

Involved in Requirements gathering, application designing and estimating project timelines.
As a full stack developer Involved in front end and back end development
Involved in back end Micro services and Rest services development.
Involved in implementing DAO layers using JPA, Hibernate and Spring Boot.
Work with the Product Owner to ensure the roadmap is updated and top 5 epics are identified prior to Program Increment (PI) Planning.
Dynamically adapt and enforce Scrum practices to manage change to new norms throughout the team. Identified and resolved impediments to success by working collaboratively with a team and driving intelligent solutions.
Coaching Teams, Scrum Masters, Business Analysts, Managers, and Executives on the Agile Methodology while serving as a guide on the implementation of Scrum and other Agile Frameworks
Coordinate with the offshore team to get all the requirements on Azure storage access, Kafka services, Axeway, and snowflakes as there is no blockers
Involved in writing code using Java 8 feature like Functional Interfaces, Lambda expressions and streams.
Involving in coding, testing and deployments.

CapGeMINI

Title : GE SWCOE Predix Platform
Client : GE Digital.
Duration : March 14 to Nov 2016.
Environment : Core Java, DevBox 3.3.8, Spring 3.0,Hibernate,Linux, Spring 3.0, RabbiMqService, Maven, TimeseriesService, UAA, Oauth authentication, Predix Core, Predix Install, JIRA, SQL Developer, Redhat Linux6.0, UML 3.0, SonarQube, Eclipse Luna,AWS, Micorservices, Kubernetes,Jenkins,Maven3.6
Description

GE wanted to create the world’s first and only cloud solutions designed especially for industrial data analytics with Predix Cloud, GE needed a Platform-as-service (PAAS) to capture and analyze the unique volume, velocity, and variety of machine data within a highly secure, industrial-strength cloud environment. It supports Continuous Delivery of Micro services and Agile plus extreme programming and Secure and Reliable Cloud Operations.
Cloud Foundry helps GE’s Predix Cloud deliver advanced tools like asset connectivity, machine data support and industrial-grade security and compliance. Applications deployed to Cloud Foundry access external resources via Services. In a PaaS environment, all external dependencies such as databases, messaging systems, files systems and so on are Services. Another advantage of Pivotal CF is that many pre-defined services can be deployed into it directly using the administrative console.

Role : ScrumMaster/Manager
Responsibilities:

Involved in requirement analysis, estimation, and design.
Responsible for creating Rest endpoints and implementation of services.
Support for endpoint request and response Integration with UI components.
Responsible for preparing technical design document.
Responsible for defect fixes.
Attending daily scrum.

CapGemini,

Title : Wind Auto tune
Client : GE Power & Energy.
Duration : March 12 to Feb 2014.

Environment : Java, ReactJS, Rest services, BIG Data Platform– Cloudera 5.x.x, Apache HADOOP, HDFS, Hive, Impala, HBase, Zookeeper, Flume, Kafka Server, Oozie, opentsdb, MariaDB.
Maven, Jboss Fuse ESB, Switch yard, Linux, Apache Camel (used routes like REST, KAFKA, SNMP, SMTP, SMPP, Twitter etc.,)

Description
This is an Enterprise application. We deployed our application in Predix Application Server (Vendor). In Wind Auto Tune has many modules like Logging module, Clean Data Module, Analyze Data Module, Validate, Perftune Tracker and Request Data. This is scratch project of GE energy and power having millions of windmill which is locating entire world. Mill continuously rotating and generating power. When mill rotating its’s generating huge data that data we stored it DB. We are design database in an efficient manner to keep all the data. The main objective of this application is to take data and plot into High Charts on UI with X and Y axis. If any wind will not giving accurate data, User have access to correct data plot in graph.

Role : ScrumMaster/Technical Lead
Responsibilities

Worked as full stack developer in R & D team with Hadoop ecosystem.
Coordinating with onsite team & client for requirements gathering.
Involved in UI Portal development using ReactJS Components, functions, Routing and integrating with Rest services.
Involved in development of different analytical components and integration.
Involved in installation of Big Data technologies with rpm files in Linux.
Testing application in cluster environment.
Application Deployments in QA environment.

Accenture,

Title : CR Ops
Client : CISCO.
Duration : October 2009 to November 2011
Environment : Java, Spring Core, Hibernate, Jboss Fuse server, Fuse ESB, Active MQ, Oracle, Maven, Unix.

Description
CR stands for Customer Registry and is a database that serves as the corporate model of integrating data across multiple sources departments). It structures Cisco customers and partners into branches and headquarters that make up a company hierarchy. CR operates from a legal standpoint so what is seen in CR are legal hierarchies of companies worldwide. Our goal is to become the Party Single Source of Truth (PSSOT) which would enable further visibility and accuracy down to a more granular level than we have today We provide reporting capabilities for source systems to compare information for the exact customer location. The idea behind CR is to make reporting across multiple sources simpler by consolidating the entire different source Id into one single party Id in CR.
Today CR receives the customer information from 20 different sources at Cisco. These sources are: ASTRO, CMC, Channels (PDB), Contacts, CPOC, CPR, CSAT, CTMP, DART, EBMS, EQUIP, ERP, LBV, LCDB (CMS), Metrix, ORION, PDR, QUEST, SIEBEL, SMCC and WIPS.

Role: ScrumMaster/TeamLead
Responsibilities:
In Responsible for reviewing tech design document and code reviews
Discussing the technical & functional behavior of the CR within team and overlooking the project through its entire life-cycle.
Coordinating with onsite team & client for requirements gathering.
Writing LLD or Impact Analysis, Unit Test Design.
Development activity coding & Testing (DEV & QA environments).

MahindraSataym
Title : Common Test Platform (CTP)
Client : AT&T, USA.
Duration : Feb 2008 to September 2009
Environment : Java, J2ee, flatworm, JSP, Java Script, jQuery, Spring Core & MVC, Hibernate, Jboss EAP 6.1, MS SQL server, Maven.
Description
CTP provides a single, integrated testing platform supporting provisioning and maintenance workflows for all business units across AT&T. This includes various vendor Network Elements, facilities (DS0/DS1/DS3 & IBR). Both Automated and manual testing are supported.
CTP has a user-programmable, flexible rule-based mechanism to support automation and communicates with inventory databases of record to obtain needed inputs to testing. It provides open interfaces to facilitate maintenance and provisioning flow-through, in addition to a vendor provided Graphical User Interface (GUI) to support exception handling.

Role: Senior Software Engineer
Responsibilities:
Responsible for reviewing tech design document and code reviews.
Discussing the technical & functional behavior of the CR within team and overlooking the project through its entire life-cycle.
Coordinating with onsite team & client for requirements gathering.
Writing LLD or Impact Analysis.
Development activity coding & Testing (DEV & QA environments).
Application Deployments in DEV and SIT (LINUX Environments).

IBM
Title : Business Maintenance Platform2 (BMP2)
Client : AT&T, USA.
Duration : July 2006 Feb 2008
Environment : Java, J2ee, JSP, Java Script, Spring Core & MVC, Hibernate, Web logic, Oracle, Maven, Unix
Description
BMP2 is a web based front end to an existing trouble ticketing system called BMP1.It is one of the CCP2 initiatives that aimed at giving a common desktop work center environment to all the users and the and it replaced the BMP Motif GUI with Web GUI for almost 3000 work center users. It ports the following functionality to a web platform: Ticket, Work List, Test, Alarm, Service Assurance, CSD/Web CSD, MO Notes and 800 B/DH.
Role : Application Programmer
Responsibilities:
Responsible for delivering the assigned deliverables on time by doing proper estimates.
Coordinating with onsite team & client for requirements understanding.
Writing LLD or Impact Analysis, Unit Test Design, according to level 5 standards.
Development activity coding & Testing (DEV & SIT environments).
Writing validation Steps to help QA, UAT testing teams and Prod users.
Writing JUnit test cases.
Code Review and Defect fixing in different environment Issues.
Discussing the technical & functional behavior of the CR within team and overlooking the project through its entire life cycle.
Application Deployments in DEV and SIT (LINUX Environments).

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
Completed M.C.A(Master of Computer Applications) with first division through Delhi IGNOU University, Delhi
Completed B.Sc. in Computer Science with first division through Acharya Nagarjuna University, Andhra Pradesh
Contact this candidate