Qualification Summary
Seasoned Cloud Engineer with over 6years of experience in designing, implementing, and optimizing cloud-based solutions. Proficient in cloud Native such as AWS, as well as infrastructure automation, containerization, DevOps, and database management. I am proficient at working alongside teams with diverse skill sets, ensuring timely delivery of projects within budget. I am committed to driving innovation, scalability, and performance, and I relish taking on new challenges. My analytical and time-management skills are strong, and I always strive for professional excellence.
Skills Summary
Industry Experience:
Financial Sector, Retail and Healthcare
Competencies:
Solutions Architecture, DevOps Technology, Automation, Infrastructure Orchestration, Configuration Management, Continuous Integration, Source Code Management, Application Monitoring and Security Management, Cloud and Database Migration, Dynamic orchestration, Resilience and fault tolerance
Certifications/Licenses:
AWS Solution Architect Associate, CompTIA Security+, SQL, Google IT Fundamentals
Languages:
Java, JavaScript, JSON, Python, YAML, XML, SQL, Linux, Scripting
Software/Tools:
Terraform, Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible, Chef, MS Visual Studio Code, Jenkins, GitHub, Git, Prometheus, Jira
Databases:
Oracle, MS SQL, MySQL, MangoDB, AWS: Snowball, Neptune, RDS, DynamoDB, Redshift, ElastiCache, MemoryDB and DocumentDB
Operating Systems:
Windows, Linux
Experience
Janbask Business and IT Consulting, VA. September 2018– Aug 2022
CLOUD ENGINEER
Financial Sector
Migrated Large data using Aws management tools like AWS Snowball Edge, as well as AWS OpsHub.
Used AWS Snowball Edge client and AWS OpsHub to unlock single clustered devices, transfer files, launch and manage instances running on Snow family devices.
Configured the static Ip on the device and unlocking using the manifest file and unlock code alongside AWS S3API for Data transfer to snowball edge.
Launched an instance and associated it with an Amazon AMI.
Obtaining approvals from 3rd party AMI to our organization via AWS Marketplace.
Initiated S3 Bucket, Gateway, and Interface endpoints using service catalog, IAM Role, and policy permissions.
Deployed a fully managed RDS Aurora database in a private subnet in our VPC for Dev/Test environment.
Set up security group permissions and used CLI, RDP Client, and session manager to connect to private instances through a Windows machine.
Set up Windows user credentials for our 3rd party to log in to the account to access S3 bucket and instances.

Used: AWS platform: VPC, Snowball, S3 bucket, RDS, Ec2 instance, Web Application Firewalls, Active Directory

Retail Company
Deployed low latency, live interactive e-commerce shopping solutions Architecture design and multi-platform integration.
Stored all Quick Start Assets in private repository and continuously updated the deployment guide as the code changes.
Designed performance efficient serverless architecture with Lambda integrated with SNS, SQS, Cloud watch logs, and other AWS services.
Evaluated cloud architecture solutions to ensure operational excellence by performing operations as code and optimize cost by leveraging the use of instance launch types like Reserved and Spot instances to critical and non-critical workloads,
Selected EC2 instance type based on resource requirements, leveraged autoscaling groups, Instance scheduler, S3 storage classes, and S3 lifecycle policies.
Supported CI/CD pipeline running on code pipeline and ECS.
Used: Terraform, GitHub, AWS DevOP Tools, Jenkins, Dockers, Kubernetes, YAML, Python, Bootstrap, JSON, Java Script, Visual Studio.

Janbask Business and IT Consulting, VA. Jan 2016– Mar 2018
IT Support Technician
Technically configures, install, and maintain complex hardware and software issues:
Identifies and resolves all IT issues in a timely manner.
Manages clients' security according to company security guidelines and policies.
Provides training and technical guidance for customers on the use of software and hardware products.
Develops standard operating procedures to ensure processes are in line with business objectives.
Maintains documentation of IT inventory and overall IT structure.
Manages group policy objects:
Ensures file access permissions to all users on the shared network drives adhere to company policies and project requirements.
Collaborates with other technical support staff and software developers:
Identifies and resolves issues.

AETI POWER SYSTEMS Apr 2010– Dec 2014
CHEMICAL ENGINEER/DATA ANALYST
Engineered a plant treatment using an automated system:
Engineering designs are implemented using AutoCAD and safety protocols are well propagated.
Evaluated the statistical part of the automated process against the manual treatment process: using Power BI, SQL and Microsoft Excel
Education
Enugu State University.
Bachelor of Science, Chemical Engineering.
Contact this candidate