Aishwarya L
662-***-**** adwdfg@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/aishwarya-l-0736ba267 SUMMARY:
Around 7+ years of experience in IT industry with major focus on Cloud/DevOps, Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD pipeline), Build and Release management, container orchestration & Linux/Windows administration and support with major focus on Configuration, Software Configuration Management (SCM), Build/Release Management, Infrastructure as a Code (IAAC) and production support operations.
Extensive working experience with broad range of AWS Cloud Services like EC2, ELB, Auto Scaling, VPC Private Links (VPC Endpoint services), Route53, RDS, S3, IAM, EBS, SNS, SQS, DynamoDB, Elastic search, EFS, Cloud Foundry, CloudWatch, Cloud Trail, Lambda, Service Catalog, Kinesis, Redshift Cluster and in Cloud Security (OAuth2 and SAML).
Experience in Azure Cloud Services (PaaS & IaaS), Storage, Vnet, Virtual Machines, Private Links, App Gateway, Insights, Firewall, Storage, Vnet, VMSS, Web Apps, Active Directory, Azure Container Service, VPN Gateway, Content Delivery Management, Traffic Manager, Azure Monitoring, OMS, Key Vault, Visual Studio Online (VSO), Cognitive Services (LUIS) and SQL Azure.
Experience in building and deploying the application code using kubectl, kubelet, kubeadm, kubespray and Schedule the jobs using kube-scheduler and managing K8s charts using Helm and creating reproducible builds of the Kubernetes applications.
Experience with configuration management tools like Terraform and package management tools like Packer.
Designed the Web application Using Python on Django Web Framework pattern to make it extensible and flexible, implemented code in python to retrieve and manipulate data.
Expertise in working with Terraform key features such as Infrastructure as a code, execution plans, Apply, Destroy, Multiple providers, Remote Backends, Data and Resource blocks, create infrastructure in a coded manner using Terraform.
Extensively used Terraform in AWS Virtual Cloud to automatically setup & modify settings by interfacing with control layers also used to create and compose all the components necessary to run applications.
Deployed and configured Elastic Search, Log stash and Kibana (ELK) for log analytics, full text search, application monitoring in integration with AWS Lambda.
Experience working with Code scanning and vulnerability tools like SonarQube, Fortify Software and integration with CI pipeline.
Expertise in converting AWS infrastructure to server less architecture using Lambda functions and deployment using Cloud Formation.
Good experience in writing Helm Charts, Kubernetes yaml files for deployment of microservices into Kubernetes clusters.
Expertise in log management using cloud logs with Elastic Search.
Extensive experience implementing software throughout the SDLC process, deep hands-on experience of networking, migration and implementation in Azure.
Experience in writing Automation scripts provisioning Azure resources like Virtual Machines, Virtual Networks, Traffic Manager, Storage, Service Bus and Scheduler make calls to Ansible scripts that provision/ configure servers on the instances.
Experience in Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) and the implementation of micro services in PCF.
Experienced in writing Bash and Python scripts, Boto3 to supplement automation provided by Ansible and Terraform for tasks such as encrypting EBS volumes backing AMI’s and Scheduling Lambda functions for routine AWS tasks.
Designed end to end automation of infrastructure and CD of the applications by integrating cloud formation scripts, Jenkins, AWS & Ansible playbooks.
Experience with Installation, configuration, and management of RDBMS databases like MySQL, DB2, PostgreSQL, and NoSQL databases like MongoDB, DynamoDB, and Cassandra DB.
Experience in writing Ansible playbooks for installing WebLogic/tomcat application, Prerequisites for application deployments and deployments of WAR, JAR, and EAR files across all the environments.
Expert level experience working on Docker hub, creating Docker images, and handling multiple images primarily for middleware installations and domain configuration.
Extensively worked on Jenkins and Bamboo by installing, configuring, and maintaining the purpose of CI and for End-to-End automation for all build and deployments implementing CI/CD for databases using Jenkins in Groovy.
Proficiency in analyzing applications for Azure migration suitability and defining Cloud migration strategy for an enormous number of applications, experience in designing, implementing, and testing of RESTful web services and API’s.
Expert in CI/CD with Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS) and Team Foundation Server (TFS).
Experience in CI/CD pipeline for the automatic deployment of artifacts applications to the required servers or environments in Jenkins CI.
Experience in working on version control systems like Subversion, GIT by using source code management client tools like GitHub, Gitlab, Bitbucket and other command line applications
Hands-on experience in using ELK (Elastic Search, Kibana, Log stash), Splunk, Dynatrace, Prometheus, Grafana, Nagios to monitor the resources utilization for each application, Application Monitoring, Performance, and health.
Good scripting experience in Pearl, Bash, Shell, Python & Developed scripts for automation of the build and release process.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Cloud Environments: AWS, Azure
Operating Systems: Red Hat Linux, CentOS, Ubuntu, Windows, VMware ESX. Infrastructure Automation: Cloud Formation, Terraform, ARM Templates Web/ Application Servers: Apache Tomcat, WebLogic, JBoss, Web Sphere Administration, IIS and Nginix. Databases: MySQL, Oracle, MySQL, Mongo DB, PostgreSQL, RDS, ElastiCache, Dynamo DB. Version Control Tools: GITLAB, GITHUB, Bitbucket.
Configuration Management: Ansible, Chef, Helm, Packer CI/CD Tools: Cloud Bees, Jenkins, TeamCity, Maven, SonarQube, Fortify, Jfrog and Nexus Artifactory, Azure Devops
Container Tools: Kubernetes, Docker, Mesos
Monitoring Tools: Dynatrace, Nagios, Splunk, AWS cloud watch, ELK, Prometheus, Grafana Scripting Languages: Python, groovy, Unix Shell scripting, XML, PowerShell, JSON, YAML. Bug Tracking & Testing tools: JIRA, ServiceNow, PagerDuty, Asana, Rally. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Sr Cloud DevOps Engineer
Optum Eden Prairie, Minnesota Jan 2021 – Current
Design & implement migration strategies for traditional systems on Azure and Implemented end to end data solutions like integration, processing & visualization.
Working with the DevOps team, in delivering new agile environments & build, release, configuration & Deployment automation
Responsible for the architecture decisions and tasks for ongoing migration efforts. And to improve infrastructure that effectively and efficiently utilizes the confidential Azure windows server.
Deployed Azure IaaS Virtual machines and cloud services like PaaS role instances into secure VNets and subnets and provide high availability for IaaS VMs & PaaS role instances.
Performed automating tasks using Ansible playbooks, creating profiles, manifests for new servers, and pushing them to servers. Manage on-prem and cloud Kubernetes clusters to support our growing workloads.
Setup and maintain monitoring, metrics & reporting systems for fine-grained observability and actionable alerting using Prometheus/Grafana.
Production level expertise with containerization orchestration engines (Kubernetes, docker swarm).
Worked with containerization tools, can implement transition to Docker and develop distributed cloud system using Kubernetes and Helm package manager for Kubernetes.
Implementing multi-tier application provisioning in OpenStack cloud, integrating with Jenkins and SonarQube.
Creating scripts in DSL Groovy which integrate with Jenkins for Automation to create seed jobs.
Implemented a CI/CD (Continuous Integration /Continuous Delivery) framework using Maven & Nexus in Linux environment and Integration of Bitbucket, Confluence, Jira, and Cloud Foundry.
Worked with Agile practices using CI/CD pipelines, with Jenkins (Continuous Integration), Nexus for Maven Repository, Maven Builds, Arti-factory, Junit testing and deployments using multiple plugins.
Build Scripts using ANT and MAVEN build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to another environment.
Wrote Ansible Playbooks with Python SSH as the Wrapper to Manage Configurations of AWS Nodes and Test Playbooks on AWS instances using Python. Run Ansible Scripts to provision development servers.
Worked with installation and configuration of Dynatrace monitoring tool. And created email alerts and threshold values using Dynatrace for production environments.
Automated Cloud Infrastructure using Terraform, developed almost 30 terraform reusable modules, integrated with CD Pipelines and deployed into multiple environments including production.
Managed and maintained operating systems on Web servers, Database servers & Mail servers and networking devices. Work on Azure to AWS migration projects to create infrastructure using code by leveraging Terraform & Cloud Formation templates.
Assist in AKS setup to help migrate Kubernetes Infrastructure from AWS to Azure.
Created scripts in Python to automate log rotation of multiple logs from web servers and wrote shell scripts to automate the process of adding ssh-keys, generating passwords in python.
Diagnosing & troubleshooting the Linux/Unix servers’ network connections, examining raw network traffic nmap, netstat, lsof, arp, ip, ifconfig, dig, host, tcpdump, route, nc, trace route
Involved in helping others Linux Administrators to deployed Splunk agents in a Linux and windows environment and creating custom dashboards.
Provided 24/7 support on call rotation.
Serve as an escalation point for other Systems Administrators, Engineers, and other technology teams in the resolution of server and system problems.
Configured Nagios to monitor the IT infrastructure components such as system metrics, applications, servers, and network protocols. Also used Splunk for monitoring the services. Azure Cloud DevOps Engineer
AT&T Plano, Texas Jan '19 - Dec '20
Established connection from Azure to On-premises datacenter using Azure ExpressRoute for Single and Multi- subscription connectivity.
Worked on migrating Services from On-premises to Azure Cloud Environments, in collaboration with development and QA teams to maintain high-quality deployment.
Performed Provisioning of IAAS Virtual Machines, PAAS Services and Web, Worker roles on Microsoft AZURE Classic and Azure Resource Manager.
Provided support for Windows server/IS Server issues, requested and configured SSL certificates.
Worked on Windows Azure to deploy applications and migrate databases from on premise to azure. Deployed instances on staging and production and troubleshoot issues.
Experience in ingesting incremental updates from structured ERP systems residing on Microsoft SQL server database on to Hadoop data platform using SQOOP.
Used Microsoft Azure for Development, Test and UAT environments for all customers regardless of final Production platform (SaaS Cloud, Private secure cloud) to speed up development/ deployment process and work within CI/CD framework (Team City, Octopus Deploy). Developed Azure PaaS services including web jobs, Azure SQL, Postgres, Azure SQLMI, Azure Data Factory (ADF) and Azure Service Fabric.
Designed, configured, and deployed Microsoft Azure for a multitude of applications utilizing the Azure stack
(Including Compute, Web & Mobile, Blobs, ADF, Resource Groups, Azure SQL DW, DNS, Cloud Services, and ARM, focusing on high-availability, Disaster Recovery, fault tolerance, and auto-scaling).
Worked on Azure Fabric, Micro services, IoT & Docker containers in Azure and involved in developing Terraform modules for various IAAS and PAAS Azure services.
Good experience in securing application secrets using Azure key vault, configuring monitoring and logging using Log Analytics Workspace, Azure Monitor, Storage Accounts etc.
Worked on integrating GIT into the continuous Integration (CI) environment along with Anthill-Pro, Cruise Control and Subversion. Written scripts to containerize Chef using Dockers and orchestrate it using Kubernetes.
Worked with Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform for Docker and Kubernetes, Used Kubernetes to manage containerized applications using its nodes, Config Maps, selector, Services, and deployed application containers as Pods.
Implemented a Continuous Delivery framework using Azure DevOps, Chef, Maven & Nexus in Linux environment.
Integration of Maven, Azure DevOps, Urban Code Deploy with Patterns/Release, Git, Confluence, Jira, and Created cookbooks and recipes in Chef.
Hands on experience on using Terraform along with packer to create custom machine images and automation tools like Chef to install software’s after the infrastructure is provisioned.
Implemented pipelines with Azure DevOps including Logging & Monitoring of the systems using required DevOps tool chains.
Used Graylog for log monitoring paired with Grafana for data visualization.
Maintained automated environment using Chef Recipes & Cookbooks within Microsoft Azure and involved in Knife and Chef Bootstrap process including converting production support scripts to chef recipes used for server provisioning.
Implemented Chef agents for a start-up to facilitate simple instance management for event driven load provisioning of instances based on averages of Nagios checks.
Implemented DevOps tools suites like GIT, ANT, Maven, TeamCity, Chef, Docker, Docker Swarm, Kubernetes, Nexus Artifactory, Nagios in traditional environments & cloud environments.
Experience leveraging TFS (Team Foundation Server) environments using Visual Studio, .NET, and Microsoft SQL Server.
Sr. Site Reliability Engineer
Humana Healthcare Louisville, KY Aug '17 - Jan '19
Worked on core AWS services (S3, EC2, ELB, EBS, Route53, VPC, auto scaling etc.) and deployed services
(OpsWorks and Cloud Formation) and security practices (IAM, Cloud watch and Cloud trail)
Used IAM for creating roles, users, groups and implemented MFA (Multi Factor Authentication) to provide additional security to AWS account and its resources.
Load test on API’s and Cassandra database servers to find the break point with different scenarios.
Provisioned & configured Dev, Test and Prod environments of different applications on AWS by using Kubernetes clusters on EC2 instances using Docker, Ruby/Bash, Ansible and Terraform.
Used AWS Beanstalk for deploying and scaling web applications and services developed with Java, PHP, Node.js, Python, Ruby, Shell/Bash, Perl, Groovy and Docker on familiar servers like Apache.
Experience working with the release and deployment in Java/J2EE, NodeJS and ASP.NET web applications.
Worked with AWS Cloud Services (Cloud Watch, Elastic IP, RDS, SNS, SQS, IAM, VPC, Cloud Formation, Route53) and managing security groups on AWS.
Provisioned AWS S3 services like creating buckets, configuring buckets with permissions, logging, versioning, tagging & lifecycle policies to back the data from AWS S3 to AWS Glacier.
Created AWS Route53 to route traffic between different regions and configure AWS IAM and Security group in Public and Private subnets in VPC.
Setup and configured VPC Private Link (Endpoints), Direct Connect, Transit VPC, VPC Peering, Reverse Proxy Caching, CDN, IPsec and VPN for secure data transfer, and secured connection to other AWS services and other AWS accounts.
Configured AWS IAM and Security Groups in Public and Private Subnets in VPC, managed IAM accounts
(with MFA) and IAM policies to meet security audit & compliance requirements.
Integrated Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure with automation and configuration management tools such as Ansible. Integrated Ansible Tower with cloud environment, provided role-based access control, setup job monitoring, email notifications, Scheduled jobs, multi-playbook workflow to chain playbooks.
Used Hashicorp Packer to create and manage the AMI's and automated whole AMI creation process using Jenkins jobs.
Performed CentOS and custom Linux deployments with Packer.
Automated OpenStack and AWS deployment using Cloud Formation, Heat, Ansible and Terraform, also deployed, and administered Open stack services i.e. Nova, Neutron, Swift etc. and developing Openstack through Python.
Implemented CI/CD pipelines on Jenkins, Nexus OSS, SonarQube, Ansible, DTR management, Containerized open-source ELK stack for digital applications.
Automated the cloud deployments using Ansible, python (boto & fabric) and AWS CloudFormation Templates.
Created additional Docker Slave Nodes for Jenkins using custom Docker Images and pulled them to Cloud. Worked on all major components of Docker like, Docker Daemon, Hub, Images, Registry.
Created APIs with the help of Amazon API gateway used for exposing backend applications as REST service with additional features such as versioning and throttling with the API endpoints categorized as public, regional, and private endpoints.
Integrated Docker container-based test infrastructure to Jenkins CI and set up build environment integrating with Git and Jira to trigger builds using Web Hooks on Slave Machines.
Performed automated installation of Operating System using the Kickstart for Linux and Jumpstart for Sun Solaris using Global Positioning Tool. Build and Deployment of the Linux hardware Nodes to host several KVM templates.
Worked on Python OpenStack APIs and used Numpy for Numerical analysis.
Automated Datadog Dashboards with the stack through Terraform Scripts and used CloudWatch and Datadog to monitor real-time granular metrics of all the AWS Services and configured individual dashboards for each resource agent. Implemented migration from VMware to AWS using VMDK import tools. Cloud Engineer
Penske Pennsylvania, PA Jan '16 - Aug '17
Performed migration from TFS to Azure DevOps (VSTS). Configured and set-up build and release pipelines Deploying windows, Kubernetes (K8s) cluster with Azure Container Service (ACS) from Azure CLI and utilized Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment of the CI/CD system to build, test and deploy Created CI/CD Azure DevOps Pipelines to build images using packer and to deploy Azure cloud infrastructure using Terraform in multiple environments.
Hands on experience on Azure VPN-Point to Site, Virtual Networks, Virtual machines, Configuring NSG’s, Standard Load Balancers, Private link service, Private endpoint storage accounts and Azure firewall. Used PowerShell scripting for automation of deployments and for procuring Virtual Machines in Azure installed Prometheus and Grafana using Helm to monitor the application performance in the Kubernetes clusters.
Design, build, and manage the EFK (Elasticsearch, Fluentd, and Kibana) cluster for centralized logging and search functionalities for the application hosted on Kubernetes.
Worked on moving SQL databases to DR location on Azure Cloud.
Automated applications and MySQL container deployment in Docker using Python and monitor them using Grafana.
Developed automation system using PowerShell scripts and JSON templates to remediate the Azure services.
Worked with Terraform Templates to automate the Azure IAAS using Terraform modules and deployed virtual machine scale sets with base infrastructure in the production environment.
Created Azure services using ARM templates (JSON) and ensured no changes in the present Infrastructure while doing the incremental deployment.
Integrated Azure Log Analytics with Azure VMs for monitoring the log files, store them, track metrics, Managed different infrastructure resources Cloud, VMware, and Docker containers
Automating the Microsoft .NET software build, packaging, and deployment processes using Azure DevOps
(VSTS).
Using JFrog Artifactory maintained Artifacts in binary repositories and pushed new Artifacts by configuring the Jenkins project Jenkins Artifactory plugin.
Involved in Jira as a defect tracking system and configure various workflows, customizations, and plugins for Jira bug/issue tracker integrated Jenkins with Jira, GitHub.
Written Ansible playbooks with defining multiple tasks and Roles to deploy in various environment hosts.
Created multiple playbooks using Ansible for machine creations and SQL server, cluster server and my SQL installations.
Developed Automated Tests using Selenium WebDriver in C# and utilizing VSTS as a build automation tool with NUnit as the testing framework.
Linux Administrator
SBA Communications, Boca Raton, FL May '15 - Jan '16
Created and modified application related objects, created Profiles, users, roles and maintained system security.
Installed operating system on multiple machines using Kickstart.
Performed server updates, patching, upgrade, and package installations using RPM and YUM
Monitored System Activities like CPU, Memory, Disk and Swap space usage to avoid any performance issues.
Installation, integration, and management of data backup/recovery solutions. Management and configuration of VMWare virtual machines running Oracle/Sun Solaris X86/64, RHEL and Oracle Linux server.
Configuration of DHCP and DNS, installation and configuration of VPN client, Windows Servers installation and configuration, installation and configuration of Active Directory creating users and groups, setting user access controls, domains creation and setup Installed configured and managing VMWare ESX server.
Participated in troubleshooting issues for user/group authentication and authorization issues and browser issues.
Working with Apache Web servers and managing JBoss, Apache Tomcat and Web Sphere
Application Servers Used NFS and FTP services for transferring files to various machines.
Troubleshooting and monitoring the machines 24x7.
Responsible for writing/modifying scripts using bash, SSH for Day-to-Day administration.
Modified Kernel parameters to improve the server performance in Linux.
Creation of Logical volumes (LVM) for Linux operating systems.
Supporting Application Team, Storage Team, DBA Team at OS system level.
Performed troubleshooting of DNS, DHCP and Active directory.
Contact this candidate