Dinara Pilyushenko
DevOps Engineer
adwecq@r.postjobfree.com Las Vegas, NV 702-***-****
SKILLS
AWS Terraform Git Bash Linux Ansible Docker Jenkins Kubernetes Python GitHub DataDog WORK EXPERIENCE
McFadyen Digital - DevOps Engineer
June 2020 - current
Used Terraform as an IAC tool to create reliable and secure infrastructure on AWS Platform, including ALBs, NLBs, DynamoDB tables, RDS instances, Lambdas, Kinesis Streams, API Gateways. Configured and deployed EKS clusters.
Implemented Kubernetes monitoring infrastructure using DataDog, which includes real-time monitoring and alerting capabilities for Kubernetes clusters.
Proficient in building, deploying, running, and containerizing applications using Docker, as well as developing and troubleshooting various components in Kubernetes clusters, including Deployments, DaemonSets, StatefulSets, Services, Ingress Resources, and Network Policies to ensure efficient and reliable application delivery and maintenance.
Deployed CI/CD pipelines for multiple projects using Jenkins automation server, enabling continuous integration and delivery of software changes.
Used Bash for log analysis and monitoring and set up Bash scripts for automated error detection and resolution. Developed and tested scripts for infrastructure automation and configuration management using Python, frameworks like Ansible, Puppet, and Chef.
Worked collaboratively with Dev/QA/Prod teams, utilizing effective communication skills and active listening to achieve project goals.
Examined the system performance, investigated the main cause of any issues, and identified areas where improvements could be made to ensure better reliability and accessibility, leading in increased scalability. Partook in on-call duties, and acted as the main liaison between IT staff and other departments, making sure all systems and applications worked together efficiently. Used GitHub as the source code repository, managing code changes and pull requests to ensure only high-quality code was merged into the main branch.
Proactively look for opportunities to improve efficiency and quality of our system. Qdigital Technologies - Cloud Engineer
April 2018 - June 2020
Demonstrated a strong ability to learn new skills quickly, consistently applying them to daily task to improve overall efficiency and productivity.
Utilized AWS CloudWatch and Cloud Trail to deploy monitoring solutions, while also employing IAM to safeguard cloud resources by designing users, groups, and roles with specific authorizations. Participated in the automation, maintenance, and management of an AWS cloud-based production system . Deployed and configured AWS services such as EC2, S3, and RDS to meet company needs. Developed AWS Lambda functions to automate serverless computing tasks and increase application scalability. Collaborated closely with the development team to release and deploy new backend binaries to our infrastructure. Implemented security best practices using Terraform modules such as VPC flow logs, security groups, and IAM policies to insure that infrastructure was secure and compliant with organizational policies. Created custom AMI's using Packer.
Created CloudWatch alerts for instances, using them in autoscaling launch configurations. Refactored and improved Terraform modules, Ansible Roles. Desert IT Solutions - Linux System Administrator
February 2016 - April 2018
Ensured peak network performance by conducting regular network monitoring and analysis. Utilized Bash to automate and streamline the server patching process, resulting in increased efficiency. On a daily basis monitored the hardware and server resources to ensure their integrity and availability. Conducted reviews of the system and application logs. Created Shell scripts that automate the process of migrating, backup databases and files. Monitored and maintained server-related services, including Apache and MySQL. Configured and secured network infrastructure, including firewalls and VPN's. Documented system architecture and procedures for future reference.
Contact this candidate