Samuel Christian C
Atlanta, GA• 470-***-****
adweye@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
Skilled and Experienced DevOps Engineer with 4+ years of hands-on experience supporting, automating, and optimizing mission critical deployments in AWS, leveraging configuration management, CI/CD, Scripting and DevOps processes.

Certifications

AWS Certified Solution Architect Professionals 2022

AWS Certified Solution Architect Associate. 2022

LinkedIn:- https://www.linkedin.com/in/christiansamuelc

EXPERIENCE
OPTIMOZ:, DevOps/Cloud Engineer
January ‘2022 – Current
Created dashboards, and alerting on Datadog.
Installed and configured DataDog to constantly monitor network bandwidth, memory usage, and hard drive status
Managed Git repositories and permissions, including branching and tagging
Wrote Terraform modules from scratch to automate deployment on AWS, integrated s3 bucket for state managements.
Run CICD Multiple Branch pipeline with GitHub, Jenkins,and deployed to multiple environments such as Testing, Elasticbeanstalk, Staging.
Wrote Jenkinsfile for dev teams to automate CICD process in Jenkins.
Actively manage, improve, and monitor cloud infrastructure on AWS, EC2, VPC subnets, ELB. Autoscaling, S3, and RDS, including backups, patches, and scaling Ansible for automating large scale java by using playbooks to deploy unto multiple servers.
Use Terraform to manage infrastructure as code by Setting up resources to create transit hub, shared services and logic app on power business intelligence project.
Reduced costs each month by eliminating unnecessary servers and consolidating databases.
Used
Deploy resources with terraform to AWS environment, used s3 bucket to manage statefile.
Setup IAM roles and policies for users and groups. Granted users permissions based on their functions
Provide subject matter experts for teams and developers on how to implement DevOps best practices like tagging, version control and automation.
Built and deployed Docker images to Docker hub registry, improving developer workflow, increasing scalability, and optimizing speed, deployed Docker containers to break up monolithic App into microservices, Kubernetes, improving developer workflow, increasing scalability and optimizing speed. Troubleshooting deployment activities, Worked closely with development teams for immediate feedback on source changes. Openshift used open shift to manage and scale containerized applications either with Red heart or CentoS
Created monitoring Dashboard with Datadog, SPLUNK, CloudWatch for continuous monitoring and alerting. Ensured each team get updates on the performance of their applications using Microsoft team.
Wrote Terraform scripts to various modules for easy management and reusability of code. Used the Terraform modules to automate deployment on AWS, integrated s3 bucket for state management.
Integrated various tools with Jenkins such as SonarQube, Tomcat, Git, Microsoft Team, Maven and Dockers.
Host static websites using aws s3 and CloudFront.
Use Okta in creating users, twilio and SNS for sending messages and SendGrid for emails.
Build and deployed server-side and networking applications with Node.js an open source of JavaScript .
Review Git pull request, merge to main branch, encourages git best
practices.
Use Amazon cognito to create user management and sync it their functionality to their mobile or web application

DOERM211, DevOps Engineer (Contract) Remote
July '2020 – Dec 2021
Create and maintain fully automated Jenkins CI/CD pipelines for code integration and deployment.
Setup IAM roles and policies for users and groups. Granted users permissions based on their functions
Provide subject matter experts for teams and developers on how to implement DevOps best practices like tagging, version control and automation.
Built and deployed Docker images to Docker hub registry, improving developer workflow, increasing scalability, and optimizing speed, deployed Docker containers to break up monolithic App into microservices, Kubernetes, improving developer workflow, increasing scalability and optimizing speed. Troubleshooting deployment activities, Worked closely with development teams for immediate feedback on source changes.
Created monitoring Dashboard with Datadog, SPLUNK, CloudWatch for continuous monitoring and alerting. Ensured each team get updates on the performance of their applications using Microsoft team.
Wrote Terraform scripts to various modules for easy management and reusability of code. Used the Terraform modules to automate deployment on AWS, integrated s3 bucket for state management.
Integrated various tools with Jenkins such as SonarQube, Tomcat, Git, Microsoft Team, Maven and Dockers.
Host static websites using aws s3 and CloudFront.
Use Okta in creating users, twilio and SNS for sending messages and SendGrid for emails.
Build and deployed server-side and networking applications with Node.js an open source of JavaScript .
Review Git pull request, merge to main branch, encourages git best practices.

CLOUD CLEARWATER, DevOps Engineer
Sept. 2018 – June 2020
Wrote Ansible manifests and roles to deploy, configure, and manage servers.
Automated build and deployment using Jenkins to reduce human error and speed up production processes
Created dashboards, and alerting on Datadog.
Installed and configured DataDog to constantly monitor network bandwidth, memory usage, and hard drive status
Managed Git repositories and permissions, including branching and tagging
Wrote Terraform modules from scratch to automate deployment on AWS, integrated s3 bucket for state managements.
Integrated various tools with Jenkins such as SonarQube, Tomcat, Git, Microsoft Team, Maven and Dockers and Kubernates.

ECO BANK PLC, Linux System Administrator
Jan. 2013 – Aug. 2018
Create a Root / Superuser account that have the privilege to access all user accounts, all system configurations, home directory with all files therein.
Installed and Configured servers most importantly elements of Modern OS and Network design.
Creating and Maintaining User Accounts, also add, modify, delete or copy user account. Maintained security-related by providing Roles on a user account that define the level of privilege / access.
Backing up and Restoring Files, to minimize loss of data. Specifying and classifying data to backup, how often or frequently backup should be performed.
Monitoring and tuning performance, this is essential for Linux to work more efficiently. Identify when hardware needs to be upgraded, identify some system bottleneck and resolve them
Using tools to monitor security, setup tools that easily cracked down hackers. Prevent unauthorized use of systems.
SETUP Multiples Servers, Multiples servers are setup using one IP Address ( Virtual Hosting), change IP to Static IP

SKILLS

Operating Systems: Ubuntu, Red Hat Linux, AWS Amazon Linux, Windows
Monitoring Tool: Datadog
IaaC Tools: Terraform, Cloud Formation
Configuration Management: Ansible
Cloud platforms: AWS
Networking: TCP/IP, VPC, Routing/Switching, DNS
Version Control: Git, GitHub, Bitbucket
Project management tool: Jira
Containers: Docker, ECS, EKS, Dockerfile,
Build Tools: Maven, Gradle, Jenkins
Scripting & Other Tools: Bash Scripting, Python
Linux: linux commands, shell and bash
Language: speaks English fluently and Garman language as starter
Inter-personal Skills: Good communication skill, excellent collaboration skill, Great understanding of DevOps practices, good team player, fast learner.

EDUCATION
REDEEMER’S UNIVERSITY, Nigeria (RUN) Sept 2006 - July '2011
Bachelor of Science

Certifications

1.AWS Certified Solutions Architect ASSOCIATE 2022
2.AWS Certified Solutions Architect PROFESSIONALS 2022
Contact this candidate