OLAMILEKAN FAGBEMI
Address: Indianapolis, Indiana
Phone: 463-***-**** Email: adwjec@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/olamilekanfagbemi

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
A multi-skilled and team-oriented AWS Certified Solutions Architect with years of experience in cloud architecture & security. An avid learner, adept at leveraging industry’s best security standard and agile practices with business initiatives to deliver quantifiable results that are secure, scalable and resilient. You have in front of you the right candidate that is an enthusiastic learner and curiosity seeker, focusing on what can be done rather than hindered by notions of what cannot be.

SKILLS

●Identity & Access Management (IAM).
●VPC, Route53, API Gateway, Elastic Load Balancer, Security Groups, NACLs, Route Tables, Transit Gateway. Palo Alto Networks, Firewalls & Log Analysis.
●Designing security controls, Nagios monitoring software, Symantec Endpoint Protection, Implementing security programs, Erecting firewalls
●CI/CD Pipeline, Docker, Git, Gitlab, Terraform, Kubernetes, Cloud Formation, Jira.
●Web logic, Web Sphere, Apache Tomcat
●CloudWatch, Lambda, Athena, ECS, Cloud Endure.
●In-depth Understanding of CIDR notation.
●Aurora, PostgreSQL, MySQL, DynamoDB, RDS
●Familiar with IAM protocols such as SAML, OpenID and OAuth.
●Troubleshooting & Excellent eyes for details.
●Putty, Session Manager.

●Agile, Scrum, Kanban, SDLC.
●Bash Scripting, Git Apps, Python.
●HTML, WordPress, CSS, JSON, YAML.
●Linux, MacOS, Windows.
●Office 365, Adobe CC & most used utility tools.
●Tenable Nessus, Rapid7, Checkpoint CloudGuard (Dome9), CSPM, CWPP ZTNA.
●Wireframing, Web Design and Database understanding.
●Diagramming Architectural Design using LucidChart.
●Active Directory/Server Management (Application, Database, Web).
●Software Licensing and Installation.

CERTIFICATION & TRAINING
AWS Certified Solutions Architect Professional - In view
Fortinet FortiWeb WAF Cloud-as-a-Service
CyberArk Certified Trustee
AWS Certified Developers Associate
IBM Containers and Kubernetes Essentials
AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
Professional Scrum Master 1 (PSM 1)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
MilliporeSigma (Indianapolis, IN) AWS Solutions Architect
Aug. 2019 – Present
Actively manage the day to day AWS accounts, recommending Optimize Pricing Models based on critical factors like Instances, Hosts, Clusters, Cache, Storage Type and Volumes, Elastic IP, Data Transfer, Application Load Balancing, Network Load Balancing, DNS Configuration, Email, Notification Services, Directory Services, Queue Services, Virtual Private Cloud.
Experienced in the use of Python programming language to automate processes and creation of Lambda functions.
Design, develop, and deploy Proofs of Concept (POCs) with prospective customers and partners.
Extensive knowledge of implementation of software development and project lifecycle in an agile environment.
Create, customize and use Terraform to provision and maintain Infrastructure in AWS Cloud.
Assist application development teams with cloud environment sizing, design of disaster recovery capabilities to meet the app needs.
Design the architectural frameworks solution (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS) that best suits the clients web application hosting demands in the AWS cloud platform, leveraging AWS services such as EC2, Elastic Beanstalk, S3 static web hosting, Containerized service (ECS), Lambda, with focus on integrated and automated service delivery.
Involve in the migration of servers, databases, data, and applications into AWS cloud.
Gather technical requirements, assess client capabilities, and analyze findings to provide appropriate cloud solution recommendations and adoption strategy.
Install, configure, integrate, and train others on security solutions in the cloud.
Define and implement appropriate policies for AWS security solutions.
Conduct security assessments to identify areas of risk and ensure any gaps are remediated.
Own security architecture in the Cloud in collaboration with other team members and functional areas.
Assist in investigation and remediation of security incidents and issues.
Conduct security risk assessments, planning, policy reviews, gap analysis, status/progress reports and action plans.
Conduct technical research when necessary to contribute to cloud security direction and strategy planning.
Provision several web servers for both testing and production environments.
Participate in the assessment of system security controls to validate control implementation and identify weaknesses using AWS native security tools and third-party security software available on AWS Marketplace.
Configure CloudWatch to collect, track and monitor log files and trigger alarms as required.
Develop plans to safeguard computer files against modification, destruction, or disclosure in AWS S3 buckets using object and vault locks.
Apply established engineering methodologies such as Naming Conventions, using least privilege access and high availability to architectural design.
Deploy over 100 AWS Workspaces for nearshore employees in Mexico & Canada.
Identify opportunities for AWS cost optimization that reduce variable cost down to 40%.
Collaborate with business analysts, developers, and technical support teams to define project requirements and specifications.
Deploying and Configuring Checkpoint CloudGuard for full visibility and control of security and compliance in the environment and Guard Duty to continuously monitor malicious activity and unauthorized behavior to protect AWS accounts and workloads.
Implement best practices in applications as well as identifying security vulnerabilities and deviation from security best practices using Amazon Inspector.
Experience using Linux and SQL commands.

NICE PAK (Indianapolis, IN) Cloud Engineer
Aug. 2016 – Aug. 2019
Built VPCs from scratch, creating private and public sub-nets, creating security groups and network access lists, configuring internet gateways, creating AMI, understanding of user access management/role based access/multi factor authentication and API access, configuration of auto scaling and elastic load balancer for scaling services if a configured threshold has been exceeded, configuration of SNS to send notifications and Cloud Watch to collect logs and metrics, spinning both Windows and Linux EC2 instances as needed.
Created Snapshots and AMIs of EC2 Instances and use them as backup for future DR
Developed Security Architecture for highly scalable and fault-tolerant applications that adhere to expected standards and discipline from a security posture.
Led and perform reviews of multiple cloud platforms (mostly AWS) and services to assesses cybersecurity risks including unauthorized access and data leakage while actively designing controls to mitigate those risks.
Hosted several web applications on Amazon’s Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) service to provide secure, resizable compute capacity in the cloud. Also used Amazon’s EC2 Auto Scaling to help maintain application availability and to automatically add or remove EC2 instances according to conditions I defined.
Created an SSL certificate using AWS Certificate Manager, a service that allows easy provisioning, managing, and deploying of public and private SSL/TLS certificates for use with AWS services and internal connected resources. I used this to secure the network communications to my application and to establish the identity of my websites over the Internet.
Used security groups, network ACLs, NAT gateways and route tables to ensure a secure zone for the organization in AWS public cloud.
Translated technical specifications into project scopes of work and product requirements while spearheading design and development of databases and enterprise solutions.
Developed Cloud Formation scripts to build on-demand EC2 instances and used AWS CLI to automate backups to S3 buckets and EBS.
Prepared and maintained documentation of technologies, standards, and procedures.
Deployed over 100 AWS Workspaces for offshore employees.
Part of an agile team that practices the core agile principles of collaboration, prioritization, team accountability, and visibility.

MTN (Abuja, NG) Systems Administrator
Apr. 2014 – Jul. 2016
Monitored and troubleshoot issues related to IT support (i.e. Desktop/laptop issues, software application issues, printing/scanning issues and other anomalies that may develop) to ensure end user satisfaction and deliver required desktop service levels.
Manage Microsoft vulnerability patches deployment via SCCM and Symantec endpoint protection antivirus client management for security.
Maintain technical support activities by managing end-user requests using ServiceNow incident ticketing system and change request management using defined ITIL processes.
Provide timely support for applications ranging from Office 365, MS-Project, Adobe CC, Web browsers etc. and overall performance of computer and mobile systems.
Set up workstations, monitors and connect to the server.
Performed regular software backups, deploy security updates, troubleshooting, maintaining, and upgrading all PC hardware and peripheral to ensure optimal workstation performance.
Developed a security awareness training program which reduced phishing awareness failures from 55% to 6%.
Created new users, managed existing users, assigned roles and permissions following principles of least privilege.
Configured security, network settings, and Outlook Email and Office applications.
Installed, configured, managed AD / DHCP / DNS Services. and troubleshoot end-user desktops/devices and servers.
Implemented local area networks (LAN), wide area networks (WAN), intranets, extranets, and other data networks.
Researched and scanned computers for malware and security risks on a regular basis.
Supported the Help Desk, rollout of major installations or version updates, on/off boarding of employees, computer imaging/configuration/deployments and coordinating projects with other IT departments within the firm.
Performed analytical, technical, and administrative work in the planning, designing and installation of new and existing company approved end user devices. Teamed up with the networking, application, and vendor team to find resolution to any critical issues.
Developed Scripts in python for automation of day to day processes.
Managing company’s facilities like the electronic switching system, alarm manager and other facilities.
Onsite training of customer’s staff (ATM Custodians) after solution deployment.

EDUCATION
NEAR EAST UNIVERSITY, NORTHERN CYPRUS • Master of Art MA, Marketing June 2014

UNIVERSITY OF LAGOS, LAGOS, NIGERIA • Bachelor’s in Computer Science Apr. 2010

THE POLYTECHNIC, IBADAN, NIGERIA • Diploma in Computer Science Apr. 2005
Contact this candidate