Sylvester Audu
AWS Architect
Houston TX
adwnnz@r.postjobfree.com/ 832-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Over 8 years of experience in the field of IT, DevOPs, Cloud Engineer in application configurations, code compilation, packaging, building, automating, managing and releasing code from one environment to another and deploying to server.
Hands on experience with AWS cloud networking including VPCs, Subnets, Security Groups, EC2, EBS, Lambda, Databases, ACLs, Transit Gateways, NAT gateway, ALB/NLB, Route53, ACM, IAM Roles, Elastic Beanbstalk, CloudFormation, Autoscaling, AWS CodeBuild, AWS CodeDeploy, AWS CodeCommit, Palo Alto Prism, Route53, API Gateway and related technologies.
Deep understanding of the networking processing of protocols, and standards - TCP/IP, UDP, DNS, HTTP.
Experienced and practical knowledge of management security, operational security and physical security.
Experienced and practical knowledge with security mechanisms including 2FA, mTLS, x509, OpenID Connect, JWT/JWE, OAuth2, PEP/PDP, SAML, WS-Security, Basic Auth and ABAC/RBAC based policies.
Hands on experience “code first” development of cloud configuration and components from the scratch using tools like Gitlab and Terraform
Strong hands-on experience in one or more development languages including Java and python.
Experienced with Open Telemetry, Dynatrace, Open Trace, AWS Cloud Watch, DataDog, Prometheus, ELK, Grafana, Splunk, and other tools to ensure the cloud is operating as expected.
Experienced with Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) tooling including Jenkins, GitLab.
Experienced with Containers including tools like Docker, Kubernetes, ECS/ECR, and other related technologies and tools.
Firsthand experience in the use of SAFe for managing large complex projects.
Demonstrated experience in explaining complex technology decisions to both technical and nontechnical audiences at all levels in the organization.
Demonstrated experience effectively communicating and developing high trust relationships with frontline and second level management and stakeholders.
Capacity to develop target state architecture using services offered by AWS and private cloud and vision to develop the transition architecture.
Capacity to design patterns for moving legacy applications to AWS and private cloud.
Hands on experience with common architecture patterns (microservices, event-driven, REST, NO SQL databases and services offered by AWS (S3, EKS, RDS, Elasticsearch.)
Experienced in addressing operational and non-functional concerns (e.g., scalability, performance, maintainability, load distribution, resilience and recovery, etc.)
Experienced in Jenkins by Installing, configuring, and maintaining for the purpose of continuous integration (CI) and for the End-to-End automation for all build and deployments and creating Jenkins pipelines.
Hands on experience with EC2, S3, RDS, VPC, ELB EBS, Auto scaling, Lambda, Dynamodb.
Experienced in branching, merging, and maintaining versions using SCM tools like GIT and GitHub on Windows and Linux platforms.
Experienced in Project Management and used tools like JIRA to track tasks and collaborate.
Experienced in the creation of Docker containers and Docker consoles for managing the application life cycle.
Creating custom Docker images using Dockerfile for easier replication of DEV and QA Environments in local machine
Performed and deployed builds for various environments like QA, Integration, UAT and Productions Environments.
Strong analytics and problem-solving skills.
Sound knowledge of DevOps tools such as Jenkins, Git, Terraform and Containerization tools such as Docker and Kubernetes.
Participated in Agile and Scrum technologies with a team of four Developers and two System Administrators.
Deep knowledge of Terragunt which provides tools for working with multiple Terraform modules.
Acted creatively to develop applications and to select appropriate technical options. Accounts for others development activities. Optimizes application development, maintenance and performance by employing design patterns and by reusing proved solutions.
Accounted for own and others’ actions in the integration process. Complies with appropriate Standards and change control procedures to maintain integrity of the overall system functionality and reliability.
Evaluated security management measures and indicators and decided if compliant to information security policy was followed. Investigated and instigated remedial measures to address any security breaches. AWS product knowledge and understanding of product features.
Project experienced in implementing core infrastructure, networking and cloud-based services.
Hands on experience building solutions from AWS components using Cloud Formation or tools such as Ansible.
Experienced with EC2, VPC, Route53, ELB, S3, supporting networking and management/monitoring services.
Designed and implemented solutions for monitoring, scaling, performance improvement, and configuration management of systems running SaaS applications.
Performed code reviews, evaluated implementations, and provided feedback for tool improvements.
Developed automation framework for public cloud infrastructure deployments.
Sound Knowledge of OpenShift Technologies, integrating it Kubernetes for efficient applications container.
Well versed in DNS, Load Balancing, SSL, TCP/IP, networking and security.
Developed tools and processes to improve customer and Racker lives.
Maintained and leveraged Configuration/Systems Management tools such as Ansible and AWS Management Tools.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills and can work independently with little or no supervision or as a member of a team.
●Architected and developed full stack solutions, from whiteboard to green SLA’s.
●Good writing, listening and communication skills, hence, strong interpersonal skills, organizational skills, hard-working, and a team player.
Environment: AWS SDK for Java, AWS CLI, Git, ECS, EKS, Lambda, AWS, AWS SMS, Elastic Beanstalk, Jason, YML, Tomcat, Visio, Ansible, Terraform, Docker, Kubernetes, Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), Jenkins, MAVEN, GitHub, Apache, CloudWatch, Cloud, S3, Load Balancers, Route53.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Versioning Tools: Git
CI/CD: Jenkins, Maven, BitBucket
Build Tools: Maven
Ticket Track Tools: JIRA
Containerization Tools: Docker, Kubernetes
Languages: SGL, NO SQL
Scripting Languages: Shell scripting, Python, java, javascript, NodeJs
AWS: EC2, S3, ELB, Auto scaling, Elastic Beanstalk, Cloud Front, CloudFormation, Lambda, RDS, Elastic Filesystem, RDS, DMS, VPC, Direct Connect, Route 53, Cloud watch, Cloud trail, IAM, SNS.
Web/App servers: Apache Tomcat, IIS
Database: Oracle, Kinesis, SQL Servers, MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, Teradata, DB2
Testing Tool: Selenium
Monitoring Tool: Nagios, Plunk
Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, and XML
Configuration Management: Terraform, Ansible
OpenStack
Operating system: Windows, Linux
Project Management: Initiation, Planning, Execution, Monitoring and Controlling, and closing.

Two95 International Inc.-DevOps Engineer
Ellisville, MO October 2021 – Till date
Responsibilities:
●Updated company’s codes, automated security systems and cut risk of breaches by 60%.
●Designed new architectures within AWS platform for a lift as the first stage cloud solution.
●Migrated on premises infrastructure on AWS Cloud using Rehost “lift and Shift methodology and developed Continuous Integration Pipeline using Jenkins to Deploy a multitude of applications utilizing the AWS services including VPC, EC2, RDS, S3, and IAM, Elastic load Balancing, Autoscaling, Cloud Front, Elastic Beanstalk, Cloud Watch by focusing on high-availability, fault tolerance, and autoscaling.
●Implemented AWS Code pipeline and created Cloud Formation templates and launched EC2 instances using Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) (Linux/RHEL/Ubuntu) for development, test and production environment with respect to specific applications and created users’ groups and assigning roles and permissions using IAM service.
●Experienced in deploying Kubernetes cluster using Kops, Kubeadm on AWS and VMware. Configured the Kubernetes Master and various worker nodes, configured Consul for service discovery, interact API server using kubectl command line utility.
●Configured AWSECS for deploying and orchestrating containers by defining tasks and services. Leverage Blue/Green deployment by developing Ansible playbook to change configuration of services to ramp up or down the number of tasks running in the overall cluster.
●Automated the creation of S3 buckets and policies and IAM role-based policies through python Boto3 SDK. Configured S3 versioning and lifecycle policies and archived files in Glacier and using AWS Database Migration Services (DMS), migrated homogenous migration such as Oracle to oracle and oracle to Amazon Aurora.
●I was an integral part of the team that improved and monitored cloud infrastructure on AWS and Jenkins.
●A member of the Agile team that deployed SaaS software with over a million users.
●Setup and maintained a 99% uptime of a network of 20+ Unix servers.
●Configured Elastic Load Balancer with EC2 Auto scaling groups and worked on Cloud Watch alerts for instances and using them in auto-scaling configurations.
●Used Jenkins to automate, build and deploy infrastructure, hence reduced human error and sped up production processes.
●Managed local deployments in Kubernetes, creating local clusters and applications deployment into containers/kube.
●Eliminated the states that are accumulated in Jenkins server by developing the scripted pipeline in Groovy to make version control and make it distributable across organization.
●Configured Lambda SNS to dynamically monitor all servers by sending notifications when the servers are down or not function in accordance with specification.
●Participated in functional reviews, test specifications and documentation review.
●Installed and configured Jenkins master and slave nodes. Built CI/CD pipeline and managed infrastructure as code Terraform and Ansible.
●Worked on Dockers container to create Docker images for different environments.
●Responsible for taking the source code and compiling it using maven and packaging it in its distributed format, such as a WAR file.
Environment: Amazon EC2, S3, RDS, VPC, ELB, EBS, Autoscaling, Unix/Linux, Redhat Linux 6, CentOS, Jenkins, Windows, Apache Tomcat, Shell scripts, Docker, Nagios, Puppet.

SAIC- DevOps Engineer
Suitland MD. August 2020-September 2021
Responsibilities:
Worked with Jenkins under the CI/CD pipeline providing continuous improvement to Agile development teams.
Experienced infrastructure as code and used them to provision AWS services like EC2, S3, IAM, ELB, VPC, EBS.
Experienced in setting up the build and deployment automation for Terraform scripts using Jenkins.
Worked on Python Boto3 scripts to Automate AWS services, including web servers VPC, ELB, RDS, EC2, IAM, S3 bucket, CloudFront Distribution and application configuration, this script created stacks, single servers or joins web to stacks.
Developed AWS CloudFormation templates to deploy complete stacks in multiple accounts. Developed Cloud-Init scripts to bootstrap newly created instances on Ansible server.
Developed Continuous Integration pipeline using Jenkins and developed various Bash and Python scripts for deploying the applications on to AWS Cloud and on-premises VMWare, vSphere infrastructure.
Developed Docker images using Dockerfile, worked on Docker containers snapshots and managed Docker Volumes.
Setup Docker to automate container deployment through Jenkins and worked on Docker containers to create Docker images for different environments.
Worked on Docker and Kubernetes on cloud providers, from helping developers build and containerized their applications (CI/CD) to deploying either on public or private cloud.
Implemented Blue/Green deployment to maintain zero downtime in deployment process to Tomcat, WebLogic and JBoss using Shell scripts and Python to log rotation of multiple logs from web servers and automating administration tasks.
Extensive working experience and design/plan, installation in various Linux 4/5/6/7 flavors (CentOS, RHEL, Ubuntu, Fedora, Solaris and Debian), Windows server 2008-R2/2012-R2, SUSE Linux 10/11, Sun Solaris 8/9/10.
Worked on web servers like Apache and application servers like web logic, Tomcat, Websphere, jBoss to deploy code and integrate with Jenkins for End-to-End automation for all build and deployments.
Configured ELK (Elasticsearch, Logstash, kibana) to analyze and visualize the application and system logs, configured Plunk forwarders to detect SSL certificate expirations and Nagios to detect Network latencies between systems.
Scheduled Splunk based Reports and Alerts to monitor the system health performance and breaches and maintain Splunk based native role and user creation.
Actively participated in scrum meetings, reporting the progress and maintained good communication with each team member and managers.
Involved in DevOps automation processes for build and deployment of a 3tier web architecture.
Worked with Ansible for the configuration and applications deployment by writing playbook to execute the various tasks.
Monitored RDS with Postgres, instances and Elastic Load Balancer for performance and availability.
Experienced in troubleshooting any issues generated during building and deployments.
Deployed configuration management and provisioning to AWS using Packer-Docker and Terraform, involved in automated deployment of EBS on to the AWS cloud EC2 server and automated the complete deployment environment on AWS.
Created multiple Terraform modules to manage configurations, applications, services and automate installation processes for webserver and AWS instances.
Installed Docker, created Dockerfile to create containers, and integrated Docker with Jenkins to do build on Docker containers and to achieve Continuous Delivery goal on high scalable environment.
Managed deployment automation using Packer-Docker and Terraform to automate system operations. Handled work from initial stage of development to create branches, made developers follow standards creating build scripts, labeling, automating the build process and deployment process by using Jenkins plugins.
Experienced with log analysis and performing root cause analysis for various issues coming up on daily basis.
Used New Relic for infrastructure monitoring. Worked for multiple environments, including non-production and production environments.
Performed Cronjobs on Jenkins (Wrote cronjob expression for Jenkins to trigger when there is push or modification of codes in repo).
Created and configured Application Load Balancer to effectively route and distribute traffic to specified EC2 instances.
Installed and configured monitoring tools like PLUNK for tracing the logs and maintained the code quality by using SonarQube.
Implemented and enhanced scripts which are developed Shell, and Python.
Implemented and maintained the monitoring and alerting of production and corporate servers/storage using CloudWatch.
Worked on user accounts, remove users, lock/unlock users in Linux and maintain Linux file system and support Red Hat Enterprise Linux servers and configurations, reporting and monitoring. Installation and configuration of Red Hat Enterprise on new server as well as during upgrade.
Implemented Logical Volume Manager (LVM), creating disk portions, setting up file systems and mounting the file systems and unmounting them.
Implemented Release schedules, communicated Release status, created Roll out Plans, tracked the Project Milestones, prepared the reports and chaired the Release calls and Worked for a successful Release of JIRA Application.
Created EC2, installed software, applications and other configuration files, created an image of the EC2, moved the EC2 to a different region to launch an EC2.
Environment: Git, Jenkins, JenkinsFile, Jenkins pipeline project, Packer, Docker, Terraform, Kubernetes, Python, Apache Tomcat, Maven, Dynamodb, Airflow, Ansible, JIRA, AWS, S3, IAM, EC2, ANT, Putty, Confluence, Maven.

FanDuel, New York, NY
AWS Solution Architect
June 2018 – July 2020
Responsibilities:
●Worked on AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to manage users and groups and use permissions to allow and deny their access to AWS resources like VPC, EC2, S3, RDS, and monitor EC2 instances on CPU utilization, disk space and created custom metrics for memory metrics using CloudWatch.
●Implemented AWS services like VPC, EC2, RDS, S3, Auto scaling, Elastic Load Balancer, CloudFront, Elastic Beanstalk, CloudWatch focusing on high-availability, fault tolerance and auto scaling in AWS cloud.
●Worked on migrating existing infrastructure to cost effective and highly available AWS cloud infrastructure and enhanced the storage options by migrating data to cloud S3, EBS using AWS snowball.
●Wrote a Cronjob on Jenkins pipeline to periodically run Terraform Plan to check for any changes or modifications to the in the of the infrastructure deployed.
●Experienced in working and deploying microservices and monitoring on various platforms like AWSECS, Kubernetes, Openshift. Developed Kubernetes pod definition, deployments and used Helm to version control complete deployment strategies.
●Experienced in writing CloudFormation templates to create EC2, ELBs, Route53, DNS, Auto scaling, Elasticsearch, VPC, Subnets, Securitygroup, CloudWatch, S3, IAM roles.
●Developed Docker images that encapsulated the various versions of the applications that was later deployed on the AWSECS by defining tasks and services, and configured launch configuration and Life Cycle Hooks to take care the autoscaling aspects in the container hosts on AWS.
●Managed development of robust Cloud platform sitting AWS architecture.
●Shared best practices and guided 15+ engineers while implementing infrastructure as code (IaC), using CloudFormation and Terraform.
●Perform day-to-day administration tasks like user Management, Space Monitoring, Performance Monitoring and tuning alert log monitoring and backup monitoring and System Performance of Virtual Memory, Managing Swap Space, Disk Utilization.
●Collaborated with 3 DevOps engineering teams to help with AWS Role Management and provisioning AWS resources.
●Support the development of new application features and improvements.
●Managed 50+ Linux servers with 99.9 uptime.
●Maintain automated CI/CD pipelines for code deployment.
●Developed system automating security update.

AWS Solution Architecture
CVS-Waukegan, IL. Remote
March 2017 – May 2018
Responsibilities
●Managed the transition between project planning and software deployment for 8 teams of 10 developers.
●Owned and operated 100% of code of all configurations and release management governance.
●Developed Jenkins pipeline which created the images of all the successful built and pushed them in the AWS ECR that was later consumed by Kubernetes cluster to do the rolling deployments by consuming the images.
●Worked with LAN/WAN, firewalls and routing for the internet connectivity using different protocols like TCP/IP, DHCP, HTTP/s, FTP, SMTP and SSH.
●Collaborated with Network admin to install, configure, secure and implement slave replication on DNS BIND servers.
●Installed, updated, and configured the necessary packages using RPM and YUM software and package management.
●Worked on writing scripts for automation, and monitoring using Shell (Power, bash, C and Ksh), Python and Perl scripts.
●Spearheaded 100% of code repositories in GitHub and set up automated CI/CD pipeline for all product lines.
●Mentored 30+ junior software engineers in gaining experience and assuming DevOps responsibilities.
●Deployed VPC with public subnet, private subnet, public route table, private route table, public EC2 (jumpbox or bastion server), private EC2, internet gateway. Deployed the NAT gateway in the public subnet for private EC2 to communicate with internet.
●Experienced in software development systems, including relevant languages and their related frameworks like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, Spring, Spring boot, Hibernate, Python.
●Firsthand experience with building servers and tools such as Jenkins. Worked on Jenkins for continuous integration and for end-to-end automation for all build and deployment.
●Implemented RedHat system over the network, implemented automated tasks through Cronjobs, resolving tickets according on priority basis.
●Created monitors, alarms and notifications for EC2 hosts using CloudWatch. Migrated applications to the AWS cloud. Involved in DevOps processes for build and deploy systems.
●Used AWS Beanstalk for deploying and scaling web applications and services developed with Java, PHP, Node.js, Python, Ruby, and Docker on familiar servers such as Apache, and IIS.
●Designed AWS Cloud Formation templates to create custom sized VPC, subnets, NAT gateway to ensure successful deployment of Web applications and database templates.
●Setup and build AWS infrastructure various resources, VPC EC2, S3, IAM, EBS, Security Group, Auto Scaling, and RDS in CloudFormation JSON templates.

Environment: AWS (EC2, VPC, ELB, S3, RDS, Cloud Trail and Route 53), VDI, Red Hat Linux, SSH, DHCP, FTP, Samba, TCP/IP Ansible, Git version Control, VPC, AWS EC2, S3, Route53, EBS, IAM, ELB, Cloud watch, Cloud Formation, AWS CLI, AWS Auto Scaling, Nagios, Subversion, Jenkins, Unix/Linux, Shell scripting.

Access Bank Plc, Lagos Nigeria
Database Administrator
January 2012-October 2016
Creating and maintaining database standards and policies
Supporting database design, creation, and testing activities
Managing the database availability and performance, management
Administering database objects to achieve optimum utilization.
Defining and implementing event triggers that will alert on potential database performance or integrity issues.
Performing database housekeeping, such as performance tuning, indexing, etc.
Identifying, reporting, and managing database security issues, audit trails, and forensics
Designing database backup, archiving, and storage strategy. Develops and configures tools to enable automation of database administration tasks.
Monitors performance statistics and create reports.
Identifies and investigates complex problems and issues and recommends corrective actions.
Performs routine configuration, installation, and reconfiguration of database and related products.
Identifies, evaluates, and manages the adoption of database administration tools and processes, including automation.
Develops and maintains procedures and documentation for databases. Contributes to the setting of standards for definition, security, and integrity of database objects and ensures conformance to these standards.
Manages database configuration including installing and upgrading software and maintaining relevant documentation.
Monitors database activity and resource usage. Optimizes database performance and plans for forecast resource needs.
Build database systems of high availability and quality depending on each end user’s specialized role.
Design and implement database in accordance to end users’ information needs and views.
Define users and enable data distribution to the right user, in appropriate format and in a timely manner.
Use high-speed transaction recovery techniques and backup data.
Minimized database downtime and managed parameters to provide fast query responses.
Provide proactive and reactive data management support and training to users.
Determine, enforce and document database policies, procedures and standards.
Perform tests and evaluations regularly to ensure data security, privacy and integrity.
Monitor database performance, implement changes and apply new patches and versions when required.

Environment: Oracle 10g,11g, RAC, ASM, Oracle Golden gate 11.2, Remedy, Toad, SQL Plus.

EDUCATION:
MSc in Information Technology, National Open university of Nigeria, 2015
B. Eng (Mechanical), University of Benin, Nigeria, 2003

CERTIFICATION:
Certified Project Management Professional (PMP), 2014
Oracle Database 10g Certified Professional (OCP), 2010
Oracle Database 10g Certified Associate (OCA), 2009
Contact this candidate