JOSHUA MOFIYINFOLUWA ADEWUNMI
https://www.linkedin.com/in/adewunmi-joshua/ • 916-***-**** • adwxsb@r.postjobfree.com • Fort Worth, TX Versatile results-oriented cloud engineer with professional and project experiences using Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure. Provides comprehensive expertise in development operations and proficiencies in: monitoring, security, automation, troubleshooting and continuous improvement and development. SKILLS
Software: Data Analysis Web Development Java Python DevOps Security Cloud Computing Hardware: Failure Analysis Troubleshooting Databases Tech Support Data Recovery Protocols Operating Systems: Windows SQL Linux Unix VMware EXPERIENCE
BANK MOBILE TECHNOLOGIES, Radnor, PA Jan 2022 – Jan 2023 DevOps Engineer
● Published existing BMTX websites to Azure Static Web Apps, resulting in saving $2,500 - $5,000 per month.
● Automated the process of running a SQL stored procedure to track the status of millions of customer perks for T-Mobile Money, saving the company from backlog issues with customers.
● Resolved 275 performance change requests that contributed to the improved quality of DevOps procedures for the company.
● Facilitated the transition of 6 marketing sites from Imperva to Wordpress using Azure App services and controlled dozens of resources and plugins to implement changes.
Whiting-Turner Contracting Co, Fort Worth, TX May 2020 – April 2021 Field Engineer/Superintendent
● Spearheaded civil, structural and architectural scheduling, meetings, and subcontractor coordination with 1500+ workers across three separate projects.
● Introduced a new activity tracking method to track progress, delays and contractor information contributing to the company division having the highest number of safety documentation from June-August (831). Grade Point Adewunmi, Fort Worth, TX June 2017 – June 2022 CEO/Founder
● Assisted 500+ students from every major Texas city school and partnered with 13 schools in the Lubbock/Fort Worth ISDs to provide 1000+ students with mentorship and tutoring. PROJECTS
AWS Connections Apr 2021 – Jan 2022
AWS DevOps Engineer
● Creation of CI/CD pipelines for microservices and integrated tools such as Maven, GitHub, SonarQube, Nexus, Docker, and Slack for immediate feedback for development teams. Azure DevOps Integrations May 2021 – Jan 2022
Azure DevOps Engineer
● Facilitated the automation of 11 Azure resources to work in tandem including: network, security, and monitoring measures.
EDUCATION
TEXAS TECH UNIVERSITY, Lubbock, Texas May 2020
Bachelor of Science in Construction Engineering, Minor: Mathematics, GPA: 3.4/4.0
● Relevant Coursework: Engineering Graphics Project Management Risk Assessment ADDITIONAL
● Languages: English and Yoruba (Fluent) Spanish (Conversational)
Contact this candidate