John Chuks Obuke
469-***-****
adwxq3@r.postjobfree.com

PERSONAL SYNOPSIS:

9+ years of extensive experience in the IT industry in Azure Cloud Devops and Data Analysis, design, development, and implementation of BI solutions and 4 years of extensive experience working in Finacial industry.
4+ years in practicing DevOps, Cloud Automation & Quality Engineering, Software Deployment..

Skilled Cloud Computing Engineer has exceptional development ability and extensive knowledge of Cloud Computing Technology.
Utilized CloudFormation and Terraform to deploy Azure Infrastructures across CI/CD pipelines while integrating DevOps to enable rapid building and testing functions for customer microservices with minimal cost and errors.
Strong experience on Administration and troubleshooting of Azure IAAS Components - VM's, Storage, VNET, NSG, Availability sets, Site to site VPN.

Working Experience in Software Development Life Cycles.

Highly Proficient in understanding business processes / requirements and translating them into technical requirements.

Hands on experience in tableau Involved in design and development of visualizations which includes Preparing Dashboards using calculations, parameters, calculated fields, groups, sets and hierarchies.

Extensive Experience in various Tableau Desktop reporting features like Measures, dimensions, Hierarchies, Extract, filters, Table Calculation, calculated fields, Sets, Groups, Parameters, Forecasting, blending and Trend lines.

Working in Business Intelligence reports development efforts by working closely with database team.

Actively involved in testing

KEY EXPERTISE
DEVOPS ENGINEERING
TECHNICAL DEPLOYMENT
AZURE AUTOMATION & OPTIMIZATIONS
AZURE NETWORKING
AZURE SITE RECOVERY
AZURE RESOURCE MANAGEMENT
AZURE AD IDENTITY AND ACCESS MANAGEMENT
AZURE LANDING ZONE
AZURE LOGIC APP AND FUNCTION APP
SCOPE ALIGNMENT & QA
TROUBLESHOOTING & MAINTENANCE
ROOT-CAUSE ANALYSIS
CROSS-FUNCTIONAL COLLABORATION
AGILE SCRUM
PROBLEM SOLVING
TABLEAU DEVELOPMENT
BUSINESS ANALYTICS

TECHNOLOGIES / TOOLS
TABLEAU
DEVOPS
MSPOWERPOINT
MS EXCEL

CERTIFICATIONS
Azure Administration Associate
Tableau Desktop Specialist

TECHNICAL SKILLS
MICROSOFT AZURE, DEVOPS, CONTINUOUS INTEGRATION, DEPLOMENTS, AGILE SCRUM, INTEGRATION, SECURITY, TROUBLESHOOT, DOCKER, GITHUB, TERRAFORM, POWER SHELL, TOMCAT, SONARQUBE, BIT BUCKET, AZURE CLOUD SHELL, LINUX, AZURE STORAGE, KUBERNETES, PUBLIC CLOUD, AZURE LOGIC APPS, ORACLE, RDS, TABLEAU ETC.

OPERATING SYSTEMS
WINDOWS UNIX/LINUX

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Marketing degree from Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Nigeria. 2008

EXPERIENCE:

Citibank - Irving, TX September 2020 - Present
Azure Cloud Engineer/Admin

Responsibilities:

Configured and optimized Azure networking resources, including virtual networks, load balancers, and security groups.
Implemented Azure security best practices, including Azure Security Center, Azure AD authentication and authorization, and network security groups.
Set up and configured Azure Automation runbooks and workflows to automate routine Azure management tasks.
Implemented disaster recovery and business continuity strategies, including Azure Site Recovery and Azure Backup.
Troubleshot Azure issues and resolved technical problems in a timely manner.
Managed Azure subscriptions and accounts, including monitoring and managing Azure costs and budgets.
Developed PowerShell scripts to automate Azure management tasks and improve efficiency.
Manages Azure resources in cloud and maintain Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline for fast paced robust application development environment. Serve as a member of on boarding team, implementing DevOps transformation by working with Agile teams to migrate applications to Azure platform.
Utilized CloudFormation and Terraform to deploy Azure Infrastructures across CI/CD pipelines while integrating DevOps to enable rapid building and testing functions for customer microservices with minimal cost and errors.
Working with DevOps practices using Cloud Azure,Terraform, Ansible, Docker with Kubernetes.
Developing ARM templates and deploying Azure IaaS components/Services.
Partnering with software development teams to troubleshoot production issues.
Designs, plans, and integrates cloud computing and virtualization systems using infrastructure as code and modern cloud-native deployment techniques such as DevOps and/or DevSecOps.
Develops automation scripts for efficient deployment and operations of cloud environments.
Experience in dealing with windows Azure services - Virtual Networks, Virtual Machines, Resource Groups, VPN, Load Balancing, Auto Scaling, Azure monitoring, Traffic Manager.
Configured VMs availability sets using Azure portal to provide resiliency for IaaS based solution and scale sets using Azure Resource Manager to manage network traffic
Deployed Azure IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and Cloud services (PaaS role instances) into secure VNets and subnets.
Setting up Azure active directory permissions for the Team and managing all infrastructure support services.
Setup repos on Azure Git, merging code from develop branch to master branch and make it ready for deployment.
Created WebApps (PaaS solutions) on Azure portal for deploying web applications using Azure DevOps pipelines.
Worked extensively on configuring, installing and migrating VM Servers between different clusters.
Performed design, deployment, configuration, and maintenance of scalable Cloud infrastructure with an intense focus on Quality and Security.
Implemented Release management workflow for QA, UAT and Prod environments.
Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds when conditions were not met.
Experience in Implementing a CI/CD pipeline/Release pipeline using Azure DevOps with Azure Repo, MS Build, Docker, Maven along with Jenkins’s plugins.

Environment: Azure Cloud, AWS Cloud, Tableau, Tableau Server, MYSQL Server, MS SQL, Excel, JIRA/Confluence, MS Office.

AppsTek Corp - Addison, TX April 2019 - September 2020
Azure Devops Engineer

Responsibilities:

Experience and demonstrated ability utilizing Azure DevOps/Azure Cloud.
Strong understanding of CI/CD and experience with industry standard solutions.
Strong programming and scripting knowledge, e.g. Python, PowerShell, Linux shell, Bash.
Familiarity with software configuration management systems and source code version control systems (Git).
Strong communication skills to gather requirements from the development teams and to train the teams in the workflow and processes.
Good technical understanding of large-scale server and cloud infrastructures.
Azure Development/Deployment including ARM Templates and Azure functions is preferred.
Experience with some of the following is ideal: Azure IaaS (VM/VMAS/VMSS), Elemental Azure services, Jira.
Manages Azure resources in cloud and maintain Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline for fast paced robust application development environment. Serve as a member of on boarding team, implementing DevOps transformation by working with Agile teams to migrate applications to Azure platform
Developing ARM templates and deploying Azure IaaS components/Services.
Developed narratives that describe the technical process in business terms.
Develop CI/CD pipelines for deploying services/Azure components.
Partnering with others within the engineering department to bring on-prem applications into the cloud.
Assess existing environments for opportunities to simply, automate or bring efficiency to technical processes.
Develops automation scripts for efficient deployment and operations of cloud environments.
Designs, plans, and integrates cloud computing and virtualization systems using infrastructure as code and modern cloud-native deployment techniques such as DevOps and/or DevSecOps.

Environment: Azure Cloud, AWS Cloud, Tableau, MYSQL Server, MS SQL, Oracle 10g, Oracle 11g, Excel, JIRA/Confluence, UNIX, MS Office.

Comcast, Wayne, PA July 2018 - March 2019
Azure Devops Engineer

Responsibilities:

Manages Azure resources in cloud and maintain Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline for fast paced robust application development environment. Serve as a member of on boarding team, implementing DevOps transformation by working with Agile teams to migrate applications to Azure platform.
Engineer and integrate an event-driven architecture with notification, logging, visualization, and analysis features, effectively informing and assisting relevant parties in resolving pertinent issues.
Setup repos on Azure Git, merging code from develop branch to master branch and make it ready for deployment.
Migrated legacy applications to Microsoft Azure Cloud PaaS by setting up CI/CD pipelines on AzureDevOps
Created WebApps (PaaS solutions) on Azure portal for deploying web applications using Azure DevOps pipelines.
Created nightly builds with integration to code quality tools such as SonarQube, Veracode.
Helped teams to reduce defects rate by 30% by introducing TDD in first 3 months.
Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds when conditions were not met.
Set up the SonarLint plug-ins in developer’s workstation for detecting defects early during development.
Built and deployed Docker containers to break up monolithic app into micro services, improving developer workflow, increasing scalability, and optimizing speed.
Implemented Release management workflow for QA, UAT and Prod environments.
Prepared and presented SCM best practices for implementing continuous integration for the team.

Environment: Azure Cloud, AWS Cloud, Tableau Desktop, MS Excel, Power Point, Microsoft Power Query,MS SQL, JIRA

AON, Chicago, IL Jan 2018 - June 2018
Tableau Developer

Responsibilities:

Gathering business requirements from various users of different Departments.

Building, publishing customized interactive reports and dashboards, report scheduling using Tableau server.

Created action filters, parameters, and calculated sets for preparing dashboards and worksheets in Tableau.

Effectively used data blending feature in tableau.

Defined best practices for Tableau report development.

Administered user, user groups, and scheduled instances for reports in Tableau. Executed and tested required queries and reports before publishing.

Mastered the ability to design and deploy rich Graphic visualizations with Drill Down and Drop-down menu option and Parameterized using Tableau.

Created side by side bars, Scatter Plots, Stacked Bars, Heat Maps, Filled Maps and Symbol Maps according to deliverable specifications.
Consistently attended meetings with the Client subject matter experts to acquire functional business requirements to build SQL queries that would be used in dashboards to satisfy the business’s needs.

Worked in Tableau environment to create dashboards like weekly, monthly, daily reports using tableau desktop & publish them to server.

Created Custom Hierarchies to meet the Business requirement in Tableau.

Environment: Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server, MS Excel, Power Point, MS ProjectMS SQL Server, Agile, JIRA

First Citizen Bank, Roseville, CA April 2015 - Dec 2017
Tableau Developer

Responsibilities:

Created Dashboards for various fields like Consumer Banking for reporting purpose.

Created Dashboard to analyze the trends for Market, Region and Branch wise for the Regional Manager to interact and filter on a branch in the Dashboard.

Enhanced the dashboard with nested sorting feature, and URL links to apply the lock filter on a specific product and navigate around the dashboard.

Published data sources & scheduled data refresh on Tableau Server for weekly and monthly increments based on business change to ensure that the views and dashboards were displaying the changed data accurately.

Participated in meetings, reviews, and user group discussions and business groups for data driven decision requirements to create multiple Dashboards and being able to navigate from one Dashboard to another.
Environment: SQL Server, ETL, Ms Excel, Power Point, Tableau Desktop

Win-Trust, Chicago. IL April 2013 - March 2015
OBIEE Developer/Tableau Developer

Responsibilities

Works closely with team members to migrate reports from OBIEE to Tableau and that includes building new data sources in Tableau, and re-creating OBIEE dashboards in Tableau.
Develops reports and complex dashboards and data visualizations using Tableau.
Developed Dashboards using Calculations, Sets &amp, Bins in Tableau. Used Tableau Desktop and analyze and obtain insights into large data sets. Created Parameters to achieve desired functionality.

Created Dashboards utilizing the features like Hierarchy, Functions and Table Calculation.

Implemented Binning & blending concepts in my Tableau Reports. Managed Ad-hoc requests from raw data.

Publishing sheets and dashboards on server Using Tableau Desktop.
Experience with creation of users, groups, projects, workbooks, and the appropriate permission

Sets for Tableau server logons and security checks.

End to End process involvement from gathering client business requirements, developing the dashboard in Tableau, and publishing the dashboard into server.

Developed a user authentication dashboard through Tableau to get the desired output.

Environment: Ms Excel, Power point, Tableau desktop.
Contact this candidate