GAVHAR UMAR
adx2hr@r.postjobfree.com 224-***-**** Chicago, IL 60290
Summary DevOps Engineer with extensive years of experience in working with automation, configuration management and orchestration tools in cloud environment. Practiced implementing core DevOps concepts such as containerization, Infrastructure as a Code and automation with tools such as Docker, Terraform and Kubernetes. Utilized CI/CD pipelines using GitHub Actions to deploy applications on various environments.
Certifications CKA
CKAD
Terraform associate
Azure Fundamentals
AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate
AWS Cloud Practitioner
Licensed ARDMS
Projects Deployed Java and Python applications with Helm and Terraform and integrated with GitHub Actions for Continuous Integration and Deployment. Deployed Grafana and Prometheus to collect metrics from Kubernetes and Kubernetes components.
Deployment of new infrastructures with Terraform
Implemented Hashicorp Vault on Kubernetes systems
Skills AWS
Google Cloud
Kubernetes
Docker
CI/CD
GidHub Actions
Ansible
Terraform
Grafana
Prometheus
Datadog
Linux
Vault
SonarQube
Python script
Experience DevOps Engineer 02/2022 - Current
McKesson Chicago, IL
Maintained Kubernetes clusters on Google Cloud Platform using Helm and Terraform. Implemented and managed CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins for software development projects Configured Jenkins pipelines for build, test, and deployment workflows, and integrated with Git for version control
Built maintained Docker container by using Jenkins Pipeline Monitored Kubernetes resources with Prometheus, Grafana. Deployed Nginx Controller with Helm charts.
Deployed applications for QA, DEV, PROD environments using Jenkins/GitHub Actions. G
U
Created Dockerfiles, built Docker Images for microservices to run on Kubernetes platform. Implemented Datadog for monitoring Kubernetes resources. Release applications with GitHub Actions and Helm
Monitored server health checkups for running processes, CPU utilization, Memory utilization . Built and implemented Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment solutions with GitHub Actions, Kubernetes, Terraform and Ansible. Created Python and Bash scripts for automating r tasks in a Linux environment DevOps Engineer 10/2019 - 11/2021
Capgemini US LLC Chicago, IL
Migrated applications to Kubernetes.
Managed Kubernetes on Google Cloud Platform and AWS. Implemented Docker based micro-service deployments using Helm Charts Build and implemented Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment solutions with Git. Focused on automation and infrastructure management with Terraform Created Python and Bash scripts for automating
Cloud Engineer 03/2018 - 11/2019
Uline Pleasant Prairie, WI
Participated in planning, maintaining and architecting infrastructure on Amazon Web Services Monitored and tested application performance to identify potential bottlenecks, develop solutions, and collaborate with developers on solution implementation. Managed and monitored applications for highest level of availability. Worked on AWS ASG providing high availability for applications and EC2 instances based on load.
Experienced on AWS EC2 Instances creation, setting up VPC, launching EC2 instances on private and public subnets based on the requirements Managed IAAC through AWS Cloudformation and Terraform Wroted and tested Ansible playbooks to cofigure and perform tasks on remote machine Registered Ultrasound Technologist 01/2012 - 01/2018 Jackson Park Hospital Chicago, IL
Captured and developed images following physicians' orders allowing proper diagnosis and treatment.
Reduced patients' anxiety and enhanced cooperation by educating on procedure details, instructions and expectations.
Modified existing software systems to enhance performance and add new features. Calibrated, troubleshot or repaired equipment and corrected malfunctions. Education and
Training
Traning: Information Technology Project Management 03/2017 Evolve Cyber Chicago, IL
Medical Insurance Coding 05/2010
Westwood College - O'Hare Airport Chicago, IL
Diagnostic Medical Sonography 01/2007
Medical Career Institute Chicago IL
Master of Arts 05/1995
Uzbek State World Language University Tashkent, Uzbekistan
Contact this candidate