Adebisi Adeleye
Location: Albertville, MN Mobile: +1-414-***-**** Email: adxeim@r.postjobfree.com Key Qualifications:
Over 7years of IT experience in cloud, as well as enterprise environments, with focus on Cloud Architecting, Build and Release Management, Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment, Linux Systems Administration, Windows Server Administration.
Experienced in CloudFormation creation to automate provisioning of defined infrastructure and services in AWS Cloud
Automated cloud solutions with Bash Scripting, YAML deployed over SSH, AWS CLI, and IDEs like VSC, Cloud9.
Experienced in architecting and securing services on AWS cloud with IAM, KMS, EMR, CloudTrail, CloudWatch, SQS, SNS, NACL, Elastic Beanstalk, CloudFormation, EC2, S3, Glacier, EBS, VPC, ASG, ALB, RDS.
Experienced in CloudFormation and Terraform as IaC, to provision AWS Infrastructure and services
Experienced in artifact containerization and deployment with Docker, and orchestration of containers with Kubernetes.
Used Ansible to create custom playbooks in YAML, to manage configuration and deployment of applications in servers.
Integrated Jenkins with Git, Maven, Sonarqube, Jfrog, Docker, Ansible, Kubernetes, to enable CI/CD using declarative pipeline.
Experienced in installing, configuring, supporting, and troubleshooting Linux services and protocols like HTTPD, DNS, NFS, DHCP, NAS, FTP, FIREWALLD, SSH.
Skills:
Cloud Environments: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure (only basic).
Integrated Development Environment (IDE): Cloud9, VSCode.
Configuration Management Tool: Ansible.
Containerization Tools: Docker, Kubernetes.
Operating Systems: Amazon Linux, Ubuntu, Centos, RHEL, Windows Server.
Automation Tools: Jenkins, Terraform, CloudFormation.
Web Servers: IIS, Nginx, Apache HTTPD, Tomcat.
Scripting languages: Bash Shell, YAML, JSON.
Version Control System: GIT, GitHub, Bitbucket, CodeCommit.
Monitoring Tools: CloudWatch, Prometheus & Grafana. Professional Experience:
Abt Associates, Minneapolis, Mn, United States. April 2020 – Present DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities
Use Terraform as code to provision infrastructure environment on AWS, Improved deployment process within AWS, and developed application features.
Setup repos for Github, merging code from develop branch to master branch to make it ready for deployment.
Design and implement CICD pipeline with Jenkins, integrate various tools, like SonarQube, Microsoft team and Nexus.
Integrated GitHub with Jenkins and scheduled Cron jobs periodically using poll SCM and wrote CI/CD pipeline in Groovy scripts to enable automation of build and deployment using Jenkins.
Assist in scaling infrastructure using DevOps best practices.
Automate deployment to staging environment before manually deploying to production.
Responsible for build and deployment automation using AWS, Docker Containers, Kubernetes.
Build and maintain observability and alerting across application and infrastructure.
Automation of manual tasks using scripting like Bash, YAML, Python
Identify bottlenecks in the development process and implement solutions.
Work with developers to optimize applications for performance and scale.
Administer AWS resources and provide guidance on utilization.
Ensure we are releasing code safely, securely and frequently.
Investigate and adopt new technologies/tools as needs arise.
Monitoring of servers using Cloudwatch and Prometheus & Grafana to ensure no downtime in application.
Granting user groups to assign permissions to IAM users Grant least privilege
Configuring strong password policy for users and Enable MFA. Environment: AWS, Linux, Java, Python, Maven, SonarQube, Jfrog, Jenkins, Shell scripting, Docker, Ansible, Kubernetes, Cloudwatch, Prometheus & Grafana.
C.H Robinson, Milwaukee, WI, United States. April 2018 – April 2020 AWS Cloud Engineer
Worked in Amazon management console to create and administer Users, Groups, Account Policies, Roles on IAM.
Designs high availability and business continuity using self-healing-based architectures, fail-over routing policies, multi-AZ deployment of EC2 instances, ELB health checks, Auto Scaling and other disaster recovery models.
Manually created EC2, Security Groups, Autoscaling Groups, Application Load Balancers, Launch Templates, etc.
Used Management Console to install requisite infrastructure such as S3 bucket, RDS, Route53.
Deep Experience with Monolithic and Micro-Services applications architecture.
Built secure, highly available, redundant and resilience architectures on AWS with auto scaling & Elastic Load Balancer.
Bootstrapped and initiated SSH connection that installed and managed services on Linux EC2: Apache Tomcat, HTTPD.
Set up Life Cycle Policies for creation of new snapshots, deletion of old snapshots, to move data from S3 to Glacier, etc.
Defined CIDR blocks, public subnets, private subnets, bastion host, IGW, Route Tables, to build VPC from scratch.
Installed & configured IGW, Route Tables for public facing subnets and NAT for private-facing subnets on AWS VPCs.
Architected and implemented cloud solution for data migration from On-Prem to AWS Cloud.
Configured and managed AWS Services including EC2, RDS, VPC, S3, Glacier, CloudFront, and Route 53.
Implemented Security best practices at Instance, Subnet and VPC levels to secure cloud infrastructure by implementing Security groups and NaCLs.
Focused on attainment of high-availability, fault tolerance, and auto scaling using AWS CloudFormation.
Assigned EIP, configured Health Checks, deployed RDS across multiple AZs for High Availability Architecture.
Created virtual private cloud, (VPC) on AWS that supports DEV, TEST, and PROD environments.
Configured NACL inbound and outbound rules to achieve network layer security on VPC. Conley Media, Milwaukee, WI, United States April 2016– April 2018 Linux administrator
Setting up new users and giving them access.
Managing and maintaining the file servers.
Operating the firewall for the organization.
Monitoring the internet connection for security risks.
Employing the latest security protocol.
Monitoring the local area network (LAN) for threats or errors.
Monitor server performance and availability.
Install and move servers and storage equipment.
Interface with support vendors.
Working closely with application developers, tech managers and business analysts.
Developing new solutions.
Fixing outstanding issues.
Education:
Yabatech
Bachelor of science (BSc) October 2011
Geo-informatics
Certification:
AWS Certified DevOps Engineer
Contact this candidate