KS
KATERYNA SHVAIKOVSKA
adxfc5@r.postjobfree.com 808-***-**** 91-6221 Kapolei Pkwy #305, Ewa Beach, HI 96797 Analytical, committed individual and reliable team member. Continuously learning and acquiring new knowledge and skills. Experience in building diﬀerent projects using a wide range of technologies. OS: CentOS, Ubuntu, Amazon Linux
Containerization: Docker, Kubernetes
Automation: Terraform, Jenkins, Ansible
Scripting: Bash, Python
Cloud: AWS (EC2, VPC, S3, EBS, ELB, RDS, IAM,
CloudWatch...)
Monitoring: Datadog
Coinbase Remote
Site Reliability Engineer
08/2021 - Current
Build and maintain global cloud infrastructure on AWS. Automate and maintaining state of the art monitoring and logging tools. Develop traﬃc infrastructure for eﬃciently and securely routing requests. Managing release process, versioning and CI/CD.
Establishing reliability guidelines and ensuring systems meet our goals around durability, availability and performance.
Collaborated with developers to resolve service interruption problems Proactively looking for opportunities to improve eﬃciency and quality of our systems
Collaborate with SREs and developers to resolve service interruption problems
Daily stand-up meetings
STEM Solutions, LLC Wakeﬁeld, MA
Cloud Engineer
03/2019 - 07/2021
Implemented cloud policies, managed technology requests and maintained service availability.
Boosted cloud development by creating functions, applications and databases for users.
Collaborated with architects and engineers to design networks, systems and storage environments that reﬂected business needs, security speciﬁcations and service level requirements.
Performed best practices by creating systems with fast load times, multiple browser support and minimal memory usage.
Conﬁgured computing, networking and security systems within cloud environment.
Selected appropriate AWS service based on compute, data or security requirements.
Developed scripts to automate deployment and maintenance of public cloud resources.
WayToFly LLC Las Vegas, NV Conﬁgured and updated Linux servers with latest releases and patches. Summary
Skills
Experience
Linux System Administrator
02/2017 - 03/2019
Conﬁgured, tested and managed software installations. Performed patch, update, security scanning and conﬁguration to meet OS performance mandates.
Oversaw Linux system administration and conﬁguration maintenance governing user access, privacy and data integrity. Maintained minimum organizational performance threshold for Linux server-based operations.
Reduced service backlog by resolving daily tickets eﬃciently. Implemented network security improvements to resolve vulnerabilities. Provided eﬀective resolutions to issues and escalated problems with knowledgeable support and quality service.
Zaporizhzhya National University Ukraine
MBA in Law
05/2013
Zaporizhzhya National University Ukraine
Bachelor in Law
05/2010
English:
Full Professional
Ukrainian:
Native/ Bilingual
Russian:
Native/ Bilingual
Polish:
Professional
Education and Training
Languages
Contact this candidate