JOHNNY LAVENDERCLOUDENGINEER
Ph: 661-***-**** Email: adxfmx@r.postjobfree.com Location: San Diego, CA

Skilled cloud engineer with a successful record in cloud technology within enterprise environments. Skilled in leveraging cloud technology for enterprise solutions. Adept professional with experience working in the high pace agile cloud environments.

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS
Customer Service
Technical Support
Analytical
Problem Solving
Adaptability
Team Building
Project Management
Process Development
Business Development
Planning Strategic
Training and Development

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Azure Compute and networking
Azure AD, Applications
Azure AD, Office 365
Azure Functions
Azure DevOps, Key vaults
Azure Security
Visio, Remedy, ARM Templates
Continuous Integration
Azure Databases and Billing
Cost Management
CompTIA A+
CompTIA Network+
SSO, MFA PowerShell
Office 365 Applications
SharePoint, TEAMS
SaaS, PaaS, IaaS

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
MILITARY FELLOWSHIP 2023-PRESENT
BIOCOM- SAN DIEGO, CA (REMOTE)
Acquired CompTIA A+ and Network+ experience
Learned about multiple switch deployment, email migration, firewall deployment, zoom implementation, laptop configuration, hardware and WIFI network setup.
Understood how to manage configuration and enterprise deployment of Office 365 for multiple accounts

CLOUD ENGINEER TRAINEE 2021-2022
CLOUD TECH- SAN DIEGO, CA (REMOTE)
Deploy Azure IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and Cloud services (PaaS role instances) into secure VNets and subnets.
Design VNets Working as Cloud Administrator on Microsoft Azure, involved in configuring virtual machines, storage accounts, resource groups.
Set and RBAC for role management of Azure resources
Remote login to Virtual Machines to troubleshoot, monitor and deploy applications.
Ability to work independently on tasks, develops own work, schedule, and monitors progress against defined parameters.
Troubleshoot and identify performance, connectivity and other issues for the applications hosted in Azure platform
Implement highly available and disaster recovery solutions in Azure to meet the customer SLA requirements
Set-up security groups in Azure AD and user management along with SSO and MFA
Convert existing Virtual Machine from Standard to Premium Storage Account. Patching and validating of Virtual Machine in Azure.
Coordinating with Microsoft for increasing subscription limit like- Core limit and Cloud Services. Handling and Resolving Client's Issues remotely.
Set-up Azure Insights for web applications along with build Visual metrics or the insights
and subscriptions to confirm to Azure Network Limits. Exposed Virtual machines and cloud services in the VNets to the Internet using Azure External Load Balancer.
Develop and implement monitoring, backup and archival solutions in Azure to support customer requirements
Handled escalated Support tickets till closure for MS Azure IaaS platform.
Exposed to working with various issue severities, engaging specialized teams, close deadlines.
Provided technical support for the end-users that included application access and application training.
Proactively identify potential issues as a departmental expert and collaborate with cross-functional partners to mitigate issues and risks by planning/implementing solutions with a sense of urgency.
Gathered project requirements from stakeholders and worked to with engineers to deploy technical projects.
Knowledge of unit, component integration, system integration and user acceptance testing
Analyzed and propose KPI Improvements in line with the overall objectives.
Proficient in analytic and problem-solving skills always a self-starter.
Office 365 including SharePoint, MS Teams, Azure AD

PEER NAVIGATOR 2021-2022
CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY OF BAKERSFIELD – Bakersfield, CA
Helped students with campus and community resources that support students’ academic success and basic needs by providing phone, in person, and email referrals.
Educated students about available services, including counseling and medical resources
Assisted students in developing an individualized plan to meet their academic and social goals
Conducted student surveys to gauge satisfaction with services provided by project rebound and CSUB
Providing emotional support to students who are having difficulty adjusting to school or life at home
Adhere to all aspects of FERPA and student confidentiality guidelines.
Provide awareness to alumni about the evolution on the university since their attendance and promote charity.
Administrative Program Support & Special Projects
Input and monitor current student retention data and document

FIRE DIRECTION CONTROL SPECIALIST
US ARMY – Killeen, TX
Integrated and processed tactical battlefield information from multiple sensors and users through joint automated battle command systems and the Army network.
Managed database, operated communication systems and worked with data system operations to execute fire missions for target locations.
Utilized computer systems and specialized software to analyze intelligence data, plan and provide solutions for fire missions/
Coordinated and provided direction for fire support including rockets, missiles and artillery using advanced technology.
Used digital map displays, GPS, laser target and range finders to maximize accuracy of fire implementation and limit collateral damage.

EDUCATION & TRAINING

CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY OF BAKERSFIELD – Bachelor of Science, Psychology
Deans List, Cum Laude Graduate, 3.6 GPA
Microsoft Azure Certified – Azure Administrator
Certified Scrum Master – Scrum Institute
Microsoft Office 365 Training – Microsoft Certificate
Microsoft Azure Security and Compliance Training – Microsoft Certificate
Microsoft Azure Identity Management Training – Microsoft Certificate
Azure IAAS & PAAS Training – Microsoft
US Army – Fort Hood Military Base, Killeen, TX
US Army Platoon Leadership Development – Fort Hood Military Base, Killeen, TX
Business Certification – Coastline Community College, Hankerer School of Business, Newport Beach, CA
Career Readiness Certification – Baylor University, Waco, TX
Associates in Arts, Criminal Justice – Shasta Community College, Redding, CA
Peer Mentor Certification – Cerro Coso Community College, Ridgecrest, CA
Associates in Arts, Social and Behavioral Science – 3.8 GPA
Associates in Arts, Arts and Humanities – 3.8 GPA, 2017 Phi Theta Kappa Honors
Associates in Arts, Psychology – 3.8 GPA, 2018-2019 President’s List
Contact this candidate