Venkateswara K
Phone: +1-470-***-**** Mail Id: adxjom@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY:

10+ years of professional IT experience and over 7+ years of strong experience in Salesforce.com (SFDC) as Administrator with Salesforce University 5x Certified professional.
Working on various phases of Software development life cycle (SDLC) including Requirement gathering and Analysis, Implementation, Deployment, Maintenance.
Worked on projects implementation using software development methodologies like Agile and Scrum Methodologies.
Professional Experienced in administration, configuration, and Implementation of Salesforce.
Experience with Salesforce Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Community Cloud, and Insurance for Financial Service Cloud.
Extensive experience in Salesforce CPQ with strong emphasis on configurators, product rules, pricing rules and advanced approvals.
Extensive experience in working with CPQ objects like Quote, Quoteline, Order, Order Product, Subscription, Asset, Contract etc.
Extensive experience in creating Custom objects, Custom fields, Page layouts, Validation Rules, Custom Tabs, Report folders, Report extractions to various formats and Email Generation as per the project requirements.
Strong experience in generating Salesforce Reports and Dashboards.
Experience in implementing the Many-to-many, Look-up, Master-Detail relationships and automating the business Processes using Approval Process, Workflows, Process Builder, Lightning Flow Builder, Escalation Rules and Auto-Response Rules.
Strong hands-on experience with Salesforce Security setup using Profiles, Permission Sets, Role Hierarchy and Sharing Rules.
Proficient in Data Migration from Traditional Applications to Salesforce Using Data Loader, Import Wizard, Workbench, etc.
Experience in managing Sandbox and Production environments which include creating and refreshing sandbox from time to time and deployment in between sandbox and production by using ANT migration Tool and Change set.

Technical Skills:

CRM
Salesforce.com
Salesforce Technologies
Salesforce SFA, Apex Language, Apex Classes/Controllers, Apex Triggers, SOQL, SOSL, Visualforce Pages/Components, Aura Framework, Lightning pages (Pages, Component & Controllers), Lightning Web Components (LWC), Workflow & Approvals, Dashboards, Case Management Automation, Custom Objects, Sandbox development and Testing.
Salesforce Tools
Apex Data loader, GitHub, Eclipse IDE Plug-in, Force.com, Eclipse, Apex Explorer, Offline Edition, App Exchange SSO, Command Line Data Loader, Lightning Controllers, Force.com Platform (Sandbox, and Production).
Languages
Apex, Java
Web Technologies
HTML, CSS, Java Script

SDLC
Agile methodology / Scrum, Waterfall methodology
Operating Systems
Windows and Linux

Education:
Bachelor’s – Jawaharlal Technological University-2011

Certifications:
Salesforce Certified Administrator
Salesforce Certified CPQ Specialist

Professional Experience:
Revionics, Austin May 2018 – March 2023
Salesforce CPQ Specialist

Responsibilities:
Supported relevant documentation: business requirement document (BRD), functional requirements document (FRD), UML diagrams - use cases, sequence diagrams, process flow charts, and prototypes
Designed, developed, and deployed the Custom objects, Page layouts, Custom tabs, Components, Visual Force Pages, Apex classes & Triggers to suit to the needs of the application.
Performed CPQ related configuration for product setup, approval matrices, approval rules, process builders and flows.
Built CPQ Quoting & Product Configuration and pricing for Revionics retail Sales. Revionics has a large family of products with many dependent components and added products at individual SKU level.
Built several price rules to build the discounting logic and reduce the complexity of the existing process.
Implemented various advanced fields like Pick list, Custom Formula Fields, Field Dependencies, Validation Rules, sharing rules and Approval Processes for automated alerts, field updates, and Email generation according to application requirements.
Implemented the Web Services through WSDL in Salesforce.com for outbound messaging.
Worked on various Salesforce objects link Accounts, Contacts, Opportunities, Cases, Quote Line, Quote, Product, Subscription, Order, Order Product etc.
Basic Knowledge of salesforce triggers as part of application development.
Migrated applications from Sandbox to various other environments including production using Copado.
Created and maintained of reports to support the business in both SalesForce and CPQ
Environment: Saleforce.com platform, Apex, Lightning Application, Visual Force, Data Loader, SOQL, SOSL, Apex Triggers, Workflow rules, Dashboards, Reports, Custom Tabs, Email Templates, HTML, Java Script, Eclipse IDE

British Petroleum, UK Sep 2015 – May 2018
Salesforce Administrator

Responsibilities:

Interacted with business users for requirements gathering, analysis, design and development.
Worked on CPQ managed Package by creating Price Rules, Product Bundling, Quotes and Quote Templates.
Good Hands-on Experience on Term based, and Master Evergreen based Renewal Contracts.
Created Price Rules using Lookup Tables and Summary Variables.
Created Advance Approvals, Dynamic Approvals, and Smart Approvals from Scratch.
Used SOQL, and SOSL relationship queries to retrieve data from salesforce and following best practices to optimize data retrieval.
Created relationships among objects using Lookup, Master-detail, and Junction Objects relationships.
Worked on CPQ managed Package by creating Price Rules, Product Bundling, Quotes and Quote Templates.
Hands on experience with CPQ Advance approval process that has dynamic approvers.
Created Price Rules, Price Actions, Product rules, Custom Actions, Discount Tiers and Discount schedules.
Hands on experience in troubleshooting the CPQ Quote to order to contract to subscription
Created CPQ quote templates with Template Sections that contain dynamic filters.
Worked on CPQ production support having 1500+ users
Hands on Experience on Sales Cloud, Service Cloud and Marketing Cloud.
Environment: Saleforce.com platform, Apex, Lightning Application, Visual Force, Data Loader, SOQL, SOSL, Apex Triggers, Workflow rules, Dashboards, Reports, Custom Tabs, Email Templates, HTML, Eclipse IDE

TechVibes Info Systems Nov 2012 – Sep 2015
DevOps Administrator

Responsibilities:

●Worked as cloud Engineer to set up required infrastructure on AWS cloud environment.
●Experienced CD-CD pipeline Setup for variety of applications.
●Patching servers as part monthly activities via automated runbook (Rundeck).
●Implemented monitoring tools on instances in order to make sure systems 24/7 availability.
●Worked on creating Build and Deployment of CI/CD pipelines, managing projects often includes tracking multiple deployments across multiple pipeline stages (Dev, Test/QA staging and production).
●Worked on Git, GitHub, Docker, AWS, TFS, Octopus.
●Knowledge on AWS Networking Core components and Load Balancing.
●Troubleshoot application issues raised by DEV & QA Team and to make sure that application is always up & running.
●Ability to understand develop, test, and deploy Python-based applications in variety of cloud platforms.
●Worked on high availability infrastructure and application design and disaster recovery techniques.
●Work seamlessly with Engineering, QA, and Operations teams to effectively manage application code.
Worked on Tickets to solve bugs/tracking within time and assigning corresponding teams.
Monitoring all systems health status and reacting based on issues.
●Experienced in Infrastructure Development and Operations involving Azure and AWS Cloud platforms.
●Ability to identify and gather requirements to define a solution to be built and operated on Azure and AWS environments.
●Managing vulnerability management by using Qualys cloud platform.
●Good understanding and experienced ITIL processes.
●Skilled in working within environment of Change Request, Incident management, problem management.
Contact this candidate