Ketki Hiray

Professional Summary:
Human Resources Management experience with 5+ year broad based and progressively responsible work experience into management and Human Resources. Proven ability to work with senior management team to integrate human resource function. Experience in department start-ups, high growth operations and restructuring. Strategic Methods in Problem Solving.
Work Experience:
Myriad Technical Services - Sr.HR and Recruiting Associate
Naperville, IL( USA)- 02/2021 - 01/2023.

Responsible for full life cycle recruiting for assigned clients IT, non-IT and Engineering Industries requisitions.
Extensive use of Boolean search for sourcing candidates - LinkedIn, Google, Monster, Dice, indeed etc.
Manage candidate data in the applicant tracking systems (ATS).
Manage client information in vendor Management System (VMS)
Build and maintain a great relation with potential candidates and contracted employees.
Coordinate Interview between hiring managers and candidates.
Promoted to HR Accounts Manager after two months of working.
Ensuring my team working properly on client's requirements properly.
Maintain effective communication with the client to ensure the highest quality of service.
Collected feedback after final round interview and put together comprehensive compensation package for prospective hires.
Manage all aspects of onboarding joining formalities.
Administered companywide compensations and benefit plans.
Assisted with benefits administration including Cobra reporting, leave administrations.
Collaborated with leadership on recruitments strategies development plans, performance management and employee engagement to improve retention process.
Assisted managers in determining training needs and finding the best solution to meet those needs.

Few of the requirement's that I have successfully sourced and filled are as follows:

IT Positions and Non IT position:

Solution Architect
IT Project Manager
Data Migration Analyst III
.net Developer
Java Developer
IT Business Analyst
Scrum Master
Azure Cloud Engineer
AWS Cloud Engineer
Release Manager (Safe)
Project Manager (AWS/ Azure)
Engineering Position:
Electrical Engineer
Field Engineer
Civil Engineer
Utility Project Manager

Universal metro Asian services - HR-Coordinator.
Roselle -IL (USA) 10/2020 - 01/2021
Managed inhouse recruitments.
Co-ordinated with different location HR queries
Processed new enrollment,maintenance and termination of employees on portal
Took care of unemployment claim on daily basis on personnel planner portal
Taking care of exist interview process.
Completed training on Paylocity portal.
Updating HR files
Handled onboarding process (W2, I-9 form)
Coordinating with accounts department.
Ashore Systems Pvt Ltd - HR- Executive
Pune – India. 03/2010 - 01/2012
Managed major responsibilities towards software recruitments end to end.
Planning and structuring of job advertisements on job portal
Interacting with the delivery team on regular basis and prioritizing requirements as per the billable effective dates
Handle various types of vendors.
Worked closely towards open-source requirements like PHP, Flash, Web Designing, Project manager, Business Development Manager, Team Leader towards recruitments.
Managed HR Interview process, which involved joining formalities, exist Interview, Induction program.
Handled various type of grievance which are related towards salary and policies and code of conduct by the employees
Conducting employee communication sessions for employees across various profiles
Driving the successful execution of training programmers by sensitizing employees and reporting managers to ensure their adequate participation.
Worked on applicant sources by researching and contacting community services, colleges, employment agencies, recruiters, media, and internet sites, providing organization information, opportunities, and benefits
Organized various types of employee engagement activities like Birth Day celebrations, games session and annual day and arrange external faculty for leadership skill sessions
Worked on attendance and leave management process and assisted for payroll process within the organization
Good exposure on campus recruitment drives
Manages new employee relocation by determining new employee.
Requirements, arranging temporary housing.
Handled insurance administration, by Assisting in submission and follow up for insurance claims.
Senate Technology Pvt Ltd - Recruitment –HR Executive.
Pune – India. 07/2008 - 01/2009
Managed Major responsibilities towards Software recruitments end to end.
Co-coordinating with the technology head towards various requirements, which are related towards project need.
Worked closely towards open-source requirements like PHP, Perl, Flex etc
Collaborated closely with technical team for short listing the profiles and closing the requirements.
Handled HR Interview process, which involved joining formalities exist Interview, Induction program
Managed various in-house refreshment activates towards festival related occasions.
Also managed various grievance, which are related towards salary, leave applications etc
Handle front office which would include greeting guests, answering phones, handling company inquiries, sorting and distributing mail
Assisting with ordering office supply orders
Setting ip meeting room, tracking daily task and notes in an excel database.
STP Global Solutions Pvt. Ltd - Hr –Executive.
Pune -India. 04/2008 – 06/2008
Responsible for end-to-end recruitment
Co-coordinating with Head of departments for understanding the workforce requirements.
Scrutinizing the profiles from various portals like aukri.com, times.com, monster jobs etc
Co-coordinating with technical team for short listing the profiles
Co-coordinating with technical team and candidates for the Interview process
Conducting initial hr interview rounds
Outreach Consultants Pvt. Ltd – Associate Recruiter.
Pune – India. 11/2006 - 04/2008
Coordinating between the client and organization for the resourcing requirements
Preliminary HR interviews to judge the suitability of the candidate as per the client requirements
Search potential candidates through job portals, references, advertisements, and own database
Handled & Coordinated requirements of HR-Generalist/Recruitment [Executive, AM, Manager, AVP,VP] Quality [six sigma, black belt, ISO etc.], Executives-AM-Manager-AVP-VP-Operations (Collections, Quality Assurance, Back-end, Voice & Data, Service Delivery Manager (SDM- Maintaining the MIS of the list of candidates/profiles selected or declined to have the proper track record of the feedback/remarks given by the client (Tracking sheet/Tracker)
Co-ordination between the selected candidate(s) and the client for the offer letters, appointment letters, reference check and other joining formalities, making understand the candidate with the company policies, terms & conditions of services, commitment, remunerations, promotions and career planning system
Continuous follow-up with the candidate and the client for the schedules, information and other related queries

Achievements:
Successfully revised & implemented company policy on HR related issues.
Reduced the number of grievances effectively.
Prepared Annual calendar.
Controlled Attrition rate.
Organizing events and other activities has been appreciated by Senior Management.
Successfully filled the position within time duration period.
Successfully completed backlog of unemployment claims within time limit in the Illinois state government portal.

adxodf@r.postjobfree.com

+1-630-***-****

Naperville, IL (USA)- 60653
Skills:
MS Office ( PowerPoint, Excel, Word), Outlook, Teams, Zoom Meeting, Paylocity (HR)
Time Management.
Recruitment /Retention Strategies.
Job Analysis
Interviewing
Prioritization and Planning.
Performance Management.
Administration Communication.
Front Office
Typing Skill
Employee Relations
Customer Care
Onboarding
Ability to organize work & lead a team.
Negotiations
Communication
Proficient in Team Building
Education:
B. Com – Bachelor’s in Commerce from Agra University-2006, Agra – India.
MBA- Master’s in Human Resource management from Madurai Kamraj University-2008
Madurai, Tamil Nadu - India.

Personal Information:
Date of Birth: Oct 1983
Languages Known: English, Hindi.

.
Contact this candidate