BENEDICTE OLIVE NGOYA
Minneapolis, MN *** - *** -7691
adxtha@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/benedicte-ngoya-37b073262 PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY :
Self-Motivated AWS Solutions Architect / Cloud Engineer, with 5+ years of experience in providing solutions and building long lasting infrastructure in the AWS Cloud space. Experienced in auditing, running analyses, optimizing, and troubleshooting cloud environments. In addition to optimizing deployments in the cloud, leveraging configuration management tools and other DevOps tools, in an end to provide cost effective solutions and infrastructures to clients. In addition to those, I am an I.T. professional seeking to use my professional knowledge and hands-on experience to drive strategic transformation for client’s infrastructure, operations, and applications respectively.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
● AWS Services : S3, EC2, ELB, Databases, SNS, SQS, Route 53, Auto Scaling, CloudFront, Elastic Search, AWS Glue
● Networking : VPC, TGW, IGW, NGW, Troubleshooting of Networks, Subnetting, Security Groups, NACL’S, Mirroring, AWS .
● AWS Security : I.A.M, Amazon Guard Duty, AWS Shield/Shield Advanced, AWS Inspector, Amazon Macie, Secret Manager, Encryption, STS, SCP’S, AWS WAF, AWS Firewall Manager, Security Hub.
● Storage : EBS, EFS, NFS, Databases, S3, ElastiCache
● Monitoring: CloudWatch / CloudWatch Rum, CloudTrail, AWS Config, AWS Trusted Advisor, Amazon Event Bridge, Vpc Flow logs.
● Cloud Orchestration/ Configuration Management : Terraform, Ansible, AWS CloudFormation, Docker, Jenkins, AWS Application Manager, Ansible, AWS Systems Manager,Kubernetes, Github, Gitlab
● Programming Languages/ Ticketing Tools : Bash Scripting, Json, Yml, Linux, Hcl, Groovy,
EDUCATION
Bachelors in nursing Robin Trust Nursing College South Africa Cape Town. 2017
AWS Associate Cloud Practitioner In Progress
AWS Associate Solutions Architect In progress
Relevant Professional Experience
Aws Cloud Engineer The Home Depot Oklahoma City, May 2021
-To Present
● Designed Infrastructure for high availability and business continuity using some Aws services such as, fail-over routing policies with Route 53, Multi-AZ deployment of EC2 instances, ELB & their health checks, Auto Scaling, and other disaster recovery models.
● Implemented various security policies, using Nacls, Aws WAF, AWS Shield, Security Groups, Private subnet Configuration, Encryption both in Transit & at Rest
● Implemented AWS Systems Manager capabilities to automatically Apply OS patches, and automate administration tasks, such as Specifying Maintenance windows for our Managed Services and Complex Workflows such as Managing Sessions across our environments.
● Automatically remediated Trusted Advisor findings using Amazon CloudWatch events
● Implemented AWS Organization to centrally manage multiple AWS accounts including consolidated billing and policy-based restrictions
(SCP’S).
● Optimized Cost using reserved instances, selection and changing of EC2 instance types based on resource needs, S3 storage classes and S3 lifecycle policies and leveraging Autoscaling Groups in some situations.
● Leveraged EC2 Lifecycle Manager to create snapshots of EBS Volumes on scheduled intervals for backup and define a retention period as a cost saving measure.
● Implemented policies and procedures to ensure that our DynamoDB tables are secure and highly available.
● We use SCA to scan our applications to detect and address issues in open source code, allowing the team to implement the key DevSecOps principle of delivering quality software.
● Assisted in the implementation of SAST in our environment so that vulnerabilities can be flags and it was additionally offering remediation guidelines,Issue Tracking System to assist in the automation with report
/issue resolution /Prioritization management so that the issue can continuously be addressed, and more.
● Worked with developers, architects, system administrators and other stakeholders to architect and configure Dev / Stage / QA and Prod environments in AWS (VPC, subnets, Security groups, EC2 instances, load balancer, Database, Redis, Route53, etc.).
Associate Cloud Engineer LENOVO Dallas, Texas February - 2019 To April 2021
● Assisted in the migration of customers on-premises workloads
(applications) to the AWS cloud platform.
● Assist to developed and leveraged baseline and custom guardrails, policies, centralized policy enforcement, tagging policies and a well architected multi account environment.
● Assisted in the designing of overall Virtual Private Cloud VPC environments including server instances, creation of subnets, configuration of route tables
& security groups, internet gateway creations,
● Assisted in the optimization of cost through reserved instances, selection and changing of EC2 instance types based on resource need, S3 storage classes and S3 lifecycle policies, leveraging Autoscaling and implemented Cost optimization strategies in the AWS infrastructure.
● Assisted in building servers using AWS, imported volumes, launched EC2 instances, Relational Databases, assisted in the configuration of Auto Scaling groups.
● Assisted in the configuration of fully Monitored infrastructures and applications using AWS services such as Cloud watch, Cloud Trail, and generated logs for them.
● Suggested and implemented security best practices in AWS including leveraging of Multi Factor Authentication on our master/ important accounts, Access key creation and rotation, Encryption of Data using KMS Service, configuration of Firewalls such as security groups and NACLs, S3 bucket policy creation as well.
● Assisted with Team Meetings, Onboarding and Overall, Team Management .
● Made use of I.A.M roles and policy to secure my buckets and some resources .
● Created I.A.M users and put them into groups, allocate the necessary permission to carry out the task that they were allocated for.
● Assist to design and deploy highly scalable, available, fault tolerant and reliable infrastructure.
Technical Support Specialist Door Dash San Francisco, California May -2018 to March - 2019
● Assisted in resolving Customer issues, with both placing orders and payment issues.
● Performed Software installation and updates when needed.
● Assisted in the investigation of technical issues, customer related problems and troubleshooting both computer software and hardware problems.
● Advised on various Projects on issues related to cost, concepts, and design changes.
● Assisted team with carrying out Mandatory Trainings and help in Troubleshooting User difficulties.
● Supported the business in its initiatives by providing guidance and Information that helped ease customer experiences.
● Provided a unified and holistic view of vulnerabilities and associated risk exposure to customer information and Company Data.
● Assisted with careful planning and made use of different company procedures to solve challenges during the day-to-day business management.
● Collaborated with enterprise architecture, information security, application and infrastructure teams support as well as contributed to the evaluation of enterprise-wide solutions.
Contact this candidate