Mohammed Abdul Quddus Email :ady33p@r.postjobfree.com Mobile: 91-730*******

To serve in a responsible position at a well-structure organization where I can get the opportunity to prove myself successfully and also able to utilize my 8+ years of IT experience efficiently.

Google Cloud Platform Project (April 2019 – Till Date):
Good knowledge on project management tools: JIRA, RTC and Confluence.
and Code repositories: GIT, GITHUB, RTC.
Development of SQL’s using Big Query.
Good understanding and usage of pub/sub topics, Big Table, workflows, data storage, data
load, data processing, performing ETL operations until the output extracts.
Competency with Unix Shell Scripting.
Able to create, modify and schedule Control M Jobs.
Gained good knowledge on GCP Big-Query while working on Liquidity and Finance on the Cloud Project.
Also gained little bit knowledge on Deployment of SQL Code into Google cloud through Jenkins.
Can analyze the problem and prioritize the work efficiently and effectively.
Key strengths are Self-learning, hardworking and a great team player.

Peoplesoft Project (Mar 2015 – Feb 2019):
Have worked on development of Builds and break fix.
Developed Technical Design documents against the Functional specifications.
Development of Reports, Interfaces and Extension.
Strong PeopleSoft technical skills include People Tools (Application Designer, People Code, Application Engine, File Layout, Query and Data Mover).
Good Techno-functional understanding of PeopleSoft Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable and Billing Modules.
Good understanding on Procure-to-Pay business processes.
Creating PS Queries for various business needs in the project.
Developed Application engines and reports, and customized pages and records.
Technically proficient in customizations, enhancements using Application Engine, People Code and various People tools.
Experienced in working with Reporting tools PS-Query, BI Publisher.
Oracle People tools Certified- Application Developer I.
Good hands on experience in SQL (Oracle).

B.Tech from Mahaveer Institute of Science and Technology with first class with Distinction.

Working Experience:
From Date
To Date
Company Name
Role
March 2015
Feb 2019
Accenture
Application Development
Analyst
April 2019
Currently Working
HSBC Software Development India Pvt Ltd.
Senior Software Engineer

Projects Details: Accenture
Client (Vertical):
California State Government
Project Title:
FI$Cal
Duration:
May 2015 – May 2018
Role:
PeopleSoft Techno-Functional Consultant
Environment:
Application Release level 9.2.

Responsibilities:
●Worked on PeopleSoft Finance as a PS Developer.
●Understanding FDD and responsible for the conversion of FDD to TDD.
●Worked on the deployment of technical document to build.
●Worked on P2P modules in order to create data for testing.
●Worked on end to end process flow of Account Receivable module.
●Created and modified Components, File Layouts, Pages, Records, Fields, Process Definitions and registering Components in Portal, Menu and Permission Lists.
●Developed interfaces to read the data from file and load it into PeopleSoft tables and also send data from PeopleSoft to other external applications.
●Involved in online changes to the delivered pages, components, menus and translate values.
●Developed and modified People Code to implement specific business rules and validations to enable the system to perform the business process.
●Developed an application engine program.
●Worked on interface programs for migrating data from other systems to PeopleSoft.
●Used File Layout Definition to get data from the legacy system to PeopleSoft tables.
●Modified, designed, configured and built fields, records, sub records, setting up keys to records, assign table edits like prompt table.
●Hands on experience in writing test condition’s performing Unit testing and functional testing.
●Worked as Developer and Build various Reports and interfaces.
●Worked for Post Go Live Support.
●Responsible for handling the review comments raised by the review team of FI$Cal.
●Maintained proper development standards during build as well as review.

Project Description:
It is a Technical Implementation project that includes pension related work for Canada citizens.

Projects Details:
Client (Vertical):
Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System
Payroll Company:
Accenture
Project Title:
OMERS
Duration:
June 2018– Feb 2019
Role:
PeopleSoft Technical Consultant - Worked as a major part in defect fixing team
Environment:
Application Release level 9.2.

Responsibilities:
Worked as a major part in defect fixing team
Got opportunity to work on Application packages through defect fixing.

Project Description:
Project deals with the generation of Liquidity reports on cloud and it should be available to end-user on Daily and Monthly basis.

Projects Details:
Client and Payroll Company:
HSBC Software Development India Pvt Ltd.
Project Title:
Liquidity Reports and Finance on the Cloud
Duration:
April 2019– Present
Role:
Senior Software Engineer - Monitoring Control M Jobs, Unix Shell Scripting,Developing or troubleshooting SQL’s on Big Query, GIT HUB and Google Cloud Console.
Technology:
Google Cloud Platform

Responsibilities:
Loading Files into GCP Bucket through shell scripting.
Making changes and creation of SQL Code in BIG Query.
Created INGRESS and EGRESS scripts with encryption of data, custom log metrics
using Stack Driver logging and create charts and alerts using them.
Creation or Modification of existing Shell Scripting whenever required for data processing and automation.
Creating document in Confluence.
Good understanding and usage of pub/sub topics, workflows, data storage, data
load, data processing, performing ETL operations until the output extracts.
Creating, ordering and Monitoring Control M Jobs.
Creating Branches and Tags in GIT Repository.
Performing code deployment into GCP through Jenkins.
Handling team in absence of Scrum Master.
Gained good functional knowledge related to Project.
Troubleshooting issues in GCP Batches.

Technical Summary:

Development Tools
Peoplesoft Application Designer, Application Engine, People Code, File Layout,
BI-Publisher, GIT HUB, SQL Big Query, BIG Table, Data Flow in Google Cloud Platform
Scheduling Tool
Control M
Scripting
Shell Scripting
Achievements:
Oracle People tools Certified- Application Developer I.
Recognized as STAR performer.
Appreciated with Awards like ‘Associate of the Month’ and ‘PAT ON BACK’ for the dedication and hard work shown in the project assignments

Personal Information:
Date of Birth
04th Feb 1993
Sex
Male
Marital Status
Single
Verbal Languages
English, Hindi and Telugu

DATE: (Mohammed Abdul Quddus)
Place:

Objective:
Professional Summary & Responsibilities:
Educational Qualification
Contact this candidate