Anil Seshu Kumar Akula

Phone: +1-425-***-****
Email: adyetz@r.postjobfree.com
Linkedin: www.linkedin.com/in/anilska/

To be a part of prospective organization that allows personal and professional growth and provides an opportunity for learning, advancement while being resourceful and innovative.

CAREER ABSTRACTS

Over 5 years of Experience in Network Designing, Engineering and Operations.
Currently Employed with Microsoft as Sr. Network Engineer.
Expertise in developing and implementing Juniper & Cisco Routing and Switching Solutions in Enterprise and Data center locations.
Comprehensive understanding of networking concepts in engineering, configuring & managing Routers, Switches, Firewalls, Load balancers and Cloud.
Demonstrated abilities in leading and guiding project teams to deliver projects to clients within specified timeframe and as per Requirements.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology Aug 2011 – Mar 2015
Masters in applied computer science Jan 2017 – April 2018

CERTIFICATIONS

Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP Routing & Switching)
Palo Alto Networks Certified Network Security Engineer (PCNSE)

SKILLS

Design, Configuration and implementation of Routing technologies RIP, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP, MPLS, IP SLA, VRF, QOS experience working on routing platforms Cisco ISR 2800, 2900, 1900, 3800, 3900, 4000, ASR 1000 & Juniper MX Routers.
Configuring Next Generation firewalls like Palo Alto & Checkpoint and Implementing NG feature within complex Datacentre Network.
Configuring and Troubleshooting BIG-IP F5 load balancer LTM and Citrix NetScaler ADC.
Deploying Azure subscriptions and configuring ExpressRoute, Vnets, Peering, AzureSLB, NSG’s,VM’s, Scaleset and troubleshooting the connectivity to OnPrem.
Configuring and Troubleshooting of network protocols, such as TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, IGMP, PIM and SNMP
Design, Configuration and implementation of Switching technologies HSRP, VRRP, VTP, STP, PVST, RSTP, MST, EtherChannel, Stacking, Nexus vPC, Nexus fex and Layer 2 security, experience working on switching platforms Cisco 2900, 3500, 3600, 4500and Nexus 9K, 7K, 5K and 2K.
Configuration and implementation of Security technologies Firewalls, Deep packet inspection, ACLs, NAT and VPNs, experience working on Checkpoint and Palo Alto.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Microsoft, Redmond, WA
Sr. Network Engineer
April 2020–Till date

Maintaining skype for business property related Datacenters spread across 84 locations.
Adminstrated and configured the Palo Alto and Cisco ASA Firewalls.
Configured Subscriptions, Vnets, Peering's B/w Vnets, NSG's, Software Load Balancers and Ip Management within the Azure Cloud.
Troubleshooted the network connectivity within the Azure Cloud and Traffic from Azure to physical OnPrem Infrastructure.
Installed and configured high availability Big IP F5 LTM, Adding virtual IPs, nodes, pools and health monitoring.
Troubleshooted SSL Offloading, SNAT, Monitor’s on F5 load balancer.
Implemented multi chassis ether-channel, RSTP, Port fast, 802.1X, DHCP Helper and OSPF
Implemented BGP Routing for WAN and OSPF for LAN routing protocol.
Contribute to updating standards for Network platforms and Configuration template.
Performed Nexus 3k and 5k upgrade in all 84 locations.
Implemented HSRP, VRRP Redundancy protocols and Access list at Distribution Switches
Provide Level 3 support for any escalations from Level 1(Network Operations) and Level2(Network Support).
Work with vendors for security patches and new firmware recommendations and test in Labs prior to Implementing in production.
Implemented IP Management using Infoblox and IPAM tools.
Complete Understanding and troubleshooting of both IPV4 and IPV6 addressing.
Resolving issues by engaging on monthly on-call schedule for any escalated incidents and re-Engineering for further optimization when necessary.

Safeway, Pleasanton, CA
Network Engineer Sept 2018–April 2020

Capacity planning for MPLS WAN circuits, Review the WAN circuit utilization and upgrade the WAN circuits as necessary.
Implement and upgraded Datacenter Nexus switches 7K, 5K and 2K
Palo Alto design and installation (Application and URL filtering, SSL decryption, SSL Forward Proxy). Configured and maintained IPSEC and SSL VPNs on Palo Alto Firewalls. Successfully installed PA-5050 series firewalls in Data Center as perimeter Firewalls.
Configured PANORAMA management for logging sessions, creating reports and managing onprem and Cloud firewall devices.
Configured Objects, firewall rules, NAT policies, Log Monitoring and Static Routing on Checkpoint firewall.
Build Network connectivity with Partners and necessary security controls to limit the access to internal applications.
Configured Virtual Networks, Network Security Groups, User defined routes and Established Peering between the Virtual Networks.
Administered Core, Distribution and Access layer Routing, Switching and Firewall infrastructure. Setup Out of Band for management for all this infrastructure
Managed the testing, deployment and configuration of Aruba Wireless LAN Controllers (WLC) and Access Points over Fiber, Ethernet & DWDM.
Complete Understanding Of IEEE802.11a,802.11b,802.11g and 802.11n wireless standards, 802.1X and EAP Authentication, security, RF Conditions and performance, Capacity Plannings, QOS, Policy enforcement, and network Management, DNS, DHCP, Time Protocols.
Troubleshooted Network Connectivity between Datacenters, Azure Cloud, Retail Stores, Backstage offices.

Build High level design, low level design, Deployment run book, peer review and approve.
Performed Cisco 3650 and Cisco 2900 Switches Upgrade across 160 locations.
Implementing firewall policies, NAT, VPN Monitoring, Static routes in Checkpoint and Paloalto
Installing, configuring Cisco Catalyst switches 6500, 3750 & 3550 series and configured routing protocols like OSPF, BGP with Access Control lists

Microsoft, Hyderabad, India
Network Engineer April 2016–Nov 2016

Maintaining Clients Datacenters and enterprise networks environment from offshore.
Provided operations support for both High & low priority incidents and resolved under Predefined SLA.
implemented Add, remove and changes in client’s Datacenters and enterprise networks.
Installing, Configuring and administration of Cisco routers and Switches (mid and high end)
Responsible for day-to-day management of Cisco Devices, Traffic management and monitoring
Implemented and troubleshooting layer 2 technologies such as VLAN, Ether channel, STP, RSTP,.STP features: Port Fast, BPDU Guard.
Contact this candidate