Name: Bertin Lekane Availability for Interview: ** hours’ notice
Position: DevOps / Aws/DevSecOps Availability for Engagement: 2weeks’ notice

SUMMARY:
More than 9+ years of experience in Information Technology, DevOps AWS Cloud, and DevSecOps Engineer Professional with 6 years of experience optimizing workforces, capturing cost savings, and driving efficiencies for diverse enterprises on a global scope. Bridge gaps between technical and non-technical departments with keen understanding of both the business processes and underlying technology for improved solutions, methodology implementation, and organizational effectiveness.

HIGHLIGHTED SKILLS:
Experience with large-scale and full-phase projects in compliance to aggressive deadlines and to budget specifications.
Knowledgeable of leading-edge, new, and emerging technologies to enable cost savings, risk management, safety, automation, and superior standards of excellence for companies dominating the domestic and global market.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Scripting Language
Linux Shell Scripting
Containerization
Docker and subsidiaries
Continuous Integration (CI)
Jenkins, Gitlab
Build Automation
Maven
Version Control
GitHub, Gitlab, Git, Bitbucket
Artifact
AWS S3
Monitoring
Datadog, Prometheus and Grafana
Infrastructure As Code
Terraform, CloudFormation
Container Orchestration
Kubernetes, AWS EKS, AWS ECS
Package Manager
Helm, Apt, Wget, Yum
Continuous Deployment
Argo CD
Container Registries
Docker Hub,
Web Servers
Apache, Nginx, Tomcat
Bug Tracking Tools
Jira
Operating Systems
Unix/Linux, Windows, Windows Server 2012, and 2016
Linux Distributions
Centos 6, 7 & 8, Ubuntu
Amazon Web Services
VPC, EC2, S3, IAM, SNS, ELB, Auto Scaling, Route 53, Lambda, Elastic Beanstalk, EFS, EBS, CloudTrail, Trusted Advisor, AWS Organizations, CloudFront, WAF, IAM roles. JSON, YAML, code commit
Networking/ Protocols
TCP/IP, FTP, SCP, SSH, SSL, DNS, HTTP, HTTPS, DHCP, VPN, and LDAP
Database
MySQL, RDS, DynamoDB
Web Development
HTML, CCS
Deployment strategy
Rolling Update, Blue green deployment, canary deployment
Languages
English and French
code quality tools
SonarQube

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
EK TECH SOFTWARE SOLUTION, Houston, TX Feb 2021 – Present
AWS DevOps/Platform Engineer
Deployed user management applications using 3-tier application framework.
Managed GitHub repositories/permissions including branching and tagging.
collaborative teamwork with the development team to implement code modifications. Employ Git to clone, pull, revert, reset, merge, fetch, add, commit, and push codes from local to central repositories such as GitHub and AWS Code Commit.
Built CI/CD pipelines using AWS and open-sources tools.
Implemented Blue/Green deployment for software updates
Architected preventive guardrail using Service Control Policies, and detective guardrails using AWS Config.
Use Maven and other automation tools to compile, test, review, package the source code and store the Artifact into AWS S3 bucket.
Designed and implemented automation infrastructure for configuration management and orchestrated deployment using automation tools such as Ansible.
Built and maintained Kubernetes cluster using AWS EKS.
Responsible for developing AWS CloudFormation stacks to automate the creation of AWS development, test, and production resources. Update existing CloudFormation stacks as needed.
Completed various migration projects from on-premises to AWS Cloud using several services such as AWS Migration HUB,AWS Cloud Endure, TSO Log,VPN, and DMS.
Used AWS system manager to automate operational tasks across resources.
Support to manual users and upgrade the servers with Linux (Centos 6, 7 & 8, Ubuntu) and managing users.
Monitored end-to-end infrastructure CloudWatch and SNS for notification.
Using terraform to build infrastructure as a code on AWS, creating EKS clusters.
Optimized costs through reserved instances, selection and changing of EC2 instance types based on resource needs, S3 storage classes, and S3 lifecycle policies

Sparx Interactive Solutions Inc, Ontario, Canada Jan 2020- Jan 2021
DevSecOps/DevOps Engineer
Assisted the development team to identify and document security requirements for new software projects
Assisted the development team to identify and document security requirements for new software projects
Use SIEM and IDS/IPS to monitor security incidents and threats and take appropriate action to mitigate them
Worked with compliance teams to ensure that the software development process meets regulatory standards as in HIPAA, SOC2, PCI DSS
Ensures that security is integrated into the CI/CD pipeline, to automatically test and deploy secure code
Worked with teams to ensure the security of containerized applications and the underlying Kubernetes cluster

Yprime, Malvern, PA Jan 2017 — Dec 2019
AWS Cloud/DevOps Engineer
Assisted in developing a structure for proper load balancing and redundancy
Building and maintaining the CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins Declarative pipeline script
Deployed, managed, and operated scalable, highly available, and fault-tolerant systems on AWS
Automated codes and processes in YAML, JSON, and Terraform
Configured ansible dynamic inventory using AWS_ec2 plugin so new instances spun up by autoscaling should be automatically added to ansible inventory for management
Built and deployed interactive terraform Templates enabling Infrastructure as a Code
Selected the appropriate AWS service based on computer, data, or security requirements
Implemented Control Tower Preventive and Detective guardrails alongside service catalogue
Configured AWS organizations with multiple organizational units and accounts then used service control policies in landing zone to ensure compliance within our environment
Setup AWS Single Sign-On (SSO) for OKTA Active Directory (AD)
Configured and troubleshooted AWS Platforms such as VPC, Lambda, S3, EC2, Route 53, RDS, etc..
Configured AWS security hub in our security account to have central view of all threat and security findings from Config, Guard Duty, Access analyzer, Shield, Inspector, Macie then integrated security hub with Event Bridge and Lambda for auto remediation
Developed standard operating procedures as a result of new processes for supporting our processes
Setup Ansible control and slave nodes and developed playbooks to automation configuration of servers across environments

INFORMATIONS:
Canton, MI Phone: 734-***-**** Email: adyfr7@r.postjobfree.com
EDUCATION:
Bachelor of Science Math's and Computer Sciences 09/1997
University of Yaoundé,Cameroon
Contact this candidate