Adedotun Reed
adyhet@r.postjobfree.com 832-***-****
SUMMARY
Detail-Oriented and self-motivated experienced DevOps Engineer with 7+ years practical experience using Agile methodologies in multi-Cloud environments. Experts in setting up Jenkins, Git, Maven, Docker, Nagios, and Linux. Automating, supporting, and optimizing mission critical deployments in cloud (AWS), using configuration management, setting up CICD pipelines, building automation, release engineering and infrastructure deployment in different environments. Configured AWS cloud services like EC2, EBS, RDS, IAM, Dynamo DB, Route 53, S3, Cloud Watch and Auto -scaling.
CERTIFICATION
•AWS Cloud Practitioner, Amazon
•AWS Certified Solution Architect Associate
WORK EXPERIENCE
Kored Consult, Texas
DevOps Engineer Feb 2021 – Present
Managed deployment to AWS -Cloud Environment and Azure DevOps.
Create and set up CI/CD pipelines template (Java application) that is reusable across multiple projects.
Integration of GitHub with Jenkins for easy deployment.
Configure and deployed numerous pipelines throughout the project for business purposes.
Assisted in implementing DevOps and CI/CD tools to Agile teams to build applications for program design, manage cost evaluation to retrieve, analyze and report using AWS cloud.
Actively managing, improving, and monitoring cloud infrastructure on AWS, EC2, VPC subnets, ELB. Autoscaling, S3, and RDS, including backups, patches, and scaling.
Improvement Architect, planning and implementation of AWS cloud that guarantees availability, scalability, and high performance.
Installed, managed Linux Red Hat Enterprise, Ubuntu, CentOS, and installed packages and patches for RedHat servers.
Using terraform as code to provision infrastructure environment on AWS.
Assisted in setting up disaster recovery plan for the production environment.
Responsible for build and deployment automation using AWS, Docker Containers, Kubernetes and Ansible.
Using Ansible for configuration of infrastructure management.
Monitoring of servers using Datadog to ensure no downtime in application.
Worked with team and product owner using Azure Boards, Azure Repos, Azure Pipelines, Azure Test plans and Azure Artifacts.

IMALIPAY
Cloud Engineer Sept 2019 – Jan 2021
•Implement continuous integration (CI) & continuous delivery (CD) workflows between all environments to auto mate as much as possible and improve efficiency and quality of releases.
• Implemented infrastructure and systems that provide high levels of scalability, reliability, and performance for organization ’s stack, while balancing security, maintainability, reliability, and operational excellence
• Built logging, monitoring, and alerting systems to identify bottlenecks and assist with debugging, analysis, and optimization in cloud and on-prem environments.
•Worked with HIPAA, SOC 2 environments.
• Automated the creation of AWS project and VPC stack to set up organization policies and network infrastructure by developing Terraform scripts: increased deployment speed by 45
• Perform periodic off-hours release work during maintenance windows.
• Using Kubernetes to manage containerized applications using its nodes, config -maps, selector, Services and deploying application containers as pods.
Minimize cost every month by terminating unused servers and consolidating databases.
Maintain high available of infrastructure to improve web service.

XCEEDANCE
Cloud Support Engineer July 2016 - Aug 2019
•Leveraged AWS cloud services such as EC2, auto-scaling and VPC to build secure, highly scalable, and flexible systems that handle expected and unexpected load bursts.
Ensuring proper documentation of system architecture and deployment.
Assigned EIPs, configured Health checks, deployed RDS across multiple AZs for High Availability Architecture
Troubleshooting, maintaining, and continuously improving application infrastructure.
Defined CIDR blocks, public subnets, private subnets, IGW, Route Tables to build VPC from scratch.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
TCP/IP, VPC, Routing/Switching, DNS, SSH, DHCP, Route-53, Python, Shell scripting, Linux, Groovy, Automation. Maven, Jenkins, MongoDB, MySQL, SQL Server, PostgreSQL, NOSQL, AWS S3, CRON Jobs, Cloud Watch, Nagios, Splunk Data Dog. Tomcat, Apache, Jboss. Splunk GIT, SVN, Bitbucket, AWS ECS, Docker Container/Microservices, Kubernetes, Helm, Ansible, Terraform, Jira, Good communication skill, Excellent Problem-solving skill, Agile methodologies, Collaborative, Great understanding of DevOps practices.

MEMBERSHIPS
National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE)
Society of Women in Engineers (SWE)

EDUCATION

BSc, Food Technology. University of Agriculture Abeokuta.
Contact this candidate