Ajay Kumar
Tampa, FL
Sr.DevOps Engineer
adyhys@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/ajaykumar077
+1-903-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
With 10+ years of IT professional experience including sound knowledge in Linux and Systems Administration, Automating Software Configuration Management, Build and Release Management, Deploying Applications through Continuous Integration/ Deployment using DevOps tools for Infra-Structure Automation, Managing Cloud Services, Delivery management and Cloud Migration for Azure, AWS seeking a position delivering Cloud solutions.
Experience in working with multiple Technical teams, Architects, Managers and Business Users, reviewing and documenting workloads, system dependencies and business requirements. Mapping workloads to the capabilities of Microsoft Azure for Public, Private and Hybrid Clouds.
Expertise in dealing with Windows Azure IaaS - Virtual Networks, Virtual Machines, ARM Templates, Resource Groups, Traffic Manager, VPN, Load Balancing, Application Gateways, Auto-Scaling and Implemented high availability with Azure Classic and Azure Resource Manager deployment models along with Microsoft Azure Cloud Services (PaaS & IaaS), Azure infrastructure management.
Well versed in Designing and configuring Azure Virtual Networks, Subnets, Azure network settings, DHCP address blocks, DNS settings, security policies and Expertise in creating custom routing to override Azure's system routes.
Certified AWS Developer with experience in solution architecting applications and running them in the cloud and experience in network and security design for applications in the cloud. Also done extensive automation using cloud APIs and SDK’s to create infrastructure programmatically in the cloud.
Experience in strategy and practical implementation of AWS Cloud services like EC2, EBS, S3, S3 Glacier, Storage Gateway, VPC, Route 53, RDS, ELB, EMR, ECS, Cloud Front, OpsWorks, Cloud Formation, Elastic Cache, Cloud Watch, CloudTrail, RedShift, Lambda, AWS Elastic Beanstalk, SNS, Dynamo DB, SES, AWS EMR cluster configuration.
Expertise in PCF architecture and design, troubleshooting with platform components, and developing multi-regional deployment models and patterns for large-scale developments/deployments on Cloud Foundry.
Expertise in deep development/enhancement of OpenStack also had Experience in creating standards and patterns for deploying a spring boot data micro-service architecture to Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF).
Well versed in using Ansible and Ansible Tower to automate repetitive tasks, to deploy critical applications quickly, and proactively manage the changes and wrote several playbooks to manage Web applications.
Highly experienced in writing Ansible playbooks with Python SSH as the Wrapper to Manage Configurations of AWS Nodes and Test Playbooks and run Ansible Scripts on AWS instances using Python.
Expertise in writing the playbooks using the YAML scripting which manages the configurations also have experience in setting up master minion architecture in Kubernetes to maintain the containers with the help of using YAML files, also deployed Docker containers through Kubernetes to manage the Microservices using its nodes, ConfigMaps, selector, Services, Pods.
Decent experience in Chef including configuring Chef-Repo and setting up multiple Chef Workstations and writing Chef cookbooks and Recipes to automate the deployment process and integrated with Jenkins jobs for Continuous delivery(CD) framework.
Hands-on experience in configuring Chef Server Enterprise on-premise, workstation bootstrapped the nodes using Knife and automated by testing Chef Recipes, Cookbooks with Test-Kitchen and Chefspec.
Proficiency in creation and deployment of a tool to automate branch and project creation in GIT using Groovy in Jenkins file and automating with Chef and Ansible.
Experience in installing and configuring Puppet that include the installation and configuration of the Puppet master, agent nodes and an admin control workstation.
Hands-on experience in using OpenShift for container orchestration with Kubernetes, container storage, automation, to enhance container platform multi-tenancy.
Extensive knowledge on using Terraform and Ansible, migrate legacy and monolithic systems to AWS and managing Ubuntu, Amazon Linux and RHEL virtual servers on AWS EC2 instance by creating Ansible Nodes.
Expertise in using Terraform key features such as Infrastructure as a code, Execution plans, Resource Graphs, Change Automation and extensively used Auto scaling launch configuration templates for launching cloud instances while deploying microservices.
Experience working on several Docker components such as Docker Engine, Machine, Creating Docker Images, Compose, Docker Hub and handling multiple images for middleware installations and domain configuration.
Good knowledge on Deploying and building Java/J2EE, JDBC, Servlets, Spring applications on to the Apache Tomcat server and configured it to host the websites to a web application server in an Agile CI environment besides the ability of developing XML, HTML, Shell Scripts and Perl Scripts and also automated the whole process.
Extensive experience in installing, configuring and administering Jenkins CI tool on Linux machines and used Jenkins pipelines to drive all Microservices builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes.
Experience in configuring, maintaining the CI/CD processes using Jenkins and integrated the tool with Ant and Maven to schedule the builds and Extensively used Jenkins, Git, for implementing Continuous Integration from scratch and optimize the Continuous Integration and troubleshoot the deployment build issues using the triggered logs.
Experience of setting up code repositories like SVN, GIT, and TFS and managed plugins for Jenkins for scheduled automatic checkout of the code.
Expertise in developing Python modules to automate processes in AWS and Automated the cloud deployment using AWS, AWS CLI, Python (Pip, Boto, Boto3) and AWS cloud formation templates also Proficient in scripting for automation & monitoring using Shell Bash, PowerShell, PHP, Java, Python, YAML, Ruby & Perl scripts.
Installation and Configuration of Database Servers like MySQL, MariaDB, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Oracle DB on various Linux Distributions, Oracle Enterprise Linux, RedHat Enterprise Linux, Enterprise Linux.
Experience in maintaining applications by Monitoring Logs Information, Resources usage and Performance and get the Health and Security notifications from AWS nodes by using Monitoring tools like Splunk, ELK (Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana), Datadog, Nagios, Zabbix.
Experience in using Dynatrace to manage the availability and performance of software applications and the impact on user experience in the form of real user monitoring and network monitoring.
Experience in the Agile environment of JIRA refactoring existing components & widgets to keep in sync with the emerging latest trends of AEM and Good understanding of the principles of SCM in Agile, Scrum, and Waterfall methodologies.
Experience in deployment of applications to Oracle WebLogic, JBoss, Apache Tomcat, Nginx and Web Sphere servers.
Experienced in writing and modifying Python/Perl/Groovy/Bash/Java/Power Shell scripts for process automation of systems, applications, backups etc and Automating the installs using Kickstart and building post install scripts using Shell scripting in RHEL Servers.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Cloud Environments
Azure, AWS
Configuration Management
Ansible, Chef, Puppet
CI/CD Tools
Jenkins, Bamboo, Maven, SonarQube, ANT
Container Tools
Docker, Kubernetes
Version Control Tools
GitHub, Subversion, Bitbucket,
Databases
RDBMS, NOSQL, MYSQL, DB2, PostgreSQL, MongoDB
Monitoring Tools
Nagios, Splunk, JIRA
Performance Monitoring Tools
DynaTrace, DataDog, Grafana
Programming
AWS lambda, Python, node.js, Bash,REST APIs, and JSON.
Web Servers
Tomcat, APACHE, JBOSS 4.x/5.x, Web Logic (8/9/10), Web Sphere4.0/5.0 and Nginx
Application Servers
WebLogic Application server 9.x, 10.x, Apache Tomcat 5.x/7.x, Red Hat JBoss 4.22. GA Web Sphere 6.x/7.x/8.x
Networking/Protocol
DNS, DHCP, CISCO Routers/Switches, Palo alto, WAN, TCP/IP, NIS, NFS, SMTP, LAN, FTP/TFTP, Cisco, SMTP, HTTP, HTTPS, HAProxy, NGINX
Virtualization Technologies
VMWare ESXi, Windows Hyper-V, Power VM, Virtual box, Citrix, Xen
Scripting/programming languages
Python, Power shell, Ruby, NodeJS, Groovy, Bash shell, YAML,Core Java, Java/J2EE
Operating System
Linux (RHEL (Red Hat 4/5/6/7), CENTOS & SUSE, Solaris 11/10/9/8, HP-UX 11.0, 11.11, 11.23, 11.31, HPUX11i V1, V2 & V3 Ubuntu 12/13/14, Windows NT /2000/2003, DEBIAN
CERTIFICATIONS
AWS Certified Developer – Associate Validation Number -FZF1BKV2B14EQDWL
Basic Chef Fluency badge.

EDUCATION :
Masters in Computer Science, University of Central Missouri, Warrensberg, MO
Bachelors in Electronics and Communication Engineering, CMR Institute of Technology, Hyderabad
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Bloomin’ Brands Inc, Tampa, FL June 2018 - Present
Sr. DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
Worked on various Azure services like Compute (Web Roles, Worker Roles), Azure Websites, Caching, SQL Azure, Storage, Network services, Azure Active Directory, API Management, Scheduling, Auto Scaling, Logic Apps, Power Shell Automation, Traffic Managers, Load Balancers, Azure SQL Service Fabric, Azure Cache for Redis, Redis Desktop Manager, Azure CDN profiles, Virtual Machines, Virtual machine Scalesets.
Worked extensively with Microsoft Azure Cloud As all our websites are hosted in WebApps, Cloud services and Service Fabric Clusters.
Deployed Azure IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and PaaS role instances (Cloud services) into secure VNets and subnets, designed VNets and subscriptions to conform to Azure Network Limits.
Performed provisioning of IAAS, PAAS Virtual Machines and Web, Worker roles on Microsoft AZURE Classic and Azure Resource Manager, and Deployed Web applications on Azure using PowerShell Workflow.
Used Azure-Devops (Visual Studio Team Services) for pipelining where all our Microservices are configured in All environments, developed powershell scripts and ARM templates to automate the provisioning and deployment process and managed the automated build, delivery and release process for applications in Azure
Used PowerShell scripting to provision Virtual Machine Scale sets in Azure using the image that is available for Sitecore implementation.
Extensively used Swagger and Postman to validate API’s end points, Cloudservices internally.
Published web services APIs using Azure API management service, Implemented Various caching Strategies using API management and CDN profiles.
Implemented containerization using Service Fabric in Azure for less downtime Across all environments and move all the Cloud services in Azure to Service Fabric.
Worked on Configuration of Internal load balancer, load balanced sets and Azure Traffic manager.
Migrated most of the repo’s from team foundation server(TFS) to GIT and configure them in Azure DevOps(VSTS), Implemented continuous integration and automated deployment processes within the pipelines.
Managed code repositories in both TFS and Azure Devops, code merging strategies suggested by Enterprise Architecture and quality checks which are integrated within pipelines.
Worked on provisioning Arm-templates to create a new Sitecore Test environment and replicate them in the other environments as per the requirement.
Created and configured Automated Continues Integration Build and release Pipelines for all microservices in Azure DevOps across multiple projects in Organization.
Provisioned shared infrastructure and applications to reduce costs and improve information flow with all teams (development, QA, DevOps and operations support)
Performed Database replication and run database scripts during production deployments in Azure.
Implemented Disaster recovery in Microsoft Azure for multiple microservices and migrate the implementation to Traffic managers by writing scripts for preventing outages in Production.
Used Service now for Change Management Across Organization to take all releases to production.
Performed Production deployments based on sprint Product backlog items and validated them in Production after the deployment.
Provisioned resources across Microsoft Azure As per the requirements from various teams, and assist them to trouble shoot any issues.
Created and configured the pipelines for Sitecore In order to prevent outage in production and help developers to perform Load testing.
Configured build and release pipelines for deploying the Sitecore code to all Staging environments like Development, Quality Assurance, User Acceptance Testing, Production and Production-Central
Worked with Microsoft based on the tickets raised to figure out the issues with the resources hosted in Cloud to prevent further outages.
Designing and Implementing Azure Cloud Infrastructure by Creating ARM templates for Azure Platform also used Terraform to deploy the infrastructure necessary to create development, test, and production environments for a software development project.
Participated in On Call rotation for Production support in order to prevent any production outages.
Administrated Linux, Ubuntu Servers by enabling auto updates through Azure and Used Shell scripting on them to configure list of machines in Multiple Environments.

Environment: Azure, Azure DevOps, .NET Core(4.7),RBAC, Networking (VPN, NSG, Load Balancer, Firewalls), Compute, Storage, Azure Active Directory, OMS, Azure Site Recovery, Azure Backup, Azure API, Azure Services, Azure Security Center, Azure Monitoring RBAC, Sitecore, AKS, Git, JIRA, VLAN, DNS, DHCP, Hypervisor, PowerShell Windows Servers, Visual Studio, SQL server, RHEL 6.9/7.4, ELK, Terraform, ARM, Shell.

United Airlines, Chicago, IL June 2017 – May 2018
Sr. Cloud/DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Designed and maintained Microsoft Azure environment to include Office 365 and involved in administrative tasks that include Build, Design, Deploy of Azure environment, Azure systems and Permissions security.
Managed Active Directory, Office 365 and applied upgrades on a regular basis Also upgraded administrative tools and utilities besides Configuring and adding new services as necessary and Maintained data center environment and monitored equipment.
Deployed Azure IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and PaaS role instances (Cloud services) into secure VNets and subnets, designed VNets and subscriptions to conform to Azure Network Limits.
Performed provisioning of IAAS, PAAS Virtual Machines and Web, Worker roles on Microsoft AZURE Classic and Azure Resource Manager, and Deployed Web applications on Azure using PowerShell Workflow.
Designed and developed stand-alone data migration applications to retrieve and populate data from Azure Table / BLOB storage to on-premise SQL Server instances.
Managed Azure Infrastructure Azure Web Roles, Worker Roles, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, Azure AD Licenses,Virtual Machine Backup and Recover from a Recovery Services Vault using Azure PowerShell and Portal.
Exported data to Azure Data Lake Stores and stored them in their native formats using different sources, Relational and Semi-structured data using Azure Data Factory.
Responsible for OpenStack project core infrastructure including code review, continuous integration systems, and developer tools and OpenStack Multi-node Installation, Configuration and Administration.
Automated various infrastructure activities like Continuous Deployment, Application Server setup, Stack Monitoring using Ansible playbooks and has integrated Ansible with Run deck and Jenkins also provisioned and patched servers regularly using Ansible.
Used Ansible and Ansible Tower as Configuration management tool, to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploys critical applications, and proactively manages change.
Worked on Docker and Ansible in build automation pipeline and Continuous Deployment of code using Jenkins and wrote Playbooks to automate Ansible servers using YAML scripting and Developed an Ansible role for Zabbix-agent which will be integrated into the to the CICD pipeline.
Written wrapper scripts to automate the deployment of Cookbooks on nodes and running the Chef-client on them in a Chef-Solo environment.
Based on Chef for a wide range of server types designed and developed automated deployment and scaling processes, also maintained multiple cookbooks in Chef by converting production support scripts to Chef recipes to automate the configurations of servers.
Developed Chef recipes and Cookbooks to automate the entire deployment process as well as infrastructure admin tasks, also written chef cookbooks to automate the installation and configuration of Docker VM's, Jenkins master and slave setup using swarm Jenkins plugin on Azure VM's, Weblogic, Websphere, Tomcat, SQL Databases.
Installed and configured a private Docker Registry, authored Docker files to run apps in containerized environments and used Kubernetes to deploy scale, balance the load and manage Docker containers with multiple namespace ids.
Configured applications that run multi-container Docker applications by utilizing the Docker-Compose tool which uses a file configured in YAML format. Used Kubernetes to manage containerized applications using its nodes, Config-Maps, selector, Services and deployed application containers as Pods.
Deploying windows Kubernetes cluster with Azure Container Service (ACS) from Azure CLI and Utilized Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment of the CI/CD system to build, test and deploy.
Involved in setting up Kubernetes Clusters for running microservices and pushed microservices into production with Kubernetes backed Infrastructure. Development of automation of Kubernetes clusters via playbooks in Ansible.
Setting up Kubernetes (k8s) Clusters for running microservices and Pushed them into production with Kubernetes backed Infrastructure.
Implemented Docker -maven-plugin in Maven pom.xml files to build Docker images for all microservices and later used Docker file to build the Docker images from the Java jar files.
Developed Microservice onboarding tools leveraging Python and Jenkins allowing for easy creation and maintenance of build jobs and Kubernetes deploy and services.
Used Maven on Java projects for the development of build artifacts on the source code and worked with MAVEN for building the application, has written maven scripts and shell scripts to automate the build process.
Defined and managed release planning and branching strategy of GIT servers and worked on creating repositories in GIT Stash for multiple applications Configured GIT repositories in CI setup in Jenkins and Injected Groovy scripts in Jenkins for dashboard and customized email triggers.
Wrote Python Scripts to Monitor Variety of Services & Configured kickstart server and updating/applying patches to the servers using RedHat Satellite server.
Managed large amount of structured, semi-structured and partitioned data among all nodes in the cluster using Cassandra.Worked on DynaTrace to troubleshoot the bottlenecks across the Application infrastructure.
Created scripts for system administration using languages such as Python, Ruby and XML. Also developed and maintained shell scripts for build and release ELK, NAGIOS tasks.
Hands on experience on working with System health and performance Monitoring Tools like Splunk and replaced Splunk logging and analytics with an automated ELK cluster, increasing data capture capacity and reducing costs.
Designed workflows in JIRA to deal with issues and maintained all the user stories for tracking as per Agile style.
Analyzed, troubleshooted, and resolved RedHat Linux and Servers, Network problems in a Production Server environment.
Provisioned and Monitored day to day performance monitoring & tuning, disk space issues,Tools related issues, FTP, telnet & application-oriented issues also Planned & Implemented Patch and Package installations in RHEL servers.

Environment: Azure, Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Ansible, Chef, Git, Vagrant, SVN, Maven, JIRA, VLAN, DNS, DHCP, Hypervisor, PowerShell Windows Servers, Visual Studio, SQL server, RHEL 6.9/7.4, Nagios, ELK, Terraform, ARM, Perl, Python, Ruby.

Walmart, Bentonville, AR Jan 2016 –May 2017
Cloud/DevOps engineer

Responsibilities:
Created all the required compatibility architectures and end-to-end migration plan for migrating 3500 Linux/Windows servers and 1500 applications into the AWS cloud using AWS Data Pipeline.
Performed the automation deployments using AWS by creating the IAMs and used the code pipeline plugin to integrate Jenkins with AWS and created the EC2 instances to provide the virtual servers
Wrote Lambda functions in python for AWS Lambda and invoked python scripts for data transformations and analytics on large data sets in EMR clusters and AWS Kinesis data streams.
Wrote multiple Python Scripts to configure and automate the deployment processes and worked on Python Boto module to connect to AWS resources without logging onto AWS Console.
Extensively worked on Setting and building AWS infrastructure using resources VPC, EC2, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, IAM, EBS, Route53, SNS, SES, SQS, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, Security Group, AWS EMR Auto Scaling, HBase, and RDS using CloudFormation templates.
Involved in supporting cloud instances running Windows on AWS, experience with Elastic IP, Security Groups and Virtual Private Cloud in AWS
Using Terraform as a tool, Managed different infrastructure resources Cloud, VMware and Docker containers.
Worked on it for automating VPCs, ELBs, security groups, SQS queues, S3 buckets, and continuing to replace the rest of our infrastructure.
Experience with the design and implementation of big data backup/recovery solutions using HDFS and performed Granular file-level recovery using it.
Deployed EC2 Container Service plugin in Jenkins, which automates the Jenkins master-slave configuration by creating temporary slaves.
Worked on building & deploying Java code through Jenkins, used Jenkins Amazon Web Services (AWS) Code Deploy plugin to deploy to AWS and worked AWS Cloud management.
Wrote Ansible Playbooks with Python SSH as the Wrapper to Manage Configurations of AWS Nodes and Test Playbooks on AWS instances using Python. Used the Ansible Galaxy, a shared repository for the roles to download, share and manage the roles. Automation and deployment templates for relational and non-relational databases including MySQL and Cassandra used in AWS RDS.
Worked with AWS CloudFormation Templates, terraform along with Ansible to render templates and Murano with Orchestration templates in OpenStack Environment, also worked with Ansible YAML Automation scripts to create infrastructure and deploy application code changes autonomously.
Used Ansible playbooks to setup Continuous Delivery pipeline. This primarily consists of a Jenkins and Sonar server, the infrastructure to run these packages and various supporting software components such as Maven.
Deployed and configured Chef Server and Chef Solo including bootstrapping of Chef client nodes for provisioning using a knife and automated by testing Chef recipes, cookbooks with test-kitchen, chef spec.
Wrote Chef Cookbooks for various DB configurations to modularize and optimize end product configuration, converting production support scripts to Chef Recipes and AWS server provisioning using Chef Recipes.
Implemented Chef Recipes for Deployment on build on internal Data Centre Servers. Also re-used and modified same Chef Recipes to create a Deployment directly into Amazon EC2 instances.
Deployed Java applications to Application servers in an agile continuous integration environment and automated the whole process and built scripts using MAVEN build tools in Jenkins, Sonar to move from one environment to another environment.
Installed and administered Artifactory repository to deploy the artifacts generated by Maven and to store the dependent jars which are used during the build.
Worked with Docker Container, container snapshots, attaching to a running container, managing containers, directory structures and removing Docker images.
Extensively Worked on Docker service rolling updates to implement zero downtime PROD deployments and worked with Docker Trusted Registry as repository for our Docker images and worked with Docker container networks communications using Docker Weave.
Provided consistent environment using Kubernetes for deployment scaling and load balancing to the application from dev through production, easier the code development and deployment pipeline and worked on container-based deployments using Docker and cluster management environment by using Kubernetes.
Used GIT for Branching, Merging, Tagging and maintaining the version across the environments on Linux platforms. Also, Designed and implemented GIT metadata including elements, labels, attributes, triggers and hyperlinks and performed necessary day to day GIT support for different projects.
Wrote Python scripts using the Boto3 library to automatically spin up the instances in AWS EC2 and OpsWorks stacks and integrated with Auto scaling with configured AMI's.
Used Nagios as a monitoring tool to identify and resolve infrastructure problems before they affect critical processes and worked on Nagios Event handlers in case of an automatic restart of failed applications and services.
Installed, Configured, Managed monitoring tools like Datadog, Dynatrace, Cloud Watch for Resource Monitoring, Network Monitoring, Log Trace Monitoring.
Generated reports on different bugs and tickets using JIRA/ Bug tracking. Created & solved blocked or unassigned tickets.
Configured commercial SSL certificates for Applications Servers such as WebSphere, WebLogic, Tomcat using NGINX and Apache web servers to terminate SSL endpoint.
Migrated the Current Linux Environment to AWS-RHEL Linux Environment and Administered Linux/Unix servers by applying relative Patches using RedHat Satellite Server also performed Kickstart to automate installation process.
Environment: Amazon Web Services (AWS) (EC2, Cloud Front, Cloud Watch, RDS, ELB, EBS, S3, Route53, SNS, SQS, KMS, Cloud Trail, IAM, Cloud Formation, EMR,Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), LDAP, Terraform), Java/J2EE,GIT,Maven, Jenkins, Chef, Ansible, ELK RedHat Linux, Docker, Kubernetes, Bash, shell, Python, Tomcat.
Virgin Pulse, Appleton, WI May 2014 – October 2015
DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Worked with Amazon AWS Cloud Services, (EC2, S3, EBS, ELB, Cloud Watch, Elastic IP, Glacier, IAM, VPC, Cloud Formation, Route53) and managing security groups on AWS, focusing on high-availability and auto-scaling.
Worked on AWS cloud to provision new instances, S3 Storage Services, AWS EC2, Cloud watch services and CI/CD pipeline management through Jenkins.
Used AWS Beanstalk for deploying and scaling web applications and services developed with Java, .Net, PHP, Node.js, Python & to perform application health checks.
Integrated AWS Lambda with AWS DynamoDB to automatically respond to events in DynamoDB streams, Also Involved in writing java API for Amazon Lambda to manage some of the AWS services.
Python Scripting in DevOps, to model and manage the entire application from load balancers to a database.
Utilized AWS CLI to automate backups of ephemeral data-stores to S3 buckets, EBS and create nightly AMIs for mission critical production servers as backups.
Worked with various PCF components like OAuth2 server, login server to provide identity management & Cloud Controller to configure deployment of applications.
Ensured successful architecture and deployment of enterprise grade PaaS solutions using Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) as well as proper operation during initial application migration and net new development.
Wrote Chef Cookbooks for various DB configurations to modularize and optimize product configuration, converting production support scripts to Chef Recipes and AWS server provisioning using Chef Recipes.
Installed, deploy, and configure Chef Server Enterprise on-premise/ workstation. Bootstrapped the nodes using Knife and automated by testing Chef recipes/Cookbooks with Test-kitchen/spec.
Used Chef to automate the deployment workflow of JAVA applications on Apache Tomcat server.
Developed Ansible playbooks for managing the application/OS configuration files in GitHub, integrating with Jenkins, and Verifying with Jenkins plugins, deploying the application into the Linux Environment.
Handled configuration-management, application deployment, cloud provisioning, ad-hoc task-execution, and multimode orchestration using Ansible.
Created Docker images using a Docker file, worked on Docker container snapshots, removing images, and managing Docker volumes.
Defined dependencies and plugins in Maven (pom.xml) for various activities and integrated Maven with GIT to manage and deploy project related tags.
Used Version Control tool, SVN to create branches and implement parallel development process.
Implemented a GIT mirror for SVN repository, which enables users to use both GIT and SVN.
Python Scripting in DevOps, to model and manage the entire application from load balancers to a database.
Maintained Bitbucket Repositories which includes Jenkins and JIRA Integration, creating new repositories, enabling GIT to ignore, branching, merging, creating pull requests and the access control strategies from Bitbucket.
Installed and Configured the Apache Tomcat application servers for Dev and Integration Test Environments. Automated the process of deployment to Apache Tomcat Application Servers by developing Java Scripts,Perl Scripts and python scripts.
Developed a Shell script
Contact this candidate