Deepak G
Senior Devops Cloud Engineer
adyof3@r.postjobfree.com
404-***-****

Professional experience:
A Fast-paced software professional with 8+ years of experience in IT industry comprising of Linux System Administration, DevOps Engineering, and in automating, building, releasing of code from one environment to other environment and deploying to servers. Extensive experience includes AWS, DevOps, SCM, Build/Release Management and Cloud Management and Containerization.
Have Experience in all phases of the software development life cycle (SDLC) with specific focus on the build and release of quality software. Experienced in Waterfall, Agile/Scrum and most recently Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment (CD) practices.
Designed and created multiple deployment strategies using CI/CD Pipelines using Jenkins.
Familiar with Docker components like Docker Engine, Docker Registry and Docker HUB. Experience in using Kubernetes to deploy and maintain a set of applications and services.
Experience in working on version control systems like GIT, Subversion, and used Source code management client tools like Git Bash, Bit Bucket GitHub, Git GUI and other command line applications etc.
Extensive experience using MAVEN, ANT and Xcode as build tools for the building of deployable artifacts from source code.
Expert in implementing continuous integration and deployment pipelines using Jenkins, Maven, Artifactory, Nexus, Sonar, Octopus, Ansible and Rundeck.
Experienced in Querying RDBMS such as Oracle, MY SQL and SQL Server
Expertise in implementation and maintenance of Apache HTTP, SMTP, DNS, TCP/IP, Security Management & Security troubleshooting skills.
Experience on working with various OS like Linux (Red hat, Ubuntu, CentOS), UNIX, Windows.
Proficient in tracing complex build problems, release issues and Implemented Continuous Integration and deployment using various CI Tools like Jenkins, Hudson, Bamboo, Chef, Puppet, Ansible.
Strong experience creating ANT/MAVEN with Ansible scripts for deployment. Experience with Maven (Pom.xmls) and Ant (build. xmls)
Worked as Build/Release/Deployment/Operations (DevOps)Engineer with understanding of principles of C/C++, python, and Java platform.
Experience with AWS Command line interface and PowerShell for automating administrative tasks. Defined AWS Security Groups which acted as virtual firewalls that controlled the traffic reaching one or more AWS EC2, LAMBDA instances.
Hand-On experience in Implementing, Build and Deployment of CI/CD pipelines, managing projects often includes tracking multiple deployments across multiple pipeline stages (Dev, Test/QA staging and production). Implement CI/CD tools Upgrade, Backup, Restore, API call, DNS, LDAP and SSL setup.
Extensively worked on continuous integration technologies like Jenkins.
Installed, Configured, Managed Monitoring Tools such as ELK Stack, Splunk, Nagios, AppDynamics & Created and wrote shell scripts Python and PowerShell for automating tasks.
Used Terraform to map more complex dependencies and identify network issue. Hands on experience on Terraform a tool for building, changing, and versioning infrastructure safely and efficiently.
Created and Maintained Chef Recipes and cookbooks to simplify and expedite deployment of applications and mitigate user error.
Used Python programming and language to develop a working and efficient network within the company. Utilized Python in the handling of all hits on Django Redis and other applications. Performed research regarding Python Programming and its uses and efficiency.

Technical skills:

SCM Tools
Subversion, GIT, CVS, AWS and Stash.
CI & Configuration Tools
Hudson, JENKINS, Bamboo 5.11 / Ansible, CHEF, PUPPET.
Build Tools / Orchestration Tools
ANT, MAVEN, Gradle, Terraform, Salt stalk / Docker, Kubernetes.
Operating System
Windows 98/XP/NT/2000/2003/2008, UNIX, IOS, Red Hat LINUX, Ubuntu, Fedora.
Bug Tracker & Testing Tools
JIRA, Bugzilla, Remedy, Junit, IBM Clear, Quest, Findbug Static
Monitoring Tools
Nagios, Splunk, Elasticsearch, Logstash, Cloudwatch, CloudTrail.
Analytics / Networking
SAS Studio, R / DNS, DHCP, CISCO Routers/Switches,NFS, SMTP, LAN, FTP/TFTP.
Databases
Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, DB2, RDS, NoSQL- MongoDB,
Tools
MS Office Suite, Nexus, Atlassian Confluence.
SDLC
Agile, Scrum, Waterfall Methodologies.
Languages
C, C++, SQL, .NET, PYTHON, HashiCorp Spring, Ruby, Objective C, Java/J2EE, shell, Perl, bash
Scripts
Shell Script, CMake, Batch Script, Groovy, Perl Script, PowerShell Script, JASON, YAMEL
Web Technologies
Servlets, JDBC, JSP, HTML, Java Script, XML, JSON.
Web/App servers
WebLogic, Web Sphere, Apache Tomcat, RHEL, JBOSS.
Cloud Services
Azure, OpenStack, Google Cloud Platform (GCP), AWS, Amazon EC2 &amp, S3.
Virtualization
VMware ESX/ESXI, Power VM, Virtual Box, Citrix Xen, KVM

Project experience:
Client: Thomson Reuters, Eagan, MN May 2021 – Till Date
Role: Senior Devops cloud Engineer
Responsibilities:
Experience in Configuring Ansible playbooks for Provisioning applications to get them deployed on to Non-PROD and Prod Servers
Wrote Python Code using Ansible Python API to Automate Cloud Deployment Process.
Hands-on experience with Amazon Web services (AWS) and implemented solutions using EC2, S3, and RDS in Cloud Formation JSON templates, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto Scaling Groups, Auto scaling launch Configuration and Auto scaling Lifecycle Hooks.
Worked on AWS Cloud Watch, Cloud Formation, Cloud Trail Services, and cloud front to set up and manage the cached content delivery.
Involved in the process of utilizing Terraform and Ansible to migrate monolithic systems to Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Written Cloud Formation Templates (CFT) in JSON and YAML format to build the AWS services with the paradigm of Infrastructure as a Code.
Automated deployment of application using deployment tool (Ansible). Work with product owners to understand desired application capabilities and testing scenarios.
Developed and managed cloud VM’s with AWS EC2 command-line clients and management console. Created AWS Route53 to route traffic between different regions and alarms and notifications for EC2 instances using Cloud Watch.
Administering Active Directory and User & Group administration. Provisioned Azure resources like SQL Database, Web App, Storage Account, Redis Cache, Virtual Machine, and HDInsight using Azure Resource Manager (ARM).
Experience in build and release, SCM, GCP, AWS, Environment, CI/CD and DevOps methodologies.
Experience in working on Terraform for provisioning the environments in GCP.
Involved in migrating the existing Azure infrastructure into v2 (ARM), scripting and templating the whole end to end process as possible. Configuring the Azure Load Balancer to Load balance incoming traffic to VM's.
Hands on Experience in designing and implementing Service Oriented Architecture underlined with Ingress and Egress using Azure Data Lake Store & Azure Data Factory by adding storage blobs to lakes for analytic results and so pull data from Azure data lake to the Storage Blobs.
Installed and configured HashiCorp consul and vault. Integrated vault with Terraform to store secrets/password while provisioning the infrastructure in cloud environment.
Integrated Hashicorp consul with Jenkins to replace the property values in the scripts from key/value store.
Experience in using Cloud Infrastructure management and Implementation Working experience on various Azure services like Compute (Web Roles. Worker Roles). Azure Websites. Caching, SQL Azure, NoSQL Storage Network services. Azure Active Directory, Scheduling, Auto Scaling, and Power Shell Automation.
Working as a Kubernetes Administrator, I'm involved in web app, Azure App services, Azure Application insights, Azure Application gateway, Azure DNS, Azure traffic manager, and App services configuration.
Worked on openshift platform in managing docker containers and Kubernetes clusters and created Kubernetes clusters using ansible playbooks.
Involved in development of Test environment on Docker containers and configuring the Docker containers using Kubernetes, Maven, Nexus, Nagios.
Installed and Administered Jenkins CI for ANT and Maven Builds and installation, Configuration and Management of RDBMS and NoSQL tools such as Dynamo DB.
Use of docker along with AWS for advanced containerization of applications for next level of application with 2-way SSL support.

Environment: Ansible, Python, Azure, AWS, Json, CI/CD, Jenkins, ANT, Jira, YAML, Maven, NOSQL, SQL, MYSQL, Docker, Cloud formation, GCP, EC2, S3, XML, HashiCorp, Dynamo DB, Kubernetes, Git, VMware, Terraform.

Client: American Equity, DesMoines, IA Mar 2019 – Apr 2021
Role: Devops Cloud Engineer
Responsibilities:

Administrating and supporting company’s Azure kubernetes infrastructure, ensuring it is secure, resilient and performance and responsible for complete DevOps activities and coordinating with development team.
Created, Configured and managed a cluster of VMs that are preconfigured to run containerized applications using Azure Container services and also designed and integrated pivotal cloud foundry on Microsoft Azure.
Worked as Kubernetes Administrator, involved in configuration for web apps, Azure App services, Azure Application insights, Azure Application gateway, Azure DNS, Azure traffic manager, App services.
Implemented a Kubernetes Container Orchestration solution within OpenStack allowing for easy management, creation & recovery of OpenStack assets.
Experience in reducing the cost for compute engines in GCP as per utilization of services.
Experience in migrating the legacy application into GCP platform.
Trouble shooting application performances issues using weblogic,Jboss, AppDynamics logs, configurations and deploying continuously dockerized application environments on openshift platform –kubernates.
Managing the openshift cluster that includes scaling up and down the app nodes.
Expertise with enterprise cloud solutions like platform as a service(Openshift by Redhat), containers, kubernetes, cloud management(Redhat Cloud Forms) and IT automation(Ansible by Redhat)
Integrated Jenkins with Docker container using Cloud Bees Docker pipeline plugin to drive all micro services builds out to the Docker Registry and then deployed to Kubernetes. Integrated Selenium automation regression test suite in Jenkins build pipeline.
Wrote Json and Yaml templates for Cloud formation and ruby scripts for Chef automation and contributing to our repository on GitHub.
Perform day-to-day operation and troubleshooting of VMs and Docker swarm in GCP.
Worked on Hashi Corp vault and Hashi Corp consul which we use vault for storing of all our secrets, Password.
Automated deployments to Linux, Windows servers using Shell and PowerShell scripts.
Created and maintained the Python deployment scripts for Web Sphere web application server.
Implemented Maven builds for creating JAR'S, WAR'S and WAR'S managed the artifacts generated by Maven in the Nexus repository.
Worked on Chef Delivery for Continuous Delivery. Introduced Hashi Corp vault for secure secret storage.
Implemented Hashi Corp Consul for service discovery.
Automated MySQL container deployment in Docker using Python. Involved in creating and working through Docker images, containers and Docker Consoles for managing Application Life cycle.
Created the ANT scripts and extension of existing ANT scripts for deployment of applications to HUDSON
Used Docker coupled with load-balancing tool Nginx, to achieve Continuous Delivery goal on high scalable environment.
Developed Python scripts to automate the Build and deployment process for deploying the web services and created Bash, shell and python scripts for various Systems Administration tasks to automate repeated processes.
Configured Apache tomcat server using Ansible and Performed Deployment of War files in Tomcat application servers using Shell script and Ansible.
Worked on integrating Ansible Tower with cloud environment, provided role-based access control, setup job monitoring, email notifications, scheduled jobs, multi-playbook workflow to chain playbooks.
Managed build and deployment scripts using Ansible, triggered the jobs using Jenkins to move from one environment to across all the environments.
Used GIT as source code management tool, created local repo, cloned the repo and performed add, commit, push, stash, branching, created tags operations. Defined branching, labeling and merge strategies for all applications in GIT.

Environment: Azure, Kubernetes, Azure data lake, Jenkins, Docker, Json, Yaml, Chef, Hashi Corp, SQL, NOSQL, Selenium, MYSQL, Python, Micro services, GitHub, Tomcat, Linux, Bash, shell, Ant, Maven, Ansible, GIT.

Client: Safe Way, Pleasanton, CA Jan 2017 – Feb 2019
Role: Devops Engineer
Responsibilities:

Written Chef Cookbooks for various DB configurations to modularize and optimize end product configuration, converting production support scripts to Chef Recipes and AWS server provisioning using Chef Recipes.
Developed automation scripting in Python (core) using Chef to deploy and manage Java applications across Linux servers.
Written Terraform scripts to automate AWS services which include ELB, Cloud Front distribution, EC2, database security groups, Route 53, VPC, Subnets, Security Groups, and S3 Bucket and converted existing AWS infrastructure to AWS Lambda deployed via Terraform and AWS Cloud Formation.
Orchestrated and migrated CI/CD processes using Cloud Formation and Terraform templates and Containerized the infrastructure using Docker, which was setup in Vagrant, AWS and VPCs
Used Docker for virtualization, run, ship, and deploy the application securely to fasten the build/release engineering and used Kubernetes in managing and monitoring the cluster.
Implemented the automation deployments using AWS by creating the IAMs and used the Code Pipeline plugin to integrate Jenkins with AWS and created the EC2 instances to provide the virtual servers.
Experience in AWS, which included managing applications in the cloud and creating instances using EC2 and integrating various AWS services like ELB, S3, RDS, API Gateway
Worked on designing and deploying a multi-tier application utilizing almost all of the main services of the AWS stack (like EC2, S3, RDS, VPC, IAM, ELB, Cloud watch, Route 53, Lambda and Cloud Formation) focused on high - availability, fault tolerance environment.
Implemented Hashi Corp tools like Vagrant, Terraform, Consul, Vault.
Created Docker Images & Docker Containers using Terraform Scripts. Used these containers for branching purposes & deployed with Amazon Elastic Beanstalk.
Configured Simple Storage Service (S3) Buckets for EBS backed Snapshots and versioning for data backups and leveraged AWS cloud as an extension of the corporate data centre by creating a VPN connection between corporate data centre and Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) using Customer and Virtual Private Gateways.
Developed build used Maven as build tools and used CI tools to kick off the builds move from one environment to other environments. Working with setting up of Continuous Integration processes with build, release, and test. Utilized internal tools and Jenkins tools to perform and implement Continuous Integration processes.
Written multiple Chef Cookbooks in Ruby Script Implemented environments, roles, data bags in Chef for better environment management. Setup Chef Server, workstation, client and wrote scripts to deploy applications.
Responsible for design and maintenance of the GIT Repositories, views, Branches, Merges, and the access control strategies and implemented Subversion and GIT metadata including elements, labels, attributes, triggers and hyperlinks. Used tools like JIRA, IBM Clear Quest for bug tracking and ticketing.

Environment: AWS, Python, Terraform, Java, Linux, CI/CD, Docker, Jenkins, EC2, S3, RDS, VPC, IAM, ELB, Cloud watch, Route 53, Lambda, Hashi Corp, Cloud Formation, Maven, Ruby, Git, Jira.

Client: Isoft, Bangalore, India Sep 2015 – Oct 2016
Role: Build and Release Engineer
Responsibilities:

Build and release software baselines, code merges, branch and label creation and interfaced between development and infrastructure. Performed all necessary day-to-day Subversion support for different projects.
Configured Jenkins daily periodic backups for Jenkins config and plugins files.
Implemented Puppet applies using Subversion and Cron jobs.
Created views and appropriate meta-data, performed merges, and executed builds on a pool of dedicated build machines.
Developed and implemented Software Release Management strategies for various applications according to the agile process.
Deployed the Java applications into web application servers like Apache Tomcat.
Implemented Cloud Trail to capture the events related to API calls made to AWS infrastructure, involved in scripting java API for Amazon Lambda to manage some of the AWS services.
Involved in writing the packer scripts to generate the machine images for AWS.
Installed packages using YUM and Red Hat Package Manager (RPM) on various servers.
Using Jenkins AWS Code Deploy plug-in to deploy to AWS.
Involved in AWS architectural design to provision the AWS resources.
Used Atlas Sian JIRA as issue tracking and ticketing tool.
Implemented Subversion branching and merging operations for Java Source Code.
Integrated Jenkins Build pipeline plugin for managing multi project jobs efficiently.
Experienced in Automating, Configuring, Securing and deploying infrastructure in AWS environment using with Terraform, Ansible, Cloud Formation, AWS Lambda.

Environment: Jenkins, Puppet, Cron, Java, Apache Tomcat, AWS, Jira, Terraform, Ansible, Cloud Formation, AWS Lamba.

Client: BHP, Hyderabad, India July 2014 – Aug 2015
Role: Linux Admin
Responsibilities:

Handling standard UNIX services like SSH, FTP, NFS, CIFS, NIS, LDAP, DNS, Samba and DHCP.
Creating and managing user and service accounts.
Experience in system audit report like number of logins, success & failures.
Performed routine LVM tasks like replacing failed drives, adding new volume groups, extending volume
Management of Red Hat LINUX user accounts, groups, directories, file permissions & Sudo rules. Packaged software & maintained repositories using Yum or RPM & Apt or DEB distribution systems.
Experienced in task like managing User Accounts, Groups, Disks management and File systems in Linux platform.
Configured Oracle Engineered Systems Services include architecture, administration, patching, maintenance, capacity planning.
Configured & Administered various tools which supports Agile methodology like Nagios, Artifactories and various other services like Apache services, JBOSS, Nginx also MySQL, PHP.
Written Shell Scripts for automation of daily tasks, documented the changes that happen in the environment & in each server, analyzed error logs, user logs.
Reviewing system log files for errors, monitoring system performance and setting up cron jobs for backups and monitoring processes
groups/LVM/file system, exporting and importing volume group for hardware migration.
Troubleshooting of day-to-day problems including the network issues, file storage, application issues, and memory.
RPM and YUM package installations, patch and server management.
Creating Templates for Linux VM's those are used for deploying for the environments.
Imported and managed multiple corporate applications into Subversion (SVN).
Responsible for the Plugin Management, User Management, Build/Deploy Pipeline Setup and End-End Job

Environment: Unix, Linux, Cron, Red hat, Oracle, Apache, Jboss, MYSQL, PHP.

Educational details:

Bachelors in Technology(Electronics and Communication) - JNTU-2014
Contact this candidate