Henry Serrano
**** *********** ** *
Round Rock, TX 78665
cell - 512-***-****
email - adz5nt@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Self motivated and tech-savvy DevOps professional with over a decade of experience designing, building and supporting highly available Windows and Linux systems. I am proficient with the following:
● Automation (Puppet, Ansible, Terraform, Packer and Cloudformation)
● AWS (ec2, VPC, lambda, codebuild, rds, redshift, sqs, sns and s3)
● Monitoring (Zenoss, Check_Mk, DataDog, VictorOps and PagerDuty)
● CDNs (Cloudfront, CloudFlare and Fastly)
● Logging (ELK, Splunk and Sumologic)
● CI/CD (Jenkins, Gitlab and Github)
● Scripting (bash, powershell and python)
● Web Servers (IIS, Apache and Tomcat)
● Virtualization (VMWare, KVM, Hyper-V and OpenVZ)
● Container Orchestration (Docker Swarm, ECS and
Kubernetes)
● Kubernetes management (Helm and kubectl)
● Infrastructure testing (kitchen-terraform and terratest)
● Database Administration (MS SQL Server, MySQL and MongoDB)
● Incident response
● Active Directory
● Kanban
EDUCATION
Tarrant County College, Ft. Worth
TX — Graphic Arts, 1998-2000
EXPERIENCE
Staff Cloud Engineer, Contrast Security
Austin, TX — 2022 - 2023
At Contrast I was part of a distributed Cloud Engineering team that was responsible for building, maintaining and scaling our SaaS environments using infrastructure as code (IaC). Accomplishments
● Worked closely with the Data Engineering team to design and build out automated reporting for the Executive Team.
● Management and maintenance of multiple Kubernetes clusters in multiple AWS regions.
● Designed, implemented and maintained AWS IAM
policies and roles, ensuring least privilege. This involved crafting granular policies that granted only the necessary permissions to users, groups, and roles, minimizing security risks and adhering to industry best practices.
● Monitoring and alert triage with DataDog, Sumologic and Splunk On-Call..
● Automated application database user provisioning and management with Terraform.
● Participated in on-call rotation to provide 24/7 support for critical system and infrastructure issues. Responded promptly to incidents, including but not limited to system outages, performance degradation ensuring minimal
downtime and data loss.
CloudOps Engineer III, Kasasa
Austin, TX — 2017 - 2022
At Kasasa I work closely with our Dev teams to assist in designing and building highly available scalable infrastructure to support our wide range of products. Also work closely with our Data Science team to assist with deploying and troubleshooting our Machine Learning workflows.
Accomplishments
● Assisted with migration from our colo facility to AWS.
● Assisted with migration to Kubernetes from ECS
● Implemented monitoring using Datadog for our Cloud resources.
● Built out the deployment and monitoring of our Machine Learning workflows using Packer, Ansible, Terraform, Rundeck and DataDog.
● Automated our system updates of our Windows
workloads using AWS Lambda service and EC2
snapshots.
Sr. Systems Administrator, Revionics
Austin, TX — 2015 - 2017
At Revionics I supported ~900 Linux and Windows servers, 2 data centers and 2 different Cloud providers. I implemented automation and processes to streamline the provisioning and maintenance of these servers. I also assisted with the buildout of our Austin data center and expansion of our Sacramento data center.
Accomplishments
● Introduced and implemented Puppet for configuration management and automation. We have over 200 servers provisioned and managed by Puppet.
● Implemented a distributed monitoring solution with a single pane of glass to monitor our servers running in our different data centers and cloud providers.
● Introduced Packer and Jenkins to build out and automate our VMware template creation.
● Implemented a highly available centralized log collection and storage solution with an ELK stack, Consul and RabbitMQ.
● Setup PagerDuty for on-call rotation for the DevOps, DBA and Science Support teams.
● Introduced Slack for distributed team collaboration. Systems Administrator, BancVue
Austin, TX — 2011-2015
At BancVue I built and supported systems with automation in mind. Worked closely with Dev teams to design and deploy code on a weekly basis. I also supported tools used by the Dev teams such as version control, artifact repositories and continuous integration tools.
Accomplishments
● Assisted with building out 2 data centers, this included ordering, racking and provisioning equipment.
● Built and support MS SQL Clusters and MongoDB replica sets.
● Implemented Puppet on Windows for configuration
management.
● Created a provisioning process for deploying and configuring Windows systems on OpenStack.
IT Support Engineer, Movero
Austin, TX — 2008-2011
Supported and deployed customer facing web applications. Administered web servers, phone system, knowledge base and internal ticketing system. Also provided desktop support to help desk and all other internal employees.
Accomplishments
● Designed an on call process for help desk agents that worked overnight to assist with heavy call volume during the day.
● Streamlined Windows desktop provisioning for help desk agents.
● Supported and administered open source applications and phone system to reduce IT costs.
● Trained and mentored junior admins.
● Consistently recognized for performance and quality of my work.
Contact this candidate