Oluwatoyin Mojekwu
MD, *****
{***}-***-**** adz6xy@r.postjobfree.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/toyin-m-j-b72018259
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY.
Team-oriented AWS Cloud engineer/ Solutions Architect with experience, in system and network administration, and overall cloud development and Management of infrastructures. Experienced using and leveraging various aws services, including but not limited to Amazon EC2, S3,Load Balancers, Security Groups, NACLS, Route 53, Networking, and its various components proficient with Infrastructure as code using tools like Cloud Formation & Terraform. Furthermore, I am knowledgeable with IAAS, PAAS and SAAS. I also have direct experience executing successful business transformation projects, decoupling applications a performing data Analytics. Furthermore, I have excellent communication skills and a quick learning ability.
TECHNICAL SKILLS.
Cloud Orchestration & IAC: CloudFormation, Ansible, Terraform and SSM.
Security, Identity, & Compliance: IAM, SSO, KMS, Network Firewall & Network Manger, CloudTrail, Security Groups, NACLs, AWS Inspector, WAF & Shield.
Programming Languages: JSON, Bash, HCL, Yaml, Groovy, PowerShell, Shell Scripting.
Networking & Content Delivery: EC2, VPC, Subnets, NACL, Route53, Auto Scaling, ELB, SNS, SQS, VPC Peering, TGW, IGW, NGW, Routing.
Migration: CART, ADS, MGN, DMS
DevOps: Git, GitHub, Kubernetes, CI/CD, Docker, Jenkins, SonarQube, Jfrog
Management & Governance: AWS Organizations, Auto Scaling, Control Tower.
Application Decoupling: SNS, SQS, Kinesis Streams, Kinesis Firehose.
Data Analytics: Athena, Amazon Quick sight, Amazon OpenSearch
Monitoring Tools: Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, AWS Config, AWS Trusted Advisor, APM.
Service Storage: EBS, EFS, S3, NFS, Databases
Ticketing Tools: Service Now, Jira

WORK HISTORY.
AWS CLOUD ENGINEER 11/2021 to Current
Top Group Technologies

Collaborated with enterprise architecture, information security, and infrastructure teams in an aim to smoothen company processes.
Carried out Migration Projects, assisted in both the Assess and Mobilized phases respectively using the Cart, Ads tools respectively also coordinated the daily immersion days.
Designed and implemented scalable environments in the cloud, using Infrastructure as code i.e., Terraform, Ansible. Also, Supported and contributed to design evaluation.
Optimized cost with reserved instances, selection and changing of EC2 instance types based on resource need, S3 storage classes and policies, and Autoscaling.
Recommended and implemented Disaster recovery strategies in an end to ensure business continuity.
Decoupled applications using tools like Amazon SQS, SNS, KINESIS and performed big data analytics using tools like Amazon Athena on S3 and Amazon OpenSearch on big data warehouse databases.
Monitored infrastructure and applications using AWS services such as Cloud watch, Cloud Trail, & AWS Config, also designed adequate disaster recovery strategies using AWS Backup, snapshots, cross region replication and more .
Recommended and implemented security best practices in cloud environment including the use of MFA, automated key rotation, encryption using KMS, creation and configuration of firewalls such as, security groups and NACLs.

AWS SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT 10/2019 to 11/2021
Pinnacle Technology

Designed and architected self-healing, secured, highly available and fault tolerant infrastructure in AWS.
Developed architecture diagrams for the production environments using draw.io & Lucid chart.
Recommended the use of AWS services including but not limited to the use of, Reserved instances, the different S3 storage classes, Autoscaling groups, Instance schedulers all in an aim to Optimize Cost in my environment.
Recommended the use of AWS Trusted advisor in the environment to make our
environments more proficient and recommended solutions based on its findings.
Architected and implemented continuous integration and deployment pipelines using Code Pipeline, Code Commit, Code Build and Code Deploy.
Recommended databases in our environment be deployed in private subnets and configured bastion hosts not forgetting NAT Gateways for internet access.
Designing highly available solutions for various customer use cases whether be it for authentication and access, database, compute, or storage purposes.
Recommended the use of notification tools such as SNS, SES, SMS notifications and CloudWatch to monitor infrastructures in the cloud, also recommended the use of CloudWatch Rum to get better insights on applications all in the aim to improve them

AWS ASSOCIATE CLOUD ADMINISTRATOR 08/2017 to 09/2019
E-Distributions Systems

Assisted in the creation and management of user Accounts, Profiles and assisted in securing them.
Participated in company provided trainings to enhance personal job skills and knowledge.
Worked with various teams within the organization in brainstorming new ideas, troubleshooting user issues, designing new infrastructure also performing new hire orientation as well.
Assisted in the Management of Amazon Web Services, such as VPC’S, IAM, COMPUTE as well as S3 resources respectively.
Assisted in the Architecting and implementation of AWS Cloud’s cost-effective solution.
for non-Production environments. Also, with the configuration of CloudWatch alarm rules for operational and performance metrics for our AWS resources and applications.
Assisted clients in installing, configuring, and maintaining different cloud services, whilst working with cloud engineers and other cloud management teams to perform tests and make sure everything is properly configured and works.
Installed and configured the AWS CLI to make API calls to AWS console.
EDUCATION/ CERTIFICATIONS.
-Lagos State University - Lagos Nigeria Bachelor of Arts
Mass Communication
-AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate
Contact this candidate