Sarah Paulino
Boston MA 781-***-**** adz95c@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
AWS Cloud Engineer and DevOps Engineer and adaptable IT professional with over 5 years experience on the AWS platform and Devops engineering. Result driven and has proven success leading cloud operations in AWS environments, with expertise in cloud governance & compliance, security, identity access management, monitoring and event management. Background as DevOps engineer, enhancing Devops principles especially collaboration between teams, creating automation with terraform templates, continuous improvements with CI/CD pipelines, building customer centric solutions while keeping the end goal in mind. Innovative in analyzing, disasters, and finding cost effective solutions that meet clients demands. Dedicated at establishing realistic goals and enforcing deadlines alongside providing solutions for any company.
Skills
AWS Identity and access management: Groups, user
management, Policies and permission.
AWS Networking content delivery: VPC, NACLs, Security Groups, Route 53, Transit Gateway, CloudFront
AWS Security: AWS KMS, WAF, SHIELD, AWS Security Hub, AWS Guard Duty, AWS Secrets Manager.
Configuration and automation tool: Infrastructure as a Code (IAC), Terraform, Ansible, CloudFormation, AWS Config Rules, AWS Systems Manager, AWS SSM
Parameter Store. Kubernetes cluster, containers
orchestration management tool: EKS, ECR, ECS
including private clusters on prem.
Migration: Data migration, Server and Application. Storage: S3, EBS, EFS, ECS, Snapshot Lifecyle Manager, Service Catalog, Databases (SQL, No SQL).
Management and notification: AWS SNS, Billing. AWS CloudWatch (Events & Logs), AWS Trusted Advisor.
Experience
DEVOPS ENGINEER 12/2020 - Current
Jetblue - New York, NY
Server patching and upgrades using AWS systems manager service for pre-production and production environment. Delivering of highly available, robust architecture using multiple AWS services to deliver them. Deployment of microservices for client-based application using Kubernetes (EKS) with clusters using EC2, ECS, Fargate or Lambda and managing Kubernetes with Kubernetes package manager (Helm). Build and deploy applications from scratch using IaC tools like Cloudformation, Terraform developing templates, stack sets, drift detection and using several modules and resources available for clients use case. Implementing security best practices in AWS including access key rotation, multi-factor authentication, role-based permissions, enforced strong password policy, configure security groups and NACLs, S3 bucket policies etc. Built high-performing, available, resilient, and efficient 3- tier architecture for customer applications, and performed reviews for architecture and infrastructure builds, following AWS best practices. Build and deploy fully functioning CICD pipeline for software/application development or upgrades to existing applications using Jenkins, SonarQube, GIT as source control, Maven, Kubernetes, Ansible and other tools. Monitoring end-to-end infrastructure using, AWS Security Hub, CloudTrail, AWS Config and linked config rule with auto remediation using AWS system manager.
CLOUD ENGINEER 03/2017 - 11/2020
Alaska Airlines - Seattle
Worked closely with Engineering teams to design solutions that solve business problems from an enterprise perspective
Model and document solutions to help communicate current state, future state to all levels within the organization Develop system health assessments and checks
Worked in a diverse technical team responsible for ensuring the reliability, efficiency and security of Cloud Investigated and identified fixes for networking issues that impacted the airline Code and deploy infrastructure leveraging Availability Zones/Availability Sets Implemented auto scaling features, policies, and specify virtual hardware to optimize for low cost and high application performance
APPLICATIONS ADMINISTRATOR I 06/2014 - 03/2017
Alaska Airlines - Seattle
Tracked and monitored application availability and performance and responded appropriately when performance standards are not met
Offered solutions on how to deliver the best value, sustainability, and extensibility on each business request submitted Optimized cost through reserved instances, S3 storage classes and S3 lifecycle policies, leveraging Autoscaling policies and lifecycle hooks etc.
Enhanced security and High Availability (HA) for the production environment Created CloudWatch filters for CloudTrail and AWS Config configuration changes to ensure sustained visibility to activities performed in the AWS account and configuration items within the account. SYSTEMS OPERATIONS CONTROL (SOC) CREW CONTROLLER 04/2012 - 06/2014 Alaska Airlines - Seattle
Focused on the daily operation and operational factors including, irregular operations, weather events, emergency response, and service recovery.
Primary point of contact for Flight Ops, Inflight, and other SOC employees regarding contractual interpretation, staffing challenges and Crew Scheduling impacts.
Developed solutions for crew related operational issues and formulate potential crew recovery plans. Monitor real-time operation activity, crew staffing to prevent crew cancellations and/or minimize crew delays. Reassign/reschedule non-routine crews including what-if scenarios. Notify crews of equipment substitutions, cancellations and/or delays.
Provide information to SOC decision-makers, especially during irregular operations. Education and Training
University of Cincinnati - Cincinnati, OH Master of Science Information Technology, Expected in 05/2024
Salem State University - Salem, MA Bachelor of Science Information Technology, 05/2018
Contact this candidate