Mithun Kumar
adzp5v@r.postjobfree.com
848-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Around 10+ years of experience in automating, configuring and deploying instances in the areas of Data Centre Operations, Systems Administration, acomputing, Software Configuration Management (SCM).
Expertise in Amazon AWS Cloud Administration which includes services like: EC2, S3, EBS, VPC, ELB, AMI, SNS, RDS, IAM, Route 53, Auto scaling, Cloud Front, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Cloud Formation, OPS Work, Security Groups.
Administration various environments in software development life cycle (SDLC) Windows, Ubuntu, Red Hat Linux, SUSE Linux and CentOS.
Experience supporting Chef Environment with multi servers and involved in developing manifests.
DevOps experience with Ansible, Kubernetes, Chef, AWS (OPS Work) and OpenStack.
Configuration Management, Build, Release Management and Quality Assurance using CVS, VSS, Team Foundation Server TFS, Subversion.
Created private cloud using Kubernetes that supports DEV, TEST, and PROD environments.
Configured and monitored distributed and multi-platform servers using chef. Defined Chef Server and workstation to manage and configure nodes.
Worked in Container based technologies like Docker, Kubernetes and OpenShift
Developed Chef Cookbooks and Recipes to manage systems configuration.
Exposure with vulnerability scanning tools such as Checkmarx, Coverity, Sonarqube, Advanced experience with vulnerability assessment and reporting including comprehensive understanding of Vulnerability Management methodologies and procedures and application and infrastructure vulnerability scanning solutions
Experience in branching, tagging and maintaining the version across the environments working on Software Configuration Management (SCM) tools like Subversion (SVN) and GIT.
Experience with Jenkins/Maven deployment and build management system.
Core development experience Groovy Grails restful web services.
Experienced on working with various OS like Linux (Red hat, Ubuntu, CentOS), UNIX, Windows.
Experience in cloud technologies like AWS in both windows and Linux environments.
Experienced in trouble shooting and automated deployment to web and application servers like WebLogic, Microsoft Azure, WebSphere and Tomcat over Aws Cloud.
Responsible for writing the Design specifications for the generic and application specific web services in Groovy Grails.
Experience in cloud stack such as AWS (Cloud formation) and VMWARE stack.
Creating Linux Virtual Machines using VMware Virtual Centre (ESXI), hypervisor-v, PHP VirtualBox.
Design high availability (HA)applications on AWS across Availability Zones and Availability Regions .
Good Exposure on Virtualization and Containers (Docker) and Hypervisors ESXI, ESX.
Ability to build deployment, build scripts and automated solutions using scripting languages such as Shell scripting (kasha, Bash), Python, Core Java Ruby, PHP PERL.
Extensive experience with software Build automation and standardization tools like ANT, Maven, and Gradle.
Used AWS Beanstalk for deploying and scaling web applications and services developed with Java, PHP, Node. JS, Python, Ruby, and Docker on familiar servers such as Apache, and IIS.
Installed and Managed Jenkins and Nexus for CI and Sharing Artifacts respectively within the company.
Experience in Installing Firmware Upgrades, kernel patches, systems configuration, performance tuning on Unix/Linux systems.
Web Application Development using Groovy Grails JQuery, AJAX.
Proven experience in implementing and optimizing CI/CD pipelines to enable continuous integration and deployment.
Experience with MongoDB, MSSQL, MySQL and Server DB Tasks.
Strong ability to troubleshoot any issues generated while building, deploying and in production support.
Closely worked with Developers and Analysts to address project requirements. Able to effectively manage time and prioritize multiple projects.
Good at communicative, interpersonal, intuitive, analysis and leadership skills with ability to work efficiently in both independent and teamwork environments.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Version Control:
Git, Perforce, GitHub, GitLab, Stash, Subversion and Team Foundation Server
Continuous Integration:
Jenkins, Hudson
Cloud:
AWS, GCP, Azure
Installer & Packaging:
InstallShield, Wise Installer/ Studio and Linux RPM
Configuration Management:
Chef, Puppet and Ansible
Containerization Tools:
Docker and Kubernetes
Build Tools:
Maven, Gradle, Ant.
Scripting:
Perl, Ant, Maven, Shell Scripting, JavaScript and Python
App Servers:
HTTP, Tomcat, WebSphere, Apache, Nagios, Jboss
Quality & Security:
SonarQube, App Scan,
Virtualization:
VMware WorkStation
Others:
Nexus, Artifactory,, Bug Zilla, JIRA, Photo Shop and Wiki
OS:
RHEL, Windows, Linux, Ubantu, Solaris and Mac OS X
Languages:
Java, PHP, Java Script, Microsoft.NET, CSS
Databases:
MySQL 5, Oracle, PL/SQL

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
NCAOC- Charlotte, NC Aug 2021 to Present
AWS DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Worked on multiple AWS EC2 instances, set the security groups, Elastic Load Balancer (ELB)&AMIs, Auto scaling to design cost-effective, fault-tolerant & highly available systems.
Migrated VMWARE VMs to AWS with VMDK import tools.
Utilized Amazon Elastic Block Storage (EBS) which provides persistent block storage volumes for use with EC2 instances in the AWS cloud. Implemented NAT gateways for web apps hosted on private subnets.
Design, installation, configuration and administration of Linux 5,6 and 7 servers and support of OpenShift Enterprise and non-OpenShift support.
Manage Pipeline as a code with Cloudbees Jenkins DSL groovy & CICD pipeline, HashiCorpVault for AppRole authentication backend, Shared library, Seed jobs for various environments like Development, Integration, Testing, Production. Code quality analysis in SonarQube integration with JaCoCo and micro services.
Architect Automated Microservices & big data ETL PAAS based on best practices.
Migrate Data from Elasticsearch-1.4.3 Cluster to Elasticsearch-5.6.4 using Logstash, Kafka for all environments and services for load balancing and adding them to Routes to be accessible and creation of pods through new applications and troubleshooting pods through SSH and logs using Kubernetes.
Knowledge in Amazon Web Services (AWS) environment and good knowledge of AWS services like Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2), Elastic Load-balancers, S3, Elastic Beanstalk, Familiarity with secure programming techniques (OWASP) and use of a code scanning tool (Checkmarx).
Developed audio and video processing software. (Groovy).
Involved in setting up (k8s) clusters for running microservices and implemented a Kubernetes Container Orchestration solution within OpenStack allowing for easy management, and creation.
Configured cluster operations in AWS Kubernetes (EKS) to deploy microservices with CI/CD system and used Kubernetes cluster to scale up operations of clusters, maintain the cluster services, and load balancing.
Providing Global Search with Elastic search
Worked with AWS S3 services like creating buckets, configuring buckets with permissions, logging, versioning, and tagging & lifecycle policies to back the data from AWS S3 to AWS Glacier.
Worked on Kinesis for gathering the user input data and log files for security purposes and export them to S3 if needed.
Written some Groovy scripts for setting up LDAP configuration for Jenkins using security matrix.
Used AWS Beanstalk for deploying & scaling web applications & services developed with Java, PHP, Node.js, Python, Ruby on familiar servers such as Apache.
Assess Microservices Architecture readiness of existing core services for Confidential.
Managing the OpenShift cluster that includes scaling up and down the AWS app nodes.
Set CRON Jobs to download daily backups of critical services to on-premise using AWS-CLI. Used AWS API Gateway to make REST API call to Dynamo DB.
Design, build and manage the ELK (Elastic search, Logstash, and Kibana) cluster for centralized logging and search functionalities for the App
Implemented AWS Code Pipeline and Created Cloud formation JSON templates in Terraform for infrastructure as code
Automate provisioning and repetitive tasks using Terraform and Python, Docker container, Service Orchestration.
Architect Automated Microservices & big data ETL PAAS based on best practices.
Involved in integrating CxSAST into several aspects of your development cycle, such as with Software build automation tools (Apache Ant and Maven), software development version control systems (GIT), repository hosting services (GitHub), continuous integration platforms (Jenkins), continuous code quality inspection platforms (SonarQube).
Capable of doing Ansible setup, managing hosts file, using yaml linter, authoring various playbooks and custom modules with Ansible.
Experienced with deployment automation of all the microservices to pull the image from the private Docker Registry.
Used different Jenkins plugins like Global Build Stats plugin, job generator plugin to help developers create new jobs, Hudson Post build task Plugin to publish artifacts to repositories.
Implemented Maven Release Plug-in through Jenkins Jobs for deploying the artifacts to GIT repository. Amazon EC2 plugin to create slaves on EC2 servers etc.
Upgraded Devops tools like Cloudbees Jenkins, Jfrog,artifactory, Github, Sonarqube, Ansible tower, JIRA.
Configured JIRA as defect tracking system and configured various workflows, customizations, and plugins for the JIRA bug/issue tracker.
Worked on testing, evaluation & troubleshooting of Mongo DB, NoSQL database systems & cluster configurations to ensure high availability in various crash scenarios.
Environment: AWS, Terraform, Ansible, Docker, OpenShift, Jenkins,Groovy, Microservices, Gitlab, Nagios, JIRA, PowerShell, Java, .Net, Bash Scripting, Python, MongoDB, Maven, Nagios, Shell, Perl, JBoss Application Servers, Checkmarx, Windows, WebSphere Application Server, Python, Linux, Solaris.

Client: CTDI- PENNSYLVANIA, USA (Off Shore). Feb 2019 to Jul 2021
DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Part of the Production Support Team who supports and maintains the current infrastructure and takes care of Production Deployments in a timely manner.
Installation, configuration and maintenance of MongoDB, Tableau, and SQL Server.
Configure and Maintain CI/CD pipelines required for the project/application to build and deploy with the help of Azure DevOps.
Implement the cloud infrastructure using azure services like Virtual Networks, SQL Databases, Virtual Machines, Storage accounts, Application gateways, Load balancers using the azure resource manager.
Utilized orchestration tools such as Docker, Kubernetes and Azure Container Service (ACS).
Experienced in creating projects in Argo CD and deploying Argo CD in to Kubernetes cluster from the scratch.
Create and manage Azure Application Infrastructure maintenance.
Optimize, troubleshoot, refactor across the entire Devops/Microservices practice, and be a resident badass.
Developed PowerShell scripts and ARM templates to automate the provisioning and deployment process.
Was part of team that performed operations on banner that has been deployed on Amazon EKS and created build and deploy pipelines using ARGO CD.
Developed audio and video processing software. (Groovy)
Sell to client the following fundamental technology, culture, and process shifts: DevOps, Agile, Cloud Agnostic Microservices, Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment. Pick toolchain based on requirements.
Validate solutions provided by Checkmarx for outstanding, ongoing issues logged in SSD JIRA SQL Database.
Use Shell Script/Bash Script in Azure DevOps Pipeline to automate a few tasks while building and deployments.
Configured Azure Log Analytics to monitor the Azure Application resources 24/7 and trigger alerts.
Strong ability to troubleshoot any issue generated while building, deploying, and during production hence assisting teams to deliver a scalable and Fault-tolerant software into production environments.
Implement MongoDB OPS Manager across all environments in the project. Responsible for multiple successful production releases.
Environment: Azure DevOps, Azure Cloud, Microservices, ACS, AKS, Tableau, MongoDB, Azure SQL, Azure Log Analytics, Azure Data Bricks, ARM Templates,Groovy, Linux, Windows Server, Scripting.

Client: XFACTOR IT SERVICES, Hyderabad, India Oct 2017 to Jan 2019
Cloud DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
Launching Amazon EC2 Cloud Instances using Amazon Web Services (Linux/ Ubuntu) and Configuring launched instances with respect to specific applications.
Installed application on AWS EC2 instances and configured the storage on S3 buckets.
Performed S3 buckets creation, policies and on the IAM role based polices and customizing the JSON template.
Implemented and maintained the monitoring and alerting of production and corporate servers/storage using AWS Cloud watch.
Managed Openshift master, nodes with upgrades, decommission them from active participation by evacuating the nodes and upgrading them.
Experienced in deploying applications in to Kubernetes using Gitops Tools (Argo CD)
Configured AWS cloud infra as code using terraform and continuous deployment through Jenkins.
Build high performance web services, using languages such as python.
Worked on creation and managing IT infrastructure and application stack using AWS Cloud Formation and writing the template file using JSON.
Deployment in to Kubernetes cluster directly from GitHub using Argo CD tool
DevSecOps with Checkmarx (SAST) for code vulnerability with Sonarqube, Veracode / Fortify, Burpsuite for DAST / SAST/ IAST vulnerabilities detection and application security, Nginx+ reverse proxy / Load Balancer, Twistlock, Venafi for certificate generation, CyberArk Vault with LDAP server to store the environments credentials, Active Directory, Aujas code-sign certificate, Akamai, security certificates pkcs12 and JKS.
Automating the cloud formation using Terraform.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL, Snowflake and AWS big data technologies
Working with VPC IPv4, IPv6, Route tables, NAT instances, Internet Gateway (IGW) and Virtual private gateway (VGW).
Worked with RedHat OpenShift Container Platform for Docker and Kubernetes. Used Kubernetes to deploy scale, load balance, scale and manage Docker containers with multiple namespace versions.
Built WebLogic 12c and Tomcat domains on Linux and Windows environments. Performed WebLogic server administration tasks like configuring Managed servers and setup cluster env.
Configured JDBC resources, data sources and bounded to the J2EE applications, configured the connection pools for the data sources.
Created and monitored the JMS Server, JMS Connection Factories, Queues, Topics, File Store, Database Store and Message Bridges.
Design, installation, configuration and administration of Linux 5,6 and 7 servers and support of OpenShift Enterprise and non-OpenShift support.
Managed Kubernetes charts using Helm. Created reproducible builds of the Kubernetes applications, managed Kubernetes manifest files and managed releases of Helm packages.
Experience in configuring and managing secured environments using SSL and digital certificates.
Installed WebLogic Application server 10.3.6/12.1.2 using graphic and silent mode and configured the WebLogic domain.
Built WebLogic and Tomcat domains on Linux and Windows environment using HPSA tool.
Performed WebLogic server administration tasks like configuring Managed servers and setup cluster environment.
Kubernetes with Rancher, replication controllers, Helm charts, Scheduler, clusters.
Deployed WARs, EARs using WebLogic Admin Console as well as running scripts.
Researched and troubleshooted emerging application issues, from WebLogic configuration to code issues.
Environment: WebLogic Server 10.3.x/9.x, JBoss 5.x, JDK1.6, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, EJB, LDAP, Kubernetes, OpenShift, JDBC, XML, Apache,, UNIX (Solaris 8/9.0/10.0, LINUX 5), AWS, Terraform, Git, SVN, Jenkins, Bash, Shell, Python etc.

Tecra Systems PVT LTD Apr 2015 to Sep 2017
Cloud DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Strong experience on DevOps tools such as GIT, Chef, Docker, Puppet, Vagrant, Virtual box, Ansible, Jenkins, Maven, ANT and SVN.
Developed and implemented automated Linux infrastructure environments on VMs using Vagrant, Chef, Jenkins, Maven, Git, Apache and Tomcat servers.
Worked closely with different projects for build and release SCM effort like Branching, Tagging, Merge, etc.
Versioning and Source control of codes using GIT, Bit bucket using concepts such as branching, merging, labelling/tagging, branches locking, access control and integration.
Experienced in authoring pom.xml files, performing releases with the Maven release plugin, Maven the Java projects and managing Maven repositories.
Expertise in converting build.xml into pom.xml to build the applications using MAVEN.
Implemented a continuous delivery using Jenkins in Linux environment.
Expertise in writing CHEF cookbooks and recipes to automate infrastructure as a code.
Involved in the setup of Chef Servers, workstations, nodes and bootstrapping new infrastructure chef nodes for configuration management.
Virtualized the servers using the Docker for the test environments and dev-environments needs and, configuration automation using Docker containers.
Setup the Jenkins jobs for Continuous integration process and to execute test cases.
Experience in LINUX and using SHELL, PERL, PYTHON scripting to automate processes.
Skilled at Software Development Life Cycles (SDLC) and Agile Programming Methodologies.
Writing JSON templates for cloud formation and ruby scripts for chef automation and contributing to our repository on GITHUB (sub version control).
Used JIRA to track issues and Change Management.
Worked on Tomcat 7, JBOSS, and Web Logic and Web Sphere Application servers for deployments.
Strong experience in working in Linux and Windows environments.
Environment: ANT, Jenkins, Make, JIRA, Perforce, Shell, UNIX, Linux, Subversion, AWS, Nexus, Apache 2.x, Kubernetes, Apache Tomcat 6.x/7.x, New Relic

E-centric Solutions, Hyderabad, India July 2013 to Mar 2015
Build & Release Engineer

Responsibilities:
Responsible for Development, UIT, SYTEM, UAT, STAGING, PRODUCTION Builds and Releases.
Assist with maintaining current build systems, developed build scripts, and maintained the source control system. Responsible for CI environments.
Developed build and deployment scripts using ANT and MAVEN as build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to other environments.
Performed weekly and on-call deployments of application codes to production environments.
Coordinated application release with developer, DBA, QA and project management teams.
Worked in cross-platform environments like Linux, UNIX, AIX and Windows.
Documented detailed build configuration, Build procedures and change history for releases.
Participated in the designing from initial stage of development and prepared the class and sequence diagrams.
Coordinating with development teams to perform builds and resolve build issues.
Analyse and create daily reports on the status of server backups on intranet and extranet.
Configured the Environment, run unit tests and created reports by using Maven.
Partially worked on JIRA to capture, organize and prioritize issues in an Agile Scrum environment.
Owned Release to Production Process, gathered approvals, signoffs from stakeholders and QAs before going to PROD.
Coordinated with the Offshore and Onsite teams for Production Releases.
Strengthened the relationship with the client by delivering successfully and this helped in gaining more project scope.
Environment: ANT, Jenkins,, JIRA, Perforce, Shell, UNIX, Linux, Subversion, Nexus, Apache 2.x, Apache Tomcat 6.x/7.x.
Contact this candidate