Name: Shiva Kumar
E-mail: adzs8a@r.postjobfree.com
Contact No: 317-***-****
Summary
Innovative Cloud Engineer with a strong AWS background and 9 years of experience designing, implementing and managing cutting-edge deployment automation of cloud resources.
Responsible for migrating designing and developing applications using AWS services.
Monitoring Infrastructure resources running on the cloud.
Good experience in understanding the use cases customers’ workloads and its long-term roadmap Architecting cloud solutions according to requirements.
Experience in creating Docker Containers leveraging existing Linux Containers and amis in addition to creating Docker Containers from scratch.
Building serverless architectures.
Maintain a broad technical knowledge of the Cloud Platforms.
Designed and created multiple deployment strategies using Continuous Integration and Continuous Development Pipelines and configuration management tools with remote execution to ensure zero downtime and shortened deployment cycles via automated deployments in Jenkins.
Maintained continuous integration infrastructure and automated releases to DEV/TEST/STG/PROD environments.
Create and maintain fully automated CI/CD pipelines.
Built and deployed Docker containers to break up monolithic apps into microservices, improving developer workflow, increasing scalability, and optimizing speed.
Managed GitHub repositories and permissions, including branching and tagging
Creating and running automated nightly build to discover new bugs earlier, reducing bug fixing time from 1-2 days to a few hours.
Created process to build and release one product with several different languages, localized build, and reduced building time for each language-related release.
Creating silence response-file for ClearCase client installation, which helped the developer to install ClearCase independently by running the response file.
Managed and dealt with system performance and monitoring tools like Nagios, ELK, and Splunk.
Experience in setting up Jenkins for the deployment of application and implementing Continuous Integration (CI) by configuring ANT/MAVEN in the association of GIT/SVN.
Experience in using ticketing and defect tracking tools like ServiceNow, JIRA.
NinuxExpertise in using build tools like Apache MAVEN, MS Build & ANT for the building of deployable artifacts.
Knowledge of SDLC Methodologies like Agile, Scrum, and Waterfall.
Experience in security vulnerability patching and version upgrades (apache Openssl, java, Tomcat, Nodejs, system Openssl).
Experience in building docker base and run time images and deployed it to Artifactory Registry and ECR using Jenkins pipelines.
Hands experience in monitoring deployments using CloudWatch and CloudTrail.
Worked on developing Splunk queries and dashboards targeted at understanding application performance and capacity analysis.
Worked on New Relic APM, Infrastructure, Insight, and server module configurations and automated it using terraform.
Extensively worked on Jfrog Artifactory migration from the data center to AWS cloud.
Technical Knowledge

Operating System
Linux, Unix, Windows 8/7/Vista/XP/2003/2000/NT/98.
Programming Languages
Java, Python, C, C++, C#
Scripting languages
Bash, Shell, Python.
Configuration Management
ANSIBLE.
Containers
ECS, Docker, Kubernetes.

Infrastructure Provisioning
Cloud formation, Terraform.
Cloud Technology
Amazon Web Service (AWS), Turbot, Azure.

Source Version Control
GIT, GitHub, SourceTree.
CI/ CD
Bamboo, AWS code pipeline.

Build Tools
Ant, Maven.

Monitoring Tools
Data Dog, Cloud Watch.
Databases
Postgres, mongo.

Professional Experience

Client: Quest Software Inc, NY, US.
Role: Cloud Engineer March 2021- Current

Description: Quest Software is a company providing application management software products. It offers cloud, database, endpoint systems, identity and access management, and Microsoft platform software as well as data protection solutions. The company also delivers consulting, educational, and support services. Keeping up with the constant changes in security, IT management, and the cloud is challenging. Quest software solutions simplify and automate IT management where possible so you can concentrate on growth.
Responsibilities:
Deploy Java microservices on Amazon EKS using Amazon ECR.
Resolve Application Security issues, cost Issues, Availability Issues generated by CloudCheckr and AWS trusted Advisor reports.
Worked on AWS Code Commit and AWS Code Pipeline to deploy a CI/CD pipeline in multiple AWS accounts.
Implemented best practices for container platform management.
Managed the life cycle of infrastructure using terraform infrastructure as a code tool.
Integrating newly created microservices into the microservice architecture by using AWS serverless services.
Setting up a secure and scalable multi-account AWS environment.
Used a lot of AWS services for automating IT operations.
Implemented monitoring at the application layer, infrastructure layer, and database layer
Written CloudFormation templates for deploying the AWS resources and update the parameters to check and maintain the performance of our application
Deployed the new image in Production forevery new fix sent by the vendor and update in docker file before deploying.
Experience with Subversion, GIT, GITHUB Repositories and create the projects and Manage code for developers in the Bitbucket repositories.
Build scripts to automate the Application process for Orchestration including SNS, Lambda, and Step Functions.
Written python scripts to get the RDS Secrets details Username and Password from AWS to register file to deploy Application successfully.

Environment: EC2, ECS, terraform, Code Commit, Code Build, IAM, CloudWatch, S3, RDS, Cassandra, Mongo, Postgres, Kafka, ActiveMQ, Graylog, Tomcat, Java 8, Docker, JMS, JSON, XML/XSD, Spring, Maven, git, Python, Bash, Ubuntu, IntelliJ, Agile, Jira, sprint, scrum, RDS, Cloud watch, Route53.

Client Name: Optum, Phoenix, Arizona December 2019- February 2021
Role: DevOps/ AWS Engineer

Description: TD Ameritrade is a broker that offers an electronic trading platform for the trade of financial assets including common stocks, preferred stocks, futures contracts, exchange-traded funds, forex, options, cryptocurrency, mutual funds, fixed income investments, margin lending, and cash management services. The company receives revenue from interest income on margin balances, commissions for order execution, and payment for order flow.

Responsibilities:
Analysed tool requirements for build and release management.
Installed and configured the infrastructure for DevOps implementation using Jenkins, Maven, Git per requirement.
Worked on a POC to migrate different applications into AWS for flexible, cost-effective, reliable, scalable, high-performance, and security.
Dealt with various merging conflicts and pushes appropriate code into GitHub repository, Wrote automation scripts in Ansible and in-house Bash scripts.
Configured, maintained, and troubleshoot services SFTP, SSH, running on Linux servers.
Configured and maintained web servers like Apache Web Server, WebSphere Application Server, and Samba Server on Red Hat Linux.
Responsible for ensuring Systems & Network Security, maintaining performance, and setting up monitoring using Cloud Watch and Nagios.
Responsible for installation and upgrade of patches and packages on RHEL 5/6 using RPM & YUM.
Managed LDAP to add, modify, delete user accounts, group accounts across the region globally.
Extensively used native UNIX commands like awk, find, grep, cut, paste in bash scripting as per the requirement.
Day-to-day management/monitoring/troubleshooting of multi-tier applications using ansible and Nagios in DEV, QA, PROD environments.
Experienced in implementing Workload Management (WLM) using cloning and clustering.
Configured various plugins in Jenkins for automation of the workflows and to optimize and smooth
running of build jobs
Responsible for installing Jenkins, master-slave nodes, and configuring Jenkins builds for
continuous integration and delivery

Environment: Back end: Java, Spring boot. AWS services: EC2, Elastic Beanstalk, RDS, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Mongo Atlas, terraform, Lambda, Python, Bamboo, Bitbucket, Angular, Datadog, Data Lake, HPC cluster, Cloud watch, Turbot, MySQL, SES, SQS. Front End: Angular.

Charles Schwab, Austin, TX May 2016- November 2019
Role: DevOps Engineer

Description: At Schwab, you have access to a wide range of investment management services to help you reach your goals. And you’ll have access to a variety of investment strategies, investment advice, and the ability to regularly monitor and rebalance your portfolio and takes a modern approach to invest. We believe in asking questions, being engaged, and taking ownership of your future. We measure ourselves not only by what we do but by how we do it. Every action and decision is based on building trust and seeing things through the eyes of our clients.

Responsibilities:

Implemented CI/CD pipeline for applications to build, test, and deploy using Jenkins and Ansible.
Demonstrated the advantages of Ansible and upgraded the existing deployment tooling to leverage Ansible along with Ansible tower for end-to-end automation.
Developed Playbooks in Ansible to manage Web Applications, Config Files, Database, Commands, Users Mount Points.
Integrated Jenkins with Bitbucket to automate the build process for Linux, Windows, Tibco, AutoSys, MuleSoft applications.
Designed and developed an Event-Driven application in Python that will create and manage GITHUB repos using GITHUB organizations. Achieved event-driven architecture using Webhooks, API Gateway, Lambda, SQS, and SNS.
Creating various POCs of CI/CD pipelines by integrating source control tools GIT, GitHub, Build tools like Ant and Maven, CI tool like Jenkins, and Deployment automation tool like ansible.
Developed a tool in Python that will automatically look up build/Deployment Errors in the Pipeline and notify the respective application managers.
Installed and managed Artifactory repository to deploy artifacts generated by Maven and to store dependent artifacts during the build.
Configured and managed AWS CloudFront to deliver static content for Internal tooling using Python boto3 to deliver static content with the least latency.
Automate and maintain cross-region infrastructure stack of various applications hosted on AWS using CloudFormation.
Created Jenkin pipelines for automating AMI build process into various AWS accounts.
Leverage Python scripting, network management, and orchestration tools to automate the transformation of the network.
Created and maintained continuous build and continuous integration environments in SCRUM and Agile projects.
Providing Access for other developers to their respective applications to perform deployments into their respective environments through Ansible tower.
Worked with Jira for creating the tickets for bugs and reporting issues.
Used rally for the application tracking as well as the adoption tracker for taking information about components of the application and configuring it to the ansible tower.
Worked on antifactory for artifacts that will be deployed in different servers in different environments like DEV, SIT, PL1, PL2, QA, PROD, DIFF, and OTHERS.
Used Bitbucket to store playbooks and used them to ansible tower to deploy the artifacts.
Using XLR an orchestration tool for integrating it with Ansible and Jira.
Implementing celestial on-board for CD part of the deployment.

Environment: Back end: Java, Spring boot. AWS services: EC2, Elastic Beanstalk, RDS, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Mongo Atlas, terraform, Lambda, Python, Bamboo, Bitbucket, Angular, Datadog

Client Name: Health Axis, India January 2014- Nov 2015
Role: DevOps/ AWS Engineer

Description: Integrity Marketing Group is the nation's leading independent distributor of life and health insurance products focused on serving the market. My role in the company and currently provide expertise, Analysing and transforming legacy applications into new technologies. Worked on building an application using Spring Framework, Hibernate, Rest microservices with cloud technologies.

Responsibilities:
Analysed tool requirements for build and release management.
Installed and configured the infrastructure for DevOps implementation using Jenkins, Maven, Git per requirement.
Worked on a POC to migrate different applications into AWS for flexible, cost-effective, reliable, scalable, high-performance, and security.
Dealt with various merging conflicts and pushes appropriate code into GitHub repository, Wrote automation scripts in Ansible and in-house Bash scripts.
Configured, maintained, and troubleshoot services SFTP, SSH, running on Linux servers.
Configured and maintained web servers like Apache Web Server, WebSphere Application Server, and Samba Server on Red Hat Linux.
Responsible for ensuring Systems & Network Security, maintaining performance, and setting up monitoring using Cloud Watch and Nagios.
Responsible for installation and upgrade of patches and packages on RHEL 5/6 using RPM & YUM.
Managed LDAP to add, modify, delete user accounts, group accounts across the region globally.
Extensively used native UNIX commands like awk, find, grep, cut, paste in bash scripting as per the requirement.
Day-to-day management/monitoring/troubleshooting of multi-tier applications using ansible and Nagios in DEV, QA, PROD environments.
Experienced in implementing Workload Management (WLM) using cloning and clustering.
Configured various plugins in Jenkins for automation of the workflows and to optimize and smooth
running of build jobs
Responsible for installing Jenkins, master-slave nodes, and configuring Jenkins builds for
continuous integration and delivery

Environment: Core Java, J2EE, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSP, Servlets, EJB, Struts, Eclipse, WebSphere, Oracle, UNIX Shell Scripting, VSS, Eclipse IDE, Springs, Hibernate3.0, SOAP

Client: Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Bangalore, India Jan 2011- April 2013
Role: Build/Release Engineer

Description: HPE analyzes company processes, developing workflows and custom solutions for specific business needs. HPE works collaboratively with others on the team to create custom, scalable processes for the company. In this company developers work in a variety of industries, designing and developing business workflows and translating requirements into system solutions.

Responsibilities:
Created GIT repositories with standard directory layout of a trunk, branches, tags, and customized directory based on business/project need.
Extensive use of GIT for source code tracking and deployment, and JIRA, Rally for bug tracking.
Troubleshooting and automated deployment to web and application servers like WebSphere, Apache, JBoss, WebLogic, and Tomcat.
Using Bash and Python included Boto3 to supplement automation provided by Ansible and Terraform for tasks such as encrypting EBS volumes backing AMIs and scheduling Lambda functions for routine AWS tasks.
Automate provisioning and repetitive tasks using Terraform and Python.
Configuring CloudWatch metrics to monitor resources across various services.
Designed and worked with the teams to implement ELK (elastic search, log stash, and Kibana) Stack.
Launched and configured Amazon EC2 Cloud Servers using AMI for specified applications.
Developed Cron jobs and shell scripts for automating administration tasks like file system management, process management, server reboots, etc.
Maintained clear communication between management, development, and QA regarding build standards, procedures, and requirements.
Supported Several Parallel Project Releases along with Quarterly and monthly maintenance releases.
End-to-end understanding of a Release life cycle, Release milestone tracking, Release
calendar ownership, Game plan preparations, Change Approval process, Production Cutover Planning, and Postproduction Validation.
Gathered all the stakeholder approvals and necessary signoffs while acting as a release manager for two development teams.
Created analytical matrices reports and dashboards for release services based on Rally tickets.
Collaborated with the team, architect, and product owner to ensure rightness of features and design
Practiced backlog grooming, release and sprint planning, daily stand-ups, impediment removal
Responsible for maximizing the ongoing performance of a cross-functional Agile team and producing products rapidly and with high quality.

Environment: Java, SVN, Hudson, Unix, Linux, Maven, Ant, JAVA.
Contact this candidate