Joseph Lorkovic
858-***-****
ac59pq@r.postjobfree.com
Senior Technology Executive

TECHNICAL SUMMARY

Articulate Deal Maker Strategic Planning and Leadership Fintech Blockchain
Big Data Analytics P&L Management & Accounting Systems DevOps Management
Negotiation & Persuasion Building Partnerships & Relationship-Building AWS Virtualization
Configuration Management Continuous Integration Agile Development SOA Architect

OVERVIEW

Senior level executive with across the board business management, business development, software and technology wherewithal, equally comfortable performing management or deep diving into coding technicalities with full software architect abilities and strong budgeting and strategy development. Can do attitude and big picture prospective of business and low level technical, can perform negotiations, give presentations, close deals, recruit and manage teams, understand and solve complex business problems.

Expertise in Media & Entertainment Platform, Digital Advertising, Database & Analytics, Blockchain, Cryptocurrency, Distributed Ledger technology and Databases. 20+ years focused around financial Web, payment processor, banking and media. Solutions development using Web Service, Service Orientated Architecture and Microservices. Heavy experience in accounting applications and money transfer banking systems.

Expertise in full stack web development. Can manage all IT operations and AWS DevOps as well as full stack end to end development in house and/or outsourced.

Expert research and development in technology sectors providing sound business planning and budgeting with concise documentation development.

Expertise in law, patents, compliance, lawsuits, pleading, complaints, appeals, contracts, corporations and issues with foreign cooperation setup and taxations.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

PixFlx, Inc. – University City, California 2003 to 2018
Chairman, Founder (IP licensing to European based team)
Business based on internal cryptocurrency regulated unfavorably in the USA.
Developed all components and plans for new Tablet based TV control a number of years before Chromecast went to market Invented communications for device to Smart TV control and video object selection or Chromecast with object selection.

UrbanFT.com – San Diego, California (with merger moved to New York) 2017 to 2017
Provided interim consulting for payment system reporting
Stood up Reporting Services for debit card transactions system based on SQL Server Reporting Services rollout in Amazon Web Services and consulted on payment processing transactional system development and documented data flow operations. Focused primarily on partner commissioning through API, ETL/SSIS and design of production banking system work for data warehouse.

Resume of Joseph Lorkovic Page Two

Cal Coast Ventures LLC MSSQLSERVER.NET – San Diego, California 2014 to Present
CTO / Software Architect, Web API JWT BLOCKCHAIN CRYPTOCURRENCY
Spun-off the R&D from the PixFlx project in to a separate Web Services Platform that provides Microservices API as well as SQL server WAN B2B virtual networks. Developed software to automatically adapt server side tier functionality for serving web services as well as login and session control based on JWT. Developed Consensus protocol for distributed Ledger entries. This is a High speed blockchain application development layer on SOA API server. This is a development platform.

Jackson Design – San Diego, California 2011 to 2014 (Present relationship)
ERP/CRM DBA Software Architect (ongoing consultant is provided)
Developed Electronic Resource Planning (ERP) Application and Reporting Dashboard for the business to organize and automate all operations. Windows UI and SQL Server based end-to-end business automation.

Indus Technology Inc. –San Diego, California 2008 - 2009
Financial Application Management Consulting - Multi Billion Dollar Accounting
Designed proprietary funds control government appropriations accounting application.
Directed the development of ETL, data model, SQL schema and VB/SQL code.
Custom built Excel based reports output from database BLOB file storage system.
Developed high quality security system for the multi billion appropriations Department of Defense to Department of Navy with mission critical high quality transaction processing with integrity checking and roll back functions.

Contract Consulting – San Diego, California (Multiple Projects) 2008

Consulting Project –Collar Free Inc. (Ecommerce Project)
Personally hands on performed debugging of existing code base of ecommerce and brought on line and resolved all go live issues bringing the company to existence and enabling it to get funding.

IT Consulting Project –Liberation Management LLC (SAT Phone Provider)
Datacenter SAN migration of applications to in–house servers saving $120k per month.
Setup new Development and Production environments and ETL processing.

SQL Server Software Architect - PixFlx, Inc. (Organizer R&D Online TV Platform)
Developed SQL Server based database driven streaming media management. Prepared business equipment and services for providing interactive hyperlinked video services based on T-SQL Stored Procedure and related advertisement routing services also based on T-SQL Stored Procedure.
Initiated business contacts and acquired content for the delivery system.
Installed collocation data center equipment (SQL Server) and setup VPN access.
Setup systems for video editing and encoding and Windows 2003 server, Exchange, SQL Server.

Consulting Newland Master Planned Communities –San Diego, California 2006 - 2007
Senior Database Administrator / Developer
SQL Server solution consulting as solution provider.
Financial integration software project development.
DTS / ETL operations and documentation.
Financial queries and processes based development and maintenance.
New software rollout and responsibility for complex processing with rollback abilities.
Database ERD, data flow diagrams and related documentation.
Red-Gate SQL Compare and database documentation

Resume of Joseph Lorkovic Page Three

College Loan Corporation (CLC) –San Diego, California 2006
Financial SQL Server Database Administrator (Emergency Turn-Around)
Performed a departmental turn-around and placed the company in a secure state.
Took over responsibility and control (Fixed) of all backups comprising 9$ billion in transactional data that was at risk by establishing Tivoli and SQL Server backups and automated daily routine tasks.
Setup OpenManage and IT assist to resolve the lack of failed hardware alerts and monitoring.
Maintained production and development SQL Server databases and network servers in an environment consisting of ACCPAC, Hyperion, SharePoint and in house applications.

Network Domain LLC – Carlsbad, California 2003 – 2006

Founding Patent Development CEO (Became PixFlx Europe)
Developed proprietary database driven Interactive TV over IP system based on Flash Actionscript, Amazon Web Services and Microsoft SQL Server.
Developed patent and co-op IP Licensing plan and business plan.

Financial SQL Database Developer
Successfully completed an integrated database application suite for e-Business using advanced features of SQL Server and ASP.
Developed functional specification to interface Access / SQL Server based accounting with e-Commerce, proprietary encryption system, proprietary software activation system, UPS rate lookup system and payment gateway integration.

Micro Madness – Anaheim, California 2001 to 2002
Network Engineering Manager / SQL Server DBA / Accounting Consultant
Provided networking and PC troubleshooting and a broad range of technical support aspects including ACCPAC upgrades installs and server recovery, accounting database restorations and maintenance.
Performed service calls resolving network and database issues and systems roll out and support for customers running QuickBooks and ACCPAC on Pervasive Btrieve and SQL Server.
Managed network field engineers and accounting support consultants. 4 accountants, 2 engineers.

Hearst Publishing – Women.com Networks, San Mateo, California 2001
DBA Manager / Help Desk Manager
Supervised intranet developers across numerous departments and developed office automation, company intranet Help Desk system and intranet databases for departments based on specifications from multiple department heads as well as database administration support. 4 help desk, 5 DBAs.

Computer Tech Service - Palm Desert, California (CEO) 1991 to 2001
General Manager of retail computer store and IT consulting (exit in 2001)
Provided complete office systems including Workstations, Servers, Routers, Switches, Cabling, software, software development, office automation and in-house ecommerce system.
Responsible for general business management aspects such as sales, marketing, accounting, shipping, receiving, product procurement, contract negotiations and strategic partnerships as well as hands on consulting and customer interfacing, very heavy consulting and service contracting over a 10 year span during the early internet. 8 consultants and 3 store staff.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
USN Honorable discharge 1976 to 1979
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Arts Computer Science 1986 West Coast University, Los Angeles, California
Contact this candidate