Debabrata Karmakar
Full Stack Blockchain Developer
Flat no. 303, Krishnatara Appt.,
Omkar Colony, Pimple Gurav
+91-070********
adfhtf@r.postjobfree.com
EXPERIENCE
Nvest Technologies, Bangalore
AUG 2019- PRESENT
Blockchain Developer, Analysis of Features and developed high performance web applications in node.js and react.js environments, including development of Decentralized applications in web3.0 network and rinkeby testnet using geth blockchain network environment with solidity smart contracts.
Developed a centralised crypto currency exchange site including 8 different exchanges, with all features of a trading website. KPIT Technologies, Pune
Nov 2016 - Feb 2018
Analysis of Feature requirements and developed control algorithms for after-treatment system in off-highway and on-highway vehicles. Developed and validated Diagnostics and Fault Handling algorithms for PFS, SCR systems.
Performed code generation (RTW-EC), flashing to ECM and testing. Developed robust test plans and Carried out Feature Simulation using Truck data as inputs.
Carried out MIL, HIL and bench testing for developed models, features and functionalities.
EDUCATION
Pune University, Pune — Degree
Aug 2012 - July 2016
Engineering in Electronics and Telecommunication.
Central School, Pune — SSC
MONTH 2010 - MONTH 2012
Computer Science.
SKILLS
Developing high performance
web3.0 or Dapps in solidity
and ETH in public blockchain
network.
Hyperledger Fabric Certified.
Development and deployment
of nodes and in private or
permissioned blockchain
network.
Development of web3 apps on
top of backend frameworks
such as node.js.
Integration of backend and
frontend apps in web2.0.
Developing web2.0
applications on python
backend with reinforced and
unsupervised machine
learning algorithm for stock
or value predictions.
AWARDS
Hyperledger Fabric
Fundamentals Certified
(link :
https://trainingportal.linuxfo
undation.org/learn/certificate
s/hyperledger-fabric-fundam
entals)
Elements of AI Certified
(link :
https://certificates.mooc.fi/va
lidate/h9woqhgvn26)
PROJECTS
GxTrade — Centralised Trading platform for all the exchanges. Trading and exchange of crypto coins using smart order routing to make larger profits from a single platform.
IcedProtocol — Centralised Trading and exchange platform for all the exchanges with editing and creating user’s own platform just by using the the platform as a tool(SoS) with own marketing strategies and adding their own created currency. SmartMatrixD — Complete decentralised Crwodfunding platform based on matrix strategies.
LinkedIn Id
https://www.linkedin.com/in/debo-karmakar-09415493/ LANGUAGES
English, Hindi.
Contact this candidate