KELLY LIM
**** ****** ***** *****,
San Jose, CA 95148
Mobile: 669-***-****
Home: 408-***-****
Email: ac64r0@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER SUMMARY

Over 15 years of accomplished system administration experience in enterprise products including Microsoft, Symantec and Hewlett Packard platforms, seeking a challenging and rewarding career with a vibrant company.

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATION

Santa Clara University, Santa Clara, CA. January 1994 to January 1997.
Bachelor of Science in Commerce, Cum Laude. Decision and Information Sciences major.
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer, certified 1998.
QuickStart Technologies, Santa Clara, CA. March 1997, April 1997, August 1997, October 1998. Windows NT 4.0, Exchange 5.0, Systems Management Server 1.2, Internet Information Server 4.0.
WSB Technologies, San Jose, CA. April 2000. Upgrading Skills from Windows NT Server 4.0 to Windows 2000.
UC Berkeley Extension, Fremont, CA. March to April 2001. Java: Discovering Its Power. Grade: A.
TriTech Educational Services, Washington DC. July 1999. LANDesk Management Suite 6.3.

HONORS & AWARDS

Upsilon Pi Epsilon national honor society in Computing Sciences.
Beta Gamma Sigma national honor society in Business.
National Dean's List.
Dean's Honor Roll.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Software Technologies:
All versions of Microsoft Windows, Exchange, SQL, Messenger, Office, Clustering, Internet Information Server, Systems Center Configuration Manager, Systems Management Server. FDDI, Ethernet, TCP/IP, WiFi 802.11, IPSEC, L2TP, HTTP, Radius, DNS, DHCP, Symantec Backup Exec, PXE, TFTP Legato Networker, ARCServe, Visio, LANDesk Management, and Oracle. Familiar with Windows Scripting, C, C++, and Java.

Hardware:
HP Proliant Servers, Presario desktops, and Elitebook laptops. 3PAR SANs, Cisco Catalyst Switches, Nortel Contivity 1500 VPN switch. Dell PowerEdge servers, PowerVault storage, desktops, and Latitude laptops. IBM ThinkPad notebooks. ATL and DLT tape libraries. NetApp F880 filer.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Travelzoo Inc., Mountain View, CA
Senior Systems Administrator
August 2003 to May 2015

Performed leading role in designing, implementing, maintaining, upgrading and securing all Windows Servers including Windows Server 2003, Windows 2008, Windows 2012, Microsoft Clustering, System Center Configuration Manager, SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2012, Microsoft Exchange Server 2010, 2013, and Lync 2010, 2013. Lead person in ensuring PCI Compliance for entire organization. Migrated from physical servers to a highly available virtualized environment using VMWare vCenter, ESX and ESXi. Setup and supported 3PAR InServ F200 and F400 Storage Area Networks. Supported Cisco Load Balancers. Deployed and supported Windows 7, 8 and 10 HP desktops and laptops utilizing GPO’s and SCCM, Apple MacBooks, OSX, iPads, and iPhones. Ensured high availability of e-commerce and public-facing websites utilizing Akamai edge servers, DNS and application load balancers. Gathered and analyzed network and systems metrics for performance enhancement, trending, and growth forecasts. Project-managed backup and disaster recovery solution including Symantec Backup Exec, assessing and defining business needs, evaluation criteria, technical requirements, and integration with company platform. Supported IIS and MS SQL environment including failover, tuning, optimizing, securing, and patching. Provided corporate 7x24 IT support to company, including product releases from Engineering.

Tahoe Networks, San Jose, CA
Systems Administrator
July 2001 to June 2003

Responsible for implementation, operations, security, maintenance, upgrades, support, and future planning of all Windows 2000 and NT servers, including Windows 2000 domain controllers, DNS/WINS/DHCP servers, Exchange 2000 cluster, IIS web servers, file/print servers, Project Central server, Symantec Antivirus protection, and Radius authentication server. Designed, documented, and implemented Legato Networker and DLT library backup solution for Exchange 2000 cluster, Windows file servers, Oracle Server and Sun Solaris. Set up wireless network for roaming laptop users using Cisco Access Point 350 and Nortel Contivity VPN for secure access. Responsible for their operations including firmware and software upgrades. Primary problem-solver for Windows and network issues including Ethernet, wireless, and VPN. Actively supported a wide-range of IT services, including Contivity VPN remote access, file sharing on NetApp storage appliance, Xerox DocuShare content management system, Agile Products, Shoreline IP phone system, and video conferencing system.

Aspect Communications, San Jose, CA
Systems Manager and Engineer
February 1997 to June 2001

Designed and created Windows Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, and Exchange 4.0 and 5.5 infrastructure. Collaborated with software development teams to set up Microsoft partnership and testing lab. Set up various hardware including routers, switches, and server/client systems. Provided ongoing support for all aspects of Windows and networking. Migrated NetWare 3.12 to NT 4.0 Servers for North America. Implemented ARCServe enterprise backup solution. Performed ongoing maintenance including upgrades and patching. Established IT policies and standards for server builds, network security, backups, inventories, system maintenance, and system changes, resulting in improved productivity, increased system uptime, and increasing Service Level Agreements. Worked with IT Operations worldwide in devising plan for Y2K remediation and compliance, including setting up lab and test guidelines and performing upgrades or replacements. Designed, implemented, and improved enterprise-wide Exchange 4.0 email topology. Led deployment of LANDesk systems management tool, SMS, SQL and Symantec virus protection to servers and systems. Administrated NetWare 3.12 file and print servers.

Quantum Corporation, Milpitas, CA
Network Analyst
June 1996 to December 1996

Studied, mapped, and documented entire network topology. Monitored and diagnosed LAN and WAN with HP OpenView. Installed hardware and software upgrades for networking devices, including routers, switches, bridges, and hubs. Helped to design and implement network's future topology and Network Operations and Control Center.

Santa Clara University Academic Computing Center, Santa Clara, CA
Computer Support Analyst
May 1995 to December 1995

Drafted training materials for, coordinated, and assisted in teaching computer classes.
Installed component upgrades and application programs for users. Provided general hardware and software support.
Contact this candidate