Larry M. Manning
*** ********* **** * ***** Mountain, Ga 30087 n Cell: 318-***-**** n ac6n51@r.postjobfree.com

Information Technology Manager
Goal-oriented and client-focused IT Manager with extensive practical experience in technology and administrative management

Accomplished IT Manager with 16 years of experience managing server infrastructures and data-center operations across multiple platforms (Unix, Linux, Windows). Effectively plan, install, configure and optimize the IT infrastructure to consistently achieve high availability and performance.

Proven ability to create and deliver solutions tied to business growth, organizational development and systems/network optimization. Hands-on, out-of-the-box thinker with advanced skills in decision-making and persuasive communication, experienced in project and resource management and cross team training.

HIGHLIGHTS OF IT SKILLS

LAN/WAN/NOC Administration
Project Management
Workflow Planning
Productivity Improvement
Technical Support
Systems Installation, Configuration & Upgrading
Security Solutions
Database Design & Management
NOS Patches & Updates
Training & Mentoring

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

Operating Systems: Windows 8, 7 & XP, Windows Server 2012 R2, 2012, 2008 R2, 2008, & 2003 R2,
Linux, Unix, CentOS

Hardware: Cisco 4000/3900/3800/2900 series Routers, Cisco 2900 series Switches,
Cisco ASA Firewalls, Checkpoint Firewalls, 3Com & Netgear Switches, Hubs,
Laptops & Workstations, Servers(HP, Dell, Micron,Compaq, IBM), Raid, SCSI,
Modems, Network Cards, Memory, Printers, Scanners and other periphals.

Software: Exchange 5.5 & 2000, Citrix Client & Server, XenApp, VMware ESXi 4.0,5.5,6.0& 6.5
Windows Terminal Server, MS Proxy Server, MS IIS Server, Cisco IOS, McAfee,
Gmail for Work, Symantec Beackup Exec, and MS Office 365.

Networks/Protocols: LAN/WAN, TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, NWLINK, NETBEUI, WINS, DNS, DHCP, POP3, SMTP
FTP, TELNET, RDP, VPN, ICMP, IGRP, EIGRP, TFTP, Ethernet

Larry d. Manning
Resume § Page 2

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

VIEW DYNAMIC GLASS – Olive Branch, MS
Sr Systems Administrator- July 2017 to May 2018
Design and implement clustered or high-availability hypervisors and Windows operating systems, making expert-level use of currently available technologies, such as vCenter, MS Cluster Server, and Active Directory Services.
Key Contributions:
Responsible for maintaining the virtual infrastructure hardware, operating systems, and VMs on servers which support business processing requirements.
Maintain reliable, secure and high performing systems in a multi-domain, multi-site Windows Active Directory environment that consists of SQL servers, VMware vCenter 6.5, and Windows 2008R2/ 2012/ 2016 servers
Develops new system and application implementation plans, custom scripts and testing procedures to ensure operational reliability.
Manage day-to-day operations of the host computers by monitoring system performance, configuration, maintenance and repair. Ensures that records of system downtime and equipment inventory are properly maintained

PRO STAR FULFILLMENT – Memphis, TN
IT Manager- July 2016 to July 2017
Leverages technical expertise on hardware setup/configuration to provide exceptional user support and resolve critical operational issues. Experience includes managing security and after-hours support for classified information and communication
Key Contributions:
Determine all IT policies and procedures with oversight for administration for user permissions, security levels and technical accountability.
Oversee all systems administration, server monitoring, storage, backup/ recovery, data migration and IP phone system with the goal of 100% uptime for business continuity.
Recruit, train, and mentor all IT staff, developing teams and leaders to ensure that business value is maximized and IT goals are achieved.
Provide oversight for IT operations, support desk, service calls and escalated problem resolution.

Larry d. Manning
Resume § Page 3

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

(Continued)

BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD OF ILLINOIS – Waukegan, IL
Network Security Support Engineer - August 2014 to January 2016
Interact with internal and external customers to provide and process information in response to inquiries, concerns and requests about products and services. Respond to requests for IT support, logging problems, generating trouble tickets, diagnosing and resolving problems, and if necessary, escalating the problem to the appropriate level of expertise
Key Contributions:
Configure security services for new customers and migrate existing customers to the BCBS Network Operations Center
Document operations procedures to install security devices on the network and configure for managed services customers
Performs root cause analysis and develops checklists for typical problems and recommends procedures and controls for problem prevention.
Validate customer network configurations are functioning per designs via log flows and alarm notifications

ROSALIND FRANKLIN MEDICAL UNIVERSITY North Chicago, IL

Sr. Systems Administrator – March 2014 to January 2016
Systems/Network Consultant - January 2014 to March 2014
Hired as a full-time systems administrator following initial consulting role. Provide Windows/Unix/Linux administration, network operating center (NOC) administration, LAN/WAN/VPN administration, VMware administration, and perform tape backups and data recovery. Also manage Active Directory, DNS, wireless access points and load balancers. Design and implement highly available (HA) and disaster recovery (DR) solutions.
Key Contributions:
Evaluated and reconfigured company’s Unix/Linux/Oracle setup, including reallocating SAN disk space to engineer a robust, scalable solution.
Managed and monitored VMware vCenter farm with over 150 Windows virtual machines.
Researched, recommended and implemented network enhancements that improved system reliability and performance.
Revamped NetBackup schedule. Optimized system availability (averaging 99.9% uptime) and equipped company with scalable systems to support fast business growth.
Trained employees across multiple departments on network operations including log-in procedures, network management software, permissions, printing issues, security and use of software.

Larry d. Manning
Resume § Page 4

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

(Continued)

VANTAGE HEALTH PLAN Monroe, LA

IT Enterprise Supervisor – October 2012 to January 2014
Responsible for planning, directing and coordinating the information systems of the company. These duties include overseeing the implementation, operation, and maintenance of all servers and the PC based network computer systems in all departments.
Key Contributions:
Plan/conduct major hardware, network, software and operating systems upgrade and migrations.
Responsible for installation, administration and monitoring of Citrix Server Farm containing over 100 virtual servers.
Provide Tier 2 and 3 end-user support for 500+ users.
Wrote and implemented policies and procedures to ensure compliance with all HIPAA and HITECH standards.
Inherited failing disaster recovery project that had been going for over a year and completed in one month.

COMMANDER FLEET ACTIVITIES YOKOSUKA Yokosuka,Japan

Career Counselor/IT Technician – April 2010 to September 2012
Relied upon by senior personnel to serve as the Education Counselor for a department of over 100 personnel. Also assigned to maintain, at the basic level, all computers, servers, and network equipment on-shore and at sea.
Key Contributions:
Counsel, schedule, administer, interpret and advise on test results as required in further counseling sessions to assist the individual service member in career decision planning.
Provided career development counseling consisting of consideration of the total individual potential, military career development, structure and subsequent military and civilian career goals and plans .
Prepare and present briefings to the upper chain of command concerning the department’s career counseling program and each individual service member’s current situation and achievements in reaching their career goals.
Maintain all computers, IT networks and IT operability both on-shore and at sea on the department’s assigned tug boats.
Handle trouble calls concerning IT equipment and networking capabilities of the department and identify and escalate situations requiring urgent attention and action and track and route problems, requests while documenting resolutions.

Larry d. Manning
Resume § Page 5

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

(Continued)

USS SAN ANTONIO(LPD-17) Norfolk, VA

Systems Administrator – Febuary 2006 to April 2010
Managed a team of 5 Information Systems Technicians who were tasked with administering the ship’s IT systems. Analyzed systems failures to isolate the source of the problem(s) and determined if the failure was caused by integrated hardware, software, application programs or other sources.
Key Contributions:
Analyzed, logged and tracked complex software and hardware matters of significance related to network connectivity issues, printer, server, and application to meet ship’s needs.
Managed a team of Network and Systems Administrators in conducting security analysis to assess vulnerabilities within the network which consisted of over 400 users.
Administered 6 routers and 42 switches with over 26 separate networks and VLANS.
Coordinated hardware and software installations and upgrades to ensure work was performed in accordance with DoD policies. Recommended resolutions to complex matters and coordinated the implementation of the approved course(s) of action.
Coordinated and monitored troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose common system problems and documented system events to ensure the system ran at an optimal level.

NAVAL COMPUTER AND TELECOMMUNICATION STATION(NCTS) HAWAII Wahiawa, HI

Systems Administrator – January 2003 to Febuary 2006
Lead a team of 21 Information Systems Technicians in ensuring that the Certificate Authority Workstations were running efficiently and effectively. Responsible for the command’s plans associated with certification and accreditation of its automated information systems, business continuity of operations and disaster recovery.
Key Contributions:
Systems Administrator in-charge of NCTS Guam, Twenty-Nine Palms, California and NCTS Yokosuka.
Lead Certificate Authority for 8 personnel, responsible for the creation of fortezza cards in the Defense Messaging System (DMS) environment.
Assisted in establishing a Virtual Private Network (VPN) that spanned over 4 countries.
Provided Certificate Authority Workstation (CAW) services to customers in Guam saving the Navy over 2.5M.
Investigated, analyzed and resolved a variety of security problems, questions and situations making recommendations based upon interpretation of existing security guidelines.

ADDITIONAL IT EXPERIENCE

Excelled in early IT career, advancing through increasingly responsible roles including:

USS KEARSARGE Norfolk, VA
Network Administrator, June 1999 to January 2003

EDUCATION & TRAINING

Florida National University Hialeah, FL
Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems (CIS), 2012-2014
Citrix Certified Systems Administrator (CCA), 2013
ALISON Diploma in Information Technology Management, 2016
Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate, Windows Server 2012, Currently renewing

821 Southland Pass n Stone Moutain, Ga 30087 n Cell: 318-***-**** n ac6n51@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate