Taran Bainter
Systems Administrator • Datacenter Technician
*** ** ****** **
Kansas City, MO
817-***-****
ac6xgm@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
To acquire a position in a positive, progressive environment wherein an employee can experience both personal and professional growth. The ideal position would allow the utilization of administration and change management skills gleaned from previous jobs while providing the training necessary to become a more valuable asset to the rest of the team.

SUMMARY
Systems administrator with 5 years of professional datacenter experience and a passion for new technologies. Experience with the installation and configuration of Windows, Linux, and ESX on a variety of servers. Fast learner with strong written communication skills. Passionate about seeking and promoting a positive job culture.
SKILLS
Operating Systems: Linux-Based
5 Years of Professional Experience
Experience installing and configuring Linux-based servers. Able to navigate and troubleshoot common issues found in numerous linux/unix-based systems. Worked primarily with RHEL 6.6-6.9, RHEL 7.2-7.4, CentOS 6.6-6.10, and CentOS 7.1-7.4. Familiar with Linux Command-Line.
Operating Systems: Windows
5 Years of Professional Experience
Experience installing and configuring Windows Server 2003/2008/2012. Able to navigate these operating systems versions and troubleshoot common issues. Familiar with Powershell.
Hardware: Cisco, Dell, HP, Supermicro
5 Years of Professional Experience
Experience physically installing, cabling, and performing firmware/BIOS updates on Dell, HP, Supermicro, and Cisco equipment. Able to configure and utilize management interfaces (e.g., Dell’s iDRAC interface).
Network
5 Years of Professional Experience
Experience with infrastructure design, cable path layouts, etc. Able to set up initial network configurations for devices and perform basic troubleshooting of common network issues. Familiar with null-routing, configuring DHCP, DNS, VLAN, etc. Experience working with copper, SM/MM fiber, and twinaxial cables.
Software
3 Years of Professional Experience
Nagios, Sharepoint 2013, HP Open View, Microsoft Deployment Toolkit, NLYTE: DCIM, Visio, Sketchup, and several custom-built/in-house tools.
Scripting
2 Years of Professional Experience
Familiar with Bash (Nano, Vi), Powershell, Linux Command-Line
EXPERIENCE
State Farm, Olathe Kansas Systems Administrator
July 2017 - July 2018
Responsible for the installation and troubleshooting of hardware and software in State Farm’s Olathe DR facility. Installed, configured, and monitored Linux and Windows-based machines.
●Device Racking and Cabling
●Working with Numerous Remote Teams to Meet Project Goals
●Troubleshooting a Variety of Dell and Cisco equipment
●Performing Regular Hardware and Software Maintenance (Including Firmware Updates and Part Swaps)
●Basic Network Port Configurations
●Creating and Documenting Fiber Paths That Utilized Patching Shelves, ZDAs, and TAPs
●Troubleshooting, Updating, and Maintaining Servers via iDRAC
●Tier II Network Troubleshooting
●Tier III Hardware Troubleshooting
●Installing and Configuring Linux Servers, primarily RHEL 7.2-7.4
●Installing and Configuring Windows Servers (Server 2012, Exchange)
●Perform BIOS/Firmware updates over iDRAC
●Troubleshoot over iDRAC
●Configure DHCP, VLAN, DNS, etc on new equipment
●Troubleshoot common OS issues for Linux and Windows Servers
●Applying the initial configurations for Comm Routers (Cisco 2901)
●Use HP Open View for server monitoring
●Use NLYTE: DCIM for tracking assets within the datacenter.
●Use Sharepoint to assist our team with keeping track of documentation, projects, important links and information, etc.
●Use an in-house tool in conjunction with MDT to easily deploy hundreds of servers at a time.
●Prepare for and organize overnight changes
●Use PowerShell to mass-acquire hardware serial numbers from new devices
●Use PowerShell to perform basic network troubleshooting
●Perform overnight changes (including site-impacting changes).
Datapipe, Kansas City, Missouri Datacenter Technician
January 2015 - July 2017
Responsible for the installation and troubleshooting of hardware in Datapipe’s Airworld Drive facility. Assisted clients with their own rackspace while also supporting Datapipe’s internal cloud system.
●Device Racking and Cabling
●Running Fiber and Copper Network Cabling Across the Datacenter
●Troubleshooting Client Equipment
●Installation of CentOS 6.6+ and 7.1+, Windows Server 2008+, ESXi, and RHEL 6.6+
●Configure initial setup/configurations for linux servers (CentOS and RHEL)
●Provide hands-on customer support for Linux and Windows-based servers.
●Performing Regular Maintenance on a Variety of Equipment (HP, Dell, Supermicro, etc)
●Utilizing Online Resources and Search Engines to Find Solutions to Problems
●Working with Multiple Teams (Networking, Facilities) to Meet Project Goals
●Overseeing a Multitude of Datacenter-Wide Projects
●Installing and Configuring Windows/Linux Servers
●Use Nagios to monitor servers and respond to alerts
●Use Visio/Sketchup for internal projects related to datacenter audits, cable tracking/documentation, etc.
●Prepare for and organize overnight changes
●Perform overnight changes in the datacenter while coordinating with multiple teams
●Occasionally participate in CAB meetings with clients to provide insight.
Tierpoint, Dallas, Texas Datacenter Technician
August 2013 - September 2014
Responsible for the installation and troubleshooting of hardware based on the requests submitted by colocated clients. Assisted with setting up the hardware end of Tierpoint’s cloud infrastructure.
●Device Racking and Cabling
●Working with Network and Facilities teams to Meet Project Goals
●Troubleshooting Client Equipment
●Installing a Variety of Operating Systems
●Performing Regular Maintenance on a Variety of Equipment (HP, Dell, Supermicro, etc)
●Null-Route IPs experiencing DDOS attacks
●Install/Configure RHEL, CentOS, Windows Server 2003+, and ESX in accordance with client requests.
●Provide basic support for RHEL, CentOS, Windows Server 2003+, and ESX
PROJECTS
State Farm Migration Migration from Bloomington, IL to Olathe, KS
Assisted with numerous migrations from Bloomington, Illinois to Olathe, Kansas. I was primarily responsible for assisting with the migration of Unified Communications equipment (the backend for State Farm’s phone systems).
Datapipe Cable Documentation Documentation of Thousands of Previously Undocumented Cables for Datapipe
When Datapipe acquired Layered Tech, they acquired hundreds of thousands of cables with absolutely no labels or documentation. I was put in charge of tracing these cables, documenting their end-to-end points, and putting this information into a comprehensive system.
EDUCATION
Navarro College
DasCHE High School
AWARDS
Writers of the Future Honorable Mention
OTHER SKILLS
●Technical Writing
●Graphic Design
●Some C++
●Some Python
●Unreal Engine
●Blender 3D
Contact this candidate