*** ******** *** *********,** *****
PHONE 973-***-**** • E-MAIL ac74f4@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn Profile -http://goo.gl/SJB8kv
CHRISTOPHER M.LYERLY
CAREER FOCUS
Information technology specialist with cross-platform experience in systems/network architecture,installation,implementation,integration, security,and administration in local and remote environments for diverse client industries (education,health,legal,small business and corporations). Recognized for utilizing excellent consulting skills to develop effective solutions for client situations.
SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS
● Instituted new antivirus solution across all offices globally.One central space to view and control threats as they arise whether virus,malware or phishing attacks,instead of managing systems on an individual basis.
● Created new system for asset management across all offices,removing the need for multiple spreadsheets,creating one central means to find which assets are linked to a user and also an easier means to verify software licensing compliance.
● Implemented Google Apps for Education utilizing Google Drive and Docs,as well as, other Google Marketplace applications in the classroom and administrative offices to promote departmental collaboration and differentiated learning.
● Led weekly “Lunch and Learn” sessions for faculty and staff on better use of available technology.
● Utilized IDEA-B funding to purchase Apple TVs and Epson interactive projectors to create a more involved learning environment.
● Responsible for teaching a Technology Internship in which students designed and created projects using minimal funding and salvaged computer technology.
● Designed and installed redundant server solution for web hosting,e-mail,backup,and file storage.Project was completed on-time and within budget restrictions.
● Designed disaster recovery plan and file storage co-location for strategic branding firm based in New Jersey and Ohio.
● Maintained help-desk for corporation for several years in a cross-platform,Apple Macintosh and Microsoft Windows environment.
TECHNICAL SUMMARY
HARDWARE
Apple Macintosh laptops,desktops,xServe,xServe RAID,PC compatibles:IBM, Dell,HP,Compaq,Fibre Channel:JNI,Emulex,QLogic,ATTO,Astera,Brocade, Rorke Galaxy RAID and AIT3 Tape Library,3COM,Cisco,Dell and Aruba switches,FortiGate 90D and 100D firewall,Juniper SRX-240H,SA2500 SSL VPN, Netilla SSL VPN and Symantec SGS 5620,SnapServer NAS,Linksys and Dlink networking products.
OPERATING SYSTEMS
Windows OS and Server,Macintosh OS and OS X Server,OS/400 iSeries V5R4, Linux mostly Ubuntu and CentOS
SOFTWARE
Adobe Suite,Microsoft Office,Lotus Notes Client and Domino Server,Exchange, Salesforce.com,Atlassian JIRA,Google Apps for Education,Asana,Spiceworks, Moodle,Schoology,PowerSchool,Untangle UTM
UTILITIES
Veeam,ESET Antivirus,Symantec Veritas,CA Arcserve,Symantec AntiVirus, McAfee Enterprise 8.5,Brightmail,Dameware Remote and Utilities,Bitdender EXPERIENCE
HCT Packaging Inc
Systems Administrator,2015-present
Maintain server and desktop systems in a fast-paced manufacturing business using a Hyper-V virtualized infrastructure with offices in NJ,NY,CA,United Kingdom,Hong Kong and users in various parts of Europe.Leveraging my years of experience to deliver the best possible user experience at all times. MORRIS CATHOLIC HIGH SCHOOL
Systems Administrator,2013-2015
Perform daily system monitoring,verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware,server resources,systems and key processes.Provide technical support to all staff including instruction and assistance in integrating hardware and software into the curriculum and daily processes.Explore new and emerging technology trends and then adapt if necessary and apply for educational instruction and learning.
EMD Millipore/Biotest/Bio-Rad 2006 -2012
EMD Millipore Corp
Systems Administrator,2011-2012
Biotest Microbiology Corp
Systems Administrator,2010-2011
Maintain company technology infrastructure including MS Windows Server 2008 domain,VOIP phone system,AS/400 ERP system,Filemaker Pro database, VMWare and Citrix virtual servers.Perform daily backups for various systems. Support Salesforce.com implementation by designing templates and troubleshooting end user issues.Provide Helpdesk support to all in-house and field staff.
Bio-Rad Laboratories
Systems Administrator,2009-2010
Provide help desk type support for local and remote users.Administer multiple servers in a mixed mode 2000/2003 Domain,as well as,an AS400 mainframe. Maintain Avaya based phone system.Perform daily backups for various systems.Troubleshoot printer,copier and fax machine related issues. EXPERIENCE (continued)
Biotest Diagnostics Corp.
Network Administrator,2006-2009
Provide help desk type support for local and remote users.Administer multiple servers in a mixed mode 2000/2003 Domain,as well as,an AS400 mainframe. Maintain Avaya based phone system.Perform daily backups for various systems.Troubleshoot printer,copier and fax machine related issues. Glitterwrap Inc.
PC/Mac Specialist,2005-2006
Provide hardware and software support for local and remote users in a cross-platform environment.Maintain multiple Microsoft Windows and Apple Macintosh servers,as well as,network attached clients.Maintain web-based help desk system including upgrades and any maintenance required. Responsible for making recommendations and then purchasing hardware and software.
Tangasset Solutions
Senior Consultant &Apple Certified Technician,2002-2004 Design,implementation,integration,and support of Apple Macintosh based systems for company’s major clients,including Kraft/Nabisco Foods,New York Life,Reckitt Benckiser,Marsh Inc.,Weichert Realtors,Benjamin Moore Paints, Johnson and Johnson,and Seton Hall University.
Info X,Inc.1997 -2002
Technical Support Specialist,2001-2002
Provided technical support and return authorization to customers who purchased JNI,Emulex,and QLogic host bus adapters.
Consultant,1997-2001
Various assignments involving in and out of warranty repairs and troubleshot software issues for both Apple and Microsoft based systems.Compaq,HP,and Apple certified for desktop,server and laptop support,as well as,working knowledge of Dell,IBM,and Gateway systems.
EDUCATION
Fairleigh Dickinson University
Madison,NJ
Masters of Arts in Teaching1997
Certificate of Instructional Technology
Major:History
Gettysburg College Gettysburg,PA
Bachelor of Arts Degree1993
Major:History
Minor:Theatre Arts
Contact this candidate