MURALI
Contact # +1-609-***-**** E-MAIL : ac79n4@r.postjobfree.com

Summary

Around 13 years of experience engineering and administering Linux, Solaris, Windows and Networking technologies.
Good experience on building Linux/Solaris/Windows servers, patching, installing applications and putting to networking.
Strong in troubleshooting, monitoring, training and 24/7 production support in mission critical environments in adherence with Incident, Problem and Change management process. ITIL certified.
Strong experience working with Java web applications HTTP, Tomcat, Jboss, Weblogic and Websphere.
Experience working with Network protocols and Cisco IOS.
Solid networking knowledge (OSI network layers, TCP/IP, Firewalls and load
balancing) and protocols DNS, DHCP, SSL, HTTP etc..
Experience on virtualization products Vmware 5.5/6.0.
Experience working with Security Vulnerability management, PCI, Tenable Nessus scans.
Strong knowledge on cloud environments Verizon Cloud and AWS EC2, VPC, S3, IAM, Cloudwatch, RDS, Security Groups. Good understanding on other cloud platforms like Azure, Google cloud.
Experience working with IVR products like Genesys.
Experience working on Redhat Openstack and attended corporate training by Redhat.
Experience working with Bash/shell scripting on various environments building new scripts and modifying the existing scripts as per requirement.
Experience working on AAA tooks like RSA.
Good experience on Tech refresh and datacentre migration process.

Skills

Operating Systems
Highly experienced in maintaining Redhat Linux 5/6/7, Solaris 9, 10 (on X86 and Spark hardware), Windows 2008.2012 OS including system health monitoring, OS upgrade/patching, File system maintenance, performance tuning, service management and troubleshooting.
Application
Experienced in Jboss, Weblogic, Websphere, Tomcat, Apache httpd java applications by monitoring their health check and troubleshoot memory leaks, connection/thread consumption issues, deploying code and configuration changes
Devops
Knowledge on Puppet installation and configuration of modules and classes. Troubleshoot and test code written in Puppet modules and classes. GIT versioning system and experienced in Bash/Shell scripting, basic knowledge on Python scripting.
Monitoring Tools
Monitored and maintained machine critical infrastructures with Nagios, HPOV, Site scope, Alertsite, Sec-Parser, AWstats, Splunk log analyzer and ensured the environment is healthy
Ticketing
Remedy, Jira
Backup Tools
VERITAS Net backup, CommVault
Virtualization
Supported Cloud platform with backend as VMware
Cloud Platforms
Supported customers on Verizon Cloud, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Redhat Open stack by monitoring their environment and troubleshooting system/network issues and escalate them if needed.

Professional Experience:

Organization: AT&T
Duration: July 2016 to Till Date
Designation: Systems Engineer
Location: Middletown, NJ

Roles and Responsibilities:

Responsible for building and supporting servers for the Voice Tone platform and ensure high availability of the server hardware, operating system and applications.
Responsible for supporting application code deployments to the web/java application servers on web-logic.
Experience working with SSL certificates.
Create shell scripts to automate the routine tasks to deploy the patches and packages to the servers.
Experience working with server hardware HP, IBM, Dell and have physical access to help remote users access the devices.
Responsible for supporting the development and testing teams by creating access and working on incidents raised by them.
Leading a team of 5 offshore engineers on the security vulnerability patching on the Redhat servers.
Experience working with PCI scan reports, Tenable Nessus scan and coordinate to put changes in place to ensure security compliance.
Responsible for taking care of the Incident and change management tickets. Join TRB/CAB calls to get the changes approved.
Knowledge on SDLC - software development lifecycle and experience coordinating with multiple teams to ensure successful code deployments to Development, QA and Production environments.
Experience working with Vmware 5.5 / 6.0 hosts.
Responsible for installation, maintenance and troubleshooting of RHEL 5.x, 6.x, 7 on VMware based environments.
Responsible for managing RSA authentication system (AAA tool) and Active directory users.
Knowledge working on Cisco IOS.

Organization: Verizon Data Services India
Duration: Sep 2011 to May 2016
Designation: Tech-Lead Systems Administrator
Location: Hyderabad, India
Roles and Responsibilities:

Supporting multiple customer environments with different scope of work in terms of application products like Jboss, Web-Logic, Tomcat, Apache and operating systems Linux 5.x, 6.x, Solaris 9/10. Worked on VMware 5.x platform.
Lead a team of 30 engineer’s with10 direct reports.
Effectively plan, install, configure and optimize the IT infrastructure to consistently achieve high availability and performance.
Designing and building infrastructure in AWS using EC2, EBS, ELB, VPC, IAM, and CloudFormation.
Built AWS systems and services, follow best AWS practices on AWS.
Responsible for installation, maintenance and troubleshooting of RHEL 4.x, 5.x, 6.x on VMware based environments.
Proficient in Performance Monitoring of CPU, Disks, memory and Network.
Coordinating with development and release teams to ensure smooth code deployments in customer’s environments.
Knowledge on tools such as Puppet, Jenkins Git.
Configuration and Administration of NFS, DNS, NIS, DHCP and LDAP on Solaris and Linux.
Efficient in installation, configuration and implementation of RAID using various tools
like Veritas Volume Manager, Logical Volume Manager and Solaris Volume Manager.
Good knowledge of SAN Administration, LAN/WAN/Subnets/VPN/Firewalls, TCP/IP networks, OSI layers, and Client/Server architecture.
Responsible for analysing the alerts coming in and do problem management in fixing the repeated alerts by tuning is monitoring system or by automating tasks.
Supported customer environments in colocation datacentres and on AWS cloud environment.
Experience working on backup solutions using Veritas NetBackup and Commvault.
Responsible for deploying the application code to the customer environment as per instructions and make necessary changes to the configuration files with proper change requests.
Pitch in wherever required on the Crisis Bridge and provide troubleshooting on the system administration and application part.
Responsible for monitoring the ticketing queues and address them appropriately within SLA time. BMC Remedy for Change Management, Incident Management, Problem Management &amp, Request Management
Address any customer requests through phone/email/bridge and drive them to resolution involving different teams whenever required.
Responsible for any changes going with customer environment and plan KT sessions to the team to fix the gap on the environmental Knowledge.

Organization: AT &T
Duration: Jan 2011 to Sep 2011.
Designation: Technical Associate
Location: Hyderabad, India.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Monitoring servers using AT&T proprietary tool visualizer and check the systems health according to the alerts displayed.
Responsible for maintaining Linux, Solaris operating systems and middleware on Jboss, Weblogic, Websphere, http, Apache and Tomcat applications. Exposure to VMware products.
Coordinate with the datacenter engineer for physical info of the boxes and provide access to the FE’s coming in.
Responsible for tracking the hardware issues and coordinate with the respective vendors to replace the faulty hardware.
Coordinating with operations managers and Join Bridge calls as and when needed to help the application and dba teams to perform their tasks at OS level.
Implementing changes through proper change control tickets and see that the process is followed as the ticket and through verification is done.
Frequently check the tickets in our queue and work with Tier 3 team if necessary to bring the issues to resolution.
Document all the recurring alerts, plan and implement a permanent solution to reduce the overhead of working on the same alerts always.
Work with the third party vendors like HP, Oracle for hardware issues and follow-up with them till the issues are resolved.

Organization: Indmax IT Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
Duration: May 2008 to Jan 2011
Designation: Unix Administrator
Location: Hyderabad, India.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Monitoring a 3 tier architecture with Web, app and database layers, with different monitoring tools and ensure 100 % uptime. Installation and maintenance of Site scope, Nagios, MRTG, Sec parser.
Leading a team of 12 members who monitor the environment 24x7 at the first level.
Responsible for maintaining Linux, Solaris operating systems and middleware on Jboss, httpd, Apache and Tomcat applications.
Training Monitoring team and building a proper process to track the alerts and put them to resolution and coordinating with different teams to make the environment function smooth with all teams co-operation. (NOC, release engineering team, customer support team, Network and security team)
Responsible for taking up projects and plan the task list and pre-requisites for the projects given by the Operations Manager and discuss them with the team, implement them to bring it closure within the scheduled due date.
Preparing and executing change control process and tracking them in a ticket with proper approval, QA and bring it to closure
Responsible for UNIX system and network administration on large scale and mission critical production servers. Deployed clustered environment with multiple clusters at Web, App and database layers.
Perform routine server maintenance, technical support and trouble-shooting. Worked with Developers to test & deploy different applications in highly available environment. Provided simultaneous support for multiple projects. Implemented basic shell scripts to automate daily tasks.
Responsible for working on any issues, changes, information request or bugs reported by customers in the application
Evaluate client projects including network, OS, applications, data and system dynamics to propose solutions by predicting risk, problems and methods perform upgrading of operating systems.
Setup and maintain backups using VERITAS NetBackup with multiple backup schemes, Planned and lead hardware and software migration and upgrade efforts. Performed system failure analysis through log files and used various backup methods to ensure the consistency and integrity of the file system.
Develop and maintain project plan including scheduling and priorities. Identify and escalate issues to proper designated persons as appropriate. Identify problem areas and suggest and/or implement improvements to existing systems.
Performing maintenance in a high availability environment planning proper change control process to make sure the process ends in the scheduled time.
Configuration of Send mail, Jboss clustering, web server load balancing, F5 load balancer.

Organization: Talent Maximus (Contract to Sify Technologies)
Duration: April 2007 to May 2008
Designation: Associate
Organization: Adecco Flexione Workforce solutions (Contract to Sify Technologies)
Duration: June 2005 to March 2007
Designation: Field Engineer
Job profile: Monitoring and maintaining ISP data center and remote base stations spread around in particular geographic region.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Having 3+ years of experience in troubleshooting ISP Networks and system administration.
Monitored wireless base stations and network devices using Sify proprietary tool called Beacon ware in a datacenter and remote base stations.
Installed and configured different wireless devices in 2.4, 2.5 and 5.0 frequencies.
Implementation of change control process and collect the necessary information required to conduct maintenance in production environment.
Installation and trouble shooting of leased circuits on copper wire.
Planning and maintenance of Fiber and LAN network holding 500 domestic customers in a city.
Worked on DNS, DHCP, FTP, BGP, OSPF, MPLS, http protocols
Installation and troubleshooting OS issues related to network on a Windows and Linux platform.
Tracking the issues coming in through the Infodesk (Sify Proprietary tool) ticketing system and plan permanent resolutions for the frequent problems.
Responsible for all the liasoning with the telecom providers (BSNL, TTL, RIL).

Academic qualification:

Bachelor of Commerce and Computers, Andhra University, Year: 2006

Certifications:

Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)

Sun Certified System Administrator (SCSA)

ITIL V3 Certified
Contact this candidate