Jishi Chen, M.S.
408-***-****
ac8ejh@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jishi-chen/

IT SENIOR STAFF SYSTEMS ENGINEER
Proactive and Results-Driven IT Liunx/UNIX Professional with significant expertise in the IT industry, including: High Availability (HA), ftp, license server management, IT infrastructure architecture and information security. Linux/Unix generalist with an emphasis on automation and Infrastructure as Code (IaC), including cloud developments in large-scale heterogeneous environment, infrastructure fundamental functions. Committed to learn, improve and drive to achieve excellence. Established strong collaboration relationships with cross functional teams, R&D teams to achieve efficiencies globally.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Linux/UNIX: systems administration, troubleshooting and problem solving, performance benchmark.
Automation and DevOps: bash, awk, sed, Perl, Ansible.
Enterprise Infrastructure: LDAP, DNS, FTP, NFS, sudo, sendmail, NIS, samba, LSF, DHCP.
High Availability: Veritas cluster, IBM AIX LPAR PowerHA cluster.
Cloud Platform: Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Virtualization: VMware vSphere, Openstack Platform 9
Security: system hardening, secured imaging, security audits, Sarbanes-Oxley compliance

ACOMPLISHMENTS

Led a global team to architect and manage global license support for company license servers with team knowledge training and team efforts for consistent, streamline support.
Co-led Oracle and MySQL HA database environment for multiple critical application server database for diversified requirements.
Served on architect team to form secured server farm (HPC) datacenter, to protect customers' Intellectual Property, which consists of 5,000 servers, large home directories, project data, customers' sensitive designs, complex firewall rules, and IT infrastructure services.
Successfully completed the project to migrate LDAP software from SunONE LDAP to OpenDJ which improved overall performance 2x, along with uptime and scalability.

EXPERIENCE
CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEMS, San Jose, CA 1999 - 2018 Dec.
Senior Staff Systems Engineer 2005-2018 : Designed and managed IT UNIX/Liunx infrastructure to meet the capacity and change requirement for global operation and new development needs
Architected and managed global license UNIX/Linux servers for 45+ Cadence software licenses, contracted connection program EDA partner licenses, and 3rd party purchases and evaluation license servers with license software installation for global regions and protected chambers.
Worked as part of architecture team with DBA for production Oracle and MySQL database servers for whole company to design, and implement 7 sets of High Availability cluster servers for multiple application servers in the DMZ and regular network to provide database solutions, on Linux Veritas clusters, IBM AIX LPAR PowerHA clusters, and Solaris Veritas clusters.
Architected company ftp/sftp/https solution using Axway SecureTranport for data exchange servers for internal and external users with DMZ and non-DMZ setup and data management.
Managed global IT infrastructure functions including LDAP servers, internal/external DNS servers, sudo, sendmail, samba management.
Developed process and technical documentation including systems architecture, infrastructure and design diagrams.
Managed application servers for CRM, COS, SAP in test, dev, production combination projects.
Worked in design team to implement data protection chambers for isolated develop setup to protect customer Intellectual Property, with separated account, home directory, data space, license access with firewall protection and limited shared data and license setup from regular environment.
Implemented and utilized DevOps culture to rebuild Linux’s configuration standard and deployment of 15000 Linux systems across multiple global locations.
Executed project planning activities including scope definitions, budget planning, progress tracking, change management, and post implementation support.
Planned, implemented and documented DR setup, practice to recover critical servers at DR site.
Managed DNS, LDAP, FTP, sudo, sendmail and high performance Compute Farm LSF, Openlava.

Staff Systems Engineer, 1999-2005 : Provided R&D UNIX/Linux servers and data center support for consistent development platform and general OS, tools, user troubleshooting support
Provided and improved UNIX administration support for OS deployment (RHEL, Centos, SLES, Solaris, AIX, HPUX, and IRIX).
Provided multiple datacenter, lab support for server monitoring, system health, resource allocation, and system setups, including datacenter closure and relocation planning, coordination and implementation.
Participated in merger & acquisition (M&A) projects, migrated UNIX/Linux servers, user accounts, managed groups, home directories and permissions, and ensured the integration without work interruption.
Set up and managed imaging servers for Linux RHEL, CentOS(kickstart), Solaris(jumpstart), AIX(NIM), HPUX(ignite) and participated in image standard creation.
Supported day-to-day health and uptime of production application infrastructure, involving Linux (Redhat, SUSE), Solaris (SPARC, x86), AIX, Oracle and Apache.
Automated large-scale server deployment and update up to thousands at a time.

EDUCATION
Master of Science, Computer Sciences
Indiana University, Bloomington, Indiana

Bachelor of Science, Engineering Sciences
National Cheng-Kong University, Tainan, Taiwan

TRAINING
Amazon Web Services (AWS) Training: Essentials, Systems Operations, Architecting
Contact this candidate