SHEILA HARRINGTON
Flushing, MI *****
810-***-**** ac9hqi@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/sheila-harrington

SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR
Windows and VMware Server Support

A results-driven IT professional with extensive experience in supporting information systems. In-depth expertise applying a structured change management approach and methodology for creating changes and securing approvals with senior leaders and stakeholders. Extensive knowledge in installing and configuring virtual environments using VMware. This includes the required server hardware along configured with Windows operating systems. Responsible for documenting and testing the disaster recovery process for the local data center. Exceptional communication, facilitation and technical skills. Experienced working with multiple teams.

Windows Administration
Server Hardware
VmWare Administration
Leadership Skills
Troubleshooting Skills
Analytical Skills
Change Management
Release Management
Incident Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

GENERAL MOTORS, Flint, Michigan 2013 - Present
MPS IT Support Team
Change Release Manager 2014 - Present
Provide Change Management requests with manufacturing plants for server patching and updates.

Worked with operational teams to integrate change management activities into the overall project plan.
Applied a structured change management approach and methodology for creating changes and securing approvals.
Proficiency in SharePoint, excel, power-point, ITIL framework.
Managed relationships and coordinate work between teams at different locations.
Listened to and learned from all peers to form best practices.

MPS Wintel Support Team 2013 - 2014
Windows Server Support
Provide Windows Server support across all GM Global business and manufacturing Servers.

Delivered on call support for server hardware and Windows operating systems for all datacenters.
Provided 1st level incident management support across all datacenters.
Evaluated servers to ensure they were at required version levels, creating the Request for Change (RFC), gather software requirements for implementation, and verification of the approved change to implement.
Worked with global colleagues to provide globally consistent processes and procedures.
Managed setup and provisioning of storage resources.
Performed other related duties as assigned.

HEWLETT PACKARD/ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS, Flint, Michigan
GPO Systems Admin Support at GM Flint Engine Operations Plant (HP acquired EDS in Aug 2008)
Systems Administrator 2008 - 2014
Install/Configure/Test new Server Hardware, configuring as standalone servers or as part of the Virtual Farm. Support for the plant business partners as needed.

Responsible for installing/configuring/supporting the VmWare virtual farm at the site. Worked with system administration teams to migrate physical servers to the virtual environment. Performed day-to-day administration of virtual environment and also standalone windows servers.
Installed and recorded cat5e/cat6 cable in support of the servers within the datacenter.
Deployed VMware security/bug fixes to ESXi hosts and MS Security patches to Windows servers including service packs and perform any other planned maintenance activities on an established cycle.
Assessed, investigated, planned and remediated system vulnerabilities of Active Directory, Windows 2003/2008 and ESX servers.
Managed, and tested disaster recovery procedures for hardware failures and site disasters.
Configured and managed the BackUp and Recovery environment for the servers at the site. Also coordinated offsite tape storage with the offsite vendor.
Coordinated Windows security patch and software releases for plant floor workstations, creating and following Request for change (RFC) processes.
Performed planned Operating System upgrades in conjunction with the Server Engineering team.
Supported the Storage Area Network (SAN) environment, coordinating with the vendor for drive replacements.

ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS, Lansing, Michigan
Incident Management Service Desk supporting General Motors
Incident Specialist 2006 - 2008

Tier 1 contact for incidents at the General Motors Manufacturing Facilities.

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Microsoft Certified IT Professional Enterprise Administrator 2008 - 2010
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer 2000 - 2000
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer NT 4.0 - 1999
Netware 4.1 Administration - 1996

TECHNICAL SKILLS

VmWare Administration (Vsphere, ESXi)
Microsoft Administration (Server and Desktop)
Microsoft Office Suite
PC and server hardware installation and configuration
Incident, Change, Request Management
Contact this candidate