Tracy L. Collins
ad03ze@r.postjobfree.com
Laurel, Maryland 20707
301-***-****(c)

Top Secret Clearance

Career Summary
A Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer/Network Specialist with more than 10 years of computer hardware, software, and network administration experience. Expert knowledge of Windows Platforms performing services such as assembly, installation, configuration, troubleshooting, maintenance, and performance tuning of servers, workstation and laptops. Other areas of expertise include building, installing, and configuring MS operating systems on HP, Compaq and Dell desktops and servers, Adept in administrative tools such as Active Directory, Exchange Server and Blackberry Server setting system policies, securities, and user groups, configuring DHCP, WINS, DNS and TCP/IP and server backups, as well as working with Switches/Routers and Vlan’s extensive work with network and end user support.

Certification Education
Security +2026, CASP+CE, CySA+ 2026
A+, MCP, MCP+I, and MCSE
Windows 7 Certification
Microsoft Certificate of Achievement
Onbase System Administrator Certification

Socrates 2000
Delta Micro Systems, Inc. A+ Certificate,
Lucent Technology, C-Tech, Network Cabling Specialist
Electrostatic Device (ESD) Certification
TESST Electronics & Computer Institute, 1994
Experience
ALTA IT Services/STS/ Clearwater 01/2015-09/2023
Sr. System Mobility Administrator, Walter Reed Wrmnmc
Install and Configuration of iPhone 11,14 IPad Pro, email+,Purebred, PIV-D, schedule iPhone, iPad and Account creation and appointment Scheduling, Deployment and Pager setup and America Messaging System administrator and AMS connect app for Hospital staff and MDM. Purebred. working with DISA.
Essentris System Administrator, Walter Reed wrmnmc
Administration and management of Clinical information systems both for the processing of electronic
Health records collaborate with HIPPA security office to ensure the system complies with HIPPA, installations, upgrades, Configures, test and maintain system and servers, Risk management and consultation to end user.
ActionNet/Kforce 6/14-10/2014
Tier2 VDI Technician, Department of Energy
As a member of the Virtual Desktop Implementation (VDI) migration team completed data collection on a pre-site process before the migration of client desktop to Wyse Zero client. Data transfer, network printer, troubleshoot thin client. Service Now ticket system. Windows 7 platform and Ms Suite 2010.
Qinetiq, Springfield,VA/Qbase
9/11–6/2014
Systems Administrator, Department of Homeland Security (ICE)
Maintaining systems for offices within Immigration and Customs Enforcement, performing software installation and hardware troubleshooting, Administrator for Active Directory, Exchange and Blackberry Console and PIV Card Setup work closely with PKI. Manager for Verizon, AT&T and Sprint Air card setup and configuration
Performing migration from Windows XP to Windows7 and Microsoft Suite 2010 environment on laptops and Workstations Install and Maintain Encryption software Secure Doc
Proficient in Remedy ticketing software, Remote software, cabling Lan closet work with switches and blades UPS checks on daily bases.
Mainstreet Technologies LLC, Columbia, MD 01/11–06/11
Systems Administrator, Mainstreet Technologies CEO and staff
Administrator for Active Directory, Exchange, Network printer and Windows 2008 R2 servers
Imaged Windows7 and Microsoft Suite 2010 environment on laptops
Collaborated with vendors on equipment procurement
Researched, purchased and implemented Zix encryption program to secure documentation via email
Information Support Specialist IV, Department of State/Executive Office of Public Affairs
Maintained 12 offices within the Public Affairs Executive Office, including image setup, software installation and hardware troubleshooting
Administrator for Active Directory, Exchange and Blackberry Console
Managed PS800 Computer Security Cyber Awareness compliance, Distributed department notices within the Public Affairs Executive office. Administered PKI (Public Key Infrastructure) FOB configuration
RSIS/EES, Germantown, MD 11/05–12/10
Information Support Analyst II, Department of Energy
Promoted to Laptop Team Lead Technician and McAfee Safe boot Administrator overseeing encryption security and maintenance of laptops for over 10,000 DOE employees, Managed Verizon and AT&T Aircard inventory, Served as primary backup for technical supervisor and inventory coordinator
Created laptop tracking protocol including documentation increasing productivity and reducing laptop losses for DOE international and domestic travel
Trained supervisor and technicians at three remote DOE offices to be in compliance with tracking protocol.
Imaged Bart software for workstations and laptops for customers per organization standards
Administrator for Active Directory, Exchange and Blackberry Console
Proficient in Tivoli Remote Desktop Agent, Applix and Remedy ticketing software
Installed and configured of software packages: Adobe Acrobat 9.0, Big Fix Client, VPN and Citrix, Business Objects, Entrust v7.0, Quick Hire. Assisted network team in the conversion of Cisco switches toVoIP6
Certificate of Appreciation – Gartner Best in Class 2009/2010. Managed Windows XP, MS Suite 2003, 2007, Internet Explorer, Adobe Acrobat. 2009/2010 Certificate of Appreciation – Gartner, Best in Class

Tracy L. Collinsp.2 of 2

TMSI, Chantilly, VA 04/05–11/05
Information Support Technician II, Department of Energy
Platinum Team member responsible for diagnosing and resolving issues (software, hardware, network), for the Secretary of Energy and his staff.Setup workstations for new user and configuring profile
Installed and configured Blackberry Desktop Software and Handheld version 4.0
Netview, Washington, DC 12/02–01/05
Systems Administrator for Production Service and Photo Studio, U.S. Senate Office
Configured, created and managed disk groups and user accounts for the On base Document Management System
(Hyland) v3.7 for US Senators and various committees
Stored documents on 1.98 TB server and HP SSL1016 Ultrium Tape Autoloader and managed servers
Completed Veritas backup on both Photo Studio and Production department servers
Upgraded hardware/software on HP servers and workstations including Vertias backup.
Setup demo and training for Senator’s Offices in the use of the Document Management System (Onbase)
Created and managed PowerPoint and Quick Card training demo classes for all systems within the department
Operated and managed Scribe and Rimage/300 Series CD/DVD burner, Created PDF, and images for CD’s for the senate offices
Information Systems Analyst, U.S. Senate Office
Only member of HP Transition Team to receive recognition from former Senator Norm Coleman for assistance in the seamless conversion of his office including data backup.Lead technician responsible for OS system upgrade and patch installation.Worked with program manager to plan senate office transitions of 50 or more PC’s per day
Configured Compaq/HP server and re-imaged laptops and desktops with Windows 2000/XP Compaq DP EN laptop and desktop with Windows 2000/XP.Installed and configured Microsoft Exchange 2000, setup Outlook and user profiles, backed up data files, mapped network drives as well as setup of local and network printers.Converted tower servers to desktops for server rack spacing.
Tek Systems, Hanover, MD 09/02–12/02
Desktop Support Specialist, Department of Energy
Assisted in Bios flashing, re-imaging over 400 laptops and desktops for Windows XP,Configured network printers
Installed MS Outlook and SMS packet for remote access with Terminal Service Client
Installed drivers, customized user desktop settings and display
Provided Help Desk support using Applix Ticketing system, Active Directory group and user account creation
Verizon Business Hosting (formerly Digex), Beltsville, MD 11/00–08/02
Information Systems Analyst 2/3
Windows Server Build Team member responsible for integration, migration, installation, configuration and troubleshooting hardware and software issues.Integrated and upgraded all aspects of hardware including RAID configuration, SCSI, fiber cards, cables, memory, processors and drives, on multiple Compaq platform servers.
Configured Smart Start applications on Compaq servers (D-series) in Windows NT/2K server environments
Created websites and domain names using HTML, IIS and Web Trends Configured DHCP, WINS, DNS, TCP/IP, VPN and group policy in MMC. Proficient in Siebel, Clarify, and Peregrine ticketing software.
Contact this candidate