Frederick Badu
E: ad0eln@r.postjobfree.com T: 857-***-****
Based in, Waltham MA

Meticulous, dynamic, adaptable, strong effective communicator and results driven Analytical Systems Administrator Professional.
Over 7 years’ experience managing IT infrastructure, extensive working knowledge of Linux, Windows, MAC OS, Cloud AWS and Azure and GUI interface to execute commands. Proficient in installing, configuration, and deployment of Red Hat, Centos, and Ubuntu
Seeking to leverage my skills and expertise to contribute to a forward-thinking organization.

Skills and Abilities

Linux Server Administration: Proficient in managing Linux-based systems (Red Hat, CentOS, Ubuntu) including installation, configuration, troubleshooting, performance tuning, and security hardening.
System Deployment and Maintenance: Experienced in deploying and maintaining Linux servers in both physical and virtual environments. Skilled in server provisioning, system updates, patch management, and disaster recovery.
Shell Scripting and Automation skills: Strong scripting skills in Bash to automate routine tasks, streamline processes, and enhance system efficiency.
Experience in the configuration of automation tools such RHEL satellite, Ansible, Chef, Docker, kubernetes and maintaining CI/CD pipeline.
Networking: Solid understanding of TCP/IP protocols, network configuration, and troubleshooting. Knowledgeable in DNS, DHCP, VPN, and firewall administration.
Security: Expertise in implementing security measures, access controls, and vulnerability assessments. Proficient in configuring firewalls, SSL/TLS, and implementing best practices for server hardening.
Monitoring and Performance Optimization: Proficient in utilizing monitoring tools (e.g., Nagios,) to monitor server performance, identify bottlenecks, and optimize system resources.
Backup and Recovery: Skilled in implementing backup strategies, scheduling backups, and ensuring data integrity. Experienced in disaster recovery planning and execution.
Virtualization: Hands-on experience with virtualization technologies (e.g., VMware, AWS, AZURE) for creating and managing virtual machines.
Team Collaboration: Strong interpersonal and communication skills, working effectively within cross-functional teams, and collaborating with stakeholders to deliver efficient solutions.
CCNA - Routing and Switching
Routinely scanning system performance for vulnerabilities and Patching using the industry specific tools.

Experience

Linux System Administrator/Cloud Administrator
Spark Technologies, MA January 2021 - Present

Troubleshooting and resolving customer issues following the Jira ticketing system. This includes deep dive analysis to get to the root cause of issues and resolving it.
Building of servers and provisioning them for customers. Mostly Virtual machines (ESXi and Hyper-V) but sometimes go to Data Center to build physical machines.
Creating Cron Jobs to schedule tasks in both Test and Production environment
Utilizing Ansible for automation, this includes patching of servers in both test and production environment.
Running a 24/7, on call rotation to monitor company servers and report issues through ticketing and phone calls.
Responsible for creating and managing user accounts, security, rights, disk space and process monitoring Centos and RHEL
Installed and configured logical Volume Manager-LVM and RAID
Installing Windows Active Directory and adding users and groups for authentication
Monitoring Servers using Nagios and troubleshooting alerts as they are received.
Use tools such as top, nmap, ps, etc. for performance analysis, tuning for the betterment of the network and various applications and services.
Utilizing AWS snapshots and creating Images of servers for backups before major works for business continuity
Building of EC2 Instances based on customer specifications.
Creating AWS Security groups to manage outbound and Inbound traffic.
Documenting best practices in the environment and making sure our internal wiki is up to date.
Creating NFS share to share files in various environments.
Serving as Team Lead during monthly patching, this includes coordinating with other players and running patch scripts. Building and managing multiple Servers on VMware, AWS
Documenting procedure and creating How-To documents for publishing in our company wiki
Creating change requests in order to implement changes in production environment based on business needs.
Installation of Active Directory and addition of users and groups for authentication.

Systems Administrator
CyberArk Software, Inc
August 2016 - January 2021

Creating user profiles and giving permissions to users and files in different departments in the organization.
User and Security Management in Linux/UNIX (Change permission, create, modify, delete groups and user accounts in UNIX and Linux)
Performed RPM and YUM (apt) package installations, changed management requests for software releases.
Assigning tickets to various teams as they flow in our ticketing system.
Configured DNS, NFS, FTP, Apache, HTTPS, DHCP remote access and security management.
Troubleshooting issues and resolving customer concerns
Creating user accounts on Linux servers for the Engineering department
Auditing and ensuring all servers are up to date with current users in the environment.
Building of Linux servers on VMware and giving users privileges
Scheduling of Cron Jobs
Utilized Netstat and Vmstat for performance analysis, problem prevention, identification and resolution.
Documented system configurations, procedures, and troubleshooting steps to ensure accurate knowledge transfer and facilitate future maintenance and troubleshooting.
Performing Snapshots, Cloning, Migration VMware convertor, Virtual Infrastructure

Education

University of Ghana (Legon), 2010

Certification

Comptia Security +
AWS Solutions Architect Associate
References

Available upon request
Contact this candidate