JORGE DIAZ
240-***-****
ad0yib@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY:
Multi-certified experienced systems administrator with strong experience managing server infrastructures and data-center operations across Windows and Mac OS X platforms. Effectively planned, installed, configured, and optimized IT infrastructures to achieve high availability and performance.
Superior troubleshooting and technical support abilities with migrations, network connectivity, and security and database applications. Over seven years of cross-platform experience in systems administration, including analyzing, designing, installing, maintaining, and repairing hardware, software, peripherals, and networks.
Developed exceptional relationships with co-workers, management, and end users. Excellent communication and problem-solving skills. Fluent in Spanish.

EDUCATION:

B.S., Computer Network & Security, University of Maryland University College, 2013

CERTIFICATIONS AND TRAINING:

Microsoft Certified Professional (2013)
Microsoft Desktop Support (2013)
Microsoft Certify Technology Specialist (2013)
HDI – Customer Service Representative Certification (2007)
Basic Linux Classes
ITIL Foundations Certification (2009)
Security + Certificate (Frederick Community College)

SKILLS:
Systems:
oWindows Server 2012 R2/2008 R2, Windows 10/8.1/8/7, Mac OS X
Cloud platforms, virtualization, software:
oCisco, Juniper VPN, VMware vSphere vCenter, Google Apps for Government, Beyond Trust Remote Support, Symantec Endpoint Protection Manager (SEPM), Commvault, Sys-Aid, Splunk, IBM Big-Fix, Dell KACE, SharePoint, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Teams, Engineering Tools, Symantec Endpoint Encryption, BitLocker, File Vault. Experience configuring, patching, and deploying Windows Server 2008/2012. Extensive knowledge of Microsoft IIS.
Networking:
oEthernet 802.3, TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, WINS, FTP, Telnet, DSL/Cable, hubs, routers, cabling, SMTP, POP3, NAT, VPN, VLAN, Ethernet 802.11, LAN/WAN.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Department of Energy (contract) September 2021- Present
Systems Administrator
Responsible for the build/ imaging of physical Windows 10 desktop PCs and laptops
Responsible for the physical installation of hardware at user desks (monitors, PC, webcam etc.), as well as the handover of laptops to users
Liaison with other technology teams to ensure any build issues are resolved
Assist with inventory management, ensuring migration
Team working with team members to solve complex issues. Execute patching, maintenance, and administration of a mixed physical and virtual enterprise server environment, composed of Windows 2008 server and Windows 2012 Servers, using IBM Big Fix Console and SCCM.
Manage user and client LDAP, Windows Active Directory accounts/group access and NTFS file permissions.
Create, delete, and maintain users account both Active Directory and Exchange Accounts.
Create and deploy images using Microsoft Deployment Toolkit (MDT).
Provide a high-level of customer service to all customers including effective communication.
Installs, configures, and upgrades computer hardware and software which includes the migration of data.
Provides technical support and troubleshooting to network, desktop, and/or systems hardware and software.
Applies advanced diagnostic techniques to identify problems, investigate causes, and recommend solutions.
Contribute to departmental policies and procedures related to computer hardware, software installations and customer support.
Support Windows 10, Mac OS, iOS, and Android.
Receive and respond to incoming calls, and/or work orders regarding desktop and/or laptop problems.
Perform delivery of IT Equipment as well returning to stock of equipment.
Provides phone and help-desk support for local and off-site users.
Maintains current knowledge of relevant technologies as assigned.
Participates in special projects as required.

United States Senate (contract) May 2021- September 2021
Desktop/ System Admin
Manage installations, configuration and ongoing usability of desktops, laptops, peripheral equipment, and software.
Execute patching, maintenance, and administration of a mixed physical and virtual enterprise server environment
Member of technical implementation team fulfilling a wide variety of technical service requests where excellent customer service and professional expertise are required.
Support customer installations and support in person, remote desktop and/or by phone.
Team working with team members to solve complex issues. Execute patching, maintenance, and administration of a mixed physical and virtual enterprise server environment, composed of Windows 2008 server and Windows 2012 Servers, using IBM Big Fix Console and SCCM.
Manage user and client LDAP, Windows Active Directory accounts/group access and NTFS file permissions.
Create, delete, and maintain users account both Active Directory and Exchange Accounts.
Create and deploy images using Microsoft Deployment Toolkit (MDT).
Provide a high-level of customer service to all customers including effective communication.
Installs, configures, and upgrades computer hardware and software which includes the migration of data.
Provides technical support and troubleshooting to network, desktop, and/or systems hardware and software.
Applies advanced diagnostic techniques to identify problems, investigate causes, and recommend solutions.
Contribute to departmental policies and procedures related to computer hardware, software installations and customer support.
Support Windows 10, Mac OS, iOS, and Android.
Receive and respond to incoming calls, and/or work orders regarding desktop and/or laptop problems.
Perform delivery of IT Equipment as well returning to stock of equipment.
Provides phone and help-desk support for local and off-site users.
Maintains current knowledge of relevant technologies as assigned.
Participates in special projects as required.

NASA Goddard Space Center (Contract) April 2016 – December 2020
Senior System Administrator
Manage Windows 10 and Mac’s deployment project to more than 500 users at the center.
Write PowerShell scripts to deploy packages trough BigFix
Implement Beyond Trust on new imaged and existing systems for windows 10 migration and everyday maintenance
.Troubleshooting hardware and software for both Windows 10 and MAC systems.
Manage JAMF on Mac computers for applications, security, Wi-Fi, and email.
Lead 2 other colleagues on a project of Commvault backups for 250 users that did not have a backup by installing software and updating database.
Utilize Remedy, Heat, and SYSAID ITSM for incoming tickets.
Follow, develop, and improve network and security configuration procedures in accordance with the Engineering & Technology Directorate (ETD) policies and procedures on Windows.
Execute patching, maintenance, and administration of a mixed physical and virtual enterprise server environment, composed of Windows 2008 server and Windows 2012 Servers, using IBM Big Fix Console.
Maintaining Mac patches and updates on Mac OS systems including an upgrade from High Sierra 10.13 to Catalina 10.15.
Manage user and client LDAP, Windows Active Directory accounts/group access and NTFS file permissions.
Create, delete, and maintain users account both Active Directory and Exchange Accounts.
Create and deploy images using Microsoft Deployment Toolkit (MDT).
Encrypt Windows Systems using BitLocker and Symantec Endpoint Encryption (SEE).
Liaise with vendors, suppliers and professional services for hardware and software purchasing.
Provide metrics for capacity management purposes.
Perform software and hardware firmware upgrades within the Windows and Mac environment.
Participate in disaster recovery testing.
Inventory maintenance.

Columbus Technologies March 2014 – April 2016
Mid-Level System Administrator
Provided Help Desk support for the Engineering and Technology Directorate (ETD).
Managed Windows 7 and Mac deployment project to more than 500 users at the center.
Troubleshot hardware and software for both Windows 7 and MAC systems.
Managed JAMF on Mac computers for applications, security, Wi-Fi, and email.
Resolved users’ issues with hardware and software via phone, remote desktop, and face to face support.
Provided Microsoft Windows 2003 and 2008 server operation system support.
Created, deleted, and maintained users account both Active Directory and Exchange, Cisco, Juniper VPN.
Addressed operational issues including file and share permissions, user’s accounts and installing applications within File Server.
Created and deployed images on Windows systems.
Used JAMF to deploy Mac computers and manually deploy Mac computers via external hard drive.
Utilized Remedy, Heat, and SYSAID ITSM for incoming tickets.
Installed MacOS El Capitan version 10.11 for 200 Mac computers.
Managed Backups for users and servers on both Windows and Mac.
Used Systems encryptions for Windows and Macs.
Monitored and troubleshot servers, Network and firewall performance and availability and ensured compliance to service level agreements (SLA).
Maintained server’s patches management practices.
Liaised with vendors, suppliers, and professional services.
Provided metrics for capacity management purposes.
Troubleshot and diagnosed hardware and software issues.
Performed software and hardware firmware upgrades within Windows and Mac environment.
Participated in disaster recovery testing.
Inventory maintenance.

Staffing Agency November 2013 – February 2014
Windows Deployment Technician
Windows 7 deployment project for the entire staffing agency.
Assisted end users with their passwords, email, network accounts after windows 7 migration.
Windows 7 upload and download images via SCCM server.
Data and applications transfer from Windows XP to Windows 7 via SCCM server.
Used Proxy manager and Cisco as remote connection with clients.
Traveled to different cities in the continental USA, Canada to deploy users with new Windows 7 migration.
Installed and troubleshot printers with connectivity and hardware repair.
Installed and supported Microsoft Office suites 2007/2010.
Maintained antivirus system Norton to be updated for all systems.
Provided both hardware and software support.

Library of Congress March 2007 – August 2013
Hardware / Software Team Lead Technician
Led of 3 technicians on a Project to Deployed new operation systems from Windows 98, XP to Win 7 to 1,500 users.
Helpdesk calls and create tickets using Remedy, support solution software.
Managed Windows XP, 7 and Mac deployment project to more than 1200 users at the center.
Troubleshot both hardware and software for Windows 10 and MAC systems.
Ensured the hardware team maintained or exceed performances targeted to stablished costumer expectations to all computers, audio visual hardware and software related.
Managed exchanged, Active Directory accounts.
Set up meeting room with video/audio, computer equipment for user video conferences.
Managed hardware and software maintenance to laptops and desktops to more than 1,500 users.
Installed and supported Microsoft Office suites 2007/2010 via SCCM server.
Ran cabling telephone, network to computers, copiers, printers, and faxes for new offices.
Installed and supported Microsoft Office suites 2007/2010 via SCCM server, word perfect suite, micro media dream weaver, acrobat reader, oracle client, SQL, VPN, JAVA, VPN, proxy manager and client.
Used Bomgar, Remote Desktop, CISCO, and VPN to connect with users to assist users.
Created, maintained images with Norton ghost and deployed for new and existing employees.
Blackberry telephones configuration.
Antivirus installation and updated up to date.
Replaced, repaired, and troubleshot printers, copiers, and faxes, replaced imagers and rollers hardware related issues, tactics and solutions where adhere by the group.

APS Healthcare May 2004 – February 2007
Technician Support Specialist
Answered help desk calls using Track It: Support Solution software.
Used CITRIX, and CISCO VPN as remote connection with clients.
Provided hardware and software maintenance to laptops and desktops to more than 1500 users.
Set up meeting rooms with Audio and video and computer equipment for user video conferences.
Active Directory user accounts maintenance.
Provided costumer support to costumers from different location within the United States.
Managed Windows 10 and Mac deployment systems to more than 900 users at the center.
Troubleshot both hardware and software for Windows 10 and MAC systems.
Installed software such as Microsoft office suites, 1997, 2000, 2003, CISCO VPN, Citrix, Novell v.4, Lotus.
123, Desktop Remote access, PC Anywhere, Citrix, Norton Antivirus, and LANDesk.
Created Ghost images and deployed new Windows OS and cloned hard drives.
Created Novell, NT, CITRIX, CISCO VPN and Exchange accounts for new and users.
Established access to wireless Network, Desktop Remote access, PC Anywhere and LANDesk for laptop users.
Traveled to different locations to installed new Desktops, Laptops, Servers, Printers.
Configured servers 2003 to deploy within the corporation.
Contact this candidate