Stephen K. Smith
Years of Professional Experience: 21
Education: Gulf Coast Community College
Degree: AS Electronics Engineering Technology.
Education: Troy University
Degree: BS Major:Computer Science
Minor: Business

Certifications
IPC-A-610 Certification Criteria for Acceptance of Electronic assembly.
J-STD-001C Certification for Soldering Proficiency

Career Summary
21 years of troubleshooting and maintenance on communications, sonar, power distribution, control systems and electronics equipment including minicomputers and microprocessors systems in a networked environment.

Chronology of Professional Experience:

Thor Solutions, Panama City, FL, 2021- Present
Software Engineer
Writing Powershell and Bash scripts for network operations.
Setting requirements and writing procedures.
Testing software/reporting conclusions.
Updating Windows and RHEL operating system.
Researching and implementing new software.
Using JIRA ticketing and Confluence systems and proactively driving ticket volume and issues down.

Booz Allen Hamilton, Panama City, FL, 2018- 2021
Systems Administrator
Compiling software packages.
Assisting in preparation, deployment, and maintenance of Software systems including Windows, Microsoft Office 365, Adobe applications, security applications.
Troubleshoots problems with software, hardware, and application environments.
Setting up computer BIOS’s and individual software components to streamline systems.
Creates and maintains technical documentation.
Collecting data to identify potential problems in designs and drawings.
Software testing.

Booz Allen Hamilton, Panama City, FL, 2016- 2018
Software engineer
Programming using C++, C# and python.
Software testing.
Writing Software and version description documentation.
Completing all paperwork associated with Engineering Change forms, etc.

Booz Allen Hamilton, Panama City, FL, 2010- 2016
Lead Electronics Technician
Identifying and troubleshooting electronic and software problems.
Programming of all EEPROM chips relating to all SDV computer systems.
Collecting data to identify potential problems in designs and drawings.
Testing of all assemblies to meet quality standards.
Maintaining a high level of service balanced against compliance with all applicable standards for security
Providing input to engineering for required drawing changes discovered during the course of product testing and recommending updates to technical documentation and drawings to reflect authorized modifications.
Maintaining network services and network interconnection and interfacing, such as routers and Ethernet switches.

General Dynamics, Panama City, FL, 2010- 2010
Lead Electronics Technician
Disassembly and Reassembly of Seal Delivery Vehicles (SDVs).
Performing tests and providing test data to engineers.
Troubleshooting technical problems as they arise including the networked computer systems.
Support integration of new hardware and software into the MVCS network architecture.
Printed Circuit Board manufacturing including SMT, using wiring diagrams, drawings and schematics along with oscilloscopes, multi-meters, power supplies and microscopes in order to troubleshoot and repair electronic assemblies. Repairs to SDV required capability to distinguish between hardware and software problems in multi-vendor systems.

Aerotek/ ITT Incorporated., Panama City, FL, 2009-2010
Lead Electronics Technician
Building electronic cables, wire harnesses and Printed Wiring Boards for testing and production.
Troubleshooting of electronic assemblies and Printed Wiring Boards to component level.
Directing complex engineering tests to collect design data (including but not limited to SAT’s, DVT’s, FAT’s) or assist in general research work.
Troubleshooting to identify and resolve potential test problems that could provide inaccurate and/or un-repeatable data.

The Columbia Group, Panama City, FL, 2006- 2009
Lead Electronics Technician
Conducting fault isolation and repair of faulty components.
Performing corrosion control inspections on components and take corrective actions when necessary. Quality Assurance of electronic components and mission critical systems.
Performing corrective actions to restore operational services and ensure availability of network resources.
Writing of test procedures.
Prototyping, modifying, reconditioning, retrofitting and testing (electronic and hydrostatic) of marine systems.

L3 Communications, Panama City, FL, 2001- 2006
Senior Electronics Technician

Team Leader responsible for supervision and evaluation of personnel.
Providing guidance and work leadership less experienced technicians.
Placing bids for contracts, gathering and preparing cost data for revue, ordering parts and tooling as well as creating and maintaining databases.
Prototyping, modifying, reconditioning, retrofitting and testing (Electronic and Hydrostatic) of marine systems and subsystems including radio, video, sonar, control and power distribution systems.
Performing installation, test, preventive maintenance, troubleshooting, and repair for communications equipment, electronics equipment, large computers, minicomputers, or microprocessors, including buses for those in complex networked environment.

CLEARANCE
Secret- Active

21337 Hightower Rd.
Fountain, FL 32438
Home: 850-***-****
Work: 850-***-****
Email: ad1665@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate