David J. Borak Lusby, MD *****
ad179g@r.postjobfree.com 301-***-****
US Citizen DOD TS SSBI and Secret Clearance & Top-Secret Clearance SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Accomplished IT Systems Administrator with over 20+ years of experience in engineering, and network administration, applications, IT hardware installations/upgrades for systems network, as well as framework processes. In-depth knowledge of computer design, repair, maintenance, troubleshooting, training, and network administration. A troubleshooting expert, debugging, and problem-solving expert. Key expertise to develop, design, install, and operate hardware, networking systems, exchange server, NetWare, websites, and BBS system. Proficiency with Remediation Patching.
Core Competencies:
Networking Requirements Software Packages Framework/Hardware Software/Systems Administrator Troubleshooting Scope of Project Network Operations Telephone Systems Testing/Repairs Communications Installations Firewalls
Analysis/Computer Evaluation Schedules/Deadlines Strategic Resolution PROFESSIONAL ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND EXPERIENCE
ROLLOUT SYSTEMS LLC, California, MD Sep 2019 – Present MOBILITY ADMINISTRATOR/DESKTOP SUPPORT
Assignment with GDIT for the F35 IT program at Patuxent River Naval Base. Provide technical assistance to computer users. Answer questions or resolve computer problems for clients in person, or remotely via telephone or electronically.
Demonstrated ability to provide support to distributed PC/networking environment including installation, testing, repair, and troubleshooting for stand-alone PCs, PCs linked to networks, printers, and other computer peripherals in addition to software installations and configurations.
Effectively troubleshoot computer problems, perform hardware and software diagnostics, coordinates needed repairs, resolves computer system problems, including coordination between users and components of a local area network, and participates in the evaluation of system configuration and software.
MDM Administrator. In charge of the phones at PAX River for the F35 program, including the iPhones and Android phones. Provision Phones, fix issues with the phones, activate phones, clear passwords, issue/return phones. Administrator for UEM and Purebred. Access to Verizon Portal. Change plans in Verizon Portal. Switched from BES to Intune. Provisioning phones with Intune. Administrator Apple Business manager.
Tracks and monitors the computer problems to ensure a timely resolution.
Knowledge of help desk ticketing systems, managed services software, Windows 10, 7, Active Directory, Network Basics, VPN Basics, and Mobile Device Basics. KAYLATEK, California, MD Jul 2018 – Sep 2019
SENIOR DESKTOP SUPPORT
Contracted by Leidos for the AFNCR IT services program at the Pentagon.
Monitored and maintained NMCC Computer Systems and provided customer service to NMCC personnel for desktop support incidents and outages.
Installed, configured, tested, maintained, monitored, and troubleshoot end user workstations and related hardware and software.
Effectively assisted other technicians resolving technical issues including resolving network issues at end user locations.
Installed workstations and computer moves. First responder for AFNET. INSIGHT GLOBAL, California, MD (6-month contract) Dec 2017 – Jun 2018 SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR/DESKTOP SUPPORT
Contracted by MIL Corp for the Navy at Patuxent Naval Base, Webster Field.
Created/deleted accounts on AD servers. Created/deleted mail accounts on Exchange server. Added/deleted printers from print server.
David J. Borak Page Two
Used Nessus/SCAP Scans on new computer builds. Deployed computers to customer Locations.
General issues with customers on site and off site. Windows 10 issues, software issues, Outlook issues, printing issues, and other issues. Installed/uninstalled software. SAIC, California, MD Aug 2016 – Nov 2017
SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR/DESKTOP SUPPORT
Contracted for Department of State, IRM/FO/ITI/SI/IIB, Bureau of Information Resource Management PKI
Established and satisfied information assurance and security requirements based upon the Analysis of user, policy, regulatory, and resource demands.
Maintained PKI related installation and training documentation and served as PKI Registration authority, responsible for creating, recovering, and revoking PKI credentials.
Conducted face-to-face user validation for the issuance of PKI certificates and issued Smart Cards containing PKI Certificates to end users and system administrators. Supported DOS PKI Registration Centers to assist walk-in customer C-PKI requests *Creating and Issuing C-PKI accounts and certificates Previous
DMI–Contracted for Department of State, IRM/OPS/CSO/DSD, Desktop Support Division. Oct 2015 – Aug 2016 Kforce–Contracted for Department of State, IRM/OPS/CSO/DSD, Desktop Support Division. Apr 2015 – Oct 2015 All Native Inc.–Contracted for US Army 7th Signal Command, 93D Signal Brigade, USA Sys Jan 2014 – Apr 2015 Support, Desktop & Systems Support Branch.
CDO Technologies – Contracted for US Army 7th Signal Command, 93D Signal Brigade, Jan 2012 – Jan 2014 USA Systems Support, Desktop & Systems Support Branch. Telecommunications Inc. – Contracted for US Army 7th Signal Command, 93D Signal Brigade, Jan 2011 – Jan 2012 USA Systems Support, Desktop & Systems Support Branch. Pro-Telligent, LLC, IT Systems Administrator, Columbia, MD Jan 2010 – Jan 2011 Contracted for Department Of State, Office of the Coordinator for Reconstruction and Stabilization. L3 Aerospace Systems, IT Systems Administrator, California, MD – 2008 – 2010 Contract for Montgomery County Government 2008-2010 Future Technologies, Inc., IT Systems Administrator, King George, VA 2006 – 2008 Contract for Montgomery County Government
NCW Agency, IT Systems Administrator, Washington, DC – 2004 – 2006 Contracted for Montgomery County Government
EDUCATION/CERTIFICATIONS: Computer Science, Capital College, Beltsville, MD & Montgomery College, Rockville, MD. Workstation & Server parts of MS Certified Engineer (MSCE) Program. A+ CE Certification Certification HDI. Certified Dell Desktop/Laptop/PowerEdge/Rack servers and Foundations. Windows 7 Configuration 70-680. Security + CE. ACAS Certified, (FEDvte) – HBSS: 201, 301, 501 certifications. Established the Computer Club and served as President. TECHNICAL SKILLS: HTML, JAVA, Windows 2000/2003/XP/VISTA/7/8/10, Windows NT 4 & 5(2000), Windows Server 2000/2003, UNIX/Linux, DOS, OS2, Office 2003/2007/2010/2013, MS Outlook, Norton Utilities, Active Directory, System Center Configuration Manager, Firewalls, Ethernet, Token Ring, TCP/IP, GroupWise, BackOffice, NetWare & NT networks, Wireless networks, Routers, and servers & most types of software & hardware. Experience in the areas of information technology customer support/Helpdesk experience with a wide range of applications, Operating systems, protocol, Equipment used in automation Techniques, Requirements, Methods, and procedures to provide desktop automation support to a customer base, Experience with troubleshooting, Recovery, Adjusting, Modifying, Improving, and resolving computer hardware/software problems, ability to install and troubleshoot Blackberry CAC Sleds used for email encryption, knowledge of Operating System image and PowerShell, experience with Thin Client hardware and Symantec Configurations principles/concepts, Structured Query language (SQL), Automated Data Processing, and Virtual Desktops. Nessus Scans – ACAS certified. For new computer builds.
Excellent references available upon request
Contact this candidate