Tori Callands
*** ****** **** ● Lynchburg, VA ***01
434-***-**** ● ad193j@r.postjobfree.com

I am a results-oriented information technology professional with over 25 years of demonstrated experience in implementing, administering, and securing high availability information technology networks, systems, and services. As a Senior IT professional, I have successfully managed several large high-profile projects, written corporate policies, and provided supervision to multiple levels of information technology professionals throughout my career.

EDUCATION:
Radford University – December 1994 – B.B.A Double Major: Information Systems\Administrative Systems
Averett University – May 2000 – M.B.A

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Insight Global, Atlanta, GA – Information Security Analyst (American Express) - (December 2021 – Present)
Work within the Technology Risk and Information Security Team to Identify security gaps and vulnerabilities across the enterprise and remediate or escalate as needed.
Manage on-prem and cloud security solutions such as Data Loss Prevention (DLP), URL/Attachment Defense, Virus/SPAM Defense, Anti-Phishing Defense, Quarantine email processing, Log Analysis and Tracking.
Configure and manage O365 email and email security gateway appliances which includes configuring email rules and policy routes to direct email flow based on business and security objectives.
Maintain email authentication configuration standards using Sender Policy Framework (SPF), Domain Keys Identified Mail (DKIM) and Domain-based Message Authentication and Conformance (DMARC) records to secure 10,000+ email domains to deter email spoofing and phishing attacks.
Implement email DNS records including configuring MX, SPF, DKIM, DMARC and domain verification records for email sending and non-sending domains to comply with enterprise standards.
Assist with operational and compliance activities such as Identifying, disputing, and reporting false positives/negatives to vendors, maintain processes and procedure documentation (Run Books, Knowledge Bases) and provide data analysis of reports and logs from SIEM systems to identify root causes of incidents and to enforce security standards.
Manage the renewal, revocation, installation, and removal of SSL certificates for enforcing SSL/TLS requirements.
Deploy and manage enterprise phishing software used by employees to report potential phishing threats.
Perform phishing simulations as part of user security awareness training.
Verify all applications and third parties sending emails externally or into the enterprise comply with email channel standards and meet the required email authentication controls and requirements.
Administer enterprise web isolation application and troubleshoot client web isolation issues. This includes managing the integrated Data Loss Prevention (DLP) feature to capture and analyze potentially sensitive information in file uploads and user entered text into web pages.
Use JIRA to manage project tasks and project documentation.

Georgia Pacific, Big Island, VA – Technical Analyst - (December 2018 – November 2021)
Supervised IT contractors and IT support personnel. Provided project management and leadership for contractor projects for network infrastructure, phones, servers and desktop services. Assisted with interviewing, hiring, and training of all department new hires.
Served as project manager for various high profile corporate projects such as core network upgrades, implementation of facility video surveillance system to monitor company processes and provide additional safety and security controls, implementation of facility rail monitoring system providing additional safety controls for trucks at the facility rail crossings, implementation of the Lynx mill alarm system to alert mill safety personnel of safety hazard events throughout the facility.
Met with vendors to obtain bids and quotes for IT projects to be reviewed and approved by department leaders. Responsible for using bids to create contract requisitions and purchase orders for company projects.
Served as the local onsite subject matter expert for the paper mill’s Roll Management System (RMS) which is used as the company’s primary process application in the paper manufacturing process to include serving as the primary point of contact for complex service issues, providing project management for routine upgrades and providing problem resolution and summary to key administrators for continuous improvement.
Installed, maintained and served as the primary subject manner expert/support contact for the Milestone IP camera video surveillance system. Met with vendors, developed project plans and input contract requisitions for purchase orders to facilitate the installation of all mill process and security cameras.
Responsible for the configuration and maintenance of Cisco switches, wireless access points using Cisco wireless LAN controller and multiple wireless network bridges. Upgraded and replaced switches and other network equipment. Updated switch configurations, configured access ports, trunk ports, VLANs and performed other network troubleshooting and administration.
Assisted with FortiGate high availably firewall installation, rule configuration and firewall maintenance such as firmware upgrades. Maintained firewall rules, service objects and services to control employee access to applications and services on the mill business network and process control network using best practices from the Purdue Model for Industrial Control Systems (ICS).
Maintained VMWare VSphere computing environment which included provisioning, securing, configuring and troubleshooting of VM Host servers, storage arrays and connectivity. Provided patch management for server farm, performed server backups and restored, as needed, using backup solutions such as vCenter Server Appliance Management, VEEAM, Commvault and Backup Exec. Responsible for imaging and patching of all windows clients and servers.
Maintained company’s local SharePoint site. Served as project manager for the migration from SharePoint OnPrem to SharePoint Online which consisted of migrating the content and workflows of over 30 local sites.
Assisted with maintaining vendor ecommerce accounts and user groups for VPN access authenticated by Active Directory and NextNine/ICS Shield.
Administered the facilities NEC MA4000 phone system. Responsible for updates to maintain office digital set phone system. Coordinated with phone contractors to provide service and support for complex telephony issues.
Provided desktop and server support by addressing service requests for hardware, software and network issues for all Windows desktop and Thin Clients which connected to servers using Remote Desktop Sessions.
Responsible for asset inventory and management using LAN Sweeper as the primary asset management system for all network devices.

City of Lynchburg, Lynchburg, VA – Network Analyst - (July 2003 – November 2018)
Supported VMWare vShpere ESX host server environment and virtual servers connecting to SAN/NAS storage solutions. Installed and configured VMWare vShpere host servers. Implemented and supported SAN/NAS storage solutions with multiple RAID configurations.
Project Manager for the migration of email clients from IBM Domino email to cloud hosted Office 365 email. Also served as the primary administrator for Office 365 email system for over 1000 employees. Configured MX and SPF records. Implemented DKIM/DMARC to enhance cloud email security. Created and maintained email anti-spoofing and mail flow policies. Managed O365 Email/Azure-AD using Office 365 Exchange Admin Portal and Powershell. Enhanced Email authentication by implementing Multi-Factor Authentication(MFA)
I.T.I.L. Service Professional for the IT Department. Successfully developed and maintained the service portfolio and service catalog for IT using I.T.I.L process standards. Worked with upper-management to develop continual service improvement processes. Created and maintained Service Level Agreements (SLA’s), policies and procedures including security policies and IT guidelines to govern IT processes.
Provided configuration, maintenance and support of multiple enterprise servers including file servers, database servers, web and application servers, certificate authorities and email servers.
Provided Mobile Device Management (MDM) for Android and iOS devices accessing Office 365.
Project Manager for corporate projects such as implementing Active Directory, disaster recovery planning strategies, installing certificate authority servers for administering SSL and digital certificates for digital signatures.
Configured and maintained Cisco routers and switches which included changing out switches and routers. Updated router and switch configurations via console and telnet. Configured wireless access ports, trunk ports and VLANs. Configured access control lists for network traffic filtering.
Supervised and mentored Tier I and Tier II Information Technology support personnel. Provided leadership and mentoring to assist with the development of interpersonal skills, conflict resolution and problem solving. Served as a mentor for student volunteers and visiting mentees.
Worked with network security team members to identify and mitigate security attacks such as phishing attempts, virus outbreaks and Denial of Service (DoS) attacks. Used Solarwinds Threat Monitor to monitor syslog and agent nodes. Primary Administrator for corporate Antivirus Servers.

Framatome ANP, Lynchburg, VA – Network Engineer - (March 1996 – July 2003)
Performed implementation and administration of enterprise servers including Novell Servers and Active Directory Domain Controllers (DNS, DHCP and Group Policy management, Powershell), email, antivirus, file servers, SQL database and web application servers.
Worked with various management teams and departments to budget and procure hardware and software to maintain the corporate network and computing environment.
Provide senior level support, training and supervision for Tier I and Tier II support personnel. Provided help desk supervision for IT personnel providing first tier problem resolution.
Project Manager for corporate projects. Worked with vendors to solve complex server and network related problems.
Installed and Administered Linux servers Running BIND DNS and DHCP services.
Served as the primary Network Administrator for the Component Engineering Department.
Served as lead administrator for the maintenance and support of corporate antivirus servers.
Performed configuration and support of Cisco routers and switches.
Ran and terminated fiber optics and CAT3/5 network cables.
Provided after hours support to maintain availability, network monitoring, and performance testing of corporate servers.
Traveled with Outage Services departments to nuclear power plants to administer networks to support engineers performing steam generator service repair.

TECHNICAL SKILLS AND TRANING
Microsoft Office 365 Email and Application Support
SPF, DKIM, DMARC authentication methods
Security and Risk Management
TCP/IP Networking
Security Architecture and Engineering (Layer 2/3 Switching, Firewall, VPN, Wireless Networks)
Microsoft Active Directory (Group Policy management, DNS, DHCP, domain user and computer setup)
PowerShell
Certificate Authority Management/Digital Certificates
Project Management
VMWare vShpere Host and Virtual Machine Management
ITIL IT Service Management
Mobile Device Management (MDM)
Industrial Control Systems
Certificate Authority Server and SSL Certificate Administration
Confluence/JIRA
Contact this candidate