James Barnes
Technical Support / IT Systems Administrator
Over 25 years’ experience leading systems support for global corporations Technically sophisticated professional with solid history of successful troubleshooting for local and remote end-users to quickly identify and resolve issues. Ability to clearly document and explain complex technical solutions for broader support-team knowledge and training. Adept at quickly assessing urgent situations and prioritizing technical needs.
Project Management / End-User Training & Support / Troubleshooting & Issue Resolution Subject Matter Expert / Helpdesk Training / Policy Documentation TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
Platforms &
Networks:
Windows 7, Windows 10, VPN, Cisco Routers/Switches, WAN Support, TCP/IP, Firewalls, DHCP/DNS
Tools: Microsoft Office Suite (13/16/365), BMS Patrol, Tivoli, PeopleSoft HR Payroll, Microsoft SCCM, VMware, Active Directory, Adobe Acrobat, SMARTicket, Symantec Endpoint Projection, SharePoint, Net QOS, HP3000, Windows Active Directory, ActiveSync, Office Communications Server (OCS), Outlook WEB Access
(OWA), Power BI, ServiceNow.
Hardware: iPhone, Android, Lenovo desktop & laptop, Dell desktop & laptop, Toshiba copier and printer, HP Proliant Server
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Technical Support Specialist II (July 2021 – Present) Daughters of Charity Ministries Key Achievements:
Resolved technical issues for all levels of desktops, smart phones, printers, and peripherals.
Used ServiceNow for incident tracking, solutions submissions, and reporting.
Supporting a Windows 10 environment
Build and deploy Windows 10 images for new and existing users using Dell Image Assist
Support O365
Identified technology-based problems and their root causes and took responsibility for timely troubleshooting and repair.
Point of escalations as appropriate to ensure management awareness of problems that are severe in nature or that are exceeding documented targets. Desktop Support Technician (August 2019 – April 2021) Nidec Motor Corporation Contract employee providing daily desktop support for Nidec Motor end users. Key Achievements:
Resolved technical issues for all levels of desktops, smart phones, printers, and peripherals.
Used ServiceNow for incident tracking, solutions submissions, and reporting.
Supporting a Windows 10 environment
Build and deploy Windows 10 images for new and existing users using Dell Image Assist
Support O365
Installation of Power BI tool
Identified technology-based problems and their root causes and took responsibility for timely troubleshooting and repair.
Point of escalations as appropriate to ensure management awareness of problems that are severe in nature or that are exceeding documented targets. Technical Support Specialist (2012 – 2019) Cordell Practice Management Group Technical Scope: Citrix, Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook Web Access (OWA), and Active Directory Oversee daily technical support for over 500 end-users across 102 locations in two countries on technology issues including desktop, server, network, email, Citrix remote access, and functional legal billing services. Ensure laptop and desktop computers are properly equipped with Microsoft Office products and appropriate Exchange mailbox permissions. First point of contact for end-user permissions or requests, also preserve Active Directory data integrity through daily creation of user accounts and account termination as needed.
Key Achievements:
Successfully identify and resolve MS Exchange Server issues affecting desktop computers, Windows-based terminals, and handled devices such as Qs, Trios, iPhone, Android, etc.
Used ServiceNow for incident tracking, reporting and solutions submission.
Created images for Windows 7 & 10, directed installation and distribution of over 500 laptops across all office and remote locations.
O365 builds and deployments
Deployed and created images for iPhones using Apple DEP.
Served as point of contact for all Cisco networking equipment issues and resolution. Service Center Technician (2000 – 2011) Smurfit-Stone Container Corporation Technical Scope: Microsoft Office Suite, OWA, Active Directory, ActiveSync, PeopleSoft, VPN, and Microsoft SCCM
Led daily technology administration of over 17K remote and local end-users across 300 locations in four countries. Evaluated and solved all user issues pertaining to desktop, server, network, email, and functional payroll services with special focus on all Microsoft Office installations, upgrades, permissions, and issue resolution. Served as point of contact for ActiveSync to verify all iPhone, Android, PDA, Trios, Qs, etc. correctly synchronized data between phone and PCs to share contacts, calendars, tasks, emails, and more. Oversaw remote connectivity for end-users, utilized Microsoft SCCM to troubleshoot issues through remote control or administered patch management, software distribution, operating system deployment, network access protection, and hardware or software inventory for company. Key Achievements:
Defined and implemented Microsoft Exchange server policies to enforce storage limits and improve spam filtering.
Recognized as subject matter expert (SME) on MS Outlook and MS Exchange, created knowledge base and troubleshooting guide for all helpdesk personnel.
Delivered reliable HR support as SME for payroll software, PeopleSoft, and other HRIS functions across all locations.
Reduced number of helpdesk calls by 11% by creating and implementing automated solutions and accessible guide for common issues.
ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Desktop Support Analyst – Balance Point Corporation (St. Louis, Missouri) Application Support Analyst – Ceridian Employer Services (St. Louis, Missouri) EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Bachelor of Science in Economics
Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa
Professional Development
Graduate coursework in English Literature– Iowa State University Technical Certifications
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP), Security+ (in process), CISSP (in process)
Contact this candidate