Neal L Osborne II
***** ********* ** ********** **
804-***-**** ad19b5@r.postjobfree.com

Qualifications
Solutions-focused, team oriented Senior IT Analyst with broad-based experience and hands-on skill in the successful implementation of highly effective IT support operations and the cost-effective management of innovative customer and technical support strategies. Provide a broad understanding of computer hardware and software, including installation, configuration, management, troubleshooting, and support.

Technical Skills
Microsoft Server 2000, 2003, 2008, 2012, 2016 and 2019-MicrosoftServer. Windows XP, 7 and 2010 and 2011..
Microsoft Office XP, 2003, 2007, 2010 and 365, Symantec System Restore, Sophos Antivirus Enterprise Suite

Professional Experience
Virginia Department of Corrections
IT Systems Administrator
January 2022 – June 2023
Support software applications and hardware.
Provide the proper support to the customers’ needs.
My experience will support the customers’ needs.
Support over 1,000 end users software and hardware needs.
Working with venders / contractors to ensure proper completion of requests.
Updating knowledge database with new procedures to promote teamwork.

Virginia Correctional Enterprises
IT Systems Administrator
August 2020 – January 2022
Provided production floor support and data center management including data backups, working with 3rd party venders and budgetary concerns for 14 Isolated Network Computer assisted production lines
Using Event Incident Management located 100% on site in Richmond, Greenville, Halifax, Indian Creek, Augusta, Haynesville, Fluvanna, Nottaway, Lunenburg and Powhatten Virginia..
Support VCE Headquarters.
Working with vendors for equipment upgrades.
Building Synology servers to upgrade existing servers.
Point of contact for refreshes. Coordinated and completed over 100 refreshes. Desktop support, building, configuring and installing Domain Controller Servers, and configuring and installing new computers with the goal of having all systems the same OS and updates’
Providing phone support for all vendors.
Syteline Help Desk

Cumberland County Public Schools
Network Administrator
February 2018 – July 2020
Desktop support
Support configure and maintain data center Server 2008r2, 2012, 2016 and 2019
Support, Barracuda backup management,
Provide Cisco call manager support for VIOP phones
Imaging server to replace corrupted images.
Data Center Management including data backups, working with 3rd party venders and budgetary concerns.
Service Now Helpdesk
Share Point
APC Certified
Dell Certified

Village Coin & Jewelry Shoppe
Lead Computer Technician
08/2013 - 2018
Desktop support for software applications, hardware and Local Area Network issues for four small businesses.
Lead small team in the rollout of POS system and inventory database.
Provide detailed documentation of resolution in service requests.
Maintaining daily backups, payroll, tech support of Exchange Server, telephony and building security camera network.

Hopewell Public School System
Lead Computer Technician
11/2001 - 7/2013

Primary job function as a Lead Senior IT Analyst responsible for maintaining a WAN comprised of eleven locations, 3000 computers, over 2000 user accounts in Windows Active Directory architecture and managing a desktop support team. Daily responsibilities include install and configure end-user applications and desktop hardware, support of change and move requests, new employee and termination requests, file sharing and permissions and managing desktop services. Maintain status and resolution of service requests in database so that reoccurring trends can be addressed. Analyze, design and recommend new hardware and software technology for implementation within the domain. Develop and implement server operating system enhancements such as updates that improve reliability and performance. Secondary responsibilities include Active Directory maintenance, database administration, daily backups and provide 3rd level network support.
.
Desktop Support
Responsible for user accounts, machine accounts, security groups, and network share points.
Implement VMWare virtual servers.
Responsible for Group Policy and Security rights.
Maintain wireless 100mb connection between six locations.
Troubleshoot network, Sever systems and Architecture issues.
Provide end user support on desktop software and hardware.
Troubleshoot Security Video System errors.
Converted five hybrid Novell / WIN 95 LANs to Windows Active Directory Domain Server based network.
Completed Interconnecting Cisco Devices training.
Performed hardware and software installations and provided high-level customer care, training, and technical support.
Assembled and installed a wide array of computer systems, workstations, and peripheral hardware.

Certifications
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer MCSE
Additional Certifications:
1.Basic Gang and STG Awareness
2.Blood borne Pathogens
3.Commonly Abused Drugs
4.Evidence Based Practices
5.Fentanyl Guide
6.Legal Liabilities
7.Preventing Harassment
8.Civilian Response to Active Shooter Events
9.PREA Fraternization for Non-Institutional Staff
10.Preventing the Spread of Corona virus in the Workplace
11.COVID-19 Response: PPE / Sanitation
12.VDEM - Terrorism And Security Awareness
13.DOC -AHA Heart Saver Skills (CPR)
14.Infectious Disease Prevention

Education
Multiple credits toward Electronic Engineering Degree
J Sergeant Reynolds,
John Tyler and
VCU
MCP Microsoft Exchange Server
MCP Microsoft Migration Technology
MCP Microsoft Cyber Security
MCSE Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer
Dell Certified
Contact this candidate