Nigel Horne Leesburg, VA *****
301-***-****
ad1a3f@r.postjobfree.com

Profile
10+ years Linux administration and development experience including NASA and NIH (NCBI)
20+ years programming and scripting experience, including kernel development
Strong abilities in bridging the gap between technical and non-technical people
Strong abilities in managing relationships
QA analyst writing test strategies and procedures for white and black box testing
Primary developer of ClamAV
Review my code at https://www.github.com/nigelhorne
In the top 5 Perl/CPAN testers (http://stats.cpantesters.org/testers.html)
Technical Expertise
Linux (RHEL, CentOS, Debian, Ubuntu)
FreeBSD
Solaris (some knowledge)
CLI tools
Iptables
Docker (some knowledge)
AWS (overview)
KVM/QEMU
Perl
TCP/IP
C
Bash shell programming
C++ (basic knowledge)
SDLC
Black/white box testing
HTTP, SMTP
NFS
Puppet
Ansible
Git
Package building (RPM)
LAMP
Jira, Confluence
Security policies and implementation
MS Office
IDS and IPS

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Senior Principal System Administrator
Arctic Slope Regional Corporation 02/20 - Present
Ran the Mac OS/X Working Group
Oversaw the rollout of Splunk to over 400 Linux and OS/X machines
Championed and oversaw the rollout of Zabbix
Oversaw and managed the internal Gitlab system
Worked on site at NASA Goddard running the Mac working group ensuring the systems administrators were aware of best practices, security requirements and the needs of NASA. Ensured that the technical needs of the engineers, researchers and systems administrators were met in a timely fashion across both Linux and OS/X. Provided technical and non-technical input and leadership.
Promoted to co-ordinate the roll-out of a financial system to all of NOAA. Project lead overseeing the growth of a financial system from one division to all of NOAA, acting as the primary day-to-day contact between the customer and team leaders to co-ordinate requirements, agreements and expectations simultaneously across the teams. Managed concurrent deadlines, schedules and deliverables across the teams, and delegated tasks to the team leaders as needed. Lead risk management, process documentation and client management.
Program Manager
Covalent Solutions 01/19 – 01/20
Awarded National Institutes of Health (NIH) CIT Operational Excellence award for 2019
Created a strong relationship with Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Introduced formal reporting and tracking procedure
Facilitated upload of over 20PB of biomedical research datasets to the cloud
Worked with AWS to develop and implement to scale to 2700 organizations
Gave regular presentations to the CIO of NIH
Worked on site at the NIH on a ground-breaking cloud computing initiative called STRIDES. Instigated formal meetings, objectives and tracking for the relationship between AWS, their reseller, across the entire NIH and extramural organizations. Worked with researchers, investigators and other contacts at institutes, universities and other NIH grant awardees to ease their move into the cloud by meeting to discuss their needs, managing expectations on both sides and working with AWS and the institute to find ways to improve biomedical research by breaking down silos and making use of the latest computing techniques. Set goals, introduced short- and long-term reporting, and set the long-term strategy for this key objective for the advancement of medical research. Worked with the “on-boarding” manager for new projects, the training manager to set objectives and requirements, the Google Cloud business manager to ensure best practice and the technical team to ensure that the needs of the scientific community were met. Used AWS Cost Explorer to monitor costs and usage, and to provide reports to the project lead and the CIO.
Senior Systems Administrator
IS Mavens 10/12 – 01/19
Responsible for over 2,000 bare metal and virtual machines
Responsible for the stability of servers with over 3,000,000 visitors world-wide a day
Project managed upgrade of software including CentOS version updates in a timely fashion
Oversaw recruitment of new team members
Created process to remove dormant accounts that had been inactive for years
Created a disaster prevention procedure.
Team lead for the computing cluster for the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI - part of NIH) responsible for allocating people resources. Lead for the move toward cloud computing and for liaison with internal customers: developers, testers and DevOps. Planned system upgrades and software installation with some hands-on work at both applications and systems levels which included software and scripting for automated tasks (in Bash and Perl), systems packaging with YUM, troubleshooting, and software deployment with Puppet. Configured standard Linux features such as iptables, NFS servers and clients, and SSH credentials and certificates. Managed the virtual machines running under KVM. Deployed improvements recommended by the pen-testers. Devised, championed and implemented an improved security policy with a regular rebooting cycle and SELinux. Used the JIRA API to create management reports in Perl for myself and others to track orphaned and outstanding tickets. Used Splunk and Nagios to monitor systems and to create alerts.

EDUCATION

Westfield College, University of London, England
B.Sc. Computer Science
Open University, England
Postgraduate diploma in Computing in Commerce and Industry
B.A. Physics/Music
Currently studying for a B. A. in Modern Languages
University of Leeds, England
M.Phil. Free Composition
University of Sheffield, England
B.A. Band Studies
Salford University, England
Licentiate Diploma in Brass Band Adjudication
Other
Attended the AWS Technical Essentials course
Contact this candidate