Professional Summary:

Linux System Administrator & IT Risk with over 7 years of experience in a multiplatform environment with hands-on experience in the administration and management of Windows OS, RedHat Linux 7, 8 and 9 OS.
Adaptable, collaborative, strong team player, detail oriented, ability to multitask, Excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to work within strict date lines. Project Leader experience.
Solid background in systems and software installation, user and group administration on various platforms.

Professional Experience:
Navient Corporation, 2020 – 2023 Linux Systems Administrator II & IT Risk.

Perform Vulnerability Scanning, Analysis and Management using tools like Tenable Nessus and ServiceNow.
Perform risk assessment base on factors such as vulnerability severity, potential impact and the likely hood of exploitation.
Prioritize Vulnerability for remediation focusing on addressing high-priority vulnerabilities first and also paying attention to the urgency not to disrupt business operations.
Project lead on patch management applying patches and updates to vulnerable systems using tools like RedHat Satellite 6.11, Ansible Playbooks and AAP for automation.
Monitors patch management efforts to ensure timely remediation of CVEs.
Experience with troubleshooting and resolving patch and server failures and escalating when needed during patching.
Perform STIGs remediation for DISA STIGs compliance using tools like ConfigOS for windows, Ansible Playbooks, Ansible Adhoc commands and AAP platform for Linux.
Experience with Teams, Outlook, OneNote, SharePoint, Excel, SIEMS tools and serviceNow for Change Management and ticketing.
Perform Linux System Hardening, Kernel tuning to optimize memory performance and reduce Kernel Vulnerability as part of DISA STIGs compliance.
Solid understanding of Incident and Change Management process.
Perform various application supports.
Interface with end users to understand their Security needs and assist with implementing procedures to enhance Security.

Trinitech Consulting INC. 2014 – 2019 UNIX/Linux Systems Administrator

Management and rapid deployment of RHEL 6,7,8, 9 / Centos 6,7,8 servers using Kickstart. Booting PXE from RHEL Satellite Network and Centos Spacewalk for unattended Linux Server deployment for both virtual machine and bear metal installations.
Red Hat satellite 6.7,11 for System provisioning, security updates and patch management on standalone and production servers.
Perform Linux System Hardening, Kernel tuning to optimize memory performance and reduce Kernel Vulnerability, Vulnerability management using Nessus and Lynis for scanning compliance testing and Splunk for system log Management.
Build and configure Linux clusters for High Storage and High Availability using VERITAS INFOSCALE Enterprise on VMware Virtualization Platforms.
NIC Management, Configure NIC Bonding to achieve high availability, redundancy and system resilient.
Configure and manage Virtual Machines on Esxi 6.0 host systems staged on VMware Vcenter Platforms using SAN OPENFILER as a centralized Data BASE for HA.
Configure Ansible Tower for automation, Jenkins for orchestration integrated with plugins to push and pull codes from GITHUB and setting up CICD pipelines for continuous deployment on ec2 and other platforms.
Setup, configure and troubleshoot TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, SUBNET, NFS, CIFS, and Samba servers in a multiplatform architectures.
Shell scripting (bash) to schedule and automate processes including full, incremental backups and disaster recovery using Tar, Cpio and third party applications.
Deploy WordPress with Amazone RDS for HA and Performance introducing CloudFront, S3 Buckets and VPC for networking and security.
Configure EBS on EC2 instances to create LVM Volumes and file Systems.
Configure AD on a Windows 2008 server, install and configure a Samba server on CentOS systems and mapping to the windows 2008 server.
Installing and maintaining the operating system and related software products.
Configure file and print sharing on Windows NOS to enable resource sharing and mapping network drives from Local Windows NOS to Windows Server 2019 ec2 Shares.
Configure hybrid OS environments using RDP.
Education:
University of Dschang, Cameroon 1999-2004, Studied COMPUTER SCIENCE
Certifications:
CompTIA Security+ ce
Technical Skills:
Participate in weekly rotating on-call responsibilities, 24/7 coverage.
Act as escalating point in resolving a root-cause analysis on recurring issues.
Review and monitor system performance logs to prevent downtime.
References available upon request
Contact this candidate