Haidy Mikhail
Mississauga, ON L*M *N* n Cell Phone: 647-***-**** n Email: ad1hqm@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn URL: https://www.linkedin.com/in/haidy-mikhail-64264361/

Proven Success in Systems Optimization and Strategic IT Solutions

Proven ability to create and deliver solutions tied to business growth, organizational development and systems/network optimization. Skilled problem identifier and troubleshooter comfortable managing systems, projects and teams in a range of IT environments.

Multi-certified (MCSE, MCSA, MOS) systems administrator with strong experience managing server infrastructures and data-center operations across Windows, Unix, and Linux platforms. Effectively plan, install, configure and optimize IT infrastructures to achieve high availability and performance.

IT SKILLS

Active Directory Management
User Account Control
Files and Print Services
Technical Support
Systems Installation, Configuration & Upgrading
Training & Mentoring
Team supervisor

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (1)

iTechSkills Academy - Mississauga, ON n 09/2015 to 08/2019
Business Owner and Entrepreneur (2019 till present)

"As a seasoned business owner and accomplished entrepreneur … I have exceled in managing and founding a technology services center specializing in computer training … computer testing … and technology retail services … In this multifaceted role … I've demonstrated my ability to …

Strategic Planning: To define my center's long-term goals, mission, and vision.
Business Development: Identifying potential clients, partners, and opportunities.
Facility Management: Overseeing the physical infrastructure of the technology services center to ensure that the training facilities are well-equipped, the testing centers are secure and compliant, and the technology retail store is organized and appealing.
Partnership Management: Building and maintaining relationships with various training and test providers and overseeing the implementation of their courses and exams.
Technical Support: Troubleshooting technical issues.
Team Management: Building and leading a staff team, including instructors, support personnel, and retail sales associates.
Customer Service: Ensuring a high level of customer satisfaction across all service areas.
Continuous Improvement: Continuously seeking ways to improve and innovate your services to stay competitive and relevant in the rapidly evolving technology landscape.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (2)

Philopateer Christian College - Mississauga, ON n 09/2015 to 08/2019
IT Support (2015 to 2019)

Hired as a full-time IT System Administrative Assistant following initial role to install and maintain more than 200 mixed workstations (Windows 7 & 10) + managing and maintaining server environment (Windows/ Linux), Evaluate, monitor and enhance Network environment with an emphasis on supporting, troubleshooting, updating and maintaining system stability.
Key Contributions:
Supervising team of 4 members between employees and volunteers in several locations.
Building, Monitoring and Maintaining the firewall server (PFSense).
Created extensive maintenance regimen and Standard Operating Procedures for IT system.
Facilitated regular system education seminars for employees from entry-level to C-suite
Administrating and managing the school network (Windows Server 2012r2 / Active Directory / printer manager / Roaming Profiles … etc.)
Taking decisions for buying all of the equipment and software for the school.
Managing Cisco switches, Meraki WAP, Windows servers and more than 200 workstations.
Installing and configuring workstation and network.
Helped my IT team and colleagues in migrating our exchange server with Microsoft Office 365 for Education.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (3)

MASTER MEDIA - Cairo, Egypt n 2007 to 2013
System Administrator / Technology Team Lead

Hired as a full-time systems administrator following initial consulting role to manage and maintain a Windows server environment, ensuring 99.9% or better uptime. Evaluate, monitor and enhance IT infrastructure with an emphasis on availability, reliability, scalability, security, data confidentiality and system integrity.
Key Contributions:

Managing Books productions projects.
Communicating with the print-shops, to deliver them the blue print to be ready for the final print.
Trained new employees.
Administrating and managing the file system and the backup.
Installing and configuring workstations.
Fixing and troubleshooting computers and other devices problems.
Installing and configuring the server, and managing the network.

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS

MCSA – Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate: Windows Server 2008
Microsoft Certification, MicroSkills, Canada
MOS – Microsoft Office Specialist 2013
Microsoft Online Certification, Egypt
MCSE - Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer: Windows Server 2003
Microsoft Online Certification, Egypt
Accountant Bachelor Degree

COURSES

Computer Security and Digital Forensics Ryerson University (In Progress)
How to use Microsoft Office 365 in Education Microsoft

AWARDS & ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Leader, Haggai Institute, Singapore, 2001
Leadership trainer, Educational Technology in Schools Project, Egypt, 2004
Master Teacher, Educational Technology in Schools Project, Egypt, 2004

VOLUNTEER

MicroSkills January 2014
Setting up a computer lap,
disassemble old computers (21 Computer) and reassemble the new ones

REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
Contact this candidate