Mark Asamoah
**** ***** **** ****
#*M Bronx NY *0459
ad1nuk@r.postjobfree.com
718-***-****
IRS Public Trust Clearance YES
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Accomplished Red Hat Certified Systems Administrator with 15 years of experience in several Linux distributions including Red Hat, CentOS, and Ubuntu, Zlinux. Strong grasp of computer operating systems, security, and applications. Willingness and ability to learn new technologies, applications, and concepts. Experienced working in a team environment and self-motivated professional with the versatility to work in diverse environments and handle complex problems effectively
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Human Touch LLC McLean, VA: Contracting Supporting Internal Revenue Services (IRS) October 2020 – July 2023 Provided Red Hat Linux administration tasks including design, configuration and maintenance. Update Account Management by setting up user profiles, creating user and group accounts, managing access control list. Control system shutdown and reboot. Installed, created and update Linux Virtual Machines and Migrated servers. Managing Linux Servers (Red Hat) through multiple data centers, Scheduling CRON jobs and running scripts for regular maintenance and updates. Develop contingency Plans (review and evaluate security incident response policies). Implement security requirements, resulting from new Public Law. Integrate security programs across business units and organizations. Provide authoritative advice to other specialist in disaster recovery, develop and implement wide guidelines. Assist with cybersecurity, operating systems compliance application programs. Develop Information Technology Security Policy and Guidance. Provide Enterprise Security Controls. Ensure the security policies are developed in accordance with the Federal Information. Security Management Act (FISMA). Develop long-range plans for IT security systems that anticipate, identify, mitigate and minimize risks associated with systems vulnerabilities. Supports new and existing applications software products. Developing software solutions to meet customer needs. Creating and implementing the source code of new applications. Testing source code and debugging code. Evaluating existing applications and performing updates and modifications. Developing technical handbooks to represent the design and code of new applications. Knowledge of client approaches and techniques. Ability to analyze alternative approaches. Implementation of methods and concepts to improve software products. Ability to modify, test, install and develop application software
Apex Systems Incorporated Falls Church, VA: Contracting Supporting Internal Revenue Services (IRS) November 2018 – March 2020. Provided Red Hat Linux administration tasks including design, configuration and maintenance. Update Account Management by setting up user profiles, creating user and group accounts, managing access control list. Control system shutdown and reboot. Installed, created and update Linux Virtual Machines and Migrated servers. Managing Linux Servers (Red Hat) through multiple data centers, Scheduling CRON jobs and running scripts for regular maintenance and updates. Develop contingency Plans (review and evaluate security incident response policies). Implement security requirements, resulting from new Public Law. Integrate security programs across business units and organizations. Provide authoritative advice to other specialist in disaster recovery, develop and implement wide guidelines. Assist with cybersecurity, operating systems compliance application programs. Develop Information Technology Security Policy and Guidance. Provide Enterprise Security Controls. Ensure the security policies are developed in accordance with the Federal Information. Security Management Act (FISMA). Develop long-range plans for IT security systems that anticipate, identify, mitigate and minimize risks associated with systems vulnerabilities. Supports new and existing applications software products. Developing software solutions to meet customer needs. Creating and implementing the source code of new applications. Testing source code and debugging code. Evaluating existing applications and performing updates and modifications. Developing technical handbooks to represent the design and code of new applications. Knowledge of client approaches and techniques. Ability to analyze alternative approaches. Implementation of methods and concepts to improve software products. Ability to modify, test, install and develop application software
B&C Tech Consult Inc., Hanover, MD Linux Systems Administrator remote, August 2014 – November 2018 Installing, configuring, patching, monitoring, and troubleshooting of Linux Servers. Managing Linux servers (Red Hat) through multiple data centers. Upgrading and configuring Red Hat Linux 6 and 7 servers using Interactive Installation and Kickstart. Installing, updating, and downloading packages using RPM and YUM tools. Managing Remote Access utilities and providing user access control on services including FTP and SSH Monitoring performance of servers using system tools. Configuring and installing NFS, DNS, FTP, remote access, and security management. Creating Linux Virtual Machines using VMWare 5.5/6.0/6.5. Configuring and maintaining permissions and ACLs (Access Control Lists) for all users. Modifying and utilizing LVM (Logical Volume Manager) to resize the logical volumes. Creating and configuring file systems and transferring files to folders. Creating, modifying and deleting users, groups, and assigning permissions to users and groups. Installing and configuring Apache Web Server in RHEL 6.0 & 7.0. Performing hardware maintenance, replacement of server, upgrade of OS and Kernels. Managing patches configurations, version control, service pack and investigating connectivity issues. Scheduling CRON job and running scripts for regular maintenance and updates
DMS International, Silver Spring, MD Linux Systems Administrator, August 2012 - August 2014. Provided Red Hat Linux administration including design, configuration, and maintenance. Updated kernel and Red Hat versions for users. Supported virtualization processes using VMWare Installed, created, and updated Linux Virtual Machines and migrated servers. Created tickets and provided 24/7 technical support to production and development environments. Implemented security hardening on servers with Iptables and Selinux. Installed and configured LVM and created partitions. Created and maintained user and group profiles, accounts, security, rights, and disk space. Provided package management administration using RPM and YUM Worked with open source packages and used SSH to provide troubleshooting. Configured remote access utilities and provided user access control on services. Experienced troubleshooting and analysis of system logging and network logging
Technical Resources International, Bethesda, MD Zlinux/Linux System Administrator, June 2008 - July2012 Provided Red Hat Linux administration tasks including design, configuration, maintenance, and patching Monitoring zLinux Enterprise (Red Hat) servers for performance and troubleshooting issues. Security patching zLinux servers. Mount a z/VM CMS file system Work with z/VM spool file queues. Configured z systems devices. Implemented Linux Utilities to copy, move, and remove files and directories. Created and modified directories and files and searching contents of files. Updated Account Management by setting up user profiles, creating user and group accounts, managing Access Control List. Used fdasd to manage partitions on linux. Performed storage management updates to create, partition, and mounting files systems
Send cp commands to the z/VM hypervisor. Setup job scheduling and CRON jobs and running scripts. Modify crypt configuration. Control system shutdown and reboot actions. Set and get SCSI logging level, List and configure network devices. Set memory online and offline
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Operating systems – Linux RHEL 5/6/7, Ubuntu, Zlinux
Server administration Maintained and repair
Systems and network administration
EDUCATION
Chartered Institute Of Marketing
Business Administration and Marketing, B.Sc
Accra, Ghana
1993 - 1997
Contact this candidate