Richard Simpson
*** * **** **** ****, Bastrop Tx. 78602
806-***-****
ad1oy7@r.postjobfree.com

Computer Systems Administrator

Profile
●Combined 20 years’ successful experience in computer service and support with recognized strengths in avoiding
computer and server issues.
●Possess advanced computer and server skills.
●Excellent working knowledge using both IBM and Mac systems, Microsoft Excel, WordPerfect, Microsoft Word,
Quick Books, DOS.
●Proficiency working with all Microsoft Office programs.
●Experience in creating and maintaining business and personal computer networks, as well as building and repairing
computer systems
●Managing user in Microsoft Active Directory and how to use group policy.
●Exchange management and configuration.
●Ability to train, motivates, and supervises customer service employees.
●Proficiency in installation, setup and maintenance of technology networking systems and products, for hardware,
software and have experience working with most protocols including SMTP, Visual Basic, .Net, HTML, JavaScript
and SQL.

Synopsis of Achievements
●“Top Performer” for 6 consecutive months on team of 20.
●A team player, multiple “Platinum Level Customer Service” and “Employee of the Month” recognitions.
●Created and upgraded accounts totaling over $50,000 in company revenue within a 6 month period.
●Recognized for expanding company clientele for a small business computer repair and internet company.

Employment

Univista

IT Support Specialist
●Answer phones and create tickets based on the calls
●Worked the ticket queue based on First in First out/Business stopping emergencies.
●Worked with multiple customers remotely and onsite
●Set up new computers and servers for clients ranging from Schools to Business and City Governments, including Police Departments.
●Coordinated with Vendors to work with different hardware and software for all types of clients.
●Troubleshoot networks consisting of Firewalls, Switches, and Access Points(Unifi/Meraki/Netgear)
●Troubleshoot Financial and government software(quickbooks/Incode)
●Installed multiple different types of software on workstations and Servers

Bastrop Independent School District

Senior Network Technician/Senior Security and Communications Administrator
●Install, maintain and configure network equipment for the entire District (Cisco/Dell)
●Install and configure Cisco Voiceover IP phones and voicemail through Cisco Call Manager/Unity
●Completely replace the Cisco Wireless system with Aerohive system and configure/maintain the system.
●Install, maintain, configure and train video surveillance systems for over 17 sites.
●Pull videos for review by school officials and Police.
●Configure and maintain Body cam and in car camera footage for District Police Department.
●Maintained confidential information from video systems for possible legal action.
●Maintain a burglar alarm system for each school from alarm codes, repairs, and schedules.
●Install, configure, and maintain the Access Control/badge systems for the entire district.
●Maintaining the communications for the Fire Alarm system for the district
●Program and deploy iPhones for District Police Department

Kaemark Salon Furnishing
Director of Technology
●Installed and maintained workstations and Servers
●Provided support services for all staff for any computer related need from hardware to software(Microsoft Office, Navision, Adobe Acrobat, Product Design, etc)
●Upgraded and supported the Microsoft Navision system for sales orders, purchasing. inventory, and invoicing.
●Ran the Paycom payroll system for the entire company
●Implemented new Voice over IP phone system
●Programmed the HTML system for production from sales orders to parts needed to building and shipping of products.
●Participated in sales meetings in order to increase productivity and efficiency.

First United Bank of Lubbock

February 2022 - Present

September 2016 - February 2022

June 2014 - September 2016

June 2010 - June 2014
Business Analyst and Sr. Systems Administrator
●Maintaining and supervising all document imaging systems.
●Diagnose and repair all computer work stations and servers for all 15 branches and holding company of First United Banks across the South Plains region.
●Remotely configure and maintain all computer and network systems using Kaseya automation services.
●Upgrade and Maintain all servers in the Datacenter with multiple different banking systems.
●Plan, build and migrate servers to a virtual environment. Including Disaster Recovery Site.
●Answer any employee questions, emails, or concerns regarding computer or technology related issues.
●Replace and repair any damaged or non-working hardware and/or software.
●Operate and Maintain Video Conferencing equipment for 15 locations.
●Configure Cisco VOIP phones, servers, communicator, and voicemail.
●Configure and Maintain Commvault File, SQL, and Exchange backup and recovery.
●Create and Maintain documentation for IT audits and Business Continuity plans.
●Travel out of town to solve any company issues regarding IT or computer problems.

Wells Fargo Bank

August 2008- August 2009
Customer Service Representative
●Answered inbound customer service calls from western half of nation, helping customers with wide range of account issues and questions.
●Support sales reps in opening new accounts and upgrading existing service.
●Quickly and effectively solve customer challenges.
●Constantly look to progress customer/company relations through new and useful services while implementing new ways to improve customer service and sales.
●Work effectively towards meeting set sales and service goals on a team of 20 employees.

PICS.net Computer Repair and Internet
1999-2006

Computer Repair/Internet Technician
●Worked with a small group of individuals to design, build, and maintain computers and computer networks, along with internet services provided to small businesses and private customers.
●Managed company single-handedly on an on-call basis.
●Provided over-the-phone customer service after hours.
●Worked with records and bookkeeping to update, maintain, and insure billing of customer accounts.
●Increased company profit providing customers with proper solutions that benefited both customer and company.

Education
Lamesa High School- Graduated with Diploma
1999-2002

South Plains College- Associates in General Studies Degree in Progress

2002-2004

References can be supplied during interview.
Contact this candidate