Jeremy Coleman
IT Consultant
ad1twp@r.postjobfree.com
Skills:
● 18 years of excellent customer service.
● Excellent communication skills.
● Extremely productive in high stress environments.
● Proficient in Microsoft Office
● Attention to detail.
● Expert at problem-solving.
● Expert at appling IT innovation.
Employment History:
Adventure IT Solutions 11/2022-Presently
Founder
● IT Strategic planning to support Business Innovation
● One Man MSP
● SEO/SMM
● Web Design\WordPress
● Google Analytics
● Graphic Design\3DAnimation
Telescan 6/2019-11/2022
Systems Administrator
● Managed & Maintained IT infrastructure (On-site & Remote VMs ) With the Aim of Best Practice
● Provided IT(Network, Software & Hardware) Support for Internal and remote Clients
● Implemented Disaster Recovery Solutions to reach HIPAA Compliance Goals
● Email migration from Exchange to O365
● Migrated MS CRM database to Hubspot then integration with slack and homebrew applications
● Camera system installation
● Server Room A/C installation
● Configured Cisco switches
● Configured FortiClient Firewalls
● Research & Development of IT projects
● Wiki page creation for each client IT specifications
● Managed Polycom phone systems
● Managed Remote access control
● Setup HIPAA Compliant Remote Access control
● Patch management for all devices connected with infrastructure
● Voip Call troubleshooting (RTP,TCP,UDP packet diagnostics)
● Collaborated with other teams from clients ISP, on-site Tech support, and any needed 3rd Parties in order to Discover & Resolve root-cause issues impacting normal operation.
● Performed Infrastructure surveying and HIPAA security audits
● Server Administrator for 200*-****-**** 2016 2019 JB Technologies 5/2018-6/2019
Systems Administrator
● Managed the technology infrastructure of many Small to medium size businesses
● Disaster Recovery Solutions
● Low voltage wiring troubleshooter
● Camera system installation with remote access support
● Configured Cisco switches
● pfSense firewalls
● Setup and troubleshoot Networks
● Managed Cisco phone systems
● Star2star phone system
● Ringcentral admin
● Perform Network surveying and security audits presented plan for improvements
● Setup server 2008 2012 r2 2016 for clients
Hazelwood School District 11/2017-4/2018
Information Technology Specialist
● Managed and maintained the technology of 7 Schools
● Reimaged and physically repaired student and faculty devices
● Dell EMC Certification - Order parts
● Repaired Chromebooks for all of my assigned schools
● Used a in house Ticketing system.
● Wrote a powershell script to automate adding users to the correct OU in AD in Server 2012.
● Used Ghost and an FOG server for imaging PCs and laptops
● Setup Remote Workstation Access- Teradici PCoIP
● Expert at Virus cleaning Win XP,7,8,10 Chromebooks Android Tablets Fantastechs 08/2016-11/2017
Information Technology Specialist
● Ringcentral Administration
● Managed and maintained the technology of 3 Schools occasionally helped out other schools
● Reimaged and physically repaired student and faculty devices
● Google Classroom, SiSk12 knowledge, Google Admin, Map STAR and ALEKS testing application, Managed services request through ticketing system
● Troubleshooting Network issues on PC’s Mac’s Laptops, iPad and Android devices
● WiFi access point, Troubleshooting setup & provisioning VOIP phones
● Active directory created new users renamed and reset user passwords
● Troubleshooting Xirrus and Cisco APs back to Cisco switches
● Added Access points to the correct VLAN on Cisco managed switches
● Reprogramed Ringcentral Cisco VOIP phones
● Setup Ringcentral User and phone accounts.
● Used a FOG server for imaging PCs and laptops Win 7, 10
● Ran Cat5 cable to Access points and PCs in different classrooms.
● Installed setup and repaired Software/Hardware on Promethean Boards projectors and touchscreens.
● Used Google admin to managed user accounts
GoInet.inc 09/2014-04/2016
Helpdesk Support Technician
● Provided Software/Hardware support on-site and remotely.
● Prepared, maintained, updated and repaired New/Used and refurbished systems for clients.
● Setup VPNs RDPs added new users and computers to domains.
● Monitored internal communication ticketing and time/project management system.
● Reset Cisco switches to factory defaults.
● Setup Office 365 on PCs Win XP,7,8,10 iPhones, Androids, Surface Pros, iPads and Mac’s
● Setup CCTV cameras access on iPhone Android and PC’s
● Activated/Deactivated FOB accounts and keys
● Setup Elevator media server with live stock ticker.
● Rewired Patch panel.
● Troubleshooting Quickbooks and Sage Tax issues
● Wrote Batch script that inventories PCs specs and Software licenses
● Migrated Users E-Mailboxes from older Microsoft Exchange server to Office 365
● Came up with Unique solutions to vendor specific problems.
● Used Teamviewer VNC or RDP to remote assist clients
● Deskpro Ticketing system
● Mapped network shares printers, and copiers for clients
● Used Harvest to log time and completed tasks
● Troubleshooting Ricoh copier Network Hardware Software and onboard computer issues
● Setup digital Fax
Education:
Florissant Valley Community College Saint Louis, MO.
Contact this candidate