Dubov Andrey

**** ********** **.
Wheaton, IL, 60189
Cell (331-***-**-**
ad1yz8@r.postjobfree.com

Summary:

Experienced IT professional with expertise in server and desktop support, networking, VoIP, surveillance systems, SQL support, seeking a challenging position to utilize my technical skills and knowledge in troubleshooting and resolving complex issues. Quick learner who enjoys challenging tasks.
Work authorization – Green card.

Technical Summary:

●Operating Systems: Windows Server 2019/2016/2012/2008/2003/2000 and Windows Desktop 11/10/7/Vista/XP. Linux servers and desktop: CentOS, Ubuntu, Debian.
●Server Management: Domain Controller, Active Directory, Group Policy, DNS, DHCP, DFS, Remote desktop.
●Linux Servers: Apache, PHP, SMB, SSH, AsteriskVoIP, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Zabbix.
●Networking: LAN/WAN, TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, VPN, VLAN, Firewalls, Routing and Switching. The latest equipment I worked with - Mikrotik.
●Hardware: servers, desktops, laptops, printers, scanners, and peripherals.
●Software: antivirus applications, backup and disaster recovery solutions, remote access tools, monitoring software.
●Virtualization: Proxmox VE, Hyper-V.

Professional Experience:

Systems Administrator/Senior systems administrator/Head of IT department
Stal Ltd.
Moscow, Russia. 2006-2023

Head of IT department
Stal Ltd., Moscow, Russia
October 2016 - September 2023
●Supervised junior systems administrator and two code writers. Also continued performing duties of Senior Systems Administrator.
●Managed multiple projects such as implementing CRM in a wholesale department, e-mail and VoIP integration.
●Maintained all IT budgeting costs/expenses.
●Upgraded/Migrated hardware and software for all main servers DC, BDC and two database servers from Windows server 2012 to Windows server 2016.The database servers were updated from MSSQL 2008 and MSSQL 2016.
●Upgraded all laptops and PCs with the latest Windows 10 operating system.
●Starting from 2016, Stal Ltd. acquired six competitors. My department was tasked with integrating new servers, telephone services, user hardware, sites and databases into company infrastructure.
●Migrated all users from Gmail for business to Yandex for business (Russian based provider).

Senior systems administrator
Stal Ltd., Moscow, Russia
April 2009 – September 2016
●Managed all server and desktop support.
●Responsible for budgeting and ordering hardware and software.
●Migrated Active directory from Windows server 2000 to Windows server 2008.
●Implemented and administered a new centralized antivirus system (DrWeb) on Ubuntu server.
●Supervised one employee that was responsible for end user support.
●Switched to IP based surveillance/access control system.
●Migrated all users from the internal email server (MDaemon) to Gmail for business.

Help Desk - Junior Systems Administrator
Stal Ltd., Moscow, Russia
November 2006 – March 2009
●Responsible for updating and maintenance of all hardware in a company: Servers, PC's, laptops, MFP, phones, switches, routers.
●Daily support of 120+ users.
●Administer servers Windows 2000, Windows 2003 and Linux. AD, DFS, network resources, gateway/firewall, DB maintenance, E-Mail server (MDaemon Email Server), video surveillance and access control.
●Replaced FreeBSD gateway with Windows ISA 2006 server.
●Migrated email services to Google Apps from an internal server.
●Assist with a switch from Panasonic PBX to a VoIP solution based on Asterisk. Continued providing administration and support of PBX server and end users.

Database support and maintenance (remote)
MirAxioma Ltd., Moscow, Russia
October 2017– November 2021
●Administered two SQL servers, MSSQL and PostgreSQL. With a total of 170 production and test databases.
●Migrated MSSQL server twice to new location.
●Responsible for MSSQL and PostgreSQL capacity planning, installation, configuration, performance monitoring, troubleshooting, maintenance and server migration.
●Proficient in SQL Server Replication, Backup, Disaster recovery and planning.
●Tracked server activity and performance.
●Automated processes by configuring maintenance plans and error reporting using Alerts and SQL Mail Agent.

Education:
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Major: Information Systems
University of Montana, Missoula, 2003.
Contact this candidate