Freeman Xu
North Potomac, MD, ***** ad2323@r.postjobfree.com 301-***-****
Relevant work experience
Years of enterprise soft/hardware support experiences in Windows/MacOS, Android/iOS, Microsoft Azure/ AWS/ O365/
Microsoft Exchange, Windows Server 2008/2012/2016, Windows 7/10/ SharePoint, Direct Access/ VPN/ SonicWall/ Fortinet, Adobe Suite.
Skilled in Active Directory ADM ADAXES/DNS/InTune MDM/Mobile Iron/ NetSight/ NAC/ ACL/ Druva/ Veeam, ServiceNow,
ConnectWise, SCCM.
Solid PC and desktop application skills for Windows OS, MAC OS X, Android and iOS mobile devices.
High level experience as a Systems Administrator with Active Directory, MS exchange, SaaS applications (Examples: O365, AWS, Azure,
InTune, etc.), single sign on applications and in an Azure environment.
Good knowledge of Remote Desktop Services via VDI, MS and Mac Terminal Server, VNC (Kaseya, Bomgar, Windows
Remote Desktop, etc.), resources networking and sharing technology.
Experience with relational databases concepts, both basic administration and SQL scripting
Good understanding of TCP/IP, Ethernet and Windows networking, CISCO routers, switches, http/s & VPN, etc.

Profile:
Years of enterprise soft/hardware support experiences in Windows/MacOS, Android/iOS, Microsoft Azure/ AWS/ O365/ Exchange/ SharePoint, Direct Access/ VPN/ SonicWall/ Fortinet, Adobe Suite, skilled in Active Directory ADM ADAXES/DNS/InTune MDM/Mobile Iron/ NetSight/Cisco Identity Services Engine(ISE)/ extreme NAC/ ACL/ Druva/ Veeam, ServiceNow, ConnectWise, SCCM/ RMM/ Itarian/ MDT/ LanRev/ BigFix/ RapidFire/ JSS/ JAMF/ SysPrep/ Ghost/ VDI/ VMWare/ Docker/ NAS,VB/ PowerShell/ WMI/ CLI/ DOS,TPM,BitLocker/MBAM (Microsoft BitLocker Administration and Monitoring)/ FileVault/ Entrust/ DuoSecurity, Jabber/ Skype/MS Team/ WebEx,Fusion/Megapath/CUCM/MyTel, Symantec, Webroot, Eset/ COMODO/ Sophos/ McAfee/ Cylance/ Tanium,F2F,On-site/ Remote Desktop Services via LabTech/ Kaseya/ Bomgar/ GoToAssist/ Teamviewer for various clients at different environments/markets /technical levels
Certificates: CompTIA A+, CCNA, Certified Teacher OCT Canada, EPt ECO Canada, Candidate for the Certified Translator, ATIO Canada, AZ-900 Azure Fundamentals, SC-900 Microsoft Azure Security Fundamentals course completion, A+/CCNA, Migrating to AWS certificate of completion and AWS Cloud Practitioner Essentials course completion.

Highlights of Qualifications:
Windows server/desktop solutions/networking/WAN/LAN/Communications, TCP/IP Networking, Backup software (Veeam preferred), Firewalls (SonicWALL) & VPNs (SSL VPN), Wireless access points (EnGenius), Network Attached Storage (NAS), Microsoft Remote Desktop Services (Terminal Services), Microsoft Windows 10 installation and configuration, Microsoft Office 365 (Hosted Office applications and hosted Microsoft Exchange), Microsoft Office 2013 / 2016 / 2019, AntiSpam software, Centrally Managed Antivirus Technologies (e.g. Webroot), Hosted Storage Solutions ( e.g.: Box / Drobox / Share File / One Drive & other cloud based storage solutions), Ticketing/Monitoring/Agent systems (ServiceNow, ConnectWise Manage / Automate).
Get continuously and consistently awarded certificates for the fastest responses to fix clients’ issues with the highest satisfactory rate by the large client base survey for completing the highest number of tickets among the whole support team within SLA.
Power user skills and administrative skills on Windows and Mac computers, Android and iOS mobile devices and keen on learning more about software systems.
Troubleshoot hardware and software issues on Windows and Mac OS, smartphone and other hand-held devices and knowledge of wireless and wired networks (CCNA certificate and CompTIA A+ certificate), including computer peripherals like printers, routers, scanners, and other mobile devices
High level experience as a Systems Administrator with Active Directory, SaaS applications (Examples: O365, AWS, Azure, InTune, etc.), single sign on applications and in an Azure environment
On-prem networking experience and ability (configuring switches, troubleshooting switches)
Client PC and Mac machine connectivity - Ethernet, TCP/IP/DNS and VPN and file server knowledge, etc.
More than 10 years of experience in software development life cycle with VB programming and SQL
Highly proficient in Office 365 Suite like Word, Excel, Access, Outlook & PowerPoint, etc., Adobe Suite like Photoshop, Illustrator & InDesign, etc. , good command of SharePoint and Active Directory, MS Azure, Amazon Web Services(AWS) , Google applications like Google Doc, Sheet, etc.
Experience with Cisco Unified Communications Manager(CUCM), Fusion/Megapath Voice Manager
Good at vendor coordination, inventory control, Office Project Management duties like Internet Searches, SEO, Project Planning, and Project Tracking.
Over 5 years of solid experience in manual and automated testing enterprise level web based security product under complex windows, Mac OS and networking environments via real and virtual VMware with tools like QC HP, ServiceNow, Clarify, etc.
Good understanding of TCP/IP, Ethernet and Windows networking, CISCO routers, switches, http/s & VPN, etc.
A solid understanding of filesystem structure and access permissions on Windows and MacOS platforms.
A solid understanding of the general structure of relational databases and experience in writing simple SQL queries.
General knowledge of SQL Server Platforms and Administration.
Experience with Cloud-based Systems such as AWS and Azure.
Dual Master Degrees of Information Systems and Management, and Post Graduate Diploma in Applied Linguistics
Good knowledge of Remote Desktop Services via VDI, MS and Mac Terminal Server, VNC (Kaseya, Bomgar, Windows Remote Desktop, etc.), resources networking and sharing technology
Responsible, detail-oriented, good team player and fast learner.
More than 10 years’ experience on software product training, teaching and presentation, former Certified Teacher, OCT, Canada, former Environmental Professional in Training, ECO Canada.
Multitasking and excellent multilingual skills at software localization and system documentation/SOPs technical writing with strong linguistics educational backgrounds, excellent oral and writing skills in English, Chinese, intermediate Russian and basic Japanese, former Candidate for the Certified Translator, ATIO, Canada
Excellent oral and written communication and interpersonal skills. Excellent analytical, problem solving and organizational skills. Persistent attitude at getting the started job complete. Skilled in digging deep and getting to the root cause of problem.

Education:
Dual Master Degrees in Information Systems & Management 2001
Tomsk Polytechnic/State University, Russia
Bachelor Degree in Information Systems 1999
Tomsk Polytechnic University, Russia
Post graduate Diploma in Applied Linguistics 1992
Regional Language Centre, SEAMEO, Singapore

Technical Skills:
OS: Windows Command Shell Script, VBScript, or PowerShell, Windows 2K/2K3/XP/Vista/WIN7/8/10/Server 2008/2012/2016, Apple Mac OS 10.4+, Android System, iOS, CISCO system, other handheld Systems, etc.
Languages & Tools: PowerShell, VBscript, Command lines, DOS batch, SQL scripting, Visdual Basic 6.0, VB.net, VBA, JavaScript, Python, CSS, HTML, SQL, S/FTP, ASP(.net),
Database: SQL, MySql, RDBMS, ADO, ODBC, MS ACCESS, CRM and FileMaker, etc.
MS & MAC App: O365 2013/2016/2019, Microsoft Exchange, Windows Server 2008/2012/2016, Windows 7/10, SharePoint, Azure/Active Directory, Adobe Suite

Professional Experience:

Sona Networks, 516 N. Charles Street, Suite 311, Baltimore, MD 21201 June 2023 – Present
Lead System Engineer Client: DOT (Department of Transportation)
Run daily status report on and monitor servers, VM machines and overall COTS applications and fix the issues
Install, configure, deploy, and manage software applications running on a Windows Server 2016 and newer.
Support end users relating to the specific COTS applications that include MS Visio, MS Project, TOAD and visual studio, FileMaker Pro v19, Samsung MagicInfo, Carbonite Doubletake, Globalscape. Maintain current patching and running for all these COTS applications on a virtual environment like vCenter, physical servers and Citrix.
Experienced in implementing CVE patching, updates and upgrades like Citrix Virtual Apps management, troubleshooting server end and user end issues.
Experienced in vCenter, Hyper-V maintenance and operation
Monitor and maintain via Tenable, Bigfix, SCCM all the servers patches againt vulnerability remediation, etc.
Experience with infrastructure technologies and solutions such as switches, wireless networking, cybersecurity, firewalls, server virtualization, servers, storage, Active Directory, Azure, DNS, DHCP, backup solutions, cloud and video surveillance.
Demonstrated leadership and problem-solving skills. Documentation management. Experience using various management tools.
Experienced in mitigating/remediating security vulnerabilities on servers and software application
Provide assistance on configuration and policy implementation in regard to Microsoft portals and services which are authorized and managed by the department.
Hands on experience in a System management/Deployment appliance (SCCM, Tanium, BigFix, MS Intuen/AutoPilot, etc). Capable of building deployment packages to update, remove and install software, implementing solutions in the above environment for client solutions.
Experience with PowerShell scripts to manage/support Windows Server, Microsoft 365 and Active Directory environments.
Monitor and maintain vCenter virtual machines, snapshots, vulnerability remediation, etc.
Run backup, restore and test-failover and failover disaster recovery by DoubleTaker/Carbonite Availability
Superb analytical and problem-solving abilities, skills and experience. Able to analyze complex technical information.
Experienced with supporting data networks, firewalls and MS Active Directory.
Good understanding of Networking and experienced in troubleshooting layer 1, 2, and 3 networking issues.
Experienced in software technical support consisting of installation, setup/configuration, troubleshooting, diagnostics and maintenance
Coordinate, interface internally and externally among various teams and parties with both excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong Analytical and problem-solving skills with high attention to detail
Experienced in cloud computing with Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure.
Experienced in the design, implementation and failover testing of DR environments
Performing snapshots, disaster recovery, performance tuning
System Installation, STIG hardening, patching, etc.
Experience developing and maintaining critical documentation (SIPs, SAGs, SOPs, Getting started guides)
Excellent troubleshooting skills and Tier 1 communication skills
Highly knowledgeable in PKI certificates, SSL, service accounts,administrate and maintain SSL certificates for FileMaker Web Direct Access, MagicInfo web console, GlobalScape EFT site, etc. and email encryption as required
Maintaining multiple environment types (physical, virtual, cloud)
Lead junior team members for various projects
Strong sense of accountability for performance and continued improvement of execution
Excellent time management skills and a consistent record of setting and meeting results-oriented goals
Infinite Computer Solutions, Inc. Rockville, MD September 2022 – June 2023
Lead Systems Administrator Client: VA (Department of Veteran Affairs)
Lead and implement MDE, FiServ and multiple other projects from planning stage to the finalization stage
Installation, STIG hardening, patching hundreds of policies/rules stipulated by Security Technical Implementation Guide (STIG) on images as required
Leads the day-to-day operational support for server, storage, or network infrastructures (Window Servers 08-19, AD/GPO, and Cisco/SonicWall), Active Directory, Exchange 2016, Exchange Online, MS Teams, Office 365, PowerShell.
Gatekeep IT equipment procurement planning, approval and purchase, and inventorization of all incoming and outgoing flow and precedures.
Performing snapshots, disaster recovery, performance tuning
Excellent troubleshooting skills and Tier 1 communication skills
Experience developing and maintaining critical documentation (SIPs, SAGs, SOPs, Getting started guides)
Builds, patches, tests (checks for compatibility issues, conducts QA), and deploys complex systems and platforms meeting clients’ needs and specifications. (Azure deployments and writing scripts via PowerShell)
Leads in planning and implementing changes to infrastructure with the goal of enhancing performance.
Performs complex storage and server data backup, data migration, and disaster recovery operations.
Performs complex software and operating system upgrades and track system licensing.
Monitor, manage and support the globally deployed SCCM infrastructure, troubleshoot all areas of SCCM as required
Understanding the End User Computing environment and suggest changes and improvements to fit with implementation of changes, enhancements and fixes
Maintenance of enterprise level Configuration Management functions
Analyse SCCM log files, provide patch management support, and off-hours maintenance window operations
Troubleshoot sites experiencing configuration management problems
Package applications for Windows XP-Windows 11 OS platform
Understand a standard packaging process and workflow, MSI packaging best practices and standards.
Software deployment leveraging Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) and desktop deployments for Windows platforms.
Document issues and resolutions using Ticket Management system like ServiceNow, Remedy, BizX, etc.
Interface effectively both orally and written with customers, stakeholders, and technical specialists.
Build and deliver workstation images as required for deployment schedule.
Sound knowledge in Image Management using SCCM and Imaging engines and Windows7/10 imaging technology
Develop, test and implement custom deployment scripts (PowerShell, VBS, DOS batch etc...)
Tweak and customize the OS through registry modifications
Scripting to install application and drivers into the images (VB or PowerShell, etc…)
Develop utilities and processes to optimize images and installation procedures
Develop and document design specification and build processes
Troubleshooting/debugging software and hardware problems related to the operating system or supporting applications, drivers, and services.
Work closely with other developers to ensure design compliance and operating system compatibility with system and platform specific applications.
Work collaboratively with customer to identify strategic goals through delivery
Experience with creating and maintaining device and user collections via WMI/SQL query.
Implementing, Maintaining, and Deploying SCCM Configuration Baselines/Items
Hands-on experience developing and implementing strategies for building, designing, and implementing MECM.
Multiple years of demonstrated team lead/supervisory experiences
“Walk-on” and create image/ task sequences via MECM platform following provided processes
Drive customer requested deliverables to achieve due dates
Provide general, technical guidance to team members with excellent verbal and written communication skills
Provides installation & configuration support of routers, servers, firewalls, & network equipment
Performs Configuration/Implementation/Management within Windows Server environments including Active Directory & Group Policy (Creating user accounts, Managing Security levels/principles, Login scripts, configuration/set up of network printers)
Configures, Administers, Troubleshoots, and Manages: VoIP/Telephone Systems, Firewalls (e.g. SonicWALL), Network Attached Storage (Synology), Centrally Managed Anti-Virus Technologies (e.g. Webroot), Routers, WAN and LAN (Windows server environments, non-Cisco) including common network services and utilities such as TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, NLB
Experience creating and maintaining infrastructure using AWS and/or Azure cloud services.
Experience deploying, integrating, configuring, and securing Microsoft Windows 2016 – 2022 servers in standalone environments and as hybrid environments (on-prem and in the cloud).
Experience automating processes using one of the following programming or scripting languages: Windows PowerShell, VBS, or DOS Batch.
Experience managing production infrastructure with configuration management systems including MECM or Intune.
Researches and performs troubleshooting activities to triage of events and in a controlled manner, resolves non-routine system alerts and addresses issues on generally complex technologies.
Manages and executes tasks relating to maintenance, applications, and processes (e.g., O365, Exchange server, spam filters, MDM, etc.).
Recommends content for and assists with preparing standard operating procedures and knowledge share manuals.
Initiates upgrades and/or enhancements for assigned technologies.
Assists with implementing new technologies.
Follows all compliance policies and ensures technology remains within compliance standards, maintaining functionality and security.

OCTO, Bethesda, MD 4th Floor, 10780 Parkridge Blvd, Reston, VA 20191 December 2021 – September 2022
Desktop Administrator Client: NIH NIAMS
Work with stakeholders to plan, architect, develop, and implement security patch procedure to be utilized with scientific applications including lifecycle development for those systems that can no longer be vendor supported.
Troubleshoot/diagnose hardware and peripherals, operating systems, imaging, software applications, network connectivity, configuration, and security compliance.
Support desktops, laptops, printers, video conference set-up, PC security patch installation, software upgrade
Troubleshoot/diagnose and resolve reported hardware and software issues connected to scientific systems.
Support the current service desk team with IT day-to-day computer operations and maintenance.
Provide a variety of IT support including infrastructure, service desk, and project management services.
Support Microsoft Office 365 (including, but not limited to), Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, OneDrive, Teams, Project, and Visio, Adobe Suite and miscellaneous specific scientific applications used by various labs.
Document each stakeholders’ scientific applications that are utilized on these systems to allow testing for future patching and hardware implementation.
Highly experienced in writing and completing SOP’s documenting for any system upgrades by each stakeholders’ requirements and procedures.
Troubleshoot incidents and requests remotely, either over the phone, via email, or using remote support technologies, such as Bomgar or similar remote tools.
Diagnose, troubleshoot, and remediate security vulnerabilities within specified timelines determined by the NIH Security Handbook guidelines.
Write troubleshooting articles and develop training materials specific to scientific application installation, administration, and conduct technical training to current NIAMS service desk support specialists.
Broad knowledge of information technology hardware, software, concepts, and services to effectively guide customers when new requirements or alternative solutions are needed.
Host effective virtual presentations and meetings, using collaboration tools including video calls, file sharing, and whiteboarding (like WebEx and Zoom).
Coordinate team, vendor, or escalate response for support requests and troubleshoot reporting for all IT services, products, and equipment managed within required SLAs.
Build/image, update and configure Apple macOS and Microsoft Windows OS utilizing SCCM or JAMF applications.

GRSi, Rockville, MD April 2020 – December 2021
Sr. Desktop Engineer Client: National Cancer Institute
Highly knowledgeable and skilled at advanced Mac OS X s OS / Windows OS and the tools for the respective applications troubleshooting and creatively finding the solutions
Experienced with Enterprise Vulnerability Management tools and desktop security practices and tools like Cylance, Eset, Malawarebytes, etc.
MDM (Mobile Device Management) Admin to provision, enroll, activate, retire, delete mobile devices like iPhone, iPad, tablet, Android SmartPhone, etc.
Consistently and continuously get awared as both the fastest and most welcome/satisfying engineer by the feedback and survey from all clients of various groups among the support teams.
Diagnosed, troubleshot, and remediated security vulnerabilities within specified timelines determined by the NIH Security Handbook guidelines.
Capable of communicating efficiently and effectively with various levels of management on matters worked on
Applied SQL queries to generate reports for quality control, SLA compliance and tickets prioritization, etc.
Wrote scripts by PowerShell and VBScript, CMD batch commands to automate system administration routine tasks and other daily tasks
Possessed a deep understanding of the system and its interaction with external systems and involvement with enterprise business processes including logical and physical access.
Provided training and guidance to junior staff.
Perform troubleshooting and works with various groups of different contracting companies and vendors to resolve issues.
Created system change request and defect artifacts in the change management system.
Maintaind system documentation and assisted with integrated system testing in different test groups of different phases for release management.
Applied problem analysis and solving skills critical in identifying, resolving or escalating problems.
Fully used IT ticket system and wa responsible for receiving and tracking the trouble tickets, assigns them to a technical specialist for action and ensures that their tickers be resolved, and closed out with the customer in the system with SLA.
Able to work well under pressure and meet deadlines as needed.
Consulted with users to determine hardware, software or system functional specifications.
Drafted and maintained documentation on any testing, creation or modifications of programs related to machine operating systems.
Experienced with Active Directory, LAN, WAN, VPN, VMware, Windows Server, Citrix, Exchange, O365, Adobe Suite, etc. in a large corporate environment
Independently evaluated and resolved computer, system, and user problems including compatibility conflicts, application operations, hardware malfunctions, and Mac upgrade problems.
Tested or modified systems or programs based on end user requirements and responded and followed up on internal and external customer support problems.
Creatively fixed problem tickets escalated from other junior team members and provided training and guidance to junior team members and new / entry-level staff in technical duties and knowledge
Performed troubleshooting and works with various groups of different contracting companies and vendors to resolve issues.
Created system change request and defect artifacts in the change management system.
Maintained system documentation and assisted with integrated system testing in different test groups of different phases for release management.
Experienced with LAN, WAN, VPN, VMware, Windows Server, Citrix, Exchange and Active Directory
Provide support and troubleshoot special software systems and set up SPE lab IT equipment, execute software validation scripts for Consolidated Research Laboratories (CRL) including the Laboratory of Translational Genomics (LTG), the Laboratory of Genetic Susceptibility (LGS), and the Cancer Genomics Research Laboratory (CGR)
Coordinate with accounts team to check and maintain licenses and annual maintenance agreements, etc., and with purchase administrators or administration officer for different department software requests for Custodial Account Number (CAN) and other details for invoice approval

Infinite Computer Solutions, Inc. Rockville, MD July 2019 – March 2020
Lead IT Support/Systems Admin Client: Department of Veteran Affairs
Administrated Healthcare Domain Infrastructure operations.
Provided ongoing technical support Infrastructure and services for our clinics
Applied SQL queries to generate reports for quality control, SLA compliance and tickets prioritization, etc.
Resolved incident, problem, and implemented change and release management.
Wrote scripts by PowerShell and VBScript, CMD batch commands to automate system administration routine tasks and other daily tasks
Worked in cross-functional teams to continuously experiment, iterate, and deliver on new product / project
Managed user roles, permissions, licenses, and policies across all company software, including but not limited to Active Directory, and specifically passwords, SSO policies, and best practices across all company software and create support requests as Microsoft 365 Global Admin
Processed software requests including the pre-installation research, vetting, and installation
Knowledgeable of Office 365 services, integrations, and deployment of services with an understanding of Azure, Active Directory, Enterprise Mobility + Security, and Intune.
Configure and maintain policies, settings, and packages within the Office 365 system
Knowledgeable of Microsoft Teams, SharePoint Online, OneDrive, PowerApps, Power Automate, Power-Bi report building
Write and execute PowerShell scripts as Global Admin to automate system administration daily tasks
Applied security rules to control sending sensitive information like SSN, Driver License in emails
Mentored, led and supervised entry-level and junior staff and teammates in technical duties and knowledge.
Launched Phishing campaigns periodically for employee security awareness and training.
Implemented and ensured Duo Security on the computers required for compliance.
Administrated and ensured Entrust certificate for email encryption as required from VA.
Implemented Bitlocker Encryption on all company’s workstations in compliance with HIPPA policy.
Updated the tickets on ITSM tools such as ServiceNow for the whole team.
Initialized CMOC (Case Management Operations Center) SharePoint inventory site and implemented it with SharePoint team.
Kept records of inventory, logged and tracked IT assets, ensured the inventory current.
Performed installation, upgrade and troubleshooting of Windows 7-10 and Mac OS 10-14 via remote monitoring and management (RMM and Kaseya) tools.
Performed Office 365 and Azure AD administration as Global Admin for CMOC, CareNet and VetFed.com, domain admin for CMOC on-prem Active Directory and GPO.
Set up and configured existing and newly procured on-prem and cloud servers, switches, routers, IP phones, printers, scanners, fax, etc.by closely working with other relevant teams when needed.
Configured basic and intermediate Wired and Wireless network.
Monitored infrastructure and various applications.
Performed antivirus continuous monitoring and management like COMODO endpoint system, RapidFire Scanning tool and WebRoot.
Served as a solutions provider for level 1, 2, 3 and 4 Infrastructure related issues.
Executed provisioning and deprovisioning of users/IDs for the applications and other portals.
Triaged an escalated the tickets to the right teams for resolution and track it to the closure within SLA.
Monitored and managed AWS environment.
Worked closely with application owners and business leaders to develop and build infrastructure with capabilities that meet the needs of our clients.
Coordinated and liaised with Vendors for Products procurement, replacement and maintenance services.
Understood and enforced Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPPA) and other federal compliance like PII/PHI data security policy.
Trained junior team members and new hires, educated new users and employees for general IT policy compliance.
Purchase and maintain licenses and annual maintenance agreements, etc. for software request and coordinatate with finance/accounting team for invoice approval
Any other job responsibilities requested by management.

CSRA, Rockville, MD Oct 2017 – July 2019
Sr. Customer Support Analyst (Tier 4) Client: National Cancer Institute
Responded and follows-up on internal and external customer support problems.
Creatively fixed tough tickets escalated from other team members
Possessed a deep understanding of the system and its interaction with external systems and involvement with enterprise business processes including logical and physical access.
Applied SQL queres to generate reports for quality control, SLA compliance and tickets prioritization, etc.
Provided training and guidance to junior staff.
Performed troubleshooting and works with various groups to resolve issues.
Created system change request and defect artifacts in the change management system.
Maintained system documentation and assists with integrated system testing.
Applied problem analysis and solving skills critical in identifying, resolving or escalating issues.
Full use of IT ticket system and is responsible for receiving and tracking the trouble tickets, assigns them to a technical specialist for action and ensures that their tickers are resolved, and closed out with the customer in the system.
Able to work well under pressure and meet deadlines as needed.
Consulted with users to determine hardware, software or system functional specifications.
Tested or modified systems or programs based on end user requirements.
Created and maintain documentation on any testing, creation or modifications of programs related to machine operating systems.
Rich technical support experience in current desktop and
Contact this candidate