OSAMUDIA BRIAN AIGBOMIAN
IT SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR
IT Security professional Air Force vet seeking to apply eight years of supporting system security and proliferating company mission. Consistently implements personal commitment to maintain abreast of IT industry security fundamentals, infrastructure, risk assessment and management, network protocols, testing and best practices. Disciplined and flexible with leadership aptitude in project management experience. Punctual, positive team-player who is a solid problem-solver and detail-oriented with fluid written and verbal communication skills and sound interpersonal skills.
TOOL BOX
NIST Publications
CIS Controls
ISO 27001, PCI DSS, SSAE 18, SOC Report, HIPAA, GDPR,
Vulnerability Scans and Digital and Network Forensic
Organizational Risk Assessment
Project Management e.g agile, cost benefit analysis and planning
MITRE ATT&CK and D3FEND Techniques
Threat Modelling and OPSEC application
Technical Report Writing
Microsoft Office & Google Suite
Excellent analytical, creativity and innovation ability
Proven Leadership skills

EXPERIENCE IT SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR
Nuovocare Inc October 2018 - present
Implement and enforces security measures, including access controls, data encryption and vulnerability management.
Collaborate with cybersecurity teams to ensure systems align with security policies and industry best practices.
Conduct regular system audits, assess vulnerabilities, and implement remediation plans.
Monitor system performance, capacity and utilization, proactively identifying bottlenecks and performance issues.
Conduct system performance tuning and optimization, implementing necessary configurations and adjustment.
Generate reports and metrics to assess system performance and provide recommendations for improvements.
Work collaboratively with team and serve as lead on projects whenever necessary.
Thoughtfully determine the objectives, scope and steps needed to complete each assignment presented.
Conduct assigned performance audits and evaluation by gathering assembling, and analyzing data to formulate finding that satisfy the audit objectives.

CONTACT P: 267-***-****

E: ad24wy@r.postjobfree.com

L: Willow Grove, Pennsylvania

EDUCATION +
CERTIFICTAION

Coordinated Vulnerability scans, and penetration tests on systems, document findings and recommend risk mitigation strategies.
Operated, administered and monitored network and host-based intrusion detection and prevention systems.
Assisted technical support staff in identifying and implementing appropriate security safeguards, incusing patch application and anti-malware strategies.
Analyzed network traffic, intrusion attempts, activity logs, and system alerts for trends, anomalies, and potential security breaches.
Developed tools, and procedures to automate scans, assessments, and other monitoring and discovery activities.
Crafted policies and prepared briefings to explain security programs and requirements to senior executives.
Provided expert technical advice, guidance, and recommendations to management and other technical specialists on critical information technology security issues.
Assessed risk factors and advised on vulnerability to attack from a variety of sources and procedures for protection of systems and applications.
Ensured coordination and collaboration on security activities.
Effectively communicated both orally and in writing with management and other technical specialists.
Planned, organized and managed tasks on time with minimal supervision.

Planned and executed audits and evaluations of both in varying programs, activities and functions within the organizations.
Analyzed various programs, systems and operations and make recommendations for more effective and efficient solutions,
Developed audit finding supported by evidentiary data that are technically sound, reasonable, and met all required industry standards.
Prepared meeting notes and briefing materials.
Gave written and oral briefing and presentations to management on progress of assignments,
Performed control assessment of systems in compliance with established standards.
Performed vulnerability and compliance scanning and analyzing results to identify trends, root cause, and effect.
Performed other administrative support duties, special projects, and assignments at the direction of the IT Audits Division Director on an as needed basis

AIGBOMIAN
OSAMUDIA BRIAN
IT SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR
P: 267-***-****
E: ad24wy@r.postjobfree.com
L: Willow Grove, Pennsylvania
GOOGLE DATA ANALYTICS
CERTIFICATION
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN
September 2023
NDA
PHYSICS
January 2024
Institute (PMI)
The Project Management
PMP
(in progress)
Wilmington University
ASSURANCE)
CYBERSECURITY (INFORMATION
MASTER OF SCIENCE IN
December 2023
CompTIA
SECURITY+
OAU
December 2015
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING
POST GRADUATE DIPLOMA IN
September 2007
Resource Informatics Group March 2016 - October 2018
INFORMATION SECURITY ANALYST
EXPERIENCE
Curia December 2014 - March 2016
JUNIOR CYBERSECURITY ANALYST
Contact this candidate