Gregory B. Jones
**** *********
Houston, TX ****7
Phone: 713-***-****

Personal Summary:
A highly experienced, self-motivated computer operations professional who consistently performs duties in a timely and efficient manner. Has shown sound judgement and great fortitude when faced with progressively increasing responsibilities and assignments. Extremely knowledgeable in all computer operations equipment, software and procedures.

Current Experience:
Top Line Building Services – Owner, July 2004 – Current
Own and operate a building cleaning service, supervise four employees in building cleaning, sanitation, floor striping and waxing and carpet cleaning. Initiate and produce service contracts with various customers for building cleaning services, fix any malfunctioning equipment, perform site inspections of possible cleaning assignments and produce attendance records and payroll for employees.

Previous Experience:
OAO Technology – Supervisor, August 2006–April 2011
Supervise all operation shift employees. Run CAT5 cable as necessary. Process and monitor batch production daily jobs and backup transaction data to LAN servers using Novell. Manage data shipments to other data facilities.

American Capital Insurance Company – Computer Operator, September 2001 – July 2006
Process and monitor batch production jobs daily and backup transaction data to LAN servers using Novell.

Solid Systems Inc. – Jr. Systems Administrator, January 2001 – July 2001
Monitor and process HP Open View applications and What’s Up Gold, monitor, setup, and process HVAC and monitor daily backups

Randall’s Food Market – Computer Operations Technician, May 1997 – September 2001
Process and monitor batch production jobs daily, process and print weekly payroll checks, backup store’s transaction data to LAN servers (running Novell), and respond to system requests for reel tapes.

Randall’s Food Market – Mail Room Clerk, April 1990 – May 1997
Ordered general office supplies for the executive office, distributed mail throughout the executive office building, managed the Pitney Bowes folder and inserter machines for stores and maintained all executive office financial and general journals.

Technical Skills:
UNIX AIX Novell
TELNET Windows NT Windows 95 & 98
DOS VSE What’s Up Gold HP Open View
Q-Process

Hardware Experience:
Risc 6000 Tandem K2000 LAN Server
IBM 6262 IBM 3420 HP6000
Net Infinity 7000

Technical Training:
January 1997 – April 1997
Houston Community College System - UNIX 1 Course

Education:
Yates Senior High School – 1983
Houston Community College System – Major: Hotel and Restaurant Management
Contact this candidate