John Calvin Summerlin Jr.
Decatur, Georgia, United States ad2qw4@r.postjobfree.com 404-***-**** linkedin.com/in/calvin-summerlin-70434352

SUMMARY
Experienced System Administrator with 16 years of experience in system administration. Proven ability to install, configure, and maintain enterprise-level systems and applications. Experienced in deployment of IT infrastructure. Highly organized and excellent communication skills.

EXPERIENCE
System Administrator II
Georgia Department of Labor

December 2020 - Present, Atlanta Metropolitan Area

•Maintained the Active Directory/Azure AD/Microsoft 365 infrastructure with a team of administrators to support a user base of over 2000 internal and external users.
•Configured and maintained the Dynamics 365 Customer Engagement platform to ensure that all business users can effectively operate the system.
•Reduced CommVault Backup time by optimizing backup jobs, increasing bandwidth, and creating a new backup schedule.
•Established a backup and DR strategy for a growing business. Implemented a backup and DR strategy, which included CommVault CommCell, multiple StorONE backup appliances, and a DR site located in a different data center, to protect the business’ data.
•Participated in AWS cloud migration project. Used AWS MGN/Application Migration Service to create EC2 instances from snapshots of on-premises VMWare-based virtual servers into QA, Development and Production accounts in AWS. Performed testing to insure functionality of migrated servers before final cutover.
SaaS Engineer
AirWatch by VMware May 2012 - April 2020, · 8 yrs
Administered and managed Windows servers, virtualization, and cloud-based applications at Vmware AirWatch, which included server updates and patches for the following solutions: Workspace ONE UEM, IIS, and Microsoft Server 2008/2012/2016. Configured and diagnosed Microsoft IIS-based web applications to drive SLA compliance.
Systems Administrator
Georgia Department of Agriculture Sep 2006 - Apr 2012 · 5 yrs 8 mos
•Managed servers, enterprise systems, software, and hardware deployment by coordinating projects with internal customers and external vendors, which improved the efficiency of the organization.
•Implemented Microsoft Deployment Toolkit to streamline and automate setup of new client machines and repurposing of existing machines, significantly increasing agility of the Help Desk.
Systems Administrator

ZeroChaos
•Provided end user support for software and hardware.
November 2005 - June 2006, Nov 2005 - Jun 2006 · 8 mos

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.), Computer Information Systems
Georgia State University • Atlanta GA • 2003 • 3.8

CERTIFICATIONS
MCITP
Microsoft
MS-203T00 Microsoft 365 Messaging
New Horizons Computer Learning Centers • 2022

SKILLS
Industry Knowledge: System Administration, Network Administration, System Deployment, Cloud Computing, Disaster Recovery, Networking, Hardware, Software Deployment Technical Skills: Disaster Recovery, Minimize Downtime, Recovery, Backup Restoration
Tools & Technologies: Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange, Windows Server, VMware vSphere, Group Policy, IIS, Software as a Service (SaaS) Software: Backup Administration, Backup Recovery, Disaster Recovery Software: Microsoft 365 Software: Dynamics 365
Languages: Japanese

N/A

N/A
Contact this candidate