Angela Fesmire
**** * *** *
Markleville, Indiana 46056
Cell: 765-***-****
ad3bt0@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
To obtain a position in Information Technology where I can apply my combined 20 plus years of diverse skills toward an opportunity with professional growth.
SUMMARY
Over 20 years of diverse experience working with mainframe and windows operating systems. I am a very motivated individual who needs little to no supervision, and very effective in promoting productive work environment with strong commitment to team building, and quality.
EXPERIENCE

AES(Indianapolis Power and Light), Indianapolis, Indiana
December 2022 – Present
Production Control Specialist/Systems Administrator
Contractor Through Effone
Attend to any job abends, pulled tapes for Disaster Recovery Purposes
Assist Upgrading Software running on the mainframe.
Attend meetings about putting the mainframe in read only mode.
Assist coworkers as needed.
Work with vendors.
Attend to any issues that may arise on the mainframe.
I have a TWIC card.

Perspecta
Mainframe Contractor
December 2019 – December 2022
Mainframe Systems Administrator with a clearance of Secret
Upgrade Software running on the mainframe.
Assist coworkers as needed.
Work with vendors.
Attend to any issues that may arise on the mainframe.
Maintain the Z/OS mainframe.
Support CA OPS/MVS.
Keep up with CompTIA requirements for Security+.

AES Indianapolis Power and Light, Indianapolis, Indiana
June 2017 – December 2019

Mainframe Computer Operator
Attended to any job abends, pulled tapes for Disaster Recovery Purposes .
Assisted Upgrading Software running on the mainframe.

Cognizant Technology Solutions, Carmel, IN 2015-2016
Programmer Analyst, 03/2015 – 05/2016
Monitored help desk phone providing outstanding customer service on technical issues. Logged and worked trouble tickets for users using CA ServiceDesk.
Maintained excellent client relations and service based on outstanding communication, technical efficiency, and problem-solving skills.
Analyzed and monitored existing network for efficiency and effectiveness, including server performance, activity, memory, and disk space. I’ve also had exposure to UNIX and Linux.
Provided 24/7 oncall support and did testing of applications during disaster recovery tests four times a year.
CNO Financial, Carmel, IN 1994-2015
Production Control Analyst, 06/2013 - 03/2015

Monitored help desk phone providing outstanding customer service on technical issues.
Logged and worked trouble tickets for users using CA ServiceDesk.
Maintained excellent client relations and service based on outstanding communication, technical efficiency, and problem-solving skills.
Analyzed and monitored existing network for efficiency and effectiveness, including server performance, activity, memory, and disk space. I’ve also had exposure to UNIX and Linux.
Provided 24/7 oncall support and did testing of applications during disaster recovery tests four times a year.
Windows Administrator, 05/2011 - 06/2013
Worked with VMWARE to build and maintain virtual servers, remove users from Active Directory,
Restore deleted or corrupt files, maintain and update group policies and applied patches.
Worked with IBM to maintain physical servers such as adding space and replacing hardware.
Logged and worked user trouble tickets and requests using CA ServiceDesk. Participated in four disaster recovery tests a year. Provided 24/7 oncall support.
Mainframe Systems Administrator, 05/2000 - 05/2011
I am familiar with Parallel Sysplex
Worked with security, storage, network, production control etc.…
Upgraded Operating System every year.
Applied maintenance to system every 6 months.
Upgrade software that runs on the mainframe
Send Documentation to users about what will be changing on the system.
Collected sign off Documentation from the managers of the different departments.
Resolve batch job issues.
Worked on help desk tickets using CA ServiceDesk.
Updated and kept track of when product codes would expire.
Provided 24/7 on-call support.

I have experience with TSO, SDSF, ISPF, JCL, Z/OS, SMPE, MQSERIES, FTP, SFTP, RACF, UNIX on z/OS, DFHSM, DFSMS, DB2 and CICS.

I have experience with the following third-party software that runs on the mainframe: Strobe, Abendaid, FileAid, TMON, VRA, CA View, CA Deliver, Ca Ops, Zeke, Zebb, Zara, Strobe for DB2, Syncsort, Thruput Manager, Perfman, PKZIP, PDSFAST, Falcon, JCLCheck, Connect Direct, Faver, Softaudit, SAS, Change Action, Xrefplus, Streamweaver, TPX, TREX, CA Endeavor, ERD .

Participated in two disaster recovery tests a year.
Database Administrator, 05/1998 – 05/2000
Add/remove batch jobs to the CA-View and CA-Deliver databases.
Add space to the databases.
Provide customer service.
Restore databases at disaster recovery.

Information Control Analyst, 09/1997 – 05/1998
Balance financial systems, report numbers to management and interact with financial team to resolve out of balance systems.
Maintain and update procedures as needed.
Train new employees.

Policy Administrator, 05/1994 – 09/1997
Review annuity applications for completeness and enter customer data into computer system.
Process customer withdrawals and provide customer service.
Train new employees.
EDUCATION

IBM
Additional seminars and training included SMP/E, JCL, and MQSERIES.
CompTIA Security+ Certificate received June 22, 2017.
Cisco Security Operations Center certificate received Aug 3, 2023
Cisco Endpoints and Systems certificate received Aug 2023
Cisco Network Security received Aug 2023
Microsoft Azure Management Tools and Security Solutions certificate received Jun 30, 2023
Microsoft Azure Services and Lifecycles certificate received June 2023
Microsoft Azure Services Introduction to Microsoft Azure Cloud Services certificate received June 2023
Microsoft Azure Fundamentals certificate received June 2023
Microsoft Introduction to Networking and Cloud Computing received September 2023
Learning Quest Linux Fundamentals certificate received September 2023
Learning Quest Learning Linux for LFCA Certification received September 2023

Ivy Tech Community College, Anderson, IN
Completed continuing education courses for Computer Information Systems. Classes include:
Logic Design & Programming, Network Fundamentals, Micro Operating Systems, Introduction to Microcomputers, Data Processing Fundamentals, Basic Formatting and Database Design & Management
Pendleton Heights High School, Pendleton, IN
H.S. Diploma, General Studies, 6/1990
Contact this candidate