Paul Richmond

470-***-**** ad3inn@r.postjobfree.com 1840 Rue de Montreal, Atlanta, Ga
Summary
Focused Network Systems Administrator bringing more than 7 years of diversified network expertise. Excels at Identifying and solving technical issues.
Credentials

Experience
CDC- Center for Disease and Control (IT Computer support) 2022-2023
1. Installation of monitors, including monitors on sit-stand workstations and monitor arms
2. Desktop retrieval
3. Computer backup and imaging
4. Shipping to CDC offsite campuses and receiving of computers and peripherals at the OCIO Depot
5. Schedule and coordinate equipment distribution and returns at the Drive-Thru CSA

Storm Entertainment, Los Angeles, Ca 2018-2022
( IT Client Support Analyst)
Maintaining clients private personal public accounts from tweeter and Instagram and
Facebook. Managing Schedules for actors from interviews and on set Appearance to podcasting.
Relaying information to papers, Tv, and magazines. For movies like a Wrinkle in Time, Invisible Man and Suicide Squad.

NOC Tech, Kelly Temps, cloud 3, Smyrna GA ( Noc Engineer)
Troubleshooting Ethernet LTE, Broadband, T1 Wireless circuits OC12, OC3,10gig Ethernet Backhaul circuits on Sprint network up/down status using Spirent testing software testing circuits. Troubleshooting data and voice Primary Secondary VLANS with MPLS for Sprint customers. Using various database to get circuit attributes etc. location of cross connects for circuits. Troubleshooting Wireless lines with ISA-ITP software testing Loopback, Intrusive/Non-Intrusive testing triggering test scripts for external events. Checking T1 channel bank using Spirent for testing and to build site’s and delete site’s and to add VLANS. Troubleshooting looking for frame loss, Jitter/RTD, and historical performance for both primary and secondary VLANS. Troubleshooting routers at the command line Ericsson Router, Samsung Router, Alcatel Lucent Router, Cisco 9k,10k ASR Routers.

2017-2017

First data, Marietta GA ( IT Tech Support)
Using various database to get circuit attributes etc. location of cross connects for circuits. Using intuit based programs to update all clients over to new system prior to implementing, also sending out new equipment. Troubleshooting Wireless lines with ISA-ITP software testing Loopback, Intrusive/Non-Intrusive testing triggering test scripts for external events. Checking T1 channel bank using Spirent for testing and to build site’s and delete site’s and to add VLANS.

2016-2016
Network Surveillance Level 2 Allscripts, Dunwoody, GA (IT Help desk Support)
Monitoring Enterprise Business Network’s and VPNS, Wide Arear Points using Mongoose monitoring tool. Using oracle based Wireless Control System Network tool for troubleshooting Ethernet, T1, Frame Relay outages. Trouble shooting Hospital Doctor patient information for New Data based information on tablets to send from one department to another in under a minute. Troubleshooting Wireless WAP with WCS to locate clients detect and locate rouge Access Points pinging devices in WCS view current status, configuration, and statistics. Troubleshooting OSPF neighbors and BGP neighbors checking internal and external protocols on the router. Troubleshooting VLAN connectivity and access ports checking the trunk ports and access ports for all medical staff members to set up new passwords their email accounts and passwords to sign into the system.

2014-2015
American Express, Duluth, GA (IT Tech Support)

Imaging 30 to 40 laptop per day for Enterprise Business Installing VMWARE/ESXI with Hyper-V for user allocating Hard disk space for user and installing devices add network adapters and device in VMWARE. Setup network IP and profile and setting up user name and passwords. Resetting accounts around the world who were operating on company system whenever they crashed

2012-2014

Troubleshooting Ethernet LTE, Broadband, T1 Wireless circuits OC12, OC3,10gig Ethernet Backhaul circuits on Sprint network up/down status using Spirent testing software testing circuits. Troubleshooting data and voice Primary Secondary VLANS with MPLS for Sprint customers. Using various database to get circuit attributes etc. location of cross connects for circuits. Troubleshooting Wireless lines with ISA-ITP software testing Loopback, Intrusive/Non-Intrusive testing triggering test scripts for external events. Checking T1 channel bank using Spirent for testing and to build site’s and delete site’s and to add VLANS. Troubleshooting looking for frame loss, Jitter/RTD, and historical performance for both primary and secondary VLANS. Troubleshooting routers at the command line Ericsson Router, Samsung Router, Alcatel Lucent Router, Cisco 9k,10k ASR Routers.

-

Education
Associate, Information System, Strayer University, Roswell GA
2009-2011

SKILLS

Windows XP, Vista, and 7
Experienced with Remote Desktop Support
Oracle
Experienced with installing Windows Operation
System on laptops and desktop
Experienced with routers, switches and hubs
Worked with Active Directory
Remote access support
Wireless Access Points
Circuits: Frame Relay, T1, Ethernet, DSL,
Software: MS Office & Outlook
Contact this candidate