MICHAEL MCBRIDE
Suffolk, VA ***** ad3olv@r.postjobfree.com
757-***-****

SR. DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR

Accomplished Database Professional with a broad range of Information and Business Systems skill sets in design, development, upgrade, migration, installation, implementation, maintenance, performance tuning, root cause analysis, problem resolution and support for Mission Critical database and application infrastructure Systems. Customer-oriented, thorough, well-organized, committed to fostering teamwork to enhance internal and external client process improvement satisfaction. Proven experiences in implementing database technologies that reduce process redundancy and computing cost to enhance system performance and availability.

QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS

Experienced full development life cycle engineer through post integration and deployment
Accountable database architect, modeler, installer, upgrader, patching, migration, maintenance, implementer, and support
Experienced interface resource to developers, testers, quality assurance, end user community, the management team, quickly learning new technologies to enhance business processes improvement
Agile Methodology experienced (Sprint/Scrum/Kanban)
Leadership role in Oracle technical design, hosting and administration, development and support.
Hands on providing technical leadership and direction for the design, installation, customization, implementation, and support of an Oracle client server and web-based environments
Good communication, presentation, and documentation skilled

SKILLS

Software: Oracle (10g, 11g, 12c, 18c, 19c) RDBMS Enterprise and Standard Edition, RAC, Windows, Oracle Application server, Apex, WebLogic, Fusion Middleware, OEM, OBIEE, RMAN, Oracle Cluster, Grid Control, ASM, Data Guard, Data Broker, Golden Gate and Oracle Partitioning, SaaS, Ansible, Hypervisor, VMware vSphere, Cloud Computing, Microsoft SQL Server
Systems: UNIX (Sun Solaris, IBM AIX, HP/UX), Linux RedHat, Windows Server, Azure Hybrid, Windows NT Server, SQL Server 2005R2/2008R2, 2012 –2016 (SSMS, SSIS, SSRS, .NET)
Hardware: Sun Solaris, IBM, HP UX, Dell, Compaq, Alpha, NT Server
Languages: C++, Perl, SQL, TSQL, PL/SQL, SQLLOADER, Java, ASP, XML, HTML
Tools: Oracle OWB, Microsoft Office Suite, Toad, Oracle RAC, Oracle OPS, Failsafe, RMAN, Oracle Designer, Oracle, Discoverer, Oracle Forms and Reports, Data Guard, OEM 12c, Export, Import, SSH, Putty, Veritas, Remedy, SQL Developer, Oracle OBIEE, Oracle Data Pump, Golden Gate, CRSCTL, SRVCTL, Visio, SQLServer, (DTS/SSIS/SSRS, Import/Export Wizard, Enterprise Manager, Profiler and Query Analyzer), Skype, AWR, ASH, ADDM Reports, LogicMonitor, Powershell, Ansible, Shell Scripting (Bash), LogicMonitor, Git control management
Networks: SQLNET, TCP/IP, VPN, Cisco, NIPRNet, SIPRNet

EXPERIENCE
Infosys Limited Jun. 2022 – Present
Technology Lead, USSE

Client MBAG (Daimler) TAFP Project
Accountable for migration of customer CMO standalone Oracle 18c Production infrastructure implementations configurations to FMO Oracle 19c Production, Test, and Development infrastructure environments, per customer requirements.
Executed database hardening.
Resolved and ensure application schemas and end user schemas and data object migration were valid and all profiles, roles, permissions, and security policies were appropriate and applicable allocated.
Customer facing when and where applicable for migration planning and problem resolution.
Direct resource to Team colleagues and Management Team.

Client HPE Tidal Project
Accountable for providing sole DBA support for the project life cycle in consultation, source (CMO) Data Center database Infrastructure migration plan and procedure from HPUX Unix to Linux RAC HA Cloud Infrastructure (FMO) Data Center for Test, Development and Production environments, per Tidal Business Units requirements, for Oracle 19c employed implementations.
Configured and Developed environments through manual and Unix shell script procedures from extracting CMO infrastructure databases foot print.
Migrated the data using Oracle data pump and transportable tablespaces.
Provided initial development and test environments for the application team dry runs for test, checkout and new applications features employment before final cutover.
Coordination Handover to FMO Operations Support.
Instrumental in providing project documentation updates and review, Application Team guidance and upgrade implementation procedural support and problem resolution support.

Client HPE Support
Provided Oracle DBA Administrative support services for client HPE global customers production, development, and test infrastructures for Enterprise Edition 19c computing systems.
Maintained, monitored, and resolved alert message activity policies and procedures for accessibility and data integrity across clustered HA database servers implored over 2- 6 Oracle RAC nodes, inclusive DR and Standby servers employed by Oracle Data Guard configuration.
Troubleshoot and resolve performance issues in tandem with applications, network and storge engineers imploring utilities and tools: AWR, ADDM, Toad, dynamic SQL Shell scripting, and OEM to quickly identify bottlenecks.
Customer facing in change planning and implementation as related to database version upgrade, migration, patch application, and propagation to Production.
Health Check Reporting and mitigation
Planned and executed customer on premise database enterprise to Cloud base Enterprise infrastructure systems employing export/import, transportable tablespaces, Database Guard and or Golden-Gate technology, as applicable to site.
Ensure backup and recovery strategy in place.
Engage with application development and support reviews and implementation.
DBA resource to Project Management and Management

Comspoc Corporation, Exton PA Jun. 2021 – Mar 2022
Sr. Oracle Database Administrator (remote contract)
Accountable for assuring and maintaining the company’s Production database infrastructure within a local Hybrid computing environment (Oracle Primary, Data Guard and Standby deployed on Linux operating system. Responsibilities included ensuring the databases were configured and optimized for maximum performance and failure protection. The company provides application software services for gathering and monitoring Space Situational Awareness data activity used by their clients.
Maintained the Backup and recovery operations and procedures
Ensured optimal performance was employed and database changes were effectively transported and applied to the Data Guard and Standby databases keeping in sync with the Primary database.
Direct interface to the developers managing and supporting projects implementing new database architecture changes and modifications, within the Development server PDBs (multitenant) employed configuration.
Participated in code reviews and functional testing, and procedural (PLSQL) process updates
Cloned PDBs (multitenant) databases and managed the ASM storage farm
Work with developers to implement and manage schema changes and security
Developed final PDB build for test and checkout delivering the latest product version release script for the company clients.
Updated and created technical documentation for the company database operations and procedures, and DBA daily task.
Accountable for participation and use of Agile methodology and Git control management
Accountable for the propagation of the latest product version release to the company’s local databases.

MercuryGate Inc., Cary NC Nov. 2019 – Oct 2020
Sr. Oracle Database Administrator (remote)
Administered and supported Oracle databases in a mission-critical, 24/7 SaaS environment encompassing 100+ Oracle databases providing customer with 98% accessibility.
Support systems include MercuryGate’s SaaS products implemented across production, development, test and QA environments providing change management control across processes.
Migrated client Oracle 12c Windows standalone databases to Microsoft Azure Hybrid Linux Redhat multitenant pluggable Oracle 18c databases within RAC and nonRac infrastructures, yielding client base software and hardware cost savings.
Installed, setup and configured Oracle Golden Gate.
Monitored and responded to application, database and server alerts using the LogicMonitor tool.
Restored client DBs as desired to allow business analysis and research, trending and root cause analysis.
Accountable for installation and configuration of Oracle Application Server, Oracle WebLogic, Oracle Forms and Oracle reports.
Provided guidance, support, and technical leadership to junior level team members.
Applied Oracle Database quarterly patches using automated shell scripting and the Ansible Tool.
Oversaw periodic readiness testing for backup and recovery strategy reliability, performance loads, new feature upgrades, and application patching.
Administered and resolved performance issues using scripted procedures, AWR, ASH, ADDM, systems OS logging, and LogicMonitor.
Presided over 2nd shift as Subject Matter Expert to the on-call customer service, system admin, internal development, and operations teams.
Swisslog Logistics Americas, Newport News VA March 2016 - Sept. 2019
Sr. Database Administrator/ Lead DBA
Brought order and maintenance to the companies Development, Test, and Quality Assurance database servers.
Resized and refreshed on-premises environments with customer production data, employing Oracle datapump, rman and or OS clone copies.
Upgraded Oracle 11g to 12c Enterprise Edition, patching and migrating data to synchronize company and customers PLSQL and Java code application releases.
Automated database upgrade and migration processes to meet goals and objectives to migrate client infrastructures to Microsoft Azure Hybrid on premises Linux Redhat platform environments.
This afforded better customer support respective to application development (PL/SQL and Java) fixes, patch releases, system upgrades and data migrations.
Support 24x7 Oracle production operations, applications development, and client services Support for the companies Cloud IaaS platforms.
Accountable for installation and maintenance of Oracle Forms and Oracle Reports
Accountable for the logical and physical designs documentation leading to automated procedural migration of the client IBM AIX servers (Oracle 11g Enterprise Edition employed) to Microsoft Azure Hybrid Linux Red Hat 7.5, (Oracle 12c Enterprise Edition) environments for the client Warehouse Management Distribution Operations Business Centers.
Employed Oracle RMAN backup and recovery automatic shell scripts, invoked from crontab for the backup strategy. Automatic this entire migration process using shell script procedures.
Highly experienced in leading and managing teams in stressful 24/7 environments, optimizing resources utilization across projects.
Accountable for installation, configuration and support of MS SQL Server releases 2012/2014/2016 (SSMS, SSIS, SSRS and .NET) systems on Windows 2012 and 2016 Data Center servers, for company development projects and new business implementation.
Engineered, executed and reported client quarterly systems health checks, advising and or fixing issues per SLA.

Bank of America (Collabera), Charlotte NC Oct. 2015 - March 2016
Infrastructure Engineer
Accountable Infrastructure Engineer for the logical and physical design development and or upgrade of company business units computing systems across Windows, Linux, UNIX, and MS SQL Server environments.
Employed Oracle database Enterprise Edition 11g and SQL Server release 2012 (Tools and Services), respectively.

CapitalOne (Collabera) Richmond VA Nov. 2014 - July 2015
Oracle Applications Database Administrator
Accountable Application Database Administrator for the Application Retail Bank developers, testers, and data analyst teams.
Oversaw database architecture implementations, enhancements, schemas maintenance, synchronization, DDL change control, cloning, performance monitoring and tuning, across Test, Development, Quality Assurance, and Production environments employed on Unix and Linux Red Hat operating system environments.
Accountable for implementing High Availability solutions with Oracle 11g, Oracle Data Guard and Real time replication using Golden gate.
Oracle database 11G (SQL scripts, PL/SQL procedures, Data Pump), OEM 12c, JAVA application framework, Web logic and JVM Interfaces were employed.

CACI, Norfolk, VA Feb. 2014 - Aug. 2014
Oracle Database Administrator 3
Accountable for database systems software installation, upgrade, patch level release upgrade and data migration across (Production, Development, Q/A, and Test servers) for Oracle 11G Enterprise Edition architecture servers and Microsoft Windows SQL Server 2005R2/2008R2 architectures servers, for CACI Missions Solutions Services organization hosting for the DOD military client.
Developed and automated database and application maintenance service scripts and documentation procedures for (RMAN backup and recovery, application development support, application and database performance tuning, test and check out, database cloning, and change management control).

Dominion, Richmond VA Nov. 2012 - Nov. 2013
Senior Oracle Database Administrator
Accountable for providing support of multiple (100 +) Oracle Enterprise Editions release installations (8i, 9i, 10g, and 11g) stand alone, RAC, Data Guard, and Golden Gate environments, employed across Sun Solaris, Linux RedHat and Windows operating systems, within DEV, QA, and Production infrastructure environments.
Responsibilities included RMAN backup and recovery strategy maintenance, storage management, database schema security management, data objects/schema/full database update and refresh, export/import (datapump), formal change management promotion from QA to Production databases.
Performed user level auditing and security management, monitored and optimized performance issues, database upgrades, database migration, new release installation, database patching, Golden Gate data replication and a direct support interface to given business partners (internal and external).

Centech Group Corporation, Chesapeake VA Sept. 2011 - Sept. 2012
Oracle Database Administrator
Oversaw Operations and maintenance of Oracle 11g and 10g Enterprise Editions (EE) Prod, Dev, and Test databases for the United States Coast Guard (USCG) Finance Data Center.
Oversaw the Oracle E.E. databases and OBIEE application server software and hardware configurations. Employed RMAN backup and recovery, scripted migration procedures (Datapump and RMAN), applied the latest Oracle Critical and advisory patches, and performance tuning.
Change migration management promoted Dev/Test changes to Prod, Database and Application environment cloning, migration of Oracle 10g Prod servers (database and Application) to Oracle 11g servers, end user customer interfacing, problem resolution and root cause analysis, database, and application performance tuning optimization, Weblogic installation, administration and upgrade.
The infrastructure was employed across multiple platform servers (HPUX, Sun Solaris, Linux Red Hat, MS Windows servers, and SQL Servers 2003/2005R2) within Oracle standalone, RAC, Data Guard, Golden Gate, and Weblogic configuration environments.

Lockheed Martin, Norfolk VA Aug. 2009 - July 2011
Oracle Database Administrator
Accountable for the installation, upgrade, migration, and maintenance of DOD Global Force Management enterprise infrastructure (USJFCOM) application and database servers from Windows 2003/2005 to Windows 2008R2 and Sun Solaris.
Direct responsibilities involved plan, design, document, coordinate, installation, data migration, test, baseline and operational deployment of an Oracle10g application and database infrastructure.
The applications were employed on Microsoft Sun 2008R2 servers and the backend databases were deployed on Sun Solaris 10 zone partitions.
Storage subsystem deployment across ZFS storage arrays. DBA steady state task involving performance tuning, patching, monitoring, auditing, change management, problem resolution, root cause analysis, test/dev code reviews and testing, database refresh and cloning, direct interface to development engineering, vendor support, and management forces directorate.
Applied DISA STIGS to production, development and test environment to ensure DOD compliance guidelines. As well as ensured server resided in the proper network domain applicable to it operation.

ADDITIONAL RELEVANT EXPERIENCE

Eiden Systems Corporation, Richmond VA
Database Administrator Consultant

Portfolio Recovery Associates, Norfolk VA
Senior Oracle Database Administrator

Computer Science Corporation, Lanham, MD
Senior Database Administrator

Oracle Corporation, Redwood Shores, CA. 1994 - 2003
Principal Support Engineer (Oracle Worldwide Support Services)
Accountable Full Stack Oracle Support Analyst in Oracle Corporation, Oracle Worldwide Support Services,
OpenVMS Specialist team. Our eight-member team served as the core team support Oracle clients across the globe. Performing services consultation for new installations, upgrades, migrations, maintenance, problem resolution, root cause analysis, new features implementation, patch update, business and data modeling, system performance and process bottleneck, Oracle bug resolution working with Oracle Development Team on client behalf, test bed onsite reproducing of client issue for resolution and a one stop resource entity for OpenVMS client base.

Chiron Corporation, Emeryville, CA 1993 - 1994
Oracle Database Administrator
Accountable full stack Oracle Database Administrator for the companies Standalone and Oracle Parallel Servers (OPS). Installed, setup and configured OPS Architecture Infrastructure implored on OpenVMS 3000 Series Servers, Performed data and process business units requirements converting the requirements in a company Data and Process Model foot Print, built out each business unit’s object element structures and account schemas and profiles, performed test and checkout working with the application’s and end user communities, coordinated migration cutover per business unit over weekend scheduled maintenance windows which allowed for minimum down time.

Fujitsu Computer Products of America, San Jose, CA
Oracle Database Administrator
DBMS Database Administrator

Lockheed Missile and Space, Sunnyvale, CA 1985 -1990
OpenVMS Systems Administrator
Accountable for the Hardware and Software Architecture configuration of DEC VMS/VAX system series computers. Performed functions: System Data Centers coordination for hardware and software installation, projects data migration, application test and deployment, security policy and rules/roles setup, user account management, performance monitoring and maintenance, O/S upgrades, patching, backup and recovery, root cause analysis, System STIG, Scientific Programmer for Ground Base Operations, Database Development (non-relational), and Oracle RDBMS introduction for test systems.

EDUCATION

B.S., Mathematics (Computer Science minor)
Morgan State University

Numerous corporate management training, certifications and self-paced:
Oracle (RAC, OPS, RDBMS) internals, Application tuning and
Maintenance, Data Guard, Golden Gate, Load Balance, Network Clustering,
Customer Satisfaction, Quality Teamwork, Problem Resolution,
Leadership, Supervision, Management, and CMMI Level3
Ansible, VMware, Cloud Computing, Configuration Management
GitHub, SQL Server AlwaysOn
Contact this candidate