Michael Stanley

**** ******** *****
Phone: 850-***-****
Tallahassee, Florida 32303
ad3rzw@r.postjobfree.com

Career Overview

Self-motivated Technical Support Representative with 20 plus years experience. Helpdesk, system administration, Field service
.

Work Experience

TEKsystems/AGFG Feb 2023 to Present

Systems administrator service and repair company computers, Azure, AD, helpdesk, Remote support, printers, phone systems and general Building maintenance, remote and in-house helpdesk support

Decision One/Xerox September 2016 to Feb 2023

Field Service and repair of Xerox printers and copier’s production and mid-size
150 miles service area

Guardian interlock October 2014 to Sept 2016

Install, monitor, and remove driver safe start systems for the Florida DUI drivers system. Maintain office
And shop, setup customer return schedule, test and maintain vehicles electrical system and safe
Start units

Homes and Land INC July 2006 to October 2014

SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR

Tallahassee, FL

Served as operating system expert "WINDOWS, UNIX, MAC". Provided senior technical support to both in-house IS staff and Remote Franchise sites for all Computer and network applications. Backup and recovery, Samsung Phone systems. Email administrator active Directory administration. Cabling for network security cameras. Computers and Press equipment

Fringe Benefits Management Company November 2005 to July 2006

Help Desk

Tallahassee, fl

MIS/Helpdesk support, active directory user and machine maintenance, rebuild work stations, printer and scanner repair and setup, troubleshot and software loads

DOH State of Florida March 2005 to November 2005

System administrator

MIS/Helpdesk support, active directory user and machine maintenance, rebuild servers and work stations, printer and scanner repair and set up, troubleshot and software loads

Mainline Information Systems July 2000 to November 2004

Infrastructure support engineer

Tallahassee, Florida

Windows, UNIX. AIX, Solaris, Loading operating systems, manipulating file structure
helpdesk/phone/onsite support, building and supporting users, backups and restorations,
to be standalone, system servers and web servers Performed hardware/software installation and
troubleshooting activities as Internet,e-Commerce and helpdesk/desktop support and Network
Support. Evaluated and installed new software releases and system upgrades. Evaluated and
installed patches, and resolved software-related Problems. Performed backups and recovery.
Maintained data files and monitored system configuration to ensure data Developed,
implemented, and maintained firewall security technologies. Defined network security issues
developed plans and procedures, and ensured safety
and privacy of internet and intranet sites. Established, maintained, and modified user profiles and
other access controls. Systems used included UNIX "AIX, Solaris" Windows
Promoted to full technical Management of the major corporate account.

Alpha Data Systems April 1994 to July 2000

System Administrator

Tallahassee, Florida

Repaired and maintained all company computer systems "desktop,server,helpdesk,remote". Implemented Y2K operating system and security patches for 48 different customers from mobile home companies to medical companies. Traveled extensively conducting on-site visits and maintenance. Supervised professional staff of three. Managed scheduling, oversaw activities, and conducted performance evaluations. Performed service contract administration. Systems included IBM RISC 6000, AIX, Windows, Novell Netware, SCO-Unix, Linux, Versyss and Contel UNIX based systems.
Okidata and Versyss printers. Assumed

Service manager supervised staff of 3 in addition to systems administrator duties.

Office Systems Consultants September 1992 to April 1994

Systems Administrator

Tallahassee, Florida

Installed, set up, and repaired Canon, Minolta, and Micro Image microfiche reader-printers and
cameras for numerous contacts. Trained multiple users, including state agency representatives, on use servicing of equipment. Served as technical consultant for sales staff and ad hoc technical adviser for multiple state offices while conducting service calls. Systems included Canon and Minolta optical disc systems, and associated computer components. v Requested technical consultant for over 20 sales meetings and negotiations.

Seminole Office Products June 1990 to September 1992

Electronic technician

Tallahassee, Florida

Duties include service and repair of IBM, Compaq and compatible computers, IBM, HP, and Canon laser jet printers, and IBM, Xerox, Sharp, and Silver Reed typewriters and printers.

Young’s office products March 1990 to June 1990

Service Tech

Tallahassee, Florida

Repaired systems and conducted on-site service and installation visits. Systems included IBM, Compaq and compatible computers, IBM, HP, and Canon laser jet printers, and IBM, Xerox, Sharp, and Silver Reed typewriters and printers.

American computers June 1989 to March 1990

Service manager/service tech

Tampa, Florida

Build custom computers, troubleshoot and repair onsite and over phone, taking orders, packing, and shipping

Phillips circuit assembly January 1988 to June 1989

Dock manager

Tampa, Florida

Ensured products moved from the dock to the plant in a timely order, check in, inventory, packing, shipping, and supervised staff of 6

USAF January 1986 to June 1987

Electronic warfare systems administrator

Biloxi, Mississippi

Airman working with all electronic warfare systems

Education and Training

United Electronics Institute January 1988 to June 1989

Electronics Technology

AS

Tampa, Florida, us
Contact this candidate