SKILLS SUMMARY:
Knowledge of the following operating systems and networks: Windows 7, 8, 10 32/64 bit, Windows Server 2012 R2, 2016 R2, 2019 R2, clustered and high availability) server running RAID 5, 10, 50 Windows 7 Pro, 8.1, 10 Pro, Win PE, AS/400, IBM 4690 OS, UNIX, wireless networking, standard cable networking and fiber, Token-Ring and networking hardware Cisco switches and routers:
Email servers: Microsoft Exchange 2016- 2019, Zebra.
Microsoft Active Directory 2003, 2008, 2016. 2019
RSA public key cryptosystems with Radius connection to Access Control Systems (ACS).
Terminal Access Controller Access Control System (TACACS).
SolarWinds server administration.
Ivanti Patch for Endpoint Manager 2019.1.
Microsoft SQL 2008, SQL 2014, SQL 2019.
Storage solutions SAN and NAS, including Pivot3, Vess Raid.
Vulnerability Scanning, including Nessus.
Office tools and remote support tools: Microsoft Office 2000–2019 Suite, RDP, SAP (client-side), Terminal Server, Citrix, PC Anywhere, WinRop. Team Viewer.
In-depth troubleshooting or multifaceted complex issues.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Bonneville Power Administration (contractor) Apr. 2012 to Nov. 2023
ACS Professional Staffing Sr. Systems Administrator III (2022 to 2023)
Flux Resources LLC Sr. Systems Administrator III (2017 to 2022)
David Evans & Associates Electronics Engineer ll (2012 to 2017)
Architect implemented, administer and management of RSA token appliance with (TACACS)/Radius infrastructure systems and assist with client 2-factor authentication for the TTC BPA network. Patch RSA deployments to mitigate system vulnerabilities and ensure 99.9999% uptime.
Architect implemented all 7 SolarWinds deployments in the control centers ensuring security compliance policies with standards. Patch SolarWinds deployments to mitigate system vulnerabilities and ensure 99.9999% uptime.
Followed DHS directive to shut down all SolarWinds deployment in the control centers. Following new security guidelines architect and implemented all 7 SolarWinds deployments to meet the new security posture. Rebuild the Node database with SQL team to ensure visibility to OOB Control Center nodes and BPA TNMS fields nodes for Cisco node managing and security.
Documenting the new systems, I have worked on the development and deployment to ensure fellow staff can reproduce the same results in deploying or working with the application in a day-to-day operation role while ensuing the Critical Infrastructure Protection with respect to the CIP compliance standards. are strictly adhered to. This includes developing and documenting procedures and managing the changing requirements to ensure the applications work as designed. Procuring, author, manage all the documentation maintaining file records in accordance with the Information Governance & Lifecycle Management (IGLM) standards and procedures.
Architect and implemented SolarWinds VQRM for monitoring Pantel network connection from DITT Control Center to the DCC Control Center. Utilized by Realtime Operation critical voice communications.
Monitor and manage the care and feeding of the SQL server 2008, 2016, 2019 Databases they are the core of the monitoring and logging applications.
Core member of the Cybersecurity Manual Patch Discovery team for TTO, this includes all discovery of non-automated patch items and creating and processing Evaluation, Planning and Mitigation tickets and working with system owners on required Request for Change (RFC) tickets.
Monitor and manage the IIS and the secure connections to ensure Engineers, Craftsman, and fellow developers have uninterrupted access to the applications.
Monitor and evaluate all software updates and patches for the vendor’s applications as to the relevance to the BPA Control Centers environments.
Train users on the usage of the applications and co-lead the User Groups to bottom out on the changes the user needs and what changes can be made to make the tool easier for the use.
Monitor for changes to the Access Database that manages Patch Endpoint Manager making all needed changes to enable Ivanti Patch Management to be compliant.
Manage vendor relations and communication to ensure BPA has an excellent working relationship.
Recommend applications and design configuration providing advice and recommendations for process / procedural changes that may become necessary due to system changes, upgrades, etc. to appropriate BPA manager / team lead / BPA stakeholders.
Keep member in building vertical environment “Test” application server and test required changes in the application suite and supporting environment to ensure all bugs are vetted before installing in the production environment.
Communicate any crucial changes to the application resource to the Resource owner.
Key contributor to the TTO Patch Management process and monthly Patch vulnerability manual scan. Ensuring all Resource Managed are informed by the Change Gear ticketing system of and vulnerability patches that have been discovered.
Respond to help desk client support calls utilizing change management software to process and complete the tasks necessary for resolution of technical client issues. Typically, the issues presented are complex in nature and require involvement of the appropriate BPA manager or team leaders.

Northwest Container Services Aug. 2009 to Mar. 2012
Network /Systems Administrator
Create documentation for Help Desk and internal staff for supporting remote and on-site clients.
Build and documented Servers running Windows 2003, 2008 32 and 64Bit R2 on RAID 10 and 50, Clustered Server, PCs, wireless Handheld Terminals configuration.
Manage Active Directory environment.
Built and Manage Windows System Update Server (WSUS).
Administrator of SharePoint server.
Managed mail server and client software.
Added in cut-over and supported Microsoft Exchange 2010 e-mail server. Created all support documentation and developed cut-cover schedule. Insured all user’s implementation as properly completed.
Cut-over and supported Zebra email server. Created all support documentation and developed cut -cover schedule. Insured all user’s implementation as properly completed.
Perform daily backed up critical Unix and SQL database and manage all user accounts.
Procured, configured, installed, and maintained McAfee web and email web appliance.
Installed SAN DFS-R network backup servers and managed Symantec Backup Exec server backup process convention and daily monitoring of data backup process.
Managed and supported convention from MS Office Professional 2003 to 2007.
Primary support role for on-site and remote users.
Design future wireless networks for installations.
SQL database administrator... writing queries for automated reporting for customers.
Manage network cabling (fiber, standard cabled, and wireless) and server room environment.
Webmaster, keeping the company website and accurate (www.nwcontainer.com).
Monitor security systems and backup all recorded data.
Perform quarterly disaster recovery audit.
Procure and manage vendors in day-to-day operations.
Procure server, PC, network hardware, cabling, network storage media.
Performed forensics on dismissed employee computers and delivered all data that was in breach of company policy to senior management.

Nike Incorporated Feb.1997 to Aug. 2008
Sr. IT Operations & Technical/Networking Engineer
Created documentation for Help Desk and internal staff for supporting remote and on-site clients.
Imaged and configured 17 iMacs that I deployed to Nike Retail store and Nike Town stores, traveled to the stores, and installed iMacs and ensured network connectivity and user functionality.
Supported Server conversion from Physical to Virtual for Data Center true-up initiative.
Supported Remote servers with Windows Terminal Server, supported remote PC and laptops with Vertical Privet Network, PC Anywhere, supported Remote iMacs with Nano nation and managed the Nano nation database.
Supported remote users account related issues with Active Directory 2003.
Supported remote servers and PC with the following operating systems Windows NT, 2000, XP.
Supported remote and on-site users with MS Office 2000 and 2003.
Part of the Nike Retail Global Store initiative team. This included upgrading, Installing, and supported network hardware such as wiring, Cisco switches, Routers and Symbol wireless access points. Symbol wireless handheld terminals, in new PC,ores and managed the health of the network, server, PC and wireless hardware performed basic and advance diagnostics troubleshooting for all hardware.
Supported Wireless and wired Networks, Fiber for LAN issues like DNS server issues, DHCP challenges and WAN related issues, and worked with vendors like AT&T, Grande Communications, and other smaller vendors to restore WAN connections.
Supported Network Protocols such as TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, and Netbui in troubleshooting communications issues.
Managed Projects for Nike US stores for critical projects.
Managed vendors in day-to-day operations, through quarterly and multiyear projects.
Key contributor for monitoring and reporting of daily, weekly, and yearly Sarbanes-Oxley Act compliance to upper management.
Co-created the automated process that collects, verifies, encrypts, and delivers Payroll files for Nike Retail stores.
Core Team member that weekly monitored system critical logs as part of the Sarbanes Oxley Act.
Supported Nike Retail stores in the capacity of level 2 support (24 hours a day, 7 days a week).
Supported Satellite connection testing for HughesNet for Nike Data screens for future Retail Stores.
Conducted weekly Production Turnover meeting for all proposed changes for both hardware and software to be deployed to all Nike Retail US stores and corporate systems. Ensured all IT upper management and fellow team players had access to the agenda and the results of the weekly meeting.
Co-administered the Remote ware servers for Nike Retail for 3 years, developed and maintained code, ensured all code was tested and verified before being placed in the production environment.
Installed and configured the following software on on-site systems and unitized for field systems support: Citrix, VNC, PC Anywhere, SAP clients, WinRop, Remote ware client.
3 years’ experience managing all telecommunications hardware and circuits for Nike Retail US stores.
A 6-year strong standing member of Nike’s sustainability team (currently called the “Green Team”). Co-developed innovative sustainable practices that are utilized throughout Nike North America.

EDUCATION:
B.S., Business Management
Oregon State University

TRAINING:
Franklin Covey Co.
o7-Habits of Highly Effective People, Franklin Covey
oAdvanced 7-Habits of Highly Effective People, Franklin Covey
Microsoft
oMicrosoft MCP.
American Red Cross
oFirst Aid and CPR certified, Red Cross
US Department of Energy
o2023 Distracted Driving
o2022 COOP Awareness HRmis Name 013090
o2023 NERC CIP HRmis Name 013080
o2022 Hazardous Communication HRmis 001295
o2023 Information Protection
o2021 DOE Annual Cyber Security (Order 205.1B)
o2021 DISA Phishing Awareness
o2021 Privacy Awareness Course
o2021 Annual Cybersecurity Awareness Training (Cyber Awareness Challenge 2.0) Course

FEMA Unmanned Aerial Systems pilot
o2019 UAS 364
o2019 UAS 365
Texas A&M Engineering Extension Service
oThe EOC’s Role in Community Cybersecurity
oEssentials of Community Cybersecurity
Civil Air Patrol (UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AUXILARY)
oRank 2nd Lt
o2018 Senior Officers Training
o2017 Mission Scanner
o2018 Garmin Flight Systems G1000

CERTIFICATIONS:
CompTIA +Security Certification (in progress)
Contact this candidate