Last Updated: November ****
Name:
Gurminder Kaur
Position:
Systems Administrator
Security Clearance:
TS/SCI
Years of Professional Experience:
* +
Formal Education:
MS Information Technology, 2010 Panjab University, India
BS Information Technology, 2007, Sikkim Manipal University
Professional Certifications / Licenses:
Microsoft Azure Administrator Associate Certified – February 2023
CompTIA Security+ ce (SYO-601) Certified – April 2022

Experience / Capabilities Summary:

5+ years of technical experience as a Systems Administrator and Software Developer. Experience supporting M365 applications, MS Azure Active Directory, MS Active Directory, Amazon Web Services and ServiceNow.

System Administration Technical Skills:
Cloud Applications: ServiceNow, MS Azure, AWS, M365, VMware.
Operating Systems: Windows, MAC, Linux (Basic Understanding)
SDLC Methodologies: Agile, Scrum.

Experience:
Systems Administrator, Obscurity Labs, November 2023 – Present

Performing Systems Administration activities for Windows Desktop and Server Operating Systems within the organization’s environment.
Responsible for Installing, Managing, and Upgrading Windows-Based Systems and Servers.
Managed Data Security, Configuring User Access, Analyzing, Troubleshooting and Tuning performance parameters in the Windows environment. And Maintaining the Stability of the System.
Proficient in creating Windows Virtual Server using AWS EC2 cloud platform and installing the required software.
Actively used AWS Management Console, Amazon Route 53 Web Service to perform Domain Registration, DNS Routing, Certificate validation and Health Checking.
Extensively used O365 Admin Portal to Manage and configure the Office 365 environment, including Exchange Server, SharePoint, Teams and other O365 applications.
Provided Online Technical Troubleshoot support for issues on Windows 10, Azure Virtual Desktop, Operating Systems, and O365 related issues.
Created, modified, and troubleshooted GPOs to control the access of network resources using Microsoft Group Policy Management Console.
Highly skilled in using MS Active Directory to create and manage user accounts and control access to resources on various networks. For example, creating/updating User’s Accounts, providing memberships, creating shared mailboxes and distribution lists, storing network resources, etc.
Supported DHCP Server Management including creating /updating DHCP scopes, adding reservations, performing DHCP Servers synchronization, etc.
Experience with installing, troubleshooting, and managing the File & Print services.
Actively worked on identifying technical risks and risk mitigation strategies to create a secure network environment.
Expert in following Cyber Security Procedures and Policies respective to the Department’s Compliance Policies.
Participated in Scrum meetings and worked using Agile Management System.
Experience working with JIRA Management tool for managing Sprints, backlogs, etc.
Provided Instant Desktop Support to internal/external customers online and over the phone for Microsoft server and desktop operating systems, and hardware.

Systems Engineer, NT Concepts, June 2022 – October 2023
Performed Systems Engineering and Administration activities for Windows Desktop and Server Operating Systems within the Open-Source Network (OSN) environment.
Responsible for Installing, Managing, and Upgrading Windows-Based Systems and Servers.
Managed Data Security, Configuring User Access, Analyzing, Troubleshooting and Tuning performance parameters in the Windows environment. And Maintaining the Stability of the System.
Proficient in creating Windows Virtual Server using AWS EC2 cloud platform and installing the required software.
Actively used AWS Management Console, Amazon Route 53 Web Service to perform Domain Registration, DNS Routing, Certificate validation and Health Checking.
Extensively used O365 Admin Portal to Manage and configure the Office 365 environment, including Exchange Server, SharePoint, Teams and other O365 applications.
Provided Online Technical Troubleshoot support for issues on Windows 10, Azure Virtual Desktop, Operating Systems, and O365 related issues.
Using Microsoft Azure Portal for deploying, administering, and monitoring Azure solutions as well as the storage, identity, governance, virtual networks, and computing of the cloud infrastructure.
Securing and configuring Azure services to meet the desired security level and the needs of the organization.
Created, modified, and troubleshooted GPOs to control the access of network resources using Microsoft Group Policy Management Console.
Highly skilled in using MS Active Directory to create and manage user accounts and control access to resources on various networks. For example, creating/updating User’s Accounts, providing memberships, creating shared mailboxes and distribution lists, storing network resources, etc.
Supported DHCP Server Management including creating /updating DHCP scopes, adding reservations, performing DHCP Servers synchronization, etc.
Participated in issuing and managing the External and Internal SSL certificates using Microsoft Certificate Authority services.
Experience with installing, troubleshooting, and managing the File & Print services.
Actively worked on identifying technical risks and risk mitigation strategies to create a secure network environment.
Expert in following Cyber Security Procedures and Policies respective to the Department’s Compliance Policies.
Participated in Scrum meetings and worked using Agile Management System.
Responsible for handling User Experience Improvement Engineering projects, for example: partnering with development team to enhance the User Experience for ticket Submissions in ServiceNow regarding various requests which significantly reduced the time for resolving a Ticket request.
Created Online Documentation for the Wiki page for users on the public side and for the individual teams on the private side for information and training purposes which reduced the daily issues by 10%.
Experience working with JIRA Management tool for managing Sprints, backlogs, etc.
Provided Instant Desktop Support to internal/external customers online and over the phone for Microsoft server and desktop operating systems, and hardware.

System Administrator II/Service Now Queue Manager, General Dynamics, December 2021 – June 2022

Involved in using ServiceNow – Cloud Based IT Service Management System to process and catalog customer service requests and dealing with incidents, change requirements, troubleshooting, and other services.
Install, monitor, and provide support of functions of Citrix System and associated ecosystem and related applications directly or with the team.
Review ticketing and monitoring dashboards for timely assignment of tickets as a Queue Manager.
Performing all the Account modifications for the Users including the New Account creation process (Transfer, Update, Modify) using the MS Azure Active Directory.
Administer O365 environment and setup of Multi-factor Authentications for Account Security. Re-setting of the credentials in accordance with cyber security procedures.
Communicating with the Clients to understand their requirements, needs and expectations to troubleshoot, escalate, and/or resolve tickets within defined SLAs.
Perform setup and updates for desktop and mobile applications on laptops and mobile devices.
Support system installations, problem solving and testing to ensure the availability, validity, and reliability of the networks.
Actively involved in training the user on new applications introduced by the organization.

System Administrator II, Digital Management LLC, April 2021 – November 2021

Involved in using Cloud System ServiceNow – IT Service Management System to process and catalog customer service requests and dealing with incidents, changes, problems, and other services.
Involved in Reviewing ticketing and monitoring dashboards for timely assignment of tickets.
Actively involved in Completing the Tasks assigned by the Manager on Daily basis within the Time Frame and reaching the weekly goals successfully.
Communicating with the Clients to understand their requirements, needs and expectations to troubleshoot, escalate, and/or resolve tickets within defined SLAs.
Expertise in O365 Administration and setting up of Multi-factor Authentications for the User’s Account.
Updating Desktop and Mobile applications on Laptop and Cell phone for the User, assuring that it is working properly.
Actively involved in Training the User for the New Applications introduced by the Organization.
Performing all the Account modifications for the Users including the New Account creation process (Transfer, Update, Modify) using the MS Azure Active Directory.
Handling the Front Desk Operations including Online and telephone Customer Services.
Providing Excellent and Satisfactory Customer Services.

IT Administrator, Fairfax County Department of Taxation, October 2016 – March 2017

Used DTA Software Application to ensure Quality Customer Service and Data Entry.
Answered Phone calls and Assisted clients with questions regarding tax, preparation for property and vehicle.
Directing Taxpayer calls to respective departments.
Reviewing taxes paid and cross-checking the documentation for any errors.
Documentation of New registration of the vehicles.
Returning calls to the taxpayers to answer their questions and resolve their issues and concerns.
Part of the meetings, being held for improving Customer Service.

UI Developer, American Express, October 2015 – March 2016

Served as a core member of an Agile Team that drove User Story Analysis and Elaboration, Designed and Developed Software Applications.
Performed hands-on Software and Strategy Development, typically spending most time writing code, doing
proof of concepts, conducting code reviews, and testing in ongoing Sprints.
Performed ongoing Refactoring of code, Utilized Visualization, and other techniques to fast-track concepts, and delivered continuous Improvement.
Developed Deep Understanding of Integrations with other Systems and platforms within the supported domains.
Worked with Technical Product Managers contributing to blueprints and assisted with Annual Planning of feature sets.
Identified Opportunities for adopting new technology to solve existing needs and predicting future
challenges.
Managed my own team and worked well both independently and as part of a team.
Worked closely with Back-end and other Front-end Engineers to implement versatile solutions to tricky Web development problems.
Embraced emerging Standards while promoting best practices to push the limits of what a browser can do.
Identified opportunities to adopt Innovative technologies.

.Net Developer, Alpha Net Technologies, March 2011 – February 2013

Analyzed Customer Requirements and documented them in the form of User-Stories.
Involved in designing and development of a Customer Relationship Management System using Technologies: Visual Studio 2010 and .Net Framework 2011.
Designed multi-browser compatible pages using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Created Databases using SQL Server 2005 that were representing and supportive of Business processes.
Contact this candidate