JAMES LEE
Jacksonville, FL 952-***-**** ad481j@r.postjobfree.com
HELP DESK SPECIALIST
Recognized as an eminently qualified, empathetic, enthusiastic, and good-natured technical support professional with the advanced ability to work well with a diversity of people. Skilled in diagnosing, troubleshooting, updating, and repairing a myriad of hardware, software, and systems issues. Self-trained with the capability to research and provide solutions. Possesses account maintenance, complex problem-solving, interviewing, and sales staff support expertise. Sophisticated computer, Microsoft O365 Suite, Network and Server experience. Adept at training, motivating, and mentoring technical support team members. Known for leading and supporting with empathy. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills used to interact with a diverse user base, at all levels of an organization. Able to work well remotely, or in corporate environments.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Empathetic Technical Support Customer/Corporate Service Hardware/Software Support
Team Training/Mentorship Windows OS Anti-Virus Support
Insightful Azure Active Directory & AD Exchange Admin center
Creative O365/ O365 Admin center LAN/WAN Support
Versatile Team/Operations Leadership Internet Protocols NOTABLE ACHIEVEMENTS & CERTRIFICATONS
Direct experience providing technical support for the deaf, legally blind, other impairments and disabilities.
Training IT staff and interns
CCNA Network + iNet + CIW
LinkedIn Certifications: Root Causes Analysis Develop Critical Thinking, Decision-Making, and Problem solving skills VoIP and Unified Communications Endra ID basics Azure Fundamentals Administering Office 365 and Intune
Communicating with Emotional Intelligence Implementing Group Policy MacOS for IT Administrators Salesforce Essentials Power Automate Essentials SharePoint Essentials Power BI Essential Windows 11 for IT support PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
ITEL Laboratories INC., Jacksonville, FL Senior Help Desk Analyst 08/2021 – Present
As the first POC on the ITSD, manage/mitigate incoming support issues using advanced troubleshooting and analysis, employ Jira or ConnectWise to open, track, resolve, and close tickets. Primary focus is level 2 or higher tickets.
Administer Active Directory, Azure AD and O365 Admin center on multiple domains to create, alter, and remove accounts, reset passwords, grant rights, manage security groups and distribution groups.
Administer Exchange Server by adding/removing, troubleshooting accounts, guest accounts, and distribution lists.
Administer Microsoft Teams by adding, deleting, and troubleshooting channels, groups, and users.
Administer SharePoint and OneDrive permissions, access, sharing and troubleshooting.
Adding or updating permissions on servers using AzMan
Provide support for Microsoft and Apple OS systems, Microsoft Office 2003 - O365, Visio, OneNote, Project, Plivo, Power apps, Tasks, Publisher, Power BI, Teams, Todo, Lens, Edge, Chrome for Business, and Firefox.
Administer Bitbucket, Atlassian (Jira\Confluence), Firebase, iTunes, and Google Play by adding, troubleshooting, and removing accounts.
Install, Diagnose, Inventory and support. MiFi hotspots, Mobile phones, and devices
Tasked with imaging and inventorying, using Reftab, new/used computer hardware and recycling old equipment.
Utilize remote tools such as Atera with splash top to remotely troubleshoot, repair, upgrade systems, deploy software, troubleshoot, and guide users and run reports.
Troubleshoot and repair hardware, HDD/SDD, memory upgrades, MOBO replacement, battery replacements, and screen replacement for brands including, Dell, HP, Microsoft etc.
Setup, install and troubleshoot lab equipment, including scales, spectrometer, scopes, and other lab equipment.
Writing technical KB articles for the knowledge base in Confluence
Administer Adobe accounts and assign, install, and troubleshoot Adobe Acrobat Pro, Standard, Creative Cloud, XD
Troubleshoot and reset Citrix and Microsoft VDI session.
Support and troubleshooting of FortiClient VPN and Citrix VPN
Setup, reset and troubleshoot Multiform authentication (MFA) with Microsoft and Duo.
Connect/test IP, and USB printers and scanners such as Cannon, HP, Xerox, Zebra and Dymo label printers.
Administer 8x8 and Genesys VOIP by adding, removing, troubleshooting, and acquiring phone numbers. Lutheran Social Services of MN, Saint Paul, MN Help Desk Specialist 04/2007 – 07/2021 JAMES LEE 952-***-**** ad481j@r.postjobfree.com Page 2
As the first POC on the ITSD, manage/mitigate incoming support issues using advanced troubleshooting and analysis, employ ServiceNow to open, track, resolve, and close tickets.
Tasked with imaging and inventorying new/used computers and recycle old equipment, utilize remote tools such as, Simple Help, Splash Top, LogMeIn Rescue, MS Quick Assist, and TeamViewer to remotely repair systems.
Provide support for Windows and Mac OS, Microsoft Office 2003 -O365, Project, Visio, OneNote, Project, and Publisher, install and support OneDrive, CrashPlan backup clients/services, and install, configure, update, and troubleshoot drivers/firmware.
Install, Diagnose, and support Teams, Webex, Zoom, Skype, Skype for Business, and Meet, Internet browsers and addons for Edge, IE, Chrome for Business, and Firefox, and iOS and Android for mobile devices.
Troubleshoot and repair hardware HDD/SDD, memory upgrades, MOBO replacements, and screen replacement for brands including Gateway, Dell, Lenovo, Microsoft etc.
Effectively use Active Directory/Azure to create, alter, and remove accounts, reset passwords, grant rights, manage security/system groups, and map drives. Setup, reset and support MFA.
Connect/test IP, USB, and Wi-Fi printers and scanners such as Ricoh, Cannon, HP, Brother, and Xerox.
Charged with supporting ESET, Kaspersky, Sophos, McAfee, Microsoft Defender, and Malwarebytes, repair/remove viruses, rootkits, trojans, and malware.
Instruct users about handling Phishing, Vishing, SPAM, and social engineering techniques.
Install images using SCCM and Clonezilla. Support Direct Access and Dell Sonic VPN.
Setup/support small office and home office networks using routers, switches, LAN, Wi-Fi, and MiFi. US Internet Minnetonka, MN, Help Desk Tech Support Specialist 2 07/2003 – 11/2003
• Handle incoming support issues level 1-3 from clients via phone or email then troubleshooting, analyzing, resolving, and tracking.
• Support and troubleshooting of ISDN, DSL, and DUN connectivity issues. Including port forwarding and host mapping
• Direct customers in the set-up of WAN/LAN configurations on routers
• Support of Windows NT4.0 - 2003 Servers. Support, Setup and Removal of Email, FTP, Websites and Domains.
• Adding, changing, transferring, and removing DNS records.
• Monitor local and off-site client’s clients with mission-critical Networks, Servers, and Services.
• Overall Security of NOC and Data centers.
• Monitor and tracking of Data center conditions for problems with temperature, humidity, and work with senior team to implement necessary corrective actions.
• Monitor Data Center infrastructure (A/C units, UPS', Generators and Fire Protection Systems)
• Add, change, and remove subdomains, MX, and other DNS records.
• Check domains for blacklisting of email domains.
• Worked on SWIP project with ARIN for the allocation of netblocks.
• Direct customers in the setup of browsers, email clients, FTP clients, Zstorage, etc. Best Buy Corporate/Pomeroy, Bloomington, MN Deployment Operations Analysis Level 3 2005 – 2007
• Directing technicians in the installation or troubleshooting of Servers, Registers, Workstation, Kiosk, Gaming PCs on NT 4, XP and 2003 operating systems.
• Directing technicians or Geek Squad in imaging / re-imaging, configuring, moving, adding and changes of Servers, Registers, Workstation, Kiosk, Gaming PC’s, and IP printer setup via VNC, Telnet, creating boot disks or network boot.
• Supporting and tracking technicians in over 800 stores nationwide. Assisting in ordering, shipping, relaying instruction, and escalation issues to 3rd party vendors or project seniors for multiple projects.
• Instructing, assisting in testing with technicians on VLAN arrangement, port assignment, phone extension, patch panel assignment, and testing of IP, wireless and wired phone equipment, and auto attendant system and fax lines.
• Instructing, testing assisting in installing with technicians the video servers and their connection to the head end.
• Instructing, assisting technicians, Geek Squad, or store personnel in testing, or adjusting systems BIOS and office and management applications.
OTHER EXPERIENCE
System Administrator, Payspan, INC./Vanco, Jacksonville, FL Customer Service Representative/Universal Agent, Time Warner Cable/ Spherion, Minneapolis, MN IT Support Specialist 2, Echelon Telecommunications, Inc., Minneapolis, MN EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Coursework, Electronic Engineering, DeVry University, Lombard, IL
Contact this candidate