Mark R Campbell
Email: ad4dmt@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: 512-***-****

Summary:
Experienced senior technical consultant and systems administrator with a focus on server and cloud platforms, particularly in Linux and UNIX environments. Skilled in both proprietary enterprise solutions and open source systems. Dedicated to implementation of technology solutions that drive business goals and meet customer needs.

Experience:

Sr. Systems Administrator - Judge Group @ Charles Schwab (06/21 – 09/23) - Austin, TX
Assigned to the Hosted Services build team, deploying RHEL 7 & 8 in both VMware and physical Dell hardware environments for Charles Schwab financial systems.
Conducted system administration and troubleshooting for bare metal and Vmware RHEL builds, such as AD joins, SAN connectivity configuration, LVM adds and expansions, network and VLAN connectivity issues, etc.

Systems Administrator III - Lifesize / Serenova (05/19 – 06/21) - Austin, TX
Coordinated the build and management of RHEL 5, 6 & 7 physical and virtual machines hosted in Ovirt and VMware systems.
Led migrations of Gemalto i450 SafeNet appliances to KeySecure k450 infrastructure across 4 global data centers.
Deployed AWS Storage Gateway for data migration to AWS S3 for full integration of AWS for secure storage of customer data.
Prepared for the migration of systems from New York data center to Las Vegas facility, followed by relocation to AWS.

Linux Systems Engineer – Zentek Infosoft / CenturyLink @ US Army (12/18 – 05/19) - JBSA Fort Sam Houston
Managed and remediated any issues with RHEL 6 & 7 virtual machines hosted in VMware / Vsphere.
Ensured system security and hardening according to DoD DISA STIG criteria using SCAP tools.
Completed certification for Tenable.sc (Security Center) for DoD environments.
Completed e-QIP for Public Trust certification.

Linux Systems Engineer - Optomi (03/18 – 12/18) - Austin, TX
Managed RHEL and CentOS 7 virtual machines hosted on VMware / Vsphere infrastructure.
Executed data extraction and transfer from physical media to digital storage by re-purposing existing hardware and writing shell scripts to automate processes, greatly reducing expense of time and capital.
Deployed a three-node ESXi environment connected to EMC Unity SAN storage via Brocade DS300 FC switching.

Cyber Security Engineer - Defense Point Security (05/17 – 09/17) - Austin, TX
Participated in consultant training for Splunk Enterprise software, earning Splunk User certification.

Senior Migration Architect - Red River Computer Company (05/16 – 12/16) - Austin, TX
Designed, tested, and deployed Red Hat Linux virtual machines in VMware ESXi.
Implemented a Splunk test environment for monitoring and reporting on various systems.

Linux Systems Engineer - Dynamo LLC (08/15 – 05/16) - Austin, TX
Managed CentOS 6.x virtual machines in VMware / Vsphere.
Built a test environment for system user management using Ansible with playbooks and CyberArk.
Conducted Linux patch management via BigFix.

Eucalyptus Cloud Professional Services Consultant - HP Helion (HPE) (11/14 – 06/15) - Austin, TX
Provided professional consulting services for the Eucalyptus open source platform, which offered on-premise and hosted cloud solutions compatible with Amazon Web Services.

Linux Systems Engineer - Apex (04/12 – 06/14) - Austin, TX

Project: Dell - Linux Systems Migration Team Lead
Lead Linux systems engineer for internal Dell storage migration project, involving the movement of ~400 systems from EMC to Compellent storage.

Project: HealthTronics - Linux Systems Migration Consultant / Engineer
Responsible for planning and migration of live physical RHEL environment to virtual (VMware) Ubuntu platform, preserving user functionality for several hundred accounts and all associated medical data. Migration also included the integration of the platform into the existing corporate Microsoft Windows Server environment.

Project: Texas Railroad Commission - SME / Consultant
Engaged as a technical Subject Matter Expert responsible for conducting current state analysis in the Railroad Commission's' Information Technology Modernization Project (ITMP). I provided delivery of technical assessment documentation to RRC project management team.

Project: Texas Department of Transportation - Senior Systems Analyst
Conducted deployment, configuration, troubleshooting, and systems management of SuSE Linux, and Microsoft Windows physical and virtual systems images hosted on VMware. I also managed numerous physical to virtual conversions of legacy MS Windows and Linux hosts to VMware virtual machines.

Project: Advanced Micro Devices - IT Architect
Managed the design and delivery of enterprise compute solutions for internal AMD customers based on existing infrastructure available to the design group. These solutions included both physical and virtual options on HP and Dell server and storage platforms.

IT Architect / Enterprise Storage Consultant - IBM Corporation (5/06 – 2/12)
Responsible for the execution of professional consulting projects specifically targeting enterprise complexity mitigation, ROI analysis, and documentation of best practices in management of data storage environments.
Special assignment projects assigned during my employment included test and deployment of distributed storage (XIV and SONAS). I conducted consulting engagements for configuration of host platforms including AIX, RHEL, and Solaris. Consulting provided for conducting data migrations, and configuration of iSCSI connectivity.
Education:
Associate of Applied Science - ITT, 1995
Major: Electronics Engineering Technology (EET)
Studies: Discrete component electronics, circuit design, x86 systems architecture, technical writing and presentation skills.

Military Service:
United States Navy - USS Kidd (DDG-993), 1984-88
Machinery Repairman (MR3)
Recipient of the Navy Achievement Medal and awarded USS Kidd command Sailor of the Quarter.

Technical Skills:
Hardware Systems (Server): Dell PowerEdge, HP ProLiant
Hardware Systems (Storage): HP Storageworks, NetApp, EMC, IBM XIV and SoNAS Storage
Operating Systems: RHEL, Debian/Ubuntu, SuSE, Solaris, HP/UX
Virtualization (Hypervisor): QEMU KVM, VMWare ESXi, Xen
Virtualization (Container): LXC, Docker
Systems Tools & Applications: Shell (bash, sh), git, slack, Jira/Confluence, Splunk, LAMP, Samba, LDAP, editing and re-use of Ansible playbooks
Certifications: Splunk User, Tenable.sc (Security Center)
Network Systems: Fiber Channel, iSCSI, Ethernet

www.linkedin.com/in/mark-campbell-7560782
Contact this candidate