Page * *
Stephen Odanga
IT Manager\Sr. Systems Administrator
ad4ez0@r.postjobfree.com • 818-***-****
LinkedIn • Winnetka, CA, 91306, US
Highly skilled IT Manager with extensive experience in system administration and senior-level technical leadership roles. Proficient in managing complex IT environments, leading teams, and implementing strategic solutions to drive organizational success. Proven track record of optimizing system performance, enhancing security measures, and delivering efficient IT operations. Dynamic problem-solver with a dedication to driving innovation and achieving business objectives through cutting-edge technology solutions. Committed to fostering a collaborative and forward-thinking IT culture that maximizes productivity and promotes continuous improvement.
Areas of Expertise
● System Administration
● Network Administration
● Virtualization Techniques
● Cloud Computing
● Security Management
● Backup & Disaster Recovery
● IT Project Management
● Active Directory & Identity Management
● Scripting & Automation
Professional Experience
Pacific Western Bank, Downtown Los Angeles
VP / IT Manager\ Sr. Systems Administrator
2017 — Present
Manage group of Senior Systems Administrators, Systems Administrators, and Helpdesk Support personnel. Oversee IT project management, software support, system security, and improvement analysis. Provide infrastructure support for Office 365 Cloud migration and administration, as well as support for Azure AD, AD Connect, and ADFS. Manage on-premises Active Directory and Certificate Authority systems, configure and support MFA through Azure, and oversee Citrix Environment including Apps deployment and Management, Desktop, and ADC-NetScaler Gateway. Handle SharePoint Online administration, Microsoft Endpoint Manager setup, Meraki Switches, Cisco ASA and Meraki Firewalls, and Datacentre Management. Supervise Microsoft Exchange Server setup and administration, MS SQL Server setup including AlwaysON Groups, SharePoint administration, Salesforce user administration, TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, VLAN implementations, Evault and Veeam backups, NetApp Storage administration, and end-user training on various software applications. Direct configuration and support of HP ProLiant, HP Blade, Cisco UCS, and Dell Servers, as well as procurement of all network hardware including servers and storage.
● Played pivotal role in designing and implementing transition from Cisco VOIP to MS Teams, resulting in over $1.5M in Telco savings for the Bank.
● Initiated migration process of bank's infrastructure to Azure Cloud, transitioning from Hybrid model to fully cloud-based system by 2025, contributing to ongoing design implementation phase of this transition. California United Bank, Downtown Los Angeles
VP / IT Manager\ Sr. Systems Administrator
2015 — 2017
Shaped and executed technology strategy, ensuring alignment with strategic goals. Provided executive-level guidance, identified core strengths, and led teams to meet strategic objectives. Maintained efficient organizational structure to support CUB's technology needs and oversaw planning and implementation of IT architecture. Managed supplier relationships, protected IT assets, and ensured data integrity and security. Supported various systems, including Citrix, VMware, and network hardware, and provided training to end-users.
● Spearheaded automation of computer systems rollout, significantly reducing manual processes.
● Enhanced compute infrastructure by transitioning from HP Servers to Cisco UCS.
● Deployed Remedy Force Ticketing System, optimizing IT department operations and enabling efficient, measurable actions with clear audit trails and SLA adherence for internal customers. Page 2 2
Munger Tolles & Olson, Downtown Los Angeles
Senior Systems Administrator
2013 — 2015
Oversaw planning, installation, and administration of Windows 2008, 2012, and 2013-2016 Servers. Provided support and administration for Citrix applications and hardware such as HP ProLiant and HP Blade Systems. Configured RAID5 on Windows Servers, automated backup systems, troubleshot PCs, and managed APC Power Backups and printer configurations. Performed responsibilities that extended to help desk support, software testing, installation, and upgrades, as well as Datacentre management at Databank Datacentre in Irvine, CA. Handled configuration, administration, and support for NetApp Storage and Fiber/ISCSI, along with working with SQL databases.
● Successfully orchestrated seamless migration of Datacentre operations from Downtown LA Highrise building to state-of- the-art facility in El Segundo.
Additional Experience
AVP / Senior Systems Administrator, First California Bank formerly known as Camarillo Community Bank, Westlake Village Education
Cal State Northridge, Northridge, CA
Information Technology
Coursework in Information Technology and Computer Applications Continued education classes in Distributed Computing, Networks and Databases Licenses & Certifications
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP)
Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSA)
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE)
Contact this candidate