Teresa L. Chiarito
Pinellas Park, FL *****
ad4eto@r.postjobfree.com
703-***-****
SUMMARY
Multifaceted, seasoned, and highly motivated IT professional, offering over 20 years of wide-ranging experience in systems administration, analysis, and IT management. Skilled at developing processes, optimizing productivity, and boosting efficiency to achieve organizational goals and objectives. Armed with the ability to develop and implement different projects simultaneously. Highly capable of working with diverse levels of individuals across the organization to ensure superior quality of products, projects, and results in a timely manner. Currently possess an active TS/SCI clearance.
EXPERIENCE
Creative IT Solutions, LLC. MacDill AFB, FL Dec 2022 - Sep 2023
Systems Administrator
Supporting the program offices with Tier II/Tier III technical services including hardware and software procurements. Install and maintain Windows Server 2016/2019 inside VMware vSphere 6.7 and vCenter. Perform STIG's to DoD standards. Travel for Node installation CONUS/OCONUS when needed.
APEX Systems (Sub-Contractor to Peraton), Herndon, VA November 2019-Dec 2022
Systems Administrator
Built and deployed IIS Windows Servers (2012/2016/2019) in a virtual environment using vSphere 5.5. Assisted in the creation/migration of IIS Windows Servers (2008/2012) to (2016) in AWS (Amazon Web Services). Maintained existing Windows 2008 R2 virtual servers in PROD/DEV/UAT/TEST environments and upgraded all environments to Windows 2016. Assisted in migrating virtual SIPR Web servers from Windows 2008 R2 to Windows 2016. Supported various deployments from current local enclave to multiple Web servers in a different domain. Built and maintained Veeam Backup and Replication (Windows 2012 R2 Standard). Maintained WSUS with latest patches released by Microsoft. Created PKI certificates for users to successfully test various applications prior to Production. Performed STIG’s when necessary to maintain systems to DoD standards. Created and maintained documentation when applicable. Assisted in creating Windows 2016 Web Servers in OCI (Oracle Cloud Infrastructure) and migrated current PROD environments to OCI.
NASA, Stennis Space Center, MS July 2019-Sep 2019
Systems Administrator V
Provide systems administration, maintenance and support for NASA, which includes but not limited to hardware and software installations, upgrades, resolving trouble tickets for the IT facility. Implement and ensure compliance with all NASA information systems IA policies and procedures. Responsible for providing support for daily/weekly/monthly security tasks, reviewing security audit logs, vulnerability reports, updating anti-virus software, reporting security findings and escalating potential security incident findings. Supporting the customers by upgrading and testing various system applications. Perform quarterly system maintenance as documented by the associated procedures. Responsible for weekly/monthly updates and reboots as required.
NJVC, Chantilly, VA Nov 2018-Apr 2019
Systems Administrator IV
Administered WIN10/WIN7 THICK and THIN clients for NGA and reimaged as needed with the latest baseline on all enclaves. Ensured new clients and existing clients were moved to the correct OU in ADUC, reset users’ passwords, assisted with importing PKI certs, and transferring data using ECDS/GLIDE. Utilized Director (VDI) to shadow users’ sessions and assist in troubleshooting their issues. Remoted into clients when applicable to ensure their outstanding issues were resolved as necessary. Rebuilt users’ profiles inside Director and also deleted their hung sessions. Conducted site surveys, asset management, and installation of required equipment. Replaced media converters, fiber, KVM switches, and other peripherals on an as needed basis. Traveled to different NGA sites around the NCR to resolve tickets assigned via Remedy.
NJVC, Mount Weather, VA June 2018-Nov 2018
Systems Administrator IV
Responsible for deploying, administrating, and troubleshooting production and office automation workstations for on demand crisis operations support for deployed and deployable information systems. Deploy as needed to forward crisis areas both CONUS and OCONUS. Support analysts to build, print, and share collaborative products. Perform system backups and recovery on NAS’. Install new software releases, system upgrades, patches and resolve software related problems for analysts. Resolve a wide range of system issues to include troubleshooting ArcGIS software, hardware, network and addressing trouble tickets and service tasks. Conduct routine and emergency maintenance of deployable equipment. Maintain operational, configuration and other standard operating procedures (SOPs).
AEGIS IT, Kearneysville, WV Nov 2017- May 2018
Systems Administrator (Temporary Contract)
Operated, maintained all production, test and development systems in a Windows 2012 environment according to USCG/DISA/CFO STIG compliance. Migrated all VM Windows 2008 Servers to Windows 2012 Servers, to include IIS 7.5 to IIS 8.5 with SSO/PKI. Performed systems administration activities to include account management, monitoring and management of system resources, monitoring and auditing system logs backup and recovery, snapshots, continuity of operations, security, managing operating systems and storage management. Tested and installed COTS and GOTS upgrades and patches and IAVAs consistent with security, information assurance and established change control requirements. Support a Data Center environment (hardware/software) to ensure maximum availability for customers. Created and maintained documentation to support the testing, installation, operations and maintenance of Data Center equipment. Restored and/or reproduced current and legacy systems, applications, and data IAW directives and requirements for data and DR or as specified by the TM. Followed established incident, problem, and Change Management procedures in order to document all requests for service, resolved user issues, corrected the root cause of incidents, and minimized any adverse impact to the customer.
EDUCATION
Northern Virginia Community College
A.A.S. Networking Specialization, May 1999
CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA Security+ Certified CE (Expires Sept 2026)

TECHNICAL PROFIECIENCIES
Operating Systems: Windows 10, Windows Server 2019, Windows Server 2016, Windows 2012 Server, Windows 2008 R2 Server, Windows 2003 Server, and Windows 2000 Server
Software: VMware, vSphere 5.5, Acronis, Veeam, Veritas NetBackup, Backup Exec, COTS software, ADUC, SCCM, Bitlocker, Microsoft Exchange 2007/2000/5.5, SharePoint 2013, SharePoint 2007, SharePoint Portal 2003
Remote Access: RAS/VPN
MILITARY
United Army Signal Corps School 1993
Telecommunications Operator
Contact this candidate