William Harrison
Dayton, OH 937-***-**** ad4khj@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/williamedwardharrison

EXPERIENCED SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR

Dedicated and knowledgeable professional with many years of IT network and support experience. Focused on client satisfaction and using a hands-on “get-it-right” approach and consultative manner. Demonstrated exceptional skills with documentation, technical writing, communication, and project management. Capable of overseeing large projects and collaborating widely to achieve optimal results. Eager for new opportunities and challenges in the field of IT Management and Systems Administration.
SKILLS
System Administration
Active Directory, SCCM,
IIS, Terminal Services, SharePoint, Windows Server, Microsoft, Network Administration, OS Platforms, Hyper-V, vSphere, ESXi
Project Management
Disaster Recovery Plans, Replication and Restore Plans, Data Backups, Secure and Encrypted Data Connections, SFTP Setup and Configuration, Data Migration
Communication
Collaboration, Technical Writing, Customer Service, Employee Training. Interview New Talent.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Associate Operations Manager, Cognizant, Dayton, OH May 2021 -March 2024
Managed IT lifecycle projects across 70+ manufacturing plant locations in America.
Performed deep dive audits for each site to discover devices beyond their manufacturing warranty date.
Worked with different vendors for quotes, orders, and shipments of new replacement devices.
Built replacement Windows 10 / 11 workstations and 2019 / 2022 servers (Virtual & Physical Machines)
Built new ESXi replacement servers and clusters in vSphere 7 & 8 environments.
Spearheaded meetings with sites to evaluate environment and to schedule dates to install new equipment with the least amount of impact to business and avoid downtime.
Led integration and maintenance of Dell products such as PowerEdge 650 / 750 Servers, XE3 Workstations, Dell Unity 300 / EMC, and various models of ioSafe storage solutions, improving system reliability.
Traveled to site for implementation of new devices and to decommission the old devices. Racked new servers, ran new cables, and configured routers when necessary.
Demonstrated leadership skills by providing support and guidance to other team members, improving overall team productivity. Interviewed and assisted in the selection of new talent for our team.
Wrote technical documentation for many processes that helped others be more consistent and successful.

Systems Administrator, Scott Industrial Systems, Dayton, OH October 2012 – July 2019
Individually provided management of all information technology systems and services
Supplied senior-level management with reports and best course of action for technology related issues.
Interviewed and selected various IT software and hardware solution providers to find the best cost of ownership, return on investment, and solutions best compatible with current business model and ERP software.
Worked closely with each department to learn employees’ job duties to determine if workflow could be simplified to save money and time with the use of new technologies.
Provided officers with findings and solutions for the implementation, cost of ownership projections, and expectations based on expected retirement date of new solutions.
Built new, maintained current, and decommissioned old hardware systems and software.
Completed ERP integration for three companies purchased over seven years of employment.
Migrated corporate email from on-premises MDaemon to off-premises Exchange Online services (Office 365)
Created Hyper-V Cluster Environment to ensure business continuity during hardware failure.
Saved tens of thousands of dollars each year by shopping for different software, hardware venders and ISP services and solutions and by switching POTS lines to cell phone numbers which were forwarded to main fax line.
Switched ISP providers for three different sites, saving the company hundreds of dollars per month.
Spearheaded website revamp, Microsoft Windows upgrades, Microsoft audits, and PCI audits
Directed million-dollar IT renovation from blueprints to implementation of all new server room equipment.
Worked with upper management and owners during mergers to export data from acquired company to ERP systems.

Systems Administrator, Citi, Columbus, OH December 2011 – September 2012
Hired to provide systems administration for over a dozen mission-critical servers and over 80 workstations in the credit card payment processing center.
Supported Active Directory, IIS, Terminal Service, SharePoint, and other Microsoft server-related components.
Kept all IT systems operational without interruption or negative impact to the business workflow, including building new, maintaining current, and decommissioning old systems.
Built and maintained disaster recovery plans for all servers and workstations, including replication and restore plans and data backups to assure no loss of data and low downtime in case of a catastrophic event with Microsoft Office
Worked closely with IT auditors to ensure business continuity was executed effectively

Application Support, BMW Financial Services, Columbus, OH October 2011 – December 2011
Contracted to provide North America BMW Financial with a new method for transferring highly sensitive customer and vendor financial data over a secure and encrypted data connection.
Worked with vendors to move the company from FTP to SFTP including setup and configuration when needed.
Finished project 30 days ahead of schedule.

Systems Engineer, Worldlan Technology, Columbus, OH March 2011 – September 2011
Provided IT support and integration for New Albany Company, New Albany Country Club, New Albany Realty, and Winding Hollow Country Club
Proficiently used Active Directory, Exchange, Acronis backup to NAS and SAN devices
Supported over 500 workstations and 24 servers, and setup routers and switches, ran network cable for new acquired properties, and conducted monthly security checks to assure all critical patches were installed.
Furnished IT related recommendations to business owners, CFOs, and project management.

Internal Help Desk Support, Omnicare, Columbus, OH December 2010 – March 2011
Provided IT support for internal end users on a national level with various Microsoft operating systems, Microsoft Office, Exchange, Active Directory, Blackberry Enterprise, Oasis, Esker, multiple proprietary software solutions, as well as hardware support for computers, laptops, and printers.

Software System Support Analyst, Standard Register, Dayton, OH February 2002 – December 2009
Delivered support, integration, administration, and design of custom-built enterprise software solutions for the purpose of managing client’s sensitive data, which provided a cost-effective document and data workflow solution in both the financial and healthcare markets.
Administered and supported client’s mission critical servers running various Microsoft Windows platforms and printer configurations (Windows NT - Windows Server 2003)
Completed SOX and HIPAA training annually.

Customer Service Engineer, Verizon / US Airways, Dayton, OH February 2001 - October 2001
Worked with a small team to administer and maintain all IT and communications for a large reservation call center.
Provided software, hardware and networking administration for a 200+ client network running on multiple OS platforms for management and reservation officers (Windows 95/98/NT OS/2)
Createdi scripts for advanced configurations for the purpose of data automation and handling and provided 24x7 on-site support in rotation with team.
Conducted telephony support included maintaining Norstar PBX System & Honeywell Advance Call Distribution Unit
Software supported Windows (95/98/NT) OS/2, Lotus Notes and Domino
Served in rotation of 24x7 support and monthly power failure testing of UPS and generator.

MCSE Rollout Specialist, Borders Group Inc., Ann Arbor, MI August 2000 - February 2001
Collaborated with a team of I.T. specialists and analysts to migrate Borders and Walden Books on a national level.
Refreshed Novel servers to NT 4.0 Servers and Windows 3.11 to Windows 98/NT Workstation remotely from Borders Group Headquarters for over 400 retail stores.

EDUCATION

Associate of Arts: Information Technology/Networking, focusing on IT Management Dayton, OH
University of Phoenix 2010

Certificates: MCSE, A+, SixSigma Yellow Belt
Contact this candidate