* ** *
CONNER FISHER
SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR
Location: Pensacola, FL
Willing to Relocate:Yes
Clearance Eligibility: Secret
Level: Staff Technical Specialist
Email: ad4r7k@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 850-***-****
JOB HISTORY
Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation
Senior Consultant
2020 - 2022
Migration to VDI at NAS Pensacola NASC
Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation
Staff Technologist
2020 - 2022
Combination of people skills and technical expertise, solving one problem after another. Using those skill to ensure operational Navy training.
Systems administrator with a solid background in desktop and Microsoft Active Directory support to help us train the next generation of Navy sailors in a secure modernized computer environment. As a systems administrator on our project, we ensure a student training infrastructure is functional and available and Active Directory accounts are properly configured. Helping customers overcome tough challenges through monitoring and performance management.
Identify problem areas and opportunities for improvement in a mission critical network. Turn metrics into information and communicate their meaning.
Managing users and computers in an enterprise network. We focus on growing as a team, so we’ll share techniques, work through challenges, and develop new methodologies together. Successfully managed VDI migration in multiple environments ensuring 99 percent network operability. Scott AFB
CST
2017 - 2020
Awarded recognition for serving on team that reconfigured and refreshed the Air Mobility Command’s nearly 20,000 computer network, 7,000 of those being configured on the AMC’s Classified Secret network
● Project Management of large scale initiatives accomplished on time with minimal interruption to day-to-day operations.
● Oversaw an operation that plans, schedules and directs a fleet of nearly 1,100 aircraft from anywhere at a moment’s notice.
● Implemented a communications support plan for all TACC users delivering rapid, quality solutions that have automated network processes, enhanced security and achieved productivity, e ciency, and performance gains.
EDUCATION
Associate's Degree, Community College of The Air Force 2 of 2
EDUCATION
University of West Florida (Currently Enrolled)
CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA Security+ - CompTIA, 2017
SKILLS
Active Directory (AD), IT Service Management
(ITSM), Leadership, Professional Problem Solver,
ACAS, Altiris, Help Desk, Public Speaking, SIPRNET, Windows 10,Team Management, Change Management
Contact this candidate