WILLIAM G. RUPPELL IV
** ***** ******* ** * Newtown, CT 06470 l 203-***-**** l ad4sbe@r.postjobfree.com
Information Technology Engineer/Supervisor
Dedicated and technically skilled business professional with a versatile IT systems administration skill set developed through experience as an IT supervisor, Engineer, Network Administrator and Architect.
Proficiency in resolving employer challenges with innovative solutions, systems and process improvements proven to increase efficiency, customer satisfaction and the bottom line.
Proficient knowledge and advanced computer skills, network routing and other applications to enhance Network systems and security.
Experience
Danbury Missions Technologies (ARKA) 2021- Present
Implementation and support of SD-WAN appliance connectivity between all ARKA divisions.
Implementation and support of Cisco Identity Services Engine towards the security of internal infrastructure.
Support and administration of Cisco 9800 Wireless Controllers and Access Points within internal and Flex environments.
Support and Administration of Cisco 9130 switching and Smart Wise connectivity.
Support and Administration of Palo Alto firewalls, IPsec tunneling and security appliances.
Support and Administration of VMware VDI and ESXi host environments.
Support and Administration of Ubiquiti Unifi network appliances.
City of Danbury-Surrounding Municipalities: 2015-2021
Support on Cisco switching, Sophos & SonicWall Firewall appliances. Installation of all VPN and IPSEC integrations for Public Municipalities using Sophos and SonicWall VPN devices.
Project Management experience in relation to change over of legacy phone systems to VOIP, working with outside vendors to cohesively construct a proper heterogeneous phone network.
Experience with fiber connections to support surrounding municipalities along with Public Safety regions such as Fire and Police. Knowledge of Mobile Devices for Public Safety to access City infrastructure.
Experience with VMWare virtual servers and support for VMWare Horizon View VDI’s for virtual Desktops. Project management of VMware migration upgrades of San and ESXi hosts.
Experience in AS400 support for Financial and ERP systems for City of Danbury and Public Police.
Project Management experience in encryption software solutions for two factor authentication for Public Safety.
Project Management experience for transition of legacy network to Cisco backbone for all Public Municipalities, including Cisco catalyst switches, ASA firewall and wireless devices.
The Network Support Company, Danbury, CT. 2012 to 2015
Network Engineer
Support on Cisco and HP switching and catalysts. Knowledge of VTP, VLAN technologies in multi-platform networking environments.
Support Engineer for vast and diverse array of clients, stemming from Municipal, Medical, Hospitality and other array of hosts.
Network support Engineer in support of operational facilities for vast clientele. Systems recovery and planning stemming from server support, routing/switching and backup implementation.
Experienced in Exchange and Office 365 administration in post migration implementation and support.
Experienced in implementation of Dell Sonic Wall firewalls and other variations of firewall support.
Experienced in backup and disaster recovery of client systems, stemming from MSP back end to Backup\StoreIT, Storage Craft (DATTO) and Arcserve deployment services.
Experienced in virtual environment support for VMWare, Hyper-V and virtual server support.
Systems support for on-site and remote infrastructure controls. Experienced in low to high end peripheral setups, server control to machine setups, such as PC’s and Apple MAC.
Experience in using Kaseya MSP & AVG deployment functions. Experienced in Connect Wise ticketing systems and procedures.
Experience in Ruckus and various other wireless implementations, support and control of Zone Director and Cisco Meraki devices. Full training of wireless technologies and planning.
Belimo Air Controls, Danbury, CT. 2007 to 2012
Email/Network Administrator-Supervisor
Supervised full administration of Exchange\Lync 2010 conversion of Legacy telephony, email and point of presence systems. Utilized full convergence with external vendors in the implementation of global IM, phone and email capabilities using Netapp Backend Devices and HP MTA hardware SAN virtual infrastructure.
Supervisor to wireless implementation of companies Warehouse Initiative Network. Systems control of Wi-Fi handheld devices, switches and access control points for the Western Hemisphere.
Global and local systems administrator\supervisor in charge of the construction and maintenance of local area and WAN networking environments including Cisco, HP, Brocade SAN devices and 3COM routing and switching products.
Exchange Administrator in charge of onsite and global Microsoft email systems, virus protection and spam filtering for Belimo Danbury, Sparks NV and Canada offices.
Network Administrator in charge of Belimo routing infrastructure, Firewall, ESX Virtual SAN and VPN systems using VMWare and server control.
Administrator in charge of Western Hemisphere Blackberry and cell phone control.
Supervisor reporting to IT manager in charge of system analysts in Western Hemisphere to IT proposals and integration.
Backup Administrator in charge of company Tape, CPS and SATA Disk backup systems.
AmphenolRF, Danbury CT 2003 to 2007
Senior Systems Administration and Network Manager
Global and local systems administrator\manager in charge of the construction and maintenance of local area and WAN networking environments and management of help desk support analysts.
Proficiency in Microsoft server administration involving Exchange, Server 2000 & 2003 Active Directory. Microsoft Live Communications Server, ISA 2004, PTC CAD operational database server, Microsoft R2 Virtual Server, Windows XP, Red Hat Linux, Symantec Anti-Virus and SMSE, Veritas Backup Exec, SQL 2005, InfoPath, SharePoint server 2003, Blackberry Enterprise Server, Symantec Ghost, Script Logic Login scripting.
Cisco hardware Devices including: 2600 router, PIX 515 Firewall and 6509 catalyst. Juniper Netscreen 50 VPN access to RAS identifiers. Adtran MUX signaling access for frame networks. APC Matrix and 1400 Smart Ups. Netscreen IDP100 Intrusion Detection systems.
Lead manager of helpdesk operations and wireless phone support. Active duties in cost analysis helped to reevaluate monthly maintenance and save costs on more efficient plans.

Priceline, Norwalk CT 1999 to 2003
LAN Administration
Corporate Systems Support analyst.
Creation of systems Asset Inventory through PERL CGI programming. Maintenance
Support and maintenance of Corporate Servers, Printers and Print Servers and desktop peripherals.
Installation and maintenance of PC Docs, Test Director, ADP and LAN Desk (SMS) servers.
Backup Exchange 2000 administration and virus protection through Trend Micro.
VPN administration through Bay Network products.
Migration of Windows 2000 infrastructure through Bindview and Compaq services.

Key Skills- Proficiencies
Hardware
Fortigate Firewalls, 3Com 4000 & 3000 series switches. HP 3500-4500 Procurve switches. Cisco switching and catalyst series networking equipment including 6509 catalyst. Dell San equipment-FX2, EqualLogic series. APC Matrix and 1400 Smart Ups. Hewlett Packard Cad System (9000 Series). Compaq Server series including 850, 1850 & 6500’s, HP-Brocade SAN devices.

Operating Systems
Windows Server 4.0, 2000, 2003, 2008 R2,2012, 2016 & 2019. Exchange 5.5, 2003, 2010 & 2013, Lync 2007 & 2010, SQL 2000 & 2005 & 2008 servers, SharePoint 2003 Enterprise, Blackberry BES Server 4.0, VMWare ESX.

Programming Languages
Visual Basic, Perl, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL, Access & Access 2003, HTML Coder, Macromedia Topstyle & Homesite products including Flash, Ethical Hacking-Security Training 2006.
Education
Boston University, Boston MA.
Bachelors of Science Degree
Norwalk Community College, Norwalk CT.
A.S., General Sciences
Leadership-Achievements
ACHIEVEMENTS
2001-Achievement award from Priceline.com in accordance of appreciated work from CIO.
2006- Leadership training through Hass Consulting Services.
2010- Certificate of Recognition for Demonstrating Outstanding Solution Leadership from Belimo Air Controls.
Honors
(Boston University) – Cum Laude, (3) Dean’s List and Alpha Sigma Lambda Honors Society member.
3.75 GPA
(NCC) -Deans List and Phi Theta Kappa Honors Society member.

*All references will be available upon request.
Certifications
Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (Server 2012)
Microsoft Certified Professional (Server 2012)
Cisco CCNA (2003)
COMPTIA Security Plus (2023)
Contact this candidate