Christine M. Brunet, MSN, APRN, FNP-BC, TNCC

**** ****** ***** ***** **** 702-***-****
Las Vegas, NV 89128 email ad4uzc@r.postjobfree.com

RESUME

Mission
Above all else, I am committed to provide human centered evidence-based healthcare that is focused on the improvement of human life through care of individuals as unique body-mind-spirit embodied entities throughout the lifespan to assist them in their individual health journey. I will do this within my practice as determined by my state’s scope of nursing practice laws and regulations.
Vision
Quality, compassionate, evidence and value-based care for all.

STRENGTHS

Master of Science in Nursing Family Nurse Practitioner from University of Phoenix – Graduated with Distinction November 7, 2023. Degree awarded November 30, 2023.
15 years of Critical Care Experience
12 years Post Anesthesia Care Experience
15 Years of Regulatory/Quality/Risk Management Experience
Knowledge of regulatory and accreditation requirements as defined by The Joint Commission and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.
Excellent communication skills.
Excellent computer skills using Microsoft Office Professional Plus Suite 2021, Microsoft Visio 2017, Adobe Acrobat Pro, MediTech, COMET, CHOIS, Intellimed, and QualityNet.
Excellent research skills using the Internet and other academic resources.
Excellent analytical skills with the ability to effectively identify problems and implement effective solutions.
Disciplined and well-organized in work habits with the ability to function quickly and smoothly in high-pressure situations.
Skilled in leading, motivating, developing, and interacting with coworkers.
Ability to quickly grasp concepts in new learning situations.

ACHIEVEMENTS

Developed Quality Management/Risk Management (QM/RM) Module in MedTech for MountainView Hospital. Lead developer for the initial expansion of the MediTech QM/RM module in the HCA Las Vegas Market.
Wrote, and developed instructional manual and provided staff education for end users of the MediTech QM/RM module.
Project lead and systems administrator for all CORE Measures – HQA-QualityNet.
Systems administrator for the Sullivan Group computer-based training and EMRI audit.
Member of the following committees:
oQuality Council
oPharmacy and Therapeutics Committee
oUtilization Review Committee
oMedicine Division Committee
oEmergency Department Committee
oSurgery Division Committee
oPatient Safety Committee
oMediTech Steering Committee
oPolicy and Procedure Committee
oForms Committee
Facilitator and Team Leader for the following teams
oFMECA Team for Wrong Site, Wrong Procedure, Wrong Patient Prevention
oRoot Cause Analysis for Sentinel Events in
Emergency Department
Surgical Services Department
Medical/Surgical Services
Maternal Health Department
Radiology Department
Wrote and Developed policies, procedures, and documentation forms based on The Joint Commission standards for
oModerate and Deep Sedation
oBlood Administration/Utilization Review Policies
oClinical and Behavioral Restraints
oIdentification of Victims of Abuse and Neglect
Created and Developed PowerPoint Presentations for
oThe Joint Commission Surveys
oCommittee Presentations
oNew Employee In-services
oQuality Fair Presentations
oData Presentations
Developed numerous Excel Workbooks for the purpose of data collection and graphical display of quality indicators
Developed Access Databases for the purpose of data collection for the Open-Heart Program at MountainView Hospital
Certified TQM/CQI Facilitator
Researched, wrote, and taught a four-hour comprehensive course on Shock and Multi-Organ System Failure for a critical care nursing course
Taught various aspects of Advanced Cardiac Life Support Classes
Taught Meditech classes at Sunrise Hospital and MountainView Hospital

PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND

October 2021 – June 2023 – Las Vegas Institute for Advanced Surgery – Staff RN PACU
Ambulatory surgery center specializing in orthopedics. Provide pre-post-op nursing care to patients recovering from various types of orthopedic surgical procedures including total joint replacements, arthroscopic procedures, and tissue repair procedures such as rotator cuff repairs.

June 2021 – November 7, 2023 – University of Phoenix – Master of Science in Nursing - Family Nurse Practitioner student
Student in Master of Science in Nursing program for Advanced Practice Registered Nursing. Graduated date November 7, 2023.

September 2012 – Present – Serenity Nursing Services - Private Duty Nurse
My personal company. Provide private duty nursing services for adult clients in various care scenarios including pre and post-procedural care, office visit consultations, wound care, medication management, etc.

August 2009 to September 2012 – Regulatory Compliance Coordinator
Regulatory Compliance Department at Sunrise Hospital & Medical Center, Las Vegas, Nevada. Responsible for coordinating activities related to regulatory compliance. Organized and managed facility wide tracer activities including generating reports of tracer results for presentation at Quality Council. Managed policy and procedure activities including development and approval process for all policies and procedures along with maintaining policy and procedure web site. Facilitated Root Cause analyses teams. VSurvey system administrator. Created and managed reports in response to Plans of Correction for regulatory agency surveys and accreditation surveys. Served on the following committees: Pharmacy and Therapeutics, Nursing Practice Council, Policy and Procedure Council and Quality and Patient Safety Council
.
March 1997 to August 2009 – Quality Management Coordinator
Quality Management Department at MountainView Hospital, Las Vegas, Nevada. Responsible for the coordination and facilitation of Quality Management activities. Duties included physician Peer Review activities, data collection, analysis and reporting of hospital wide indicators. Facilitated and lead Performance Improvement teams. Served as liaison for core facility personnel regarding Quality Management and Patient Safety Activities in support of regulatory compliance activities. Served as non-voting member on several key facility committees. Design and manage systems for data collection, analysis and reporting utilizing Microsoft Professional Office Suite, Microsoft Visio, MediTech QM/RM module, Intellimed, QualityNet and COMET, EMRI audit, CHOIS. Responsible for activities addressing data collection and program development in support of meeting Corporate Risk Initiatives for Patient Safety. Program administrator for QualityNet and EMRI audit.

January 1997 to March 1997 – Staff RN- Team Leader – Post Anesthesia Care Unit Columbia Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center, Las Vegas, Nevada. Provided direct bedside care to pediatric, adolescent, and adult patients recovering from various types of surgical procedures including open heart surgery.

August 1996 – March 1997 – Health Systems Analyst – Prime Holdings- Med One, Las Vegas, Nevada, an eight-thousand-member HMO. Analyzed the usage of health care resources, including Risk Pool analysis, Provider usage, charge back analysis, and on-sight facility inspection. Served as TQM/CQI Facilitator for Provider Relations. TQM/CQI projects involved teaching Provider Relations staff Total Quality Management history and principles. Delineated the process for qualifying new Providers for the Provider Relations department. Was the assistant to the Director of Health Systems/Provider Relations. Other duties involved developing spreadsheets for case review, funding utilization, comparative analysis of Centers of Excellence for potential contracting of transplant services, organizing Provider Education sessions for new product introduction and composing letters for case review decisions.

January 1996 – August 1996 – Staff RN – Team Leader – Post Anesthesia Care Unit Columbia Sunrise MountainView Hospital, Las Vegas, Nevada. Duties included providing direct bedside care to patients recovering from various types of surgical procedures. Team Lead/Spokesperson for PACU staff. Designed forms for staffing and on call schedules for the Department of Surgical Services. Developed the PACU on call schedule. Represented the Department of Surgical Services on the Fire and Safety Committee. Taught MediTech classes to incoming and current hospital staff members.

August 1990 – January 1996 – Staff RN and Team Leader – Post Anesthesia Care Unit Columbia Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center, Las Vegas, Nevada a 600+ bed facility. Provided direct bedside care to pediatric, adolescent, and adult patients recovering from various types of surgical procedures including open heart surgery. CQI/TQM representative from July 1991 to December 1996. Responsible for coordinating and compiling data for TQM/CQI studies. TQM/CQI Facilitator for Department of Surgical Services PACU Committee. Wrote and developed TQM/CQI training manual for PACU. Developed and produced storyboards to present TQM/CQI study findings and committee work to Department of Surgical Services, Nursing and Allied Health staff members. Department of Surgical Services representative on Hospital Nursing Council July 1991 to January 1996.

January 1990 – August 1990 – Staff RN – Team Leader – Pulmonary Shock Intensive Care Unit Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center, a twelve bed adult intensive care unit. Provided direct bedside care to adult patients recovering from critical illness secondary to medical, surgical and accidental causes.

PROFESSIONAL LICENSURE

Licensed Advanced Practice Registered Nurse – Licensed by the State of Nevada, 873340,
. expires October 30, 2025
Licensed Registered Nurse – Licensed by the State of Nevada, number 19108, expires October 30, 2025.

PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIPS
American Nurses Association (ANA) American Hospital Association (AHA)
American Association of Nurse Practitioners (AANP) Emergency Nurses Association – (ENA)
Association of Perioperative Registered Nurses (AORN) American Society of Perioperative Nurses (ASPAN)
American Society of Healthcare Risk Management (ASHRM)

National Society for Leadership Success – Honor Society
Sigma Theta Tau International Nursing Honor Society
Golden Key International Honour Society

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND

University of Phoenix
Bachelor of Science in Nursing. GPA – 3.95 – Graduated with Honors
Master of Science in Nursing - Family Nurse Practitioner. GPA – 3.97 – Graduated with Distinction

Los Angeles Valley College
Associate in Arts Degree in Nursing – Graduated with Honors

CERTIFICATIONS

BLS eCard Code 235*********. Expires 02/2025
ACLS eCard Code 235*********. Expires 03/2025
PALS eCard Code 33F5FDD-330BCF7-30369D7 Expires 01/2026
TNCC Certified Provider. Expires 04/30/2026
NIHSS Certified
Contact this candidate