DEMARCO WRIGHT
Washington, DC *****
301-***-**** - ad4yxt@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Security+ Certification
Seeks to contribute training and acquired skills by securing a Systems Administrator Role. Certified Tier 2 technician with 4 Years of customer service and success providing technical support by phone, email, and web-base chat. Working technical knowledge of current protocols, operating systems, and standards, including Microsoft Server 2019, Active Directory. Experienced and knowledge in Information Technology, Professional with experience. Highly motivated and constantly adding new skills for professional growth and success of the organization and myself. SKILLS
Windows 10/11 OS
Tickets Systems
Application Testing
Service Desk
Sharepoint 2016
System Restoration
Ports and Protocols
Bomgar Remote Support
Troubleshooting
Active Directory
Multiple Application
Operating System Installation
Windows Server 2008/2012
Mobile Device Management
WORK HISTORY
11/2021 to Current Tier 2 Support Specialist
LinTech Global – Alexandria, VA
Provide additional support for all issues that can't be resolved at a tier 1 level through telephone, remote assistance, email, chat, and in-person to resolve hardware, software and other technical issue.
Remote and in-person assistance with installation of software, drivers and programs through approved repository.
Identify hardware issues, remove damaged parts when necessary and create repair tickets with OEM manufacture when applicable or reimaging machines through PXE boot
Troubleshooting administrative account maintenance of user/computer profiles through Active Directory
Maintenance of Outlook profiles, .PST repairs and administrative account maintenance of Cisco Jabber profiles through Cisco Uniity BitLocker encryption/ encryption key management
Troubleshooting common VPN issues, connectivity through Cisco AnyConnect and other LAN connectivity
Proficient in testing and configuring software on a wide range of mobile devices and tablets
Skilled in managing and overseeing the download process for applications, updates, and system software
Utilizing standard tools and methods to retrieve lost or deleted data while maintaining data integrity
Familiar with cloud-based and local backup solutions for data protection Proactive in identifying and resolving software and hardware issues on mobile devices
08/2019 to 11/2021 Program Support Technician
Nuaxis Innovations – Washington, DC
Application Support: Performs routine software management configuration, and installation. Facilitate mapping and troubleshooting user access to shared network resources.
Support -Incident Management: Provides impact -and - priority based Incident categorization in order to track progress of all incidents and restore degraded or disrupted services as quickly as possible.
Asset Management: Coordinate with Inventory Team in deployment activities regarding imaging, prepping, deploying, asset retrieval, data wiping and asset returns. Participates and provides OCIO resources in the preparedness, mitigation, response, and recovery efforts for emergencies/ disasters. Manages resolution process in a manner that meets and/or exceeds applicable SLA, Makes information about these critical events available to all SD agents for real-time reference. Keeps information in the Known Errors database current ovations. Analytical and problem-solving abilities, with attention to detail. Works with Operational and other teams to ensure final summary, review, analysis, resolution, and lessons learned are documented in Incident Reports for all major incidents and unplanned service outages.
02/2019 to 08/2019 Jr. Help Desk Technician
Telesis Systems Inc – Washington, DC
Possess understanding of Microsoft Operating Systems. Have knowledge of commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) applications (such as Adobe Acrobat and Microsoft Office suite), and networking.
Followed prescribed scripts for communicating with a customer during the call. Notifying the customer of the steps that will be followed to troubleshoot the reported problem and, if possible, provide an approximate timeframe for problem resolution.
Utilized the knowledge base to assist to callers with issue resolution. Escalate, as appropriate, incidents or request to the SD lead/manager, or higher for resolution. EDUCATION
08/2010 High School Diploma
Luke C Moore - Washington, DC
CERTIFICATIONS
Security+ Certfication
Contact this candidate