KARA DUNG
**** ****** ****** *** #***
Honolulu, HI 96822
To Whom It May Concern,
Aloha kākou, I write this letter to express my interest in a position with your company. Through my previous internships, work experiences and volunteer experiences I have developed valuable skills pertinent to the music, communications and media industry. I graduated from Dominican University of California in May 2019, with a Bachelor's degree in Communications and Media Studies. I believe that my education as well as past job experiences may be of interest to you as you seek to fill this position. I think that this position, along with this company, is someplace I could be a great asset in. To date, I have had a variety of work and community service experience which focused on teaching students to explore their creative processes in the arts including watercolor, the AVID program, brainstorming and patience. As well as some retail experience learning to interact with all types of people, from all walks of life, and creating social media content for a small local company. I also had an internship in promotions and marketing with a band helping prepare them for a tour in Japan. I also had an internship at Blue Startups where I did a lot of graphic design work. The courses I have taken in college have taught me to use creative communication skills, editing tools, and to creatively think outside of the box. Being born and raised in Hawai‘i has helped train me and learn the importance of the community in working with local companies and businesses as well as good teamwork, working outside of routine when necessary, and going above and beyond by working outside of my position to ensure the establishment succeeds.
Although my resume highlights teaching, retail and graphic design experiences, I genuinely feel I have grown tremendously in this industry. I am eager to spread my expertise into other areas outside of familiarity to be skilled in multiple positions and be helpful in more ways than one. Enclosed you will find in my employment portfolio including my resume, and samples of my work. I can be reached at any time by phone at 808-***-**** or by email at ad4y77@r.postjobfree.com . Thank you for your time, and I look forward to hearing from you.
Mahalo and Sincerely,
Kara Dung
KARA DUNG
808-***-****
1015 Wilder Avenue Apt #902
Honolulu, HI 96822
ad4y77@r.postjobfree.com
Instagram: @k4raddesigns
EDUCATION:
Punahou School Honolulu, HI June 2015
Dominican University of California San Rafael, CA
Bachelor of Arts in Communication and Media Studies. Alpha Alpha Beta Communication Honor Society May 2019 EMPLOYMENT:
Lonohana Estate Chocolate Honolulu, HI 3/2023-Present Sales Associate
My responsibilities included learning about the company, its history and the mission statement of the name and brand. Learning about the process of growing cacao and making the chocolate, and to relay and educate customers about it as well. Giving out chocolate tastings, talking about the taste and flavor profile of each chocolate. Creating content (instagram reels and stories) for the company social media. Making iron-ons to put in bags and our company aprons. Photography and restocking products, ring ups and organizing the merchandise. As well as assisting the customers with finding items, as well as talking to the customers and helping them to find gifts for loved ones.
Servco Honolulu, HI 11/2021-1/2022
Product Planning & Inventory
My responsibilities included creating an inspection sheet for the new incoming cars, transferring information from a PDF file onto an Excel sheet, double and cross checking to make sure the information was correct, and helping to update the information hub website (information website for the new cars) with new photos and information.
House of Mana Up Honolulu, HI 4/2021-7/2021
Sales Associate
My responsibilities were learning about all of the companies and the products that are being sold. Restocking products and folding and steaming clothes, changing manikins and displays. Ring ups and organizing the merchandise. Cleaning floor, mirrors and cases. As well as assisting the customers with finding items, as well as talking to the customers and helping them to find gifts for loved ones. Alex and Ani Jewelry store Honolulu, HI 12/2019-7/2021 Sales Associate
My responsibilities were ring ups, restocking and organizing the merchandise. Creating sets/stacks for social media, modeling, making displays and photography of merchandise. Helping with social media posts and designing posters and flyers, when needed. Cleaning floor, mirrors and glass cases. As well as assisting the customers, talking to them and helping them to find gifts for loved ones. Punahou Summer School Honolulu, HI
Art Teacher Assistant (4th & 5th) 6/2019-7/2019
Art Teacher Assistant (2nd & 3rd grade) 6/2018-7/2018 Art Teacher Assistant (4th & 5th and 7th grades) 6/2017-7/2017 Art Teacher Assistant (4th & 5th 7th grades) 6/2016-7/2016 My responsibilities included, Helping with lesson plans, teaching the class if the teacher was not in the classroom, preparing for the classes, cutting clay, setting out supplies and tools for students, assisting students with their projects (helped them brainstorm and work individually as well as together). Organizing student artwork keeping track of and taking inventory of art supplies for the classroom. Taking attendance and providing students and parents with directions as needed. Dr. David J. Dung Orthodontics Honolulu, HI August 2018 Orthodontics Assistant (seasonal employment)
Sanitized and organized orthodontic tools, make orthodontic sets, and clean the chair stations and mirrors.
INTERNSHIPS:
Streetlight Cadence Band San Rafael, CA and Honolulu, HI 10/2016-4/2017 Remote Internship
Contact radio stations to promote music, played and promoted music on my radio show, researched Grammy requirements. I created, designed and produced promotional materials for the Japan Tour.
Blue Startups Honolulu, HI 9/2019-9/2020
Graphic Design Business Internship
My responsibilities included making posters, signage, as well as designing t-shirts and lanyards for the East Meets West Conference. I also registered people to attend the East Meets West Conference. As well as making graphics for social media posts on facebook and instagram.
COMMUNITY SERVICE:
Venetia Valley School San Rafael, CA 9/2015-11/2015 After School Watercolor Art Assistant
Help teach the students to watercolor and to design and create colors, to make new colors, help keep them on-task.
Venetia Valley School and San Rafael High School San Rafael, CA AVID (Advancement Via Individual Determination) Teaching Assistant 02/2016-04/2016
02/2017-04/2017
Interact with and assist students in developing work habits to enable them to apply and attend college in the future. Made sure students know the rigors of college level work and how to build these skills.
SKILLS AND STRENGTHS:
I am proficient in all forms of Google applications (Docx, spreadsheets, site, etc.) as well as Microsoft applications (Word, Powerpoint, Excel sheets, etc.) Graphic Design applications: Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, and Canva. I am also proficient in digital photo and video editing software. Social Media: Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn, TikTok and Youtube. I usually work on an Apple computer, iPhone, and iPad but I have re-learned to use Windows or PC. I am very organized and I like to color code schedules and documents to help me to be more efficient in a workplace environment. I will always do what I am told to the best of my ability and if need be I will ask for help. I am a team player and work very well with others and a very good problem solver to think on my feet. References:
Lauren Okano (Summer School Art Teacher) - email: ad4y77@r.postjobfree.com Brian Webb (Streetlight Cadence) - email: ad4y77@r.postjobfree.com Chenoa Farnsworth (Blue Startups) - email: ad4y77@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate