Terry Lin *** E Weddell Drive #**, Sunnyvale, CA *4089
408-***-**** cell ad51xe@r.postjobfree.com

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

More than 15 years in Information Technology Dev Ops and Systems Administrator experience. Including 10 years of Sun Solaris Unix, 10 years of Linux and more than 15 years of Systems Admin & Engineering experience in Solaris Unix, Ubuntu, Red Hat RHEL 7/8/9, Cent OS and SUSE Linux, Windows Servers.
Managed more than 25,000 servers in both office and data center collocation for staging and production systems in the IT Operations department by opensource Linux operating systems.
Implemented by running a global large-scale virtualized infrastructure in AWS, Azure & OpenStack cloud.
Automated Unix Jumpstart & Linux Kickstart Cobbler, Chef, Ruby, Python, CMC (Configuration Management Controller), Puppet for installation and configuration, command-line and Bash shell scripting.
Implemented multiple platforms such as RHEL, CentOS, Fedora, SUSE, Ubuntu Linux, Solaris Unix, more than 2 years in AWS, Azure & OpenStack cloud platforms, GitHub, Jenkins, etc.
Organize and optimize tickets or any internal/external customers’ requirement systems as a lead/manager.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, as well as oral and written skills.
Project Management skills with Microsoft Team, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, for Project management.
Expertise with Wiki, Confluence and JIRA Service Desk for projects, tasks, and tickets.

EXPERIENCE
Cepheid Inc. Sunnyvale, CA
Sr. Linux System Engineer 4/2023 - 4/2024
Design, Implement, and maintain Windows products software update Linux Kernel and Patch, Windows patch deployment, and Linux OS imaging by Clonezilla, Rescuezilla & Macrium Reflect.
Design, implement and maintain scalable package, build and deployment automation frameworks.
Manage various vendors with hardware, software, and language translations for SW Dev team.
Support SW installer development for the products in ARM RISC architecture in Firmware & DevOps.
Define and maintain version, branching and merging plan for multiple parallel software releases.
Administration and support VMware ESXi and vSphere for software engineering teams.
ASML Inc. San Jose, CA
Sr. HPC Systems Engineer 11/2021 – 3/2023
Design and perform HPC High Performance Computing SLURM & IBM Spectrum Symphony technical support, including installation, configuration, imaging, documenting, and presenting HPC roadmaps.
Maintenance of HPC computer rack/hardware & implement ARM Architecture HW issues professionally.
HPC rack, build, cable, configure NVDIA GPU and provision RHEL 7 Linux kernel, & Windows servers.
Create, maintain, and delete various IP networks and services (DNS, routes, DHCP, etc).
Troubleshooting and resolving hardware problems on Linux cluster HW, Kernel and networking equipment
Worked in the development of Super-computing System Admin & engineering.
Setup, Configure and Maintenance vSphere VMware Tanzu & created more than 120+ CentOS RHEL Linux and Windows servers for QA & Azure cloud systems performance analysis and tuning.
Solid knowledge on the HPC cluster systems, including high-bandwidth inter-connect fabrics, scalable high bandwidth storage, CPU & GPU architecture and a knowledge of cloud-based architect.
Applied Materials, Inc. Santa Clara, CA
Principal HPC Sr Systems Engineer 10/2020 – 11/2021
Lead the migration procedure for High-Performance Computing master node in multiple locations for clusters & server maintenance by Slurm to 250+ RHEL 7 & 8 Linux compute nodes.
Performs system administration duties on a Linux HPC Cluster, cluster, & Kernel management, virtualization, cluster usage monitoring, health monitoring, job scheduling, and application integration/installation.
Responsible for VMware Tanzu for implementation/integration and systems performance analysis.
Manages hardware and software applications in the production environment provided to HPC users and patches updates and coordinates with vendors to resolve HW Drivers issues in HPC Cluster.
Configure, and integrate open-source applications into HPC High Performance Computing & IBM Spectrum Symphony and efficiently to use internal SW systems in on-premed and Azure cloud.
Monitors the availability of patches and updates and evaluates the importance to the environment and schedules installations accordingly by Prometheus and Grafana.
Cadence Design Systems San Jose, CA
Principal HPC Systems Engineer 8/2019 – 10/2020
Work under the operational strategy for internal High Performance Compute (HPC) farms in Cadence locations for clusters & server maintenance on both IBM LSF (Load Sharing Facility) & Altair PBS (Portable Batch System), RHEL 7, 8, 9 Linux GIT control Source, Terraform, and Ansible.
Work in the US based server farm team with Azure cloud to meet operations SLA for Global users.
Maintaining, enhancing, monitoring, VMware servers, VMware Tanzu and improving farm efficiency.
Implemented with maintaining Server Farm Servers and Clusters for Business Units.
Undertake complex projects in a constantly changing environment and complete them before the deadline.
Cisco Systems/WebEx Meeting Support Operation Milpitas, CA
Production Operation Sr Systems Engineer 5/2017 – 07/2019
Implemented with maintaining and supporting WebEx Meeting Services Operation systems Production & Federal change & deployment by open source applications with daily dashboard monitoring tools.
Work closely to monitor, support, and deploy WebEx multi-components AWS, Azure Cloud solutions at scale, impacting millions of customers worldwide with the portal solution from New Relics to AppDynamics with regular European, APAC, and US Federal customers by Cisco UCS servers.
Extended implementation of Configuration Management Console, Puppet, Jenkins, Jira & monitoring, Delivered daily version changes deployments for Production and FedRamp (Federal) environment.
Managed VMware, RHEL 7, AWS, Azure, OpenStack, Java, Kubernetes in a global cloud virtualized.
Experienced in Build Automation tools by Python on Jenkins, Release Management with CI/CD, GIT branching strategy Interact with Client’s engineering teams across geographies in SLA.
Worked remotely every night with Dev team for the deployment and implementation.
Yahoo, Inc. Sunnyvale, CA
Mobile Search DevOps Systems Engineer 10/2015 – 04/2017
Support manages and plan in Dev Ops team to setup/install/patch software packages and assist to debug and fix the system alerts of production system services from OpenStack in Ubuntu, CentOS, RHEL 7.
Responsible scripting by command-line of DevOps, planning, performance management, deployment & release engineering by using tools like Apache, Chef, Json, Kubernetes, GitHub, Puppet and Hadoop.
Work with team for On-Call, monitor VMware Tanzu, Splunk, Yaml, Nagios and multiple cross-functional helping deliver the new service to the users while ensuring Security, Reliability for Search services.
Performed project managed Qualys Vulnerabilities scan and check Linux/Unix hosts to patch the systems.
Helped Lab activities such as rack & stack to setup systems to move on for QA & Production testing.
Worked remotely every other day for special project that needs to meet with the other teams.
Symantec - Verisign Mountain View, CA
Production Operation Sr Systems Engineer 12/2013 – 09/2015
Manage and administer a uniform group of infrastructure components and act as a tier one interface to IT/non-IT users, troubleshot/resolved tickets from Ops Jira tickets as well as dispatching complex tickets.
Support DDOS security attack by Apache, Tomcat, Tomcat Jenkins, WebLogic, and JBOSS technology.
Manage and install web certificates (SSL, Client Authentication Certificates) by open source applications.
Work with IBM’s, NetApp’s, EMC’s, Cisco’s and Apple’s vendors to replace devices via RMA.
Maintain and use tools of Splunk, Keynote, Puppet and Nagios for troubleshooting and reporting.
Implement and manage system administration Bash shell scripting such as provisioning on RedHat, CentOs, Ubuntu, Debian Linux, MS Windows, IBM AIX and Solaris UNIX.
Cisco Systems - WebEx IT Santa Clara,CA
IT Systems Administrator 05/2012 – 11/2013
Install and configure OSSEC, VMware vSphere, Tanzu, Exs/Exsi 3, 4 & 5 servers and Ubuntu & RHEL 7 Linux servers and responding to Data Center Ops team for servers move and decom EOL physical boxes.
Duty including On-Call and automation configuration, troubleshooting Puppet and VMware management.
Ordered and setup Cisco UCS servers for VMware Vsphere migration and installed VMware Tanzu.
Setup and configure sFTP servers by implementing Dev system from the virtual servers within 60 days.
Work with IBM’s, NetApp’s, EMC’s, Cisco’s vendors to replace devices via RMA.
Daily works including manage MySQL DB App servers Apache, Tomcat, Jenkins, and Puppet Labs, etc.
Implement and maintenance Backup/Storage solution by conferencing better system performance tuning.
Help running a global large scale virtualized infrastructure in AWS & Azure cloud with DC NOC team.
NASA/Ames Research Center Moffett Field, CA
IT Systems Administrator 1/2010 – 5/2012
Install, configure Rocks Cluster, CentOS Linux cluster, DUO and responding to servers outages.
Dealt with NASA procurements, rack and stack servers and network switches, troubleshooting.
Implement and maintenance RAID array storage systems by fine tuning Bash/SH scripts and adding cron jobs to better system performance tuning. Help implement Mac notebook with OS X Apple OS.
Applying government security requirement to harden Linux by patching and removing, users, services.
Implement & maintenance corporate production Solaris Unix and RHEL/CentOS/Fedora/Ubuntu Linux.
Coordinated with ClearCase admin to setup/configured files and update packages to meet the requirements.
Install, configure, upgrade Servers on Fedora, Red Hat Linux with Yum, puppet & Xen, VMware Tanzu.
IBM Silicon Valley Lab San Jose, CA
SDS Unix/Linux Systems Admin 9/2008 – 1/2010
Setup RHEL 7 Kickstart for IBM x/iSeries and Intel server hardware setup and configure Linux patches.
Setup and install BigFix and scan Qualys scan for severity vulnerability and audit requirements.
Coordinated with DB2/Oracle DBA to configure SWAP files and update packages for the requirement.
Install, configure and maintain more than 1000 xSeries on Ubuntu, SuSE 9, 10 & 11 RHEL 4 & 5 Linux.
Successfully setup, configured, and documented 500+ new Linux systems within a couple of weeks.
Setup PXE boot Kickstart server, manage HW mount and install, configure CentOS Linux in data center.
Core Mobility, Inc. (Acquired by Smith Micro SW) Mountain View, CA
IT Systems Administrator 8/2003 – 9/2008
Manage projects such as NAB (Name Address Book) on IBM System x3550/x3650 and System x & zSeries.
Setup Kickstart RedHat, SuSE, Ubuntu Linux installation, VMware Tanzu installation/configuration.
Implement Nagios and SiteScope monitoring tools for monitoring and eliminating systems downtime.
Setup and implemented Open Source applications such as Apache, Oracle (SunOne) Java, MySQL, etc.
Managed hardware mount with monitor and systems performance and resources by using Avocent KVMs.
Install and setup CentOS, Fedora, Ubuntu, RedHat Linux and perform systems administration daily tasks.
SKILLS
Operating Systems: RHEL 7/8/9, CentOS 5/6, Fedora 10, SuSE 10/11, Ubuntu Linux, Sun Solaris 8, 9 & 10 Unix. Windows 2003 Server Active Directory, Mac OS X, iMac, VMware Tanzu.
Hardware Devices: Mac Books, Dell PowerEdge IBM System xSeries, Cisco routers and switches Catalyst series, F5, AX2100 Load Balancers, EMC, NetApp Filer View Storage boxes.
Application: MySQL Enterprise, JAVA, JBoss, ANT, F5 Load Balancers, Nagios, VMware Tanzu, CMC, Jira, GitHub, Jenkins, Altiris, Linux Kickstart, Solaris Jumpstart, Cobbler, Puppet, GIT, SVN.
Transferable Skills: Communication, ability to work with a diversity of people, ability to plan and organize, time management, analytical problem solving, Project Management, & customer service skills.
CERTIFICATION/ EDUCATION
* Cisco CCNA * Red Hat RHCT * Solaris SCSA * AWS Essentials * AWS, Azur Solution Architect course
MBA, Masters Business Administration, National University, San Jose, California
BS, Computer Science Bachelors, San Jose State University, San Jose, California
BA, Architecture Design Dept. Bachelors, Tamkang University, Taipei, Taiwan, ROC.
Contact this candidate