Profile
System Administrator with six years of experience specializing in Office 365 Administration, day to day operations of Cisco Communications Platforms, and third tier escalation support for end users. Proven track record of successful projects and end user resolutions.

Professional Experience:

Systems Administrator, Milgard Windows and Doors, Tacoma, WA
10/16 – 3/2024

Designed, Developed and Executed Sharepoint 2007 to Sharepoint 365 migration project.
Coordinated with cross functional sales and service teams across company to implement call auto attendant calling tree and structure.
Supported multiple sites across states and countries, including flying or driving to location as requested.
Windows 11 testing and acceptance.
Provide superior end user support, troubleshoot Tier 2 and 3 issues, document resolutions, teach resolutions to technicians, provide technical guidance for 1500+ end users on new systems, software, and devices.
Design and implement remote work project.
Provide backup for IT purchasing, including creating standard configurations.
Purchase and track users licensing for software applications.
Backup network administrator
Coordinate with vendors for support and installations as required.

Helpdesk Supervisor, Sefnco Communications, Puyallup, WA
2/16 – 9/16

Evaluated and implemented new ticketing system.
Directed 4 person staff locally and in other states, created schedules that supported business requirements.
Created escalation paths and knowledgebase.
Establish IT purchasing guidelines and documentation.
Designed and implemented conference rooms projection project.
Supervised software implementations, such as Windows 10 upgrade, Sophos, and Absolute Data installations
Trend analysis of tickets and created reports for management.

Systems Technician, Lanphere Enterprises, Renton, WA
02/12 – 02/16

Support 600+ users locally and remotely
Created onboarding and offboarding process for end users, including CRM systems with appropriate permissions.
Research and implement web conferencing software.
Created standardizations in local desktop configurations.
Super user access tor Cisco Communications
Coordinated with vendors for support and installations.
MDM admin

Technical Support, Northwest Territorial Mint, Federal Way, WA
02/11 – 11/11

Sole onsite support for two locations
Developed and implemented Active Directory organization, as well as implementing photos.
Update firmware on switches.
Diagnose and resolve desktop related issues.
Maintained phone system.

Systems Support Analyst, Wilbur-Ellis Company, Renton, WA
8/2004 – 11/2010
Remotely support 150+ users across the country.
Follow knowledgebase procedures to escalate to business analyst.
Establish procedures for hardware and software.
Implemented Imaging Software and trained users on correct procedures and usage.
Document and configure cell phones for work use.
Troubleshoot remote and local connection issues.
Second tier escalation point for support desk.
Active Directory use and maintenance.

Educational Background / Awards

Corporate Employee of the Quarter Q3 2020 – Milgard Windows and Doors
Corporate Employee of the Quarter Q2 2019 – Milgard Windows and Doors
Associate of Applied Science: Network Specialist, 2000, Highline Community College
How To Be An Effective Manager – Skill Path Company, 8/29/2008

Mark Buehler
253-***-****
ad53mw@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate