Bashar Anmar
Austin, TX
Email: ad54yc@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 737-***-****
EDUCATION
Associate Degree Mechanical Engineering 2007
AWS associate solutions architect 2020
RHCSA RedHat Certified System Administrator 2021
RHCE Red Hat Certified Engineer 2024

SUMMARY

Over 10+ years in the field of technology industry as Linux, Unix Systems Administrator/Consultant.
Experience in Linux Operating System including File Systems, Processes, Performance tuning and troubleshooting.
Datacenter migration, Production support (tier 1-3), on-call 24x7 support
Risk management
IT Service Management (ITSM) best practices, with a solid understanding of ITIL methodologies and frameworks, ensuring alignment of IT services with business objectives.
Patching, security and server hardening of Linux OS.
Experience in Installing RHEL6, 7 using Kickstart servers and using PXE boot.
Installing YUM Server & Client, Installing (Kickstart Installation) and configuring of Linux (Red Hat RHEL 5, 6,7 and 8)
Administration and 24/7 support.
Extensive experience in network management TCP/IP, DNS, NFS and VLAN.
Experience in configuration of NIS, DNS, DHCP, NFS, LDAP,IDM SAMBA,postfix, sendmail, ftp, remote access, security management and Security trouble shooting skills.
Experience in Redhat directory server and Redhat identity management.
Experience in Disaster Recovery and Planning.
Hardware configuration, installation and management on Cisco UCS, HP servers and Workstations.
Experience with Samba, autofs, Kerberos, LDAP, SSL certs, Apache HTTPD experience a plus.
Experience with Shell scripting, bash scripting.yaml
Experience with automation tools like Puppet and ansible.
Handling and generating tickets via the Remedy ticketing tool.
Configured ILOs/IDRAC's and Console connections for HP and Dell servers.
Cloud stack such as Amazon Web Services.
AWS EC2/VPS/IAM/S3/RDS/ELB environment setup automation, orchestration using Terraform,CloudFormation and Ansible.

EXPERIENCE

Peraton/HHSC- Health and human services commission Sep/2021Current
Unix/Linux System Admin
Austin,Tx
Using Ansible to manage web applications configuration files with YAML scripting.
Maintained Ansible playbooks using Ansible roles, utilized file module in Ansible playbook to copy and remove files on remote systems
Create and use Ansible templates to create customized configuration files for hosts.
Creation, Installation and administration of Red Hat Virtual machines in VMware Environment.
Remedy/service now/Jira for ticket based IT service Management software
Proficient in configuring and managing network monitoring solutions, with hands-on experience in deploying and customizing Nagios XI to ensure optimal performance, reliability, and proactive identification of system issues.
Troubleshoot server with network issue, track system metrics and respond to system alerts,uptime, capacity, backup and security.
Regulate IDM to apply SUDO policies to users based on specific requirements and the scalability of the environment.
Manage firewall rules for new servers to enable communication $ security using firewallcmd/IPtable, Monitor and control disk space usage.
Automation patch using Satellite server and Ansible YAML.
Manage repos, content view and publish new version.
Installed, configured and maintained multiple Red Hat Satellite Servers, and custom repositories.
Extensive use of Rsync utility for customized data migration from UNIX to Linux systems.
Creating, cloning Linux Virtual Machines, templates using VMware Virtual Client 5/6 and migrating servers between ESXhosts.
Day to day troubleshooting and support for the end users.
Developed automated processes that run daily to check disk usage and perform cleanup of file systems on Linux environments using shell scripting and CRON.
Patch administration - Red Hat Linux.
scheduled Dev Linux system upgrades weekly.
User administration (setup and maintaining account), password and identity management
Troubleshooting Network, memory, CPU, swap and File system issues, TCP/IP, NFS, DNS, SMTP in Linux.
Administration of repetitive Jobs using Cron scheduling, and using bash Scripts to accomplish the task on multiple servers.
Performance tuning of Virtual Memory, CPU, system usage in Linux.
Installation of third party tools using packages.
Logical Domains (LDOMS),control domains(CDOM) All variations of FS including ZFS, vSwitches and other relevant Solaris technologies

Responsible for installation, configuration, upgrade, troubleshooting and maintenance of RHEL 6/7 and Systems Firmware upgrade on T-series and HP Blade servers
Installation, configuration and maintenance of RHEL Operating System with Server Virtualization on VMware ESX 5,6
Disk subsystem configuration, File systems and logical volume planning and configuration, using LVM.
Monthly security patching including OS upgrade regular patching on RHEL.
Deploying Puppet for automated management of machine configurations
Working on Configuration management Tools like Puppet.
Worked on configuring and maintaining Virtualization infrastructure on VMware ESXi and Virtual center deployment.
Datacenter migration for Linux based servers, using rsync.
Managing CRON jobs, batch processing and job scheduling.
TCP/IP Configuration like assigning IP addresses, configuring network interfaces, assigning static routes, host names etc.
Network troubleshooting with tcpdump and ip trace.
Using Remedy and Service now tools for ticketing systems.
Provide 24*7 production supports for sev1/sev2 issues and performing weekend changes during tech window.
Formatted raw disks & partitioned them using the fdisk utility. Created file system using newfs and mounted it.
Configuring of nodes, Virtual IP, Private and Public network.
Utilized Linux Terminal Server for removing fat client management, save on administration Provide users with a more reliable & secure environment.
Using Redhat Satellite Serve to deploy a new system.

Paradigm Austin, Texas
Senior Linux Administor June/2018 Sep/2021

Plan, design, Implementing, Installation and configuration Operating System Installation and upgrade on Red Hat Linux 5, 6 on & HP-Dl585, DELL DRAC and VMware.
Configured NIM in AIX 5.x, 6.x, 7.x, KickStart Server in Linux 4.x, 5.x and JumpStart Server, kickStart and JumpStart server.
Creating, cloning Linux Virtual Machines, templates using VMware Virtual Client 3.5 and migrating servers between ESX hosts.
Working on Volume management, Disk Management, software RAID solutions. File system Tuning and growing.
Implemented centralized container logging and monitoring using CloudWatch
Worked on updating and publishing Architecture documents for LPAR configuration, Network configuration & Storage Configuration.
Build Yum and RPM repository Server for Development team to upload packages, Written UNIX Shell scripts for monitoring & clean up old files.
Implemented P2V virtualization from Dell hardware to VMware machines with RHEL4.5, 4.6, 5.3 as guest OS.
Creating and deleting and managing user accounts and managing user quotas on the Network, Installed Apache Hadoop on Redhat Cluster servers.
Experienced in configuring and managing Amazon EC2 instances, ensuring seamless integration with AWS environments to improve productivity and meet dynamic business needs.
Demonstrated expertise in scaling and automating EC2 deployments, applying best practices for security and resource efficiency, contributing to the efficiency and stability of cloud-based applications.
Configuring DNS, DHCP, NIS, NFS in Red Hat Linux 4.0 & other Network Services, Linux kernel, memory upgrades and swaps area.
Administration/Configuration of Print Servers/Clients in the Network, planning, configuration and maintenance of connectivity for servers as well TCP/IP configuration.
Network trouble shooting using ‘ndd’, 'traceroute', 'netstat', 'ifconfig' and 'snoop' and Monitored server and application performance & tuning via various stat commands like vmstat, nfsstat, iostat etc and tuned I/O, memory, etc.
Setting up network environments using TCP/IP, NIS, NFS, DNS, SNMP agents, DHCP and Proxy.
Preparing servers for Oracle RAC installation which includes tuning the kernel, agent installation, adding NAS storage.
AWS EC2/VPS/IAM/S3/RDS/ELB environment setup automation, orchestration using Terraform,CloudFormation and Ansible.
Experienced at Launching EC2 instances, setting up security groups and configure Elastic Load Blanacers with the EC2 auto Scalling groups.
Experience in Developing, BASH shell scripts to automate cron jobs and system maintenance. Scheduled cron jobs for job automation.
Moved File Systems from one volume group to another volume group.
Configure and maintain Windows 2000 Server that runs DNS, DHCP and active directory services.

Aecom Hunt- Fairmont
Austin, Texas
Senior Linux administrator August/2016- June/2018

Responsible for installation, configuration, upgrade, troubleshooting and maintenance of RHEL 6/7 and Systems Firmware upgrade on T-series and HP Blade servers
Installation, configuration and maintenance of RHEL Operating System with Server Virtualization on VMware ESX 5,6
Disk subsystem configuration, File systems and logical volume planning and configuration, using LVM.
Monthly security patching including OS upgrade regular patching on RHEL.
Deploying Puppet for automated management of machine configurations
Working on Configuration management Tools like Puppet.
Worked on configuring and maintaining Virtualization infrastructure on VMware ESXi and Virtual center deployment.
Datacenter migration for Linux based servers, using rsync.
Managing CRON jobs, batch processing and job scheduling.
TCP/IP Configuration like assigning IP addresses, configuring network interfaces, assigning static routes, host names etc.
Network troubleshooting with tcpdump and ip trace.
Using Remedy and Service now tools for ticketing systems.
Provide 24*7 production supports for sev1/sev2 issues and performing weekend changes during tech window.
Formatted raw disks & partitioned them using the fdisk utility. Created file system using newfs and mounted it.
Configuring of nodes, Virtual IP, Private and Public network.
Utilized Linux Terminal Server for removing fat client management, save on administration Provide users with a more reliable & secure environment.
Using Redhat Satellite Serve to deploy a new system.

Flextronics Oct-2015/Mar-2016
Austin, Texas
Linux/Unix Engineer

Configuring DNS, DHCP, NIS, NFS in Red Hat Linux 4.0 & other Network Services, Linux kernel, memory upgrades and swaps area.
Administration/Configuration of Print Servers/Clients in the Network, planning, configuration and maintenance of connectivity for servers as well TCP/IP configuration.
Network trouble shooting using ‘ndd’, 'traceroute', 'netstat', 'ifconfig' and 'snoop'.
Experience in Developing KORN, BASH, PERL, Python shell scripts to automate cron jobs and system maintainance. Scheduled cron jobs for job automation.
Involved in Implementation of Oracle RAC.
Administration and Troubleshooting Solaris servers running business critical application & Web Logic applications.
Installation of web logic, upgraded to service pack updates, installed. BEA patches, configuring and creation new domain, start and stop web logic server.
Production support of Apache, Apache HTTPD, JBoss, Tomcat including installation, configuration, management and troubleshooting.
Configure and maintain Windows 2000 Server that runs DNS, DHCP and active directory services.
Formatted raw disks & partitioned them using the fdisk utility. Created file system using newfs and mounted it.
Configuring of nodes, Virtual IP, Private and Public network for Oracle RAC.
Utilized Linux Terminal Server for removing fat client management, save on administration Provide users with a more reliable & secure environment.
Implementation of numerous VMware ESX virtual machines (2.5.x and 3.0).
Created high availability iSCSI SAN optimized for HyperV and VMware server virtualization environments.
Experience in creating Groups, Resources, Setting the resource properties and making Resource Online on MS Cluster Service.
Worked in configuring and setup connectivity between web servers, database servers and directory servers as a process server administrator.

US Army (ANHAM NOUR USA) Aecom Feb/2009 March/2015
Unix Administrator
Iraq Taji / IZ

1000+ Linux (Physical, Blade and VM) servers support
Troubleshooting on various Linux OS and hardware issues.
Building both Virtual and Physical servers in RHEL 5, 6 and 7 environments from scratch.
Installation of OS and maintenance of HP Blades, Rack and Stack, Stan alone.
Managing Kickstart profile for server builds.
VMWARE tools patch and updates. Upgrade VM HARDWARE version from for upgrading CPUs.
Assign Asset Tag for each physical servers prior to release. Keep inventory of the Asset number, Resource info, and location info of each newly built servers.
AIX server Administration
Deploying server OS from Template, Kickstart profile, OVA, ISO image, PXE boot.
Virtual Machine restores from snapshot.
Providing user support for troubleshooting the issues, software upgrades, Configuration of networks.
Assigning VIPs, IP bind/Unbind, decommissions of VIPs.
Redhat 7 Pacemaker Cluster Creation in both Virtual and Physical servers.
NFS, Cifs, samba share environment with troubleshooting and fixing issue in over 2000+ servers
Printer Server configuration, setup and troubleshooting with issue.
Setting up Cron jobs for daily, weekly, and monthly as per requirements in the server for various task such as running backup, checking configuration files…
Network configuration in the server, Changing Network.
Opening Case with Red Hat, Centrify and HP depending upon the issue and resolution.
Restoring server from snapshot taken in past days for the broken servers.
Extending Disk, LVM, partition, migrating DATA
Increasing CPU, memory, and disk on both Physical and Virtual servers.
Setup Samba shares with AD authentication.
Managing Centrify and Multi Factor Authentication (MFA) in the servers and troubleshoot on various related issues on all Redhat linux server.
Contact this candidate