Keith Shoemaker
*** * ********
Mesa AZ *****
M- 602-***-****

Summary:
Skilled Systems Administrator with management background and 11+ years of private and publicly held commercial business environment experience. A proven track record with technologies to deliver on time and scalable projects to customers. Resourceful and diplomatic with good interpersonal, management and excellent problem-solving skills. A highly self-motivated individual who is quick to learn and keen to undertake challenging new tasks.

Skills:
Database Administration
Microsoft SQL Server 2000
Microsoft SQL Server 2005
Microsoft SQL Server 2012
Microsoft SQL Server 2019

Operating Systems
Windows Home
Windows 10
Windows 11
Windows Server (2003)
Windows Server (2012) R2
Windows Server 2019

Application Experience
Azure Applications
Azure Active Directory
Used PowerShell to Add/Delete Assure AD Users, assigned Group polices and Group Assignments.
Server Licensing Management
Microsoft Exchange 2003-2019
Microsoft Office365
GFI Event Manager
NetApp Storage System
Commvault Backup
VMWare Tools
Microsoft System Management Server
POS System Understanding
Fortigate Router Support

Project Experience
PCI Security Adherence
System Architecture
Software diagnoses and Application Support
Implementation/Change Control Mgmt.
Windows Licensing and Audit
Video Conferencing

KS TECH Consulting LLC July 2022 – Current
Owner
KS Tech Consulting LLC is a company focused on providing Technical Services to the US Commercial and Phoenix Residential Markets.

VIPEREA March 2011 – July 2022
Systems Administrator
Viper Enterprise Acceleration (EA) is a profit optimization company. The division in Scottsdale, acquired by Spark Resultants LLC in March 2021, formerly known as Spark Analytics, is a software development house (ISV) focused on Business Intelligence, Loss Prevention and Operational Best Practices in the Retail vertical.
Achievements:
Successfully migrated company email accounts to Assure Office365 with no downtime or data loss, and improved email security with two-factor authentication.
Used PowerShell to assign users to Azure Active Directory and Group Policies.
Managed Data Privacy through Group Policies and AD Group Assignments.
Adhered to and enforced PCI standards and security practices with MSP and company associates.
Successfully configured and tested Red Gate SQL backups of customer data ensuring continuity of operations.
Successfully migrated company Active Directory to Azure creating a hybrid AD service to allow remote associates to change passwords and adhere to group policies. Also worked with MSP to migrate virtual servers to Azure as well.
Successfully nurtured customer relations with customer IT Associates.
Self-learner, with a passion for doing the right thing.
Customer focused engaging personality and Team Player
Responsibilities:
Installed managed & maintained network and server infrastructure, email systems, application
and database systems, in physical and virtual environments.
Maintained strict adherence to PCI Compliance on environments.
Worked with Customers and company Associates to address data processing and analytical code to address data issues.
Main contact with Hosted environment company to address virtual environmental issues.
Configured and maintained adherence to SQL and System backups
Administer Office 365, IP Phone system, Backup Systems
Support customers and company associates requests with timely service no matter what it takes.
Maintained Active Directory on PCI and Non-PCI environments via Azure AD.
Environments: Windows Server 2012/2019, Windows 10/11, SQL Server 2012/2019, Microsoft IIS, Reporting Services, Microsoft Office, VMWARE, Microsoft SMS, GFI Event Manager

KS Tech Consulting LLC March 2009 – March 2011
Owner
KS Tech Consulting LLC is a company focused on providing Technical Services to the Phoenix, AZ Commercial and Residential Markets.

March Networks Inc, Trax Retail Solutions March 2000 – March 2009
Systems Administrator
March Networks Inc (MNI) is a company focused on Video Surveillance and Security. The division in Scottsdale, acquired by MNI in September 2006 and formerly known as Trax Retail Solutions is a software development house (ISV) focused on Business Intelligence, Loss Prevention and Operational Best Practices in the Retail vertical.
Achievements:
Working independently, designed, implemented and maintained all IT Infrastructure, telecommunications requirements, as well as business and office applications of Trax Retail Solutions.
Working as a core member of a larger IT Team, migrated established IT environment to broader network security infrastructure and retained position as lead in US operations.
Virtualized and consolidated operational environment into VMWare ESX architecture hosted on IBM Blade Centers using a NetApp Storage Infrastructure. Extended virtualization initiatives to remote support agents.
Administered and maintained BES Server, RSA SecureID authentication server, backup
environments, and enterprise desktop management tools.
As global lead specified, negotiated & implemented cost savings initiatives through introduction of conferencing technologies – Webex web conferencing for customer facing requirements, Lifesize Video Conferencing for global internal communications.
Responsibilities:
Installed managed & maintained network and server infrastructure, email systems, application and database systems in physical and virtual environments.
Managed daily IT functions including hardware and software installations/upgrades, backup and recovery operations, anti-virus management, as well as day to day systems and desktop operations of a diverse software engineering / sales / office environment.
Implemented and maintained bandwidth, telecommunications relationships as well as
communications and remote access needs of mobile work force.
Responsible for IT governance and compliance initiatives including IT audit, software compliance and acted as physical security officer for Scottsdale Office.
Support business Sales and Implementation departments with related IT issues or needs including network consulting and services support.
Researched and recommended new hardware, software and established and maintained relationships with vendors.

Motorola Hospitality Group
Information Services Manager
A diverse foodservice organization providing corporate dining, refreshment service, catering, and retail store operations to employees, customers and visitors in the U.S. Market place. Recognized as the nation's best known and leading edge, self-operated corporate dining program.

Achievements:
Lead evaluation and standardization of operating systems and applications across organization improving communications and data processing efficiencies.
Project management responsibility for the deployment of new Oracle financial application covering all aspects of the business.
Implemented National NCR POS Service Agreement saving organization $5.0K annually.
Successfully deployed web-based employee store catalog with online order processing using Soft Cart software.
Lead the identification and began the upgrade and migration to Touch Screen POS system.
Responsibilities:
Responsible leading group I.S. functions through the development, implementation and maintenance of data processing systems including Oracle applications, web-based applications, POS systems, and desktop workstations.
Manage 3 direct report Associates.
Prepared departmental budgets, P&L data, and business analytics.

Education and Training:
University of Wisconsin - Stout
Bachelor of Science – Business Administration
Introduction to Oracle PL/SQL Certification
CompTIA A+ Training, VS Training 2022 - Current
Contact this candidate