Troy Breaux
**** ********** ** **
Bossier, La **111
ad585e@r.postjobfree.com
Primary Phone: 318-***-****
OBJECTIVE
To provide responsive and competent Technical Support to End Users in areas of product features, installation, use and usability. Willing to Relocate.
EXPERIENCE
6-2019 - 2-2024 QSI, inc. Monroe/Shreveport surrounding areas Maintenance on ATMs, ITMs, TCRs, DVRs, Alarm systems including cameras As well as all of the following, Support, Security, Consulting, Coin Machines Tube system and cameras in the drive thru, DVR/Video/Cameras in the branch and premises, Locks, Night Deposit, Teller Drawers
9-2016 – 6-2019 NCR Monroe/Shreveport surrounding areas Oversee hardware maintenance, installation, network management, multi-vendor maintenance, and software support. Skill-set on products like peripherals, large system printers, plotters, enterprise level servers, communications equipment, networks, and item processing sorters. ATM Maintenance and Support, Break Fix to New Installs. We support a very wide group of major retailers and financial institutes. 06-2014 – June 2015 - CompuCom Systems, Inc. Shreveport, La. Home Office, Self Starter, We used Clearvision for our ticket system. Which could change by the minute. Our ticket system worked off of P1 thru P4 – P1 being highest priority. Our clients mainly involved companies such as Walmart, Target, Home Depot, Lowes, State Farm, etc... Would troubleshoot from as small as replacing or break/fix a printer to troubleshooting a downed Cisco unit. My work included POS units, from IBM to DELL to NCR. From this experience, currently LEXMARK Certified, HP Certified and renewed my A+ Certification. Currently studying for my CISCO Certification. About 60% of this position was Travel. 10% home office material and 30% hands on. With lots of training in between.
7/2006 – 05-2014 Android Industries – Arlington, TX. -Shreveport, La. I.T. Manager – Systems Administrator
Systems Administrator, Planning, Networking, Configurations on Servers from Windows 2000 to 2003, Implement SQL Databases, Perform UNIX operations, help Design Infrastructure, organized budget throughout the year. AI
(Android Ind) is an assembly, sequencing, material handling company for GM and other automobile manufacturers. While in Arlington, TX. There were nearly 600 employees, here in Shreveport, La. Supported Servers, Computers, Printers, Scanners, Infrastructure, Network, Wireless or Static. Add / Remove / Modify users /groups in AD. 7/1/2005 7/2006 IBM Field Services Dallas, Tx
Currently working on an XP Roll-Out for Nokia in Las Colinas, Tx Reimaging IBM / Dell Laptops, Towers... Adding new RAM, HDD Upgrades, Upgrading Network. Working in a secure environment. Adding users to AD / OU, Changing user Passwords. 12/2004 - 7/2005 Campus Corner Inc. Natchitoches, La IT Manager
PC Set-up and Configuration With OS Windows 98, 2000 and XP Pro. Currently setting up Windows 2003 Servers for remote locations Setup deployments for new users
Setup network printers
Setup new user account as well as email and messenger accounts Day to day basic PC/Laptop troubleshooting for the end user. Maintained 7 Locations throughout Louisiana (Printers, Servers PC’s, IP Cameras, etc.) Create spreadsheets for Managers to do their daily reports on. Create Database’s to help Managers with students
Website design and structure/layout
Responsible for the purchases of new PC’s, Laptop’s and Server’s 07/2003 – 11/2004 EDS Natchitoches, La
Systems Administrator
Systems Administrator for Weyerhaeuser Inc.
Maintained all PC’s through the Mill and surrounding areas. Performed daily backup routines
Worked on the Intranet to help support End Users.
For 8 months in this position, I traveled the United States as a Team Leader for a major Deployment. 27,000 PC’s and 1,500 Servers. Each of the PC’s used a specific image and with the Servers, I did the install, but the Admin pushed out the software patches and other updates that it needed. This was sometimes a 20 hour a day operation with lots of travel.
01/2003 - 07/2003 Thales GeoSolutions Baton Rouge, La IT Manager
PC Set-up and Configuration with OS Windows 2000 and XP Pro Setup and Maintained Exchange Server 5.0 with new and or existing users. Setup Windows 2000 Server
Maintained Server with new and or existing users and there accounts. Trained Users on CAD 2000
Built High-End PC’s for use with CAD
Tested underwater Equipment, Diagnosed and repaired if needed. 10/2002 - 12/2002 (Contract Position) NOKIA Americas, Inc. Los Colinas, TX Technical Support Specialist lll
PC Set-up and Configuration With OS Windows NT and 98. Setup Deployments for New Users
Configure Laptops for dial-up
Setup encrypting software with passwords.
Setup Network Printers
Setup New User Account as well as Email accounts
Also did day to day basic PC/Laptop troubleshooting for the end user. 8/2000 - 8/2002 WebLink Wireless, Inc. Dallas, TX
Technical Support Specialist ll
PC Set-up and Configuration With OS Windows XP, NT, 98 and 95 · Log-in to network effectively with new users · Configure Network Settings (Novell, WINNT, Win95, Win2000 and Windows XP Professional) · Configure E-mail
(Netscape and Internet Explorer and Exchange) · Make images of Hard Drives using Ghost Symantec software · Set-up printer(s) Local and or Network · Help End Users with Log In issues with Windows XP, NT and 95/98 and or Novell. · Set Up profiles for New Users. · Test new software to ensure compatibility with existing software on the PC. · Installing Peripheral Items, such as: Local and Network Printers, Scanners, Copiers, Modems (internal and external), ZIP Drives, Tape Backup Units, Sound Cards, CD-ROM’s, etc… · Multi-tasking Skills- Am able to effectively organize and manage multiple projects as required by tech support managers. · Maintain clean, well- groomed appearance in accordance with published company and department guidelines. · Hardware diagnosis and repair- I know hardware components and hardware functionality very well. I also have a high level of knowledge and skill at diagnosing and repairing hardware failures. 1/1995 - 3/2000 Microsoft Inc Los Colinas, TX
Technical Support Specialist l
PC-Based Support. Troubleshooting for Windows 95 and 98. Supported Publisher 98 and Power Point 97 \ Legacy apps. Trained in Windows 3.x, Windows 95, 98, DOS, Office 97 Worked on Intranet \ Internet with Publisher 98 and other utilities. Worked on Intranet as proposals for internal technical support sites. EDUCATION
Alarm Licensed in Louisiana
Bank Locking Specialist (certified thru Fire Marshal) 6/2000 Microsoft Inc. US-TX-Dallas
Certification
Microsoft Certification Professional
4/1998 Baton Rouge School of Computers US-La-Baton Rouge Certification
A+ Certification, CompTIA
MCSE+I
HP Certified
LEXMARK Certified
Contact this candidate