THOMAS E. VORMWALD
*** ****** ****
Loveland, Ohio 45140
513-***-**** ad5eu0@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
A Corporate leadership position in the Information Technology sector that can fully utilize my broad and diverse background in software and hardware. Making full use of my strong analytical skills, my problem-solving capabilities, my teamwork ethics and experience to accomplish any mission or task assigned.
SUMMARY
I am a Software and Information Technology Specialist with extensive knowledge in multiple operating systems and software products. Installation and configuration of multiple software products across different platforms and documentation of the processes required for supporting these products. An independent thinker and team player with the ability to think outside the box to correct software errors and the ability to quickly learn new technologies and methodologies to support servers and software products on different hardware platforms.
SKILLS
Team Management and Leadership
Subject Matter Expert (SME) for Operating Systems Errors
Unix system administration, installation and tier 3 support
Sun/Solaris 6/8/10/11 Administration
HP-UX 11.00i Administration
Red Hat Linux 7.6 Administration
Fedora core 6 Administration
AWS and Azure experience
Source code debugging and root cause analysis of software errors
K shell scripting
Project Management and leadership skills
Installation and configuration of multiple Operating Systems and software products
25 + years providing Tier II/III level software support and Systems Administration across multiple platforms and operating systems
Six Sigma DMAIC Trained
VMware vCenter trained and experience
Solaris 10 certified

EXPERIENCE

Stromasys (Loveland, Ohio) 2023 – 2024
Installation of software emulator for Old Solaris servers running Oracle Solaris 6,8,9,10,11. Which many are now EOL. Allowing the customer to continue using their existing platforms.

International Paper (Loveland, Ohio) 2021 – 2023
Unix Systems Administrator Duties and responsibilities include the day to day support for Solaris 11 servers, Red Hat Linux servers multiple revisions. On-call rotation ever 6 weeks, also Disaster Recovery responsibilities for fail over servers and application here in Loveland, OH. from Corporate Headquarters in Memphis, TN.

22nd Century Technologies (Beaver Creek, Ohio) 2021 – 2021
Unix Engineer Duties and responsibilities included researching and documenting Virtual Machine creations on the MilCloud 2.0 servers using a Linux 7.9 template that is stable for DISA and DoD Standards. Documenting the process for New Unix Engineers creating VLAN’s and Networking principles within the VMware MilCloud interface.

Prime Technical Services Contracted to (Leidos) Army Corps of Engineers 2020 – 2021
Unix Engineer II duties and responsibilities include working with other team members supporting the Solaris and Red Hat Linux servers for the Army Corps of Engineers. Working with Remedy on a daily basis, managing the ticket queue, patching and building new servers as needed, building new file systems as needed.

Oxomos/Crane Industries (Blue Ash, Ohio) 2020 – 2020
Systems Administrator for Linux systems and the installation of ESXi vCenter software on a Dell Server. The installation of multiple Windows 2016 and 2019 servers for use in a Corporate shared environment.

Belcan LLC. (Blue Ash, Ohio) 2019 – 2020
Senior Systems Administrator (On Assignment to GE, Evendale, Oh)
Responsible Racking and installing Windows 2016 servers and developing the new RHEL 7.6 image for use in secured environments. Analyzing any issues that arise in the environment, trouble shooting and correcting all issues within a team environment.

Stellar-Innovations and Solution Inc. (Moraine, Ohio) 2018 - 2019
Senior Systems/Administrator (On Assignment to the Army Corps of Engineers)
Building, Installation and configuring New Solaris 11 servers for fully functional production servers. Analyzing problems with new builds and working with the current Unix team to correct any issues with new servers. This included travel to 25 locations Nationwide.

VECTRUS (Loveland, Ohio) 2017- 2018
UNIX Engineer II (On assignment to the Army Corps of Engineers)
Duties and responsibilities include working with other team members supporting the Solaris and Red Hat Linux servers for the Army Corps of Engineers. Working with Remedy on a daily basis, managing the ticket queue, patching and building new servers as needed, building new file systems as needed.

LOGIC TECHNOLOGY INC. (Cincinnati, Oh) 2008 - 2017
Enterprise UNIX Administrator (on Assignment to GE GO-IT)
Duties and responsibilities include providing Level 3 (Subject Matter Expert) for systems administration and an escalation point for problems, monitoring and security, for over 10000 Sun/Solaris servers running Solaris 6, 8 and 10, also servers/workstations running HP-UX version 11.00 and 11i, Linux 7.6 servers. Working in a Team environment for the total support for GE UNIX business servers.

Mentoring other Unix administrators on how to repair server problems.
Building new servers utilizing a flash image archive or from CD.
Building Global servers and the containers (Virtual servers) that will run on the Global zone with Solaris 10.
Building and installing Linux 7.6 servers and file systems.
Upgrading over 600 servers to VERITAS Storage Foundation 5.0MP3RP2.
Acquiring new storage and building file systems that are requested.
VERITAS cluster configuration 4.0, 4.1, 5.0, 5.1, adding database logical instances to VCS and building file systems in a clustered environment.
VERITAS Storage Foundation upgrades and integration.
Solaris patching support by way of opsware.
Working with various groups, EMC, CBTS, SUN, HP to identify and correct server errors.
Working with database administrators, Application support analysts to maintain high availability systems on behalf of the customer’s needs.
Problem tracking, resolution and documentation for all work performed.
Working closely with other System Administrators and Project Managers within a team setting.
Escalation point of contact for any errors in installing upgrades or working on server problems.

HEWLETT-PACKARD INC. (Cincinnati, Oh) 2005 - 2008
Systems Administrator (Assignment to GE TSG)
Duties and responsibilities include providing Level 2/3 systems administration, monitoring and security, for over 500 Sun/Solaris servers running Solaris 6, 8 and 10, also servers/workstations running HP-UX version 11.00 and 11i.
Acquiring new storage and building file systems that are requested daily.
VERITAS cluster configuration 4.0 and 4.1, adding database logical instances to VCS and building file systems in a clustered environment.
Working with various groups, EMC, CBTS, SUN to identify and correct server errors.
Working with users, database administrators, Application support and Web support personnel to maintain high availability systems for clients.
Problem tracking, resolution and documentation for all work performed.
Working closely with other System Administrators within a team setting.

FACS GROUP INC. (Mason, Oh) 2004 – 2005
Systems Administrator
Duties and responsibilities include systems administration, monitoring, security, account creation / deletion, system back- ups for 3 HP 9000 servers running HP-UX version 11.00. Systems Administration for 2 IBM AIX Unix servers running IBM AIX 4.2.1. Project Management skills following a project development lifecycle.
Working with HP support analysts in determining course of action for software updates, security updates and system performance.
Working with system users, database administrators and users to maintain fully functional catalog servers for Macy’s department stores
Developing support scripts to maintain HP-UX servers, written in K-shell.
Support and administration for Windows servers running NT 4.0, 2000 and 2003
Utilizing Windows support software to monitor large Windows servers
Project Management of the Microsoft Active Directory migration to users’ desktops

CONVERGYS CORPORATION (Cincinnati, OH) 1998-2003
Systems Analyst/Administrator
Duties and responsibilities included tier level II support for Cellular Telephone Provisioning software and Systems Administration on Sun/Solaris 8 Servers.
Team Management and Leadership
Subject Matter Expert for specific software products.
Project Management skills: Development, Documentation, Installation and Configuration of software applications and hardware support.
Extensive Oracle Database support and PL/SQL programming.
Source code debugging and root cause analysis of software errors.
Lotus Notes Database Management/Development.
Disaster recovery utilizing VERITAS net back-up
Clear Case / JAD usage for source code.
Web Sphere installation and configuration and provided tier II support.
Sun/Solaris Unix Administration for multiple servers and users.
Knowledgeable in C++ programming language, Perl and Korn Shell scripting.
Managed MQ Series interface for transmittal of service requests.
The administration of large Oracle databases for the following clients: AT&T, Verizon, Cincinnati Bell Telephone, ALLTEL, AmeriTech, TeleCorp, TELEPAK and TELESP Wireless clients.
Monitoring multiple Oracle databases and overall system health of large Sun/Solaris servers.
Software Development to measure performance of large Oracle databases on Sun/Solaris systems to meet the customer’s service level agreements. Analysis of data to satisfy the SLA for clients
EDUCATION

Community College of the Air Force Information Technology Degree
2007-2013
Bachelor of Science Degree State University of New York College at Oswego (Oswego,NY) NY)
1992-1996
Electronic Technician, Cortland - Madison BOCES Vocational Technical School (Cortland,NY)
1979-1981
CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA Security+ CE
Solaris 10

2014-Present
2017-Present
MILITARY EXPERIENCE: UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS

1980-1990
Sept 1980 - June 1981 (Reserve)
June 1981-June 1990 (Active Duty)

OHIO AIR NATIONAL GUARD: UNITED STATES AIR FORCE

2006-2017
Oct 2006 – Sept 2017 (Retired)

MILITARY EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Marine Corps Basic Training, Parris Island, SC. 1981

Armor Crewman School, 1981

USMC Non-Commissioned Officer Leadership School. Camp Lejune, NC.
1983

Navy Substance Abuse Prevention Program. University of Arizona.
1984

Certified Prisoner Escort, 1984

Tank Commander Proficiency School, Camp Pendleton, CA. 1985

USMC Staff Non-Commissioned Officer Career Non-Resident Program. 1987
Substance Abuse Information Course. University of Miami. 1988
DoD Classified Clearance. 1988
Law of Armed Conflict Air Education and Training Command, 2007
Use of Force Air Education and Training Command, 2007
Counterintelligence Awareness Air Education and Training Command, 2007
Explosive Ordinance Reconnaissance Air Education and Training Command, 2007
Antiterrorism/Force Protection Air Education and Training Command, 2007
Information Assurance Air Education and Training Command, 2007
Records Management Air Education and Training Command, 2007
Self Help and Buddy Care (Emergency First Aid) Air Education and Training Command, 2007
Trafficking in Persons Air Education and Training Command, 2007
Communications – Computer Systems Operations School, AETC Keesler AFB, MS. 2007
USAF Airmen Leadership School. 2007
USAF Non-Commissioned Officer Leadership School. 2012
DoD TS/SCI – 2007 – revised to Secret in 2019
DoD Secret Clearance effective July 2019 (Renewal 2029)

MILITARY EXPERIENCE – UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS
Establishing and maintaining perimeter security by the placement of observation and listening posts.
Preparation and inspection of tanks, personnel and equipment for combat operations.
Requisition and supervise the distribution of equipment and supplies to a tank company of 300 plus personnel.
Performed the duties of a Company Commander, Platoon Commander, Platoon Sergeant and Section Leader in the supervision and instruction for more than 100 subordinates in administrative and military matters, which included but where not limited to field and combat operations.

MILITARY EXPERIENCE – OHIO AIR NATIONAL GUARD
Technical Sergeant in the Ohio Air National Guard as a 3D072 - Cyber Operations Craftsmen.
Duties and responsibilities include Senior NCO of junior members performing computer systems repair, network configuration and server configuration, software installation configuration.
Inventory, pack and load computer equipment, test equipment for Ground / Air Combat Control Support Operations.
Attended Air Education and Training Command (AETC) Keesler AFB, MS.
Class Leader in charge of 16 subordinates during daily training for Cyber Operations AFSC 3C0XX.
Retired September 2017.
Contact this candidate