Reena Rupapara
● Mobile: 862-***-****
● Email: ad5itf@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Experience with Red Hat/CentOS Linux v6.x/7.x/8.x installation, configuration, and troubleshooting.
Familiar with Virtualization Server (VMWARE, VirtualBox).
Experience of system administration on AIX v5.3/6.1/7.1/7.2.
Experience in LPAR/DLPAR technology for installing partitions through NIM and Managing partitions through HMC Console
Experience in LPAR/DLPAR technology for installing VIO server partitions through DVD drive as well as NIM and VIO clients through NIM
Building VIO server and VIO clients according to the requirement
Experience in Virtual I/O (VIO) Shared Ethernet Adapter (SEA), VLAN, VLAN tagging, IVE, NPIV (N_port ID virtualization) configuration, virtual SCSI services to multiple VIO client partitions
Experience with performing Patching using BigFix and Ansible.
Experience with monitoring and managing server performance.
Familiar with automation skills such as Ansible and scripts languages such as BASH SHELL.
Experience with User and Groups accounts Management, role base access control and security.
Experience with Logical Volume Management (LVM) and file system management.
Experience in installing and configuring NFS, SAMBA, APACHE Webserver, MySQL, SMTP.
Implementation and integration of NTP for time synchronization.
Performing File system backup, Disk backup and cloning, image and clients Backup.
Knowledge in automation of Packages and patching, Ansible playbooks, System security maintenance using automation tools like bash scripting and maintaining user accounts.
Performance monitoring with Splunk and TSOM.
Extensive knowledge of Performance Monitoring of CPU, Memory, Swap, Disk utilization, and monitor networking issues.
Configuring, verifying, and troubleshooting IPv4 addressing and subnetting.
Familiar to Azure Cloud environment.
Provided production support in an on-call rotation in a 24x7 environment.

EXPERIENCE:

Client: ADP - Remote
Consultant: Datamart Systems Inc. June 2021 – Current
Role: Linux Systems Administrator

Responsibilities:
Installed and configured RHEL6.x/7.x/8.x systems in large scale VMware virtual environment and Azur Cloud.
Performed day to day Linux administration tasks such as user account management, AD directory services, file system sharing and permissions.
Install and maintain the operating system and related software products.
Experience of system administration on AIX v6.1/7.1/7.2
Experience in LPAR/DLPAR technology for installing partitions through NIM and Managing partitions through HMC Console
Building VIO server and VIO clients according to the requirement.
Setting up/Configuring VLAN and AIX installation using NIM.
Utilized logical volume management (LVM), analyzing the disk usage and creating disk partitions.
Installed, configured, and maintained services such as NFS, Apache Web Server, SSH, RPM and YUM Repository.
Experience in applying security patches and upgrading Red Hat Linux OS using Ansible.
Used Ansible to deploy software applications, manage configurations for multiple servers.
Installation of LPARs (Fixed, VIOS, VIOC) with help of Network Install Manager (NIM)
Coordinated with IBM CEs for initial setup of the Hardware includes p10, p950, p8, p780 and HMC v6.1,7.0.
Experience using Ansible as configuration management tool. Writing Ansible playbooks to install application stacks and patching. Using Ad-hoc commands as needed for administrative tasks.
Using ACL to manage file permissions for specific users.
Connected Linux systems to Splunk and Nagios server for monitoring.
Worked with security team to perform security audit on VMs using the tool lynis.

Client: MetLife, Albany NY
Consultant: SBS Info Systems LLC April 2018 – May 2021
Role: Linux Systems Administrator
Responsibilities:

Installation, configuration and troubleshoot Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6/7 and Centos 6/7 issues in hardware and software related and configuration issues.
Implementing and Managing LPAR/DLPAR on pSeries servers through HMC
Experience in LPAR/DLPAR/VIO technology for installing partitions through NIM and Managing partitions through HMC Console
Build new servers Including Creating LPAR/ DLPAR, Installing/Configuring VIO servers
Mapping the Virtual scsi drives between VIO server and clients and Creating Shared Ethernet Adapter (SEA) on VIO server for different VLANs.
Installing and upgrading SDDPCM/PowerPath Multipathing software in AIX/VIO.
Managing System Resources like File System, Disk space, Volume Groups, Logical Volumes and Physical Volumes.
Monitored log management on Linux servers, including processes, crash and swap management with password recovery.
Setup configurations and troubleshot NFS, CIFS, LDAP, and samba servers in a multi-platform LAN.
Built, Installed, and configured virtual and physical servers, test and deployed them to network.
Performed Virtualization (VMware ESXI, Oracle Virtual Box).
Connected Linux systems to Single Sign On LDAP/AD Server.
Performed user accounts Administration.
Manage file system such as LVM, and XFS, file permission.
Create users, groups and set file system security.
Archive, compress, unpack, and uncompressed files using gzip, tar, bzip.
Patched and updated servers using RedHat satellite.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Operating System: Linux (RedHat/CentOS/Ubuntu)
Virtualization: VMWare ESXi, Oracle Virtual Box
Networking: SSH, TCP/IP, DNS, NFS, DHCP, FTP
Web/Identity Management: Apache, LDAP, OPEN LDAP
Ticketing System: ITSM, Remedy
Scripting: Bash
Monitoring Tools: Spunk, TSOM
Version Control: GitLab
Configuration Management: Ansible
Automation: Cronjob
Database: DB2, SQL server

Education:
Bachelor of Science (BS)
Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Application (PGDCA)

References: Available on Request
Contact this candidate