Olivia Leckner
Baltimore, MD (Open to Position in Region or Remote)
Availability: Actively looking / now

Brief Summary: Over 20 years of experience serving as an Application IT Analyst, Security, Systems Administrator / Engineer, Desktop Support. Network Monitoring. Offer extensive experience in diverse technical support environments, experienced supporting both government and commercial end clients. Experienced in installation, troubleshooting and decommissioning across multiple platforms including Windows, Linux/UNIX, and Mainframe systems. Well versed in antivirus software, desktops, laptops, IPads, Tablets, mobile devices, servers, backups, WIFI, VPN/remote support, LAN/WAN, Active Directory, Windows Outlook/Exchange, Remedy/Service Now ticketing, protocols, SharePoint, and network devices. Skilled in setting up PIV card readers for federal employees and contractors.
EDUCATION
TRAINING
UMBC Bachelor of Computer Science Stevenson University, Stevenson, MD
Associates of Arts Degree: Computer Information Systems
UMBC, classes and training in Computer Science Towson University, continuing education
Information Security Awareness Training (2018) Anti-Fraud Training (2018)
Network +, Cyber Security +, Towson State University (2017)
Microsoft Windows Server Exam 70-646 Windows Server 2008 Admin, CSM, College of Southern Maryland (May 2015)
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 Administration, CSM, College of Southern Maryland (May 2015)
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 Configuring Network Infrastructure (May 2015)
Completed TCP/IP Communication Protocols in Windows and UNIX Environments (June 2007) Systems Source - Hunt Valley, MD Implementing & Managing MS Exchange (2005) Supporting Network Infrastructure (2005-2006) Administering MS Windows (2004)
Implement/Support MS Windows XP Professional (2004 - 2005)
CERTIFICATIONS

Security + CE Certification obtained in (August 2021) CompTIA A+, 2002, 2003 – (if taken prior to 2012 is good for life)
Cyber Security Specialist - Network Plus, Security Plus (2017)
NOCA Certified (NASA PKI) (January 2015) Registration Authority (RA) Certified (January 2015) MCSA – Windows 8 (May 2015)
Windows 2012 Server (May 2015)
HIPAA Workforce Certified Professional (January 2014) MCP Certified NT 4.0 & 2000 (2003)
Comp TIA Security + CE Certification course of study

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows 10/8/7/ XP/ 2003/ 2000, Microsoft Windows Servers 2012/2008/ 2003, Linux/Unix Administration, Lotus Notes 4.67
Domino server, MS Exchange 2012/ 2007/ 2003 servers
Remote Support: Remote Desktop (RDP): Rescue-Me, Bomgar, Timbuktu, SCCM
Applications/Software: Remedy and SNOW experience, Facets, NASCO, Citrix Metaframe 1.8 Terminal Services, Active Directory/LDAP, Microsoft Office 2013/ 2010/2007/PeopleSoft, Norton Ghost Image, McAfee Antivirus and SPAM filter, Lotus Notes, Exchange 2012/2007/2003 Adobe 13/11, SQL server 2012, VPN, Internet Explorer 13/11, MS-DOS, Client Access for AS/400, Acrserver / Veritas Backups 14/12/11, ODBC, TEMS, IBM Big Fix, IBM Remote Control.
Hardware: Dell & HP Printers, Terminals, SCSI controllers, PC clones, Blackberry devices, IPads, IPhones, all types of Dell/ Sony/ HP, Dell servers/workstations/ laptops
Help Desk Systems: SpiceWorks, MAGIC, Remedy, Heat, Track-It, HP Service Manager

Telecom: Definity PBX switch/ Intuity Audix/Call Accounting System-8410B & 8410D telephones

PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE

Jacobs
Systems Analyst Oct 2022 – Sept 2023

O & M Production Support
Testing in Dev, Dev2, Dev3, Test, and Test2 environments
Monitor respective Team’s and Cross-Team Collaboration Channels for bugs, issues
Generating JIRA tickets
Monitoring Splunk Dashboards, Searching indexes of Applications
Tracking Team ServiceNow requests, ServiceNow tickets, Team accesses, Account accesses of 40+ Applications
Coordinate Scout Workstation provisioning, updates
Assisting with bugs, system logs, errors in Prod, Dev, Dev2, Dev3, Test environments
Keeping track and updating AD Groups for team members
Assisting with Deployments of Scout Workstation and Rollbacks
Coordinating modifications, creation, and closure of Team Member accounts

Boeing Intelligence and Analytics Dec 2020 – Sep 2022
TAC Systems Engineer
Checking logs, System Maintenance documentation, excellent TAC support team, learning Bash

Trained on TAC Application to provide system admin tasks
Writing queries to support analytic teams for in-depth investigation
Monitor and summarize weekly hardware and software issues affecting the program
Participates in the technical design, development
Testing, implementation, maintenance of website enhancements
Oversees systems tests, monitors test results
Participates in special projects as required
Working on Jira tickets and TAC weekly reports

Northrop Grumman Feb 2020 – Nov 2020

MindBank / Mission Essentials 2017-2019
Supported a war fighter ~ Identified root cause of issues ~ Learned about Grids ~ Encrypted radios
Generated system reports ~ Learned about cusses, CIB of satellites from the air and on the ground, the way the signal is received from the satellites to ships, tanks, airplanes, broadcast data to US military

Mission Essentials for IMT contract in VA state
Mindbank Consulting Group, L.L.C. (Federal Government client), Baltimore, MD
IT Support Analyst for SSA client contract - Assist customers with Credentialing Application process to submit background investigation to FBI. Assist customers with Sponsoring Applications to complete the process of HSPD12 Credentialing process. Analyze Certs of PIV cards, troubleshoot logical and physical access for CMS and PIV credentials.

Provide user support for Enterprise Single Sign-On, VPN, McAfee Encryption and mainframe Applications
Troubleshoot and resolve computer issues with Enterprise Single Sign-On resulting in having customers remember userid and multiple passwords to various systems
Perform software and hardware support, installation and troubleshooting of HSPD12 equipment
Troubleshoot and analyze hardware and software workstation problems to include a variety of peripherals and associated software and hardware for HSPD12 enrollment equipment process
Assist and process Credentialing Applications for all roles and stages of HSPD12 Applications and documents
Adjust Windows IE security and system Windows registry settings to function with HSPD12 hardware peripherals
Analyze and process CMS requests resulting in increasing accuracy and timeliness of PIV card Credentials
Upgraded 15,000 + computers and resolved software and hardware issues

Techperm, (Federal Government client), Baltimore, MD 2017

Desktop Support Technician 3
Designed, developed, programmed, and installed computer systems, utilities, printers, maintenance based on customer needs. Provided support to cloned laptops due to various issues such as WIFI not working, data is missing, Outlook E-mail is corrupted, missing software, browser not working, missing archives or missing Outlook files and folders. Performed troubleshooting and maintained Dell printers, as well as copied data from old laptops to new laptops. Provided support to teleworkers and remote users. Used Active Client to back-up the users’ old laptops.
Used Druva to set up users and computers, monitored licensing and pushed out Druva to clients to move data from old computer to new computer. Utilized TEMS/IBM Big Fix to push out software. Verified personal information and identities for federal employees and contractors. Investigated and validated foreign identities for Federal employees and contractors. Setup PIV card readers for Federal employees and contractors.
Performed duties as an on-site Deskside Support Technician through a flexible tiered team approach in support of the infrastructure operations, hardware, software and mobile devices.
Provided on-site and remote technical support to federal government employees leading to issue resolution for all standard local and network printer hardware and all software applications installed on the PC desktops, laptops, tablets, iPad and mobile devices.
Utilized Remedy, Service Now (SNOW), Active Directory, TEMS, Windows 10, Exchange/Outlook, Imaged Dell 7440’s, 7450’s and 7470’s laptops, McAfee, Checkpoint Firewall, AnyConnect, Encrypt and Decrypt hard drive blades, Apple Products, and other enterprise software.
Performed troubleshooting on Windows 10, 8, MS OMS Office 2016/2013, wireless communications and various mobile devices, tracked and updated Remedy ticketing system and/or Service Now (SNOW), supported Active Directory and TEMS and other enterprise software.
Worked with protocol standards TCP/IP, DNS, and DHCP and U.S OPM federal policy, HIPAA, and other federal regulations geared towards ensuring the confidentiality, integrity and availability.
Modified users’ schedules, lists, assets, computers, and users in Share Point Administration.
Installed Sales Logix Data Loader, McAfee, Spectra Guard, etc.

GSFC, (Federal Government client), Greenbelt, MD Dec 2014 – Dec 2016
IT Security Administrator / Lead RSA/PKI Administrator
Lead for the Agency RSA Secure ID tokens. Responsible for Adding/Modifying/Closing Agency RSA Secure ID tokens accounts in multiple systems. Setup VPN access for internal and external customers. Validated Foreign National Citizenship to ensure proper Security access is granted. Key Recovery in the Enterprise Directory
SMA (Security Manager Administration). Verified personal information and identities for Federal employees and contractors. Investigated and validated foreign identities for federal employees and contractors. Setup PIV card readers for Federal employees and contractors.
Installed VPN software, troubleshoot RSA Secure ID tokens.
Created/Modified/Closed RSA Secure ID token accounts. Created/Modified/Changed E-mail addresses for Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) Encryption Certificate.
Made appointments and presented Encryption Certificate to customers. Conducted phone interviews with remote users. Provided training, answered inquiries, and emails regarding Encrypted E-mail messages.
Managed HP Service Manager Queues of MAC /PC’s/ SR’s and SA tickets.
Managed Field Tech’s schedules and assigned Help Desk tickets to Field technicians.
Resolved Encrypted Related SA tickets.

Tissue Banks International, Baltimore, MD Apr 2014 – Oct 2014
Systems Admin/ Help Desk Technician Tier 1-3
As a member of a 6-person IT team, I was the primary point of contact for all IT related issues/problems within the company. Performed imaging of company Desktop and Laptop computers along with various software packages and hardware. Provided end-user support for clinical systems such as Donor Management System (DMS) and Tissue Bank System (TBS). Also supported standard business software solutions including EPICOR ERP, SharePoint and Salesforce.
Analyzed, recorded, researched, monitored and followed up on clients’ inquiries to ensure user satisfaction.
Provided first and second level support to end users with software, hardware, and telecom related issues (i.e. password resets, e-mail resets, and web requests).
Managed the set-up of new users, controlled user changes and canceled accounts. Performed upgrades, repairs and maintenance on the company's PC-related hardware, software, and peripherals.
Documented, tracked and monitored problems to ensure resolution.
Created and maintained an ongoing inventory of all IT equipment within the company.
Provided training in both one-on-one to end users or in a classroom setting.
Worked with Terminal and Virtual servers to look at performance logs and dump files.
Ran SQL queries to setup new user accounts and run reports on SQL 2008 server.
Worked with third party vendors (Windstream) regarding Network monitoring issues.
Setup telephone extensions, ran reports, and set up DID lines of Toshiba phone system.
Provided Administration of user accounts, Group Policy, Shares in Active Directly and Office 365.
Provided remote support to users via Remote Desktops (RDP).
Analyzed Verizon reports, modified Verizon accounts with an approval from a manager and IT Director, and setup iPhones, activated accounts, setup voice mail with Verizon.
Built laptops and desktops from scratch as well as images.
Worked with printer queues, setup printers, scanners, E-mail to scan to TBI employees.
Provided training to new TBI employees of shares, Network drives, printers, Active Sync of Offline files, users’ home drives, VPN, FTP, and SharePoint websites to store documents.

CareFirst Blue Cross Blue Shield/ Altek – Contract Mar 2010 – Oct 2013
Lead Help Desk Level II/III–Multiple Web Portals
As the lead of five help desk individuals, managed, controlled and resolved the inbound ticket volume in high pressure, high volume healthcare websites. Personally, managed the Crisis Managers and ensured coordination through testing. Determined hidden ticket patterns, followed by research and escalation. Engaged in business requirement walkthroughs as well as UAT testing prior to 9 corporate releases. Managed documentation for Frequently Asked Questions. Created and maintained documented steps for Help Desk Policies and Procedures.
Analyzed data in various applications, Facets, CMDB (membership database), NASCO and E-Biz
Supported users and configured IPads, IPhones and iMacs.
Resolved conflict quickly and efficiently with minimal downtime to business.
Resolved the most challenging troubleshooting issues within the complex portal healthcare websites.
Principle documenter of SOP’s, KME’s and training documents for department.
Trained five new help desk subordinates in six-month time while managing personal ticket standards.
Tested data in UAT Test Environment before corporate releases to verify no new production impacts.
Performed troubleshooting on XP, Windows 7, Windows 8, and iMac computers.
Performed troubleshooting of computer issues via Lync Microsoft instant message communicator.

Sentient - Hunt Valley, MD Mar 2008 – Feb 2011
BIOMED Tech II/PC Tech I I - Lead Technician, facilitated the preventive maintenance, testing and calibration on all equipment used for complex surgery. Supported the Neurotechs’ to connect and manage hardware and software applications remotely for real time monitoring.
Installed and tested (CADWELL) BIOMED equipment.
Performed preventive maintenance and calibrated BIOMED equipment.
Installed NORTON Ghost images on new Dell laptops and connected and tested Dells within BIOMED equipment.
Created, modified, deleted shares and files, user accounts and permissions in Active Directory.
Created user accounts and machines in VMware.
Performed troubleshooting on real time monitoring problems that arose in the Operating Room with Neurotechs’. Ordered Medical supplies for Neurotechs’ in OR.
Assisted Neurotechs’, doctors, and executives with various software and hardware on laptops in secure Windows Environment. Tested Clinical software on machines before deployment.
Performed Windows XP to Windows 7 Migration.

St. Agnes Hospital, Baltimore, MD Oct 2007 – Mar 2008
Desktop Support Technician – Contract
Active Day, Inc., Owings Mills, MD Oct 2005 – Mar 2007
Systems Administrator/ IT Support Specialist
Ajilon Consulting, Towson, MD Oct 2004 – Oct 2005
Security Administrator – Contract
Atradius, Baltimore, MD
Systems Administrator/ Network Administrator April 2003 – Oct 2004
Colliers Pinkard, Baltimore, MD May 2000 – April 2003
Systems Administrator/ LAN Administrator
Johns Hopkins Healthcare, LLC, Glen Burnie/Severna, MD March 1999- May 2000
Voice/Data Specialist
Becton Dickinson, Inc., Sparks, MD July 1994 – March 1999
Senior Client Support Specialist
Contact this candidate