Thomas Gudz
**** * ***** **, ** *
Lansdale, PA *9446
484-***-**** (cellular-Main Contact)
ad5me1@r.postjobfree.com
Objective:
I’m a dedicated and accomplished Systems Administrator with 16 years of experience and am looking for an opportunity for advancement. I’m dedicated, energetic and feel like given the opportunity, along with my experience I can be an asset as well as a successful leader to any company or organization.
I have proven the ability to implement and deliver solutions that tie to Business Growth and Cost cutting opportunities. I feel like I am a skilled troubleshooter and quickly able to identify problems and comfortable managing systems, projects and individuals. Education:
2003-2007 University of Kutztown Kutztown, PA.
BA, May 2007
Major: Computer Science
Minor: Criminal Justice
Achievements:
Daily monitoring, and assignment of incoming tickets with responsible responses that meet Client’s / Companies SLA requirements.
Oversee and Manage 3 Service Desk members monitoring escalation of tickets and triaging of tickets.
Knowledge of Windows Servers (2003-2019), OS (Win XP-Win10)
Knowledge in AD, Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Auto Task (Datto RMM and Datto PSA) applications, IT Glue, Webroot SecureAnywhere, and other hosted Cloud provider OS33Basic understanding of SQL Server, 2008,2012, 2016 basic reporting /query commands
File restoration with Datto devices and disaster recovery
Knowledge in CheckPoint, Meraki, Watchguard, SonicWall firewalls
Implementation of IT Glue and maintaining a Document repository with information that’s Client specific (ISP, local pws, on prem/cloud applications, vendors, network diagrams, etc)
Create and maintain documentation of products for each client and update documentation when necessary.
Successfully demonstrated within the last 24+ months the ability to work remotely, maintain communication with clients, train In house employees on new RMM and PSA rollouts, along with several O365 migrations from other HEX providers (Intermedia, os33, and Google)
Ability to multiple task and work on different issues/applications and work on up to 15-20 tickets a day depending on the volume that day.
Experience:
December 2021 – Current Zog, Inc Hatfield, PA
Job Title: Systems Administrator
Same duties as LLB Group, Zog Inc bought out LLB Group. Zog Inc is a MSP with about 90+ clients and about 2500 endpoints that we support.
Maintaining support for Level 2 support
Utilization of Connectwise, Automate for RMM tool. Managing SentinelOne AV rollout to LLB past clients as they were using Webroot prior Helped migrate the transfer during December and January of LLB Clients into Zog Inc’s toolset Manage and check on Hypervisors, reboot when needed, check Event logs Manage users in O365, and Azure setup DC’s
June 2014 – December 2021 LLB Group, (MSP) Glenside, PA Job Title: Systems Administrator - June 2014 – Current Trained and help manage 9 support desk individuals prioritizing tasks and tickets Follow up and maintaining relationships with clients and Point of Contact at each client Point of Contact for escalation for Service Desk members Daily/Weekly tasks include (not limited to) : checking backups, reviewing existing tickets, assign new tickets after review of the tickets, review Webroot to verify no machines need attention, work with SD team members to triage tickets. Average about 120-150 client tickets, and monitoring alerts between 3 SD users and in the last 90 days resolved and closed 1,296 tickets. Utilize ConnectWise to maintain tickets for 30+ clients which include over 850 workstations/endpoints Utilized Kaseya to remote into client’s pc’s and resolve issues, Knowledge in Kaseya scripts to automate processes
Migrated in Q1 2021 to Datto RMM and PSA (Autotask) for in house purposes Maintain DHCP server (add reservations, add scopes) Build, deploy, and patch servers
March 2011- April 2014 Preferred Sands Radnor, PA
Job Title: Systems Administrator - April 2012 – April 2014 Job Title: Junior Network Engineer - March 2011 – March 2012 Hired initially to setup new employee laptops, and all company issued phones. Setup Network printers and configure users on the network printers so they could email and san documents to their user drive or email account. Worked with 4 remote offices ( Sanders, AZ, Genoa, NE, Woodbury, MN, and Blair, WI ). The total number of end users we supported was approx. 300+ users, with 2 helpdesk individuals at corporate office in Radnor, PA. Received promotion in 2012 which included additional tasks to Provide support to all end user
(approx. 300 users). Installed and implemented Sysaid (Help desk ticket software) to aid in the tracking of requests and urgent emails instead of through outlook. Since the implementation of the ticketing software in July 2012 we over 6,800 tickets logged. Main responsibilities continued to assist new users, remove access from termed employees, backup term/employees no longer with the company. Archive user laptop folders onto CD’s or DVD’s. Upgrade end users who still have XP’S to windows 7 as Microsoft ends support in April 2014 July 2007-March 2011 RecordTrak, Inc King of Prussia, PA Job Title: Junior Network Engineer (Assistant to IT Director) - April 2008 –March 2011 Job Title: Help Desk Manager - August 2007 – April 2008 Hired initially to Monitor the helpdesk email daily for the company and respond to emails with the purpose of resolving all matters in a timely fashion. Daily Tasks include uploads to the FTP site, monitoring OCR machines, changing backup tapes, monitoring RPS machines and printers, addressing helpdesk issues, and assisting the network administrator. Responsibilities and job title changed to additional duties were added to Analyze, plan and setup new users in AD and their workstations. Maintain Cisco and HP routers, setup and maintain WAN’s for our company along with maintaining DCHP servers, Exchange server, and daily backups. References: Available upon Request
Contact this candidate