KEVIN A. SMITH
** **** **** **
Staatsburg, NY **580

ad5oi5@r.postjobfree.com Cell: 845-***-****

MICROSOFT CERTIFIED SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR

Over twenty-six years of experience in systems configuration, installation, repair and troubleshooting networks, servers, and desktops. At WellPoint I single handedly administered over 500 local users and 100 servers across five locations. At IBM I work with a large group maintaining nearly 15,000 servers over 5 data centers for Morgan Stanley and ACE Insurance accounts. Under 2nd IBM contract I built and maintain IRLP, Nirvana environments and create benchmark environments for customers to test their products. I have strong communication, organization and leadership skills.

COMPUTER SKILLS

Software: Installation, configuration, and troubleshooting of the following Operating System and applications: DOS, Windows 3.1, 3.11, 95, 98, ME, XP, Win 7, NT 4.0, 2000, 2003,
2008, 2012, 2016, 2019, Red Hat Linux, VMware 7, VMware Aria Suite, MS Office products, Arcserve, Commvault, Altiris, Lotus Notes, IBM Director, Tivoli TSM, TCIM, Symantec Endpoint Protection, Manage Now, Maximo, Oracle, Citrix, Attachmate Extra!, DameWare, and PCAnywhere.

Server: Deployment and rebuilding of servers, planning and creation of Active Directory, accounts and policies, implementation of user rights, installation and configuration of DHCP, DNS, WINS, and network printers. Performing LTO3 backups and applying critical patches.

Network: Configuration of Cisco Switches using Telnet and Putty, TCP/IP, IP scopes, VLANs, etc.
Running and crimping of Cat 5e/6 cabling.

Hardware: Installation, repairing, and troubleshooting of all computer related parts and problems including Desktops, Laptops, Servers, SCSI, RAID, Routers, Switches, Printers, etc.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

CTG - IBM, STG Benchmark Center, Poughkeepsie, NY March 2013 – Present
Linux and Windows Systems Administrator

Responsibilities:
Building IBM Blade, SystemX servers for customers to benchmark their environments on new
IBM equipment: Linux and Windows OS’s
Built and maintain IBM IRLP training environment for customers on new IBM
platforms. This includes building and Maintaining VMWare server farms with 40+ Windows

KEVIN A. SMITH PAGE TWO

2008R2/2012R2/2016/2019 Servers, 20+ RHEL Linux servers, 4 physical Citrix XenApp servers,
and over 2000+ deployed classes.

http://www.computerdealernews.com/news/ibm-turns-to-a-partner-led-strategy-for-training/27733
http://www.itjungle.com/tfh/tfh071513-story06.html

Day to day maintenance of servers.
Nirvana environment with over 100 VM’s on 5 hosts demoing our VMWare partnership
integration of IBM Power servers and Z Mainframes with products like OCP, Spectrum Scale,
PowerVC.

ARTECH - IBM, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney & ACE Insurance, August 2010 – Dec 2012
Fishkill & Poughkeepsie, NY
System Administrator

Responsibilities:
Rack, build, rebuild, and decommission IBM Blade, IBM SystemX, HP ProLiant and Dell servers.
Support an enterprise environment consisting of over 15,000 servers over multiple commercial
accounts specializing in the areas of server activation/deactivation, moves/add/changes, security,
compliance, hardware, Blade Center (7870), VMware/ESX/ESXi/Virtual Center, SAN, Citrix,
Active Directory
Required to adhere to ITIL-based procedures including handling problem management on severity
1 – severity 3 incidents (rhythm, blues and jazz), change management on all IMAC incidents,
security incidents/MS patching and root case analysis (RCA) incidents assigned via ISM/Maximo
ticketing system.
Applying patches and running weekly reboots
Performing troubleshooting of server OS issues
Performing troubleshooting and replacement of server hardware
Responding to problem tickets and changes through ManageNow and Maximo
Installing and configuring IBM Director, Tivoli TSM, TCIM, Symantec Endpoint Protection

WELLPOINT, Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield, Yorktown Heights, NY Apr 2002 – July 2009
System Administrator

Responsibilities:
Configure, deploy and rebuild HP and Dell Windows servers for 5 sites
Apply needed server OS patches hardware firmware
Responding to government Nexus security audits eliminating server vulnerabilities
Managing Active Directory containers and applying polices for Servers, PC’s, and Laptops for my 5 sites.
Maintain server backup environment for 5 sites including requested restores, weekly offsite storage process to Iron Mountain
Perform troubleshooting for desktops, laptops and servers

KEVIN A. SMITH PAGE THREE

Install and configure applications and macros.
Day to day network switch maintenance, enabling and disabling ports, VLAN changes, speed changes, etc.
Manage phone vendors: Frontrunner Services
Maintain desktop and laptop environment, including configuration and reconfiguration and software installations.
Configure and deploy new PCs.
Assist in site closings and openings of district offices.

Accomplishments include but are not limited to the following:

Opening of new site in Hawthorne, NY. Responsible for all Server builds, mounting of network equipment, patching of cubes to patch panel.
Closing of district sites, retiring of equipment, moving data and functions to other sites.
Upgraded 70+ servers from Windows NT4 to Windows 2000
Upgraded 50+ servers from Windows 2000 to Windows 2003
Windows 2000 Upgrade (Project Lead, managed and implemented): upgraded 280+ desktops and laptops, Deployed 100+ desktops: configured and deployed 40+ laptops
Windows XP Upgrade (Project Lead, managed, and implemented) upgraded approximately 300 desktops and laptops, configured and deployed 110+ desktops and laptops, upgraded file and print servers from NT4 server to Server 2003
Ethernet Upgrade (Project Lead, managed, and implemented): in conjunction with Enterprise Data team, performed information gathering, analysis and planning, removed Token Ring NICs
and changed cabling and drivers on 400+ desktops and laptops, disconnected/cut 380+ Token Ring cables and connected cabling from Ethernet switch to Token Ring patch panel using custom baluns

IBM, Fishkill, NY Nov 2001 – Apr 2002
Help Desk – AstraZeneca Account

Maintained desktop and laptop environments
Performed troubleshooting of remote desktop and laptop
Installed and configured applications

GOLDENROM, Canonsburg, PA Aug 1997 – Oct 2001
System Administrator

Upgraded clients and servers
Maintained desktop, laptop and server environments
Maintained server backup environment

KEVIN A. SMITH PAGE FOUR

TECHNICAL EDUCATION

MCSE Certified in Windows NT Server and Workstation 4.0, Windows NT
in the Enterprise, Networking Essentials, TCP/IP, and SQL Server.

NCE Group Inc. Feb – Sep 2000
Wappinger Falls, NY

Windows Server 2003 and XP Administration, Active Directory, and Security Design

HOTT - Hands On Technology Transfer, Inc. Sep – Oct 2007
Albany, NY

MCITP: Server Administrator 2008 & Enterprise Administrator 2008, Cisco CCNA
Certifications

Training Camp May 2009– March 2010
Bushkill, PA

VMware 4.1
Training Camp November 2010
Orlando, FL
Contact this candidate