DOUGLAS C. KEMP
ad5rox@r.postjobfree.com
508-***-****

OBJECTIVE: Self-motivated IT professional with experience in fast-paced environments seeks a permanent,
full-time position in a team-oriented atmosphere that encourages initiative and advancement.

CERTIFICATIONS: Microsoft MCSE, MCP+I, and MCP, ShoreTel systems Installer, Allworx VOIP systems installer

COMPUTER SKILLS: Install and configure various Microsoft operating systems, Windows 7/Windows 10, Windows 11, Microsoft Server 2012 R2/2016/2019/2022. Microsoft Office 2010/2011/2013/2016/M365. Administer Exchange server, Microsoft 365, Azure AD. Configure Active Directory, DNS, and DHCP. Set up, installed, and troubleshot wired and wireless networking using Cisco switches, routers, and access points. Set up, installed, and administrated Fortinet, SonicWALL, and Cisco Firewalls. Set up and installed VPN with RADIUS authentication. Diagnose and Repair hardware issues. Image, set up, and upgrade servers, SAN, NAS, laptops, and desktop PCs.
Excellent communication and problem-solving skills

EXPERIENCE:
9/2022- 4/2023 Raytheon Tewksbury, MA
Senior Systems Administrator
Support lab equipment. Windows-based and Linux-based.
Security remediation to meet company security requirements.
Windows updates for closed area systems.
Microsoft OS security settings and verification.
Project management of vLAN for non-compliant Operating systems.
Implement VMware infrastructure, networking, and SAN/NAS storage.
Set up VMware hosts. Allocate storage and other resources for virtual machines.

7/2020- 5/2022 THAT Incorporated Milford, MA
Senior Network Administrator \ IT Manager
Manage IT Department purchases, licensing, Vendors, MSP, and all day-to-day activities.
Manage, support, and mentor IT/Helpdesk staff.
Manage several locations' IT needs in Milford and California. (LAN, WAN, and VPN)
Project management.
Microsoft Active Directory, Group Policy, DNS, DHCP setup, and Administration.
Responsible for DR/data backups and off-site storage.
Create a new backup process for the virtual environment.
Designed, installed, and Administered VMware Infrastructure and host servers.
Transfer Physical servers to the VMware environment.
Administer Google email suite.
Install and administer Fortinet firewall devices. Setup, VPN profiles, and Site to Site VPNs
Design and Implement PBXact VOIP system

7/2019- 7/2020 LifeYield LLC Boston, MA
Operations Systems Administrator
Monitor Servers 2012 R2, 2016, and 2019 VMware, and Website performance (DataDog)
Administer VMware Cloud-based servers and networking.
Administer IAAS service using VMware software.
Project management.
Server security remediation.
Office 365 Administration and support
SQL Server Backup Administration.
5/2012 -2/2019 X-CHEM Inc. Waltham MA
Senior Information Systems Administrator
Manage, support, and mentor IT/Helpdesk staff.
Manage IT Department purchases, licensing, Vendors, MSP, and all day-to-day activities.
Responsible for recommending and installing security software, hardware, and upgrades
Responsible for DR/data backups and off-site storage. (Veeam, Backup Exec, Iron Mountain)
Responsible for proposing testing and installing new hardware and software.
Designed, Proposed, and implemented network and server infrastructure upgrades.
Set up and install wired/wireless network equipment. (Cisco, HP, WIFI, SonicWALL)
Design install VMware Infrastructure versions 4 - 6.5. (SAN, iSCSI, ESXi)
Designed and implemented the iSCSI network with redundancy for VMware infrastructure.
Designed and implemented SAN storage for production virtual servers.
Install and configure the vCenter server. Set up single sign-on with Domain.
Implement Veeam software to create redundancy and back up the virtual environment.
Monitor Servers 2012 - 2016, VMware, and Network performance (Built-in Tools, LogicMonitor)
Install and administer ShoreTel VoIP system.
Active Directory 2008 R2, 2012 R2, and 2016 Group Policy, DHCP, and DNS.
Office 365 Setup, licensing, Administration, and support
Monitor and troubleshoot network/Server issues
Setup PC Imaging system. (MDT, WDS, PDQ)
Setup and manage MS Windows updates (WSUS, Avanti)
Manage and support Mac computers.
Set up computer lifecycle and replacement policy.

6/2010 – 5/2012 Data Evolution LLC. Chelmsford MA
Network Administrator/ Systems Administrator (Consulting)
Primary IT Consultant for X-Chem Inc.
Setup company network and server Infrastructure
Project management
Setup and install VOIP systems
Manage client's IT security needs (network, PC, and server)
Manage all aspects of the client's infrastructure needs. (local and Remote)

2/2009 – 6/2010 Vanguard Telecom Inc. Newton, MA
Network Administrator/ Telephony Installer
Server administration Active Directory and Backups
Set up and install VOIP systems. ShoreTel/Allworx
Manage all aspects of the company's and client's IT needs. (local and Remote)

4/2005 – 12/2008 Weston Fence Inc. Westborough, MA
Crew Foreman
Supervised fencing installation crew
Assisted in the preparation of fence layout based on job site specifications

8/2001 – 2/2009 Contract work Metro West Boston, MA
PC Support
Troubleshot and repaired desktops, laptops, and peripherals (printers, PDAs).
I installed hardware and software (Norton Anti-virus, McAfee, and MS Office).
I Designed and implemented networks and troubleshot connectivity issues.
Troubleshoot email issues with Microsoft Outlook/ Exchange server 5.5.

8/2004 – 4/2005 R & D Construction Medfield, MA
Carpenter
Prepared construction sites based on blueprint specifications
Involved in all aspects of carpentry from frame to finish

7/2003 – 8/2004 Harding Acoustical Interiors Medfield, MA
Site Supervisor / Ceiling Mechanic
Construction site supervisor/coordinator.
Install acoustical ceiling systems.
Layout and install acoustical ceiling systems to blueprint specifications.

3/2002 – 10/2002 The Mentor Network Boston, MA
Systems Administrator (contract)
Troubleshoot PC (Windows 95, 98, NT 4.0/2000) and network issues locally and nationally, including re-imaging.
Installed and configured software (Norton Anti-Virus, Oracle, MS Office, and MS Outlook).
Install and administer Citrix MetaFrame
Fixed hardware issues (hard drives, RAM, modems, NICs).
Troubleshoot network connectivity issues using.

12/2000 – 7/2001 Martech Solutions Hopkinton, MA
PC Technician second level at EMC (contract)
Troubleshoot problems with servers, desktops, and laptops, including re-imaging.
Fixed hardware issues (hard drives, RAM, modems, network cards).
Installed and configured software (McAfee, Oracle, MS Office, MS Outlook).
Troubleshot and repaired Windows-based operating systems (95, 98, NT 4.0/2000).
Troubleshoot network connectivity issues (TCP/IP).

EDUCATION: 1999-2000 Clark University Framingham, MA
Windows Administrator Certificate Program
Installed, configured, and optimized Windows NT server and workstation 4.0.
Configured network components for a single protocol network (TCP/IP) and interoperability between TCP/IP and IPX/SPX Networks.
Configure TCP/IP addresses and subnet masks manually and dynamically using DHCP.
Install and configure servers with WINS, DNS, IIS 4.0, and PROXY 2.0.
Set up and configured trust relationships between NT domains.
Install and configure remote access server (RAS).
Contact this candidate