Walter Kneipher
** ********* ***** ** *** * Owings Mills, MD 21117 443-***-**** ad5wvd@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective

Seeking a position as a Network Administrator utilizing my in-depth knowledge troubleshooting Cisco routers and Windows Server-based networks.

Education

ITT Technical Institute Owings Mills, MD
Graduation Date: December 2013
Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Cyber Security

ITT Technical Institute Owings Mills, MD
Graduation Date: September 2013
Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Security

ITT Technical Institute Owings Mills, MD
Graduation Date: December 2011
Associate of Applied Science, Computer Network Systems

Computer Architecture
Needs Assessment & Project Planning
Operating Systems
Hardware Problem Solving & Testing
Network Systems Management
Network Technology and Service Integration
Introduction to Computer Programming
Network Concepts and Data Communications
TCP/IP Protocols
Application Software Installation
WAN Technology and Application
Web Server Administration
Network Development Project

Professional Experience

October 2023- March 2024
Office of the Comptroller and Currency
Provided remote support for over 500 users in a Windows 10 environment.
Troubleshot Wi-Fi connectivity issues and VPN for remote end users and audio issues via TEAMS.
Used proprietary software to assist in transfer of Data from old computers to new
Performed necessary (manual) software installation and upgrades, when needed, for employee usage.
Documented and resolved end user tickets via ServiceNow ticketing system.

February 2023- August 2023
CMS-HHS Windsor Mills
Provided on-site and remote support for over 500 users in a Windows 10 environment.
Performed imaging for DELL and MAC laptops via a proprietary system.
Troubleshot Wi-Fi connectivity issues and VPN for remote end users and audio issues via TEAMS.
Performed hardware break/fix repairs and software troubleshooting related to Office 365 and upgrades.
Assigned hardware and equipment to new employees.
Performed NEO (New Employee Orientations) for new employees
Performed necessary (manual) software installation and upgrades, when needed, for employee usage.
Documented and resolved end user tickets via ServiceNow ticketing system.
Performed account management related to enabling/disabling accounts and termination for end users.

October 2020- January 2023
VAMHC- Perry Point
IT Specialist
Provided on-site and remote support for over 500 users in a Windows 10 environment.
Performed imaging for DELL and HP desktops and laptops via a proprietary system.
Troubleshot Wi-Fi connectivity issues and VPN for remote end users and audio issues via TEAMS.
Performed hardware break/fix repairs and software troubleshooting related to Office 365 and upgrades.
Assigned hardware and equipment to new employees.
Performed necessary (manual) software installation and upgrades, when needed, for employee usage.
Performed inventory management for all devices and created documentation.
Documented and resolved end user tickets via ServiceNow ticketing system.
Performed account management related to enabling/disabling accounts and termination for end users.

September 2018- June 2020 Oracle Corporation
Technical Services- Sonic
Took overnight calls from Sonic Stores to troubleshoot the following issues:
Audio (headsets and communication with stalls)
Cash Management Software
Acted as first point of contact and communicated with Sales team and HP technicians in the field for product replacement and RAID drive rebuilding via remote services (BOMGAR)
Reporting and Analytics
Troubleshooting Network Connectivity so clients could continue processing sales
provided excellent customer service to Sonic store managers
Troubleshot receipt printer issues including communication print errors and general configuration reroutes if one printer was non functional and needed replacement
Use MOS ticketing system to document cases on a daily basis
Phone calls and emailed clients outbound to resolve issues that could not be fixed on initial call
Communicated with team members via SLACK

July 2016- September 2018 Automatic Data Processing (ADP) Owings Mills Md
Technical Services
Worked with clients creating reports and remoted in via BOMGAR to troubleshoot connection and security setup issues
worked resolutions for cases that were sent to us by lower tiered technicians
performed Password Resets via ADP setup
logged calls via Siebel ticketing systems
communicated with clients for reporting and website configuration issues via email and/or outbound phone calls
provided excellent customer service to clients
Contact this candidate