Andy Karklins
*** ***** ***** *****: 312-***-****
Roselle, IL 60172-1463
Email: ad5yvp@r.postjobfree.com
CREDENTIALS Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE),(MCSA + Specialist Virtualization) Cisco Certified Network Associate/Professional (CCNA+ CCNP), Palo Alto Accredited Configuration Engineer (ACE)
VCE Converged Infrastructure Associate (VCE-CIA),
Certified Lotus Professional (CLP),
Sun Certified Systems Administrator (SCSA)
EXPERIENCE
PROJECTS
KaufmanHall February 2020 to present [Management Consulting] Cloud Administrator / Engineer Email Administration –Azure/ Exchange
M365 administration: Experience administering Microsoft 365 services, including Exchange Online, SharePoint Online, Teams, and OneDrive.
Mimecast SMTP gateway: Strong knowledge and experience with secure email gateways. Configuration and management email security policies, spam filtering, and email encryption.
Mimecast DMARC Monitoring portal implementation and renumeration. Domain alignment for SPF/DKIM for compliance. Audit Mimecast DLP policies implpementation/ Microsoft E5 license Strong Mimecast deployment ATP, Secure Send, Large File Send solution
Global Relay installation, migration and archiving for legal and compliance purposes Merger and Acquisition TSA punch list and remediation, collaboration experience with IT infrastructure: DLP policies for Global Relay config for legal department.
Experience integrating IT infrastructure during mergers and acquisitions. Understanding of due diligence processes, data migration, and post-merger consolidation.
Admin-level experience in infrastructure and network (DNS, DHCP, NTP, LB, etc.)
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Service-Now ticketing for Exchange,O365, Teams, and SharePoint over 2000 level 2-3 tickets
Office 365 exchange administration and migration in hybrid environment, adds moves changes, Expertise in configuring user authentication, authorization, and access control.
Azure security log analysis, user access auditing, troubleshooting, app client cert renewal
Collaboration with IT and security teams to identify and mitigate risks related to digital identities.
Provide advanced technical support and guidance in resolving complex identity-related issues.
MFA authentication troubleshooting and administration
Intune-Device enrollment conditional policies, upload apps, Configuration Manager. Monitor and troubleshooting deployments.
Review of threat protection analysis Mimecast, Proof Point, Zix and Cisco email solutions.
Experience with scripting languages like PowerShell, Python batch files for automating IT tasks.
AD Entra M365 Admin Portal, Defender, Compliance Manager, Azure, Exchange
On-Premise Exchange mailbox moves, logging, arbitration, monitoring, health mailbox cleanup to recover disk space. Email group scripting for migration, export, clean up and recreation
Windows Active Directory: experience designing, deploying, and managing Active Directory environments. Expertise in user and group management, security policies, and troubleshooting
Microsoft Failover Cluster Management, server creations. OS templates, new servers,
Knowbe4 email security troubleshooting and reporting, user mediation HIGHLIGHTS
EXPERIENCE
Intune administration- AD Joined policy configuration for conditional access
Cisco Umbrella administration, SSO and administration troubleshooting
Configuration of custom transport rules to allow testing of application in a hybrid environment
Cisco UCS, Netapp documentation and configurations for several storage and UCS servers.
Annual AD / Azure AD and Teams access auditing for security and compliance
M365 Security Score improvements, audit log reviews for security and compliance
Scripting for automated processes utilizing PowerShell
Manage Engine/AD Manager /AD Audit plus reporting, configuration and automation
Data Center migration, documentation, implementation and management, Physical cable map
Meraki security monitoring, documentation and remediation for AP and Wifi access.
NOC remediation and troubleshooting regular security issues.
Tenable Vulnerability Management review and CVE remediation
Merger collaboration configurations, migration wizard for email- Bit Titan
Bitsight cyber risk mitigation and remediation,Tenible vulnerability scan remediation.
Service-Now ticketing for Exchange,O365, Teams, and SharePoint over 2000 level 2-3 tickets
Delininea PAM Password vault implementation, upgrade and maintenance
ZOOM, other APPs SSO troubleshooting, policy configuration, claim modification for AD attributes
SIEM monitoring and remediation, technolpgy review.
ADaudit, AdManager, ADpasswordReset, implementation, monitoring and upgrades. AD Self service install including reverse proxy and nls servers.
SSO attribute alias settings troubleshooting 35 application sign ins, claim rules modification after introducing secondary signs
Crowdstrike Falcon Dashboard – incident review, monitoring, reporting and administration
Contract Liaison for multiple vendors, interface to legal teams
Virtualization VMware and Hyper-V server administration
DLP data label creation and troubleshooting for Microsoft Office Suite and SharePoint
EA vendor agreement, generated cost savings through vendor negotiations
Troubleshooting archiving, ost, group policy for end user issues when importing mail from Symantec evault archive PST. Modification of GPO to control custom Outlook profile settings
Department role definition and staff analysis after divestiture
Troubleshooting Room list mailboxes for Room finder in Hybrid environment
Budget review of current and future solutions
Cisco UCS KVM interface to virtual machines, Cisco Prime
CrowdStrike login issues and administration, remediation of incidents
Cisco ASA / Prime configurations and review.
PowerBI administration troubleshooting, user setup, Portal reports
Symantec Evault archive data retrieval and manipulation
Certificate Services installation and configuration for Enterprise CA
Documentation of IT Standards- SharePoint library
Failover Cluster Manager Configuration and Administration
Veeam Backup and Replication + Veeam One administration and DR recovery, mailbox restore upgrades and troubleshooting issues.
Splunk Administration Console interface to Managed Service, review of security scans and remediation
Cisco Nexus documentation for data center move, auditing.
SCIM and SSO implementation for Zoom
KnowBe4 training portal campaign review, troubleshooting connectivity
Zoom and Teams administration various configuration, user and quality issues
Microsoft Defender alerting, logging and incident remediation, problem resolution
Exchange On-Premise installation and updates in hybrid environment
Kemp Load Balancer customized for Exchange 2016 on premise. Updated to VL series
DNS internal and external records management, Azure and CName, SPF, records
Microsoft Defender alerts remediation and monitoring
Azure-AD Sync/Connect upgrade and installation
Power BI Product Usage Analysis Workspaces and Reporting
Thycotic Privileged Identity server migration to cloud Delinea with vendor
Tenable scan remediation for vulnerabilities, CVE patch review
DAG troubleshooting and creation for Exchange on premise servers.
Storage disk space recovery for Information Store for on premise servers.
TLS remediation for secure operation
Role assignments for help desk and admins
Bitsight security reporting remediation and continuous monitoring reviews
Hydro September 2019 to February 2020
IT Manager /Senior Systems Administrator/ Project Management
Office 365 exchange administration and migration in hybrid environment, adds moves changes, PowerShell scripting, DirSync in a hybrid environment.
Veeam Enterprise Backup and Replication disaster recovery, full and instant recovery for Linux, exchange and server restorations, integrated repository and ransomware protection strategy. Cloud connector offsite replication. Instant live recovery, backup & replication 3-2-1 strategy.
Daily administration via cloud portal for O365 users, email delivery troubleshooting and configuration changes environment over 400 mailboxes. Quarantine, Advanced Threat Protection, Security and Compliance policy updates. Troubleshooting of emergency issues interfaces with vendors
Cloud migration planning for managed services, interfaces with vendors for enterprise and private cloud. Core/CPU resource analysis and sizing.
IT budgeting for software, network and telecom. Licensing of global contracts, cost savings implementation and negotiations. VMware, Microsoft and Veeam, and other vendors. Cost savings
VMware vSphere ESXi, Vcenter for over 200 virtual machines throughout the global enterprise, new server creation, monitoring and troubleshooting of complete global environment.
Windows 2008/2012/2016 implementation and upgrades, new machine creation
Infrastructure support of Epicor ERP system, new server creation for upgrades and migration
Remote systems administration for 16 global locations including UA, UK and Canadian affiliates.
Manage a small staff individuals, helpdesk monitoring and ticketing assignment
Monitoring of Barracuda spam filtering and control console, Microsoft Advanced Threat Protection quarantine monitoring and remediation.
Avaya phone system, adds moves and changes. New phone system specification and quoting.
Bitdefender Gravity Zone for global visibility into enterprise security platform. Troubleshooting connectivity issues, policy edits and monitoring, submittal of incidents for review.
Malware, ransomware remediation, virus protection,
Security policy creation, user education regarding safe practices.
VPN implementation for remote access and security, radius server planning
Dell EMC Equalogic SAN/NAS storage, QNAP remote replication RTRR low cost solutions
Best practices 3-2-1 backup and replication for 200 tb of data including Veeam cloud connect
Storage, review alternate storage solutions, including ransomware protection,
Purchasing of hardware and software, Department approvals for IT budget
AIT Worldwide Logistics February 2018 to September 2019 [Logistics] Senior Systems Administrator- Project Manager - Network Management- IT Leader
Office 365 exchange migration in hybrid environment, PowerShell scripting, troubleshooting migration, archive errors, dirsync in a hybrid environment.
Microsoft Azure configuration of federation services, blob storage, Azure Explorer
Daily administration via cloud portal for O365 users, email delivery troubleshooting and configuration changes environment over 4000 mailboxes. quarantine, ndr and policy updates
VMware vCenter 170 nodes update and expansion, new server deployment and sizing
Forcepoint firewall replacement over 15 locations, troubleshooting network latency
On call rotation for over 65 international/national locations, network and server monitoring and troubleshooting for Metro-E, T1, and Ethernet circuit performance and latency resolution nationwide.
Cacti node monitoring, traffic management and troubleshooting, Whats up alerting config
Vmware, vCenter, VSA, Site vShere cluster, storage integration fabric interconnect
Wireshark, tcpdump packet sniffing for problem resolution. ISP service quality diagnosis
Troubleshoot issues with deeply integrated and complex vendor workflows
BGP router configuration for redundant circuits, circuit implementation. Catalyst sup module upgrade
New location office documentation and implementation, equipment setup and upgrades due to
(M&A) mergers and acquisitions.
Office 365 admin portal, compliance and security, AD and messaging
Microsoft System Center image building and modification with Hyper-V
Citrix/Xen remote desktop along with Direct Access technology.
Level 2 &3 Service tickets for desktop and servers through Fresh Desk software
Kaseya scripting automation, server and workstation access, stored procedures, documentation and patching and remote installations and registry changes.
Cisco Umbrella url protection administration based on Open DNS
Microsoft Direct Access implementation and troubleshooting, SCCM
Aerohive wifi and Cradlepoint mobile circuit redundancy for remote locations
Vendor liaison, project management daily stand up
Daily spam monitoring Forcepoint Websense/Triton and migration to Mimecast, language and spam analysis, spf, dkim look up for improving spam scores, rule configuration for spam containment
Veritas backup deployment, recovery and monitoring
Over 200 server environment, Windows 2012/2016, Office 365/ 2016- 1100+ users
Windows 2003/08 server migration analysis and recommendation, Project Management Lead
VMware/ Cisco UCS / Net App upgrade migration analysis/ implementation to fabric interconnect
Disaster Recovery and implementation, runbook creation
SharePoint/ Office 365 Admin portal/ Security and Compliance/ Email search and confirmation
Active directory Manage Engine consolidation, clean up and improvement, spf compression DNS updates, spf compression, dkim and dmarc
Jira project collaboration with DEV, SQL and web teams, Teams and SharePoint Online
Multi-factor authentication, password recovery self service
Load Balancer market study, TLS 1.3 analysis to improve security scores & compliance
Vulnerability remediation, Symantec security portal management
Adobe Media Server migration and application migration to cloud.
Farm Journal Media. June 2016 to November 2017 [Digital Media Company] Senior Systems Administrator- Technical Project Lead /Manager IT Leader
Led Data Center move PHL to CHGO locations –planning and implementation for consolidation of data center resources, move and expand to hosted colocation at data center in Elk Grove, IL. Scaled storage in data center as needed for drives, memory and operating systems.
Hyper-V and VMware consolidation and migrations of physical machines, sizing, ordering and implementing VMware hosts in new Data Center. Implemented production and development machines with ESXI v5.5, 6.0 and 6.5. Windows 2012, SQL servers and Linux hosts.
Worked with stress test vendor to perform detailed performance monitoring of SQL servers which resulted in temporarily implementing Amazon RDS for SQL Server on solid state drives
Selected and determined new data services for 7 remote offices, re-location, including sale of company closing of remote branch suite, new services and expansion. P2V migration and images
Network documentation for server migration, network architecture and implementation of SQL server, application servers, AWS hosted solutions storage augmentation, Great Plaines,
Windows 2012/2008, Windows 7/10, Mac, Microsoft Hyper-V & VMware ESXI (5.5/6.0/6.5) vSphere client and Group Policy administration for client and server configuration. Setup new hosts and instances
Troubleshooting exchange and domain administration, Performance monitoring design and sizing new SQL and Windows host servers. AWS SQL instance to handle temporary overload along with stress testing through coordinated offshore vendor effort
Office 365/2016 /SharePoint Online Deployment for 380 users +SharePoint online setup for document repository and integration with Office bundled in Microsoft Office 365 subscriptions. Including daily administration of cloud portal for O365 users.
Instrumental in the success of office 365 migration project for hybrid on premise environment later converted to cloud based environment. Initial configuration for SharePoint. Visio documentation
Active directory -FSMO roles, schema update, group policy, OKTA, exchange migration to cloud
Managed VOIP phone VOIP implementation. Jira, Confluence, SharePoint collaboration. Office 365 migration for nationwide decentralized locations.
Cisco ASA, WatchGuard, Barracuda firewall security management, Cisco Catalyst switch management, vlan configuration and network configuration.
Led Veeam file and replication, Office 365 cloud backup, Led with Symantec console deployment and migration from McAfee endpoint consoles
Project Management of IT migrations to data center and replacement of infrastructure upgrades, firewalls, circuit upgrades. Instrumental in IT infrastructure collaborations for fast paced environment
Troubleshooting identification of circuit issues with Metro-E, SDLan, MPLS, T1, and cable services.
On call group for high availability environment during technology consolidations and migrations.
Staytus Zabbix monitoring, Dev-Ops, Cloud SQL, environment. Meraki Wifi cloud mgmt.
Documentation of network and data center management using Visio, MS Project and Office 2016
Anselmo, Lindberg and Oliver. Apr 2016 to May 2016 [Real Estate Attorney] temporary Senior Systems Administrator- Security Administration
Exchange 2013 administration performance tuning, storage management of EMC NAS, SAN and similar storage administration. Group policy configuration for improved security.
SonicWALL firewall and Forefront Triton AP-Mail spam protection administration
Patch management, compliance, & vulnerability management utilizing GFI LanGuard
VMware ESX/Server monitor ESX hosts. Administration., monitor performance to identifying bottlenecks and tweak settings with improvements to performance and capacity
VEEAM backup/replication administration. Monitored production systems and daily backups/replication. Extended partition/memory to help improve performance
Shortel VOIP administration, adds moves and changes- 100 users
CBRE US Equities Realty May 2006 to December 2015 [Financial / Real Estate] IT Manger/ IT Project Manager – IT Leader GLOBAL INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP Led IT Project teams for the global infrastructure group, Managed IT department in Chicago including staff, budgets and upgrades (M&A). Managed staff, generated cost savings for IT department, implemented updated technologies, negotiated contracts, introduced security, business continuity and disaster recovery policies incorporating best practices. Cost analysis and savings IT departmental expenses, then presented alternatives to budget while upgrading infrastructure and producing substantial OPEX cost savings (140K). Presented metrics to gauge results. Projects varied from small to large implementations (up to 10 Million in value- 650 users to 89000 users) with local and Virtual teams including:
Citrix Xen APP version 6/6.5 server farm for virtualized environment, troubleshooting and upgrades
SharePoint server configuration of 2010/2013 including server setup /workflows/ document management, Office 365 implementation planning
Main contact on projects to implement global connectivity via IPSEC VPN Tunnels between United States, Mexico, UK and Latin America, qualifying new sites with security requirements. Led virtual teams of cross platform multinational stakeholders. Directed all activities related to installation of equipment at more than 14 sites, both local and worldwide.
Led and managed Projects for new software releases and migrations to DEV, UAT and PROD environments, working with corporate Change Control Processes to ensure established guidelines are followed. PM on Pilot document signing software, Web site migration to new platforms. Delivered technical briefings and project plans to management. Visio documentation for better communications
Architected new technology upgrades while producing budgeted cost saving, presenting to upper management for approvals. Implemented new DR solution with local images and cloud archiving.
Led team to perform a complete infrastructure upgrade server environment P2V conversion of infrastructure including bringing in new virtualized environments, adding redundant disaster recovery while performing platform upgrades.
Successfully upgraded organization’s Windows Domain and Exchange email server. Provided support for financial applications and process control software. Group policy configuration for domain user’s server configuration, FSMO roles for active directory including upgrading the schema.
Supervised staff, hiring and performance reviews, budget management, equipment procurement, researched new technology, and implemented new corporate security policies and disaster recovery.
Led the automation of design of new organization-wide IT/IS systems and defined the IT/IS architecture. Performed server and security audits, system backup procedures, and recovery processes to support business continuity strategies. Infrastructure:
Managed infrastructure and telecommunications systems for multiple WAN/LAN sites. Utilized various remote access technologies to allow efficient management for troubleshooting remote sites. Upgraded, documented and tracked several WAN circuits to introduce regular savings. Active directory moving FSMO roles, schema update, group policy, exchange migrations. Setup site to site VPN's to several remote locations, improving security during the process. Meraki Cisco wireless implementation. Disaster Recovery and Security: Introduced a hybrid cloud disaster recovery solution as part of a cost savings migration alternative, instantly achieved significant improvements to service and costs. Security, provided analysis of security vulnerabilities and roadmap for new technologies. Upgraded PIX to ASA firewall, introduced next generation Palo Alto firewall intrusion detection, Rapid7-Nexpose vulnerability scanners for remediation, decreased network risk security scores by updating firmware, server patching and device
Contact this candidate