Stephen
Thompson
813-***-****
ABOUT ME
ad608p@r.postjobfree.com
Sarasota, FL
Linkedin.com/in/Stephen-
Thompson-fl
SKILLS
EDUCATION
Northeastern University
Boston, MA
* ***** ******* *A English
1994-1996
Cornerstone Training
Systems Administrator Certification
2017-2024
Learning / Core
1000+ hours CSOD continuing education
EXPERIENCE
Program Director, Talent / Cornerstone LMS 1/2022 – Present Surgery Partners / Remote
Handles all Cornerstone LMS troubleshooting, reporting, monitoring, and submitted trouble tickets from a workforce of 13K staff. Upload and test content, build curriculums, create learning assignments, security, custom reports, custom welcome pages, upgrades, manage rosters and transcripts while applying an analytical process for issues resolutions. Liaison between Clinical, HR, Executive staff, Corporate and Compliance divisions. Trains and supports 50+ local Cornerstone Admins assigned to various facilities in the US. Builds job specific curriculum and learning modules. Cornerstone System Administrator 12/2021 – 06/2022 Amazon Robotics / Remote / Contractor
Handles all Cornerstone LMS troubleshooting, reporting, monitoring, and submitted trouble tickets from a workforce of 300K staff. Upload and test content, build curriculums, create learning assignments, build exams, manage certifications, manage rosters and transcripts while completing Service Now support tickets. Cornerstone LMS / HRIS Systems Analyst 04/2021 – 1/2022 Thrivent Financial / Remote
In charge of the administration, management, and continuous improvement of the operations, integrations, and optimizations of the Cornerstone LMS. Executed project plans and implemented learning technologies to support companywide education initiatives with HR, Talent and IT. Led the creation of an LMS Steering Committee to better align projects and priorities. Implemented file taxonomy programs and digital asset storage. Developed curriculum, certifications, and learning plans by job role. S T
Cornerstone Learning
10 / 10
Instructional Design
8 / 10
Adobe Captivate
9 / 10
LMS Analytics / Reporting
10 / 10
Adobe Creative Cloud
7 / 10
Currently living in Sarasota, FL and seeking a remote role. I have over 20 years of corporate education experience including development of content, design, and extensive management expertise. I also have many years of technical and soft skills content delivery in classrooms. I have both implemented and taken over failing corporate learning management systems at large and growing companies. I specialize in the Cornerstone Learning LMS and hold certifications as an administrator and managing corporate training functions. Stephen
Thompson
Senior Cornerstone HR System Analyst 05/2019 – 04/2021 Mosaic / Tampa FL
Provided Cornerstone technical expertise and leadership across Mosaic global offices in 7 countries. Serves as the LMS expert while managing and analyzing business requirements, design, configuration, support, and global usage / reporting. Manage quarterly system upgrades and implement new features. Lead the change control process while serving as the key resource in the analysis and testing of the system. Developed and maintained governance documentation, procedures, guidelines, and other LMS documentation. Supported the Instructional Design teams as they test and implement multi-language courses globally. Worked with external systems design teams to build a remote server-based system for managers to better measure and track compliance training. Managed all curriculum and employee certification processes. Manages over 1.1 million hours of employee and contractor training globally for a staff of 12000. Instructional Designer / Cornerstone LMS Administrator 10/2017 – 5/2019 Stabilus Corp / Gastonia NC
Guided Stabilus through the selection process and implementation of Cornerstone Learning for a global audience after review of 12 contenders. Built several multi language custom LMS interfaces for employees in the US, Germany, and Mexico. Developed a role specific certification process, compliance, soft skills, observation checklists, and e-learning modules. Managed all internal LMS issues and support questions. Managed all staff organizational development, gap analysis and training plans. Developed new skills-based qualification matrix for roles and responsibilities of hourly and salary positions. Worked with subject matter experts globally to develop SCORM compliant e-learning modules covering HR, company policy, manufacturing, and on-boarding. Re-designed the on-boarding process for new employees to eliminate paper and streamline specific role certification requirements and audit tracking. Instructional Designer / Adobe LMS Administrator 2/2016 – 8/2017 Driven Brands / Charlotte NC
Developed the guidelines, requirements, sought budgetary approval, and managed vendor selection for the companies first learning management system. Implemented a 5000 seat Adobe Captivate Prime LMS for 500 franchised locations in North America. Developed all learning plans, mobile apps, curriculum, and role-based certification tracks. Delivered a 3-week hands on instructor led training class for new Driven Brands franchise owners. Implemented a monthly live stream web seminar series broadcast out to over 500 locations. Created role-based skills and competency banks. Created knowledge checks and exams used for departmental certifications. Owner/ Manager 6/2007 – 9/2015
East Coast Pet Services / Myrtle Beach, SC
Started a local pet services company specializing in in-home pet sitting services for high value clients. Built and managed all web sites, advertising, and marketing. Expanded to 5 surrounding cities in SC and NC. Hired and trained 15 staff members. Managed all HR issues for staff. Expanded to over 250 clients before selling the business to a local investor. S T
Training Director 4/2001 – 8/2006
Moldflow Corp. / Boston, MA
Built the companies first internal LMS using Lotus Notes. Built the companies first corporate university used by both employees and clients. Managed all instructional design, technical writing and training delivery functions. Developed both online and instructor led content and expanded a video library. Started the transition to online user manuals with each new software release. Initiated the concept of a “What’s New” booklet for smaller product releases. Managed all technical writing and instructional design staff. Developed a revenue generating role based certification training programs for engineers and college students using the Moldflow software. Worked closely with Technical Support to ensure issues discovered by clients were addressed within upcoming training or user documentation. Director of Knowledge Management 1/2000 – 1/2001
NerveWire. / Boston, MA
Designed and built the companies first knowledge management portal. Purchased the Alta Vista search engine technology and integrated it into the company Intranet. Indexed and uploaded over 10,000 best practice documents and materials into the system. Established companywide standards for sharing, storing and accessing intellectual capital. Converted the project into a profitable client facing service offering. Training Director 1/1998 – 1/2000
RazorFish. / Boston, MA
• Established the first corporate university in the Cambridge MA offices. Managed a budget of $900K for internal staff training and education. Managed multiple training and software vendors that developed and delivered technical courses for staff on current programming and tech topics. Initiated the lunchtime seminar series that invited subject matter experts to deliver seminars on current topics and trends. Managed the 6- month design and implementation of the companies first knowledge management portal using the Autonomy software solution. Developed and delivered highly technical and soft skills courses to corporate staff. Developed standards and best practices for companywide knowledge management initiative.
Technical Instructor 1/1996 – 1/1998
PeopleSoft. / Boston, MA
• Delivered technical and programming courses on PeopleCode and PeopleTools technology to F1000 clients. Cornerstone Success Center: Completed over 1000 courses, 200 tests, Reporting 2.0, videos, materials, and quarterly update sessions between 2017 and 2024. Expert level in Core and Learning. Proficient in Performance and Human Resources. API / Connector Expertise: Extensive experience integrating LinkedIn Learning and Cornerstone Content. Integration and API experience with WorkDay, ADP, UKG and Bamboo HR data feeds. Extensive experience building custom reports with Cornerstone Reporting 2.0 Stephen
Thompson
S T
Contact this candidate