GREGORY SIGALOVICH
Vernon Hills, Illinois ***** ad67dc@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/gregory-sigalovich

SUMMARY

An accomplished and goal-oriented database administrator with demonstrated expertise in enterprise systems solutions, database creation and management, project life cycle development, consulting, installations, integrations, migrations, testing, issues resolution, team training and development, tutoring, mentoring, and performance monitoring. Proven aptitude for designing and implementing cost-effective database solutions that enhance business functionality and performance. Excels at prioritizing multiple competing tasks in fast-paced environments. A creative leader and analytical thinker who makes decisions to benefit the financial position of the company and obtain lasting results.

EXPERIENCE

TransUnion, LLC, Chicago, Illinois
Senior DBA, 2007-present
Environment:
OS: Linux RedHat 5.x -9.x, AlmaOS 8.x, AIX 5.x, 7.x, Windows
Shell/languages: bash, ksh, awk, perl,
Databases: DB2 UDB(LUW): 9.x-11.x, CDC 6.3, 10.2, 11.4, HADR.
Oracle 11g/12c/19c Exadata X6, GoldenGate 18.1, 19.1, 21c, OEM 12.x, 19.x, Data Guard
Postgres 9.6 -12, PGAdmin 4x, Foglight 7x, RepMgr 5x
3rd Party Software: AutoSys 13.1, Splunk 9.x, Agile/Jira, Pacman, Toad 16.x, SQL Developer
Lead large complex database design projects, providing integration on various RDBMS systems. Close interactions with data modelers. Plan projects, define Jira tasks and coordinate tasks between project team members.
Mentor newly hired onsite and offshore database developers in new features of DB2 LUW and Oracle Databases.
Provide SQL training and support, including SQL query creation and proactive tuning.
Design implementation of bidirectional CDC, GoldenGate and Postgres Streaming replications on various DB systems.
Responsible for installation and maintenance of Infosphere CDC and Goldengate deployments. Defined subscriptions and data exchange between several solutions for critical production databases.
Play key role on DBA community board to provide advices on database management strategies and best practices and implementation of database systems and architectures, scalability, and storage capacity planning for production servers. These recommendations were converted to the large budget savings in licensing and vendor management fees.
Responsible for set of the databases, fix packs, clients’ installations, migration of databases from DB2 LUW V8 to DB2 LUW 11.5, Oracle 12g to Oracle 19c, Postgres 9.6 to Postgres 12, database creation, maintenance, performance monitoring, testing, problem resolution, and managing database integration activities.
Utilize project lifecycle development expertise (Dev, QA, UAT, and production) according to mandated compliance, including SOX, HIPAA, and PCI.
Led database multiple schema development, implementation of triggers, stored procedures, and database-specific shell scripting on Unix (AIX / Linux). Directed design, development, and implementation of database monitoring and administration scripts scheduled through AutoSys, Cron, and Splunk / Zenoss for logs scraping and directory’s sizes monitoring.
Complete database system and SQL performance tuning by rewriting SQL and using Snapshot, Table Function, Event Monitor, and OS commands (topas, vmstat, and iostat), updating DB, DBM, and Db2 registry configuration parameters, using db2top, db2exfmt, and db2expln tools, and running reorgchk, reorg, runstats, and db2rbind commands, OEM different capabilities.
Implement and manage Database Security, using OS group and user ID, DB Authentication, DB Authorization, and database object privileges.
Set up and used Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) and CommVault to make backup / restore of production and manage backups on TSM / CommVault servers. Perform DB2 export/load/import, Oracle and Postgres data pumps for moving data between environments. Setup Postgres backups using pg_dump, pg_basebackup for physical and logical backups.
Perform VTM patching DB2 LUW, Oracle and PostgresSQL databases for remediation security vulnerabilities. Supported Oracle Exadata servers patching.
Develop and support data warehousing environment, using Informatica and Hyperion tools. Ensured resolution of complicated database production problems working with IBM and Oracle support on 24 / 7 basis.
Provide 24 / 7 production support for Oracle, Db2 and Postgres databases.
ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE

Health Care Services Corporations (BCBS), Chicago, Illinois, Senior Application DBA, 2005-2007.
Environment: Bash, ksh and AWK, Perl 5.0, Business Rules 2.0, Java 1.4, XML, DB2 LUW 8.2, Servlets, JSP, J2EE, WebSphere 5.1, AIX 5.3, Windows NT, and Zena 2.1.
Oversaw database migrations across subsystems to create working environments for development, test, and production. Monitored databases for size and structure changes and made application adjustments accordingly. Analyzed developers’ SQL for possibilities of optimization before being promoted into test and production, using Db2 Explain tools.

Rose International, Hoffman Estates, Illinois, Application DBA, 2003-2005.
Provided consulting services for AT&T, Inc.
Environment: SQL, C, XML, Bash, ksh, AWK, DB2 v8.2 LUW, and AIX 4.3.
Performed full database restore, tablespace online restore, redirected restore, and roll forward recovery under various circumstances. Handled management of table space growth, monitoring data files additions and extent growth. Involved in granting various authorizations and privileges to different users. Managed documentation for various database procedures.

Thompson Financial Media, Skokie, Illinois, Senior Software Engineer, 2000-2003
Environment: SunOS 2.7, Windows NT, Java 1.3, HTML 3.2, XML, JavaScript, Oracle 8.1, Db2, Servlets, Java Swing, J2EE, JavaBeans, Java e-mail tools, Perl 5.0, WebSphere 4.0, Tomcat 4.0.

Ameritech, Hoffman Estates, Illinois, Analyst, 1996-2000.
Environment: VAX / VMS 6.1, Windows NT, HTML 3.2, Java 1.2, JavaScript, ASP 2.0, Perl 5, Oracle 7.3, RDB 8.0, DCL, and VAX COBOL.

EDUCATION

MOSCOW STATE UNIVERSITY OF CIVIL ENGINEERING, Moscow, Russia
M.S., Civil Engineering

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

IBM DBA, IBM
Oracle Database 11g Administration Workshop 1, 2, Oracle
JAVA Developer, DePaul University
WEB Developer, DePaul University
Advanced COBOL Development, DePaul University
Contact this candidate