Name: Charles Davis
Labor Category: Field Engineer/Senior Systems Administrator
Clearance: Available Upon Request

Contact Information:
** ******* ***
Magnolia, DE 19962
302-***-**** (h)
302-***-**** ©
ad69kz@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Synopsis: Over 35+ years experience of installing, maintaining, operating and troubleshooting a variety of communications and crypto logical equipment. This candidate has several years of experience working in a 24x7 technical support environment (night shift schedule). He has worked as a Telecommunications Information Systems Manager with several years Federal Service and knowledge and experience with the Agencies Message processing system. This candidate is responsible for Software & Hardware evaluation and installation, network administration, and network/PC problem resolution.

REMH System Administration and Operations Familiarization Course
HTR Administering MS Windows NT 4.0 Certificate
HTR Notes R4.5 System Administration I
HTR Notes R4.5 System Administration II
Ground Wave Emergency Network Operator Course
Communications Operations Advanced NCOES Course

Tier 1 Analyst 2020 –Jan 2024
NextPointGroup, LLC

Provide customer service representative support for customer service desk operations in a 24x7x365 shift work environment. Use desktop software operations, client software, and IT Service Management software (JIRA,Remedy,ServiceNow). Provide support to the implementation, troubleshooting, and maintenance of IT systems. Responsible for rapidly distinguishing isolated user problems from enterprise-wide application/system problems. Coordinate with customers and stakeholders to collect data, conduct analysis, develop, and implement solutions with incident tickets and requirements. Examine customer problems and implement the appropriate corrective action to initiate a repair or return. Overall analyzing recurring problems, annotating, and initiates solutions for preventing reoccurrences.

2010 - 2020
TELECOM Operator
CACI/L-3 NSS/Hewlett-Packard Company

Provide client-site hands-on engineering support to a critical 24x7x365 communications center. Provide close support to users in a highly technical Message Handling Facility environment. Responsibilities include providing system administration support to customers in a Windows NT environment. Analyze and resolve trouble calls in various Local office environment. Has expertise in MS Access, Word, Excel, and other Microsoft based Software applications. Serve as point of contact for customer technical concerns. Perform problem diagnostics and resolutions and user assistance and operating system upgrades.

Field Engineer/Senior System Administrator 2004 – 2010
ACET, Inc.
Provide client-site hands-on engineering support to a critical 24x7x365 communications center. Provide close support to users in a highly technical Message Handling Facility environment. On the project, responsibilities include providing system administration support to customers in a Windows NT environment. Analyze and resolve trouble calls in various local office environment. Has expertise in MS Access, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and many other Microsoft based software applications. Serve as a point of contact for customer technical concerns. Perform problem diagnostics and resolutions, provided user assistance and operating systems upgrades.
Operates and ensures the availability, performance and integrity of Windows NT and Windows 2000 servers
Responsible for the Operations/Maintenance of the servers.
Knowledge of systems management tools, such as Tivoli and Compaq Insight Manager, also troubleshooting of the Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM).
Familiar with Service Request System (SRS) application, trouble tickets for servers to be repaired.
Demonstrates ability to accept responsibility, work independently, and prioritize work tasks.
Ability to deal effectively with high-ranking officials across multiple U.S. Government and Military organizations.
Composure when faced with short suspense deadlines and initiative in handling contingency situations.
Respond to calls in support of stations around the world to provide troubleshooting assistance, circuit status updates and other help needed to keep sites operational.
Successfully use our Matrix switch in the process of troubleshooting and testing a variety of live and future circuits.
Process incoming message traffic and disseminate cables to proper channels and perform classified destruction duties one per month.

Raytheon Technical Services 1995 - 2004
Systems Administrator: As a 24x7 essential personnel and shift worker, responsibilities included providing tier I and II fault isolation and support of mission critical systems. Perform the operation and fault isolation for all NGA Enterprise System-related equipment within the ESC OPS Center. Performance of that function included the following: LAN/WAN Relay Electronic Message Handling system, Cryptographic maintenance, operation, and monitoring, and reporting on all systems and components for NGA’s cast cost division (i.e. system network and communications).

Provide support to the Foreign Broadcast Information Systems operations and centralized help desk. Monitor all FBIS systems to maintain systems reliability, Initiate corrective action to resolve message spills and system abnormalities.

Intrusion Detection Systems Analyst: Monitor the Joint World Intelligence Communications System, JWICS network systems, and the DIA unclassified network systems for intrusions by unauthorized users. Analyze and identify suspected intrusive events and determine courses of action necessary for resolution. . Report and follow up on identified intrusive events and recommend whatever action is necessary to avoid a repeat event.

Technical Support Analyst: Supports Raytheon’s subcontract to SAIC, providing 24X7 support to the customer operations and centralized help desk. Monitor all systems to maintain system reliability. Initiate corrective action to resolve message spills and system abnormalities. Maintain system logs, prepare 0845 Morning Status Report for briefing the customer. Process IDD traffic and traffic addressing external customers. Process Scan FAX papers. Perform HUCS weekly switchover, required system backups and process archive tapes for off site storage. Assist in maintaining MDDI table for message addressing. Monitor Network utilizing HP. Answers tier I and II help desk calls for all customers including field sites and external customers for the Technical Systems, Media Offing Systems (MOSs). Create and resolve STAT tickets for trouble calls.

Systems Administrator: Maintained and monitored Data Center Systems to ensure efficient, timely and quality processing of message traffic. Reviewed console logs to detect line and system abnormalities facilitating timely processing of message traffic and system availability. Resolved message spills and system anomalies. Performed weekly system switchover, and daily and weekly backups as required. Processed IDD traffic via modem to the HUCS system to be transferred via DTS. Interfaced with switching centers and other Communication Centers to identify and resolve connectivity problems for DTS and Wire Services. Scanned production traffic via and corrected errors before processing via DTS. Processed and papers daily. Monitored SPS system and four MOSs to validate operations and updating. Prepared 0845 Morning Report for management briefing and briefed reports to management in the absence of Site Manger. Daily log of Data Center activities. Facilitated the scanning of classified and unclassified disk for virus detection. Assisted on-site manager in the development and creation of operator procedures.

Telecommunications Operator 1992 - 1995
American Red Cross
Transcribed incoming messages received from ARC Chapters Field Stations or Naval Vessels into the computer system ensuring information was complete and error free. Provided effective and quality customer support while working in a highly stressful environment that required high production levels.

U.S. Military 1981 - 1991
Telecommunications Supervisor: Supervised and trained nine joint communications experts while directly supporting the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Defense Intelligence Agency. Maintained and operated equipment for a $25 million communications center. Assumed duties as the Directorate for Information and Resource Management Duty Officer.

HHC 160th Signal Brigade APO AE 09164 (Germany) 1987 -1990
Telecommunications Coordinator: Managed 31 Telecommunication Centers and 2 area Multimedia Exchanges (AMME) spread over 100,000 square mile of Southern Germany and operational posture of all Telecommunications Center assets within the Brigade. Mange and monitored the Technical Evaluation Program, the Defense Communications Agency and the 5th Signal Command Performance Evaluations.

U.S. Army, Element OJCS, ANMCC, Ft. Ritchie, MD 1981-1987
Communications NCO: Member of a Joint Chief of Staff Operations team, Alternate National Military Command Center who maintained proficiency in all Joint Staff Emergency Action Procedures. Ensured connectivity with the National Military Command Center CINC Command Centers Service War Rooms and other government agencies. Maintained proficiency in the operation of computerized message distributions, 165 line communications HF and LF radios, and the White House Communications Agency.
Contact this candidate