Andreys Reytor Lopez
**** ** **** *******
Miami, Florida, 33155
ad6b3f@r.postjobfree.com
+1-786-***-****
linkedin.com/in/andreys-reytor-lopez-80a21210a

Professional resume
Network and Systems Administrator with more than 20 years of experience in the management, implementation and support of IT infrastructures. Expert in configuring network equipment, server administration, performance monitoring and troubleshooting. Recently specialized in DevOps with tools such as GitHub Acctions, GitLab CI/CD, Kubernetes, Docker, Terraform and Ansible. International experience in academic and corporate environments, with advanced skills in various programming languages.
Technical skills
Operating systems: Microsoft Windows Servers, GNU/Linuxs(Debian, Ubuntu, RedHat), Unix(FreeBSD).
Networks: TCP/IP, LAN, MAN, WAN.
Services: DNS, DHCP, VPN, VLAN, NTP, etc.
Hardware: Routers, Switches, Access points, Firewalls, Load Balancers.
Security: Firewalls, IDS/IPS, VPN, SSL, Network Security.
System Administration: User and permissions management, Active Directory, Terminal Services.
Virtualization: VMware, Hyper-V, VirtualBox, Proxmox, LXC
Containers and Orchestration: Docker, Kubernetes
Automation and Configuration: Ansible, Terraform
CI/CD: GitLab CI/CD, GitHubAcctions
Tools: Wireshark, Nagios, SolarWinds, Cisco IOS, Junos OS, Ansible, Puppet
Storage SAN, NAS, RAID, S3
Databases: MySQL/MariaDb, PostgreSQL, SQL Server, MongoDB
Programming and Scripting Languages: Node.js, PHP, Perl, Bash, C/C++, Java, Python, PowerShell

Professional experience.
Network and Systems Administrator and Professor of Computer Networks.
University of Granma, Cuba.
January 2015 – November 2022.
Design, implement and maintain the university's network infrastructure and systems.
Manage Windows and Linux servers, managing users, permissions and security policies.
Monitor and manage network traffic, identifying and resolving connectivity issues.
Configure and manage network devices, including routers, switches, access points and firewalls.
Implement network security measures and monitor suspicious activities to prevent intrusions.
Manage virtualized environments using Proxmox, VirtualBox and Hyper-V.
Prepare and teach computer networking classes to Computer Engineering students.
Network and Systems Administrator and Professor of Computer Networks.
University of Pedagogical Sciences of Granma, Cuba. January 2002 – December 2014.
Manage and maintain the network infrastructure and systems of the IT and economic area of the University.
Manage Windows and Linux servers, including their configuration, maintenance and security.
Implement and maintain VPN connections for administrative staff.
Monitor the performance of systems and networks, resolving connectivity and performance issues.
Document network configuration and security policies.
Prepare and teach computer and operating systems classes to university students.
Network and DevOps Engineer
SoftwaveDynamic LLC, EE. UU.
December 2022 – Present.
Design and maintain CI/CD pipelines using GitLab CI/CD.
Deploy and manage container solutions with Docker and Kubernetes.
Automate deployments and configurations with Ansible and Terraform.
Manage servers and network devices, ensuring operational continuity and security in Development and Production environments.
Collaborate with development teams in the implementation of DevOps practices.
Develop and maintain scripts and applications using Node.js.

Education.
Master in Information Technology
University of Granma, Granma, Cuba.
Graduate in 2010.
Industrial engineering
University of Holguin, Holguin, Cuba.
Graduate in 2001.
Certifications.
(None in the United States)
Languages.
Spanish (Native)
English (Intermediate)

Credential Evaluation.
Ongoing Credential Assessment by World Education Services (WES): Industrial Engineering and Master of Information Technology assessed as equivalent to respective US degrees.
Relevant projects.
DevOps Implementation Project at SoftwaveDynamic LLC.
Description: Implementation of a local Kubernetes Cluster, with Kubespray, MAAS Ansible and Terraform for the Development environment of various software projects using CI/CD pipelines and application containerization to improve efficiency and collaboration between the development and operations team .
Results: Reduction of deployment time by 50% and improved consistency in development and production environments.
Contact this candidate