Qualifications

Professional Windows Systems Administrator with extensive leading-edge IT experience in delivering exceptional customer satisfaction and improving overall operations. Proficient in front-end and back-end operations, development, and support with an excellent record of bringing mission-critical projects in on schedule and within budget. Strong interpersonal, communicative, and organizational skills. Intuitive analytical ability to attain system and application-level solutions. Project proficiency includes analysis, design, development, implementation, documentation, and evaluation.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Operating Systems
Team Development
Active Directory
DNS
Group Policies
DHCP
Account and Share Management
Data Center Racking, Stacking and Cabling
Problem Solving
Network Protocols
Customer Service
Storage & Backup
Monitoring and Troubleshooting of System Performance
PowerShell

EDUCATION AND TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

Hardware: Dell and HP Servers, Client and Server Hardware, RAID, SAN, Cisco Routers and Switches, Tape Backup Units, UPS, Printers, Wireless Access Points

Software: Windows Server, Datto, SharePoint, IT Glue, Domain and Forrest Administration, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, Group Policies, PowerShell, VMware, Azure, Proofpoint, M365, Meraki, Backups and Restores

RELEVANT EXPERIENCE

Colorado Computer Support
MSP
Systems Engineer III (February 2023 – April 2024)

Tier 3 Systems Administrator in the IT environments for several customers.
Direct escalation resource for Tier I and Tier II.
Administration of all Windows Server environments, VMware and Azure, architecture recommendations. Maintain overall performance and end user experience including but not limited to Group Policies, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, PowerShell, reporting, enterprise management, and maintaining overall environment health.

Provide root cause analysis for infrastructure related outages, remediating alerts for physical and virtual server environments, and recommendations to improve stability and performance.
M365 administration

Synoptek (MSP) Denver, CO/Remote
Systems Engineer III/Client Delivery Lead (February 2016 – November 2020)

Team Lead for the IT environments for several customers.
Tier III position and serves as a direct escalation point for Tier I, Tier II, EOC, and Desktop team.
Provide leadership through mentoring for all teammates.
Administration of Windows 2008 and 2012 server environments, VMware and Azure, architecture recommendations to increase overall performance and end user experience, Group Policies, Active Directory, PowerShell, reporting, enterprise management, and maintaining overall environment health.
Provide root cause analysis for infrastructure related outages, remediating alerts for physical and virtual server environments, and recommending fixes to improve stability and performance.
O365 and Exchange Server administration

Catholic Health Initiatives Englewood, CO
One of the top health care providers with over 70 hospitals and health care related facilities in the United States employing over 80,00 persons.

Windows Systems Engineer (2007-2013)
Continued support for Super Users to analyze and supply solutions for issues with testing before and after implementation.
Enterprise Administrator for 6000+ Windows 2003 and 2008 physical and virtual servers in a Forest of 30 child domains.
Top Tier support for local IT for all Active Directory issues including DNS (all areas), DHCP, WINS and GPO’s.
Support for OCS 2007 and Lync 2010.
Managing users, groups, and share permissions.
Migration of users, computers, groups, and distribution lists across the Forest.
Updating servers with software and firmware patches
Hardware support for Dell and HP servers
Extensive Data Center experience for racking, cabling, installing, and configuring server operating systems and hardware.
Experience backing up servers and restoring files with VERITAS NetBackup.

Classen Computer Consulting Colorado Springs, CO
Computer consulting firm servicing over 200 small businesses in the Colorado Springs area.

Senior Consultant (2006-2007)
Remote and onsite support of entire server network including Windows 2003 and Windows 2000 servers and many different types of networking equipment.
Complete support for all end users for all company clients.
Deployment of several Small Business Servers and networks.
Hardware supported: HP and Dell servers and switches, desktop workstations, laptops.
Software supported: Symantec Anti-Virus Enterprise Edition, Webroot Anti-Spyware Enterprise, Symantec Backup Exec 10d, Windows XP Professional, Office 2003, Windows Server 2003/2000, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, GPOs, and Windows Small Business Server 2003.
VERITAS NetBackup for file retention and restoration.

Hewlett Packard Colorado Springs, CO
Contract employee providing helpdesk support to Microsoft employees.

Helpdesk (2005-2005)
Windows operating systems.
VPN issues.
Application and printing issues.

Getronics Remote/Traveling
Contracted to Wachovia Securities during its acquisition of Prudential Financial.

Team Lead / Migration Specialist (2004-2005)
Traveling position (100%)
Team Lead for up to 10 local contractors at each site.
Install pre-configured Windows servers to replace older Novell servers.
Reconfigure desktops for new environment (i.e., remove Novell client, reconfiguring Lotus Notes, drive mappings, reconfiguration of printers, reconfiguration stock market specific software).
Reconfiguring routers and switches for new office locations.
Problem resolution for end users on the first day of business after an office move or equipment change.
Coordinating with office managers, furniture and equipment movers, corporate real estate personnel for all issues relating to computer equipment and scheduling of down time.

Hewlett Packard Colorado Springs, CO
Various job functions for contracts held by HP.

(1995-2003)
Windows Server Administration.
Helpdesk Trainer.
Disaster Recovery for American Express during 9/11.
Desktop support.
Helpdesk Analyst.

References: Available upon request
Contact this candidate