Terrence Healy
COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE – USA 408-***-****
EMAIL: ad6e10@r.postjobfree.com
Sunnyvale, CA
https://www.linkedin.com/in/terrence-healy-53a52a8/

PROFILE
Extensive Customer facing support work in Service Industry working for IBM Global Services, Cognizant, HCL, Tech Mahindra onsite for fortune 500 companies as Team Lead, Operations manager, Service Delivery Manager, Senior Systems Administrator 25 Plus Years, Windows Senior Sys Admin, 15 Years VMware. 20 Years of Data Center Migration Experience, Virtual and Physical. Deployed VRealize Operations for Capacity Planning. Horizon View Administration and Deployment, upgrade and Knowledge Transfer and documentation of processes and procedures.. Deployed Active Directory, VMware, Exchange, SQL, Share Point, NetBackup, Veeam, Symantec Endpointe, Horizon View (VDI), VRealize Operations, Veritas NetBackup, Veeam, IBM, DELL, HP Blade Centers, EMC, IBM Storage, Security Scanning tools, Varonis and I provided application support for just about everything. EMC Certified with Clarion supported 600 Terabyte EMC SAN fiber connected. VSan support for UCSF, had to migrate to Production from 3 Hosts. Deployed Veeam to use with VMware and disaster Recovery Replication. Redesigned Backup Architecture with Veritas NetBackup to replace Tape with SAN to offsite SAN Replication using Veeam and EMC Data Domain. Just Completed Veeam Admin Class and Veeam Administration and Deployment Class.

CORE COMPETENCIES
VMware
Windows
Data center
Storage

Security
Team Lead
Manager
Application deployment
Lead Projects

EDUCATION
Current Classes: Veeam, Completed Feb 2023
3 Years’ Experience Veritas/Symantec NetBackup
VMware vSphere 6.7 Deployment and Administration Class June 2021
VMware VDI 7.5 Deployment and Admin Class June 2021
Mastering Windows Server 2016 Active Directory Class May 2021
OKTA Admin Training Course Nov 2020
Nutanix Classes at UCSF 2016
EMC VNX Training 2 Classes, Anaheim, CA 2014
VMWARE FAST TRACK CLASS onsite at DMDC 2010
VMware Boot Camp at UNITEK attended Twice 2009
Microsoft Security Seminar at UNITEK Feb 2004
UNITEK 2000 MCSE Boot Camp in July 2002, Microsoft 2000/Active Directory, Microsoft Certified Professional Certificate Jan 2000
Computer Training Academy, San Jose, CA 1997 Diploma Program, Computer LAN Tech Certificate courses, Novell Certified Network Engineer Test Preparation, Windows NT, Unix, Desktop hardware and Network and Lan. 1 Month TCP/IP
Phillips Junior College AA Degree, 3.75 GPA Dean’s List 1994 Law Major
Hartnell College: A/C and D/C Electronics Courses 1984

EXPERIENCE
Apex Systems/Northrup Grumman Dec 4th to Present.
Senior Systems Administrator
Supporting VMware and Horizon view with thin Clients, Supporting in Windows, Applications, Service Now, Migrating Horizon and VMware from 7.03 to 8

Crowd staffing\Verily life Science May 2023 to Dec 1
Senior Systems Administrator
Supporting 100 Servers windows and Linux, learning Linux,Scrum, GitHub, Puppet. Working remote from home.
Migrating and Updating Windows Servers in VMware, SAN, support Lab User requests for various projects.
.

TekPartners Dec 2022 to Feb 2023
Senior Systems Administrator
Planning for new Datacenter build out in San Jose for Hospital, ordering equipment, assisting triage of daily incoming tickets, changes and supporting various departments in accusation of New Technologies and deployments.
.

IntelliSwift\BioMarin May 2022 to Dec 2022
IT Architect Lab Systems in Research and Manufacturing
Worked with Teams to migrate Laboratories for research and manufacturing for Pharmaceutical Company BioMarin.
Migrating Manufacturing and Laboratories to new Domain to isolate for security.
Build out new Datacenter and infrastructure, audit all workstations and applications to be migrated and formulate executable plan to migrate. Including Active Directory, VMware, Storage, Network, Printing, all Supporting applications, workstations attached to Lab Equipment, everything from scratch, Identify User accounts, Service accounts, Ingress and Egress on firewalls, ordering equipment, tracking project and reporting to senior management.

Opusing LLC/Roche/BlackBox July 2021 to April 2022
Site Manager/Interim Service Delivery Manager (Roche 4 months) (Intel 5 months)
Interim Service Delivery Manager, Voice Systems Roche, Cisco Unity, Cisco Unity Upgrade, Deployment of Ticketing System integration with Service Now. Built Dashboards for Employee’s and Reports for Teams and Managers.
Coordinated resources remote, 2 Teams, Bay Area and East Coast
Coordinated resources for upgrade of Cisco Unity Upgrade and Service Delivery of Teams to Meet objectives and SLA
Site Manager at Intel: Managed Network Team, Payroll and Project Mgt.

Tech Mahindra/Applied Materials Jan 2021 to Jun 2022
System Engineer
VMware/Windows/Storage/Backups/Security
Monitoring/MDM/Horizon View-VDI/Applications/ServiceNow/Migration/Active Directory,0365
Senior Systems Administrator/VMware Supporting Business Units IT.
VMware 6.7, VMware Horizon 7, VSan, Win 2016 Active Directory, OKTA, (Refresh Classes 2021)
Upgraded VMware UCSF from 6.0 to 6.7 VCenter and ESXI Hosts, hosting Citrix through Load balancers.
Deployed VRealize Operations
Upgraded to Horizon View 7.2
Deployed VSan for smaller projects.
Worked with VMware WorksSpace one at Forescout.
ARETE Nov-Dec 2020
Vulnerability Support Consultant
EDR, working to do Infrastructure restoration, support customer, deploy security Software (EdgeView), End Point Security, Endpoint detection and Response, training for security work. Working with Team to gather Evidence using FTK. VMware/Horizon View

Palo Alto Veterans Hospital Palo Alto, CA June 2020 October 2020
Senior Sys Admin/Team Lead
Organized, addressed architecture, trained Team, created Processes to Image 4000 Laptops and distribute. We were using Windows 10 for all Laptops. The OS was pushed using SCCM, the Apps were pushed separately after Imaging on SCCM. We were doing about 30 laptops a day, we handled Distribution and were doing Incident troubleshooting for Users in the Hospital for Desktops and Laptops. Saved millions on Crash Carts by Converting laptops to replace PCs in nurses rolling carts.
I did a Spreadsheet and Charts to track when SCCM for Image and Apps was up and down which I created and provided to Management. We worked with engineering team to troubleshoot SCCM and windows 10 Images and Applications.

Forescout/OTSI San Jose, CA JAN 13, 2020, to March 6th 2020
Senior Sys Admin/Security DFARS Remediation.
Working to assist onsite Team with DFARS security remediation to enable Government contract. Dedicated resource to support NIST compliance efforts. Worked with Team to analyze findings of DFARS Scan and then worked with Team to enable policies, Architecture, and procedures to pass Audit. Worked with Okta, Workspace One, Nessus, Active Directory, JAMF and several tools they had deployed for Engineering to test with their product.

Gilead Science/Cognizant, FOSTER CITY, CA April 2018 to Nov 2019
Senior Systems admin Project lead
Working in GXP Environment Patching 5000 Servers, Coordinating with System Managers to patch Production servers utilizing Change Management and Team of 12. Upgrade of Legacy OS Systems and Identifying Unknown Systems. Emergency zero-day patching and Identifying System Managers and Application on Unknown Servers. Assisting System Managers to get their servers patched. Assisted and took lead role with VMware Team for Upgrades of ESXI Hosts and deploying VDI. On Team deploying Workspace One and Okta. Assisted Email team with 0365.

Defense Language Institute\, Seaside, CA Jan 2018 to March 2018
Sr VMware Consultant
VMware 6.5 Horizon View, Upgraded Entire VDI Environment to 7.2 base line and troubleshooting to stabilize Environment. Upgraded 3 VDI VCenter’s from 6.0 to 6.5 and ESXI host from 6.0 to 6.5.
Wrote Step by Step procedures and did Knowledge Transfer with Customer.
Wrote procedures for spinning up and taking down Desktop Pools in VDI.
Created backup procedure for VCSA VCenter Appliance and wrote how to documentation.
To cover all administration of VDI Environment. Did POC of WorkSpace one. Worked with VMware and Apple to troubleshoot Government Card Key login issue with Windows Ten. I had to upgrade Golden Image of Windows 10 for Deployment on Apple Laptops

HCL/UCSF Medical Center at Mission Center Building, San Francisco, CA March 2017 to Dec 2018
Wintel/VMware Team Lead

Managing and Supporting UCSF Wintel and VMware Environment with offshore team. Managing large VMware 6.0 Environment, supporting 3000 Wintel Servers for 5 Hospitals. My Team Upgraded VMware VCenter from 6.0 to 6.7. Rebuilt 50 Commvault Servers in 2 weeks, converted to Raid 10 and doubled through put to increase performance. Customer Support on Critical Systems in Hospital. Weekly Project and Department Reporting to Senior Management and Stake Holders. Managed Service Now Queue for My department to meet SLA Requirements. Supported Service Now Queue for daily tickets of Windows, Apps and VMware. Assisted with Support of Exchange team for office 365.
Worked on migration projects, upgrades, and Security. I covered Application support until Team was brought online.

ICE Consulting January Senior Systems Administrator JAN 2016 to March 2016
Contract Supporting multiple clients, windows Server 2016, 2012, 2008, VMware 6, Netapp, Backup Exec, Veeam, and Symantec Endpoint, Deploying Office 365 and Backup Exec, Exchange 2010. Clients were mainly Pharma and GXP Environments. Also supported Windows 10 deployment.

Micrel Semiconductor Inc. San Jose, CA Sept 2012 to Dec 2015
VMware Architect /Senior Systems Administrator/Data Center Manager/
Windows, Active Directory, Exchange 2010, VMware 5.5, Veritas Netbackup7.6. EMC SAN CX4-240, Veritas NetBackup Exec and Endpoint Enterprise Virus Suite. Re-designed VMware deployment, upgraded to 6.0 and implemented recommended upgrades and improvements to Improve IO, throughput, and performance of VMware.
Deployed VMware Operations Manager. Incorporated MDM Management. Deployed Microsoft Office 0365 to replace onsite Exchange Servers.
Responsible for 150 Servers, 750 end users, Upgrading VMware hardware and network, Installing new Veritas NetBackup server, LTO6 Tape drives and Data Domain.
Responsible for Data Center and servers and all user administration, supporting Engineering Development servers and applications. Rolled out Windows 10 deployment for Entire Company. Creating Imaging platform to do 750 End Users.

BMC - Toronto August 2011 to August 2012
Senior Support Engineer
Performed application support from home, support Web HTTP based Performance monitoring software called EdgeView. Supporting clients deploying with Akamai and installing Web based performance software for reporting purposes. Work with Clients through WEBEX to Deploy the Application and set it up for their Website and Data Center.

Aurora Networks Santa Clara, CA Nov 2010 to July 2011
Senior Systems Administrator
Senior Systems Administrator for small company of 500 people, doing everything. Desktop, Network, Active directory, VMware, SAN support and application and Exchange support. Deployed ticketing System for IT work and WSUS for Microsoft Updates. Did POC for Ticketing system and WSUS. Did Support for Windows 10 users.

IBM Silicon Valley Labs San Jose, CA May 2010 to Oct 2010
VMware Architect and SAN Administrator
Deployed VMware on three IBM Blade Centers and Two IBM Storage Area networks.
Assisted in Migrating Company Purchased (SPSS) to SVL Data Center\ Set up three IBM Blade Centers and two IBM DS5040 SANs used for VMware Lab Manager. Consists of 2 vSphere VMware Clusters with Development and production servers. Relocated and migrated servers from data centers around the world, working with worldwide team. Installed vSphere, hosts, Clusters from Ground up.

Department of Defense, Defense Manpower Data Center, Marina CA August 2008 to April 2010
Senior VMware Systems Administrator, System Tools Team
Deployed VMware vSphere Enterprise plus on 2 HP 7000 Blade Centers, with B460G6 Blades and a Netapp. Stood up Proof of Concept for VMware, sold concept to senior executives, completed to production.
Worked with CA Tools, NSM, DSM, UAPM, and Service Desk. Monitored servers, rolled out CA products, troubleshooting monitoring, using DSM to distribute software. New server builds, assisting Systems team with security remediation, writing documentation. Required 7-year security background check. Clever path Portal Administration, Attended Onsite VMware Fast Track training and VMware boot camp at Unitech.

Hitachi Data Systems, Santa Clara November 07 to July 08
Virtual Machine Administrator

Yodlee Inc. Redwood City July 01 to September 21, 2007,
Senior Systems Administrator

Microsoft - Technology Center. Mountain View, CA December, 2005, to March 21, 2007,
Lab Manager/Senior Sys Admin
Contact this candidate