TUMKEZE DIA
ad6ztx@r.postjobfree.com 442-***-**** Houston, TX 77095

Summary
Results-focused, Scrum master with 5 years of proven success in developing and leading cross-functional technical teams to execute and deliver major technology initiatives as well as digital transformation projects. Been exposed to teams using the design development, and approach, User acceptance testing or other testing - automation, continuous integration/continuous delivery. I am a bilingual certified Scrum Master with definitive leadership qualities and strong critical thinking and decision-making skills with technical skills from my experience as a systems administrator. In my experience as a scrum master, I facilitate scrum ceremonies, daily stand-ups, sprint planning, sprint review and retrospective. I have successfully transformed different departments from waterfall to agile. I have coached teams on being self-managed to achieve their work goals. I am team oriented. I have risk oversight skills. I am a demonstrative Scrum Master who communicates effectively. Well-versed in building positive relationships with customers and stakeholders. I have excellent planning competencies. I am a servant leader with some good practices that have worked in the past. I would like to leverage such expertise to impact value delivery.
Skills
Agile Methodology best practices
User-centered design and UI best practices
Continuous testing best practice
Capacity Planning
SAFe & Kanban Frameworks (WIP limit)
Stakeholder Engagement
Jira tracking
Azure DEVOPS(ADO)
Confluence
API Integrations
Coaching and Mentoring
Experience
02/2022 - Current
TD bank
Baltimore, MD
Senior Scrum Master
Facilitate sprint planning, daily scrum, sprint reviews, backlog refinement and retrospectives.
Foster continuous improvement and coach these scrum teams to a higher level of self-organizing maturity, at a pace that is sustainable and comfortable for the team and organization
Emphasize sprint goals and ensure they align with the priorities in the product backlog and active project milestones.
Leverage existing tools (JIRA, Confluence) to find ways in effectively visualizing scrum teams' work and activity, as well as in providing insight towards sprint level and release level goals.
Working with other scrum masters, organize and cross-pollinate best practices between scrum teams in different product areas
Assist in educating new hires about Agile concepts and processes around feature development.
Address and navigate conflict, with poise and fairness and know when to elevate issues outside the scrum team.
Work with Product Owners, Managers and Technical Leads to help coordinate project and feature dependencies across scrums teams.
07/2021 - 01/2022
Humania assurance inc.
Dallas, Texas

Scrum Master(Remote)
Coordinated and facilitated all scrum sprint planning, daily scrum, sprint review and sprint retro throughout the lifecycle.
Helped the team maintain their burndown chart.
Shielded the team from interruptions during the sprint removed obstacles that affect the team.
Coached PO through more technical user stories.
Encouraged collaboration between the scrum team and Product Owner.
Provided and communicated backlog tracking, monitored burndown charts and product metrics, forecast velocity, and oversaw the flow of work related to tasks associated with each requirement (user story).
Remove product impediments while continuously negotiated with the PO throughout the product development life cycle.
Provided continuous education to the scrum team on agile methodology.
08/2019 - 06/2021
Golden one Credit Union
California
Scrum Master(Remote)
Supported the team ways of working (WOW) of Scrum, eliminate impediments and led the team in efforts for improvement.
Helped the team embrace agile and SAFe core values, adopt and apply those principles, implemented practices, assisted the team with the adoption of practices.
Facilitated the team's progress toward team goals, utilized the current Program Increment (PI) Objectives as Iteration Goals.
Collaborated with Product Owner, customers and developers tand identified and clarified scope of problems/issues in terms of business/systems requirements and processes.
Supported the team's efforts to continuously improve communications and relationships with other delivery teams.
Represented the team in the Scrum of Scrums (SoS).
Monitored and reported on team/program effectiveness.
Skilled in the use of agile/development tracking tools like Azure, Jira.
10/2017 - 07/2019
Trinitech Consulting
Beltsville, MD
System’s Administrator
Stabilize, expand, and protect client network and PC environment, building new file servers to maximize Web hosting, terminal server, file/print sharing, and domain control performance. Increase team productivity and automate repetitive tasks by using batch files. Troubleshoot and resolve advanced network and systems issues, providing technical support and ensuring that all hardware, operating systems, and software align with organizational standards and strategic business plan. Manage incoming service tickets using helpdesk dashboard, email, and telephone contact. Build, configure, and maintain physical and virtual systems and oversee disaster recovery operations. Build physical volumes on disks and partitions, combining physical volumes to form volume groups, slicing volume groups to form logical volumes, and formatting, permanently mounting, and deploying logical volumes.
Led process improvements, scanning and removing malware using antimalware software, configuring firewall, troubleshooting using TCP/IP tools, and deleting unnecessary data.
Created local domains and connected systems using Active Directory, promoting standard Windows 2008 server to domain controller.
Set up file and print sharing on AWS Windows Server 2019 EC2, set up hybrid cloud by mapping local systems.
Managed LAN (Linux), introducing new Centos 6 and 7 servers as well as RHEL 6 and 7 servers, changing default host names, assigning IP addresses, and setting up DNS and default gateway.
Introduced Solaris 10 and 11 servers to LAN, using secure copy tool to transfer data from Linux and other Solaris servers.
Created user accounts and assigned permissions in Windows 10, using Active Directory to manage accounts and groups, assigned and revoked permissions to files and directories in Linux, creating user accounts and groups.
Used ZFS to create pool and volumes on pool, expanded and deleted ZFS pool and volumes.
Installed Veritas Storage Foundation Suite 6.01 to store and maintain data.
Acted as escalation point for troubleshooting advanced network/systems issues, consistently earned 100% issue-resolution scores by providing excellent service to internal and external customers.

10/2014 - 09/2017
MTN
Douala, Cameroon
Business Analyst
Worked effectively with cross-functional design teams to create software solutions that elevated client-side experience and significantly improved overall functionality and performance.
Conducted market research to identify potential opportunities for new product development.
Analyzed customer data to determine trends in purchasing behavior.
Developed financial models and forecasts to support business decisions.
Performed cost-benefit analysis of proposed changes to business processes.
Collaborated with stakeholders across departments to define requirements for new projects.
Education and Training

Masters in International Relations (Conflict Resolution)
International Relations Institute of Cameroon (IRIC)

Bachelor of Arts in LAW
University of Buea

PSM Certified Scrum Master
Scrum Alliance

Accomplishments
Helped Explorers squad advance on their SHU Agile Fluency (Transparent group metrics of value, efficiency, and health).
Helped my Squads Align on new ways of working, and being comfortable with Agile practices (i.e., unhidden work).
I have been an of Agile values, principles, and practices.
Helped my Squads make data driven decisions and enhance predictability of the delivery rate using tools like (dashboards, Scoring Cards, and Team Health Survey)
Helped teams track risk.
Coached teams on Jira Hygiene.
Languages
English, Native/ Bilingual
French, Native/ Bilingual
Contact this candidate