April (Carson) McPherson
Lenexa KS 913-***-****
ad70sd@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/acarson00/

Digital Workspace Optimization • Enterprise Systems Transformation

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Multifaceted, senior-level operating systems administrator with over 15 years of IT project leadership experience implementing and integrating enterprise workstations and servers. Highly advanced in proper software packaging and network security within large Active Directory environments for diverse global companies.

Recognized by superiors and clients as a subject matter expert in facilitating Microsoft System Configuration Center Manager and modern Endpoint management technologies (SCCM / MECM).

Thrives autonomously and collaboratively with cross-functional teams. Seamlessly balances multiple priorities simultaneously and completes deliverables on time and within budget in a fast-paced environment. An influential communicator who confidently advises executive decision-makers of major clients.

Additional technical processes and skills of relevance include:
Cybersecurity, Patch Management, and Data Safeguarding
Software and Automation Integration
Release Management and User Acceptance Testing
KPI and Analytics Reporting
Network Troubleshooting, Configurations, and Risk Mitigation
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning
Agile Principles
Employee Training and Client Onboarding

Microsoft and other software platform proficiencies:
Windows Server Operating System Administration (2012, 2016, 2019)
Windows Desktop Operating Systems (7, 8.1, 10, 11)
Microsoft SQL Server (2008 R2, 2012 R2, 2014, 2016, and 2019)
Windows Server Update Services (WSUS)
Active Directory, Azure, Group Policy, OSD
Orchestrator and Runbooks
SQL Server (Always On and Clustering)
CrowdStrike ITDR (Identity Threat Detection and Response)
Scripting (Perl, Python, PowerShell)

Accreditations and certifications:
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer License 6343602
Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM)
ITIL Foundation Certification
BMC Certified Administrator (BMC Remedy AR System 07.06.04)
BMC Accredited Administrator (BMC Remedy IT Service Management 8.0, MyIT 2.0)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Atos / Allscripts, Remote
Senior Systems Engineer – SCCM /MECM (2015 – Present)
Progressed to higher levels of systems engineering and digital workplace services, serving as a hands-on administrator for a multinational IT consulting company specializing in unified communications, cloud computing, Big Data, and cybersecurity services for a wide range of industries.

Drove significant, transformative SCCM / MECM projects for large global companies including Carrier, Otis Elevator, and National Grid, along with a major defense contractor (Northrup Grumman).
Adept at managing large projects from proof of concept to completion, providing detailed reporting around milestones, project status, risk management, and financial status.
Accountable for leading the technical team, delivering communications to various levels of the client from Executives, technical staff across various teams, and known fixes and problem management for first level support.

Accountable for application package management for enterprise Windows operating systems. Credited with driving significant digital transformations globally after Atos’s acquisition of Allscripts in 2018.

Leverage IT leadership, to facilitate enterprise systems engineering, mobile device management technologies, and approval processes supervising up to 30 individuals during this period.

Accountable for patch management optimizing hardware, software, firmware, drivers, storage, virtualization, and business services to protect global companies against vulnerabilities.

Instrumental in exceeding patching and software deployment goals for worldwide SLAs.

Engineer and support a growing Microsoft environment that includes several System Center components, (Active Directory, Group Policy, and SQL Server) along with software deployments and client health checks.

Facilitate a healthy computer environment by developing, testing, and deploying automation scripts utilizing Microsoft System Center Orchestrator and Runbook Designer.

Regularly generate audit reports for Microsoft 365 Environment to ensure account data is not breached adhering to PCI and SOX compliances.

Spearheaded new business development interacting with executive decision-makers for major clients. Presented innovative solutions for patching and automation processes and implementing enhanced security tools within multiple datacenters.

Played an integral supporting role in blocking fileless script-based cyber-attacks deploying Allscripts’s CrowdStrike ITDR to over 15,000 cloud-based servers nationwide.

University of Kansas Hospital, Kansas City, KS
Configuration / Enterprise Information Manager (2009 – 2015)
Responsible for large-scale implementations and configurations of enterprise systems and solution development, utilizing BMC Application Discovery and Dependency Mapping (ADDM) for a world-class academic medical center.

Implemented a scalable, unified infrastructure monitoring and management platform that simplified IT administration for on-premises, hybrid, and SaaS environments (SolarWinds Suite). This massive project was completed and fully functional within five months.

Administered a Microsoft System Center Operations Manager (SCOM) datacenter to monitor infrastructure health and application performance management.

Collaboratively created an O2 Access Request Form Service Request for Epic EMR centralizing automation for six teams that eliminated excessive emailing.

Significantly revamped server patching by creating an automated solution that minimized the risk of system vulnerabilities. This increased overall patching by 6% within four months while achieving a compliance rate of 96%.

EDUCATION

Western Governors University Master of Science - Information Technology Management
DeVry University Bachelor of Science - Network and Communications Management (Magna Cum Laude)
Contact this candidate