Philip Wilhelm
Prosper, TX 425-***-**** ad74od@r.postjobfree.com

Passionate about IT technologies and developing teams that are both effective and highly efficient. Eager to be a part of the next phase of a company's IT evolution, experienced enough to know that it takes a team to make a real difference and at the core of a great team is a group that loves what they do.

SKILLS

●Operations / Support Team Management - 15 years managing Enterprise IT Operations teams
●Team Building - Proven track record of building highly efficient and effective teams from the ground up.
●Contractor / Vendor management - 15 years managing offshore contractors
●Customer Service - 20+ years working with both internal and external customers
●Process and Controls Implementation - Highly effective in implementing processes and controls to increase up-time and reliability in IT systems. Strong ability to Interpret and develop policies and procedures
●Communication / Collaboration - Engage and influence stakeholders, internal partners, and peers in order to identify new products and solutions, and research solutions for existing systems

TECHNOLOGIES

●Microsoft - Windows Server, Windows desktop operating systems, MS Office 2013, O365, Active Directory Infrastructure design, TCP/IP, DNS, WINS, DHCP, Exchange Server, remote access, Windows security, Group Policy, SQL Administration
●Network - Lucent routers, Cisco Routers, HP switch configuration, Cisco Switch configuration, VPN, RSA, Switch configuration
●Antivirus Technologies - Symantec Antivirus Corporate Edition, Sophos Enterprise Edition, McAfee
●Help Desk Technologies - Adobe Connect, WebEx, and Windows Remote assistance, Homer, Remedy, ServiceNow, RIOT
●Systems Management Technologies - SCCM, SAN, Remote Installation Services, VERITAS Backup Exec, HP Altiris RDP
●Project Management

CERTIFICATIONS / EDUCATION

Windows MCSA, MCP Microsoft SQL Administration, Networking Essentials, Windows 7,8,10 Workstation, Windows 2008/2012 Server, Core Technologies, Citrix Administration Certification, ITIL v3 Foundations

●New Horizons Microsoft SQL Training Livonia, Michigan
●Navision Enterprise Software Training Toronto, Canada
●University of Toledo Toledo, Ohio
●Owens Technical College Toledo, Ohio

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

T-Mobile USA Dec 2007 –Nov 2022

Manager Enterprise IT Operations Support

●Direct a Team of 5 FTE and 37 Offshore Contract employees responsible for maintaining approximately 12,000 Windows based servers and the respective hardware within the T-Mobile organization.
●Accountable for Enterprise IT Operations Backups
●Manage a Team 9 to maintain the Corporate backups system for all Servers as well as the Avamar Client Laptop Backup Solution. This includes regular maintenance, cleanup, and backup verifications to ensure all systems are working properly and our systems are protected
●Previously responsibilities:
●Manage the UNIX Support Team, SAN Support and Backup Support Team and VMWare Support under the Enterprise IT Infrastructure Operations Support Group
●Responsible for the Management, Evaluation and Implementation of best practices, software tools, server patches, Symantec SEP, HP OVO and HP Server Automation (Opsware), OS. Maintain and manage all Windows Support Remedy Tickets reducing outstanding customer requests from 550 to 15 and reducing the outstanding ticket age from 2 years to no more than 3 days.
●Consistently evaluating processes and procedures to ensure maximum effectiveness.
●High level of visibility with the Executive Team and demonstrates the ability to build strong partnerships with the business.

Manager Enterprise IT – Windows Projects

●Responsible for the implementation and deployment of all new Windows based servers and projects within T-Mobile organization, Resulting in approx. 1,500 builds on an ongoing basis.
●Responsible for the Management, Evaluation and Implementation of these projects from conception to completion.
●Consistently evaluating processes and procedures to ensure maximum effectiveness.
●High level of visibility with the Executive Team and demonstrates the ability to build strong partnerships with the business.

SumTotal Systems Sept. 2006 – Oct 2007

Senior Systems Administrator

●On point for bringing new technology into the organization through discovery, testing and deploying new products.
●Provide direction and assistance to other members of the IT staff.
●Facilitate methods to meet department strategic plan of 99.99% uptime and availability
●Responsible for ensuring location compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley.
●Provide day-to-day support of all SumTotal systems.

Tectura Corporation July 2000 – Sept. 2006

Infrastructure Services Manager

●Responsible for the management of a team of 5 employees.
●Develop and implement an IT strategy to define, manage, and enforce leading edge technology methodologies, policies and procedures while fostering an atmosphere of continuous improvement that are in alignment with the business needs and organizational strategy for a 250 user system.
●Design, Implement, migrate and maintain Windows 2000/2003 Enterprise Network System including over 50 locations globally and over 2000 users.
●Responsible for all anti-virus measures for servers, email, and pc’s using Symantec Products.
●Recruited, hired and supervised Network Server Administrators, Infrastructure Engineers, and Desktop Support personnel.
●Provide leadership and support to the IT staff toward the accomplishment of goals, measures, and objectives for the company, while monitoring quality of work and productivity of the team. (Including but not limited to, Team building, performance reviews and career progression planning expense/time approval and daily activity monitoring).
●Server and Network management for 14 locations (includes firewalls, bridges, routers and switches)
●Responsible for investigating and executing leases for purchase of over $150K in equipment annually.
●Responsible for the desktop and laptop management and email installation and account supervision for staff of 250
●Implement procedures and maintain documentation for optimal IT operations, which includes monitoring, emergency response, and backups for high-availability systems.

Senior Network Administrator / LAN/WAN Specialist

●Migrate a single server NT 4.0 network to Windows 2000 while adding 5 additional servers and configuring an Active Directory domain, e-mail, file, application, and proxy servers.
● Maintain LAN/WAN switches, company file directories, permissions, security, Lucent routers, T1 internet access and a Veritas backup solution.
●Performance tuning and network troubleshooting for 30 clients running Windows 95, 98, NT 4.0 and 2000 Professional.
●Update all PC/Servers for 250 employees with latest software updates and drivers, migrate newly acquired offices to Microsoft Exchange Server 5.5 as well as coordinate the integration of these offices into our single domain environment.
●Diagnosing of printer queue problems. Involved in purchasing, installing, and configuring Windows NT 4.0/ 2000 migration rollout.
Contact this candidate