Yvon Jeannot Jr.
ad772t@r.postjobfree.com
CELL 702-***-****
Address **** ******** ******
North Las Vegas, NV 89081.

Professional Experience

City National Bank, Los Angeles California
October 2018 – August 2021
Systems Administrator III/AVP

Support ESP (an application scheduler), Message Way, FTP and IIS
Supporting Windows server operating systems and environments
Supporting SQN Scanview Application, CRA-Wiz Application and Synergy
Setting up mailbox and configure Message way and working with Vendors
Banking or other financial services software systems preferred
Administration tools for database troubleshooting and supporting end users
Local and wide area networks, protocol and simple network troubleshooting
Good knowledge of IIS web servers and transmission.
Participate in Disaster Recovery and testing ensuring the primary site was made inactive and secondary was active.
Supporting Oracles database and installing Oracle unified directory service.
High performance easy deploy, manage and monitor configured alerts
server events include server starts and shut downs, or problems that are detected by the server, such as an attempt to write to the configuration file

Citizens Bank, East Providence, RI
May 2015 – October 2018
Lead Application Engineer
Serve as subject matter expert in one of the bank’s system components to process and format Remote Mobile Deposits and ATM deposits for Citizens Bank customers.
Serve as key technical member on the ATM Image Conversion Phase 2 Project which allowed non-Citizen Bank customers the ability to make deposits on Citizens Bank ATMs .
Copy existing scripts from the SIT/QA environment to the new SIT environment and modifying the scripts to retrofit to the new application SIT servers and functions.
Work with vendor identifying issues with upgraded software code and coordinating with the project team to implement new enhancements. Systems supported Vector Resolve, Web Request, Payment Warehouse and APG Collector Systems. Alogent Payment gateway serving as a central connection, processing, reporting and routing solution for image and date received across the enterprise.
Participate in Disaster Recovery testing ensuring the primary site was made inactive and secondary site was active for internal applications to retrieve customer data and images.
Participate in 24x7 support rotation for all applications our team support.
Window Server 2012 and 2016
IIS Microsoft experience
Scripting – PowerShell, Bash, etc. (read, modify, write)
Experience with FTP
Deploy, Troubleshooting and manage

Trelleborg, Sealing Solutions, Northborough, MA
September 2013 – May 2015
IT Operations Specialist – America’s
Windows Servers, LAN/WAN/WLAN/VLAN/WiFi. Duties.
Assist in maintenance and support of all aspect IT Infrastructure and network resources as required.
Understanding of LAN/WAN routing/witching technology (layer 1/layer 2/layer 3.
Active Directory, Lotus Notes/Outlook, WDS/SCCM, and Microsoft server administration
Excellent customer service, planning IT and business operations.
Good communication skills for extensive contact with technology teams, and end user Management
Interface with departments, technical vendors, and personnel to solve problems
Skill in organizing workload and establishing priorities, Assist with new Project for new sites.
Maintains a broad knowledge of state-of-the-art technology, equipment, Set up Alcatel lucent phone, VOIP, and PSTN
Participate in project planning, implementation and documentation.

TwinStrata, Natick, MA
June 2012 – May 2013
Systems, Applications Support Engineer
Installed VMware Virtual and Physical Appliance, Hypervisor VMware, ESX or ESXI (v.3.5 Greater).
Citrix Xen Server (v.5.5 Greater), Microsoft Hyper-V (Server 2008 R2). The hypervisor must support 64 bit Linux OS guest Operating System.
Assist Customers on installation, configuration and using the TwinStrata Cloud Array platforms.
Use PUTTY SSH to log onto customer's system and assist them in trouble shooting any problems.
Attach ISCSI initiator to the host as a target.
Proactively work with Software Engineers to provide the support team with current information on the product problems and resolutions.
Created cases using Salesforce.
Assisted customers to connect to their cloud storage provider.
Network troubleshooting and firewall issue and assist QA Manager with setting system for testing.
Respond promptly to customer problems and questions that come in through email and the telephone.
Used third party tools to test cloud Storage connection, i.e. S3 Organizer, cyber duck and others.
Accurately identify, replicate, and document software defects and customer-requested product.
AGmednet, Boston, MA
August 2010 – June 2012
Systems Support Engineer
Provide support on an as-needed basis to existing subscribers reaching the support line.
Respond promptly to customer problems and questions that come in through email and telephone.
Help customers to install, configure and use the AG Mednet network and peripheral systems. Linux, UNIX, PostgreSQL, Putty SSH, Nagios, and SugarCRM SSH.
Diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolve portal, transport, and network issues with customers.
Manage multiple customers’ cases simultaneously and provide regular progress updates to customer with open support issues. Dicom, DLQ.
Enter customer–related information including case history in the contact tracking database. Salesforce.
Proactively work with Software Engineers to provide the Support team with current information on the product problems and resolutions
Accurately identify, replicate, and document software defects and customer-requested product enhancements in the appropriate tracking system.
On-call rotation assignment.

Technical Skills

Languages: Java, JSP, JSF, VB, COBOL, SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, XML.
Tools: UNIX, Windows, Ubuntu Linux, EC2 Linux, Citrix Xen App, Sun One Application and Web Servers, Tomcats Servlet Engine, Apache Web Server, Database. Eclipse Netbeans, Microsoft Visual Studio.
Other: Proven management communication, leadership, and mentoring skills.
Experience with Agile/iterative and waterfall development processes, Managing, Object oriented design, dynamic web application design, Database Schema design, J2EE (Servlet, JSP, JSF JDBC, hibernate) Web services (SOAP), Java APIs for XML Technical Training.
Trained in Software Quality Assurance, good knowledge in Automation.
Involved in Functional User Interface testing, Regression testing.
Wide knowledge of Software QA tasks such as writing test plans and test cases.

Certifications

UNIX Network Administration
Java Client Programming
Java Server Programming
CompTIA Network Fundamentals

Education

DevOps Training Certificate
Edureka May 2021
Proficient in developing Continuous Integration/ Delivery pipelines
Experience with automation/ integration tools like Jenkins
Knowledge of major cloud service providers, like AWS, Azure etc
Good understanding of Infrastructure as Code (Programmable Infrastructure), and how you can achieve that by using tools like Puppet, Chef, Ansible etc.
Hands-on knowledge of software containerization platforms like Docker and container orchestration tools like Kubernetes and Docker
Good hands-on knowledge of Source Code Management (Version Control System) tools like Git and Subversion

Master of Science, Computer Science, Database Design
Colorado Technical University, Denver, CO, June 2012
Software Project Management
Computer Systems Security
Database Design, Data Warehouse, Data Modeling, OLTP, ETL
Systems Engineering Requirements and Model
Database Systems Conceptual Design, ER diagram

Bachelor of Science, Software Systems Engineering
Colorado Technical University, Denver, CO, November 2010
Operating Systems UNIX, C shell bounce shell
Programming Java, Object Oriented, UML, JSP, JSF servlet Net beans IDE
Apache Tomcat, DHTML XML, Hibernate, HTTP, SOAP, MYSQL
Database SQL and Warehouse Management and Relational Database
Network Communication and Network Security, Disaster Recovery Systems
Security: IPSEC, Access Lists, SSH, RAIDIUS/TACACS, 3DES, PIX
Routing Protocols: RIP, BGP, ISIS, EIGRP

Associate Degree, Computer Network Operations
Gibbs College, Denver, CO, May 2003
Operation Systems: MS window 95, 98, 2000, XP, NT, Novell, and DOS
Language: HTML, Visual basic, SQL, COBOL, RPG, CL
Database: Oracle, Access SQL Server
Networking: TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, Apple Talk, Netbui, Router Hub
Legacy System: IBM, AS/400
Contact this candidate