AUNDRAS GOODINE
West Elgin, SC *****
(***) *** - 0741 - ad77b7@r.postjobfree.com - WWW: Bold Profile PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Driven Systems Administrator with 8 years of experience in software implementation and maintenance. Proven history of managing complex infrastructures and data center operations. Expert in solutions-oriented business application problem-solving and dedicated to providing best-in-class service. Skilled at troubleshooting, communication and collaboration. I served my country in the field of Cyber Systems Operations directly involved with Information Systems in the US Air Force Intelligence Squadron. I am a Military Veteran with a Secret Security Clearance. Knowledgeable system administration professional current with latest trends and technical updates available. Known for effective software licensing management and SAAS subscriptions to meet budgets and reduce costs. Excellent track record of response to system problems and data management challenges. Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. SKILLS
Windows Server 2008, 2012, 2012
R2, and 2016
Linux
Mac / Microsoft Windows (95, 98,
XP, Vista)
Windows 7, 8, 10, Vista Business
Enterprise
VSphere Client
Trusted Thin Client
Veritas Backup Excel
Microsoft Office (2003, 2007, 2010,
2013, 2016)
SharePoint 2016
Data Backup
New Technology Integration
IT best practice framework expertise
SIEM
Remote Access
Active Directory Management
WORK HISTORY
01/2022 to 05/2024 System Admin
Vectrus – Kuwait
Configured and managed WINS, DNS, and DHCP Servers Maintained network security and integrity by managing antivirus / security requirements by US Army standards and regulations
Processed and routed SCCM trouble tickets decreasing workload by 35%. Implemented, developed and tested installation and update of file servers, print servers and application servers.
Enhanced network security by implementing a multi-layered approach to Active Directory administration.
Reduced downtime for users through proactive monitoring and maintenance of the Active Directory environment.
Streamlined user account management by automating the onboarding and offboarding processes.
01/2021 to 01/2022 System Admin
General Dynamics – Shaw AFB
Maintained all daily aspects of sever administration/VDI Works in a DoD mission-oriented environment centered on VDI/TTC servers and clients
Responsible for maintaining both hardware and software for VDI/TTC weapons systems
Ensure issue resolution for customers on unclassified networks in a Windows 10 and Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) environment Activates, deletes, and modifies workstation and user accounts for end users. 01/2020 to 01/2021 System Admin
Department of Veterans Affairs – Columbia, MO
Maintained all daily aspects of sever administration Works in DoD mission-oriented environment centered on mission availability and quick response to customer reported issues while following all DoD, and DISA policies and instructions
Responsible for maintaining both hardware and software in complex computing environment
Ensure issue resolution for customers on unclassified networks in Windows 10 and Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) environment Activates, deletes, and modifies workstation and user accounts for end users. 01/2019 to 01/2020 System Admin
Vectrus – Jalalabad, Afghanistan
Maintained all daily aspects of sever administration Managed Microsoft 2012 AD
Configured and managed WINS, DNS, and DHCP
Performed daily administration of Exchange 200x servers Provided Outlook Web Access
Responsible for operation of VERITAS Backup Exec to conduct file server Backup and Restores
Maintained Systems Availability and perform regular maintenance on equipment
Maintained network security and integrity by managing antivirus / security requirements by US Army standards and regulations
Configured local Network printer, workstations/ Running ACAS scans to keep systems within regulations.
01/2017 to 01/2019 Helpdesk Administrator
APEX/S-4 INC – Peterson AFB
Demonstrated the ability to multitask between customer emails, phone calls, and unresolved ticket request
Provided training to incoming employees on BMC Remedy ticketing system Provided VoIP operations, setup and procedures
Provided Hardware/Software and system installs
Managed ticket queue to ensure SLA metrics were met or exceeded. 01/2011 to 01/2016 Security- Pass & ID Specialist
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE – Various
Possess extensive experience with Active directory and system infrastructure Effectively planned, installed, configured, and optimized over 100 software/ 15 servers
Supervised team of 17 personnel charged with performing security operations in high-stress environments, coordinated training, resource allocation, and manpower scheduling
Processed and routed SCCM trouble tickets decreasing workload by 30%. EDUCATION
Expected in 01/2026 Bachelor of Science: Cloud Computing Western Govern University - N/a
01/2016 Associate of Applied Science
Community College of The Air Force - Various
CERTIFICATIONS
Comp-TIA (CASP+)
DISA ACAS
EMASS
Comp-TIA Security+ CE
MCSE: Windows Server 2016
MCSA: Windows Server 2016
Microsoft: Windows 10
CWNA – Certified Wireless Network
CWSP- Certified Wireless Security
Linux +
CLEARANCE
Active Secret Security Clearance
AWARDS
Air Force Achievement Medal
Army Commendation Medal
Outstanding Unit Award
Contact this candidate