Ulysses Duran
ad7cjw@r.postjobfree.com
760-***-****

WORK SUMMARY
** ***** ** ********** ** the Systems Administration and Technical Support field within commercial, financial, and government institutions.

PROFESSIONAL HISTORY
August 2013-Present
Senior Technical Support Specialist- Enterprise Storage and Replication, Hitachi Vantara, San Diego, California
As a Senior Technical Support Specialist, provided professional and courteous customer service while ensuring accurate analysis, resolution, and/or follow up on reported Enterprise and Midrange SAN product failures, data replication configuration problems and technical inquiries for all related products. Considered by many as a subject matter expert in all Hitachi replication products. Developed and provided accurate and creative solutions for customer issues resulting in a timely distribution of knowledge and positive impact on customer satisfaction. Mentored and assisted other support center specialists in support of a major or other complex problems. Contributed to Technical Knowledge Base by reviewing and enhancing other junior and senior support center specialists’ solutions and creating useful, findable solutions. Documented problem description, error message, troubleshooting steps, recommendations, or action plans for customers. Interacted as a product liaison for major products, working with other corporate departments and 3rd party developers to solve technical issues. Led team projects that enhance the quality and/or efficiency of the support center and support center tools. Deployed an Active Directory integrated lab domain for a team test\dev environment for my department to allow access to internal lab resources.

March 2009-July 2013
Software Test Engineer, (SAIC) Science Applications International Corporation, San Diego, California
As a Software Test Engineer on the Joint Network Management System (JNMS) and the Integrated Weapons of Mass Destruction Toolset (IWMDT) projects, my primary functions included developing, conducting, and reporting on software-level and system-level test procedures for a joint planning and reporting tool comprised of COTS and GOTS integrated with custom software. Set up test environments using VMware ESX and ESXi hosts, HA and DRS. Analyzed software/system requirements, designs, code and test plans to develop test procedures and reports. Also participated in test metrics collection and analysis activities. Other duties included documentation of problems encountered during tests and assisting software engineering staff to identify resolutions. While not performing formal tests, was called upon to support Fielding and Training events as a Subject Matter Expert.

May 2005-February 2009
Systems Administrator, Siemens IT Solutions (Washington Mutual Bank), Irvine, California
As a Microsoft Windows Server Engineer provided server-based engineering support for design and implementation of customer networks. Focused primarily on Wintel servers and implementations. Interfaced and consulted with all levels of management and customer contacts as a strategic business partner with a proven history of leadership and cross-group collaboration skills. Experienced in a 24x7 production environment supporting critical real-time applications with maximum uptime across the server network environment. Delivered 7x24x365 support with on-call duties. Also, assisted in identifying and resolving readily identifiable, clearly defined problems. Perform day-to-day storage and recovery duties that included media management and library troubleshooting. Maintained enterprise patch-compliance for servers and related applications using FLOW and Marimba Castanet Tuner.

July 2004-May 2005
Data Storage and Recovery Engineer, TEK Systems (Washington Mutual Account), Irvine, California
Responsible for maintaining backup policies and assuring all backups are successfully completed using different backup programs such as BrightStor Enterprise Backup and/or VERITAS NetBackup. Performed data restores when needed and also participated in disaster recovery exercises. Also, assured proper media offsite storage was performed on a daily basis with proper reports on media stored offsite. Managed backups for approximately 57 servers across the network. Ordered media when needed and made sure all libraries where at full capacity to perform necessary backup operations.

Dec 2000-May 2004
Network Engineer and TDN Gateway Operator (Sgt, E-5), United States Marine Corps, Camp Pendleton, California
Network specialist responsible for large topology engineering and design. Complete planning, installation and configuration of deployed LAN/WAN networks while deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. Diagrammed, implemented, managed, and maintained a network consisting of 15 servers, 3000 workstations, and 10000 users with minimal downtime. Monitor trunk, line and transmission performance of network across commercial and tactical communications equipment. Manage traffic flow and respond to degradations and failures using systematic troubleshooting steps for problem resolution or possible network re-engineering to ensure optimum network performance. Maintained IAVA security compliance on server’s, laptops, PC’s, and related applications when issued. Responsible for ensuring that all new equipment, to be installed, was submitted to IASO to maintain compliancy with security issues. Accounting for and logging of all and any changes to network in physical log book. Operate and perform rekey and limited maintenance on cryptographic equipment. Instructed personnel on Cisco Routers, Cisco and 3Com Switches, VLAN’s and STP, Network Design, IP addressing and sub-netting, DNS, DHCP, WINS, SMTP, VERITAS Backup, Norton Anti-Virus Server, NT Server, NT Workstation, Exchange 5.5, Cabling Techniques, Cryptography, and LAN/WAN Troubleshooting.

Technical Proficiencies
Operating Systems: Windows Server OS. VMware ESX and ESXi, Site Recovery Manager (SRM). Linux OS, Active Directory.
Server Systems: IBM xSeries, HP ML and DL series, Dell PowerEdge series, Hitachi UCP.
Storage: Hitachi Enterprise Storage Systems- VSP, G1000, Gx00 series, and VSP5000. Midrange Storage systems- AMS200- series and HUS series. Hitachi Replication technologies- Command and Control Interface (CCI\HORCM), Replication Manager, Hitachi Command Suite, Hitachi Shadow Image, Hitachi Thin Image, Hitachi True Copy, and Hitachi Universal Replicator, Hitachi SRA. Hitachi OpsCenter with a focus on Protector and Administrator.
Programming languages: Ruby, Python, PowerShell.

Miscellaneous Proficiencies
ClearCase, ClearQuest, Clarify Ticket System, Insight, Microsoft Office Suite, Salesforce, GOTS- Spectrum XXI, NPT, JACS, and SPEED. SAR/GAR and Annex K reporting subsystems. IAVA, GoldDisk.

Certifications:
-CompTIA Security+

Government Clearance:
-Secret (expired as of 2021)

References:
1. Paul Nacionales 619-***-****
2. Paul Walters 760-***-****
3. Brett Whinnen 412-***-****
Contact this candidate