James E Manson ad7dh9@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL Seasoned, resourceful IT Professional with 30+ years experience supplying Website
SUMMARY design/administration, networking and troubleshooting services to diverse clientele. Accomplished technical generalist, skilled at working with customers to bridge the gap between business objectives and technology capabilities.
Proactive problem solver, implementing solutions with careful consideration to the bottom line, long-range goals, feasibility and ease of use.
Ability to leverage existing technologies to maximize organization benefit.
Innovative contributor, with a tenacious focus on objectives, an unwavering commitment to customer satisfaction, and the ability to execute multiple priorities within fast-paced environments.
TECHNICAL Languages: VBScript, JavaScript, Classic ASP, DCL, COBOL, C#, HTML, CSS
SKILLS Databases: Azure SQL, MS SQL Server, MongoDB, MS Access, MySQL
Software/Tools: Microsoft 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft DevOps, Sitecore, Certified Sitecore Marketer, Kentico CMS, Umbraco CMS, Visual Studio, IIS,
PROFESSIONAL Roundedcube, St Louis, Missouri 01/2009 – 04/2024
EXPERIENCE Senior Infrastructure Consultant/Director of Support Services 15 years
Project Manager/Web Engineer
To provide web site and technical support across multiple areas in a variety of roles, ranging from project manager, systems administration, network engineer, web site launches and deployments/updates to creating and implementing enhancements for productivity. Analyze client requirements and provide technical guidance on their needs.
Key Project Accomplishments:
Architected then implemented a complete migration from physical infrastructure to virtual infrastructure in Microsoft Azure
Performed all production launches, deployments and updates to infrastructure.
Provided technical support and technical training for clients
Launched eCommerce sites and managed workflow
Implemented and maintained company email system (Microsoft 365)
Researched, selected and managed company wide phone system
Standardized and managed DNS
Reported and performed billing procedures/processes
Interfaced with distributed teams for collaborative management of client owned resources and projects
Managed an active alert system to monitor down-alerts for production systems
Responsible for maintaining & creating CI/CD pipelines in Microsoft DevOps for deployment.
Participated in sales efforts as a SME, writing & reviewing estimates & time lines
Responsible for creating and distributing developer workstations/ hardware
Server and network design and acquisition when we were on premises.
Managed support team of coworkers for retainer clients

St. Louis Community College, St. Louis, MO 2002 – 2017
Adjunct Professor 15 years
Teach basic to advanced classes on Windows, JavaScript and Web Server Implementation. Developed curriculum for Web Server Implementation using both Windows Server and IIS. Created curriculum for new AJAX classes.
The Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod, St. Louis, MO 1990 – 2002
Senior Systems Analyst/Project Leader/Programmer 12 years
Concordia Publishing House: Designed, built and launched eCommerce Website using ASP, CGI, COM objects and shopping cart technologies.
School/Congrgation Locators: Designed, coded, tested and implemented search engine Website using various technologies, including geo-coding for distance searches and Java applets for graphing and statistical analysis.
The Lutheran Church Infrastructure: Built and managed Internet Web infrastructure, including servers and software that hosted 90-plus Websites and multiple Web applications. Provided Helpdesk support to 500+ users. Also built and managed Intranet Web servers serving 1000+ PCs.
PROFESSIONAL St Louis Community College Information Systems Advisory Board
ASSOCIATIONS Windsor C-1 School District Comprehensive School Improvement Planning Committee
EDUCATION University of Missouri, St Louis, MO
Certificate – Web Page Design & Interactive Web Page Design, 2002
St. Louis Community College, St. Louis, MO
A.A.S., Data Processing (Programming), 1991
A.A.S., Data Processing (System Analysis), 1991
Contact this candidate