CURRICULUM VITAE
E Mail –ad7f7v@r.postjobfree.com A.Lalith Kumar
Mobile –978-***-**** Office Admin
Objective
To work in a reputed organization that gives scope to use my knowledge and skill acquired, be a part of team working towards the growth and achieving objectives of the organization. Educational Qualifications:
SL
no
Education
Details Percentage Year of
Completion Name of Institution
1 SSLC 72% 2005
GRG Matriculation School
2 HSSLC 70% 2007
3 BCA 75% 2008
Dr NGP Arts and Science Affiliated to
Bharathiar University
Professional Experience:
SNG GROUP OF COMPANIES
Providing high quality medical products to hospitals and medical sector and ensuring quality health care infrastructure solutions for over 7 decades.
As an Admin and Purchase Officer from January 2021 to still now. Accura power systems
An ISO 9001 Company
Inventor manufacturing company with the brand name ACCURA POWER SYSTEMS Sitra Coimbatore 641014.
As an Office Administrator and Purchase Officer from November 2017 to December 2020. Saberwal Surgical Company Private Limited
One of the leading company which supplies medical equipments and surgical equipments to government sectors like TNMSC, DMS, ESI, NLC AND KSMSC and all major private hospitals.RS Puram Coimbatore.
As an Office Administrator from July 2014 toOctober 2017 RND Softech
A Private Limited provides medical, inventory transcription and business transcription services inventory & updated inventory reports.
Peelamedu Coimbatore.
As a Business Transcript Writer from September 2009 to2014. Computer Knowledge
Operating systems –Windows package
CC++
Java
Roles And Resonsiblites – SNG Group Of Companies
Oversee the entire purchasing process including creating purchase orders, negotiating with suppliers, and confirming delivery times.
Maintain accurate records of purchases, pricing, and other important data.
Review and analyze all vendors/suppliers, supply, and price options to make the most cost-effective purchasing decisions.
Develop plans for purchasing equipment, services, and supplies, and maintain inventory levels.
Ensure that the products and supplies are high quality and manage any deficiencies with vendors.
Establish and maintain relationships with suppliers and vendors to ensure favorable terms and reliable supply chains.
Monitor stock levels and place orders as needed, coordinating with various departments for supply needs.
Manage budgets and forecasts for purchasing while negotiating the best deals for pricing and supply contracts.
Prepare reports and updates as needed regarding purchasing and the status of orders.
Ensure compliance with the company’s policies and operational guidelines, and with all laws and regulations pertaining to purchasing and procurement.
Handle damaged goods or incorrect deliveries and resolve any related issues with suppliers.
Perform administrative and clerical tasks, such as data entry, preparing invoices, running reports, handling mail, and maintaining the purchasing filing system.
Strong negotiation and vendor management abilities
Excellent organizational and time management skills
Experience in preparing and processing purchase orders and invoices
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Commitment to ongoing professional development in the purchasing field Roles And Responsibilities – Accura Power Systems
Responsible for directing various purchasing function
Discussed about purchase orders required for production material
Preparing purchase order to the suppliers and regular follow ups of the material
Follow up with Suppliers for timely delivery of material
Preparing export invoicesthrough tally
Maintain good relationship with the suppliers
Responsible for the office administration work
Maintain management information systems.
Making payment cheques through tally software
Logistics tracking and collection of required material
Making follow-up calls to customers and suppliers whenever necessary Roles And Responsibilities - Saberwal Surgical
Preparing Quotations to All government orders
Maintains stock entry’s
Highly efficient in the use of MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Supervise and coordinate activities of staff
Handle large amounts of paper work and data
Provide accurate administration of all paperwork generated at office level
Administer salaries and workout leave entitlements
Processing supplier invoices and cheque requests as required.
Raising miscellaneous invoices.
Organizing and planning ahead.
Accurately filling in administrative records and relevant paperwork.
Contacting potential clients and existing clients.
Ability to work with minimum supervision.
Roles and Responsibilities – RND Softech
Converting Audio files into text format
Personal Details
Name : A. Lalith Kumar
Date of Birth : 16.10.1985
Father Name : T.Andrews
Religion : Christian – Roman Catholic
Address for Communication : 149, TELC Church Compound Venkatesha Colony
Near Pollachi Bus Stand
Pollachi - 642002
Permanent Address : 149, TELC Church Compound
Venkatesha Colony
Near Pollachi Bus Stand
Pollachi -642002
Nationality : Indian
Language Known : To Speak & Write – Tamil & English Contact Details : Mobile – 978-***-****
: Mail Id – ad7f7v@r.postjobfree.com
Deceleration:
I do hereby confirm that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge. Place: Coimbatore Yours Truly
Date: (A. Lalith Kumar)
Contact this candidate