RESUME
SALIM AHMED SIDDIQUI
E-mail : ad7li2@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile : +918********* (Whatsapp & Call)
+918********* (Call)
Dynamic Visionary Leader with 20 years plus of progressive and diversified experience in Oil and Gas industry. To accomplish every challenge and work smartly in a job that provides a well defined career growth path. To better enhance my potentials in the fields of Upstream Completions, Maintenance of tools used in Upstream Completions, Warehousing, Assembly Maintenance & Overhaul (AMO) Workshop activities, QAQC, SAP & Logistics in the Oil & Gas industry. Professional Qualifications & Credentials:
Mechanical Engineering (B.E) from Bangalore University, Bangalore, India 2001. Core Functional Competencies:
Completions Tool Assembly preparation in workshop: Wellbore clean out tools, Sliding sleeves
(SSDs), Chemical Injection mandrels (CIMs), Landing nipple, Gas Lift mandrels (GLMs), TRSSSVs
(Safety valves) for Cairn etc
Completion & Production Operations (Land Workover Rigs) Project Handling ( Vedanta- Cairn Energy, HOEC, RELIANCE, OIL INDIA, ONGC )
Drilling & completions Field Job execution (Hydraulic and Hydrostatic set Packers, Wellbore clean up
(WBCU), HPHT Packers, Horizontal Completions,fracking, Bridge plugs, Basic Liner Hanger, etc.)
AMO (Assembly maintenance & overhaul) Workshop activities as per SOPs, “ Doing it right the first time “, 6S and QMS Working environment. E procedures and MAPS tool updation on System server.
Warehouse Management (Receiving goods, Inbound and Outbound)
Preventive Maintenance of TRS (Tubular Running Services ) equipment’s, JAM ( Joint Analysis Make up), knowledge about premium and non premium thread connections,Handling tools, Power units and Power tongs .Knowledge of hydraulics .
Logistics Operations Handling (RIGS, Vessels, Port and Base) Baker Hughes India: Working as a Manager ESP -Base Operations from July 2024 till date in Barmer Rajasthan on an On Off Rotation of 21 /21 days .
Job profile includes delivering service quality everytime for all Baker hughes ESP equipments for rig activities, ensure all Preventive and scheduled maintenance, situational maintenance etc, look ahead/forecast planning, movement of material on to rig site and backload to baker Hughes base their servicing and maintenance as per standard SOPs.
Parker Wellbore ( formerly ITS, Loc: Barmer, Kakinada, Mumbai ): Working as a TRS Maintenance Supervisor in Guda / Barmer, Rajasthan from Nov 2022 till May 2024 on an On/off rotation of 2 months on/1 month off.
Job profile includes delivering service quality everytime for all parker wellbore TRS equipments for rig activities, ensure all Preventive and scheduled maintenance, situational maintenance etc, look ahead/forecast planning, movement of material on to rig site and backload to Parker Wellbore base their servicing and maintenance as per Parker SOPs.
GET Global, Saudi:
Worked as a DESC engineer from March 2022 till July 22 in Dammam, Saudi. Job profile includes providing oil field man power solutions to major Oil and Gas clients across Saudi
.Meeting more new clients for getting more business. Baker Hughes India: Base Operations from June 2008 till May 2020 as an employee and Aug 21 till Feb 22 as a consultant (Barmer, Kakinada and Taloja, Mumbai) Handling RIGS: Workover Rigs (KS drilling PPE3, PPE4), Quippo, DR6 etc) Drilling rigs ( Weatherford 806, 807)
Ensuring and Assisting the Field Engineers in workshop preparation of the Completion Assemblies
(Hydraulic & Mechanical) various Sizes (9-5/8”, 7”, 5” Float Shoes, Float collars),TRSSSV Safety Valves, Service packers,Completion Packers, LTSA’s, Anchor test packers, WBCU and TTI Bridge plug jobs.
Planning & execution of Day to Day workshop Activities. Discuss and delegate to engineers in daily morning TBT and ensure Baker E-procedures are followed.
Act as Company Representative /AMO manager, while on the well site and Base, ensuring “service quality” in accordance with the company's HS&E safety and environmental requirements.
Maintain customer relationships on a level to improve the communication lines and sustain existing relationships. Consult with Customers concerning products and services, promote good safe practices and work closely with the shop personnel.
Managing Operational, Administrative & Facility Management Support of Baker Hughes Barmer base.
Knowledge of the space out, assembly preparations, and service of Completion products, problem solving and interpersonal skills. Proficient in preparing End of well reports and QA/QC documents
(assembly / component inspection records) as per QMS.
Preparation, testing and field Job execution of Open hole and Cased Hole Completion equipment’s in workshop and customer locations ( Packers, Liner Hangers, HPHT, WBCU, Hydraulic setting tools).
Performing necessary functional, shear & pressure test involved in tools maintenance and other workshop activities.
Assembled and Dis Assembled 7 “ & 9 5/8” Well Bore Clean up equipment’s such as Casing Scrappers, Wellbore Filters, Magnets, Brush tools, BOP Jetting Sub etc.
Reviewing all aspects of QA/QC and Component Inspection sheets for all Saleable Assemblies & Rental tools. Implementing quality standards. Ensure all job related paper work like Job logs, QAQC sheets, Route Cards, torque charts, Pressure testing charts are updated on MAPS server as a job package.
Maintaining tracking sheet of all measuring equipment’s, drifts, P/T cell gauges & Torque m/c gauges are calibrated, and records maintained in proper files. Online MAPS system is updated. Keeping Inspection records, Load Test & MPI of tools, Tool Baskets, tool boxes etc.in Sensycam software.
Coordination and follow up with third party Workshop crew for tools repairs & modification as per AMO processes.
Assisting in the accurate, effective and timely picking of assets for load outs to meet both internal & external customers for the product line.
Franks International (Pipavav (Rajaula Base) Gujarat & KKD India: April 2007 till May 2008 Casing crew Engineer : RIGS: Rigs (CKR Jack up & DWF Drill ship )
Managing offshore assignment as CAM TECH, Tong Operation & Stabbing operations on CKR & DWF rigs.
Complete maintenance & troubleshooting of CAM Computers and its related software’s, casing, Tubing
& well completion tools.
Operating and running all range of power tong’s, Spider’s and Elevators for different type and sizes of Casing & Tubing, premium and non premium connections.
Supervising NDT inspection of Frank's equipment and carrying out maintenance and testing of all Casing/Tubing handling tools and running equipment’s. Assisting in the development of QHSE procedures.
Conduct pre-job discussions & seek ways to eliminate unsafe practices, conditions and taking measures to safeguard the environment.
Monitor KPIs to identify consolidation, cost saving opportunities, and optimize Logistics.
Develop best practices, and efficient working methods.
Work in conjunction with contractor to ensure the safety of all personnel, equipment and environment.
Ensures on-site understanding of project expectations and daily work plan as well as proper implementation of the Wells plan with communication tools such as pre-job, safety, and daily review.
Manage and coordinates all onshore activities.
Ability to work with all levels of management.
Weatherford : Trainee Engineer, Base Operations ( Wadala, Mumbai ) from Aug 2005 to March 2007
Ensured that all TRS Maintenance of Handling tools in warehouse & yard as per Company policies.
Worked for major Client - British Gas,performed assigned duties Including “Torqueing” up assemblies and all completion (Tubing and Casing) from 2 3/8” to 13 3/8” diameter used on Drilling rigs/Drill ships on special CAM (Coupling Application Machine)
Worked as “Pipe Supervisor “for all 4 1/2”,5 ”,7”,9 5/8”,13 3/8” Tubing’s and casings, Pressure testing all completion equipment’s from 5000 to 10000 PSI .
Executing torqueing up operation for all Completion equipment’s (Gas Lift mandrels GLM, CIM, TRSSV s, Mule Shoe, & CMU SSDs ).
Gained exposure and experience in TRS (Tubular running Services ) and Cam Machine Frontier Aban Drilling (I) Pvt. Ltd, Mumbai offshore, Trainee Engineer, March 2003 - March 2004.
Worked on Drill ship, “Frontier Ice” for client O.N.G.C Worked on rig floor for four hitches, learning about drilling processes offshore.
Worked in Engine room engaging in maintenance of heavy machinery, i.e., EMD engines, air and water cooled compressors, Ac and Dc generators, reciprocating pumps, Water makers COURSES & TRAINING ATTENDED
All online EAM oracle and in House Web based Parker wellbore trainings. Baker Hughes trainings related to AMO, HS&E, E procedures, MAPS (Maintenance and Performance Systems) .
On Job training in advanced AMO processes in Baker Hughes, Kuwait in Sept 2017 for two months.
SEA SURVIVAL courses like PST, PSSR, FPFF, EFA, HUET in Jan 2016 in Survival Systems, Mumbai.
One Week training on Client Customer business in Baker Hughes, Dubai in 2015.
NDT level I & II and Drill Stem Inspection Training at Baker Hughes, Mumbai in 2011.
Two months Quick Start Induction training in Singapore in Baker Hughes in Sept 2009.
1 Week training on Forum AMC torque m/c usage from Aberdeen instructor in Mumbai in Aug 2008.
Fifteen days training on Weatherford CAM (Coupling Application Machine) bucking unit in Abu Dhabi, U.A.E - Aug 2005.
Personal Details:
DATE OF BIRTH: APRIL 22, 1976 ■ GENDER: MALE ■ MARITAL STATUS: MARRIED.■ NATIONALITY: INDIAN Present & Permanent Address: Flat # 106, C5 Arihant Anshula CHS, Ghot vill, Taloja, phase 2, Navi Mumbai Pin: 410208
Passport Details:
Passport No. : Y5499084
Passport Date of Expiry : 24 -05-2033
Declaration: I hereby declare that the details furnished above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
Date : 10 th July 2024 SALIM SIDDIQUI
Contact this candidate