JEFFREY MONDI ** Beacon Hill Terrace, Shelton, CT. 06484 203-***-****
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

The Network Administrator of one of the top ten High Schools in the State of Connecticut. A consistent theme of passion for excellence and superior performance is visible throughout my professional career. One will find that as a spirited self-driven associate, I take ownership of my assignments, find creative means to augment resources and consistently outperform goal.

CAREER HISTORY

REG. #9 aka: JOEL BARLOW HIGH SCHOOL, Redding, CT - Network/Systems Administrator. 8/02 to Present

Reporting to Assistant Superintendent/Head of School, I supported a client user base of approximately 825 students and 150 staff. I oversee the implementer of hardware, and one of two for support and maintenance for in excess of 400 Macintosh & Dell workstations, laptops, Chromebooks, IPads, IPods and Dell and HP servers. Oversee adaptive technology implementation and support. Macintosh 10.12., Dell hosted MD3000i SANS for file serving, standalone & Hyper V, MS Windows 2019 – 2008, MS Active Director & Group Management, MS Win 10 - XP, MS SQL Server 2016 – 2008, Follett Destiny Library Resources Server, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Office for Macintosh, Carbon Black AV, Trend Micro AV server & client, Symantec Enterprise AV server & client, Symantec AV for Exchange, Datto Image Backup, Symantec Backup Exec (BE), Exchange Agent, SQL Agent, AOF Agents, Agent for Macintosh, Lifetouch Card ID, iBoss network filtering, Sonicwall filtering, HP ProCurve & Meraki/Cisco Switch Management, Implemented the migration of Apple, HP, Aruba & now Meraki/Cisco wireless, ongoing System implementation & Management, Super Amin. For Google Aps. for Education (GAFE) implementation & support.

Campus Supported Functions:

MS Active Directory Group Policy (AD) management & maintenance
Student account & folder creation & management for AD & GAFE
Migration/JBHS grades 9-12 Folder Creation and Management
Staff account & folder creation & support
retirement/deactivate/disable graduating of exiting Student & Staff Accounts and Folders
GAFE Email system management & support including
Support & management of all functional JBHS distribution lists & groups
Follett Destiny Library management system support
Campus printer deployment and management including Print server deployment and management
Summer preparation for new school year Software Maintenance and Support of all Dell Student & Staff workstations & laptops
Google console management of all accounts, folders, groups including Chromebooks
Primary troubleshoot/break/fix/triage/order parts/harvest parts for the repair of all out-of-warranty failed Dell workstations & laptops
Datto imaging management of instructional physical & virtual servers Symantec BE management & support
iBoss filter management
Support Pixellot Athletics broadcast system
Network Infrastructure & Systems life cycle management & cost-of-ownership/useful live management
Negotiate with vendors for repair credit, prepare for & ship retired systems
Arrange warranty replacement, prepare for shipment of network infrastructure equipment
Support, manage and repair campus wide Liebert Nfinity UPS systems
Support, manage & repair 44 campus HP network printers and various direct connect printers
Research, deployed & managed Nurses SNAP Heath Center Management system
Deployment & support of Cisco/Meraki Campus Wireless network Infrastructure
Research, acquire & repair out of warranty equipment

Tri-District Responsibilities and Functions:

Annual matriculation of K-8 Student accounts and folders including new students to district
Support, manage and maintain Tri-district shared systems including Trend-Micro Anti-Virus & Follett Library management

TRIPLE POINT TECHNOLOGY, Westport, CT- Assistant Network Administrator 1/01 to 8/02

Reporting to Network Administrator. Configured, implemented and supported Microsoft Windows 2000 Professional, Server and Advanced Server, NT 4.0, Microsoft Windows ‘98, Microsoft Office 2000 Professional, Microsoft Exchange 5.0/Outlook/public support folders, Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.0-6.0, MS SQL 6.5-2000, Veritas 8.0-8.6, SupportLogix 3.34-3.3.6, Projeca, StarTeam 4.0-5.1, Delphi 4.0-5.0, CAST 3.8, Sybase 11.9.2-12.0, AT&T Wordcom. Responsible for company wide support of client workstations and laptops. Configured, implemented and supported Westport and NYC backup strategy. Configured all new employee domain, Outlook, and personal accounts and directories including alternate recipients, folder permissions/rights, drive mappings and personal folders.

Achievements:
Established & implemented Veritas backup servers & strategies for Exchange, StarTeam & software development servers in Westport and NYC.
Configured, implemented & supported 100+ new client’s workstations and laptops software environments including changeover for Sales, Marketing, Software Development, Accounting, Management, Human Resources and Quality Assurance including software revisions, installing Microsoft software updates, and McAfeeASAP anti-virus protection for client & server systems.
Configured & supported Nortel Phone System.
Relocated 10 employees to NYC office and 70 employees to temporary facilities during corporate build out.
Assisted in configuration & implementation of 8 new Windows 2000 Server and Advanced Server software development servers.
Assisted in replication & implementation of new Exchange Server.
Configured & implemented minimum build servers for Westport, NYC, London and Houston
Assisted in relocation of all corporate servers, switches, & routers to new corporate computer center

TRANS-LUX CORPORATION, Norwalk, CT- Manager of Service Development 9/95 to 1/01

Solely responsible for identifying and assessing market and profit potential, devise and implementing business plan along with marketing and sales strategies for new sources of service revenue. Market service resources including national field service force and call-center resources for help desk, inventory, logistics, dispatching, and depot repair. Also, appraise business opportunities, devise and conduct all direct marketing activities, obtain appointments to meet with potential clients and move them through the sales cycle. Prepare proposals and secure support agreements. Research and secure supplemental training and resources for service personnel where required.

Achievements:
Secured agreements from industry competitors for outsourced field and depot support of their end users.
Secured agreement for installation and service outside of core business areas.
Fostered 650k+ of annual new revenues from areas of completely new service, installation and repair.
Solely planned and implemented Service Development’s trade show program.

HAYES-LIGON CORP (currently a division of ADP), Rockville, MD - New York Regional Sales Manager 6/93 to 9/95

Managed the promotion of a revolutionary customized service pricing program for New York and New Jersey new car dealership service departments. Functioned as regional corporate contact. Piloted program development and implementation with Mazda while securing franchise program participation. On special assignment for President and National Sales Manager, researched and developed telemarketing effort.

Achievements:
Performance leader for three consecutive months within the first 4 months of service.

UNVERSITY OF BRIDGEPORT GRADUATE STUDIES, Bridgeport, CT 6/91 to 6/93
SHELTON BOARD OF EDUCATION, Shelton, CT - SHS Business Department Intern Teacher, Adult Education
Graduate studies and Intern instruction leading toward a Master’s Degree in Education.

Achievements:
3.8 QPR with passage of CONNECT, CONCEPT and NTE certification testing for degree.

REYNOLDS & REYNOLDS, Dayton, OH - Sales Representative/Dealer Computer Services Div. 11/85 to 6/91

Promoted the sale of turnkey computer products and services to new car dealerships. Successfully developed 11 new accounts. Increased market share in training territory two percentage points from 31 to 33%. Successfully marketed new ERA product during early market introduction. Brought on new accounts in numerous occasions where competitive pricing was many tens of thousands of dollars less.

Achievements:
President Club 1986, first full year of employment.
300 Club 1986-1989.

DATA GENERAL CORPORATION, Westborough, MA - Marketing Specialist/Desktop Division 7/84 to 11/85

Responsible for presenting retail marketing programs that launched the world’s first laptop computer product and multi-user micro systems.
Processed retail dealership applications, coordinated monthly acceptance meeting which included sales administration, marketing and credit management. Coordinated the design, production, distribution and fulfillment process of promotional coupons related to the initiation of the Data General One laptop computer.

EDUCATION / PROFESSIONAL TRAINING

University of Bridgeport, Bridgeport Northeastern University, Boston MA
College of Professional Studies College of Business Administration
Masters of Science in Education Bachelor of Science, Business Administration
Other Training:
Aruba Mobility Bootcamp, Aruba Airwave Server, Aruba Advanced Troubleshooting, Implementing & Managing Microsoft Server Virtualization, Windows 2003 Network & Operating System Essentials, Windows 2000 Network & Operating System Essentials, Implementing Microsoft Windows 2000 Professional & Server, Xerox PSS 3, Dale Carnegie Sales Seminar, Creative Selling Strategies & Tactics, Account/Ability Sales Negotiating, Successful Telemarketing.
Contact this candidate