Resume last modified: **/**/****
Donald Centner
IT Systems Administrator
ad7pcs@r.postjobfree.com
571-***-****(C)
Location: 1100 New York Ave NW, Washington, DC

Work Experience

July 2023 – Present
Northramp
DFC IT Systems Administrator

Mange and configure Azure and O365 cloud domains for DFC.gov.
Assist with data compilation as required for audits and high-level senior reports.
Create and maintain the Service Now dashboard for the team.
Assisted development teams with configuration and management of Virtual Machines
Oversee Patch and security management of Azure, onsite Servers, and VM Hosts
Conducted user provisioning, access management, and group policies in Azure AD
Troubleshooting and resolving Azure Cloud related issues
Strong experience in managing Azure Cloud Active Directory, including user and group management, role-based access control, and multi-factor authentication.
Contribute to cross-functional teams by using effective communication and excellent interpersonal skills to collaborate effectively in problem solving by using a proactive approach to resolving issues.
Managed on-premises infrastructure, including servers, storage, and networking equipment.
Provided end-user support, troubleshooting hardware and software issues, and resolving technical problems.
Conducted regular system updates and patches to address security vulnerabilities and maintain system stability.
Assisted in the design and implementation of backup and disaster recovery strategies.

February 2023 – July 2023
SNAP Inc.
IT Systems Administrator
Mange and configure Azure and O365 cloud domains for SNAP Inc. internal and external clients including USDA NASS, FSIS and FS.
Assisted development teams with configuration and management of Virtual Machines
Oversee Patch and security management of Azure, onsite Servers, and VM Hosts
Conducted user provisioning, access management, and group policies in Azure AD
Troubleshooting and resolving Azure Cloud related issues
Strong experience in managing Azure Cloud Active Directory, including user and group management, role-based access control, and multi-factor authentication.
Provide Network Administration and maintenance of LAN network switches and routers.
Administer SonicWall VPN Firewall network device.
Conduct disaster recovery planning, backup and recovery solutions, and business continuity planning.
Contribute to cross-functional teams by using effective communication and excellent interpersonal skills to collaborate effectively in problem solving by using a proactive approach to resolving issues.
Managed and maintained on-premises infrastructure, including servers, storage, and networking equipment.
Provided end-user support, troubleshooting hardware and software issues, and resolving technical problems.
Conducted regular system updates and patches to address security vulnerabilities and maintain system stability.
Assisted in the design and implementation of backup and disaster recovery strategies.

January 2020 – October 2022
RICOH USA
Customer Care Support Engineer II
Managed VPN client host software installation and configuration for MSP Client’s.
Conducted vSphere management and maintenance of host servers and nodes.
Performed monthly Virus, Malware and Spyware risk assessment, remediation, and removal.
Administered regular Server and desktop patch management and implementation.
Ensured necessary Server software installation and management for RICOH internal infrastructure were done in a timely manner.
Part of Network Operations Team who ensured Networking/server break fixes were done as required.
Ran necessary diagnostics and support for iOS devices/computers.
I regularly performed Windows 7, 8, 10 and 11 repairs as required.
Responsible for MS Office 365 Suite 2010, 2013 and 2016 installation and configurations on new and existing systems.
Team Lead responsible for technical support and guidance to clients on IT services and best practices.
Maintained client portfolio management and incident handling of several large MSP companies.
Regularly created and maintained high level customer documentation as required.
Performed modifications and updates to Knowledge Base internal articles and documentation as required.
Awarded the 2020 Yearly Star Award for Excellence in performance and service.
Registered and completed “Emerging Leaders” program for IT Systems Manager.

January 2018 – January 2020
Mindshift Technologies
Desktop Support Tier II
Installed server patching and updated necessary software and hardware drivers.
Completed desktop software COTS (Common Off the Shelf) installation and management of post software configuration.
Configured and installed CISCO AnyConnect software client for iOS and Windows and completed post configuration.
Regularly performed Virus, Malware and Spyware monitoring, mitigation, and removal.
Ensured Windows OS 7, 8 and 10 kernel repairs were completed as required.
Performed MS Office Suite 2010, 2013 and 2016 installation and configurations as required.
Implemented high-level reviews and approved articles for internal Knowledge Base repository.
Maintained fluidity in documentation lifecycle as needed for ISO compliancy.
Assisted with the KB (Knowledge Base) team to review and revise customer facing documentation.

October 2016 – December 2017
Infostructures, Inc.
Desktop Support Specialist
Performed AD account creation and management within Active Directory Users and Computers Domain Host Controller.
Responsible for Group Policy management and maintenance per Microsoft best practices.
Installed required server patch management as necessary
Completed Desktop software installation and configured as per the requirements of the client.
Installed F5 Big IP VPN software and configuration on Windows and iOS devices.
Performed Laptop and Desktop host PC configuration and deployment setting up on location.
Assisted with Server Cable NOC (Network Operations Center) management and installation as required.
Conducted Virus, Malware and Spyware monitoring, mitigation, and removal from PC’s and Servers.
Performed vSphere VM management and maintenance as needed by the Network Operations Center.
Completed as requested Windows 7, 8 and 10 OS reimaging and repair as needed.
Configured Business class and home printer configurations
Performed Print server configuration and management for home and commercial printers.
Installed and configured MS Office Suite 2010, 2013 and 2016.
Performed customer On-Site Field Replacement of necessary hardware parts and software reinstallation.
Ensured Knowledge base articles reviewed, marked up and approved.

August 2016 – October 2016
Human Capital-World Bank Group
Support Specialist Tier II
Created tickets and managed trouble issues through Remedy 7.3
Assessed and performed Break/Fix problem solving for intermediate client issues.
Conducted network diagnostics for Cisco Any connect client as required and resolved issues as required.
Responsible for RSA token user management through the cloud management portal.
Performed database troubleshooting and remediation as required by the developer’s technical team.
Conducted single application support for custom in house applications as required.
Provided remote desktop troubleshooting through WebEx or Windows Remote Desktop
Performed MS Suite O365 product resolution and guidance as required
Administered regular Remedy 7.3 Queue Management assessment tasks.
Conducted Qualitative analysis of Remedy tickets to comply with SLAs as required.
Created and established guidelines for the new Qualitative Analysis Team in accordance with ISO requirements.
Reviewed and finalized SOP and BCP for the new team and implemented changes organization wide.

January 2016 – May 2016
Midtown Group LLC
AIR Support Technician Tier II

Performed Application Support for Secure Browser testing environment.
Conducted Break/Fix testing for issues in the software design and functionality through a custom Virtualized Environment.
Assisted Local Technicians in configuring and optimization of iOS, Chrome, Windows, and Linux operating systems.
Interfacing with clients on various functionality questions and concerns and resolved any questions that were asked.
Performed Case Management and collaboration of Tier 2 and 3 environments.
Conducted installation and configuring VMWare host desktop software on various OS environments.
Performed Sourcing and compiling Linux builds for testing in VMware virtual environments.
Reimaging Chromebook devices for Managed and unmanaged devices for deployment.
Conducted high level analysis of SQL database output for review of errors.
Configured and prepared local Chromebooks for live demo sessions with school districts.
Compiling necessary core operational documentation for live distribution as needed.
Created high-level muti-OS user documentation guides for distribution company wide.

July 2014 – January 2016
Systems Integration, Inc.
ACE Service Desk Technician Tier II
Conducted review and resolved errors in submittal of Manifests.
Performed analysis of AD Auditing Resolved Log in issues with client’s credentials.
Created, reviewed, and revised high-level documentation for internal and external distribution.
Performed troubleshooting on the client’s PC for compatibility issues with the ACE Portal
Assisted team with resolutions to incidents that were escalated to next level support as required.
Assisted new technicians as needed and performed training as required.

October 2010 – January 2012
QinetiQ-NA
Technology Service Desk Tier I
Configured and resolved Active Directory Users and Computers issues through the domain controller.
Performed account diagnostics and resolved RSA token issues
Analyzed and resolved Microsoft Outlook client desktop issues with desktop and web software.
Remediated any COTS software issues with commercial and in house applications on various OS’s.
Performed and analyzed issues and resolved hardware related issues.
Managed IronKey user devices users and passwords via cloud application.
Utilized RDP management and resolved any client issues remotely as required.
Configured and maintained printers/copiers remotely through Print Server login portal.
Manage RSA token devices and users via the web portal.
Created and maintained high level user documentation for the KMS Remedy database.
Appointed Quality Assurance Team members to ensure ticket quality and consistency via the SOP requirements.

Total Years of Work Experience: 12 Years and 2 Months

Education
Bachelor’s – Information Systems
ITT Technical Institute, Chantilly 2013
Associates – Computer Science
ITT Technical Institute, Chantilly 2010
Skills
Name
Last Used
Level
Years Used
Azure
Current
Intermediate
5
O365 Administrator
Current
Advanced
7
Network Administrator
Current
Advanced
5
CISCO
Current
Intermediate
6
Service Desk
Current
Advanced
8
Systems Administration
Current
Advanced
7
IT Security Administrator
Current
Intermediate
5
Virtual Private Networks (VPN
Current
Intermediate
5
Active Directory
Current
Advanced
10
Disaster Recovery/Backup
Current
Advanced
7
MS Office Software
Current
Advanced
10
Certifications
Contact this candidate