Sean Croce
410-***-**** ad7qkq@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
University of North Carolina Healthcare, Chapel Hill, 27513 HCS Systems Administrator March 2022-Present
Building, configuring, patching, upgrading, and troubleshooting of physical and virtual Windows servers (rack mounts and VM’s).
Utilize Service Now ticket management system to resolve incidents, requests, tasks.
Utilize VMware vSphere / ESXi 7.2, InfoBlox IPAM, Solar Winds monitoring the systems using Citrix Director / Studio to perform daily tasks managing / troubleshooting break / fix issues with servers as they arise. Also Monitor and administer the Citrix VDI environment.
Provide tier 2-3 customer service to end users, and other internal support groups for our 24/7 Data Centers across the State of NC.
Daily tasks include Systems administration, Install Window server builds, server patching, and Web certificates. Administer Patch schedule management, Windows server incidents, Inventory Management Install and physically decommission network cabling, server racks. Oracle Java remediation, G2 Technical coordination and SCCM. Acknowledge and assist with alerts related to Solar Winds. SFTP data management, SharePoint web management.
Monitor HVAC, UPS, Generators, and Fire and leak systems.
Familiar with ComVault as the backup system for disaster recovery and risk mitigation.
University of North Carolina Healthcare, Morrisville, NC 27560 HCS Senior Help Desk Support Specialist June 2017- February 2022
Provide intermediate or advanced level support to all callers of the ISD Service Desk using Epic EMR. Respond to general customer requests for assistance in installation, maintenance, and training of all products and services provided by ISD. Provide initial technical support and analysis to resolve problems/concerns and issues. Follows-up with requestors, ensuring customer satisfaction.
Responsible for resolving more complex issues, serving as a resource for other ISD Service Desk staff by prioritizing, documenting, and actively resolving customer issues, escalating reported incidents, and functioning as liaison with management and others to resolve issues. Supply adequate documentation for all requests, incidents and resolutions using ServiceNow.
Ensure that customers are updated on status of incident, for communicating the solution, and is satisfied with solution before closing ticket. Genesis Health Care, Inc. Kennett Square, PA 19348 Information Service Analyst IV (Part-Time) January 2014-Present Advance Resolution Team January 2014-Present
Document help desk tickets/resolutions in 24/7 call center with a first call resolution rate above 90% for an average of 900 calls per month by remote access to corporate users, center locations and remote customers using Bomgar, Dameware, SCCM, TeamViewer and Windows Remote Desktop to diagnose and resolve technical matters such as remote/VPN connectivity, printer diagnostics, configurations and installations, wireless internet troubleshooting, virus and malware removal and password resets. Technical support includes Windows 2008 Active Directory and hardware support for Apple iPods/iPhones/iPads, Google Android devices.
Contributed to the testing of a new self-service password reset utility that resulted in reduced call volume from more than 100,000 employees by 40%. Most recently contributed to testing the new Service Now ticketing system.
Developed training materials to educate in efficiency and accuracy with the call ticketing system and standardized the Avaya call center display for administering consistent service to our users for Peoplesoft, Microsoft Active Directory and Point Click Care (EMR).
LifeBridge Health, Baltimore, MD
I.S. Support Analyst February 2012-January 2014
I.S. Desktop Support Technician II January 2011-February 2012
Created service request tickets using BMC SDE version 10.2 software and additionally supported system administration using Windows 2003 Active Directory. Placing first level priority on urgent hospital functionality breakdowns and hospital break-fix equipment to provide a high standard of care and privacy to our patients.
Designed support initiatives to enhance work processes and improve service levels for the benefit of all our customers. Collaboratively worked with management regarding the status of special projects and outstanding work orders.
Installed, configured, and troubleshoot issues and provided end-user support with Phillips Xcelera PAC's system on the workstations and modalities (DXR, CT, MRI, & Nuclear Medicine computers), Novell Console One and Groupwise client versions 7.5.1 and 8.0.2, various Windows Network Operating Systems, AS/400mainframe, UNIX and off-site remote locations using remote access tools, Microsoft Office, and password resets, PC, peripherals, laptops, mobile devices, and printers for more than 10,000 internal and external employees.
Trained desktop support team members on support of HP hardware equipment.
Contributing member of the team assigned to testing the Cerner Ambulatory Care system, as well as the project team chosen to install and configure Cerner software upgrades and worked in tandem with the data center to redesign space dedicated to hospital and I.T equipment storage. Assisted the Emergency Department Director with a design to re-route cables and allow for increased workflow and Emergency Room efficiency.
Becton Dickinson, & Co.,
I.T. Desktop Support Specialist II, Durham, NC September 2009-October 2010 I.T. Help Desk and Desktop Support II, Sparks, MD May 2006-August 2009
Designed methods and processes that included a workflow diagram and database used across multiple sites/divisions to track equipment loaned out by the I.T. Department.
Conducted new hire orientation and ensured all newly hired employees and transfers had appropriate access to phones, voicemail, laptop and desktop equipment, and mobile devices, including Blackberry.
Created documentation for support and other personnel for TriPath applications.
Maintained corporate standards of compliance for all I.T. workstations.
Supported Lotus notes versions 6.5.1 and 8.0.2, various Windows Operating Systems, maintained reliability and uptime for corporate compliance of over 2,000 desktops and laptops. Used Windows 2003 Active Directory for system administration, troubleshoot and configured MS Office 2003, AS/400 mainframe and Nortel and Cisco VPN applications. Additionally supported network and local printers, Blackberry and PDA devices for TriPath users through hands-on troubleshooting.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, Business Admin., University of Baltimore, May 2009
Associate of Science, Business Admin., Harford Community College, May 2003 TECHNICAL CERTIFICATIONS & SKILLS
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP)
HP Certified (PC’s, & Printers)
Dell Certified (Servers, Desktops, and Peripherals)
CompTIA Certified (A+), Network +, Security +
Lean Manufacturing Six Sigma Green Belt
End-user support trained, Citrix and Juniper Network, Nortel and Avaya phone systems, Mobile Device Support, HP equipment support, Windows XP-10, Microsoft Office 2003- Office 365
Contact this candidate