Charles Eichelberger
Senior Systems Administrator

Phone:
805-***-**** cell
Address:
**** ******** ****
Ventura, CA 93001
Website:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/charleseichelberger
Email:
ad7s0z@r.postjobfree.com

Talented senior systems engineer with certification and over twenty-five years progressive technology experience. Experience includes: multi-platform environments (Windows, Linux), LANs/WANs, virtualization. Reputation for thinking outside the box, ability to quickly adapt to new technologies and commitment to customer service.

Skills

Azure, Office 365, Active Directory, Disaster Recovery, Virtualization, DNS, Windows, Storage Area Networks, Desktop Administration, Cisco Routers/Switches, System Deployment, SAN, VPN, Linux, Antivirus, Network Security, VoIP, Windows, Network Design,DNS, DHCP, Hyper-V, Meraki, Vsphere, Intune, 42 Gears, Veeam, Endpoint Central, Proofpoint,,Bitdefender

Experience

Mission Produce
September 2022 - July 2024
Systems Administrator I
Responsible for North American File/Print/Application servers (Azure and vmware).
Created and documented Disaster Recovery/BCP Documentation for on-premise servers.
Managed backups of on-premise servers via Veeam.
Managed Azure backups with Rubrik.
Managed Endpoint Central (patch management) - 1100+ endpoints.
Migrated production tablets from Sophos to 42 Gears allowing for better management and support.
Managed/Created Group Policy Objects
Work with Security and Network teams to identify critical services to be monitored and firewall rules written.
Manage on-premise camera servers. Update firmware and coordinated to have cameras, hard drives replaced.
Managed on-premise SAN (Nimble)
Worked with Network and Security teams on systems hardening

Kids and Families Together
January 2001 to March 2023
Senior Systems Engineer
Responsible for all aspects Kids & Families Together network.
Provide technical expertise on Office 365 services: Exchange Online, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft Azure, Multifactor Authentication, SSO
Manage user accounts and user licenses through the Office 365 admin center in the Microsoft cloud platform and Windows PowerShell cmdlets.
Provide technical expertise on Zoom.
Management of all servers, workstations, laptops (Desktop Central) and VOIP
Implemented and managed Help Desk System (ServiceDesk Plus)
Management of backups and disaster recovery (Veeam and Wasabi)
Migration and management or routers from Cisco to Meraki
Setup cluster for High Availability (Server 2019/22)
Implemented work from home plan so that when COVID shut down businesses, KFT was ready in two days.
Documentation of all work processes and procedures.

AuthorityIT
April 2015 to March 2023
Network and Systems Engineer (Managing Consultant)
Managed various businesses with desktop/server/router support.
Develop various complex IT networks, analyze associate products and networks and perform tests on same..
Coordinate with customers and prepare various strategies to design complex projects and perform troubleshoot on all complex networks and resolve same.
Analyze network and provide support to all establish programs, ensure efficient configuration of all voice network tools and prepare necessary documents for same.
Work with customers and provide support to all new technologies and provide support to all network architecture activities.
Perform troubleshoot and analyze various complex networks and provide appropriated resolutions to customers and provide status reports to all customers.
Perform all network installation effectively and prepare necessary documents to provide support to all personnel.
Maintain and update all technical knowledge for various network technologies.

Stability Technology Partners
September 2014 to December 2014
Network Technician
Rewrote disaster recovery/business continuity plans for Rabobank
Consolidated existing documentation from disparate sources.
Created template for new and existing documentation
Worked with application owners and technical contacts to validate procedures.
Documented results
Updated Sharepoint site with status and metrics.

County of Ventura
January 2011 to June 2012
Desktop Support Engineer
Direct management of workstations for the Fleet and Admin divisions.
Migrated GSA from ZENWorks 10 to Desktop Central allowing GSA to save an estimate $5,000 on licensing and apply 3rd party patches. Documentation of processes and methodology.
Workstation image development and troubleshooting allowing uniform OS loads.
Development of software packages deployed to workstations previously done via ZENWorks.
Leveraged County surplus to rebuild workstations for GSA, saving an estimated $10,000 in costs.
SQL Server Administration (Setup, Backup and ad-hoc queries).

Certifications

Certified Novell Engineer
October 2003
Novell

DesktopCentral Associate
October 2014
ManageEngine

Honors

Wood Badge
2010
Boy Scouts of America
Wood Badge is a Scouting leadership program and the related award for adult leaders in the program of Scout associations throughout the world. Wood Badge courses aim to make Scouters better leaders by teaching advanced leadership skills, and by creating a bond and commitment to the Scout movement.

Distinguished Commissioner
2006
Boy Scouts of America
The Distinguished Commissioner Service Award is the highest recognition that can be given to a commissioner who has consistently engaged in distinguished and exceptional commissioner service resulting in significant, positive impact to youth, units, and a district and/or council.

Silver Beaver
2007
Boy Scouts of America
To recognize registered Scouters of exceptional character who have provided distinguished service within a council.

Volunteering

Boy Scouts of America
01/86 to Present
Youth
Scouting has taught me citizenship and character. I have served in the BSA in positions ranging from an Assistant Scoutmaster to an Assistant Council Commissioner while honing my leadership skills.
Contact this candidate