Objective: Position with a technical team supporting mid to large networks.

Summary: With over 35 years’ experience in the digital electronics field, I have demonstrated an ability to identify and correct problems in today’s computer systems and networks. Enjoy the challenge of problem resolution in the modern IT environment. While traveling worldwide, have developed ability to plan and work independently. Expertise in remote access and remote administration of critical client systems. With many years working with the State Department and DoD, I understand the Federal Government’s policies and practices for secure systems.

Security Clearance: Department of Homeland Security, Public Trust.

Education/Certs: My Global Knowledge, Arlington, Virginia. (May 2013)
VMWARE VSPHERE Install, Configure, Manage [V5.1]
Completed 5-day classroom study.

New Horizons, Online course (April 2010)
5051A - Monitoring and Troubleshooting Microsoft Exchange Server 2007
Completed 5-day course.

My Global Knowledge, Arlington, Virginia (May 2012)
10325 Automating Administration with Windows PowerShell 2.0
Completed 5-day classroom study and labs.

CompTIA, Arlington, Virginia (March 2008)
Network+ CE certification (renewed Nov. 2023)

CompTIA, Arlington, Virginia (April 2007)
Security+ CE certification (renewed Nov 2023)

Microsoft Certification, Arlington, Virginia (Jan 2001)
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP)
Completed Study in Windows 2000 Server/Workstation

National Foreign Affairs Training Center, Annandale, Virginia (May 1997)
Certificate, Consular Orientation - PC-105)
Completed study in Foreign Service for consular officers.

Sun Microsystems Educational Services, Milpitas, California (Feb. 1992)
Certificate, Sun SPARC Server Administration
Completed 3-month course on Sun Microsystems hardware and OS administration.

Control Data Institute, Arlington, Virginia (June 1984)
Certificate, Electronics & Digital Circuits
Completed electronics hardware design course emphasizing digital circuits and computer systems.

Fort Hunt High School, Fairfax, Virginia (June 1982)
H.S. Diploma

Experience:
Kelly Services, Falls Church, Virginia (May 2023 to July 2023)
999 West Big Beaver Road Troy, Michigan 48084-4782
Systems Administrator
Monitor and maintain server pool, VMWare environment.
Enterprise IT policy and planning.
End user support application support.
Generated reports on elevated user access snd server capacity.
Business Integra, Alexandria, Virginia (Aug 2022 to October 2022)
6550 Rock Spring Dr #600, Bethesda, MD 20817
Systems Engineer
Monitor cameras in the US Embassy and Consulate offices Worldwide.
Artis, LLC, Herndon, Virginia (Nov 2021 to Jan 2022)
480 Spring Park Pl #1000, Herndon, VA 20170
Systems Administrator
Monitor and maintain the corporate portal and severs.
Build and rack servers in Data Center.
Patch servers to Microsoft and corporate standard.
Brought all Microsoft servers into CMMC compliance.
Create new data center for of network clients.
a)Created a method for clients to see data in real time.
b)Consolidated data and secured for future review.
Design patch schedule for off grid network.

Akimeka, LLC, Falls Church, Virginia (Aug 2019 to October 2021)
901 N. Lake Destiny Rd Suite 151. Maitland, FL 32751
Sr. Systems Administrator Tier 3
Maintain and support the Defense Health Agency web portal, TMDS.
Apply patches to Windows servers using Ivanti Patch for Windows software.
Monitor network and server health.
Build, configure and install servers in the Data Center.
Migrated SFTP server from password to certificate authentication.
Resolve customer issues with access and other issues.

Technica, LLC, Lockheed Martin, Inc., Arlington, Virginia (June 09 to August 2019)
1 Cool Blow St, Charleston, SC 29403
Sr. Systems Administrator
Manage/Support Large Air Force AFNCR network with over 400 servers and 12,000 users.
a)Monitored and guaranteed access to all server services in Data Center.
b)Ensured all servers where healthy and up to date.
c)Ensure unauthorized access was denied.
d)Insured temperature in Data Center did not exceed tolerances.
Provide Active Directory management. User, Group, Security Policy, Print devices.
Microsoft Exchange 2007 Support, mailbox creation, Organizational Mailboxes. BB Support.
Automated scripting, server and workstation patching, Security compliance w/ DoD
Enterprise Backups and disaster recovery utilizing CommVault and EMC AVAMAR Software tools.
Blackberry Enterprise server management.
Microsoft Office Communicator (OCS) server support.
Manage Microsoft Clustered file servers, SQL servers and IIS servers.
a)Handled failover and backups of cluster.
b)Inspected data on clustered servers for accuracy.
c)Maintained company IIS portal to data.
Symantec & McAfee Antivirus Enterprise management.
Support the Air force 844CG Communications and Medical groups at JBAB and JBA AFB, MD.
Support Helpdesk DSA’s and Military CSAs as needed.
Server health monitoring with Microsoft SCOM (System Center Operations Manager).
Patch management using MS SCCM (System Center Configuration Manager).
a)Tested patches as to impact on services.
b)Denied any update that effected system access.
c)Ensured compliance to DoD requirements.
Print server management with the new Windows 2008/2012 Print manager.
Server builds from OS load, DoD Security STIGS, Application install.
VMware virtualization servers.
DHCP IP subnet management.
Batch file, Visual Basic Script, and PowerShell, scripting experience
a)Automate tasked to remove human error.
b)Guaranteed success in required tasks.
c)Made life easy for me and my client.
Experience with Remedy Ticket systems and metrics.

Advanced System Development Inc, Arlington, Virginia (March 00 to February 09)
4401 Ford Ave #500, Alexandria, VA 22302
Remote Access Network Engineer
Provide the client secure remote access to sensitive data through public web access.
Implement encryption system for tracking, control, and integrity of secure devices.
Provide training and documentation to client on remote access principles and procedures.
Using remote software (Dameware), connected to client systems for remote help sessions.
a)A systems Administrator always had access 24/7.
b)Guaranteed client side required settings with client.
Managed VTC (Video-Tele-Conference) schedule, setup, and test for secure links for the DoD Joint Staff and Comptroller.
Provide network administration support including account creation, Access control, and tape backup. Document in a SoP, Statement of Purpose format.
Provide support to Tier I analysts for escalated client issues.

Sr. Systems Support Analyst
Provide configuration control and support to the DoD Comptroller at the Pentagon.
Experience using “REMEDY” call tracking systems.
Automate S/W installation using utilities such as Microsoft SMS, Symantec Ghost, Windows Group Policies and other custom designed programs to guarantee quality.

The Orkand Corporation, Falls Church, Virginia (May 97 to February 00)
Sr. Systems Trainer/Analyst
Assembly, installation, configuration, networking, troubleshooting, and testing of all hardware and software components of a worldwide State Department LAN, which includes NT servers and workstations running Oracle client/server products.
Provide database conversions from older legacy systems to an ORACLE based database
format. Consulted with State Department Officers to correct data integrity issues.
a)Ran scripts to convert many different databases to Oracle standard.
b)Corrected incorrect data and cleaned data for a successful migration.
Coordinate and conduct system administration and end-user training for Embassy staff, (ranging from 2 to 25 personnel), on Windows NT Administration, Microsoft Office, and Modernized Consular Affairs applications.
Worked with Database developers to implement client change requests (CCRs) by assisting in the design of the PowerBuilder interface and testing of modified application.
a)Helped to build an interface for Database managers to effectively test data changes.
b)Provided a method for data owners to update records.
Provide both on-site and remote user support following training.
Provide on-site support, and system and course evaluation after the training phase.
Perform Y2K upgrades and training.

Government Technology Services Inc., Chantilly, Virginia (August 88 to April 97)
Integration Engineer/Specialist
Responsible for ensuring orders are correctly integrated. Performed quality control checks on orders in sales order processing system. Acted as POC for sales to the service integration department. Assisted technicians in resolving hardware/software problems. 4 years.
Developed automated software distribution system using Visual Basic and Borland C++.
Technical Support Representative
Provided 24-hour hardware/software support to customers. Resolved compatibility issues involving CPU BIOS’s, hardware resource setting, and software conflicts. Applied troubleshooting skills to isolate hardware failures. Answered questions regarding operating systems and applications, including DOS 6.22, Windows 3.1, WFWG, Win95, NT 4.0/3.51also many applications including the MS Office suite. Gained experience in interacting with customers directly. Sharpened phone skills. 2 years.
Hardware Technician
Resolved failures in PC's and peripherals. Gained hands-on experience in identifying and correcting problems.
Acquired many hardware certifications from leading manufactures.

Stephen's Engineering Inc., Greenbelt, MD (July 87 to July 88)
Communications Equipment Analyst
Part of a customer support team responsible for repair and maintenance of computer equipment for the National Guard Bureau. Provided software/hardware support and systems administration training for UNIX based Intel 310/320 systems and DOS based PC's and compatibles. Also provided software development in CP/M, MS-DOS, SCO UNIX using applications such as Lotus 123, Dbase III+, Enable, WordPerfect, MultiMate, iDis and XENIX products.

E-Systems (melpar), Fairfax, VA (July 85 to July 87)
Metrologist/Technician
Duties included repairing and maintaining all digital and computer equipment in the plant. Initially performed integration of new systems to troubleshooting and correcting problems with online diagnostics and test equipment. Learned techniques for repairing circuit boards, aligning disk drive heads, and preventive maintenance.

The Computer Group, St. Louis, Missouri (September 84 to May 85)
Computer Technician
Independently performed repair and modifications to computer systems. Configured new systems and updated existing systems to latest company standards. Completed custom modifications prior to shipment.
Contact this candidate