VINSON NICHOLS

**** ******* ***** ******** *******, CO 80920 719-***-**** ad7ujg@r.postjobfree.com

INFORMATION SYSTEMS PROFESSIONAL

Database Administrator Database Engineer

Highly skilled, dedicated and impactful Information Systems professional leveraging over three decades of progressive Information Technology, Database Engineer Management and Database Administrator expertise with a global leader of technology and within the United States Army.

Thrive in a hands-on, high-support environment providing troubleshooting, problem-resolution, training, and user education that drives operational productivity, project execution, and security compliance. Entrusted to skillfully deliver exceptional customer management service remotely and on-site. 22 years of
work at home customer support.

NOTABLE SKILLS

Database Management
Systems Administration
Multi-tier Architecture
Communication Management
Customer Requirements / Support
Strategic Planning / Impact Analysis
Root Cause Examination
Networking LAN/Wi-Fi
Help Desk Support
Network Configuration Management
Hardware Configuration
Software Operating Systems
Backup Procedure Development
Analytical Thinking / Research
User Technical Support
User Training & Coaching
Emerging / Advanced Technologies
Emotional Intelligence

CAREER VAULT

SMORS Oracle Database Systems Administrator May 2020 to Jan 2024
Northrop Grumman Remotely Colorado Springs, CO

Implements and maintains smooth operation and physical design of databases. Conducts performance tuning of indexes and databases in general. Reviews database design and integration of systems. Provides disaster recovery recommendations. Provided backup recovery and makes recommendations regarding enhancements and/or improvements. Maintained security and integrity controls. Formulates policies, procedures, and standards relating to database management, and monitors transaction activity and utilization. Developed stored procedures and/or triggers. Maintained and supported sub-systems to ensure proper GoldESP application functionality and near zero downtime.

Key Contributions:

Constructed and maintained FTP connections between production servers and offsite applications.
Maintained database backups of GOLDesp Oracle databases.
Tested and verified backup by restoring and testing them on different server configurations.
Ensured that MILS/DLS messaging completed.
Supported user administration requirements for Linux work stations.
Setup and maintained VM environments.

SENIOR PRINCIPAL DATABASE ENGINEER OC-4 1998 to Oct 2019
Oracle Redwood Shores / Remotely: Colorado Springs, CO

Company Scope: American multinational computer technology corporation providing database software and technology, cloud engineered systems, and enterprise software products — known for its own brands of database management systems. Recognized as the 3rd largest software company by revenue in 2018.

Expert Senior Oracle Database Engineer: Delivered online, real-time database support and excellent customer service interface to clients in time sensitive, high demand operational environments. Identified problems, challenges, and issues on daily basis, developed creative/innovative solutions to provide resolutions to customers in a timely manner.

Planned, designed, installed, documented, implemented, monitored, secured, and supported complex Oracle database systems. Employed an in-depth understanding of computer software, database technologies, and programming, ensured that databases were operational and delivered valid and relevant data supporting the personnel and the business requirements of the organization.

Key Contributions:

Provided live remote connection to customer’s servers in order to review actions taken, and provide one-on-one, direct customer support. Performed advanced troubleshooting support to facilitate high availability for critical operational environments.
Skillfully resolved corruption issues using Oracle tools.
Collaborated directly with small teams to document problems and the solutions.
Worked with test server farms using UNIX software tools to create on-demand test servers.
Provided peer-review of technical documentation.
Integrated new products/software packages into systems, validated accuracy of data produced.
Trained staff members/new hires on how to access databases, how to optimize and decipher data, and how to troubleshoot common and systemic issues.

COMPUTER SKILLS TECHNICAL ACUMEN EQUIPMENT KNOWLEDGE

Expert: Oracle relational database architecture.
Expert: Oracle disaster planning and recovery.
Expert: SQL/PLQSL languages
Expert: Windows and Linux work stations
Advanced Linux server administration
Intermediate background with MySQL and NOSQL database
Intermediate knowledge over virtual environments such as VMware and Oracle Black Box.
Basic and advanced Linux scripting, installing, updating and patching Enterprise Linux systems
Using advanced proprietary and non-proprietary software tools - Oracle block editors
Enterprise class servers to include HPUX, SUN systems and Linux based server
Programming in C, C++, Java, Fortran, GNU C, List and Python
Multi software IDE's to read C, C++, Java and Python source code
Experienced with Real Application Cluster and clustered file systems
Oracle, DB2, Mysql
General Class Amateur Radio License KE0CQB

MILITARY VETERAN: Communications Manager / Technician

Completed Para troop training, Advanced Communication Training
Awarded: Meritorious Service Medal, Good conduct

EDUCATION CERTIFICATIONS TRAINING

Course work towards B.S. Degree in Information Systems University of Phoenix
BS course work for Information Systems and Database Systems Florida State University
AA in graphic design/Computer Aided design Johnson County Community
Graphic – Design and Programming College Texas Technical

Oracle Certified Professional version 8 with Oracle provided new feature classes including Oracle Server 18.1
Solaris System Administration 1
Oracle Internals
Cache Fusion
Oracle Internals Corruption
Oracle Advanced Internals Corruption
Oracle Replication
Real Application Cluster
RMAN Backup and Recovery
Advanced RMAN internal training
Security ++
Secret Clearance
GOLDesp Administration
Linux Administration

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Volunteer with small businesses, identify problems and educate business owners on databases and how to improve performance.
Contact this candidate