Eduardo Muniz
*** ****** ****** *****
Gables, Florida 33134
305-***-****
Professional Summary
Total of 39 plus years (Miami-Dade County only) in the information technology field, the 24 years as a Senior Network Administrator (Network Manager 2/ Senior System Administrator) supporting and administrating Windows Active Directory (Domain Services), Windows servers, DNS, DHCP, Backup/Restore DPM software, Exchange Server experience, and technical support. Team player with excellent communication and strong problem-solving skills with a good technical understanding of systems and procedures. Experience
Network Manager 2 / Senior Systems Administrator
Miami-Dade County Information Technology Department’s Domain Services November 2017 - Present
In November 2017, Miami-Dade County Information Technology Department consolidated all IT Professionals working for individual county departments such as WASD, DERM, Parks and Recreations, Elections, Mayor’s Office, Seaport, Property Appraiser, Tax Collector, Solid Waste, etc. Gathering them and now working for the Enterprise Division servicing all. Responsible for maintaining and working with the Active Directory environment. This includes adding, deleting, modifying all Miami-Dade County users along with their security access, distribution lists, and emails. This maintenance is done through a ticket system called REMEDY and NSD, which are submitted by any user having problems with their system. These tickets range from users transferring from one department to another, terminations, new user accounts, security access, distribution list, etc.
Electronic Messaging 365 cloud-based is handled by another group at the Enterprise level that assigns the proper license assignment to that user according with their respective department’s budget. Network Manager 2
Miami-Dade County Water and Sewer Department
August 1998 – November 2017
Performed advanced professional analytical and technical work with administrative responsibility participating in the development, implementation, and management of complex local and wide-area-networks for Miami-Dade Water and Sewer Department. Administered network operations along with another senior administrator for 2700 user workforce. This involves supporting and maintaining their electronic mail system and all the user accounts and their security access to data server shares. Using the Active Directory environment to update all user accounts and their security/distribution groups. This maintenance includes all Exchange 2003/2010 and Outlook issues users might encounter.
Provided desktop support to users by adding computers to the domain, configuring Exchange on the Outlook client, and handling various wireless network issues. Reserved IP addresses (DHCP server) as required on PCs/workstations/laptops for firewall pass-thru. Restore all misplaced/corrupted or deleted files and folders as requested by users through Data Protection Manager (DPM).
Systems Analyst / Programmer 2
Miami-Dade County Information Technology Department November 1988 – August 1998
Programmed on an IBM 3090-600 running MVS/ESA. Developed MVS Application Programs on TSO. Responsible for the analysis, redesign, programming, and implementation of the Fire Rescue System
(FRS). Responsible for the maintenance of all files, jobs, and programs comprising the system. Most application programs are written in COBOL, SAS, Batch IDMS COBOL, CICS, and IDMS online. Developed FoxPro 2.6 for Windows application to be used away from mainframe intervention. Programmer 1
Miami-Dade County Information Technology Department October 1984 – November 1988
Developed online application programs in Macro-11 Assembly language on a DEC PDP-11/70 running RSX-11M-Plus operating system. Responsible for programming, file maintenance, hardware installation, and implementation of the 911/CAD Police and Fire Communication System. I was part of the programming and technical support on-call rotation. Programmer Librarian
Miami-Dade County Information Technology Department April 1984 – October 1984
Programmed on an IBM 3084 running MVS/XA. Developed MVS application programs on TSO/CMS
(VM/SP). Basically, coded in COBOL and SAS for the Equipment Management System (EMS) and the Election System of Metropolitan Dade County.
Operations Analyst
Miami-Dade County Information Technology Department March 1983 – April 1984
Responsible for the migration of procs, jobs, and programs to production for the Change Management Department. The system used was an IBM 4341 running MVS operating system with TSO. Some Knowledge of JCL was required.
Skills
Manage Active Directory, Exchange Server 2003 and 2010, Windows Professional XP, NT, 7, 8,10,11 Server 2003, 2008 R2, 2012 R2, 2016, IDMS/IDD, JCL, SAS, C-Language, Basic, COBOL, FORTRAN, PL/1, IBM Assembler, DEC Macro-11 Assembler, TCP/IP Training
Microsoft Exchange Server 2003 and 2010, SAS Class, Macro-11 Assembler, IDMS Class, RBase Class, C-Programming, FoxPro 2.5 for Windows
Education
Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science from University of Miami, Class of 1982 Personal
Born June 28, 1960, Havana, Cuba, Married with 2 daughters
Contact this candidate