IT Management

Technically proficient IT Director with more than 15 years of experience managing varied levels of
projects with a proven record for workflow improvement.
With over 20 years of strong employment history providing provisioning, installation/configuration,
operations, and maintenance of systems hardware and software and related infrastructure.
10 years of IT budget management at varied levels.

IT Management: Managed various levels of IT teams on enterprise-level projects.
Budget Management: Managed IT budget for new purchases of IT infrastructure as well as purchases for business needs.
Diverse Communications: Ability to work with varied levels of staff. Provided presentations to upper management for systems upgrades and new purchases as well as reports on staffing and ticket management as well as the ability to work with shop employees, providing training on shop equipment and IT applications
Change Management: Implemented Change Management processes for monitoring and managing all system upgrades, changes, and updates.
Team Building: Monthly meetings with staff to review ongoing issues and improve processes.
IT Audits: Internal annual audits as well as working with external auditors for SOX, PCI and HIPAA
Documentation: Created and maintained documentation for IT user regulations, PC usage, new user onboarding, and user training.

Professional Experience
State of Florida, Department of Children and Families 6/23-6/24
Regional IT Manager (Hybrid supporting remote offices in the Suncoast region of Florida)
Managed the IT department for DCF’s Suncoast region (Circuits 6,9,13 and 20) consisting of an onsite Network team, Cloud engineer, Telecom engineer, and Desktop support technicians.
Managed the deployment and IT build-out for 7 new sites throughout the region
Worked with our state contractor and onsite Network team to upgrade and replace the network equipment in 80% of the locations in the region.
Worked with onsite server and desktop team to migrate divisions to cloud (Azure) storage
Managed the state vendor upgrade of the VOIP system and coordinated the work by the desktop team
Managed the desktop team through the reimage or deployment of new user hardware to upgrade to Windows 11 and also switch AV
Worked with several County Law Enforcement agencies to transfer the CPS department from County to State offices
Managed the switch over of Cell service providers for multiple offices across the region as well the upgrade of devices to 5g service
Managed helpdesk queue assignment for local support issues
Reported and maintained reports for local IT support issues for Sr Management
Sat on the agency’s review committee to analyze and review potential Infrastructure and System purchases and upgrades
Sat on the Change Control Review Board for approval of all IT changes across the State for the agency
Managed the approval and purchase of all IT purchases for all departments across the region
Worked with the desktop engineering team to review and approve state desktop image
Managed the IT department for DCF’s Suncoast region (Circuits 6,9,13 and 20) consisting of an onsite Network team, Cloud engineer, Telecom engineer, and Desktop support technicians.
Managed the deployment and IT build-out for 7 new sites throughout the region
Worked with our state contractor and onsite Network team to upgrade and replace the network equipment in 80% of the locations in the region.
Created and Implemented an IT roadmap for migrating onsite data storage to Cloud Infrastructure.
Managed the state vendor upgrade of the VOIP system and coordinated the work by the desktop team
Managed the desktop team through the reimage or deployment of new user hardware to upgrade to Windows 11 and also switch Anti-virus
Worked with several County Law Enforcement agencies to transfer the CPS department from County to State offices
Managed the switch over of Cell service providers for multiple offices across the region as well the upgrade of devices to 5g service
Managed helpdesk queue assignment for local support issues
Reported and maintained reports for local IT support issues for Sr Management
Sat on the agency’s review committee to analyze and review potential Infrastructure and System purchases and upgrades
Sat on the Change Control Review Board for approval of all IT changes across the State for the agency
Managed the approval and purchase of all IT purchases for all departments across the region
Worked with the desktop engineering team to review and approve state desktop image
Life Cycle Management of IT Hardware for users and sites within the region
Vendor management for all IT vendors in the region
Hiring and training for onsite IT staff for sites throughout the region
Managed Administration of local regional IT staff (reviews, staffing, payroll, etc.)
Main POC between IT and Regional Departments Heads

Life Cycle Management of IT Hardware for users and sites within the region
Vendor management for all IT vendors in the region
Hiring and training for onsite IT staff for sites throughout the region
Built and deployed temporary IT infrastructure for disaster benefit sites throughout the region
Main POC between IT and Regional Departments Heads

Merritt Hospitality 8/2016 – 6/2023
IT Manager (Hybrid Supporting sites in Tampa/ St Pete/ Orlando FL)
Manage the day-to-day operations of the IT dept.
Manage a team of In-house engineers, helpdesk, and external consultants and vendors.
Manage network infrastructure (SonicWALL, Cisco, Aruba)
Manage the corporate onsite VM-based Server Infrastructure.
Managed Hosted and Cloud-based systems.
O365 management
Implemented and managed Disaster Recovery for Critical Systems
Implemented and managed ERP system
Managed CRM system for group sales
Managed the redesign and deployment of Network and Wi-Fi for the entire conference meeting space
Managed the redesign and deployment of Network, Wi-Fi, and TV services for all sleeping room clusters.
Implemented the ability to make web-based reservations.
Implemented the ability to charge for enhanced Wi-Fi.
Managed the installation of new fiber across the entire property.
Managed the move of several in-house applications to Cloud-based.
Managed the upgrade of the entire resort’s credit card processing system.
Managed the installation of an upgraded in-room TV service across the resort.
Managed vendor contracts for all IT-related vendors
Manage vendor contracts for Printers, copiers, and fax machines.
Transitioned one property from an MSP to an internal IT department. Hired and trained staff for that site.
Managed the PMS and POS systems for the Resort, restaurants, and retail outlets.
Managed IT budget for local sites.
Created and managed policies for the appropriate use of IT resources
PCI annual recertification
Renegotiated and managed all IT vendor contracts reducing cost and implementing SLAs
Provide reports to ownership on various aspects of IT
Migrated and managed payroll system and multiple sites (ADP to UKG)

Vernis & Bowling P.A., 9/2015 - 3/2016
IT Engineer /Hardware Refresh Project (Onsite in Tampa and St. Petersburg)
Built out and deployed new servers and desktops as part of the company’s hardware refresh project
Manage the Windows-based server hardware for services such as File, Print, and applications.
Build out and deploy new server hardware to Miami data center and remote offices.
Manage system maintenance for servers based in remote offices
Manage IT inventory for all hardware
Manage IT inventory for software applications.
Manage cloud-based email service and spam filtering.
Manage and Mitigate enterprise Anti-virus systems and threats
Manage vendor-based VOIP phone system
Provide desktop support (remote and onsite) for all locations
Manage vendor contracts for Printers, copiers, and fax machines

Canam Steel Group, 10/2014 - 08/2015
US IT Manager/ System Administrator (onsite in Point of Rocks MD. with remote support across the US)
Manage the IT infrastructure for the locally maintained IT services and US-based offices.
Managed the Windows-based servers at all US offices for services such as File and print and applications.
Managed system maintenance for all servers based in the US (patching and updates)
Managed IT inventory for all hardware and software for the US offices.
Managed IT budget for the local Point of Rocks site and some remote offices.
IT purchasing for US offices
Managed US-based remote IT techs at US Plants
Implemented process for new user onboarding
Manage vendor contracts and maintenance for all copiers and printers for US locations.
Managed US mobile device contract.
Implemented and managed standard for mobile device management via Cisco Meraki.
Research and provide RFO (reason for outage) for any system-wide production outage (IT-related)
Day-to-day support for all users at the Point of Rocks location
Manage the backups for the local site (Tivoli Storage manager)
Built and maintained desktop standard image
Implemented process for standard image deployment on hardware.
Worked with various groups on hardware and software for the department’s needs.
Worked with onsite engineering team consulting on the IT requirements for Mercedes Benz Stadium.
Worked with various vendors on the maintenance of the IT part of shop equipment.
Worked with shop maintenance on the build-out, installation, and maintenance of shop production machinery.

Washington Commanders, Ashburn, VA 11/2010-10/2014
IT Manager/ System Administrator (Onsite in Ashburn VA with remote support in the DMV)
Managed the Ashburn, VA location IT department and performed system administration duties. Ensure that all IT and telecom needs are successfully met for the training facility, corporate departments, media, and various events open to the general public.
Managed Windows-based server infrastructure for Exchange 2003/2010 as well as AD, DHCP, DNS, file, print, and application servers.
Manage VMWare infrastructure (hardware, host, and clients)
Implement and maintain security for both PCI and HIPAA compliance
Plan and implement build-out of all new server implementations (physical and virtual).
Develop and implement security policies for email, virus, and spam filtering using tools such as Barracuda, McAfee ePO, MS Exchange Administrator 2010, and Enterprise email virus scanning.
Asset and lifecycle management for hardware inventory, software licensing, and telecommunication systems (Nortel, Cisco)
Managed MS server and workstation update deployments and patching via WSUS.
Build and maintain servers running SQL databases for application support
Provide 24/7 support and monitoring of all servers and manage server backup and DR environment.
Provide system administration and IT support at FedEx field to media and employees before and during major events.
Built, implemented, and maintained standard desktop images across the environment.
Managed the onsite and offsite backups for the organization
Managed a team of 6 IT Technicians between 4 sites.
Managed the deployment and administration of Salesforce
Managed the deployment and 3rd party vendor for CRM system
Implemented EPICOR ERP solution
Managed 3rd party vendor redesigning the IT infrastructure for fan experience at FedEx Field.
Managed contracted game day staff and vendors.
Implemented and process for new user onboarding
Worked with vendor for onsite housed servers (Ticketmaster)
Renegotiated and managed all IT vendor contracts.

American Capital Ltd, 11/2007-10/2010
Systems Engineer/Help Desk Manager (Hybrid in Bethesda MD)
Performed SA Engineer duties in a global environment for a Windows-based server infrastructure with a heavy emphasis on all aspects of MS Exchange.
Responsible for building new servers, server operations, uptime, migrations, and upgrades for Windows, Citrix, and ESX virtual server environments.
Build and maintain servers running SQL databases for application support
Developed, deployed, and managed email security policies for spam filtering, virus scanning, and archiving.
Manage the deployment, vendor contracts, and system administration for telecommunication services, including the Blackberry enterprise server, Avaya system, conference bridges, and wireless devices, including iPhone, Android and Blackberry devices
Project manager for external resources for vendors, asset suppliers, and external NOC. Managing the timelines, budgets, contracts, and SLA adherence for new purchases and maintenance/upgrades.
Liaison between the application group and network group to assist with the resolutions of application issues and provide Tier 3 support to the helpdesk
Ensure servers were current with firmware and Windows patching using a combination of Altiris, WSUS and managed remote offices using terminal services and RDP.
Worked with the acquisition team on the IT evaluation pre-acquisition and if needed as part of the upgrade of the IT environment.
Maintain security per SOX compliance.
Provide RFO (reason for outage) and mitigation plan to upper management for any system outage affecting the business.

LAN Solutions, 02/2007- 11/2007
NOC Manager / IT Engineer (onsite in McLean VA with remote support to clients)
Manage networks and IT assets for small to mid-sized companies both onsite and remotely. Engineer, install, and monitor all aspects of the client’s network infrastructure to include routers, switches, firewalls, servers, and user accounts.
Provide consultation and network management for new clients both onsite and remotely. Ensuring that clients meet current industry standards by designing and project-managing upgrade plans for both hardware and software.
Manage budget, procurement, and deployment for client installations
Manage onsite NOC staff
Dispatch and manage field engineers
Provide recommendations to customers for upgrades and purchases and work with vendors for procurement.
Provide reporting to customers for work provided and billing

Celtic Technologies 05/2004-12/2006
IT Manager/ System Administrator (onsite at Ft. Detrick, MD
Manage deployment and operations for Windows-based server farm and user accounts including budgeting, vendor/contract management, security policy enforcement, tier III support, and 24/7 monitoring.
Managed a team of network and helpdesk staff and provided technical reports to the Navy (both local and parent commands).
Adhered to and enforced DOD and DON standards and policies for Navy Medicines when engineering LAN/WAN devices, desktop imagining, user accounts, AD infrastructure permissions and group policies, and network security policies.
Manage all aspects of network security including Firewall, IDS, packet sniffers, and protocol analyzers.

Certifications: CCNA, MCSE, MCP, A+, Net+
Contact this candidate