David S. Rohling
**** ****** **.
Rohnert Park, CA 94928
ad8hz9@r.postjobfree.com
707-***-****

EDUCATION:
A.S. Degree in Computer Science, Santa Rosa Junior College, Santa Rosa, CA
Various Computer Science classes, including Programming, UNIX, Linux, and Web Development.

TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS:
Databases: Access, MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQL Server
Firewalls/Routers/Switches: Apple AirPort, Checkpoint, Cisco, Dell, Netgear, Palo Alto Networks, SonicWALL, 3COM (acquired by HP)
Languages: Applescript, Basic, HTML, JavaScript, Pascal, PHP, SQL, VBScript
Mail Servers:, Lotus Notes and Domino, Microsoft Exchange and Outlook, O365, Postfix, Sendmail
Mobile and Tablet: Android, Apple iOS (iPhone, iPad)
Operating Systems: DOS, Linux, CentOS, Red Hat, Fedora, SuSE, Ubuntu, Windows 10, Windows 11, Windows Server, MacOS, Mac OS X, OSX, Unix
Software: ArcServe, AutoTask, BackupExec, Barracuda, Basecamp, Big Brother, Bugzilla, Cacti, Cfengine, Citrix, ColdFusion, Confluence, Datto RMM, Dell DRAC, DocuSign, Dreamweaver, Druva InSync, FileZilla, Git, GlobalProtect, Google Docs (Apps) Suite, GoTo, GoToAssist, HP Systems Insight Manager, Illustrator, IPA, ISPConfig, IT Glue, Jenkins, Jira, KACE, Kickstart, KnowledgeTree, McAfee VirusScan, MediaWiki, Microsoft Operations Manager, Meraki Systems Manager, MRTG, Nagios, Netbackup, Office, Okta, OneLogin, Perforce, ProFTP, Photoshop, Puppet, QuickBooks, Remedy, Remote Desktop, Salesforce, Serena, SolarWinds, Splunk, Starleaf, SQL Server, Subversion, Symantec Endpoint Protection, Symantec Ghost, Symantec Norton AntiVirus, ServiceNow, Tivoli Storage Manager, Subversion, Teams, TeamViewer, Tomcat, Trend Micro OfficeScan, VirtualBox, Visual Studio, Visual SourceSafe, VMWare ESXi, VNC, WhatsUp Gold, Zabbix, Zendesk
Storage: EMC, Network Appliance (Netapp)
Technologies: AD (Active Directory), Amazon Seller Central, ASP, AWS, Azure, Bash, Blog, Build, CDN, Cron, DHCP, DMZ, DNS (Windows & BIND), Domain name registration (gTLD, ccTLD), EC2, FlexLM, FTP, Kickstart, KVM, LAMP, MFA, MSP, NIS, ODBC, RDP, RDS, Route53, S3, SCP, SFTP, Samba, SAML, SAS, SMS, SMTP, Softphone, SSH, SSL, SSO, SQL, SVN, TCP/IP, VPC, VPN, Wiki, Winbind, Wireless
Web Servers: Apache, Internet Information Server (IIS), Netscape

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Solmetric (acquired by Fluke Corporation), as a contractor with Akkodis, Sebastopol, CA - 2023 - 2024
Technical Support Engineer
Temporary contract, providing support for end users of solar test equipment hardware and software, including PV Analyzer I-V Curve Tracer and SunEye shade tools and accompanying software, as well as being the main IT support for the local office.

Portola Systems, Inc., as a contractor with Robert Half, Santa Rosa, CA (hybrid) - 2023
IT Support Engineer
Short-term temporary contract to fill-in for an employee on leave at a Managed Service Provider. On-site and remote support for city government client as well as other clients. Administering and supporting applications including Microsoft 365 and Active Directory user accounts and permisssions, networks, printers, and utilizing applications including Outlook, Teams, Autotask, IT Glue, Datto RMM, GoTo, Barracuda, Meraki Systems Manager, and others.

Thrasio, as a contractor with BigRio, (remote) - 2022
IT System Administrator
Systems administration on a temporary short-term contract for cloud based services (Okta, Zendesk, Amazon Seller Central, Citrix Workspace, Twilio, and more).

EcoFarm Holdings PBC Thrive-Society, Santa Rosa, CA (remote) - 2020 to 2021
IT Security Administrator
IT management and administration for cloud-based applications such as Google Workspace, Zoho Cloud and Saas applications, Rippling for onboarding, application configuration, and SSO, iBoss, ESET antivirus, Google Cloud Platform, Box, Indusface AppTrana Web Application Firewall, Slack, and Samsara for fleet management.

Enphase Energy, Inc., as a contractor with ClearPath, Petaluma, CA - 2019 to 2020
System Administrator
Supported Windows, Linux, Apple, Office 365, networking across all US domestic sites. Solely responsible for a support of the 4-building campus in Petaluma, including end user and lab hardware and software support. Tasked with everything from new employee orientation, new user builds and account creation, quoting, ordering, configuring, and shipping hardware and software, backups, laptop, desktop, tablet, and server hardware support, as well as cloud software support, managed through an IT Service Desk Jira project with AI based bot for customers.

American AgCredit., as a contractor with Kavaliro, Santa Rosa, CA – 2018 to 2019
Application Production Support Engineer
Supported in-house and custom applications as well as vendor supplied banking applications for the largest single provider of credit to American agriculture through the nationwide Farm Credit System. Participated in daily scrum meetings and worked directly with the development team and the end users to ensure that requirements are met in an Agile CI/CD environment. Managed ServiceNow ticket queue and Okta single sign-on client applications.

Kibo Software (formerly MarketLive), Petaluma, CA - 2015 to 2018
Senior Systems Administrator
Provisioned AWS EC2 instances in Amazon Web Services cloud, along with RDS, Route53, and S3.
Linux administration of AWS EC2 instances with Amazon AMI and Puppet in a Managed Services environment. Apache (httpd) and MySQL administration with RDS databases and Tomcat application server for a proprietary e-commerce application and hosting of customer websites, through a CDN.

Enphase Energy, Inc., Petaluma, CA - 2010 to 2015
Sr. Systems Administrator
Hired as the first systems administrator during a period of substantial growth, which included supporting multiple operating systems and hardware, networking devices including VPN, firewalls and switches.
Installed, configured and supported Windows and Linux servers, including Active Directory authentication for Linux servers via Samba and Winbind and managing DNS and DHCP for engineering labs.
Supported all departments including Engineering, Sales, Marketing, Manufacturing, and Customer Support.
Support for Apple MacBooks with latest versions of OS X and Active Directory Integration.
Google Apps enterprise support
Configured, installed, and updated Bugzilla and SVN installations.
Configured an SMTP relay server and clients with Postfix.
Configured Linux and WIndows SFTP servers and clients.
Backed up MySQL databases with mysqldump, Bash scripting, and CRON jobs.
Installed and configured a Red Hat installation server for network installation of servers.
Configured IP-based Avocent KVMs and APC PDUs for remote support.
Installed virtual machines (VMs) using VMWare ESXi and Virtualbox.
Supported remote users using VNC to run engineering applications remotely on Linux servers.
Managed FlexLM license servers.
Managed SSL certificate purchasing, renewals, and installations.
Managed domain name purchasing, renewals, and DNS records.
Assisted in designing new server room and managed outside vendors as the company moved into larger facilities and became a public company through an IPO.
Researched, selected, & managed vendors for network cabling.

Teknovus, Inc. (acquired by Broadcom), Petaluma, CA – 2006 to 2010
Sr. Unix Administrator
Installed, configured and supported Unix and Linux file and application servers
Architected and administered NIS directory service protocol to centralize user account and host information for the Engineering Linux environment.
Drafted documentation of all configurations and installations, as well as user-support documents, policies, procedures and customer audits for the IT department.
Responsible for 24/7 uptime and monitoring of 50 enterprise class Linux and Windows servers.
Configured, installed, and monitored layer 3 switches, including VLANS for corporate use worldwide.
Installed, configured and supported VPN devices and routers, deployed in worldwide locations for user remote access as well as encrypted site-to-site connectivity.
Designed and deployed a policy and configuration management system in collaboration with the using Cfengine and Kickstart for a consistent development environment.
Installed, configured and supported 32 and 64-bit Red Hat Linux workstations and servers, using Cfengine and Kickstart.
Installed and configured Solaris Unix workstations and servers.
Designed, configured, and supported BIND DNS and DHCP services.
Designed and configured a FlexLM license manager triad solution to provide a high-level uptime development environment.
Installed and configured Windows servers, laptops, and desktops, including Active Directory, Terminal Services, file sharing, and permissions.
Responsible for Linux and Windows administration and support, including scripting of various tasks to streamline administrative functions and automate system management.
Researched, selected, and deployed open source KnowledgeTree Document Management System to manage corporate documents, workflow, and collaboration.
Researched, selected, and deployed Confluence corporate Wiki software to allow for collaboration.
Participated in the interview, selection process, and management of new employees and contractors.
Developed and supported a remote access X Window solution using Linux remote access servers including GraphOn GoGlobal and Hummingbird Exceed onDemand.
Configured a secure internal SMTP relay to address engineering application needs.
Installed, configured and monitored Nagios and MRTG for network devices and links, to ensure the highest level of availability.
Configured and administered Perforce Software Configuration Management System.
Installed, configured and supported SQL databases, including import, export, and backup of data on MySQL and Microsoft SQL Server.
Responsible for backups of all systems via CA ARCServe and shell scripts.
Primary support contact for Shanghai branch office, also providing technical support to other worldwide locations including Mansfield, MA., Tokyo, Seoul, and San Jose, CA.
Administered and supported Microsoft Exchange e-mail servers, including end-user documentation and migration from a POP3 mail server to Exchange, and DNS management.
Responsible for administration of corporate website and FTP site, including DNS records and hosting.
Researched and advised selection of new technologies on both department and company-wide levels.
Installed Engineering department applications in the Linux environment.
Interviewed, selected, and supervised other department employees and vendors, as technical lead.

Medtronic Inc., as a contractor with Certified Employment, Santa Rosa, CA – 2005 to 2006
Systems Administrator, x86 Server Team
Responded to service requests using Mercury IT Governance software (Kintana).
Increased user disk space quotas using Veritas StorageCentral (now Storage Exec) and Microsoft Windows Disk Quotas.
Remote administration of Windows 2000 and Windows 2003 servers using Windows Terminal Services and Remote Desktop, as well as HP/Compaq Integrated Lights-Out (iLO) remote interface boards and VNC.
Backup and restore of user data with Veritas NetBackup and StorageTek tape libraries.
Creation and administration of permissions on folders using active directory and group policy.
Rack mount and cable HP/Compaq Proliant servers, and image using Symantec Ghost.

Fireman’s Fund Insurance, as a contractor with Kelly IT Services, Novato, CA – 2005
Spam Administrator
Served as the lead contact for the Spam Gateway support and maintenance group by providing end user / help desk support, and replied to end users' requests and questions.
Maintained customized rules for blocking and unblocking emails.
Reviewed emails with images and blocked words and released false positives to end-users.
Worked with Lotus Notes team to troubleshoot and resolve mail issues.
Reviewed, resolved, and updated, open tickets and opened appropriate tickets with spam infrastructure vendor MessageLabs.
Reviewed Whitelist and Blacklist requests, worked with Security group for approval, and updated appropriate list.
Worked with end-users to extract header information from the email and analyzed for spam related information.
Modified filter settings to meet the business, security, and policy requirements.

ABD Insurance and Financial Services, Inc., Petaluma, CA – 2004 to 2005
Systems Administrator
Individually responsible for entire support of North Bay branch office, including approximately 80 Windows 2000 Dell desktops and laptops.
Support and administration of Windows 2003, 2000 and NT HP and Dell servers running DHCP, DNS, and WINS services.
Backup and recovery support using ArcServe 2000 and DLT tape drives.
Configuration of new Windows 2000 Dell desktops and laptops.
Administration and support of RRAS and VPN servers and clients.
Support and administration of voicemail and phone system, including add/move/changes and physical punch-down of phone lines.
Installation, configuration and administration of BlackBerry devices and Palm PDAs.

Clover Stornetta Farms, Inc., Petaluma, CA – 2003 to 2004
Network Administrator
Researched, selected, and managed vendors during migration to VoIP Phone system.
Support and administration of Avaya IP Office VoIP phone system.
Upgraded entire network infrastructure, including migration to Windows 2000 desktops and Cisco routers and switches, and Check Point firewall / VPN appliances, including design and implementation of new WAN with Cisco routers.
Termination and certification of Cat5e ethernet drops with Fluke DSP-4300 Digital CableAnalyzers.
Installed, configured, and monitored MRTG and WhatsUp Gold to monitor entire network.
Desktop support and installation of 40 Windows 2000 IBM PCs and Windows 2000 IBM servers.
Installation and configuration of Nextel-enabled BlackBerry devices and Palm PDAs as well as Linux Sharp Zaurus PDAs.
System administration of Linux web servers and databases for Intranet and Internet sites.
Installed and administered Linux-based servers running DNS, DHCP, Apache, Samba and FTP, including installation on an IBM AS/400.

Nu-Designs Web Development, as an independent contractor, Santa Rosa, CA - 2002
PHP Programmer
Development and programming of database-intensive website, including e-commerce, and shopping cart capabilities in PHP and PostgreSQL.
Programmed scripts in PHP and BASH to access and manipulate and populate data within PostgreSQL databases.
Created and maintained various databases, tables, and data for various uses within the website, as well as administration uses for the customer.
Webmaster duties, including system administration of Linux web servers and databases.

Mahi Networks, Inc., Petaluma, CA – 2000 to 2001
Systems Administrator / Network Administrator
Installed & supported a network of over 300 customized Redhat Linux workstations.
Supported Sun Solaris workstations and servers.
Responsible for network support, including support, configuration and administration of Windows NT and 2000 Compaq desktops, laptops, and servers, during a period of substantial growth for the company.
Supported remote access applications, including NT RAS and Cisco VPN, as well as WAN to remote offices. Configured client-side VPN connections over DSL and dialup.
Supported SQL 2000 databases for Intranet/Extranet and Internal Applications.
Managed selection and transition of web hosting from shared hosting to managed servers at an industry leader, including all technical aspects and administrative negotiations.

Mattel Interactive (formerly Mindscape and Broderbund), Novato, CA - 1999 to 2000
Software Engineer – Web Applications
Participated in merging of two high-traffic web sites, using IIS, SQL Server, ASP, VBScript and Javascript (client and server-side) to create a high-traffic website, including interaction with industry leading CD-based software products.
Developed new features for website, including registration and forums sections, and implemented search capabilities with SQL Server Full-Text Indexing.
Created and maintained SQL 6.5 and SQL 7.0 databases and data.
Supported corporate web sites, and performed Webmaster duties, including interaction with corporate e-commerce site and support of Netscape & UNIX/Apache-based sites for Broderbund, Mindscape, and The Learning Company brands.

Tavolo, Inc., as a contractor with RHI Consulting, San Rafael, CA - 1999
Web Developer
Participated in development of an online shopping / e-commerce site, specializing in Specialty Foods, Gourmet Kitchenware, Recipes and Shopping.
Developed dynamic and static web pages using HTML, ColdFusion, and SQL Server.
Integrated structure and content changes on entire site to create a new brand, resulting in a name change from DigitalChef.com, and an eventual acquisition by Amazon.com.

Enterprise Events Group, Inc., San Rafael, CA – 1999
Information Systems Manager
Managed Information Systems and Web Development employees, and project timelines.
Developed and interfaced web sites to existing FileMaker Pro and SQL Server databases, for event registration, management and planning.
Installed, configured, and administered Microsoft Exchange Server 5.5, including Outlook Web Access.
Administration of entire corporate network, including Windows, Sun Solaris and Linux web servers, mail servers, and FTP servers, as well as phone and voicemail system.
Supported approximately 60 Windows 95 and Windows 98 Dell workstations.

Advanced Fibre Communications, Inc. (acquired by Tellabs), Petaluma, CA - 1996-1999
Engineering Information Systems Technician / Systems Administrator
Administration of corporate network, including Windows, Linux, and Sun Solaris servers.
Support of corporate LAN, including network infrastructure hardware and software.
Installation, configuration, and troubleshooting of Windows 95/98 and Windows NT Dell, HP, and Compaq workstations, as well as Windows NT Server, for the Advanced R&D and Engineering departments.
Responsible for the security and recovery of highly sensitive data. On-site support for Windows NT/9X/3.X, and MS-DOS based desktop and laptop PCs.
Configuration and support of dial-up networking, Remote Access Server, and various software tools (including configuration/migration of Microsoft Outlook and Exchange during company-wide migration from Lotus cc:mail).
Adds, moves and changes to phone system including voicemail administration and physical punchdown of phone lines.

Technical Service Engineer
Provided telephone and field technical support for a Next-Generation Digital Loop Carrier in a fast-paced, fast-growing telecom "startup" company atmosphere.
Maintained, supported, designed, and implemented Digital Loop Carrier equipment, providing POTS and other services throughout the company’s 5-building campus.
Maintained Technical Assistance Center during a period of substantial growth.
Interacted with all areas of corporation, including AR&D, Engineering, Manufacturing, Information Technologies, Corporate Management, and Finance.
Contact this candidate