Chad M. Wilson
Network Systems Engineer Systems Administrator Computer Tech
“Driving efficiencies within business operations and client organizations by leveraging technology solutions.” Accomplished IT Professional with exceptional understanding of computer systems,hardware,and software. Customer-focusedtechnologistwithdemonstratedabilitytolearnmoderntechnologyandresolvecomplexITchallenges in support of overall businessobjectives.Possesssuperiortechnicalaptitudeandstronganalyticalstrengths,criticalto addressing technical issues and communicating technology value to end-users.Highly skilled in implementing and administering network devices and providing high-level technical support to internal and external customers. Key Skills & Competencies
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
HCL TECH ROCHESTER, NY 2021-2024
Global company offering solutions in digital, engineering and cloud domains to various industries IT Support Specialist
● Tracked and resolved 95% of assigned IT support issues submitted reducing response time from 24 hours down to 3 hours.
● Delivered remote and on-site support for thirty-one retail stores minimizing network down-time for sales tools to positively impact business profitability.
● Installed and supported desktop, laptop workstations and software systems for 100+ on-site and remote users. TAGSOLUTIONS ALBANY, NY 2018-2020
Provider of IT consulting, management services, cyber security, ShoreTel/Mitel support and implementation, and IT outsourcing. Managed Services Engineer & Systems Administrator
● Completed 30 to 50 tickets daily by leveraging remote access to address customer concerns effectively and within a target time of less than 30 minutes.
● Communicated with customer and internal staff of 60+ clients to address issues surrounding managed services, IT operations, helpdesk services, break/fix services, and strategic planning.
● Assumed control and ownership of various client projects including environment upgrades, Microsoft Solutions, networking, and network security solutions, supported Senior Systems Engineers for strategic IT projects. Chad Wilson ad8h9e@r.postjobfree.com Page Two
IV4 FAIRPORT, NY 2017-2018
Information technology consulting firm, servicing business and government clients. Client Support Technician:
● Supported 200+ clients in usage and implementation of Microsoft solutions, networking solutions, network security solutions, and cloud services.
● Actively participated in various strategic client initiatives spanning technology refreshes, virtualization, Citrix troubleshooting, migrations, and asset management.
● Delivered service to assigned customer accounts including technical support and administration for various IT challenges involving system administration, backups, hardware, and end-users. SEAL& DESIGN CLARENCE, NY 2015-2016
Manufacturer of high-quality gaskets and seals.
System & Network Administrator
● Supported multiple offices in Western New York, Upstate New York, and Canada completing up to 30 IT tickets daily.
● Briefed stakeholders on network issues impacting system downtime and created a plan for upgrading the network system to reduce work stoppages.
● Delivered applicable support to assigned departments involving technical support and administration of IT environments.
SYSTEMSOFNY, INC. ROCHESTER, NY 2010-2015
Information technology consulting firm.
Managed Services Technician & Systems Administrator:
● Assigned to a high-profile client working on-site and engaged IT needs for rebuilding the server environment in collaboration with Senior Systems Engineer.
● Provided outsourced IT management across managed service, IT operations, and helpdesk for 30 clients supporting 1,200 nodes (200+ servers, 850 desktops, & 150 network devices).
● Monitored corporate calendar daily and assisted management with coordinating consultants, support engineers, and trainer schedules.
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY EXPERTISE
Active Directory Exchange Office 365 Hyper-V VMware LAN/WAN migrations Shipworks Exchange 2010 SharePoint Cloud Services Virtualization ShoreTel Mitel Helpdesk Services Gentec PC/Laptop Troubleshooting Windows XP/7/10/11 ERP Systems Mobile Devices Network Switches Firewall WAPs Lync 2010 Windows Servers
Contact this candidate