References available upon request
Mary Beth Hickey
**** ******** **. *.*.
Washington, D.C. 20016
ad8jr1@r.postjobfree.com
412-***-****
SUMMARY
A professional with 10+ years of programming, data analysis, teaching, research, visualization and data mining experience. I opened and closed the largest of its kind, federally funded research grant, overseeing 3 renewal periods. TECHNICAL SKILLS
SQL, Access, Teleform, Qualtrics, RedCap, Microsoft Office Suite, SPSS, PowerPoint, SharePoint, HTML, Cloud, Power BI, SAS, Java, VBA, Tableau, Python, R, Linux
EXPERIENCE
University of Pittsburgh Medical Center/ Western Psychiatric Institute and Clinic DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR (2023-11/2023)
Recruited from previous position to coordinate with multiple doctors, using multiple/ outdated databases, bringing all data current.
Implemented a system to track multiple health clinic visits by children, enabling tracking and counting of longitudinal visit data.
Updated legacy databases.
Intensive data mining.
Gathered forgotten data for multiple, large databases being used by doctors under 1 large research umbrella. DATABASE COORDINATOR (2022- 2023)
Verified and completed missing data for long-running epidemiologic study.
Learned basic SAS, Python and R statistical software products, after only using SPSS
Wrote SOP manuals for all scoring procedures and data tables used by multi-site researchers and Doctoral students.
Created data reports and graphs for demographic visualization.
Designed new and updated existing large RedCap questionnaires, using all design formats.
Updated backend SQL tables for incoming data.
Downloaded new data gathered through RedCap questionnaires. DATABASE MANAGER/ SYSTEMS ANALYST II/ SYSTEMS ANALYST 1/ SYSTEMS PROGRAMMER (2006- 2022) Created and maintained large databases for a NIMH funded research grant, through 3 renewal periods.
Trained and mentored research specialists, systems analysts and research assistants, 20+ individuals over time.
Created and updated data security on SQL data tables using audit and FK tables.
Wrote Access and SQL scoring codes and modules, increased and improved data integrity.
Maintain software products: SPSS, Teleform, Microsoft Access, Qualtrics and SQL.
Piloted conversion to paperless data collection using Web Data Express and SQL, data warehouses and additional firewalls.
Ran preliminary demographic statistical analysis, after running data checks for missing or erroneous values.
Fulfilled requests from new investigators, doctors and collaborators requesting analysis for publications.
Set and managed computer database permissions for 20+ employees, differentiating by job responsibility.
Co-authored over 300 scientific journal articles by supplying analyses to over 30 collaborators and several Principal Investigators.
Documented new procedures and regulations for the Project Coordinator, compiling SOP manuals
Overhauled NIMH semi-annual data submissions, following government regulations and formatting.
Produced preliminary tables for international genetic research paper (Halifax, CA) and mood disorder diagnoses comparison in the US and EU article (Holland).
Found correlations and patterns through post-hoc research/analysis for early machine learning tests.
Calculated annual intra-rater reliability, supplied percent-agreement before reportable reliability analysis.
Provided recruitment demographic breakdown to the NIMH, provided retention demographic breakdown to NIMH. RESEARCH PROJECT ASSISTANT (2003- 2006)
Database management and data processing.
Entered all data, managed databases and provided quality assurance, data integrity.
Designed and maintained tables, forms, reports, scoring arrays and modules using Microsoft Access and SQL.
Created scannable data collection forms using Teleform software.
Trained and assisted work-study students and research assistants using Teleform, Microsoft Access and SQL software products.
Scored and categorized raw data in preparation for statistical analysis. References available upon request
Provided necessary data for grant applications, grant renewals and publications.
Provided annual, government mandated demographic recruitment breakdowns
Wrote SQL randomization array, blocking on 2 (treatment options) with 4 categories (diagnoses). RESEARCH SPECIALIST (2001- 2003)
Designed scannable data collection forms for NIMH grants and local mental health clinic.
Designed and maintained Access tables and scannable forms to collect and organize data.
Eliminated data backlog and updated clinical information. EDUCATION
Wake Forest University, Bachelor of Arts., Psychology, Winston-Salem, NC Mentored by Director of Office of Academic Computing, UPMC University of Pittsburgh, College of General Studies, Various computer classes
Contact this candidate