WILLIAM DAVID SCOTT
ad8nto@r.postjobfree.com: • 678-***-****

Service Desk Manager - NA
Tosca · Apr 2020 - Present
Service Desk Manager in a hybrid environment. Delegate and monitor specific service desk responsibilities to team members to ensure that client inquiries are promptly attended to. Review all client complaints, rectify issues, and liaise with appropriate departments to handle complex issues in a bid to provide more effective solutions.
SKILLS
On-Premises Active Directory, Azure, Azure AD, Azure Endpoint Manager
Office 365, SharePoint and Teams administrator
ServiceDesk\ManageEngine Desktop 10 administration, asset management
Dynamics 365, Procurement, and Invoicing
Intune Auto Pilot Deployment and Package building
Reporting of KPI’s, SLA’s and trends.
Application License Purchase, Support and Administration

IT Support\Migration Specialist
Verint · Jul 2019 - Jan 2020

Upgrade Operating Systems and migrate user data from Win7 to Win10 for EOL
project. Image and replace various laptops and desktops..

Skills
Active Directory Services
SCCM Software Center
Druva Backup and Recovery
ServiceNow Ticket management and incident escalation.
Windows and MAC support

Senior System Administrator
BeavEx Inc. · Jul 2017 - Jul 2019

Tier III, 24\7 as well as on-call support per request from various locations throughout the US. Install and configure systems that support Beavex infrastructure and Asset Management applications.

Skills
EDI support and Administration
CXT Logistics and Routing
Active Directory Services, ADAudit Plus, and Active Directory Admin Center
Hyper-V, XenCenter v6.5 and Virtual Machine Manager
Tier 1 Network Support (VELO, SD-WAN, routers and switches)
Imaging, deployment, and Asset management
Dynamics GP

Technical Server Consultant
Hewlett Packard Enterprise · Feb 2017 - Jul 2017

Member of Mission Critical team providing Level I & II support and troubleshooting for HP Enterprise Services customers Server environment which includes hardware break fix support on all HPE ProLiant rack (DL), tower (ML) and BladeSystem solutions. Troubleshooting server hardware and diagnosing issues using HPE system tools such as HP OneView, as well as on-system management tools used to prepare a ProLiant system for deployment such as iLO, and Intelligent Provisioning.

Skills
HPE server support for all HPE Server platforms.
Windows Server 2003 – 2012 R2,
Red Hat, Linux and VMWare ESXi hosts.
Salesforce Ticket management, part ordering and onsite CE deployment

Systems Administrator
APL Logistics · Sep 2014 - Dec 2016

Front-line support for all WAN/LAN connectivity including but not limited to, Desktop\laptop hardware support, iPhone support, Server Support and maintenance, switching equipment, Wi-Fi infrastructure, cabling infrastructure, Audio Video infrastructure, and daily user support for all sites located in the GA, DC and NJ area. Managing and supporting implementation projects falling under the scope of the region for Liner and Logistics.

Skills
LAN\WAN Support and troubleshooting.
Lansweeper, Wireshark and Angry IPScanner.
ServiceNow ticketing and change management
SAP Finance and SAP CRM.
24/7 On-call support responsibilities.

IT Support Supervisor
NYK Logistics and Mega Carrier - Nov 2004 - Aug 2014

Manage and Support all IT functions in various locations including NJ, East Canada, Jacksonville, Houston, Boise, Cordova and Chicago.

Sklills
Remedy and HP Service Desk.
Server maintenance, patches and upgrades.
BrightStore Arc Serve Backup
Lotus Notes Administrator Domino Admin 6.5
CITIRX user administration and support in
XenApp 6.5 environment using in house interface OSCAR.
SmartFilter v4.0

Tech Services Supervisor
BEST BUY RETAILER - Sept 2001 – Oct 2005

Scheduling, staff training, and overall department management
Customer support, training, and problem resolution
MAC and Windows PCs
Computer Sales Specialist in Smyrna, Ga location. 11/12 - 11/13

CORE COMPETENCIES
Excellent Communication and Interpersonal Skills
Ability to Manage Multiple projects.
Analytical Thinking
Excellent Client Service
Continuous Education
Fostering Teamwork
Emotional Intelligence
Processes Definition & Improvement
Personal Credibility and Ethics
Contact this candidate