Dmitry Bogoliubov
System administrator
Experienced System Administrator with a proven track record of managing networks, troubleshooting technical issues, and implementing security protocols. Skilled in optimizing system performance and providing excellent IT support. Contact Information
Email:
ad8now@r.postjobfree.com
Address:
USA, 33 Niagara Dr. Mahwah NJ 07430
Phone: (201-***-**-**
Languages:
English
Russian
Hebrew
Ukrainian
Military/Police Service:
1997 – 2000
IDF, Field Intelligence, Battalion 414
Combat Intelligence Gatherer, discharged
with the rank of Staff Sergeant.
2000 – 2020
Israel Defense Forces reservist.
Israeli Home Front Service Unit 397.
Discharged with the rank of First Sergeant.
Head of the Quick Response Team at
Nahariya Police Station from October 07,
2023 to August 28, 2024.
Experience
USA, 210 Sixth Ave. Suite 3100 Pittsburgh, PA. 15222 June 2024 – present (Complete Remotely – Part time) System administrator, Cyber Security Manager
EnSight+
Responsibilities:
CrowdStrike Falcon administration
Support vulnerability remediation
Setup and using Armor Anywhere defense application Setup and using End point protection: Sentinel ONE, ESET Smart Security Setup and using Octopus
Setup and knowledge Jira
Installation and configuration of hardware and software Troubleshooting and resolving technical issues
Israel, Tirat ha-Carmel
Jan 2018 – Aug 2024
System administrator
MedaTech System
Field System Engineer (Outsourcing)
Providing system services to the company's customers
(NOVOCURE, ICR, STOREDOT, etc.) at all levels, from infrastructure and servers to end users.
Responsibilities:
Support vulnerability remediation
Setup and using Armor Anywhere defense application Setup and using End point protection: Sentinel ONE, ESET Smart Security Setup and using Octopus
Knowledge of setup AWS
Setup and knowledge Jira
Setup GitHub
Support and troubleshooting Azure
Installation and configuration of hardware and software Troubleshooting and resolving technical issues
Providing user support and training
Maintaining and updating system documentation
Working with other IT professionals to ensure the smooth operation of the company's systems
Education
Israel
2004 - 2005
Security and Counter-
Terrorism
Counter-Terrorism School,
Ta'ash, Nahal Soreq
Israel
2006 - 2008
Computer/Server
Maintenance Technician and
Communication Networks
Professional Training College –
Ashkelon
Israel
2008 – 2012
Business Administration
(B.A)
Carmel Academic Center
Haifa, Israel
Skills:
1. Network management
2. Server administration
3. Troubleshooting
4. Systems security
5. Software updates
Israel, Shlomi
2017-2018
IT Manager
Fresh and smooth2
Led IT department in implementing technology solutions, increasing efficiency and productivity.
Managed IT projects from conception to completion, ensuring timely delivery and budget adherence.
Oversaw network security measures, reducing risks and ensuring compliance with data protection laws.
Coordinated IT team to provide user support, troubleshooting, and training for software applications. Tari ve Halak 2 (Yaska Group)
- IT Manager at Tari ve halak 2 food factory.
Within my role: Providing service to factory users (about 50 users) and the group (about 250 users). Working with Microsoft virtual servers in Veeam environment, Priority servers, terminals. Replacing the infrastructure with a new infrastructure (Optic) at the Tari ve Halak 2 plant
Haifa, Israel
2016 – 2017
CTO
Net-Yard Ltd
IP-based communication systems, SCHRACK server-based nurse call systems, including a variety of network equipment, such as switches, panels, communication cabinets. Control servers and cameras - INTELLIO, ISONAS, GATEKEPPER. Within the role, I managed new and existing projects from the planning stages to their delivery to the customer. Rosh ha-Ayin, Israel
2012 - 2017
Head of RMA department
E&M Computing Group
Head of RMA department, Linux systems integration (Red Hat, CentOS, Ubuntu
(for Check Point servers,
Front-end support for the internal corporate network (Windows XP - Windows 10). Integration of Life Person communication cabinets, Integration of Cisco equipment into Elbit systems, Integration of Verint, QNas, Applied Materials servers based on HP, Dell, IBM equipment.
Kiryat Gat, Israel
2010 – 2012
Maintenance Service
Applied Material/Quantum Clean
Manufacturing, installation, and maintenance of machines for the production of electronic chips. The position included: (Intel Fab 28), Dry Etch (Hitachi tools), Maintenance of Hitachi Tools Machines - Working under the Fab engineering team, responsible for providing technical and mechanical solutions for the Fab's production tools.
Petah Tiqva, Israel
2008 - 2010
Technical Support: Tier 1\2, Premium Service
Representative
Bezeq International
Providing telephone solutions to network problems for private and business customers. Installation and management of printing equipment and WAN problems. Provided personalized technical support for premium customers, delivering exceptional service and solutions.
Resolved complex technical issues with precision and efficiency, achieving high customer satisfaction rates.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to develop and implement innovative technical solutions.
Conducted in-depth troubleshooting to diagnose and resolve challenging technical issues promptly.
Jerusalem, Israel
2007 - 2008
Machine Operator
Medinol
Operated various machines to produce high-quality products while meeting deadlines.
Set up machines, monitored process, and performed routine maintenance to ensure efficiency.
Maintained accurate records of production, quality control, and machine operation. Responsible for stent production and SINOVA machine operator (MS)
(including machine programming).
Jerusalem, Israel
2004 - 2007
Security Guard, Security Team Leader
Jerusalem Public Transportation Security
Prevention of terrorist incidents throughout Jerusalem in public transportation
Managed security team during events, ensuring safety of guests and staff. Conducted regular patrols to deter potential security threats and maintain order.
Jerusalem, Israel
2000 - 2004
Personal Security Guard
Civil Intelligence
Security of government public figures (Ministers)
Trained in defensive tactics, surveillance, and emergency response protocols
Conducted thorough security assessments to identify potential risks and create mitigation strategies
Collaborated with security team to ensure comprehensive protection measures were implemented at all times
Contact this candidate