Jacobo Freireich
Resume
***** ******* ** ****** ** 20706
301-***-****
Education
ITT Technical Institute
Bachelor of Applied Science, Automated Manufacturing Technology Hardware/Software
UNIX Systems: RedHat Enterprise 6, 7, LINUX, Ubuntu, Centos, Scientific Linux, SUSE, Gentoo, Debian, and most of the common Linux distributions, Vmware, Vsphere, HP-UX, SOLARIS, SunOS 8, 9, 10, Windows 7, windows 10, Windows 11, Windows 2019 server edition, Shell scripting using bash, korn, perl, VEEAM master, media servers and clients, knowledge of the GNU tools, MYSQL, SAMBA, Matlab. Network + Certificate, Big Fix, Nutanix, Vcenter applications, ntp, mrtg, snmp and other tools such as ethtool, netstat, ip, nslookup, and whois, and diagnostic tools such as ping, traceroute, nuttcp, and tcpdump. Knowledge of clonezilla to clone systems and backups. Experience
November 2019 Systems Administrator KBR/WYLE - Greenbelt, MD To May 2022 NASA Fermi satellite project
• Installed and configured RedHat Enterprise 7 Linux on several Dell servers to client's specifications
• Used Vmware /Vsphere to log in to 35 virtual Servers an configured new machines
• Managed Dell servers and blades using RedHat Enterprise Linux 7, Windows 7 and Windows 10 Workstations /Servers
• Used Clonezilla and other tools to clone systems and make backups.
• Modified Firewall on Linux servers using iptables
• Implemented updates and security patches on RedHat 7 Servers.
• Installed web servers according to client's specifications.
• Documentation of hardware / software inventory.
• Updated Firmware on Cisco / Juniper Switches.
• Performed daily monitoring of Linux and Windows Servers ( hardware and Software ).
• Helped users resolve computing problems and troubleshooting. November 2016 Systems Administrator KBR/WYLE - Greenbelt, MD to November 2019 NASA GPM satellite project
• Installed and configured RedHat Enterprise 7 Linux on several Dell servers to client's specifications
• Created documentation and procedures for server installation and configuration.
• Shell scripting.
• Maintained VEEAM master, media servers and clients
• Implemented backup policies for full and incremental backups, disk to disk with deduplication and disk to tape.
• Managed Dell servers and blades using RedHat Enterprise Linux 7
• Modified Firewall on Linux servers using iptables
• Implemented updates and security patches on RedHat 7 Servers.
• Installed web servers according to client's specifications.
• Documentation of hardware / software inventory.
• Updated Firmware on Cisco / Juniper Switches.
• Performed daily monitoring of Linux Servers ( hardware and Software ). Resume of Jacobo Freireich Page 2 of 7
November 2016 Systems AdministratorThe Hulse group - Greenbelt, MD to November 2017 NASA GPM satellite project
• Installed and configured RedHat Enterprise 7 Linux on several Dell servers to client's specifications
• Created documentation and procedures for server installation and configuration.
• Shell scripting.• Maintained VEEAM master, media servers and clients
• Implemented backup policies for full and incremental backups, disk to disk with deduplication and disk to tape.
• Managed Dell servers and blades using RedHat Enterprise Linux 7
• Modified Firewall on Linux servers using iptables
• Implemented updates and security patches on RedHat 7 Servers.
• Documentation of hardware / software inventory.
• Updated Firmware on Cisco / Juniper Switches.
• Performed daily monitoring of Linux Servers ( hardware and Software ). May 2010 CNT/Armed Forces Health Surveillance Center to September 2016 Systems Administrator - CNT (09/2014 – 09/2016) Systems Administrator – Henry Jackson Foundation (04/2012 – 09/2014)
Installed and configured RedHat Enterprise 5 Linux on several Dell servers per client’s specifications
Created documentation and procedures for server installation and configuration.
Implemented tftp server to automate Linux installations and kickstart.
Developed Shell scripts.
Maintained Netbackup 7 master, media servers and clients.
Implemented backup policies for full and incremental backups, disk to disk and disk to tape using Storage lifecycle policies.
Managed Dell servers and blades using RedHat Enterprise Linux.
Created Firewall on Linux servers using iptables.
Performed full and incremental backups using Veritas Netbackup software.
Implemented updates and security patches on RedHat ES 5 Servers.
Installed web servers according to client’s specifications.
Implemented secure FTP (sftp) servers.
Documented and implemented procedures to minimize downtime during maintenance.
Managed and monitored EVA 8000 and EMC CX4 SAN and allocated LUN’s to Linux servers.
Documented hardware and software inventory.
Updated Firmware for IDRAC on Dell Servers.
Updated Firmware on Cisco Switches.
Installed and configured JBoss Servers.
Implemented SCAP on Linux servers.
Installed HBSS on Linux Servers.
Implemented SCC scanning on Linux Servers.
Performed daily monitoring of Linux Servers including hardware and software.
Created SCAP / STIG scripts to fix Linux security vulnerabilities and POAM’s. Systems Engineer – Northop Grumman (05/2010 – 04/2012)
Installed and configured RedHat Enterprise 5 Linux on several Dell servers to client’s specifications.
Created documentation and procedures for server installation and configuration.
Implemented tftp server to automate Linux installations and kickstart.
Developed Shell scripts.
Installed and configured Netbackup backup 7 master, media servers and clients.
Implemented backup policies for full and incremental backups, disk to disk and disk to tape using Storage lifecycle policies.
Configured IDRAC ports on Dell servers for remote maintenance.
Managed Dell servers and blades using RedHat Enterprise Linux.
Worked with developers on a daily basis to perform their tasks.
Helped users resolve computing problems.
Resume of Jacobo Freireich Page 3 of 7
Created Firewall on Linux servers using iptables.
Performed full and incremental backups using Veritas netbackup software.
Implemented updates and security patches on RedHat ES 5 Servers.
Installed web servers according to client’s specifications.
Implemented secure FTP (sftp) servers and chrooted environments.
Installed and configured Vmware ESX/ESXi.
Documented and implemented procedures to minimize downtime during maintenance.
Managed and monitored EVA 8000 and EMC CX4 SAN and allocated LUN’s to Linux servers.
Documented hardware and software inventory.
January 2004 US Department of Commerce/NOAA (National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration) to May 2010 Systems Engineer Futron INC/sid/Contractor
Performed Systems Administration of RedHat Enterprise 3, 4, 5 Linux. Solaris 8, 9, 10, and developed Shell scripts.
Performed Veritas Netbackup backup and restore management.
Performed Veritas Enterprise Administrator and Volume manager.
Managed over 30 Dell 2650, 2850, 1850 servers and blades using RedHat Enterprise Linux. ?
Implemented and maintained a Backup solution with an L25 Storage-Tek tape library and a Dell PowerVault 220S LTO3 library.
Maintained several Enterprise Sun V880, V240, V480 servers and Sun 3500 /3510 drive arrays.
Performed Vulnerability assessment and patch management using Patchlink / Lumension Stat Scanner.
Worked with developers on a daily basis to perform their tasks.
Helped users resolve computing problems.
Created Firewall on Linux servers using iptables.
Maintained Website Intranet and Sybase database Servers.
Performed full and incremental backups using Veritas netbackup software and BRU.
Installed / upgraded and configured Sun servers to Solaris 10, applied security and upgrade patches, and implemented automated patching using smpatch.
Installed Windows XP OS, and Antivirus on Dell workstations.
Implemented updates and security patches on RedHat ES 3/ 4 /5 Servers.
Installed web servers using APACHE web server configuring it with several modules including SSL, PHP, MYSQL Mambo.
Installed and supported MATLAB, SMS, IDL, XMGR GRACE, NETCDF on servers and workstations.
Installed IRIX 6.5.x on SGI Origin 300 servers and maintained applications.
Implemented secure and anonymous FTP servers.
Installed and supported OpenDAP servers along with MYSQL, TOMCAT and JAVA.
Documented and implemented procedures to minimize downtime during maintenance.
Configured and monitored servers/workstations using Whats up gold, and MRTG graphing software.
Managed Storage-Tek SAN and NetApp appliances.
Documented hardware and software inventory.
August 2002 Intelego De Mexico
to December 2003 Systems Engineer
Performed Systems Administration of RedHat Linux, Mandrake Linux, Windows 2000, Server & Professional, Windows XP, and DNS configuration and maintenance.
Installed and configured Firewall using iptables and secured servers.
Configured and secured Mail servers using postfix and sendmail.
Designed and maintained Website and performed database management.
Performed full and incremental Backups using Veritas netbackup.
Installed Workstations using Windows 2000 Professional and XP.
Installed and managed Antivirus applications on Dell and Compaq Windows workstations.
Created Calendar application using perl scripting and javascript. Resume of Jacobo Freireich Page 4 of 7
Installed and maintained Servers and workstations in Monterrey and in Mexico City. February 2002 Fundacion Tesoro De La Salud
to December 2003 Systems Engineer
Performed Systems Administration of Red Hat Linux & Windows 2000 server, DNS configuration, and developed Shell scripts.
Created Firewall on Linux servers using iptables and managed mail filtering.
Designed and maintained Website and performed database management.
Performed full and incremental Backups using Veritas netbackup software.
Installed Antivirus software and anti-spam applications on Dell and HP workstations.
Created HTML code for Interactive E-Learning Applications, and designed a website using Flash, javascript, perl and HTML.
Optimized images for fast loading, implemented security on Win 2000 Server, installed Active Perl Applications and maintained SMTP for Mailing Lists and Autoresponder Software.
Installed a web server using APACHE web server and configured it with SSL, PHP, MYSQL.
Designed and maintained Database Applications using MS Access. June 2001 ICS INC.
to February 2002 Systems Administrator
Performed Systems Administration of Solaris, Linux, Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000, Irix 6.5 and HP-UX Servers and workstations.
Performed DNS maintenance, Shell scripting, monitoring of servers and client computers and maintenance of proprietary applications and WEB servers.
Configured and administered Lucent routers and Secure Access Firewall, network protocols and software including TCP/IP, DNS, reverse DNS, NNTP, HTTPD.
Installed web servers using IIS web server and configuried jakarta tomcat for compatibility with java servlets.
Configured and maintained Solaris 7 & 8, Windows NT 4.0, Windows 2000 servers and workstations.
Administered Sun servers in network environment. Performed daily administration and security on Sparc 10, 20, Ultra 5, Ultra 10 running Solaris 2.6, Solaris 2.7, and 2.8.
Administered SGI server Indigo running IRIX 6.5.
Performed Full and incremental backups using Retrospect Backup software.
Used PowerQuest DeployCenter image center to make images of all the workstations.
Applied patches and upgrades on Solaris servers.
Performed Backups of all the UNIX servers.
Upgraded Deltek Accounting software on netware 4.11 servers.
Installed Antivirus Software on all Windows servers and workstations. October 2000 Cidera, Inc.
to May 2001 Systems Engineer
Performed Systems Administration of NETbsd and RedHat Linux servers and workstations. Performed DNS maintenance, Shell scripting. Also maintained WEB and NEWSGROUPS cache servers.
Configured and administered network protocols and software including TCP/IP, DNS, reverse DNS, NNTP, HTTPD, SNMP.
Performed server security using KERBEROS, SSH, RLOGIN, OPIE and HESIOD.
Installed web servers using APACHE web server and configured it with SSL, PHP, MYSQL.
Configured servers for cache of web and newsgroups using SQUID.
Installed configured and maintained Database servers using mysql database
Monitored and restarted satellite communication applications and streamed media.
Monitored Customer Service Adapters and network with SNMP and MRTG Graphs.
Created individual Firewalls on all RedHat Linux Servers. Resume of Jacobo Freireich Page 5 of 7
1997 RWD Technologies, Inc.
to 2000 UNIX Administrator
Performed Systems Administration of Windows NT 4.0 Server/Client and Windows 2000 Professional Servers. Installed and configured MS IIS server, MSSQL 7 Server and client software.
Designed and implemented Firewall system on RedHat Linux – Mandrake Linux Intranet/Extranet cluster using IP chains.
Administered Sun servers in network environment. Performed daily administration and security implementations on SunSparc 10, 20, Ultra 5, Ultra 10, E350 and E450 servers running Solaris 2.6, Solaris 2.7 and SunOS 4.3.
Installed configured and maintained ORACLE 8i on Windows NT 4.0, Windows 2000 server, Red Hat Linux - Mandrake Linux – Storm Linux servers to meet project specifications.
Maintained DNS tables. Implemented Y2K testing and protection on all systems.
Administered SGI servers and workstations including Origin 200/Origin 2000, Indigo,/Indigo2, Indy and Octane running IRIX 5.3 and IRIX 6.5.
Administered various Unix and PC clients such as Next Black Boxes, SunSparc 10 Windows NT Workstation 4.0, Windows 95/98/2000 including TCP/IP, NIS, DNS, NFS and SMB.
Installed and configured Solaris 8, 9, and x86 and Windows NT Workstation 4.0 clients.
Administered heterogeneous multi-server environment consisting of Solaris 8 / 9, RedHat Linux, FreeBSD, HP-UX, Next OpenStep, Windows NT Server and Workstation 4.0.
Performed configuration and administration of Windows NT Server 4.0 system software and Windows 95 client software.
Administered Unix systems including Sun Solaris 2.51. Configured networking protocols such as TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, DNS, DHCP, WINS and Internet / Intranet applications such as Proxy Services, FTP and WWW.
Installed and configured system software and protocols including Windows NT Server 4.0 and NT Workstation 4.0, Windows 95, Solaris 2.5, DNS, WINS, DHCP, TCP/IP, NFS, Virtual and Multiple Domains and Telnet.
Configured and administered Netscape SuiteSpot Email, Web and FTP servers and services.
Performed installation and administration of Sybase SQL Servers.
Designed and implemented UNIX and Windows NT Networking Systems.
Performed hardware installation and configuration of network computers, Cisco Routers 2500 Series, Hubs, CSU/DSU, Multi-port Adapters, Modems and Printers.
Installed and configured system software including Windows NT Server and Workstation 3.51 / 4.0, Windows 95, Linux, Sun OS, HP-UX, SGI IRIX and SCO UnixWare.
Performed configuration and administration of networking software and protocols such as DNS, NFS, TCP/IP and IPX/SPX, Virtual Domains, Telnet, Email, FTP and Web Servers.
Performed installation and configuration of client network sites.
Designed and implemented Network Systems (LAN /WAN) and networking devices. 1994 CIBERNETWORK DE MEXICO
to 1997 Web Master/System Administrator
Handled configuration, maintenance and operation of Internet Service Provider.
Provided network support using CISCO routers, hubs and other network devices.
Developed and maintained Virtual Domains and server side programming (using CGI-scripting, Perl scripting, HTML programming, and supporting Unix scripting languages). 1994 I/O-NET Internet Services
to 1996 Web Master/System Administrator
Performed system administration, configuration and maintenance for Internet Web Sites.
Provided networking, virtual domain and server side programming services. Resume of Jacobo Freireich Page 6 of 7
Resume of Jacobo Freireich Page 7 of 7
Contact this candidate