TIRSO VILLANUEVA RESUME
Tirso Villanueva
COMPUTER SOFTWARE ENGINEER
Halifax, Nova Scotia. B3T 1N1
902-***-****
ad9cnm@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY
Results-oriented software developer with 29 years of experience in developing and maintaining business applications. Proven ability to handle all aspects of the software development life cycle, from requirements gathering, programming, testing and deployment. I'm looking for a role at a advanced company in Canada where I can leverage my expertise and agile development practices to make good results.
I have experience in several medium and large-sized companies, as well as in international corporations, operating in different business such as commerce/retail, insurance, production, services, mining, consulting, textiles and transportation. I have mastery of tools for business computer systems' building, such as programming languages (3rd, 4th generation and OOP), databases, midrange computers, operating systems, web development, integration and systems architecture. I''m a responsible professional, committed to his work, and passionate about implementing quality software.
WORK HISTORY
Computer Software Engineer
Since 2014 To 2024 Manufacturas San Isidro S.A.C. Perú In this company I was able to deploy all my knowledge while improving my skills. Analysis and programming in OS/400 for the development of administrative, financial and accounting modules. Tools: RPG/ILE programming, CL commands, DB2/400 database. Implementation of Electronic Invoicing. Other results: Inventories Valuation’s new module, electronic invoicing integration and building interfaces to Scanpal devices (handheld computers), using Python. Since 2018, we began implementing the new web system for points of sale built entirely with Javascript (React.js library), HTML, CSS, microservices. It took us one year to implement. Reduction of $240,000 dollars per year in supervisor salaries. Starting 2021 we have focused on integration bus’ implementation for all company's applications with the AS/400 system, developing with Python and Javascript for specific processes in the backend, using XML notation. Deployment over cloud AWS Amazon Web Services
Development tools: RPG/400, Python, Javascript, HTML, CSS Databases: DB2/400, UniData RDBMS, SQL Server, MySQL Operating systems: OS/400, Windows Servers, IBM AIX v7.2, Linux CentOS Cloud: AWS
Systems’ Analyst and Programmer
Since 2012 To 2014 Intelog Transport and Cargo Co. Perú In this company I fully implemented their cargo vehicle control system. It was a web system that interacted with the satellite location system (GPS) provided by the systems of the provider contracted for that service. It was implemented in Javascript/React.js, both in the front and backend, MySQL database, web services. Routes control, loads, fuel consumption, payment of drivers' hours interface, incidents registration, unforeseen changes, etc. Development tools: Javascript, HTML, CSS
Databases: SQL Server, MySQL
TIRSO VILLANUEVA RESUME
Operating systems: Linux Ubuntu, Windows Server
Systems’ Analyst and Programmer
Since 2011 To 2012 Peru Pima S.A. Perú
I started working on several large requirements for improvements in the company's main system, carrying out analysis and system development tasks in central system, especially, in the textile production and inventory modules. I performed the tasks of database administrator and server administration. In the second part of my performance in this company, I assumed the role of manager, having three programmers under my charge.
Development tools: U2 SB+ SystemBuilder
Databases: UniData RDBMS
Operating systems: Windows Servers
Software Developer
Since 2004 to 2011 Yanbal International LLC Perú
In this company I was part of the Corporate Systems Development Team, which provided analysis, development and testing support for the company's commercial system. I successfully led several medium-sized IT projects. The first part of my time here was developing on the AS/400, financial system. The second half was developed using the 4GL “SB+ SystemBuilder” tool and the UniData database. We implemented the agile development methodology, as well as other methodologies such as UML and RUP. Rebuild of the order entry for sales force, reducing 80% delays in input.
Development tools: ILE RPG, U2 SB+ SystemBuilder
Databases: DB2/400, UniData RDBMS
Operating systems: OS/400, Windows Servers, IBM AIX v5.3 Systems’ Analyst And Programmer
Since 2002 To 2004 Intelicorp S.A.C. Perú
In this company I was part of the development staff and we were dedicated to the different projects we had with various clients. Among them, the main ones were Wiese AETNA, an insurance company, Volcan Cia Minera SAA, and Alicorp, which is a large goods distribution company. Here I gained a lot of experience getting to know different businesses. In this job I can get familiarity with terms in insurance industry, like insurance policies, risk management, insurance law, sales commissions on sales, etc.
Development Tools: RPG/400, Visual Basic, Developer2000 Databases: DB2/400, Oracle 8i, SQL Server
Operating systems: IBM OS/400, S/36, MS-Windows Servers Systems Programmer
Since 1999 To 2001 Volcan Cia Minera SAA Perú
This is a large mining company. My duties here were as a systems programmer. I worked alongside the heads of the Costs, Accounting and Mining Operations areas. My work involved the following development tools: MS Visual Basic, C++, Oracle database and MS SQL Server. I implemented the company's cost system, as well as the automation of the different cost-generating processes. Development Tools: Visual Basic, Centura Builder
Databases: FoxPro, Oracle 8, GUPTA
Operating systems: Windows Servers
TIRSO VILLANUEVA RESUME
Junior Programmer
Since 1995 To 1998 Unique S.A. Perú
I began my professional experience at this company, being a systems documenter
(MAPICS, production control system). The company sent me to a complete RPG/400 and CL course, and with that I was able to join the development staff. I was in charge mostly printed reports implementations. Around 1998 I was moved to a company’s subsidiary named GOIA S.A. I there was in charge of Datacenter and development support in the company's commercial system, built in SB+ SystemBuilder, and the UniData database.
Development tools: U2 SB+ SystemBuilder, IBM RPG/400 Databases: UniData RDBMS, IBM DB2/400
Operating systems: IBM OS/400, AIX v3.2
EDUCATION
Bachelor Degree in Systems Engineering – I have ECA Equivalency UPC- Universidad Peruana de Ciencias Aplicadas
2005-2012. Lima, Perú.
Graduate in Computing and Information Technologies Instituto Cibertec
1994-1997. Lima, Perú.
AS/400 Systems Programmer
IBM del Perú S.A.
1996. Lima, Perú.
Java Development
Instituto Cibertec
2022. Lima, Perú.
Linux Servers Management
Instituto Superior Tecsup
2022. Lima, Perú.
AWS Cloud Technical Essentials
Amazon Web Services
2020. Coursera bootcamp.
AWS Fundamentals
Amazon Web Services
2019. Udemy bootcamp.
Introduction to Embedded Systems Software and Development Environments University of Colorado Boulder
2017. Colorado, USA
Visual Basic .Net and ASP .Net Web Developer
Instituto TechEra
2017. Lima, Perú
PLC Fundamentals
Instituto Superior Tecsup
2016. Lima, Perú
AIX 5L Basics
IBM Training
2007. Lima, Perú.
C Language – Advanced Programming
TIRSO VILLANUEVA RESUME
Instituto Cibertec
2000. Lima, Perú.
SKILLS
Hard skills
Python RPG/400 ILE RPG
C++ .Net C# .Net VB
HTML CSS XML / REST
Java Javascript SB+ / UniData
DB2 SQL Oracle DB
Operating systems:
OS/400 SCO-Unix IBM AIX
Windows Servers Linux Android
In addition:
AWS Kubernetes / Docker Github
Systems Architect EDI Testing
Soft skills
Adaptability
Quick learning
Emotional Intelligence
Problem-solving
Continuous learning
Diversity, equity, and inclusion Awareness
Critical thinking
ADDITIONAL
INFO
Volunteering
Member of Feline Voluntary Defense Group (GVDF, Perú), gathering and bothering of stray cats, since 2016
Support in medical campaigns for children with diseases (such as cleft lip, etc.), 2011, 2014. Lima, Perú.
Languages
Spanish: Native language
English:
Advanced level in Reading.
Intermediate level in speaking, writing and listening Hobbies
Hiking, reading in parks, mindfulness.
REFERENCES Eng. Yohana Díaz Deputy General Manager Co.: Manufacturas San Isidro S.A.C
Phone: +51-997-***-***
Email: ad9cnm@r.postjobfree.com
Eng. Marino Mendoza IT Manager
Co.: Intelog Transportation SAC
Phone: +51-971-***-***
Email: ad9cnm@r.postjobfree.com
Eng. Juno Mannarelli Deputy General Manager
Co.: Peru Pima S.A.
Phone: +51-998-***-***
Email: ad9cnm@r.postjobfree.com
Eng. Marco Rojas IT Manager
TIRSO VILLANUEVA RESUME
Co.: Yanbal International LLC
Phone: +51-942-***-***
Email: ad9cnm@r.postjobfree.com
Marcial Rojo
Consultant Manager
Co.: Intelicorp Consultores Asociados S.A.C.
Phone: +51-997-***-***
Email: ad9cnm@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate