Darrell A. Leahy
*** ****** ***. 302-***-****
Claymont, DE 19703 adaosu@r.postjobfree.com

Qualifications Summary

Results Oriented IT Professional with 27 plus years of IT Administrator experience in private multi-state
Organizations, including over 20 years of progressive leadership streamlining operations of the IT department
in alignment with the business objectives of the organization. Strengths include planning, coordinating, directing
and designing IT-related activities of the organization, as well as provide administrative direction and support for
daily operational activities of the IT department. Proven ability to lead projects to achieve business objectives,
while maintaining excellent customer relationships, and to develop solutions to facilitate revenue and profit
growth.

Areas of Expertise

Domain design and configure Troubleshooting Technical support
Disaster Recovery Firewall Design and Configure Customer Excellence
Database Hardware and Software People Development

Professional Experience:

8/2018 – Duffield Associates Wilmington, DE
Present IT Network Administrator
General
Autodesk Deployment / Troubleshooting
Deployment of equipment
Ruckus Wireless Networks
Imaging and deployment of computers
Migrate Servers from Hyper-V to VSphere 6.5
3CX phone systems
Training Best Practices migrating from AutoCAD Civil 3D 2015 to 2019
Deployment of Ninja RMM company wide.

3/2017 – Terumo Cardiovascular Elkton, MD
Aug 2018 Applications & Information Systems Specialist
General
Camstar MES Modeling
21 CFR Part 11
Gamp5
Kepware 6.2 - Integrating machine data into SQL 2014 Databases
Camstar Training – Exploring Camstar Manufacturing & Camstar Manufacturing Licensed Features.

9/2016 – CarGroup Holdings - Contract Media, PA
2/2017 Senior Information Systems Application Specialist & Business Analyst
General
Wyse Terminals
Process Documentation
Microsoft Lync
Spiceworks

8/1996 – Seiberlich Trane New Castle, DE
8/2016 MIS Coordinator
General
Independent Worker
Teamwork – Can lead or be part of a team to accomplish objectives
Self-Starter Supervision not needed.
Recognize needs and develop systems and solutions to take care of them based on company philosophy
43 Hardware and Software certifications.
Server
Managed UNIX accounting system and database for five years, migrated it to Microsoft Dynamics SQL Server (3rd Quarter 2000.)
Implemented Server Migrations from Novell 3.12 to Windows NT4 to Windows 2000 through Windows 2012.
Intranet Server design and deployment.
Coordinate third party implementations of systems (testing, designing, installing configuration, and training.)
SAN Purchase, install and configurations (Dell and Nimble)
Manage back-up processes, equipment verification and resets
Backups both data and bare metal restores
Develop Disaster recovery Plan and Test
Microsoft Dynamics GP
Accounting system support – Dynamics 7.0 through 2013 sp3
Reports directly to CFO
Designs, programs and audits security within Dynamics database and all connected components.
Created and maintained all banking users and security (audited independently yearly.)
Build queries and stored procedures to be used with SSRS and Excel extracts.
Dynamics – Advanced HR, user and group security
Key2Act / Wennsoft Customizations support.
Installed interfaces for ACH, FED Reserve and 401K systems extracting them directly from Microsoft Dynamics.
Database
Database Design, Build and Implementation (Access and SQL)
Microsoft SQL 2000 – 2012
OBDC, connectors, maintenance plans, and repairing.
Moving Data in fields as needed as versions change.
Building maintaining databases in Access 97 – 2013.
Troubleshooting determining programming, data or procedural errors.
Customization troubleshooting and repair.
Evaluating, Testing, Implementing new components and procedures.
SSRS reports server setup configure and secure
Support and troubleshoot databases and interfaces.
MS SQL Server Management Studio
Reporting
Crystal reports troubleshoot, repair and upgrade.
SSRS reports build, troubleshoot, repair, and upgrade.
Query and database modification within the report and server.
AnyView Reports versions 9 through 12 for Dynamics - build maintain and upgrade
Microsoft Report writer (FRX through report writer.)
Dexterity Reports – Dynamics GP
Smartlist Reports – Dynamics GP
Domain
Migrated off of Trane’s Domain to our own (seamlessly users did not even know.)
Design and configure AD, ADFS, LDAP, DNS, DHCP, TCPIP, VPN, secure tunneling, LAN and WAN
Setup and maintain GPOs and login scripts.
Exchange Admin 2007 and migrated to Office 365
Support 100+ Users, setup and ongoing support.
Support 19 Servers both virtual (VMware 4.0 – 5.5) and Physical.
Purchase setup and secure hardware for the network including servers and workstations
Oversee software licensing compliance for desktop and servers.
Support networking between 3 locations including firewalls and monitoring.
Installs, configures and maintains company computers, networks, file servers, network cabling, and other related equipment, devices and systems, adds or upgrades and configures disk drives, printers and related equipment.
Security
Managed WAN / LAN, Database, Communication, and Building Security.
Firewalls design, configuration and implementation (both physical and logical.)
Cisco ASA and switch programming and maintenance (ADSM)
Meraki programming and maintenance.
Implement and support for network security, including maintaining firewalls, configuring VPN, managing host security, file permissions, file system integrity, and adding and deleting users.
Customer Support
Implemented Workstation migrations from Dos / Windows 3.11 through Windows 10 Pro.
Directly responsible for troubleshooting hardware and software on all levels including customer interfaces.
Installed interfaces for ACH, FED Reserve and 401K systems extracting them directly from Microsoft Dynamics.
Desktop and server hardware support (both in-house and customer)
Track and record all hardware and software (asset tracking and software licensing).
Audit and maintain computer images for field associate systems.
Assists in research and procurement of computer accessories and supplies.
Assist all associates with computer related issues.
Assists associates of other departments as a computer resource.
Provides computer, equipment, and security orientation to new and existing associates.
Provide support for Dynamics security, maintenance, testing and functionality
Develop and maintain SOP’s for IT functions
Equipment
Evaluate company Equipment needs and recommend, purchase, configure, implement and train.
Contract negotiation for PRI phone line, copiers and postage machines, ect.
Design network installation, integration, and maintenance.
Install and configure all supported hardware
Phone System
Installation and upgrades for Avaya Phone systems (Hybrid Digital and IP system for 3 locations)
Support Avaya Hybrid Phone system with both digital and analog components
Install, Configure, Troubleshoot, and coordinate supported communications.
Troubleshooting
Investigates user problems and identifies their source, determines possible solutions, tests and implements solutions.
Troubleshoot all LAN, Workstation, and Server problems.
Project Duties
Implement all hardware testing and upgrades
Implement all software testing and upgrades
Training
Companywide training through in house training, on premise and instructor led training.
Assist in identifying training needs and coordinate appropriate training sessions.
Integrity
Maintains confidentiality with regard to the information being processed, stored or accessed by the end-users on the network.
Perform responsibilities in accordance with all company standards, policies and procedures.

10/95 - Brian’s Data Security New Castle, DE
7/96 Operations Manager
Managed disaster recovery operations
Novell Network Administrator.
Managed Apple Network.
Customer and Company technical support for computer systems, both software and hardware.
Streamlined operations increased billing, increase profitability.
Business to business Sales.

Education: University of Texas Arlington
Computer Science and Engineering
1982 – 1984
Hyles-Anderson College
Crown Point, Indiana
1984 - 1985
Norris Bible Baptist Seminary
Pastoral Theology
Graduated 1988 - Theology
Additional Training
Microsoft Word – Beginner
Microsoft Word – Intermediate
Microsoft Word – Advanced
Microsoft Excel – Beginner
Microsoft Excel – Intermediate
Microsoft Excel- Advanced
Microsoft PowerPoint – Beginner
Microsoft PowerPoint – Intermediate
Microsoft PowerPoint – Advanced
Microsoft Access – Part 1
Microsoft Access – Part 2
Microsoft Project – Beginner
Microsoft Visio - Beginner
Mastering Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services
Microsoft Exchange Server Administration
Microsoft Exchange Server Administration – Advanced
Microsoft Windows Active Directory
Microsoft FrontPage 1
Microsoft FrontPage 2
Microsoft Visual Basic 6.0
Red Hat System Administration I
Red Hat System Administration II
Cisco E-Learning
AWS Essentials Web Hosting and Cloud Computing
Wennsoft Continuing Education San Diego Synergy 2014 – 10 units
Contact this candidate