Hafeezuddin Ahmed
716-***-**** adbxg3@r.postjobfree.com Brooklyn, NY

OBJECTIVE:
Highly motivated and passionate Linux Systems Administrator/Engineer and IT Security Advisor offering more than seven years of experience with Cloud Computing, DevOps, Configuration Management, Automation, IT Security, Log Management, and much more. Seeking a challenging and rewarding position which will enable me to use my vast working knowledge and experience to not only benefit the company in the best possible manner, but upgrade myself with emerging trends and technologies as well.

CERTIFICATIONS:
AWS Solutions Architecture - Associate Certificate (In Progress)
Deep Security Trend Micro Certified Professional (Hybrid Cloud Security)

TECHNOLOGIES / TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Cloud Computing – Amazon Web Services
Configuration Management Tool/Automation – Ansible and Bash Shell Scripting
DevOps – Docker, DockerHub, GIT, and GitHub
Security Tools – Splunk, Vormetric Data Encryption, and Trend Micro AV Protection
Virtualization Technology – VMware ESXi Hypervisor, VCenter, and VSphere Clients
Project Manager for multiple Change Management activities
Experienced with handling diamond customer accounts and Incident Management

EXPERIENCE:

DELL / Virtustream (Remote Position) July 2018 - February 2020
IT Security Advisor/Linux Systems Engineer

Being part of a diverse IT environment, my contributions included, but not limited to:

Working experience with a number of services provided by AWS such as IAM, S3, EC2, AMI, EFS, CloudWatch, VPC, Security Groups, Network ACLs, and NAT Gateway.
Deployed EC2 instances and managed them through the AWS Management Console, CLI, and Putty.
Familiar with setting up a network architecture on AWS with VPC, Subnets, Internet Gateway, Route Tables, Security Groups, Network ACLs, and NAT Gateway.
Knowledge of hosting a static website and utilizing object versioning with S3.
Experience with managing both static and dynamic hosts through Ansible Configuration Tool.
Automated deployments and configurations by writing YAML-based Ansible playbooks.
Extensively used Ansible ad-hoc commands to manage/configure multiple nodes.
Worked with Ansible variables, conditions, tags, handlers, and roles.
Encrypted and managed Ansible playbooks with Ansible-vault for security purposes.
Worked with Docker components such as Docker Images, Containers, DockerFile, and DockerHub.
Customized Docker containers and took snapshots for future usage.
Knowledge of writing a DockerFile for building customized Docker images.
Experienced with GIT version control system on the CLI and GitHub.
Utilized GIT and GitHub for better management of Ansible playbooks and bash scripts.
Worked on Windows Jump Servers, customer virtual machines, and physical boxes via VCenter.
Working experience with some of the Splunk components like the Universal Forwarder, Search Head, Indexer Server, and Deployment Server.
Installed and configured Universal Splunk Forwarder 6.x and 7.x on Windows and Linux systems.
Reviewed and exported system logs via the Splunk Search Head.
Installed and configured the Vormetric agent to ensure databases security on both Non-Prod and Production systems.
Participated in multiple Disaster Recovery (DR) tests.
Troubleshoot issues related to encrypted file systems.
Decrypted database file system data.
Deployed and upgraded Trend Micro host-based security anti-virus software on servers to ensure protection from malware/threats.
Created and enhanced policies to limit CPU utilization of anti-virus agent, schedule daily/weekly malware scans, and exclude files/directories from being scanned.
Collaborated with different teams to resolve various issues found with Vormetric and Trend.
Closely worked with vendors to troubleshoot customer issues.
Handled REQs, TASKs, INCs, PTASKs, and CHGs through the ServiceNow ticketing tool.
Managed and updated in-house documents via Confluence.
Provided after-hours/weekend on-call support on a rotation basis for incident management.
Managed user accounts through Windows Active Directory.
Worked with both Slack and Skype communication tools.

Bank of NY Mellon, NY June 2015 - May 2018
Linux Systems Administrator

Worked in Non-Prod and Production environments consisting of physical and virtual machines that ran Linux and Windows operating systems.
Utilized PXEboot and Kickstart to automate the deployment of various systems.
Installed and configured Type-1 hypervisor (VMware ESXi) on bare-metal machines.
Provisioned and managed virtual machines through VMware VSphere Client/Web Client.
Captured and reverted snapshots of virtual machines as needed.
Worked with Type-2 hypervisor VMware Workstation Player.
Configured system network interfaces and hostnames.
Wrote bash shell scripts to automate repetitive tasks.
Setup and managed various servers such as DHCP, TFTP, FTP, Apache HTTPD, NFS, and DNS.
Diagnosed and resolved issues with various servers.
Created and pushed users to client machines through the NIS centralized server.
Configured and managed Logical Volumes (LVM).
Created Linux file systems on disks, partitions, and LVMs.
Administered packages via RedHat Package Manager and the YUM utility.
Setup channel bonding for network redundancy and to improve network performance.
Monitored systems through monitoring tool Nagios.
Performed network, service, and process management.
Worked with firewall/iptables for port management.
Monitored application logs to fix issues.
Patched Linux systems through RPM and YUM.
Managed user/group accounts, sudo permissions, files, and directories.
Scheduled automated jobs via both Cron Job and AT Linux utilities.
Monitored the performance of Linux and Windows systems.
Hardened Linux systems.
Knowledge about tuning kernel parameters and modifying kernel modules.
Collaborated with teams to resolve OS and networking related issues on servers.

Verizon Wireless, NJ August 2012 - May 2015 Linux Systems Analyst

Racked and stacked servers, and added new hard drives and memory to increase capacity and performance of servers respectively.
Deployed guest virtual machines using ISO images.
Experienced with RedHat, CentOS, SUSE, and Windows.
Configured the SAMBA server to share files on the network.
Partitioned disks, created file systems, and mounted them as needed.
Managed host records via the local DNS file.
Created customized yum repositories on Linux servers for in-house package management.
Transferred data between Linux and Windows servers using SCP, SFTP, and WINSCP.
Compressed/uncompressed and backed up data/files/directories via the Tar utility.
Worked with stream editor (sed) to obtain and replace information in files.
Hands on experience with the VI editor.
Documented the procedures of different tasks.
Knowledge of Microsoft Office.

EDUCATION:

CUNY Brooklyn College, Brooklyn, New York February 2010 – February 2013
Masters of Science in Business Economics

CUNY Brooklyn College, Brooklyn, New York June 2003 – December 2006
Bachelor of Science in Accounting
Dean’s List 2004, Passed CUNY Proficiency Examination with distinction

CUNY Hunter College, New York, New York September 2002 – June 2003
Bachelor of Science in Accounting

REFERENCES WILL BE PROVIDED UPON REQUEST.
Contact this candidate