Nikolay Avanesov
San Diego, CA ***** 858-***-**** adftfi@r.postjobfree.com

Systems Administrator Desktop Engineer

Customer service focused System Administrator with extensive career experience in overseeing IT operations and managing help desk environments. Highly adept in systems analysis diagnostics and troubleshooting and conflict resolution. Exhibits excellent organizational and problem-solving skills. Works well in team environments and displays a strong work ethic. Skilled in providing technical support to troubleshoot and resolve hardware, software, and network issues. Experienced in supporting network operations, such as maintenance, technology changes, networks, hardware/software upgrades. Specialist with extensive expertise providing installation, management, updates, and maintenance of technical resources within a variety of environments. Skilled in support operations and highly focused on achieving and maintaining superior levels of user performance and client satisfaction. An individual that thrives within fast-paced environments, is successful in special assignments, tasks, and projects, and can provide a clear vision in leading a team to meet its goals within budget.
Fluent in both English and Russian.

Technology Proficiencies

Software: Smart Client Server (imaging\sanitized systems) using PXE, Virtual Box, VMware Workstations, Windows OS, MS Server 2012/2012 R2, MS Server 2016,MS Server 2019 MS Office Suite package 97/2000/2003/2007/2010/2013,2016, 0365, Avaya VOIP Phones (installations, configurations, and activations), Vonage IP Phone Console, MS Active Directory, MS SCCM/SCOM, MDT(MS Deployment Tool)

Hardware: Linux Servers (CentOS 6.5, Fedora and Debian), Various PC Workstations and server platforms (HP, Dell, IBM, and Compaq)

Education & Certifications

Palomar Community College
Computer Science and Information Systems - Networking
Graduation Date
Moscow Institute of Business and Law
B.B.A. in Business of Administration
July 2004

Certifications
Microsoft Azure Fundamentals Dell Desktop and Notebook Certificate Dell Dispatch Policies and Procedures Certificate
Network+ * (in progress) Security* (in progress) AWS DevOps*(in progress)
Salesforce Admin* training (in progress)

Professional Experience
Sr. IT Support Specialist Lead, Cohu. Inc November 2019 – June 2020
Acting as an escalation point for internal customer challenges,
Collaborating with other functional groups of IT on trends and systems performance,
Building rapport with business unit IT managers.
Managing Office 365 platforms, including MS Azure Cloud services
Administer and Manage Active Directory(including on-boarding process, and security groups creation, permissions, GPO’s etc),
Administer Microsoft System Center environment (MS SCCM/SCOM)
Creating custom Windows 7 and Windows10 image, with custom applications on it using MDT tool
Creating and Deploying automated Golden Windows 10 image to all global Cohu Inc sites,
Administer tools for the encryption(Bitlocker), patching, virus protection(Palo Alto Traps ) and backup of all end-points,
Escalating problems (when required) to IT Management(using communication tool like MS Teams
Record, track, and document the service desk request problem-solving process, including all successful and unsuccessful decisions made, and actions are taken, through to final resolution(using MS SharePoint intranet application)
Alert management to emerging trends in incidents(using MS SCCM console)
Test fixes to ensure a problem has been adequately resolved.
Develop/Update support documents and FAQ sheets (using SharePoint intranet web application)
Reinforce SLAs to manage end-user expectations(using MS SCCM console)
Assisting in providing advanced Office 365 support when required(using MS Exchange Admin Portal/Azure AD),
Provide end-user support/remote support including software training(using TeamViewer and RDP/Backdoor option as well)
Provide network backup/restore systems support, including network infrastructure(Veeam backup software, and Palo Alto Firewall console application for managing, and monitoring devices on the domain network).
Systems Specialist III, General Atomics July 2018 – October 2019
Managed delivery of exceptional customer service in a fast-paced environment through phone, email, and instant message by consulting with the management team, peers, and subordinates and finally end-users to clarify program intent, identify problems, suggest changes and document discussions/issues and translate changes into clear and actionable directives.
Accountable for the identification, diagnosis, and resolution of Tier 2-3 issues using historical database records and technical expertise.
Supported multiple company products and advanced integration and customized interfaces to host systems to help staff manage workflow as efficiently and smoothly as possible.
Proactively scheduled and performed preventative maintenance, troubleshot staff reported problems, and monitored, and prioritized tasks to maximize staff satisfaction.
Installed and configured software and peripherals, trained staff on enterprise and non-enterprise solutions.
Accountable for the administration, management, and configuration of Bartender server for 600+ zebra label printers and WYSE management server for 1100 Dell thin clients.

IS Support Analyst Level II, Meggitt – USA October 2016 – June 2018
Diagnosed, resolved, and mitigated issues that were escalated from the helpdesk for on-site users.
Oversaw direct reports in day-to-day operations, including managing and performance review duties.
Accountable for the management of the active director, permissions, and GPO as well as the administration of Windows files, backup exec servers, prints, and licenses servers, and upgrades and updates.
Conducted basic computer repairs such as maintenance and software updates, identified issues in hardware, software, and networking, and submitted tickets to the IT team for resolution.
Provided optimal customer service through active listening, accurate troubleshooting, and user training of signal support.

Sr. IT Technician, UTC Aerospace Systems\CSC May 2012 – April 2016
Performed fast and efficient network support including troubleshooting, help desk functions, and correction of NT-related problems on servers and workstations.
Provided system support services, including service outage diagnosis, troubleshooting, and restoration of service, virus protection management.
Supervised server infrastructure management, performance monitoring, Operating System upgrades, and troubleshooting.
Provided technical assistance on enterprise e-mail system to assist new and existing users at all locations
Created and managed users, computer accounts, and their access to network resources in Active Directory.
Performed network management to include allocating, deploying, coordinating, and monitoring of customer systems.
Prepared tests and applications for monitoring desktop performance providing performance reports.
Developed SLAs ensuring they were consistently met and exceed specific response and resolution times.

Additional Work History

IT Specialist, Independent Contractor February 2011 – April 2012

IT Technician, Adecco Engineering (MPC San Diego) April 2016 – October 2016

Help Desk Analyst\Technical Support, SNH February 2008 – December 2010

IT Repair Technician, Sony Electronics Inc. October 2004 – January 2008
Contact this candidate