Michael W Brown
adhev2@r.postjobfree.com
813-***-****
Profile: Systems Administrator
Seventeen years of progressively responsible IT experience. Expertise includes:
Multi-platform environments (Novell, Linux, UNIX), Windows Server
2003/2008R2/2012R2/2016/2019/2020, Active Directory & Exchange.
Reputation for dedicated teamwork, high-energy work ethic management and
Commitment to customer service.

Education: Draughons Community College – Computer Science
US Navy – Satellite Communications

Key Skills: Technical Managerial

Systems Engineering
SAN Backup Strategies
Data Protection
AD Architecture & Administration
vCenter Server Support
Cisco Router Switch Configuration

Supervision
Team Building
Training & Instruction
Client Relationship Management (CRM)
Productivity/efficiency Increase
Research & Analysis

Experience: Softtek Addison, Texas
Backup Infrastructure Support Engineer Softtek 01/2020 to 8/2020
Providing Data Protection and support in virtual environment for over 5000 Windows & Linux servers across two separate grids. Expert use and knowledge of the Avamar backup system. AD management/administration. Share point & MS Teams administration. Power Shell & VB scripting as needed. Maintaining a 99.7% proficiently for Data Protection with 99.9% restore success rate. Verification and adjustments of virtual server ability to quiesce during backup process. Installation of VMware Tools, disk consolidation & VMotion as required. Collaborated with Dell EMC to resolve above L3 issues and also to upgrade Avamar 18.1 to 19.2 across all devices and appliances. Also raising SR’s with Dell & coordinating onsite hardware service as required. Utilized General Electric Service Now (SNOW) ticketing system to track request, break fix & change request within allowed SLA. Participated in CAB calls as necessary for change request. Generated reports via SNOW and vRealize Operations Management (vROps). Verbal and written communications with all concerned while maintaining a high level of professionalism.

Experience: Insight Global Tampa, Florida
Lead Field Service Technician BlackBox Networking 02/2019 to 01/2020
Performing installation in new stores of Servers, Thin Clients, Workstations, Printers, Phone systems, Camera systems, POS equipment & Sound systems for Major Client – TJ Max and TJ Max owned stores, Marshalls, Sierra Trading Post, Home Goods, Home Sense & others. Rack Stack server installation and configuration. Work closely with project managers and loss prevention department heads to meet scheduling requirements & specific store needs. From Pre wiring through installation & configuration including switches VLAN to technical support upon opening week of location. Works closely with PM with daily reporting. As lead technician I also direct and supervise & support junior technicians..

Experience: Workmarket.com Tampa, Florida
IT Field Service Technician Sole Proprietor 06/2018 to 02/2019
Providing various IT support needs from cabling, printer service, VOPIP phone installation, computer and network support in Tampa and neighboring communities. Works with workmarket.com obtaining specific assignments based on customers scope of service requirements. Maintains stick guide lines and standards of service conduct. Various customers sourced via Workmarket & TechLink Services.

Experience: Insight Global Tampa, Florida
Network Administrator Coca-Cola Tampa 05/2018 to 06/2018
Provided Support for client Network upgrade. Switch replacement configuration, Cable transitions & Cable Management. User Workstation & Laptop exchange & Support. Connectivity, OS & Application Support for users.

Experience: Data Tech Tampa, Florida
Field Systems Administrator Data Tech 10/2017 to 03/2018 VIA Insight Global 04/2017 to 10/2017
Field Systems Administrator providing network support to Data Tech clients. Network Devices Setup, Trouble shooting & Configuration, Firewall’s, VLAN’s, Access Points, Domain Controllers, Switches & Routers. Laptop, Desktop, IPad’s IPhone’s & Android devices Service, Support & Management using Keysa Management Application. Printers, Scanners and others peripheral devices also supported. Assigned to the Plato School System supporting over 2000 user devices located in 5 separate facilities.

Experience: Insight Global, Tampa, FL 11/2016 to 04/2017
IT Consultant Black Box Network
Project oriented wireless AP and switch replacement for major client. Upgrading firmware, configuring and validating new hardware via HP Bridge. Providing all deliverables to those required and verified by Black Box while onsite. Currently working as lead tech for 4 tech crew.

Experience: Workmarket.com Tampa, Florida
IT Field Service Technician Sole Proprietor 02/2015 to 11/2016
Providing various IT support needs from cabling, printer service, VOPIP phone installation, computer and network support in Tampa and neighboring communities. Works with workmarket.com obtaining specific assignments based on customers scope of service requirements. Maintains stick guide lines and standards of service conduct.

Experience: Insight Global, Nashville, Tennessee
System Administrator Correct Care Solutions 04/2014 to 02/2015
Help desk call center providing100% remote support of windows desktop systems, IPhone & Android, scanners & printer’s hardware and applications. Level 1&2 remote support of Windows XP, Win7, Win8 and MS Office 2010/2013 including the Lync. While providing various application supports including MS Office 2010/2013 clients electronic & client’s medical records application working closely with the production support team. Several other proprietary applications supported also. Providing support for virtual workstations, Cisco VPN, share point, shared drives, scanners, printers to users ranging from Providers, Nurses, Pharmacist and other medical administrative professionals. Most users supported via fastsupport.com while several sites required voice only support due to network security restrictions. Supporting user’s network accounts, creations removal & provisioning with AD management tool. Providing users email support providing account creation, administration, mailbox size using Exchange management tool. I received an average of 100+ calls per week with a 99.9% first call resolution rate.

Experience: Insight Global, Nashville, Tennessee
Project Coordinator Community Health Systems 02/2014 to 04/2014
Provides positive practices in standard methodologies and processes are being used to deliver integrated solution. Providing direct customer interactions while reporting activity to senior management. Serving as a single point of contact in order to facilitate problem resolutions with emphasis on coordination of tasks.

Experience: Avega El Segundo, CA
Systems Engineer Avega 01/2004 to 02/2014
BES and Exchange administration within a active directory 2003 WAN/LAN while providing imaging and distributions of Black Berry devices and laptops for a changing staff of 45 local and 60 field consultants. Responsible for managing data center supporting MS Server Juniper, Cisco. AD architect and administration replacing Novell environment with Windows file/term servers. Application Service Provider services to 350 US hospitals including installation, upgrade, backup, and monitoring support services of Decision Support software, Oracle databases, and hardware with team of direct reports. Identified, generated, and updated all procedural documentation in areas that were lacking. Tracked and reported all upcoming or current implementations. Implemented software solutions on client systems independently while providing a high level of quality and customer satisfaction.

Experience: Excell Data Corp. Hazard, KY
Systems Administrator, Trust Joist/Weyerhaeuser - 01/2003 to 01/2004
Perform systems setup, daily backups, and connectivity, hardware and software issues. Server administration, users/groups e-mail (GroupWise). Novell, NT, and HP UNIX servers. Large automated manufacturing facility. Entire plant's PLC' s, networked, sensors, motor loads, all seen in real time, using PLU's and Visual Basic. Utilized call tracking system (Remedy), to receive and track all calls and work assigned. Ensured all progress updates are readily entered as required, some 2-hour response time. Loading and restoring workstation using Ghost imaging. Completed XP rollout of 300+ workstations while insuring application compatibly.
Experience: CIBER – Tennessee Department of Transportation - Nashville, Tennessee
System Administrator -Help Desk Manger, TDOT IT Department – 01/2002 to 01/2003
Supervise 3 member team junior network administrators and 5 member team help desk technicians in performing systems setup, daily backups, and connectivity, hardware and software issues. Assigned work duties to help desk staff according to work volume. Responsible for leadership role to promote a team environment in order to keep all functional areas covered during absences of any staff. Resolved all escalated issues older than 24 hours. Responsible for identifying, generating, and updating all procedural documentation in areas that are lacking. Ensure all software upgrades and new versions maintained on each PC. 600+ Workstation environment Provided software support for Windows NT/2000, 98, XP, Novell Client, ZEN, ARC serve, GroupWise, MS office97/XP, Attachmate, Oracle, MS Access, Mark Vision, Micro station.
Contact this candidate