Patrick Gabbert

Richmond Heights MO 314-***-**** adiwdi@r.postjobfree.com
December 16, 2020
RE: IT Technician/Systems Administrator
Dear Hiring Manager,
As an experienced Lead IT Support Technician, the advertisement for IT Technician/Systems Administrator with your organization sparked my interest. When reviewing the position requirements and your organization's website, I was excited to find that my qualifications and personal strengths align with your needs and mission.
I bring a comprehensive set of skills that I believe will be valuable to any Information Technology team. In my Lead IT Support Technician role, I honed my abilities in managing some very advanced Verifone payment systems and the overall infrastructure of all our electronic systems: PCs, Servers, network, and even video security systems which became my specialty. All of which provide a firm foundation for any future IT Technician/Systems Administrator position. My critical thinking, people-centric nature, and compassion have afforded me excellent customer service skills.

I am excited to contribute my talents and proficiency in collaboration toward your team efforts. As an engaging communicator with a proven track record in team leadership, my focus on building strong professional relationships has been a beneficial asset throughout my career.

My previous experience working as Lead IT Support Technician for Midwest Petroleum, gave me a very diverse technical skillset. I have an excellent track record in Project Management and site security. My expertise in general IT support roles throughout my career make me a great addition to your team.
Please review my enclosed resume for a more in-depth illustration of my work history and accomplishments. I would appreciate the opportunity to interview at your earliest convenience. I'm eager to discuss how my personality and background fit the IT Technician/Systems Administrator role I’m applying for.

Thank you for your time and consideration of my candidacy.

Patrick A. Gabbert
1210 Woodland Dr Unit 2, St. Louis MO 631117 314-***-**** adiwdi@r.postjobfree.com

PERSONAL SUMMARY:

IT/Electronics professional with 14+ years of professional experience as a computer technician / IT technician with an emphasis on audio/video surveillance systems, healthcare-related work and HIPAA/PCI compliance as well as administration of Citrix virtual environments. Experienced in computer systems and network technology, electronic design and fabrication, and customer service.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Computer/IT: Citrix Infrastructure Administration and other Virtual/Cloud based technologies, Design/Build PC Systems and Windows-based Servers, Design/Build Networks using Windows 10, Server 2019, Several varieties of Linux, Troubleshoot PC Systems/Servers, Cybersecurity methodology and implementation, Maintain and support all manner of computer/network hardware.

Networking: DNS/DHCP, TCP/IP, Ping Tests, Trace Routes, Browser troubleshooting, Ethernet, WiFi, Routers, Hubs, Switches, Modems, Security.

Business Software/OS Citrix XenServer/Citrix XenDesktop, Hyper-V, Red Hat, Debian, Kali and Ubuntu Linux, All versions of Windows up to and including Windows 10/Server 2019. All versions of Microsoft Office including Office365, Office 2019, Exchange 2019, Active Directory, Group Policy and other Admin Tools, VMware, Various anti-virus and backup suites, Verifone payment systems, Cerner, PACS.

Electronics: AC/DC theory, Circuit analyses, Amplifiers, Analog and digital circuits and systems, Transistor circuits, Transmitters/Receivers, Tuners, Digital Multimeters, Oscilloscopes, Fiber optics, Timers, Microprocessors, Antennas, RF systems, Communications systems, Circuit design and troubleshooting, Optical systems, etc.

WORK HISTORY:

Midwest Petroleum Lead IT Helpdesk Technician July 2019 – Dec 2020

Responsible for the design, construction, troubleshooting and maintenance of network infrastructure and PC systems and servers pertaining to all aspects of a Gas Station / Convenience Store business, which spans over 60 locations in the bi-state area
Design, selection and maintenance of analog and IP security cameras and DVR/NVR systems for station and corporate security
Work directly with all levels of workers in the company from the CEO to gas station attendants to ensure that their technological needs are met through the application of a highly diverse skillset ranging from network administration/systems administration to virtualization/cloud technologies, with a special focus on site security
Well versed in managing Verifone Commander payment systems and associated point of sale systems such as Ruby/Ruby II and peripherals
Ensure that all aspects of our infrastructure and technological makeup meet the highest standards of quality currently available
Maintain a strong focus on positive interpersonal relations and customer satisfaction in all of my work with the company

Midwest Lightworks Owner, Engineer, and Lighting Designer June 2009 – July 2019

Responsible for the design, construction, troubleshooting and maintenance of laser systems used in our shows
I am responsible for all sales, this includes finding new business and informing existing customers of changes/improvements to our services
Work directly with producers/bands/acts in the design of laser shows for productions of all types, from school dances to corporate events to arena concerts, with a strong focus on ensuring that our effects meet the needs of the clients we serve and enhance the show overall
Ensure that all aspects of the show meet the highest standards for safety, in compliance with US gov’t regulations
Maintain a strong focus on positive interpersonal relations and customer satisfaction

TekPartners Inc. Systems Administrator Mar 2015 – Aug 2015

Manage general system administrator tasks on a contract basis for local Insurance Co. Offices
Perform deployments and upgrades of servers, desktop and laptop pcs and associated peripherals
Plan and execute update deployments across the domain
Diagnose and solve network connectivity issues within the domain at the local office level
Manage inventory records of deployed hardware
Maintain a high level of customer service with a strong focus on positive interpersonal relations and customer satisfaction

City of Highland IL Systems Administrator Jan 2015 – Mar 2015

Manage security and system admin tasks for all city functions, Police, Fire, EMS, Utilities, gov’t officials
Perform deployments and upgrades of servers, desktop and laptop pcs and associated peripherals.
Plan and execute update deployments across the domain
Diagnose and solve network connectivity issues within the domain
Manage a Hyper-V environment consisting of the majority of our active servers as virtual machines
Manage backups using Dell AppAssure
Manage inventory records of deployed hardware
Create and maintain a library of disk images for the various types of systems used by the City
Maintain a high level of customer service with a strong focus on positive interpersonal relations and customer satisfaction

Mitek Industries Inc Citrix Administrator Dec 2013 – Dec 2014

Help manage and maintain a global XenDesktop/XenApp environment
Manage XenServers, XenDesktops, and virtual servers within XenServer environment via XenCenter
Utilize Linux commands to execute Citrix functions and diagnose problems
Setup, configure and manage Linux-based XenServers
Manage status of XenDesktops using Desktop Director and Desktop Studio
Manage backups using PHD
Manage inventory records of XenDesktops and associated users, backups
Image and deploy Wyse thin clients
Maintain a high level of customer service with a strong focus on positive interpersonal relations and customer satisfaction

Barnes Jewish Children’ Hospitals (BJC)/Apex IT Contractor 2013-2013

Help plan and execute a complex-wide migration to thin client/VDI infrastructure utilizing both Citrix and VMware virtual environments.
Oversee mass imaging, asset management and deployment of thin clients.
Migrate users to the new systems and demonstrated the differences/advantages of VDI
Provide some general support occasionally as needed, system admin, security admin
Responsible for technical support of systems and software provided to the user

EDUCATION:

ITT Technical Institute, Arnold, MO December 2008
Associate of Applied Science – Computer and Electronics Engineering Technology
Contact this candidate