Jorge Sorondo
Cell: 210-***-**** adixu2@r.postjobfree.com Linkedin

Cloud Engineer AWS/ Openstack / Linux / Containers
● Cloud Engineer with AWS / Openstack/ Containerization experience and proficient in several flavors of Linux including Red Hat, CentOS and Ubuntu.
● Strong grasp of computer security, assorted operating systems, numerous applications and mixed platforms.
Skills Summary
●Knowledge of the Linux kernel and kernel modules (RHEL/CentOS/Ubuntu)
●Deploy, configure and maintain systems, including software installation, update, and core services (Apache/Nginx/SSH/OpenVPN/NFS/IPTABLES/Firewalld/ufw/DNS/DHCP/MySQL)
●Familiarity with open source tools, cloud administration, virtualization technologies, monitoring systems, hardware troubleshoot, tracking, resolution, escalation and routine maintenance with security updates, backups and recovery implementations (AWS /Openstack /Kubernetes /Docker /LXC /KVM)
●Strong technical aptitude and ability to research and solve complex issues independently
●Customer Service, ITIL knowledge, Technical documentation, User training and support
●Languages: Spanish – native, English – fluent, Mandarin – beginner

Work Experience
Cloud Operations Engineer 01/2020 – 08/2020
Mission

● Triage incoming and escalated support requests.
● Leverage Chef to manage desired state configuration.
● Leverage Terraform to provision, update, and maintain infrastructure.
● Leverage CI/CD tools (Gitlab, Jenkins, CodeDeploy) to implement continuous integration into our customers AWS environments.
● Lead major incident calls, investigation, and drive production events to resolution.
● Perform root cause analysis and draft postmortems for customer facing summary of events.
● Drive automation for repetitive tasks to build efficiency and ensure consistent delivery.
● Develop runbooks to increase engineer efficiency.
● Onboard, train, and mentor new engineers.
● Participate in on-call rotation for escalated requests and production events.
● Participate in change management meetings and adhere to change management policies.

OpenStack Operations Engineer 07/2017 – 02/2019
Mirantis Austin, TX

●System Administration on Linux (Ubuntu, CentOS, etc).
●Technical support OpenStack products for customers.
●Test components for cloud applications using Python in case alarm conditions.
●Troubleshooting OpenStack installation and fixing bugs in OpenStack components.
●Participating in public activities: user groups, conferences, company’s blog both in Russia and USA.

IOC Analyst III 02/2017 – 06/2017
Q2Ebanking Austin, TX

●Conduct systems support activities, such as network and server monitoring, troubleshooting, escalation and resolution.
●Perform routine monitoring, administration, repair and maintenance of the products within the managed environments.
●Modify, maintain and update software, such as firmware, drivers, anti-virus and Windows Service Pack updates, performed through a practice of Change Management, Configuration Management and Release Management.
●Maintain Service Delivery to meet customer Service Level requirements which includes Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity planning, data security and recovery, and Production level policies and procedures.
●Prepare and conduct system and programming tests requiring interfacing of hardware and software.
●Create and update existing documentation of processes and procedures in support of administration tasks.

Managed Backup Administrator I 03/2016 – 02/2017
Rackspace, the #1 managed cloud company San Antonio, TX
●Provides basic troubleshooting of backup and restore failures on multiple platforms with varied configurations, while maintaining consistent regular communication with Account Managers, management, and customers.
●Performs data restorations for server, file system and or databases upon customer request, in a calm and controlled fashion while maintaining consistent communication with the customer.
●Organizes regular audits of backup configurations to ensure quality of service.
●Proactively looks to improve and add efficiency to current processes and exercise judgment in the decision-making process in order to provide consistent FANATICAL customer service.

Tier I Service Desk Analyst 03/2013 to 05/2015
AmerisourceBergen Specialty Group Frisco, TX
●Coordinated, diagnosed and provided troubleshooting for technical issues regarding network, servers, desktops and web.
●Followed established processes and procedures (ITIL) to plan, install, test and implement computer system hardware and/or software technologies

Tier I Bilingual Helpdesk Analyst 10/2012 to 02/2013
Compucom Inc Dallas, TX
●Provided support services for employees and clients with technical problems and information technology issues involving desktop, laptop and/or network services from local personnel or employees using remote access, phone or email
●Provided solutions using specific product knowledge, system utilities and operating environment

System Administrator 10/2008 to 01/2012
UNAICC Havana, Cuba
●Install, configuration, administration and maintenance of the following technologies: Windows(XP, Vista, 7, 2003 Server), Linux (Ubuntu, SME Server)
●Services FTP, MAIL, Web Proxy, Windows Domain Controller(Samba), SSH, Jabber, Web Server

System Administrator 08/2002 to 10/2008
CCP Cojímar Havana, Cuba
●Install, configuration, administration and maintenance of the following technologies: Windows (2000, XP, Vista, 2000 Advanced Server, 2003 Server), Linux (Ubuntu, CentOS)
●Services FTP, MAIL, Web Proxy, SSH, Jabber, Active Directory(Windows), Web Server

Education
UCPETP Hector Pineda Zaldívar
B.Ed in Pedagogy Applied to Information Technology 2008-2012
Rackspace Opencloud Academy
Linux System Administration Sept 2015 – Dec 2015
RH124, RH134, MySQL, Apache, Cloud Basics, Rackspace Linux SysAdmin
Rackspace University 2016
RH342(Red Hat Enterprise Linux Diagnostics and Troubleshooting class)
RH254(Red Hat Enterprise Engineer class RHEL 7)

Certifications
CompTIA Network+ Certified 2015-2018
Red Hat Certified System Administrator 2015-2018
KCM100 Kubernetes Certification by Mirantis 2017-2019
Contact this candidate