DAVID S. DANIEL

832-***-****: Business cell
E-mail: adjcc8@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

Information Technology professional with a Bachelors’ Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems.
Over 20 years of hands-on technical experience including 5+ years’ experience as a Team Lead.
VCP5-DCV certified and expects to receive VCP6-DCV certification by January 20, 2020.

TECHNICAL COMPETENCIES

OS: MS Windows Server 2016, 2012, 2008, 2003, 2000, NT, MS Windows 10, 8, 7.

HW: Cisco Blade Servers and enclosures, HP Blade Servers and enclosures, Dell servers, laptops and desktops (HP, Dell, Toshiba, Compaq, Sony, IBM), HP printers, scanners, fax machines, docking stations, Blackberry devices, and other various peripheral devices.

SW: HP EVA Storage systems, HP Left-hand storage, 3PAR, MS Office 2013, 2010, 2007, 2003, 2000, Hyper- V 2008-12, VMware, Microsoft Failover Clustering (CSV), Multiple Remote access tools, HEAT, ITSM, Service Now, Tivoli, Track IT, McAfee 8.7i, Symantec 2003 Firewall and Anti-Virus software, iLO, HP SIM, Symantec Ghost, Comodo Firewall/Anti-Virus, Partition Magic, Virus removal tools.

Other: Technical research, documentation, recommendations on technical matters, excellent customer service, strict attention to details.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

JPMorgan Chase, Houston, TX 09/27/2018 – 08/30/2020
Infrastructure Support SRE
Provided dedicated SRE (Site Reliability Engineering) support.
Solved various issues within the automation stack for server creations within JPMorgan.
Monitored automation scripts for clients’ requests of mass server creations.
Fixed and monitored support escalation issues for JP Morgan Chase.
Worked directly with management to resolve tickets in Fidum, ServiceNow, HPSM, and Vulcan.
Handled global load balance issues within the organization.
Ensured stable and reliable IT infrastructure services and operations.
Provided Tier 1 through Tier 3 (P1-P4) IT infrastructure support for on premise and hybrid cloud environments.
Provided timely response to tickets and appropriate escalation to the GTI Infrastructure Engineering teams.
Maintained the monitoring, analysis, and reporting tools on the automation stack.

Supported and monitored servers, virtual machines and computer applications that were used by the organization.
Applied the configuration changes through the ITSM (IT Services Management System) change control systems following proper ITSM standards.
Managed and processed server and load balancer requests utilizing MyCompute, GTI’s self-service portal for ordering, and status tracking and inventory management.
Managed and processed server orders through Magister, GTI’s orchestration framework automation workflow utility.
Managed asset inventory utilizing Verum, GTI’s technology reference data management tool.
Monitored the server automation process on a daily basis.
Supported network operational issues such as vendor escalations through ServiceNow.
Supported network operational issues such as vendor escalations through HP Service Manager.
Assisted in handling the operations of strict timelines known as Promise Dates to clients.
Mitigated risks, controlled costs, and scheduled adherence for large scale projects.
Supported and maintained remote fulfillment across all the lines of business.
Developed sustainable solutions to handle complex issues with repeatable processes.
Worked in collaboration with the other departmental technology teams.
Created and updated documentation for the team Wiki training site.

City of Houston, Houston, TX 01/07/2013 – 09/27/2018
Central Network Administrator
Server Team Lead of an 8-member team (Lead role for 2 years).
Implemented and setup new VMware 6.5 with vRealize Operations Manager Suite by installing vCenter Server with an external platform services controller and vCenter server. Utilized Cisco UCS platform for the City of Houston's Enterprise VMware virtual environment. All changes presented and approved through CCB.
Upgraded current ESXi 5.0 to 5.5U3. Successful migration of 5.5U3 host to new 6.5 platform applying associated accounts and permissions through Active Directory. All changes presented and approved through CCB.
Implemented new UCCE infrastructure/Cisco call center platform utilizing Cisco B200 M5 blades and 5108 chassis. Complete with firmware updates, service profile creation and ESXi host 6.5 installations. All changes presented and approved through CCB.
Implementation/Administration of LogRhythm Security Intelligence Solution for the City of Houston.
Implementation/Administration of Tenable/ Nessus Security Center Solution for the City of Houston.
Implementation/Administration of Malwarebytes Endpoint Security Solution for the City of Houston.
Responsible for enterprise-wide infrastructure computing service platforms including VMware, Windows Server 2008/2012, Amazon AWS cloud, Linux, and enterprise SAN’s.
Configured and setup new VMware 6.0 and Cisco UCS platform for the City of Houston's Health Department.
Directed infrastructure project for production servers utilizing VMware for city-wide upgrade of the VOIP system.
Installed, built, and configured all purchased UCS hardware for the Voice over IP migration initiative and successfully provided deliverables ahead of schedule.
Managed the setup and configuration of Cisco UCS chassis and HP Platinum C7000 chassis for implementation of CSMART, the city software system for running the Municipal Courts environment.
Structured a project team to execute the development and testing of hardware/software to be utilized by the Courts and successfully provided deliverables ahead of schedule.
Established numerous City of Houston server environments utilizing Cisco B200 M3 blade servers and HP Gen8 ProLiant blade servers.
Led a team of server administrators to establish multiple server environments requested on an escalation status to meet hard deadlines and successfully delivered the equipment for the city’s data center relocation initiative. Successfully provided deliverables ahead of schedule.
Implemented virtual machines running Windows 2012 R2, Windows 2008 R2, and RHEL (Linux) 64Bit.
Supervised server administrators in the day-to-day task of server implementations to ensure the timely delivery of services from all points in the city.

Generated server build/installation and qualification documentation to establish the guideline of a standard server build procedure. Established a written procedure to outline the numerous steps to be performed during a server implementation to minimize errors.
Developed, wrote, and proposed a Windows patch management system for the updating of servers across the various departments for the City of Houston. Wrote the guideline for how the different functions of the patch system were to be carried out. Established a standard outline delivery system and acknowledgment document for the City of Houston to the delivery of the requested service.
Researched and procured the Bill of Materials for the purchase of designated technology systems in the City of Houston. Contacted various vendors for price quoting, equipment research and Statement of Materials to formulate price quotes to obtain purchase order approval.
Managed efforts to consolidate the City of Houston data centers. Led efforts to salvage old material for inventory removal, record current inventory into asset database, and consolidate materials as specified by the asset management department.
Installed hardware and software and troubleshot hardware/software problems. Performed work in support of enterprise server environment including SAN storage administration (3PAR, EVA, and LEFTHAND).
Responsible for new virtual server builds in VMware and Hyper-V in MS clustered environments.
Installed new and/or expanded existing server-based computer systems and software including the installation, configuration, and administration of server OS including Windows Server 2012, 2008, 2003, 2000.
Determined required software and hardware in conjunction with end users.
Troubleshot and resolved software, hardware, and communications equipment problems, served as a resource for server operations, and participated in on-call rotation for 24 hours a day emergency response.
Monitored and evaluated computer network to ensure proper work integration and effectiveness and handled special projects as assigned.
Performed other Central Network Administrator duties as assigned.

Fort Bend Independent School District, Sugar Land, TX 10/15/1995 – 01/07/2013

Senior Systems Engineer (08/27/2007-01/07/2013)
oAdvanced to Senior Systems Engineer role to provide IT expertise for the entire school district’s technology data center. Serviced 70+ facilities district-wide.
oManaged large-scale enterprise migration projects, systems conversions and performance tuning and monitoring of applications/systems. Helped set long-range technical direction and capacity plans.
oMaintained and monitored an environment of 300+ server VM’s and standalone format. Used HP and Cisco UCS branded hardware.
oImplemented and managed HP blade series and physical series server systems running Windows Server 2012, 2008, and 2003.
oImplemented and managed Cisco B-series blade servers and Cisco C- Series rack mount servers running Windows Server 2012, 2008, and 2003.
oResponsible for providing server, application, and administrative support including administering 2008, 2003, 2000 and NT servers (installation, security, and maintenance).
oManaged 3 SAN storage systems and was responsible for data and storage management including backup, restoration, tape rotation and preservation of data across all systems utilizing HP SAN system, tape library and tape drives.
oInstalled, configured, and administered server OS’s including Windows Server 2012, 2008, 2003, and 2000.
oSupported VMware environment (vSphere 5, vSphere 4.1, and vSphere 4 and 3.5).
oBuilt virtual servers via VMware and maintained and troubleshot virtual servers.
oPromoted and demoted domain controllers and set up trust between domains.
oMaintenance, troubleshooting, patching, and updating of HP blade servers, enclosures, and related hardware.
oCreated user accounts in AD and granted access to requested resources including files, folders, and printers.
oGranted remote access to server via RDP, VPN and/or NetMotion for requested clients.

oPerformed file and data migration and project management in an IT environment.
oBuilt and salvaged data center hardware inventory.
oLed implementation of 3Par T400, EVA 8100, and EVA 6000 Fibre Channel SAN systems.
oManaged storage allocation, creation, and expansion of LUN’s.
oCoordinated hardware and SAN OS upgrades/repairs with HP and Cisco technical support team.
oImplemented and managed V-Brick video streaming system.
oCommvault Certified Systems Administrator and Commvault Certified Engineer.
oManaged and deployed Commvault Simpana 9 enterprise backup system.
oManaged and deployed Commvault Simpana 8 enterprise backup system.
oUpgraded Simpana 8 to Simpana 9 backup solution.
oMaintained and managed HP EML E-Series Tape Library system.
oProvided troubleshooting, performance monitoring, and performance tuning on all the above systems.
oImplemented and maintained Windows patch management system.
oAutomated processes, data gathering, and server deployments using server profiles and PowerShell/PowerCLI scripting.
oResponsible for maintaining and providing ongoing support of network connectivity and reliability as well as supporting the campus networks, resolving problems, planning for future changes, and addressing upgrades and replacement of networking equipment.
oPerformed server/network equipment software installations including service packs and critical updates, resolved trouble tickets, and managed accounts and maintained an environment for 250+ servers.
oImplementation of Active Directory and Windows XP rollout.

Network and Microcomputer Analyst (07/15/1998-08/27/2007)
oManaged the migration to a centralized data center.
oManaged Windows 2003, 2000, and NT servers.
oAssisted with Active Directory deployment, server upgrades, and Cisco network equipment upgrades.
oProvided 2nd level support to clients on a variety of PC and peripheral related issues.
oProvided support for all related hardware and software including installations, data migration, and virus removal.
oPerformed software installation, maintenance, support, and configuration of Microsoft and proprietary applications.
oResponsible for migrating from Novell Netware to Windows NT server.
oResponsible for converting the network from token-ring to Ethernet at dedicated campuses.
oObtained Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE) in Windows NT 4.0.
oSupported Blackberry device software and hardware.
oPerformed maintenance, troubleshooting, support, and upgrading of Cisco, HP COMPAQ and Dells computers, laptops, printers, scanners, PC TV cards, projectors, and other accessories as needed.
oResolved user issues related network connectivity to printers, desktops, and IP phones.
oCreated images of desktop through Symantec Ghost for redeployment in the field.
oProvided desktop support for Microsoft Products and proprietary software.
oProvided 1st level technical and software support to end-users.
oUser account maintenance, creation, modification, and deletion using MS Exchange Server Administrator v5.5.
oUser account maintenance, creation, modification, and deletion using MS User Management for Domains v.5.1.
oUnlocked user accounts reset passwords and Purchase Order resets in Rumba Mainframe Display v.6.0.
oTroubleshot minor wireless issues with Blackberry’s and other handheld devices.
oGenerated reports and created, tracked, modified, and closed trouble tickets.
oReset telephone extensions using Definity Site Administrator R1.8.03 and Norstar Manager.

oResponsible for supporting and maintaining computer hardware and software, campus-based Novell Netware servers, as well as LAN and WAN networking equipment.

Microcomputer Desktop Analyst (10/15/1995-07/15/1998)
oArea 3 Team lead of a 6-member team (Lead role for 3 years).
oProvided 1st level technical and software support to end-users.
oServiced and maintained over 800 end-user systems on both NT and Novell networks.
oManaged and administered NT and Novell servers and was responsible for installation, security, and maintenance.
oPrepped servers and loaded all software for LAN systems.
oCoordinated receipt, testing, and implementation of all network software and software patches.
oProvided one-on-one customer and desktop support for over 400 administration users, including Superintendents and Principals.
oEmployed effective communication and interpersonal skills.
oImplemented controlled beta test of Windows 2000.
oSupervised and trained Microcomputer Technicians.
oManaged LAN and WAN.

United States Air Force, Barksdale AFB, LA 09/01/1989 – 08/31/1993
Electronic Warfare Systems Specialist (ECM)
Awarded and maintained a Secret security clearance.
Effectively supervised and managed a shift of 18+ Airmen.
Provided 1st and 2nd level technical and software support to end-users.
Successfully maintained high priority computer test systems during Operation Desert Shield/Storm.
Successful record-keeping of confidential documentation and equipment using a Unix-based networked computer system.
Maintained and repaired various classes of electronic warfare equipment on the B-52G/H Stratofortress Bomber.
Successfully qualified on and passed all Quality Assurance tests.

EDUCATION

Bachelors’ Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, and a minor in Business Administration, University of Houston at Victoria, TX [Sugar Land, TX] (08/2015).

CERTIFICATIONS

VCP5-DCV Certification, Pearson VUE Testing (03/2017).
VCP6-DCV Training, New Horizon Training (In progress with certification expected by 01/20/2020).

ACCOLADES

Honorable Discharge (08/1997).
Secret SCI (Special Compartmented Information) clearance.
Air Force Good Conduct Medal / Air Force Achievement Medal.
Honor Society student for the University of Houston at Victoria, GPA 3.7.
Honor Society student for Houston Community College, GPA 3.9.
Lead server administrator responsible for the server build, maintenance, and hardware configuration on the CSMART project for the City of Houston.
Successfully migrated File Share servers’ data for 14 departments within the City of Houston.
Served several times as a member of a special team designed to resolve high profile server issues.
Selected as special projects administrator for new server builds, support, and installations.
VMware vSphere: Install, Configure, Manage [V6.0].
VMware vSphere: Install, Configure, Manage [V5.5].
VMware vSphere: Install, Configure, Manage [V4.0].

Cisco and HP BladeSystem Administration.
Commvault Administration, Engineering, and Support (version 8).
Contact this candidate