Jon Cotey www.linkedin.com/in/JonCotey
adjmub@r.postjobfree.com 480-***-**** Lorain, OH 44053
CAD Systems Administrator - Software Asset Manager
CAD Systems Administrator/Software Asset Manager/Product Designer/Draftsman with senior-level experience in large-scale design, project management, CAD Standards, multi-discipline coordination, purchasing, cost reduction and completion of high-dollar projects under budget. Well versed in Software Asset Management, vendor contract negotiations, license optimization, software maintenance and training, as well as C-Suite presentations.
CAD Management Software Asset Management CAD and Engineering Software Microsoft Office Suite Vendor Relations CAD to PDM/PLM Integration Autodesk Buzzsaw Autodesk Vault AutoCAD Professional
Career History
Global CAD Systems Administrator III – ITAM Software Asset Manager -- First Solar, Inc. (11/2007 - 07/2020)
Managed a portfolio of 260 different types of software assets as Engineering Application Operations team leader for a global photovoltaic energy company, providing stellar customer service, conducting in-person and virtual support for 1,140 software users in 94 globally distributed teams maintaining >95% SLA.
Successfully managed the contracts and relationships of 95 software vendors. Sourced, tested, purchased, installed, and supported a wide range of Engineering & Enterprise software based on stakeholder needs.
Produced annual savings of ~$1M, eliminating unnecessary software spend by creating a comprehensive, user-friendly SAM system, developing new workflows and license management process to greatly optimize license usage and provide accurate, automated financial analysis reports.
Accomplished risk-mitigation of $400K via network scans, mock-audits and enforcing license compliancy.
Achieved ~$3M in ROI’s for various software license models and license usage monitoring tools.
Initiated enterprise adoption of ITAM methodology leading to implementation of ServiceNow.
Introduced alternative solutions to minimize or eliminate ~$600K of design time, manual calculation, and out-sourced consultant fees.
Experienced in presenting innovative ideas, financial and status reports up to C-Level staff.
Acted as SME with ‘hands-on’ migration of licensing data for ServiceNow SAM implementation project, as well as several other high-dollar projects such as Arena PLM, Autodesk Vault Pro PDM/PLM, Autodesk Fusion Lifecycle PLM, and SolidWorks PDM Workgroup from inception to completion, gathering client needs, leading/scheduling workshops, defining and configuring workflows/preferences.
Configured and administered 22 Network License Managers (FlexLM, HASP, Sentinel, SolidNET, etc.) and deployment servers.
Created and maintained automated routines and CUIs for Autodesk software, as well as CAD libraries and tool palettes to promote copy-smart design technology, concise BOMs, documentation and reduced design times.
Conducted CAD training for MFG and AEC designers on use and functionality.
Authored 100’s of best practice, SOPs and knowledgebase articles.
Supervised 5 interns, 1 full time associate.
CAD Specialist II -- Safeway Corporate Construction and Design (08/2005 – 11/2007)
Created interior/exterior designs for new and remodeled grocery stores, including site plans. Design Lead, Document Control, Draftsman, and QA/QC. Collaborated and served in the role of Subject Matter Expert and supervisor for different projects and multi-discipline teams.
Achieved ~30% reduction in design times, increasing completion of on-time and under budget projects.
Supported Autodesk software installations, upgrades and end user issues.
Organized and conducted CAD training for 19 North American divisions.
Served as SME and administrator for Autodesk Buzzsaw PDM/PLM
Authored CAD standards manuals and best practice SOPs conforming to National CAD Standards.
Created and maintained 2400+ intelligent, dynamic 2D and 3D fixture library blocks and tool palettes.
Created time-saving scripts and Enterprise CUI’s for AutoCAD.
Consulting Engagements
Product Design Consultant -- Truck Works, Inc. (02/2006 – 05/2007)
Introduced and implemented use of AutoCAD and Autodesk Design Review, incorporated file structuring system to greatly reduced design-time and record keeping efforts. Served as Product Designer on several 2D and 3D projects for conversions of grading and heavy earth moving equipment into water, lube, fuel and fire truck bodies.
Trained other designers on the basic to advance use of AutoCAD.
Created and implemented CAD standards specific to company needs.
Product Designer - CAD Mgr. Consultant -- Earth-Tech (12/2004 – 08/2005)
Managed team of 3 CAD operators supporting the 91st Ave. Waste Water Treatment Plant (UP01) Tolleson, AZ. Reported to Sr. PE, producing Architectural, Civil, Mechanical and Structural submittal DWGs and packages to meet project deadlines adhering to contractual agreements with the local and state government in compliance with building codes.
Assisted survey and document control teams to coordinate projects, QA, productivity, and data management.
Managed and maintained redlines and record DWGs.
Enabled company to recoup $20M of erroneous fines by producing a 3D drawing of the entire project, demonstrating code compliance and on-time delivery of project deadlines.
Additional Experience
Mechanical Engineering Consultant - Sr. Product Designer -- Noble Construction, CEI (acquired Interpipe Equipment)
Engineering Manager/Sr. Product Designer -- Interpipe Equipment, LLC
Designed a fleet of armored cash vehicles for the People’s Republic Bank of China.
Designed fire, water, lube, and fuel truck bodies up to 42,000 gallons for construction, mining, DOT, and municipalities. Converted service maintenance bodies, potable water haulers for arctic-based oil refineries including Ice Road trucks as seen on Discovery Channel.
Owner/Architectural Designer -- Gypsy Designs
Education and Professional Development
Architectural Engineering, Mechanical Engineering Morrison Institute of Technology, Morrison, IL
Autodesk University
Certificates
AutoCAD Professional NCS Compliance Drawing Compare Sheet Sets
Utility Company Benefits Autodesk Revit 8.1 Basic Hydraulics Stellar Customer Service Microsoft Office
Awards
Multiple First Solar SPOT and YouShine Awards for going above and beyond achieving project goals and excelling in cost reduction
Safeway accreditation for assisting in 1,000 Store Completion
Affiliations
Autodesk Users Group International (AUGI) – Member & Board of Directors nominee 2006
Autodesk Developers Network – Vault Professional for AEC applications
Autodesk University – 2006 to present
International Association of IT Asset Managers (IAITAM) - Member
Contact this candidate