JOEL VIVAS MENDOZA
Brgy. San Isidro, Lombos Ave.
Sucat, Paranaque, Philippines

Cell #: 095*-***-****
Skype: adlz54@r.postjobfree.com
Email:adlz54@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Sciforma Corporation
Senior Systems and Network Administrator
June 2017 – Present

Responsibilities:

Provisioning the infrastructure resources with Terraform
Ansible procedural approach on configuration and installation of software components
Managed email server operation using AWS SES
AWS SNS implementation, lambda function and policy execution role
Used Cloudwatch logs with metric filters and alarms to keep an eye on the environment
Managed, migrated and maintained several servers hosted on Amazon Web services
Responsible for upgrading databases depending on client request
Routine documentation and continuous improvement of several IT related processes.

Fidelity National Information Services
System Engineer
May 2012 – June 2017

Responsibilities:

Communicate back by emailing to onshore and offshore with a summary of what happening during the shift and needs to be followed up
Clean up all unassigned requests from helpdesk before finishing for the day.
Working with other Infrastructure Engineer to support servers and resolve issues and manage escalations within the agreed SLA
Check server alerts from Tivoli Enterprise Console and Omnibus for any urgent notification and escalate to the next level if needed or fix the issue.
Check the Tivoli enterprise server can communicate to each of the monitoring agents and also if the events are reaching the Tivoli Enterprise console

Joel Mendoza 2

Trend Micro
Cloud Operations Engineer – Information Services Department
April 2011 – April 2012

Incident Management:
Creates, manages, and keeps track of service requests, trouble tickets, and change requests until resolution/closure, via the DCS ticketing system
Analyze, validates, and filters alerts from monitoring systems and converts them to trouble tickets or service requests as necessary
Over 6000+ monitored machines ranging from physical servers, VMs and network devices.
Answers technical queries escalated from Tech Support and customers.

Systems Administration (Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Centos, FreeBSD and Windows)
Installs, supports, and maintains both physical and virtual machines
Experienced Active Directory and DNS.
Applies operating system updates, patches, and configuration changes.
Troubleshoot server issues, analyze system logs and identifies issues within the systems.
User account management using IPA and AD for authentication.

First Advantage Phils. Inc.
Senior Infrastructure Engineer
September 2010 - April 2011

Responsibilities:

Resolve all service requests and incidents within agreed SLA and document configuration and request resolution procedures.
Verify servers regularly for available disk space, memory usage and any warnings or errors
Manages the squid server and Internet Security and Acceleration Server.
Configure and maintain servers, storage, networks, system and backup.
Configure Cisco switch

American Data Exchange (May 2005 – September 2010)
ISO 9001:2000, ISO 27001:2005, ISO 14001:2004, PCI-DSS
System Administrator
Job Summary:
With limited supervision, this role is the primary support person for maintaining the computerized systems and their information technology hardware components within the organization. Being an important member of Network and Systems Team, this person is expected to collaborate with other members of Business Technology Solutions in order to provide information technology environment that is consistent with the goals of AMDATEX and the meets the needs of its employees and clients. Under administrative directions by the Chief Information officer. Major duties and responsibilities are:

Joel Mendoza 3

Support and maintenance more than 200 servers including mail server, dhcp, web server and dns
Implements standard security settings (default account settings, password control, system monitoring, data integrity, data confidentiality, host-based firewall, periodic verification of security settings)
Responsible in server build and configuration of VMware ESX server and client.
Applies network security to prevent intrusions such as firewall, antivirus and proxy
Configuring and troubleshooting network components like Linux router, firewall and switches.
Provides Unix/Linux programming/scripting to correct and modify user’s environment.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Linux and Windows systems administration
Configuration / orchestration tools: Ansible, Terraform
Scripting: Python, BASH
Basic network debugging: DPI of TCP/IP, Load balancers, VLAN, IP sub netting, proxies and firewalls
Analytics, monitoring, and logging: ELK, Zenoss, Nagios
VM, Containers, Event-driven/server-less: VMWare, Docker, AWS Lambda
Servers: Tomcat, PostgreSQL, Postfix services, etc.
Cloud: AWS

EDUCATION
Amable Miguel Aguiluz Computer University, Lipa City Campus
Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering, 1999 – 2004
De La Salle University, Manila
Unix System Administration, March 2008 (short term course)

REFERENCES
Available upon Request
Contact this candidate