Page * of *
PURUSHOTHAMAN.J
Email: adn7e8@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +91-801*******
Obtain Network administrators are responsible for implementing and maintaining IT network systems. The duties usually found in a network administrator resume include diagnosing company network issues, managing hardware inventory, and creating documentation.
SYNOPSIS
1 Year & 2 Month Experience in Systems Administrator & Demon in Education Field
3 Years & 6 Month experience in Automotive Industry.
Effective team member with strong analytical and problem solving skills.
Highly resourceful and can handle technical activities independently. TECHNICAL SKILLS IN NETWORK
Practical experience with computer assembly and disassembly
Experience with computer maintenance
Ability to configure and maintain organizations internal computer network
Management and maintenance of servers, pc’s, routers and switches
Knowledge of troubleshooting hardware devices
Knowledge about Microsoft Server 2003 and Client OS Windows XP.
Knowledge of Basic Skills of Linux.
From Nov 2019 - TATA Class Edge – Chennai as (System Administration & ET-Trainer) ROLES & RESPONSIBILITES:
Setting up new users and giving them access to the Internet.
Monitoring the local area network (LAN) for threats or errors
Develop expertise to train Uses on new technologies
Upgrade Content in Server
Call Logging through Phone & Email
Maintaining Content Availability report
Upgrade systems with new releases and models
Training the Staff’s (In Education field)
Fully support, configure, maintain and upgrade corporate customer’s networks and in house servers ACHIEVEMENTS:
Awarded Best Trainer for staff’s
Page 2 of 2
ACADEMIC DETAILS:
B.E - Electronics & Communication Engineering From Asan Memorial College Of Engineering& Technology, Anna University –2014.
DIPLOMA - Electronics & Communication Engineering from Meenakshi Ammal polytechnic college –2010.
SSLC - St.Josephs’s Higher Secondary School Tamilnadu, –2007. PERSONAL DETAILS:
Date of Birth - 25 -10-1990
Gender - Male
Marital Status - Single
Nationality - Indian
Languages Known - Tamil, English
DECLARATIONS:
I hereby declare that the details furnished above are authentic and true to the best of my knowledge and belief. If selected, I undertake to abide by the rules and regulations of your esteemed organization. Date: Signature
Place: (Purushothaman.J)
Contact this candidate