Summary
Personal Support Assistant
I am currently working at Brown's The Diamond Store as a Systems administrator and Stock control admin. I reside in Kempton Park, Johannesburg. I have 14years working experience and I feel that I am suitably for this position. In my current role at Brown's, I am accustomed to working in a high-pressure environment where accuracy and attention to detail are essential. This role requires confidentiality, loyalty, maturity and great communication skills. I pride myself on my ability to work under pressure and multi-tasks with positive attitude. I believe I am suitably for this position because I am offering versatility office management skills and proficiency in Microsoft office programs, a problem solver who readily adapts to change, works independently and exceeds expectation.
Education
January 2000 – December 2004
Sir Pierre van Ryneveld high school
Johannesburg Matriculated

SUBJECTS
English, Afrikaans, Business economics, Biology, History, Geography
Experience
System Administrator and Stock Audit control at Browns The Diamond Store, Johannesburg

Stock management and analysis, monitoring and Evaluation of all transactions, Follow up on all open credits, open lay buys and open repairs in the stores to ensure that there are no fraudulent transactions. Stock adjustments and correcting factory admin system errors. Ensuring all items sold on SAP are available on the Brown's Point of Sale to ensure that what is physically on shelf corresponding with what is on the system. Removing system access to employees who are no longer employed by the company, and add new workers onto system (Synergic and Bpos (Browns point of sale)
Responsible for two Help desk:
Rose Lala Malema
Aug 2018 – Apr 2019
Contact
Address:
Kempton Park,
Johannesburg.
Phone:
+277********
Email:
adn7vk@r.postjobfree.com
Skill Highlights
LANGUAGES
English

SKILLS
Analytical Skills
Communication Skills
Resilience under pressure
Commercial awareness
Good people skills
Accountability
Microsoft Office Suite
Able to Build Relationships
Time line
2017 - Current
Experience
Senior Administrator at Browns the diamond Store, Johannesburg

As the assistan to the store Manager I quickly became a trusted administrator known for "can-do"attitude,flexibi and high quality work.
Devising and maintaining office systems (e.g.,data,filling,reconcile and report monthly figures to Regional manager.

Communicated effectively with multiple departments and stores. established strong relationships to gain support and effectively achieve results. Assisting consultants invoice paper work,packing of stock while consulting clients
Entrusted to manage office in the absence of the stores manager,Provided timely,courteous and knowledgeable response to information requests, answering calls and liaising with clients

Skilled level in word for Window and Microsoft PowerPoint, intermediate level Knowledge of Microsoft Excel
Earned excellent marks on performance reviews,store evaluations for excellence in areas including Banking,house keeping and all round administration. Ability to learn and master new concepts, posit work ethic and commitment to providing excellent service.
Maintaining and controlling Petty cash
Performing weekly stock takes

Beauty Advisor/Manager at Edgars/Revlon, Johannesburg

Maintain a professional and personal appearance, looked presentable and well-groomed all the times. Capable of applying and wearing the brand makeup very well. Prepared schedules and managed the Beauty department. Hired and trained casual staff members. Attended training for new beauty techniques and products. Maintain trusting relationships with clients and staff. Routinely checked inventory and placed orders for replenishment. Sociable and good at engaging with people, passionate about the brand and beauty. Versatile, target driven, motivated to achieve sales goals, great selling technique.

Beauty Advisor at FOSCHINI/ARAMIS, Johannesburg/Cresta

Advanced knowledge of the Estee lauder product I represented, e.g : knowing the ingredients how and why the ingredients worked, the skin type suitable for the product and how to apply it. I was able to answer queries from customers and through skincare consultations, I was able to promote products best suited for my customer’s needs. Performing mini facials, Attended training for new products weekly stock take sending monthly figures to Area Manager Recommend and educate about fragrances and scents. Passionate about grooming and skincare.
Time line
2013 June – 2017 November

2009 May -2013 June

2007 May – 2009 June
Time line
2006 August – 2007 April

2005 February – 2005 November
Experience
Service Desk consultant at TRUWORTHS, Johannesburg /Kempton park

I possessed strong organization skills excellent problem solving ability. Paid attention to detail and worked well in a team listened and communicated effectively. Work well under pressure. I had advanced knowledge of our stock which I was able to provide a complete shopping experience to all our customers.
Stocked and replenished merchandise when necessary. Received and processed cash, Cheque and credit card payments recommended, selected and helped locate merchandised based on customer needs and desires. Responsibility of cleaning the store to make appearance in an appealing and presentable manner. Recommending and educating about different styles and trends. Handle task of preparing and maintaining sales records on a daily basis. Attending and performing on Scheduled stock takes. Participated in sales training programs to enhance sales skills and developments.

Cashier at PICK AND PAY, Johannesburg/Kempton Park

I had great client services and connected with clients very well. Being present when dealing with great amount of cash
Processed merchants returns and exchange weight item sold by weight in order to determine prices, Request information or assistance using paging system, greeting customers entering establishment.
References
Christine or Andrew
Pick & Pay
011-***-****

Joyce
Truworths
011-***-****

Iris
Aramis/Foschini
083*******/011***-****

Dephney
Buyers from Edgars/Revlon
011***-****

Jeffery
Browns The diamond Store
Available on request
Contact this candidate