Jessica Davis
**** ********* **
West Monroe, Louisiana 71292
318-***-****
adn7q5@r.postjobfree.com

Summary
●With 16 years of experience in a variety of technologies and modalities, I quickly integrate new practices into my working knowledge. Around the world I've become proficient in system administration of workstations and servers on classified and unclassified networks with UNIX and Windows (98, 2000, XP, Vista, 7, 8, & 10). I have a Network + certification as well as UNIX network administration. I crafted and perfected procedures for a new helpdesk. I've quickly repaired 911 networks via DSLAM routers and switches. I've adeptly managed Active Directory and Exchange in an environment of 2,500+ users, basic to executive, for more than 10 years. I thrive on the challenge of troubleshooting and researching. I work well alone and wonderfully with a team.

Education
Some College Coursework Completed in Computer & Information Sciences, April 2021
Colorado Technical University, Colorado Springs, CO

Experience
Tier 2 Helpdesk, September 2018-April 2019
Tech Mahindra, Monroe, LA
●Revitalized failing internal helpdesk. Educated the trainer, managers, technicians on processes that worked. Cleared a backlog of Remedy tickets of over 3,000, along with the other 6 tier 2 techs. Resolved around 40 tickets per day, using Remedy and SNOW (Service Now).
●Reduced new hire down time by changing permissions to user and PC accounts, across 4 different domains using Active Directory or Azure
● Kept critical call centera running by manually pushing or removing software through SCCM when automation failed
●Assisted users with upgrading Win 7 to Win 10.
●Maintained Office 2010, 2016 & O365
●Tracked down network obstacles
●Narrow SharePoint Administration
●Aided users setting up encryption certs to remotely access the domain/network.
●Guided users in setting up email and secure connections on their Android and iOS phones.
●Remotely analyzed BitLocker errors
●Addressed Symantec issues, such as shutting down VPN ability or stopping traffic via the firewall.
●Setup and maintained user connections Skype for Business/Lync
●Managed VMWare, restoring user profiles and sessions

Network Engineer II, March 2017-April 2018
KForce, Monroe, LA
●Monitored DSLAM equipment to ensure management was not shut down, ensuring external customers received internet
●Verified NetCool alarms, phone calls, chats, and emails(Cisco, Adtran, and Juniper routers and switches), troubleshot errors, streamlined tickets, process documents, & bridges/SWATS
●Verified and reduced 5 ticket queues via Remedy BMC & HDRemedy
●MAC turn-ups
●Diagnosed, examined, & transferred necessary tickets for Cisco, Avaya, POTS, & VOIP tier 2 or 3 teams
●Corresponded with & sure
Supported multiple teams simultaneously (via SWATS, emails, and tickets) to quickly restore severe and complex network outages by utilizing NetCool, SecureCRT, command prompt, NNET pages, 3 different types of Remedy (v, HD, and NTM), the SWAT tool, the Outage Notification tool, and other proprietary tools
●Detected & analyzed alarming devices by uncovering information from the last backup, such as the Circuit ID, whether the backup was successful, verifying the type of transmission channel, DS1, DS0, T1, etc. and ensuring the line rate corresponds with the channel type, verifying used ports are physically and administratively up.

Helpdesk Analyst, November 2014-April 2015
TEK Systems, Monroe, LA
●Support provided for around 90 applications, many proprietary
●Managed 50-80 calls and/or chats per day, uncovered & devised resolution the first customer contact 90+%, stregnthening CenturyLink's workforce, equipping staff to support all customers

In-house technician, December 2010-June 2011
HiTech Computers, Ruston, LA
●Processed local & remote software installs on personal and corporate PCs
●Isolated and terminated viruses, malware, spyware, and rootkits
●Troubleshot and repaired or replaced faulty hardware within PCs and laptops (including servers)

Helpdesk Analyst, December 2008-June 2009
Axom Technologies, Ft Meade, MD
●Facilitated & maximized remote end user support for Naval Command in Kunia, Hawaii from Ft Meade, MD while strengthening IT service levels based on mission needs and SLAs
●Coordinated tier 1 troubleshooting of PKI, Office, IE, Firefox, & Windows 2000 and XP
●Created, deleted, and made permission changes to accounts

Tier 2 Team Lead, May 2006-August 2008
Eagle Alliance, Annapolis Junction, MD
●Began as a tier 1 tech and worked my way through each step to Tier 2 team lead, Unifying my techs in problem and ticket resolution
●Supported UNIX and Windows users and their accounts, account creation, deletion, permission changes, software installation and break/fix, profile problem resolution, and print services
●Facilitated modification of distribution lists, aliases, and security groups, using Exchange and AD

CTM3, July 2002-November 2005
USN, Kunia, HI
●Conducted Windows & UNIX support to large environments (WANs with over 2,500 users)
●Maintained software and hardware, Tier 1 and Tier II, support to the operational mission critical systems
●Rapidly produced resolutions to critical incidents, corresponding with and assisting high ranking officers and executives
●Troubleshot Dell, 2000/NT/XP and SUN Solaris 2.8 servers to support the mission
●Scanned media for correct classification and ensured no classified material left the SCIF
●Provided system administration to NSANet, Intelink, SIPRNet, and NIPRNet networks, servers, PCs, and users.
●Served as the watch TPO (Training Petty Officer), Facilitated and established new continued education requirements by scheduled CBTs/courses, which prepared accomplished techs for technologies related to our positions
●Supervised and trained personnel for 2 sections of the watch floor
●Designed, implemented, & utilized SOPs for the network systems
Contact this candidate