Sofia Kumar
**** **** ******** ******, ******, FL 32703 USA

* + 407-***-****

ado1rc@r.postjobfree.com

www.linkedin.com/in/sofia-kumar

Highly accomplished, self-driven and motivated Chief Financial Officer, Board of Director Executive, ESOP Administrator and Trustee with more than 10+ years’ experience in accounting and finance. Proven excellence in strategic planning, implementing, and building financial health for the organization, investors, and shareholders. Demonstrated ability to streamline business operations, develop and implement internal controls and processes, and flourish in a fast-paced and deadline-driven environment. Possesses solid leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills with all levels of staff, management, and external parties. Advanced knowledge and expertise in ESOP administration, long term liability planning, and plan design.
Areas of Expertise and Capabilities
Multi-Entity Corporate Finance, Taxation
P&L Management
GAAP Best Practices, Policies, and Procedures
Advanced knowledge of financial reporting, analysis, forecasting, budgeting, and strategies
Outstanding presentation, reporting and communication skills and managing external relations.

Auditing, Due Diligence, Internal Controls
Treasury, Cash Management
ESOP Specialist, Trustee, Administrator
Advanced knowledge of ESOP, 401K, ERISA
Individual and Team Performance Management
Policy Development and Implantation.
Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, HR

Technical Proficiencies
Technologies: Great Plains, SAP, BNA, Infinium, Quick Books, Buildium, Peachtree, Yardi, PeopleSoft, AS400, Power 8
Tools/Software: Microsoft Office Suite, Advanced skills in Excel, Access, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word.

Professional Experience
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER / SOUTHEAST POWER SYSTEMS, INC. 2013 – CURRENT
Key Accomplishments:
Reduced expenses $500K+ annually, by spearheading change management within the organization to gain support for shift toward fiscal accountability in the sales group by introducing individual budgets for sales staff.

Responsible for all necessary audit work papers for the corporation's yearly audits. Have completed over 20 perfect audits.

Spearheaded and implemented an extensive multi-year long term repurchase liability and sustainability study which pioneered new strategies in ESOP repurchase obligation planning.

Improved cash flow and working capital management processes, raised debt and financing as needed.

Designed and rolled out new accounting procedures, cutting down close cycle timeframe by half.

Restructured treasury

Developed organization prospects by studying economic trends and revenue opportunities, projecting acquisition and expansion prospects, analyzing organization operations, identifying opportunities for improvement, cost reduction, and systems enhancement, accumulating capital to fund expansion.

Developed the corporate and program budgets through consultation with the President/Chief Executive Officer and department directors.

SENIOR STAFF ACCOUNTANT / CREATIVE FINANCIAL STAFFING 2009 – 2013
(DISNEY WORLDWIDE, LESEA BROADCASTING, TOWNE AIR FREIGHT, STERLING GROUP)

Performed multiple positions and duties simultaneously including payables, receivables, treasury management, and general ledger accounting.

Developed and implemented new accounting procedures and practices within the department to increase efficiency.

Reconciled and balanced all old and current receivables and payables that had been incorrect for many years.

Analyzed projects, cost accounting, and prepared capitalization of fixed assets in accordance with GAAP.

Prepared monthly and quarterly financials and external financial statements for shareholders.

FINANCIAL ANALYSIS AND ACCOUNTANT / WOODWIND & BRASSWIND / GUITAR CENTER 2003 – 2009

Prepared and analyzed financial statements for variances against budget for further research, follow-up, and accuracy.

Prepared monthly schedules and reporting to the parent company including sales reporting and forecasting.

Involved in the annual budget process including working with other departments, creating, and finalizing the budget.

Successfully guided the company through an acquisition and merger.
Education, Certifications, and Awards

M.S. – Accounting and Finance – Keller School of Management, 2013
B.S. – Business Administrator in Accounting – Trine (formally Tri-State) University, 2009
Co-Presenter and Speaker – New South Chapter of The ESOP Foundation - 2020
Treasurer and Secretary – Southeast Power Systems, Inc. Board of Directors – 2015 - Current
ESOP Trustee and Fiduciary – Southeast Power Systems, Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan – 2015 – Current
Corporate Presidential Chairman’s Award – Southeast Power Systems, Inc. – 2016

Professional Affiliations

American Institute of CPA’s (AICPA)
National Center of Employee Ownership (NCEO)
The ESOP Association

References

Available Upon Request
Contact this candidate