Titilayo C Oyatunde
IT Support Email: adoby5@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: (281) 541 – 4142 Conroe, Texas 77385
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Technical and logical thought process, highly motivated and productive in team works, an ability to stick to deadlines. Proven customer service abilities by developing a solid rapport with customers through understanding their needs. An ability to priorities and delegate duties. Employ strong leadership techniques to generate an accomplishment-driven workplace, resulting in employee loyalty, corporate success, and customer satisfaction. A knee eye for detail.
TECHNOLOGY SUMMARY
Systems: Physical and Logical Security, Network Standard and Protocols, Windows 7/8/10, Mac Os X, iOS, DNS and DHCP, Network, IPS/IDS intrusion Prevention System and Intrusion Detection System.
Hardware: Disassemble and Reassemble desktop PCs, RAM, Hard Drives, Motherboard, Network Interface Card, and Processors.
Software: Microsoft Firewalls, identify types of Malware, Abode Acrobat XI Professional, Scripting with Visual Basic, Classless IP Addressing.
KEY SKILLS
Setup and configure computer hardware, software, systems, networks, printers, and scanners
Diagnose, repair, prioritize, and display problem-solving skills when troubleshooting technical issues
Virus and malware mitigation, cleaning infected computers and implementation of Encryptions
Cloud Platform Support to include Microsoft Intune, Azure, Office 365, and Google Cloud Applications
Install and implement wireless networks, and various topologies

EDUCATION
Information Technology Systems Administrator MyComputerCareer Graduation Date
Certifications Earned:
Security and Administrative Program June 26,2021
Lone Star College- Montgomery (Associates of Arts) May 2020
Obafemi Awolowo University Ile – Ife Nigeria (Bachelor of Arts) June 2004
HONORS &ACTIVITIES
National Youth service Corps certificate. Nigeria 2005
National Adult Literacy Certificate. Nigeria 2005
University Campus Journalist Certificate. Nigeria 2004
Officer of the month 2021
Pathways Personal Development Program 2021

EMLOYMENT/ EXPERIENCE
Correction Officer ( Joe Corley Processing Center) June 2019 till date
Ensure that detainees’ safety and security
Write reports on my activities daily
De escalate confrontations when they arise
Psychiatrics Nursing Assistant ( Wellpath Recovery Solutions) Jan 2019 -Jan 2021
Keeping records of patient’s information
Good working relationship with medical team
Ensure that patients are clean by bathing, grooming, and dressing
School Manager/ Instructure (Kayus Academy) Nigeria 01/08/2018 -10/20/18
Influence individual and groups to achieve goals
Provide exceptional services for clients
Excellent time management
Receptionist ( Kings Park College) Nigeria 05/01/2016 – 12/15/2017
Schedule clients and customers to meet with personnel for meeting
Respond to incoming calls and Emails
Contact this candidate