Aneesh Soman
System Admin (WMS Admin)
PROFILE
I am Aneesh Soman, possess a detailed work experience in job as desired by your firm and my work experience extends to a period of long 11 years with various Indian and abroad companies across the globe. Before elaborating my working experience, I would like to share my educational qualifications with your esteemed office. I have passed in the level of College Graduation (Bachelor of Arts – Sociology) in the year of 2020. In the year 2004, I pursued technical education (Computer Engineering) from JDT Islam Polytechnic affiliated to Kerala Technical Education followed by Master Diploma in Computer Networking from a Government of India affiliated institute in year 2005. As a Diploma holder in Computer Engineering, my initial years after college days, I was employed as IT supporting staff at various firms as mentioned below. During this period, I came across the System Administration procedure as part of my job. Gradually I got exposure in administration and troubleshooting which indeed helped to look after the System administration works in my succeeding engagements with other firms abroad. PERSONAL DETAILS
Email address
adp3jt@r.postjobfree.com
Telephone number
+918*********
Address
Ezhiyathu Kizhakkathil, Mayyanad
P.O
Postal code
691303
City/Town
Kollam
Date of birth
15-05-1983
Place of birth
Kollam
Gender
Male
Nationality
Indian
WORK EXPERIENCE
System Administrator
Kainscribes Pvt Ltd, Kochi
Jul 2005 - Jan 2006
Purchase of IT devices locally, Administrate systems and networks. Backing up of data regularly, Data security & Troubleshooting Hardware and Software
IT Sales & Support
Santech Infosystems and Services Pvt Ltd, Chennai
Aug 2006 - Jun 2007
Purchase of computers, laptops, computer spare parts, printers, scanners, photocopy machines, devices using for internet and networking and other tools using for networking locally. Sale and install the devices to clients. And give support for the machines in contract basis.
Doing the periodic maintenance of Systems and related Machines in some government and private sector offices.
Marital status
Single
IT Systems Sales, Support & Administration
Shati Al Bustan LLC, Muscat, Oman
Jul 2007 - Sep 2010
SKILLS
Microsoft Dynamics GP WMS
System, Windows 7,8,10,11, Windows
2000/2003/2008,2012,2017 server,
Linux Ubuntu, Red Hat installation
and configuration.
Domain Controller installation. Install
& Configure WDS Server. Install &
Configure WSUS Server. Install &
Configure Windows Print Server.
Install & Configure Distributed File
System. Install & Configure Windows
Server Backup. Install & Configure
Microsoft Hyper-V.
Adobe Photoshop, Macromedia Flash
Active Directory Table. DHCP/DNS.
Ethernet and Firewall. Technical help
desk experience. Proficiency in TCP/IP
protocols. Document management.
Network configuration and support.
CPU, RAM and hard drive
performance testing. Data connectivity.
Web content filtering.
System check and troubleshooting.
Virus and Spyware removal. Hardware
Management. Installation and
Configuration of Networking Devices
and monitor. Data Backup and
Recovery. Installation of System
software User Administration.
Update system as soon as new version
of OS and application software comes
out. Install all computer related
equipment. Ability to critique and
understand vast amount of data.
Establishing effective operating
policies, lean initiatives and processes.
Comprehensive understanding &
experience of purchasing strategies and
also inventory management. Regularly
achieving cost saving targets.
Resourceful and well organized.
Extensive knowledge of purchase
order systems and related software.
Deep understanding of the principles
of vendor management. Ability to
manage multiple priorities. Excellent
analytical, critical thinking, and
strategic skills. Knowledge of SAP.
Result oriented. Leadership and
influencing skills. Communication and
interpersonal relations. Developing and
managing a procurement department.
Positive, confident and friendly
demeanor with high level of integrity.
Handling critical issues. Attention to
detail. Problem solving. Capable of
making important and strategic
decisions. Confident in presenting to
decision makers in both private and
public organizations.
Purchase of Computers, Servers, Laptops, Printers, Plotters, Scanners and Copiers, Networking devices like routers, hubs, and networking tools locally and internationally.
Sales, support and maintenance of systems and machines, Install and configure Networks.
Provide the support for POS machines, systems and other network software systems of some reputed supermarkets, companies, jewelries, schools etc.
System Administrator
Goo Brothers Electrical Engineering Sdn Bhd, Seria, Brunei Darussalam Sep 2010 - Jul 2016
Manage and monitor Networks, Networking devices, Systems, Servers, Printers, CCTV, Backup devices, Mail servers and Xerox machines. Handling the WMS system in MICROSOFT DYNAMICS GP used for the Project Management, Inventory and manage the assets & services. Give training to other staffs in the DYNAMICS GP systems for Planning, Scheduling, Implementation of work, Preparing Work completion reports.
Troubleshooting of DYNAMICS GP system when some errors occurring. Customization of DYNAMICS GP system.
Monitor and backup data regularly and setup weekly backup Verify all peripherals are working properly. Monitor system performance.
Monitoring the local area network (LAN) for threats or errors. Monitoring the internet connection for security risks. Operating the firewall for the organization. Managing and maintaining the file servers.
Purchase of Electrical, Civil construction, Plumbing, Mechanical parts, Safety Equipment, Office assets, Tools and Equipment, Vehicles and machine locally and internationally.
Monitor material stock and order as per work site requirements. Maintained and reviewed computerized records of items purchased and costs associated with purchases.
Planning, Coordination and monitoring of Logistics operations such as warehousing, inventory, transportation, and supply chain processes. Monitor the office asset management system
System Administrator
Adabena Sdn Bhd, Bandar Seri Begawan, Brunei Darussalam Oct 2019 - Dec 2021
Manage all Systems and Network in the Entire company group. Troubleshooting of Systems and Servers.
Daily Data backup.
Use UBS system for Project management and Inventory. Generate Work Orders for maintenance works according to the schedule.
Place work order and monitor the work status. Update the system according to the work completion.
Invoicing of completed works.
Make monthly reports of completed works.
LANGUAGES
English
Highly proficient in speaking and in
writing
Malayalam
Native
Hindi
Native
Tamil
Highly proficient in speaking and in
writing
Arabic
Good working knowledge
Malay
Working knowledge
Make report of monthly scheduled work in WMS system. Inventory management of Civil & Electrical materials and equipment. Record all tools and equipment and the license, manage the records of the tested tools and machines.
Monitor and Audit Stock.
STUDIES AND CERTIFICATES
High School
High School Mayyanad, Kollam, India
Jun 1997 - Mar 1998
Pre Degree - Mathematics
Sree Narayana College, Kollam, Kollam, India
Jun 1998 - Mar 2000
Diploma in Computer Engineering
JDT Islam Polytechnic College, Calicut, India
Jun 2001 - Mar 2004
Website Design & Animation
Arena Multimedia, Calicut, India
Aug 2003 - Mar 2004
Master Diploma in Computer Hardware and Networking SISI Training Centre, Chennai, India
Jun 2004 - Mar 2005
Bachelor of Arts/Science/Commerce - Sociology
AISECT University, Bhopal, India
Jun 2017 - Mar 2020
DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that the above particulars of facts and information stated are correct to the best of my belief and knowledge.
Place: Brunei ANEESH SOMAN
Date: 01-02-2022
Contact this candidate