DAVID BOWERS
West Berlin, NJ ***** 856-***-**** adrvp5@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
●Retains knowledge from communication school and utilizes it to complete and exceed military occupation while at drill.
●Leads other marines when given a task from senior leaders in a precise and efficient way.
●Completed multiple courses pertaining military and civilian world skill development and education such as Leading Marines, Risk Management, Cyber Awareness Training, and Record Management courses.
●Well-rounded Database Administrator with a year of expertise and extensive knowledge of Windows systems. Willing to learn, grow, and further education. Excellent communicator with advanced presentation creation and delivery skills.
●Hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong organizational skills eager to secure entry-level Data Systems Administrator position. Ready to help team achieve company goals.
●Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals.
Skills
●Implementing security measures
●Microsoft .NET framework
●Systems administration
●Self-Motivated
●Active Directory Domain Services
●DNS
●Training and Development
●Microsoft Server
●Motivated
●VMware
●Meticulous
●Leader
Work History
Data Systems Administrator Mar 2021 - Current
Department Of Defense
●Administered, supported and monitored databases by proactively resolving database issues and maintaining servers.
●Tested programs and databases to identify issues and make necessary modifications.
●Set up and controlled user profiles and access levels for each database segment to protect important data.
●Modified existing databases to meet unique needs and goals determined during initial evaluation and planning process.
●Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
●Completed the installation, configuring and management of cyber network systems in both stand alone and client-server environments.
●Support a myriad of computer and Network Operating Systems (NOS) to include versions of Linux, Microsoft, and Unix, to enable command and control. Typical duties include active directory administration, Domain Name Service (DNS) Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), Warfighting Systems, Database administration and Unified Communications.
●Familiar with command line interface and tools (CLI), performance monitoring, client/server configuration, voice and video services, storage administration, virtualization, collaborative tools, and troubleshooting of hardware/software.
●Maintained accountability of all network classified material.
●Maintained accountability of over 600 network items and end devices, totaling more than $1.65 million dollars.
●Executed the integration of multiple information systems to include Data Distribution System-Replacement/ Modular (DDS-R/M), in a network environment.
Marine Corps Reservist Nov 2021 - Current
Department Of Defense
●Remained current with training and sought new training opportunities to further personal growth.
●Displayed exemplary personal and professional appearance, attracting local populace to inquire about military experience and opportunities.
●Participated in community events representing U.S. military and recruited interested parties.
●Retain military standards within personal life.
●Gathers accountability for senior leaders of peers and fellow marines.
COVID-19 Tester Jan 2022 - Mar 2022
TopLab Milburn, NJ
●Handled and stored potentially contaminated nasal, oral and blood samples to prevent compromise.
●Reported positive and negative response cases according to established protocols and reporting mandates.
●Administered and interpreted infrared temperature scans, blood samples and surveys.
●Assessed vitals while adhering to PPE requirements and other restrictions.
Lifeguard May 2018 - Nov 2019
Sahara Sam's Oasis West Berlin, NJ
●Learned and maintained proficiency in first responder skills such as First Aid and CPR to offer individuals in distress optimal support.
●Observed recreational users to detect safety concerns and prevent ongoing violations.
●Maintained rescue equipment by conducting inspections and completing basic repairs.
●Detailed safety rules and procedures regarding activities to customers and guests.
●Scrutinized pool deck area to prevent possible injuries or fatalities, minimizing emergent situations.
High School Diploma Jun 2018
Overbrook Senior High School Pine Hill, NJ
Certifications
●CY20 Data Systems Administrator Course -11/04/21
●USMC Cyber Awareness Training - 10/01/2021
●Uncle Sam's OPSEC - 01/07/2022
●Risk Management for Small Unit Leaders - 01/07/2022
●Leading Marines Distance Education Program - 10/14/2021
●CY22 Basic Communications Course -7/27/21
Military Service Nov 2021
Twentynine Palms, CA
Branch: United States Marine Corps
Rank: E-3 Lance Corporal
Completed communications school as a Data Systems Administrator, stating proficiency in Military Occupational Specialty, and the following:
●DNS
●Microsoft Server and Software
●VMware
●VoIP
●Telephony
●Active Directory Domain Services
Contact this candidate