Contact
adsjb5@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/tasweer-
hayat-56aa16233 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Help Desk Support
LAN-WAN
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Certifications
AWS Certified Solutions Architect -
Associate
Cisco Certified Network Associate
A+
AWS Certified Developer - Associate
Microsoft Certified Systems
Engineer: Security (MCSE)
Tasweer Hayat
AWS Solution Architect/AWS DevOp and Network Administrator Los Angeles
Summary
Experienced Professional with 10 + years of experience in the I.T. industry ranging from Network Administration to Windows device management and troubleshooting, including Windows Server, Windows Workstation, TCP/IP, DNS Server, DHCP, MS Exchange Server.
Self-motivated and dedicated AWS Solutions Architect / Developer associates Engineer with 2+ years of experience in AWS Cloud Services. An innovative, dynamic, resilient, and self-organized professional, seeking to use AWS /Network Administration knowledge and hands-on experience to drive strategic transformation of clients' IT infrastructure, operations, and applications.
Experienced in AWS Services: Like IAM, CLI, EC2, S3, SQS, SNS, VPC, Route 53, RDS, Cognito, Etc.
Containerization: AWS ECS,Dockers,Fargate
AWS Security: AWS Secret Manager, AWS WAF, AWS Shield, VPC Flow logs, Security Groups, NACLs, AWS Certificate Manager, AWS KMS, ACM
Management and Auditing: AWS CloudWatch, AWS CloudTrail, AWS X-Ray
Cloud Orchestration / Automation: AWS CloudFormation, CICD, AWS Systems Manager, AWS SAM, AWS Lambda, AWS API
Gateway,
Network Management: Amazon VPC, CloudFront, Amazon Route53, AWS Transit Gateway, VPC Endpoint, VPC Peering.
Application Delivery: GitHub, Git
Programming Language: Familiar with Bash scripting, JSON, YAML, Linux servers
Soft Skills: Detail-oriented, Flexible, Ability to learn new skills, Reliable, Team player, Excellent writing, and communication skill. Ability to use the AWS service APIs, AWS CLI, and SDKs to write applications
Page 1 of 2
Experience
Graphic Research Inc
Network Administrator
July 2001 - Present (21 years 1 month)
Los Angeles County, California, United States
Worked as a network administrator for 10 + years, set up all Microsoft-based networks with windows NT Servers 4.0 to windows 2016 server and windows desktop computer from win 95 to win 10, run the whole network including MS Exchange Server, IIS Server, and proprietary based software for company requirement.
configure hardware (Routers, Switches, Wireless setup, Mytel phone systems, Security Camera Systems) and installed and troubleshoot different software in the company environment.
install and manage the AWS cloud Services in the environment. like IAM, S3, EC2, SQS, SNS, etc
Besides, that helps the company management for their day-to-day operation for their sales and production depts.
New Com inc
Information Technology Tech Support
January 1997 - November 2000 (3 years 11 months)
Westlake Village, California, United States
Build and test the computer systems for company requirements Test and Fix the computer peripherals like Motherboards, fax modem, cd rom drive, and sound cards.
provide technical support to the business and residential customers, Run the shipping department for their daily shipment with UPS, FedEx, and different trucking companies to ship the product to the customers, also taking care of RMA Dept for the return products.
Education
University of Karachi
Bachelor of Science - BS · (July 1982 - July 1986) Page 2 of 2
Contact this candidate