Qualifications Summary:
Windows Server Engineer/Administrator with over 18 years of experience in the configuration, installation and upgrades of Window servers. Results driven IT leader with versatile and cross-platform experience. Broad IT exposure in all system networks. Innovative thinker and team builder, while thinking outside of the norm to develop the best possible solutions.
Design, Installation and Configuration of a VMware ESXi5 & below environment.
Working knowledge of MS SCCM (System Center Configuration Manager)
Working knowledge of MS Active Directory (Installation, Configuration and Management)
Working knowledge and understanding of desktop imaging process.
Working knowledge of MS Server 2016 and below, Windows Operating System Windows 10 and below.
Working knowledge of SharePoint administration

EDUCATION:
6/81 to 8/84 Lamar University Beaumont TX
Business Administration
CERTIFICATION:
Microsoft Certified System Engineer 4.0
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP), Windows 2000 Professional
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP), Windows 2000 Server
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Operating systems: Microsoft Windows Server 2012 R2 and below, Operating System Windows10 and below.
Software Packages: MS Office635 and below, MS VISIO 2010, VM Ware ESXi5 and below,
VERITAS Backup, IBM Tivoli, Ghost, Internet Explorer, Auto CAD, Malware and Spyware Tools,
Helpdesk (Remedy, Magic & Service Now), Partition Magic, Symantec Endpoint Protection,
Active Directory and Firewall Apps (Checkpoint, Norton & Spy gate)
Mail Server: Microsoft Exchange Server 2010 and below.
Back Office Servers: MS SQL Server 2010 and below
Terminal Servers: MS SCCM (System Center Configuration Manager) MS SMS & IBM Tivoli

EXPERIENCE:
QM Consulting LLC
07/20 to Present (IT Solutions Consultant)
Houston Tx
Monitor production performance of Win 2012 server alarms, back-end processes, mitigate program failures, and work on escalations
Addressing network connectivity and configuration issues
Occasionally Provide 24/7 on-call support after hours
end-user client installations, configurations, updates and migrations through problems
Manage all aspects of the networking platform
Manage all in-house software programs
Manage all in-house hardware
Troubleshoot network & system issues
Monitor active network and server infrastructure
Perform routine preventative maintenance on equipment
Execute sensitive data backup and restoration procedures
Document all technical procedures and user guides

NRG (Savant Solutions & Services)
04/19 to 05/20 (IT Solutions Architect)
Houston Tx
Design and implement solutions for the RPA (Robotic Processing Automation Department).
Comprehend business strategies and requirements and develop necessary designs and plans to ensure UIpath solutions.
Coordinating the setup and maintenance of the RPA infrastructure, to include installation, configuration, patching, and upgrades to both the application and underlying operating system
Monitoring RPA infrastructure operations and capacity planning for the RPA solution infrastructure Installing updates for RPA products, operating systems and other integrated applications
Monitoring all RPA server and desktop environments including the monitoring and escalation of alerts
Monitor production performance of Win 2012 server alarms, back-end processes, mitigate program failures, and work on escalations
Monitoring of the RPA desktop and server environment data clean-up strategy
Addressing network connectivity and configuration issues
Occasionally Provide 24/7 on-call support after hours
Respond to inquiries for support requests from customers and developers and support end-user client installations, configurations, updates and migrations through problems

TLH Global
06/18 to 04/2019 (Remote Windows Systems Administrator)
New York, NY
Provides remote system administration support, system maintenance, and operation of Windows/Citrix workstations.
Resolves desktop problems and service requests such as software installs remotely using tools such as SMS, Remote Desktop Connection, Active Directory, etc.\
Manage and maintain domain group policy objects and OU Structure
Implement and Support the Office 365 cloud
08/17 to 02/18 AIG
(Windows Systems Administrator)
Houston Tx
Upgrade and configure system software that supports GIS infrastructure applications or Asset Management applications per project or operational needs.
Install new / rebuild existing servers and configure hardware, peripherals, services, settings, directories, storage, etc. in accordance with standards and project/operational requirements.
02/17 to 06/17 Procom (TransCanada)
(Field Service Engineer)
Houston Tx
Configured and migrated Windows 10 operating system for the entire network.
Supported Windows 10/7 environment. 1000+ desktops, 1500+ users and image for multiple sites, utilized active directory/group policy to support and secure clients.
Experience in the implementation, administration and configuration of SCCM Enterprise environment.

01/16 to 08/16 Hewlett Packard
(Sr. Windows Systems Engineer)
Houston Tx
Delivers complex server and high-quality products utilizing multiple engineering disciplines for products, systems, software, and solutions based on established engineering principles and in accordance with technology practices and guidelines.
Participates in a project team of other engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to ensure delivery of reliable, cost effective and high-quality solutions for moderately-complex products

04/15 to 10/15 Shipcom Wireless
(Sr. Windows Systems Engineer)
Houston Tx
Implement and maintained a secure Windows server environment in compliance with all VA (Veterans Administration) guidelines.
Build, configure and administer server environment including VMware ESXi5 environment.
Installation, configuration, administration and troubleshooting of 3rd party products

11/14 to 03/15 Hewlett Packard
(Sr. Windows Systems Engineer)
Houston Tx
Installed, configured, troubleshoot, maintained, upgraded and document all aspects of the of the windows 10,000+ server architecture. (Physical & Virtual)
Utilized administrator tools: SA (Server Automation), ILO (Integrated Lights-Out) and RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol) to ensure complete and accurate installation of all servers on the network. (Application, Web, Virtual and SQL).

10/13 to 10/14 American Express Corporation
(IT Systems Administrator)
NEW YORK, NY
Resolved high level infrastructure issues and Level I- III client and desktop issues.
Administer Active Directory user accounts and mailboxes.

12 /11- 08/13 KEANE INC
(System Engineer)

New York, NY
Build, configure and administer server environment including development, production, remote and virtual environments (Windows Server 2008 R2/ Exchange 2010 & VMWARE ESiX5), performing all associated hardware racking, and cabling, configuration and OS maintenance.
Part of the design team who was responsible for the planning and engineering of the organization’s systems infrastructure.

02/11 to 12/11 TIAA-CREF
(Systems Administrator)
New York, NY
Manages asset deployment, specifications, monitoring and tracking from a single system.
Utilizing OSD Imaging software for over 8000+ workstations.
Performed over 100 P2V migrations utilizing VMware ESX/Venter 4.0 with Vmotion.

01/07 to 12/10 SISTERS OF SERENITY INC
(IT Manager/Systems Administrator)
Houston Tx
Managed company current and future data processing needs for office users modifying existing systems, recommend new programs and hardware to meet user needs. Managed company information system including hardware. Assess current and future data processing needs for office users modifying existing systems, writes, installs, recommend new programs and hardware to meet user needs.
\
06/04 t0 12/06 MEDQUIST/PEQ
(Systems Administrator)
Atlanta, Ga
Systems Administrator for technical support operations in high-volume, 24x7 environment, including supervision of 5-member technical support team and coordination of technical issues involving network, hardware, and operating systems(Windows NT/2000 Server, Windows XP and Windows 9x).

03/03 to 06/04 911 CENTER CITY OF ATLANTA POLICE & FIRE DEPT
(Systems Administrator)
Atlanta, GA
Installed and upgrade MS 2003 servers and below.
Implemented Active Directory Group Policies.

01/00 to 03/03 MCCLIER ARCHITECTURE FIRM
(IT Manager)
Atlanta, GA
Supervised an IT department, ensured proper functioning of company's information processing system and makes upgrades as necessary Supervised an IT department, ensured proper functioning of company's information processing system and makes upgrades as necessary. Helped business operations utilize information systems to improve efficiency.

02/96 to 12/99 FORT SAM ARMY BASE
(Systems Administrator)
San Antonio, TX
Creation of user accounts, objects, print queues, group policies and other administrative duties in a Windows NT/2000 Domain/Active Directory and Novell Netware 4.11/5.0 environment.

02/87 to 06/95 UNITED STATES NAVY
(Intelligence Specialist)
Washington DC
Analyzed and briefed Commanding General Officers and senior level management on current intelligence issues and potential threats.

Kevin D. Fontenot
832-***-****
adsmkp@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate