Danial Ritter
Summerville, SC
845-***-****
adt50p@r.postjobfree.com
Profile
Mr. Ritter has over 20 years of experience in the Information Technology industry. He has extensive experience in technical architecture, implementation, administration, training, support and management of IT solutions using industry standard platforms and tools from industry leaders such as Microsoft, Citrix, and VMware.
He has been involved in all stages of projects for numerous clients (i.e. organizations, government, departments, agencies, and companies ranging in size from small to large multi-nationals), often as Senior Systems Administrator or Subject Matter Expert of project teams. He is an accomplished hands-on Sr. Systems Engineer with vision and comprehensive expertise in large enterprise, multi-site and multi-host networked environments. Mr. Ritter possesses a proven track record of innovation, credibility, strong team leadership and excellent communication skills in which when combined with his extensive technical knowledge and strong inter-personal skills, have facilitated effective and efficient delivery of project deliverables.
Active Secret Clearance and Security+ CE Certified
Windows Server NT 4, 2000, 2003, 2008, 2012, 2016
Active Directory, Group Policy, DNS, DHCP, WINS
VMware 5.5/6.0/6.5/6.7 Server Consolidation, Migration, Virtualization and Application Integration
Veeam Backup-Restore and Disaster Recovery 9.5
Citrix XenApp 6.5, XenApp/XenDesktop 7.x, Citrix PVS 7.x
Knowledge of Risk Management Framework, Tenable ACAS, and DISA STIGS
Implementation, Steady State, Change Control, Documentation Professional Experience Summary
GSSC-CGI, Senior Systems Engineer, N. Charleston, SC
GSSC-CGI, Engineering Manager/ISSM, N. Charleston, SC
Accelera Solutions, Systems Engineer III, N. Charleston, SC
IBM Global Technology Services, Citrix VDI SME, Summerville, SC
IBM Global Technology Services, Sr. Systems Administrator Fishkill, NY
Johnson & Johnson, Sr. Systems Administrator, Raritan, NJ
Sungard, Inc. Systems Administrator, Carlstadt, NJ
IBM Global Technology Services, Systems Administrator, Fishkill, NY
Western Union, Systems Administrator, Englewood Cliffs, NJ
Sanofi-Aventis, Network Services Engineer, Bridgewater, NJ
Syncsort Inc. Windows-Exchange Administrator, Woodcliff Lake, NJ
Berkeley College, Certification Instructor, Waldwick, NJ Education:
NY Institute of Technology, New York, N.Y. Accounting Major
Berkeley College Waldwick, N.J. A+ and MCSE Training Training:
Stanly Community College, VCP 6.7 Training, Summerville, SC.
Appsense Professional 3.0 Training, Fort Sam Houston, San Antonio, TX
Appsense Advanced Professional 3.0 Training, North Charleston, SC.
VMware vSphere Fast Track Version 6, Summerville, SC
DISA ACAS Version 5.3 (2016) Cyber Defense Training Cloud, North Charleston, SC.
Risk Management Framework: North Charleston, SC.
Step1: Categorization of the system
Step 2: Selecting security controls
Step 3: Implementing security controls
Step 4: Assessing security controls
Step 5: Authorizing systems
Step 6: Monitor security controls
Current Certifications:
Active Secret Clearance
Comp-TIA Security Plus Certified CE
VMware 6.7 VCP- Data Center Virtualization 2021
VMware Version 6.7 Foundations Certified
VMware Version 6 Foundations Certified
Past Certifications:
Citrix Certified Professional 7.X –Virtualization
Citrix Certified Associate 7.X -Virtualization
Citrix Certified Advanced Administrator, XenApp 6.5
Citrix Certified Associate, XenApp 6.5
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer, NT 4.0
Microsoft Certified Professional
Windows 2000 Server
Windows 2000 Professional
Microsoft Exchange 5.5
Cisco Certified Network Associate
Comp-TIA, Certified A+ Service Technician
Detailed Professional Experience
GSSC-CGI, N. Charleston, SC 01/2020 to 03/2020
Senior Systems Engineer (Full-Time Position)
Perform Verification and Validation to meet verbatim compliance of configuration procedures, technical manual content, test procedures, and other required documents in accordance with the installation and configuring of Microsoft operation systems and application servers. GSSC-CGI, N. Charleston, SC 03/2018 to 05/2019
Engineering Manager/ISSM (Full-Time Position)
Managed a team of nine engineers to design, develop and implement ship board IT systems for multiple projects. Made significant improvements within the engineering department with a relatively new group of engineers by organizing and prioritized tasking to bring most of the projects deliverables back in line with the project schedule. Ensured that team members have the proper monitoring and feedback by continually meeting with each member and provide the supervision needed to produce quality documentation to include, configuration procedures, technical manual content, test procedures, and other required documents in accordance with customer’s guidelines. Mentored and provided guidance to the engineering staff to ensure continued individual growth of the program and Information Technology knowledge. Worked with the Defense Security Service to successfully obtain
(ATO-C) Authorization to Operate-Continuous status for ship board set production and lab environments. Prepared and gathered the necessary information to start the process to create an RMF Package. Accelera Solutions, North Charleston, SC 11/2015 to 3/2018 Systems Engineer III AVHE-Application Virtualization Hosting Environment (Full-Time Position) Create and Deploy Government Standardized Baseline Windows 2008, 2012 and 2016 Server Templates which include the Install of Active Client, Sysmon, Axway Desktop Validator, Encase, Enpass Password Filter, Splunk, VMWare Tools, HBSS, HPSA and SCOM. Documented the process via build documentation to assist and train Junior Engineers in a VMware Virtual environment to meet increasingly growing production needs. Build and Deploy Windows Application Servers for 2 Government Approve Labs to assist and support FUJI and AGFA Application teams. Work with Auditors to validate compliance of server types to meet Government standard requirements. Updated and Deployed monthly Gold Image with updating the OS and the various virtual hosted applications for 19 MAAG sites
Projects include:
The purpose of these projects were to upgrade from XENAPP 6.5 Farms to XENAPP 7.13 in 19 MAAG sites. 54 -Windows 2012 Xendesktop 7.13 Delivery Controllers, created SQL databases 40 -Windows 2012 Migrated and Upgraded DHCP- Citrix 7.13 PVS servers 40 -Windows 2012 File and DFS Servers, created AVHE namespace and replication groups to accommodate group shares to be replicated between 4 MAAG sites and User folder redirection 32- Management and Personalization Appsense Servers which include the buildout and upgrade of SQL databases, configuration files and communication agents and SSL Certificates 2 windows 2012 and 2 windows 2016 Citrix 7.13 Director Servers load balanced via Citrix Netscaler GSLB 2 windows 2012 and 1 windows 2016 RDS, KMS and Citrix 7.13 License servers load balanced via Citrix Netscaler GSLB
IBM, Summerville, SC 04/2013 to 04/2017
Citrix Administrator (Contract Position)
As a subject matter expert on Citrix, VMware and server and desktop, and user virtualization technologies, assisted project team in transitioning IBM’s Virtual Desktop as a Service offering to one of their financial sector clients from development phase to operational/steady state phase. This included assessing the platform’s operational readiness by analyzing its infrastructure’s technical design, deployment and operational processes for compliance with stated requirements, identifying any gaps, then suggesting and implementing remediation steps. Completed other operational readiness tasks, such outlining, planning and completing disaster recovery testing and validation, identifying and deploying missing components, creating or correcting missing or incomplete documents, processes and improper configurations. Technical expertise applied: Citrix XenDesktop, VMware vSphere, Windows Server 2008 R2, SQL Server 2008 R2 Failover Clustering, Mirroring and Replication, Active Directory and Group Policy. IBM, Fishkill, NY 09/2011 to 04/2013
Sr. Systems Administrator (Contract Position)
Provide level three support across enterprise-class information systems to include the maintenance and administration for a multiple Windows 2000/2003/2008 environment encompassing 3800 Servers for Ace Insurance Group and Morgan Stanley. Work closely with Project Managers and various other IT teams to ensure the architecture, implementation, and support of all new and existing equipment are working properly via Change Management. Provide daily support Administering and supporting Active Directory, DNS, Citrix Xenapp6.5, File and Print Services and Customer in house applications. Performed over 300 VM builds, V2V and cloning of virtual machines using the converter utility and veeam.
Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceuticals, Raritan, New Jersey 5/2010 to 9/2011 Sr. Systems Administrator (Contract Position)
Recruited to provide support for two separate and distinct projects, Hardware Life Management Project (HLM) This project concentrated on the Hardware/Software Life Cycle Management for 1200 severs. Servers that were using End of Life (EOL) hardware were rebuilt on new hardware or when applicable, rebuilt as VMware virtual server(s). Servers that were running Microsoft Windows 2000 were rebuilt on new hardware or when applicable, rebuilt as a VMware server. Disaster Recovery Relocation Project (MOPS). This Project focused on the relocation of non Production servers to a secondary Enterprise Level Data Center Configured and Deployed Active directory Domain controllers for 4 active domains to the MOPS facility to support all servers being migrated to the MOPS facility as part of the MOPS project. Performed the migration of 63 (V2V) virtual servers to the MOPS facility as part of MOPS project. Performed the migration of 42 (P2V) physical servers to virtual servers located in the MOPS facility as part of the MOPS project. Conducted the migration of 11 servers located in 4 remote data centers to the Enterprise Data Center. This was part of the DCC project and included the removal and addition of J&J approved applications and utilities, and integration into the J&J network.
Sungard, Carlstadt, New Jersey, 8/2009 to 3/2010
Systems Administrator (Contract Position)
Build windows 2000, 2003 and 2008 Servers as well as ESX 3.5 and Red Hat Linux Servers on primarily HP Servers to customer specifications via Ghost to test disaster recovery scenarios. Assist in restore procedures using Symantec’s Netback and Backup Exec applications with scripted instructions provided by customers. Configure ILO, patch in HBA devices and attach tape devices as needed.
IBM, Fishkill, NY 5/2009 to 12/2009
Systems Administrator (Contract Position)
Maintaining the Anti-Virus and Personal Firewall Infrastructure for IBM’s customers. Design and rollout new product releases of anti-virus into the customer’s infrastructure, prepare product comparisons and roll out a different vendor’s product if selected by the customer. Insuring the compliance of the software version as well as the anti-virus definitions. Work closely with System and Network Administrators, Desktop Support, and Help Desk to ensure policies are being followed and appropriate steps are taken to protect the customer’s infrastructure. Provide 3rd level software support to the support groups and the customer to assist in resolving any non-standard anti-virus issue. Work closely with the Anti-Virus vendors, providing Virus samples to the Anti-Virus vendors for analysis and respond appropriately to the findings as to Root Cause Analysis to determine the cause of the infection and the steps needed to remediate the issue. Western Union, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey 9/2008 to 6/2009 Systems Administrator/Financial (Contract Position) Provide level three support for implementation, management and maintenance of Active Directory, DNS, WINS, DHCP, Exchange 2003 and 2007 and Citrix Presentation Server for 500+ Users and 1200 Windows NT, 2000 and 2003 Servers. Ensure that all information systems and services, such as WSUS Patch Management, Veritas Netbackup, Symantec Endpoint Protection, SAV Corp Anti-Virus are functioning appropriately to support business operations. Responsibilities include installation and provisioning of HP Proliant and Dell Power Edge servers according to company specifications, respond to Ipmonitor alerts to remedy Server issues on a timely fashion. Sanofi-Aventis, Bridgewater, New Jersey 12/2006 to 09/ 2008 Network Services Engineer/Pharmaceuticals (Contract Position) Provide level three support for the implementation, management and maintenance of Active Directory, DNS, WINS, DHCP, Exchange, Group Policy, VMWare and File and Print services for North America consisting of 10,000+ users and 600+ Windows 2000/2003 Servers. Coordinate and collaborate with global and site IT groups to plan, test and implement assigned projects and develop process and procedure documentation. Escalation point for 1st and 2nd level support analysts on day to day help desk issues via HPOV ticketing system. Projects include
Active Directory and Exchange Migrations for over 4500 users via Qwest migration manager. Installed and configured 4 Exchange 2003/2007 servers. Worked with backup and restore team to test and develop the process and procedure of restore and recovery of databases via recovery storage groups. Installed, configured and maintained Microsoft’s auto- booking script for 200+ resource calendars on 9 Exchange Servers. Migrated DHCP scopes and over 400 print queues. Implemented DFS member for software distribution. Syncsort Inc. Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 02/2000 to 05/2006 Systems Administrator/MS Exchange Administrator (Full-Time Position) Provide support and administration for a multiple Windows 2003/2000/NT environment using Terminal Services for the corporate office and four International offices. Responsible for supporting and administering for over 35 Windows Servers and 300 desktops which include monitoring upgrading, patching, repairing and recommending solutions for preventative measures. Ensure that all information systems and services, such as email, ftp, anti-virus, backups, web filtering, spam detection and prevention, and various other servers and services such as file and print Servers are functioning appropriately to support business operations. Projects included Migrations from NT 4 Domains to Windows 2000 and 2003 Active Directory Domains, on to rack mount Servers. Moving FSMO Roles and Root Domain controller over to new hardware. Installed and maintained GFI’s Mail Archiver for Exchange. Upgrades from Exchange 5.5 to Exchange 2000 and 2003 Mail Servers. Installed and configured Windows NT/2000/2003 Servers, both for production and for testing to resolve customer problems for Backup Express Tech Support. Installed and maintained on Microsoft’s Virtual Server the following software packages Intuit Track-it helpdesk system, Ipswich’s WS_FTP Server, Vircom Modusgate spam detection, Surf Control Web filtering system Microsoft Windows Update Service Server. Symantec Corporate Edition Antivirus System. Syncsort Backup Express for Corporate Backups. Installed and maintained SQL 2000 Sever for these software applications. Day to Day responsibilities Install new Desktops and Applications as necessary as well as the re- deployment of replaced Desktops where applicable as to maintain the highest performance possible for every end user. Set up, install, troubleshoot and repair of Computers (PCs/Laptops/Servers), Peripherals Laser/Ink Jet Printers, Scanners, Tape Libraries, and Software as necessary. Configure, maintain & troubleshoot Desktop business applications. Perform preventive maintenance tasks on all PCs/Servers, Peripherals and Software. Berkeley College Waldwick, New Jersey 01/1999 to 06/2000 Certification Instructor for MCSE and A+ Certifications. (Part-Time Position) Prepared students for certification exams by provided hands on and theoretical analysis of computer systems from hardware and software to network design.
Contact this candidate