CURRICULUM VITAE
ELLU VENKAIAH

Phone No : +91-891*******
Email : adtnoc@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective :
Seeking a challenging position in an organization where my professionalism, positive attitude and high communication skills and experience can be utilized to its full potential and to make valuable contribution in your organization.

Educational Qualification:
Class
Board/University
Year
Percentage
Diploma
Diploma of Civil Engineering ( D.C.E ) Govt Polytechnic Gudur
2009-2012
70%
SSC
Board of Secondary Education ( SSC) Vema high school Naidupeta
2008-2009
79%

Certified Qualification :
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP)
Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSA)
Diploma in Business Management (DBM)
Technical Skills :
Well versed MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access, MS PowerPoint
Efficient in Internet and Basic Computer Applications
Operating Systems: Windows 7/10/11
DGPS, GPS, Total Station, Chain Survey, Auto level
WORK EXPERIENCE: 10 years in all types of buildings,irrigation and highway works.
PROFILE -1
Company : Megha Engineering and Infrastructure ltd, Hyderabad.

Project : Kaleswaram Project, Pack-12, Siddipet, Telangana.

Designation : Engineer

Duration : 5 Years 2 Months.

PROFILE -2

Company : Sri mahalakshmi Constructions, Nellore.

Project : All types of Buildings, irrigation & highway works
Designation : Engineer

Duration : 4Years 10 Months

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
Experience,sound ability to complete projects in coordination
With other Departents,Excelent communication skills,including speaking.
Listening,Reading and writing to express thoughts clearly and understand the the thoughts of others.
Superior Knowledge of IS codes.
Outstanding ability to read and interpret technical construction drawings.
Safety and regulatory codes.
Good project and time management skills.
Prepare the steel quantities and bar bending schedule as per drawing.
Strengths :
Have the ability to work under pressure with excellent results.
Positive thinking and Self-motivated
Quick adoptability to any working environment.

Personal Details

Marital Status : Married
Date of Birth : 20/04/1994
Fahers Name : E.Polaiah
Gender : Male
Nationality : Hindu
Languages known : Telugu, English, Hindi
Permanent Address : Gollapalam (V), Graddagunta (P), Ozili (M), Tirupati (DST), AP.

Declaration:
I do hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place : Naidupeta
Date : (E VENKAIAH)
Contact this candidate