David Brown
Marietta, GA *****
adtt9g@r.postjobfree.com
+1-404-***-****
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Senior Systems Administrator
Tip Top Poultry - Marietta, GA
August 2022 to October 2022
Desktop Support and System Administration work both in the plant and in the office.
Junior Systems Administrator
The Home Depot - Atlanta, GA
September 2014 to July 2022
I support 400,000 associates and I am responsible for 12,500 physical and virtual hosts of Windows servers in a SAN/NAS environment administered on Active Directory as well as countless Linux machines running RHEL and CentOS. I use BlueCat IPAM. I use vSphere and vClient daily along with RDP, HP iLO, Dell DRAC and PuTTY SSH to get into and work on servers. I was responsible for checking newly created servers are built and functioning properly and if I didn’t sign off on it the server didn't make it to the live environment until it's fixed until management decided they want the Senior Systems Administrators to perform that duty. I remove and replace physical components of the servers when necessary on the raised Data Center floor as well as control access to the raised floor. I receive escalations from System Engineering and System Administrators regarding work that needs to be physically done in the Data Center.
Help Desk
ARC @ NTT Data @ TXDOT IT Department - Austin, TX
August 2014 to September 2014
My primary role was to provide password resets drive mapping, add printers and provided general IT support for TXDOT employees. My secondary role was to provide some training and team leadership as needed when the normal leads are occupied.
Help Desk
ARC @ NTT Data @ TXDOT IT Department - Austin, TX
May 2014 to June 2014
provided password reset, drive mapping, add printers and provided general IT support for TXDOT employees.
IT Technician
Barcom Technology Solutions - Austin, TX
January 2014 to March 2014
I provided support for multiples business including all Covert Dealerships, and Benny Boyd Dealerships. My normal day to day activities included Exchange administration, Active Directory, general System's Administration duties. I routinely assisted customers with VINSolutions, DealerConnection, and Reynolds and Reynolds.
Reason for Leaving: I was laid off as it's a small company and the Austin office is new and they found out the business demand didn't require three people and I was the newest team member so I was the one that was let go.
Computer Technician
Leif Johnson Ford - Austin, TX
June 2013 to January 2014
I provided IT support for all Leif Johnson locations to include extensive ADP support as well as working on all software, hardware and networking.
Reason for Leaving: Found an opportunity at a company with better pay, better benefits and better advancement opportunities, gave two weeks notice.
Teleservices Representative
Harte-Hanks FedEx.com Account - Austin, TX
May 2012 to May 2013
3
I provided Tech Support for FedEx Ship Manager Application on people's computer and the FedEx.com website. I was a floor support lead for both the FedEx Ship Manager application and the FedEx.com website. My responsibilities when I was on lead is to assist all agents in my queue with their calls as necessary, watch the queue to make sure no one is stuck on a long call needing help and also make sure that people go into the correct Aux codes on time.
Reason for Leaving: I wanted a more technical position, and I wanted to get out of the call center environment, I gave two weeks notice.
Junior System Administrator
HostGator LLC - Austin, TX
February 2012 to May 2012
I provided phone and chat support for a fast growing web hosting company.
Reason for Leaving: Found better position at Harte-Hanks (better work environment) and gave two weeks notice.
Associate Operations Specialist
Kforce Inc. at Home Depot - Austin, TX
November 2011 to February 2012
I provided technical support for Home Depot-Store Associates.
Reason for Leaving: I wanted a permanent position and they cut my hours down to 32 hours per week, so I found the job at HostGator and gave two weeks notice.
Unemployed
Unemployed - Austin, TX
July 2009 to November 2011
I looked for work while living off of unemployment, my savings and my wife's income. I worked around the house.
Client/SMB Technical Support Specialist
Dell Inc - Round Rock, TX
December 2006 to July 2009
I provided technical support to customers of all skill levels whose systems may have any type of hardware, software or networking issues-everything from a hard drive that experienced mechanical failure to Windows file corruption to wireless network connectivity issues. I sell spare parts to customers such as batteries if their battery is out of warranty or more RAM if they want to upgrade their computer. I was ranked 2nd out of 16 people on my September 2008 midyear review.
Reason for Leaving: I was laid off as they had some of the positions go to other states and since my family is here I didn't want to move.
Associate Operations Specialist
The Home Depot - Austin, TX
March 2006 to November 2006
I provided technical support to users of Home Depot's proprietary flooring application and provided IT support for the stores (Any hardware issues they would have I would have resolved such as a bad bar code scanner or networking issues such as the system not communicating with the network).
Reason for Leaving: They were in the process of outsourcing my job to India so I got offered the job at Dell and gave a two week notice.
Contract/Temporary AppleCare Representative I
Volt Technical Resources - Austin, TX
September 2005 to March 2006
I provided technical support to Apple customers seeking help with many Apple products particularly notebook computers, desktops and iPods. While providing technical support to Apple customers I also told customers about products they might be interesting in purchasing and gave them clear concise information why these were the products for them. I used PeopleSoft based databases on a daily basis in order to do my job. I also have excellent people skills since I have to provide technical information in such a way that the general public can understand and follow my directions.
Reason for Leaving: I wanted to find permanent employment so I got offered the job at Home Depot and gave a two week notice.
Asset Coordinator
McCoy's Building Supply Center Corporate Office - San Marcos, TX
May 2005 to September 2005
Part Time Position)
I provided Tier 2 technical support to all McCoy's stores, millworks, and the corporate office. I used Citrix, PCAnywhere and other remote login programs on a daily basis to provide remote administration of PCs.
Provided troubleshooting for POS terminals, lookup terminals, PCs and other devices you'd find in any home improvement center/hardware store such as all types of printers. Performed research on technical problems to figure out a favorable solution. Shipped parts or went on-site as needed. Kept the work area organized.
Reason for Leaving: I wanted to find a full-time employment so I got offered the job at Volt@Apple and gave a two week notice.
Junior Systems Administrator
The Home Depot - Atlanta, GA
September 2014
I support 400,000 associates and I am responsible for 12,500 physical and virtual hosts of Windows servers in a SAN/NAS environment administered on Active Directory as well as countless Linux machines running RHEL and CentOS. I use BlueCat IPAM. I use vSphere and vClient daily along with RDP, HP iLo, Dell DRAC and PuTTY SSH to get into and work on servers. I was responsible for checking newly created servers are built and functioning properly and if I didn’t sign off on it the server didn't make it to the live environment until it's fixed until management decided they want the Senior Systems Administrators to perform that duty. I remove and replace physical components of the servers when necessary on the raised Data Center floor as well as control access to the raised floor. I receive escalations from System Engineering and System Administrators regarding work that needs to be physically done in the Data Center.
Education
Certificate in Computer Information Technology LAN Systems Network Administration
Austin Community College
May 2005
Skills
• Microsoft Windows Server
• Active Directory
• LAN
• PowerShell
• System Administration
• VMWare
• Operating Systems
• Computer Networking
• DNS
• DHCP
• Linux
• Network Support
• Network Administration
• TCP/IP
• Software Troubleshooting
• Disaster Recovery
• Azure
• SQL
• ServiceNow
• Technical Support
• Help Desk
• Remote Access Software
• VPN
• Network Firewalls
• Shell Scripting
• WAN
Additional Information
SPECIAL SKILLS AND ABILITIES:
17 years of IT experience - Exceptional organization - Attention to detail -Accomplished Multi Tasker - Prioritize activities -Work independently with minimal guidance - Work as a member of a team - Exercise good judgment in decision making - Maintain confidential information - Expedite special projects and accomplish work on schedule - Troubleshooting and problem solving - Communicate effectively on the phone - Strong customer service skills - Highly motivated self-starter - Able to understand complex instructions - Able to learn new skills and job duties quickly - LAN Systems Administration
OFFICE EQUIPMENT/SOFTWARE:
Typewriter/Key Board (60 wpm) - Photo Copier - Calculator/Ten Key - Multi-Line Phone System - Fax Machine - Microsoft Office Suite - Unix/Linux - Windows - Windows Server 2003 and 2008 Active Directory Administration - Exchange Administration - Macs - PowerShell - SQL - Navigate Internet/ Intranet
Contact this candidate