Resume

John J Stouder
Email: adtzss@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 770-***-****

Education: Bachelor Business Administration
Chaminade University of Honolulu 1979
GPA 3.72

Veteran: United States Marine Corps

Strengths:
Analytical, problem solver, self-starter, process driven, recommends business process improvements, hardworking, team oriented, quick learner, relationship builder, very good written communication skills (RFI & RFP experience), business process experience, good financial understanding and experience (P&L, Budgeting), proficient with MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint (junior level), overall good team member and easy to work with.

Looking For:
An opportunity to assist a company in achieving their business and financial goals utilizing my varied background and skills. I am interested in full or part time employment.

BACKGROUND:

Broad background in Information Technology and Financial Systems to include development, implementation and operational support. Has held positions ranging from programmer/analyst to Director of Application Development. Has provided leadership in the roles of VP of Finance & Administration and General Manager at the branch level.

Through multiple acquisitions, transitioned to the role of Director of Operations for Contingent Workforce Solutions (CWS). With a background of supporting IT Staffing operations in various capacities including strategic planning, budgeting, financial planning, financial management and administrative services, i.e., Payroll, billing, AR, and cash collections, this was a seamless transition. Used the VMS solution software Econometrix to deliver clients IT staffing managed solutions.

In this role, was responsible for the overall management of all aspects of the CWS for assigned clients. Many with multiple locations. This included overseeing and managing the sub-vendor/ supplier program and its population and the day-to-day operations of requisition/submittal process. Also, overseeing job placement, sub vendor selection and contract negotiations. This role was also responsible for day-to-day troubleshooting, problem resolution, managing the on-going relationships and communications. This role encompasses the strategic design, development, implementation, training, and support of these programs.

Additionally, responsible for maximizing customer satisfaction, maintaining and building new relationships, expectation management and issue/conflict resolution.

The financial and administrative responsibilities included meeting or exceeding growth targets, overall account profitability, implementation, training and administration of software to client and sub-vendor users, reporting and setting performance expectations.

WORK ENVIROMENT/ TECHNICAL TOOLS

IBM: OS/MVS, OS/VSI, IBM 308X
TSO/SPF, CMS
IBM COBOL, ASSEMBLER
COMMAND LEVEL CICS
INTERTEST, EASTREST
VSAM
IBM JCL
IBM UTILITIES
EASTRREV
DYL280
PANVELET
STRUCTURED DESIGN TECHNIQUES USED:
DATA FLOW DIAGRAMS
STRUCTURED ENGLISH
DECISION TABLES
HKIPO CHARTS
TOP-DOWN PROGRAM DEVELOPMENT
STRUCTURED WALKTHROUGH

Econometrix (Managed Staffing Solution Software) i.e. Fieldglass, Beeline

WORK EXPERENCE:

1/2014 - Temporary Retirement
To Present

MANPOWER GROUP

7/2000 - PROGRAM DIRECTOR -
1/2014 Contingent Workforce Solutions (CWS). (Managed Service Provider (MSP))

Responsibilities Included:

Responsible for providing hands-on deployment and implementation of new CWS programs as well as assisting in the overall management and coordination of operations supporting installed and active Contingent Workforce Solutions programs as assigned. This includes assisting in the development, finalizing, revising and on-going continuous improvement of deployed methodology and associated tool, as well as training the Program Manager/Directors with regards to the CWS processes and procedures and working with them to ensure smooth operations and client satisfaction.
Additionally, overseeing and managing the sub-vendor / supplier program and its population and its day-to-day operations. Implementing and managing the requisition process and overseeing job placement, sub vendor selection and contract negotiations, day-to-day troubleshooting and problem resolution, managing the on-going relationships and communication and performing periodic benchmarking of sub-vendor population.
Also, responsible for maximizing customer satisfaction, maintaining and building new relationships, expectation management and issue/conflict resolution.

Financial and administrative responsibilities include meeting and exceeding account growth targets, overall account profitability, implementation, training and administration of software to client and sub-vendor supplier’s users and sub-vendor population, benchmarking and reporting, and quarterly performance reviews. Also accountable for setting performance expectations for and managing department staff priorities and results.

DRACS CONSULTING GROUP, Atlanta, GA

6/1995 - DIRECTOR OF CONSULTING (IT Staffing)
7/2000
Responsibilities Included:

The supervision of efficient, timely and cost effective completion of multiple application/system development projects involving all phases of systems development including systems planning, requirements definition,, analysis, design, construction and their support. The Director of Consulting directs and coordinates a team of consultants who design, develop or modify application and systems software.
Has administrative responsibilities to support and interface with recruiting, marketing, clients, and consultants which include performance appraisals, salary reviews, technical reviews, weekly project status review and other personnel issues.

SPECIFIC DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

1.Work with marketing and recruiting staff to prioritize and schedule resources for project and their support. Ensure complete understanding of project scope and timetables.
2.Delegate and train marketing, recruiting and consulting staff as agreed by management.
3.Analyze and define approved projects, develop detailed project plans and assign projects to consultants. Ensure all assignments are presented in writing to consulting staff which include targeted results, estimated completion dates, resources availability and required technical skills.
4.Evaluate project requirements and develop system and program specifications to provide direction to consultants. This includes file, input, control and conversion requirements and future integration into operating system releases and technology changes in the marketplace.
5.Work with marketing and recruiting rep’s to determine budget allocation and cost associated with each project.
6.Review work in progress of consultants, update project plans, review weekly project status reports and provide periodic status reports to management.
7.Conduct regular meetings to ensure necessary communication between consultants to maintain a consistent level of understanding of client’s overall problems.
8.Provide effective direction, technical and analytical support to consultants to provide a consistent level of understanding of overall project progress.
9.Coordinate tasks of consultants with any outside users and DRACS staff to prevent delays and ensure availability of needed resources.
10.Ensure that a standard systems development methodology is utilized in developing and supporting application systems. Ensure clients standards are utilized by consultants for assignments.
11.Review unit test plans developed by consultants and review test results.
12.Review and approve documentation prepared by consultants to move programs from test to production status.
13.Review user manual documentation and systems control procedures developed by consultants.
14.Apply creative and imaginative thinking to resolve technical and personnel issues with minimum impact to the client or consultant.
15.Contribute to the professional development of all DRACS consultants. Train consultants in effective programming, analysis, design, testing and problem-solving techniques.
16.Assist management of DRACS with system plans, career development, training programs, recruiting and marketing of consultants.
17.Perform as a backup for duties and assume responsibilities defined in DRACS database administrator job description to overcome resource shortages.

WORLDSPAN

5/1992 – MANAGER APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT
6/1995
Responsibilities Included:

Managed the development and implementation of the financial applications in support of the airlines reservation system. Analyzed current procedures and identified areas of improvement and reviewed recommendations with end-user groups. Coordinated the prioritizations of existing user requirements and kept user community informed of change of priority or status.
Developed project plan, formulated staffing and overall budget requirements and controlled project implementation. Coordinated the efforts of the third-party consultants and software vendor. Managed the implementation, operations and ongoing maintenance of the financial applications.

NYNEX BUSINESS INFORMATION SYSTEMS COMPANY (BISC), Atlanta, GA

6/1987 – PROJECT MANAGER, FINANCIALS SYSTEMS
5/1992
Responsibilities Included:

Responsible for the systems design and implementation of packaged financial applications to support the NYNES Business Centers. This included the development of the project plan, formulate the staffing and overall budget requirements, perform and control the project implementation.
Additionally, assure auditability and stability of the applications, assure successful implementation and coordinate efforts with different functional groups.

STAFF DIRECTOR APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT

Responsibilities Included:

Manage the development and implementation of business applications for the BISC organization. Assist in the strategic planning for the Information Systems Department, ensuring that this planning supports the strategic plan of the Business Information Systems organization. Supervise the technical managers and staff, direct these resources to ensure the appropriate business issues are prioritized, planned and implemented as per the strategic direction of BISC. Ensure accurate and timely reporting on project status for appropriate management.
Act as the business conscience of the Information Systems Department and establish end-user rapport and confidence. Will act as the Director of Application Development in his/her absence, assuming full responsibility for this position.

COMPUTER TASK GROUP

7/1986 – PROJECT LEADER
6/1987
Worked as a consultant for Kimberly Clark in their Business Systems Division as a Project Leader for the rewrite / upgrade of their online Price Deviation Rebate System.

Responsibilities Included:

Interfacing with user group to develop systems requirements, produced system structure charts for the current and future system. Designed data flow diagrams and data structure charts for the new system, conducted structured walkthroughs on the proposed system and cost-benefit analysis.

Lead a team of two to five system engineers in the tasks of:

File Restructure
There were four files restructured and three files added to the system

Modification of Batch Programs
Thirty-six batch programs were modified and tested to accommodate the file restructure

Online System Detail Design, Development, Testing and Implementation
The new system was comprised of seventeen new online screens, twenty new or rewritten programs and five new system functions

Responsible for project estimates and reporting project status to management

CONSULTEC INCORPORATED, Atlanta, GA

2/1985 – SENIOR SYSTEMS ANALYST
7/1986
Responsibilities Included:

Designed, developed and implemented the eligibility determination module for both batch and online systems.
Supported the development of the Public Assistance Control Systems developed by CONSULTEC for State Governments.

Additional Responsibilities / Special Projects:

Lead Analyst on system loading and implementation at client sight. Performed online file verification, VSAM to IDMS database conversion, IDMS data dictionary loading, aiding in the database design and the design, development and implementation of other online processes.

GENERAL MOTORS / ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS. Atlanta, GA

8/1984 – SENIOR SYSTEMS ANALYST
2/1985
Responsibilities Included:

Supported the maintenance of the General Motors Property and Casualty Insurance System both batch and online systems. Implemented new and changed procedures to solve analyzed system problems. Interfaced with the users to determine system alternatives which can feasibly address their business functions or problems.

ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS (EDS) Camp Hill, Pa

5/1983- PROJECT LEADER
8/1984
Responsibilities Included:

Worked with Blue Cross / Blue Shield of Atlanta to develop a cost containment system to supplement their Health Care Insurance System. This system is a reporting system controlled by user input files downloaded from the online system. The user selects up to ten different reports at various detail levels depending on the parameters used on the input request.

Responsibilities included overall project design, development and implementation duties along with close management of program design and testing activities performed by the project team (five members). Also coordinated with technical support group on projecting resource usage, scheduling of production time and preparing both operating instructions and production JCL. Interfaced with the user to develop system requirements, coordinate user testing and to communicate project status.

Worked with the Central Support Group responsible for maintaining the daily claims systems for all the Blue / Blue Shield accounts supported by EDS.

4/1981 – SYSTEMS ANALYST
3/1982
Responsibilities Included:

As a member of the payment resolution team, interfaced with the different accounts, determined maintenance and project priority, implemented new and changed procedures, coordinated system testing and reviewed test results.

11/1980 – TEAM LEADER
4/1981
Responsibilities Included:

Supervised team members in analyzing system changes and problems, performed program changes, testing and debugging and implemented the system solution.
Assigned tasks to team personnel and communicated with the accounts on system changes and priorities.

8/1979 - SYSTEMS ANALYST
11/1980
Responsibilities Include:

As a member of the financial reporting team, analyzed system changes and problems, performed program changes, testing and debugging and implemented the system solution.

UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS

8/1971- SECTION CHIEF – E6
7/1979

Responsibilities Included:

The repair and calibration of electronic test equipment and the electronic tracking device for the Dragon Missile System.
Contact this candidate