GARY GONZALEZ
Nesconset, New York ***** 631-***-**** adv2w0@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
I consider myself a driven System Administrator with expertise in technical support and infrastructure developing. I'm a team player and can handle a heavy workload. I'm confident in my abilities and work ethic to be successful.
Skills
Troubleshooting
System setup and configuration
System upgrades
Network Administration
Active Directory
Backups
Work History
IT Systems Administrator 06/2018 to 02/28/2023
Webistix – Holbrook, NY
Provide remote monitoring and management of networks.
Server setup and installs.
Manage Offsite backups.
Manage Firewalls
Monitor networks and network devices to resolve technical problems.
Implement, develop and test installation and update of file servers, print servers and
application servers
Build virtual servers and desktops.
Troubleshoot server, network, application and user related issues
Maintain flexible schedule and respond to after-hours and weekend emergencies.
Inventory control measures to maintain IT equipment, supplies, tools and replacement parts.
Oversee IT activities to maintain operations by maintaining laptops and workstations.
Automate tasks
Active Directory administration/Azure
Email Administration

Systems Administrator 08/2014 to 06/2018
XCEED Group – New York, New York
Maintain and administer computer networks and related computing environments including
computer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations.
Perform data backups and disaster recovery operations.
Diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolve hardware, software or network and system
problems.
Linux support.
Train team members on processes.
Virtual server builds, including P2V's.
VCenter Migrations
This includes planning and testing of applications, installing and configuring security policies, TSM, Mcafee and other company related tools.
Citrix and Systems Administrator 05/1989 to 08/2014
National Grid/CSC – Hicksville, New York
Install Citrix, publish applications, control permissions on servers and applications.
Build test environments for new applications.
VMWare administration and support.
Active Directory administration and support.
Tivoli Systems monitoring of servers and applications.
Build virtual and physical servers, which included racking and cabling or servers, hardware
replacement.
Provide technical support for users.
Project Lead
Review project plans to review and coordinate project activity.
Manage backup and security of systems.
Education
MCSC / CNA / CCNA / A+ Netlan Technologies –
Computer Career Center - Garden City, New York
Contact this candidate