Obed Utomi
254-***-**** adv7yd@r.postjobfree.com

Summary:
A highly skilled and experienced Linux Systems Administrator with a proven track record of success in managing and optimizing systems, website and database management, installation, maintenance, administration, security, troubleshooting, training, and technical support. Experienced in Windows-based systems and technologies with an in-depth understanding of Linux operating systems, middleware services, and networking. A problem-solver with a solution-oriented approach and ability to collaborate with management to achieve defined objectives.

Professional Experience:
Texas Parks and Wildlife, Austin, Texas
Linux System Administrator (2021-present)
Good understanding of user management in Linux and file permissions (setfacl, getfacl).
Knowledge of disk management (fdisk, LVM) and package management.
Hands-on experience in using Redhat satellite for patching servers and Samba, NFS, NTP, and Autofs.
Administration of JBOSS, TOMCAT, NGINX, Apache, and SMTP for mail relay.
Developing and implementing Puppet code for multiple hosts using Puppet agent and ansible(Yaml).
Coordinating and evaluating the installation of fixes and upgrades, and verifying product configurations.
Providing technical support to architects and developers, analyzing performance of the middleware application server product environments, and troubleshooting performance anomalies.
Administering and maintaining the configuration of middleware application server products, providing 7x24 on-call support.
Ensuring product environments comply with security standards, and working with shell scripting languages such as Python, Perl, PHP, TCL, etc.
Managing application configuration, and providing business application startup scripts, shutdown scripts, and cronjobs/services.
Monitoring hardware performance, writing shell scripts and automating the scheduling of jobs through cron.
Analyzing application requirements and their impact on the capacity of server environments, and providing technical advice and support to authorized users.
Managing preventive and remedial maintenance and updates for operating system software and assisting with server performance analysis as required.
Systems administration (UNIX/Linux), with experience in Redhat Linux, Debian, and Solaris based servers
IP Networking, routing, and IP multicast traffic
Kerberos tools
Open Source software installation and configuration
Apache, Nginx, and Tomcat environments
Linux security best practices and forensic techniques
Shell scripting (Python, Perl, PHP, TCL)
Operating system network configuration

At REB Inc., located in North Carolina,
I served as a Linux System Administrator from 2015 to 2019. As a key member of a 10-person team, I was responsible for all aspects of Linux system administration, providing 24/7 support for Unix and services operations in an integrated enterprise IT environment.

My duties included maintaining system patches, configuring servers, optimizing performance, installing packages, upgrading firmware, managing user accounts, handling storage management, and monitoring, maintaining and troubleshooting Red Hat and CentOS Linux servers. I was quick to respond to and resolve system issues and was always seeking ways to improve system performance.

I implemented password aging to enhance user accessibility on Red Hat and Cent OS servers, and created password-less logging for application and user authentication to improve system functionality.

ARC SYSTEMS INC., Baltimore, MD
Linux System Administrator (2013-2015)
Managed and maintained Linux servers, performing tasks such as volume management using LVM, working with network services (TCP/IP, DNS, SFTP, SSH), building servers, and handling configuration management.
Configured NFS/Autofs and implemented Samba for sharing of resources between Windows and Linux environments.
Monitored infrastructure performance, installed and configured server instances and software packages, and maintained project documentation.
Troubleshot and resolved problems to meet client SLAs and managed AWS resources.
Improved efficiency by automating systems using bash shell scripts and enhanced testing capabilities by setting up and configuring VMware ESX server instances for virtual server deployment.
Ensured optimal infrastructure operation through the use of monitoring tools
Education:
B,sc in Finance[University Of Benin], [2010/11]

Certifications:
AWS Certified
Comptia certified and pacing towards RHCSA
Contact this candidate