MAHVISH JAWAD
Staten Island-NY
• adv9gw@r.postjobfree.com • 908-***-****
LINUX ENGINEER

Career Summary

A detail-oriented Linux Engineer with 6 years of experience in deploying, supporting mission-critical environments, as well as provisioning production VMs and bare metal servers. Experience in deploying, configuring and patching software products such as RHEL, CentOS Linux, Ubuntu based environments. Expertise include LVM, RAID, backup software, VMware ESXI Server, NAS, DAS, HPE ProLiant Servers, Dell Server. Strong experience with network protocols, tools, and network services including TCP/IP, UDP, SSH, parallel SSH, FTP, SFTP, DNS, DHCP, SMTP. Working experience with DevOps tools such as Ansible, Ansible Tower, Cloud (AWS), Docker, Kubernetes, Foreman, Nagios, Git, and Gitlab.
Key Competencies
Operating System
RHEL/Centos (6,7,8) Ubuntu, Window server
storage
Logical Volume Management (LVM), RAID, NFS, SAN,
Software Management
RPM,YUM, RedHat Satellite
Networking
NTP, NIC Bonding, SSH, TCP, UDP, FTP, HTTP, DHCP, DNS, LDAP
Virtualization
VMware ESXI, vCenter, vMotion, HA, DRS, Oracle Virtual Box
Servers
Apache, DNS, FTP, PXE, DHCP, NFS
Automation
Ansible, Shell Scripting, PXE boot
Monitoring tool
Nagios, Prometheus
cloud
AWS (EC2, S3, EBS, EFS, IAM, AMI, CloudWatch, CloudFormation)
Version Control
Git and GitLab
Database
MYSQL, Maria DB
DevOps Tools

Docker, Ansible, Git, Kubernetes

Professional Experience

LINUX ENGINEER
Bank of America - NYC, NY

APR 2019 – Present

Installed and configured VMware ESXi 6 & 7 as well as migrated existing servers into VMware Infrastructure through VMware Convertor standalone.
Using vSphere technologies, and vCenter server to automate ESXi host configuration across a large number of hosts and clusters.
Creating templates, clones, snapshots of VMs and adding resources such as CPU, RAM, Network Adapter.
Proactively maintaining the integrity of the system by patching the system.
Responsible for installation and maintenance of, Auto mounts, NFS, FTP, DHCP, DNS, as per the client’s requirement on RedHat Servers.
Configuring, testing, and troubleshooting newly built Linux servers with NIC card configurations and applications that run off TCP/IP stack.
Managing LVM on SAN (LUN), NAS, creating, extending, migrating, mirroring, taking snapshots, and troubleshooting failed LVM.
Responsible for performance monitoring and tuning of Linux servers to troubleshoot bottlenecks to have an efficient system.
Ability to troubleshoot and resolve issues with applications and services hosted on Linux systems.
Day-to-day troubleshooting and supporting end users. Handling all kind of tickets (incident, service request, change request)
Performing task automation using Ansible via playbooks for multiple tasks such as user account management, package management, Logical Volume Management and server kernel patching.
Managing Ansible Tower to allow users to execute tasks and modify inventory when needed, creating projects using git repositories and configuring managed nodes inventory using job templates.
Creating repositories and branches in Git to maintain Ansible playbooks and code infrastructure.
Used Git to store and maintain our source code.
Customizing configuration like package management and application parameters.
Upgrading, migrating Linux server from old Hardware to New Architecture by using blue green deployment strategy.
Working on AWS EC2 Instances creation, installing an application on AWS EC2 instances. Also experience in auto scaling for high availability.
Strong knowledge of data backup solutions
Conducted container-based deployments using Docker and Docker Hub.
Pulling and running Docker images for running containers, creating images from Docker file, and running containers.
Deployed container clusters using Kubernetes, creating pods, namespace and managing volumes. Managing replicas set and implementing self-healing mechanism.
Using different protocols like TCP/IP, DHCP, HTTP/s, FTP, SMTP & SSH while working with different network topologies such as LAN/WAN, firewalls, routing and VPN.
Experience with configuration, usage, troubleshooting Load balancers. (F5, VMware, ELB)
Installed LAMP stack on existing and newly created servers as per the client’s request.
Deployed Nagios Agent on newly built servers and added various system checks.
Create and maintain documentation for procedures, and configurations.
Automating daily task with the help of Bash scripting and Cron jobs.
LINUX SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR
Verizon Media - Bedminster, NJ
MAR 2017 - FEB 2019

Administered Linux Servers (virtual and bare metal) while evaluating industry standard practices to integrate new hardware and software components.
Expertise in Install, Configure, troubleshoot, update and maintain Linux servers in the network per specification of clients with PXE Boot and Red Hat Kickstart.
Created SSH keys to configure password-less access
Configured networking concepts such as NFS, SAMBA, LDAP, SSH, SFTP, SNMP, DNS, DHCP.
Created partitions using fdisk, gdisk utility, managed file systems as well as performed RAID configuration (0, 1, 5, 6, 10) on Linux.
Designed RedHat Satellite infrastructure to better serve hosts with packages.
Replaced server parts with the vendor (hpe).
Responded to the alerts generated by the monitoring tool, performed troubleshooting, and fixed.
Resolved user permission related issues as well as created and managed user and group.
Troubleshooting tickets, incidents, which includes storage, network, system-related issues, system performance, logging, client requests, using Jira.
Configuring NIC bonding with active-backup mode for more mission-critical servers.
Providing information and statistics relevant to system limits on capacity, data storage, system utilization, etc.

LINUX DESKSIDE SUPPORT/ ANALYST
Cable Vision - NYC, NY

APR 2016 – JAN 2017
Handles user tickets and complains and closed tickets on resolution.
Run periodic diagnostic checks, fixed laptops, desktops, and printers, and performed system repair, preventive maintenance.
Experience of managing TCP and UDP protocols and managed files transfer across networks by SCP, SFTP, FTP and rsync utility.
Collaborated with development and other IT teams to provision servers for new projects.
Collaborated with other teams to ensure a smooth Operating System upgrade.
Analysed and suggested hardware upgrades based on EOL older hardware reached.
Alerted the system admins of any potential security issues or newly discovered vulnerabilities.
Resolved network issues by resetting the network switches.
Performed racking and stacking of machines in the server centre.

Education

2012 - Bachelor
University of Gujrat, Pakistan
Contact this candidate