973-***-**** adv9g1@r.postjobfree.com
Linux SYSTEMS EnGinEER
Linux Systems Engineer with 6 years of experience in IT Industry as a support on Red Hat Linux, Application, Hardware and Software. Responsible for troubleshooting Production issues and identifying Root Cause & Prevention. Experience in all Linux Administration and Support for all RHEL 6/7/8 servers, such as OS Installation, Upgrade, Migration and Data Migration, OS problem resolution, installation of application software, administration of user accounts, hardware/software, system configuration, server’s backup, troubleshooting and system monitoring. Experienced individual looking to enhance my knowledge of DevOps tools such as Ansible, Kubernetes, Docker and GIT. Operating Systems: Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6,
7, 8, CentOS 6, 7, 8, Ubuntu, Windows.
Virtualization Tools: VMware, vCenter, ESXi,
vSphere, Vmotion, Clone, template, snapshot.
Troubleshooting: Ping, Top, Free, Tcpdump, ssh,
netstat, traceroute, SAR, Iostat, Vmstat, mount,
df, du, lsblk.
Configuration and Management: NFS, DNS,
DHCP, FTP, VSFTPD, HTTP, Apache, PXE-Boot,
Kickstart and MySQL, TCP/IP, UDP, NTP, NIS,
SMTP, SSH, and telnet.
Hardware Troubleshooting: Rack & Stack
Servers, Configured iLO, iDRAC, RAID.
Disk Storage Management: RAID, LVM, NFS,
gdisk, fdisk, EXT3, EXT4, and XFS.
Automation Tools: Ansible, Ansible Tower, Bash
Scripting.
Source Code Management: Git, Gitlab.
Documentation: Confluence, Microsoft Excel,
and Microsoft Word and Notepad.
DevOps Tools: AWS (EC2, ELB, EBS, EFS, IAM,
VPC, RDS, S3, Glacier, AMI, Cloud Watch, Cloud
Formation, Cloud Trail, SNOW Ball)
Docker, Kubernetes.
Service Management Tools: BMC Remedy,
Service Now, Jira.
Linux Systems Engineer 04/2020 - Present
Black Rock, Princeton, NJ
Responsible for deploying, configuration, and maintaining Linux Red Hat 6/7/8, Cent OS 6/7/8 Servers including web servers, apache servers, and database servers.
Experience of Virtualization with VMware ESXi and managing Vcenter, managing Vmware cluster virtual machines for redundancy and efficiency. Implementing fault tolerance and Disaster recovery.
Patching of servers to prevent attacks and hacking and optimizing system performance and protecting the company from risk and data loss.
Expert level in screening and diagnose of client inquiries and problems to clearly understand (root cause determination), solve problems, use operational documentation Run books and Remedy.
Experience of disk management using LVM to creating physical volume, Volume Groups, Logical volumes and on need basis extending the volume. Managed disk created file systems (EXT2, EXT3,EXT4, XFS) as per demand by using LVM.
Experienced in automating large-scale deployments with modern configuration and deployment management systems with Ansible.
Excellent in handling Ansible including creating host inventories, ad-hoc commands, creating and running playbooks using roles and adding tags and handlers.
No heartbeat to handle Ansible Tower to create templates from the GIT master server and deploy the configuration across the Linux environment.
Deployed Docker Engines in virtualized platforms for containerization of multiple app, managed local deployments in Kubernetes, creating local cluster and deploying application containers
Installation and setting up Kubernetes cluster on VMware manually and created Kubernetes dashboard, Network policies.
Hands on experience of Kubernetes including setting up a Kubernetes cluster, managing clusters, creating and managing pods, deployments, application management.
Working with AWS (EC2, ELB, Security, Storage S3, Route 53, VPC) cloud systems for development teams across the organization.
Worked with Amazon IAM console (Identity Access Management) to create custom users & groups and defined roles and created policies.
Handling migration of on-premises applications to the cloud, and created resources in the cloud to enable this, using all critical AWS tools, used ELB and Auto-Scaling policies for scalability, elasticity, and availability.
Implementing Nagios monitoring tool and getting alert of infrastructure including servers, applications, and services using NCPA Clients, NRPE clients for different environments.
Expert in changing application specific kernel parameters, system hardening, implementing firewall, allowing and disallowing port access.
Creating shared NFS file system, mounting and unmounting NFS server, NFS client on remote machine, sharing remote file folder, starting & Stopping the NFS services. Linux Systems Administrator 08/2017 - 02/2020
Walmart, Bentonville, AR
Installed, configured, maintained, and upgraded RHEL and CentOS using PXE with Kickstart.
Migrated servers from bare metals to virtual machines.
Experience administering servers RedHat Linux 5/6/7, CentOS 5/6/7, and Ubuntu, backup operations, and systems monitoring in multiple and complex network server environments.
Monitored, analyzing, and optimized the virtualization performance of ESXi hosts and virtual machines.
Performed software installations and upgrades to Linux Red Hat systems and maintaining in accordance with established policies, procedures and SLA.
Implemented and Supported a reliable, secure, highly available, and efficient infrastructure.
Applied OS patches on server, performed OS upgrades on regular basis, and upgraded administrative tools and utilities as necessary.
Developed script for automation administration tasks like customizing user environment and performance monitoring, upgrade, apply server’s patches and tuning.
Configured different RAID configuration depending on the needs of the application team
Set Sticky Bit, Set UID, Set GID permissions.
Administered DHCP and DNS server issues on client machines and troubleshoot network issue.
Responded to the alerts generated by Nagios such as network connectivity issues, critical system services, application availability, high CPU spikes and systems resources being maxed out.
Creating user accounts and adding user into groups on need basis, manually adding users, granting sudo permissions as required.
Performed troubleshooting network devices such as routers and switches.
Used various networking tools such as SSH, NS-Lookup, telnet, rlogin, ftp Trace route TCP Dump and ping to troubleshoot daily issues. also generating SSH authenticating keys to secure the environment
Utilized cron to schedule jobs and run scripts for system backup, updates, automate server maintenance.
Maintained Linux server and Supported developers team to sort out issues with application, tuning and troubleshooting Opertaing system, kernel and hardware.
Setup samba servers for access to directories and their content among developers and engineers.
Configured FTP, HTTP, SMTP, NIS, and other networking tools on server and client machines
Transferred data from one server to another using SCP and RSYNC
Created NIC bonds for networking redundancy and efficiency
Partitioned disks using fdisk and mounted file systems in fstab and autofs Linux Systems Operator 11/2016 - 07/2017
Sigma Corp, Cream Ridge, NJ
Implemented Open SSH based security for the RedHat and CentOS.
Resolved networking and security issues on client servers
Contacted vendors for hardware support
Monitored system activities like CPU, Memory, Disk and Swap space usage.
Racked and stacked bare metal servers
Assisted application teams throughout deployment and decommissioning of servers.
Performed daily monitoring including: hardware, applications, key processes, and scheduled jobs.
Created backups, moving and restoring using gzip and tar ball. Bachelor - 2015
University of the Punjab, Pakistan
Contact this candidate