William Robert Swalley III
*** **** *****
Daphne, AL 36526
251-***-****
advbi9@r.postjobfree.com

●Over fifteen years IT technical expertise
●Direct management of anti-virus, patch management, software deployment, endpoint security and audit compliance for over 5000 computers and servers
●Extensive Active Directory and Group Policy management skills
●Excellent communication, customer service and interpersonal skills
●Experience as Team Lead and primary liaison between multiple departments
●Hands-on experience building, imaging, repairing and troubleshooting various workstations and servers
●Operating systems: Windows 95, 98, 2000, NT, XP, Win 7, Server 2000 and 2008
●Applications Software: Altiris, BigFix, Symantec, Safend, Magic, CA Service Desk, Peregrine, Remedy, SMS, all MS Office Applications

EDUCATION

University of Phoenix Online/ January 2010- February 2012
●Pursuing a Bachelor of Science Degree in Management Information Systems

University of Alabama at Birmingham, AL/ August 1991- March 1994
●Pursuing a Bachelor of Science Degree in Management Information Systems

EXPERIENCE

DX Enterprise, Tupelo, MS / June 2022 - October 2022
Forklift Driver for Toyota Motor Manufacturing Mississippi
●Worked in the Reload Department to move empty Toyota parts boxes and containers onto and off tractor trailers. Work weeks were usually between 55-60 hours, with occasional 6 day weeks.

Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Alabama, Birmingham, AL / January 2004 - January 2012
Senior Systems Administrator – Enterprise Desktop Management
●Managed Symantec Antivirus definitions and policies for all corporate desktops, including IDS/IPS & Firewall management, and spyware/malware detection and removal.
●Managed BigFix (IBM Tivoli product) for Windows and 3rd party software patch management, power management, software delivery and audit compliance reporting for DISA & FDCC rules for all corporate desktops.
●Managed Altiris (both Deployment server and Notification server) for software deployment and reporting capabilities for numerous activities (app metering, asset tracking, user logins, etc.) for all corporate desktops and users.
●Managed Safend for device endpoint protection encryption via specific policies for specific AD groups to govern who can write data to external devices to prevent unauthorized users from copying data for all corporate desktops.
●Management of Active Directory and Group Policy rules for DISA & FDCC audit compliance and managing software usage for select users via Altiris Software Portal.
●Managed multiple application servers for the responsibilities listed above.
●Liaison between multiple departments for security compliance (includes Information Security, Workstation Technician, Help Desk, NOC teams) for both proactive and reactive steps for myriad issues concerning incident management and vulnerability management and their resolution.
●Active participant for all Change Management meetings representing our group.
●Two-time Committee Manager of Membership Relations group in Leadership Development Association.
●Active participant in multiple endeavors for community support including Light the Night, Habitat for Humanity, YMCA/YWCA, numerous fundraising drives, etc.

SouthTrust Bank, Birmingham, AL/ December 2001- 2003
Help Desk Representative
●Worked with a team of 14 to support over 14,000 users with myriad computer issues.
●Resolved conflicts with network accounts in Active Directory Console.
●Extensive use of SMS.
●Novell, Mainframe, and Check Vision user profile Administrator.
●Served as a member for three Disaster Recovery Teams responsible for testing emergency recovery procedures. Received perfect test scores.
●Consistently exceeded SLA for monthly support goals.
●Received over 30 commendations from customers for exceeding expectations and excellent service.

Teletech, Birmingham, AL / April 1998 – December 2001
Lead Technical Agent/ Project Supervisor
As Lead Technical Agent-
●Assisted customers of Verizon Online with DSL, ISDN, Cable Modem, and TCP/IP connections with technical support issues.
●Aided technical support agents in Level 3 Support and below as Lead Agent for support issues that were difficult in nature.
●Acted as trainer for all new hires in the Academy Bay. Academy Bay is the introductory phase of support for Verizon Online.
●Received more than 40 commendations from customers for excellent service and awarded Call-of-the-Week twice.
As Project Supervisor-
●Ensured customers of Bell Atlantic with Linksys routers that used Verizon Online DSL were configured to necessary specifications for working ISP service after Verizon acquired Bell Atlantic.
●Lead a team of 10 in an estimated five-week project that was actually completed in three weeks due to terrific work performed.

Key Systems, Birmingham, AL / May 1996- April 1998
Senior Technical Agent
●Responsible for the installation of a security/network system for automobile dealerships in a seven-state region covering the Southeast.
●Provided assistance with maintenance, upgrades, repairs, training, and general support.

Excellent references available
Contact this candidate