Fritz Figaro
Local, Available Immediately

Professional Summary:
Seasoned Professional with strong experience in IT Systems Adminsitaion, troubleshooting, support, installation, and repair for software/ hardware with ~7 years of Pharmaceutical/GxP environment
Extensive experience with ServiceNow to provide support and track the IT ticketing Status.
Adept with different OS platforms, Windows or Mac.
Validated, Installed, and Troubleshoot ELN (electronic laboratory notebook) used in an FDA-regulated environment for pharmaceutical software.
Imaged and upgraded Windows 8 to Windows 10 and performed post-migration support on laptops and desktops.
Deployed lab benchtop computers and interfaced them with lab equipment/instruments and installed scientific software tools.
Utilized Mass360 for Corporate Outlook email and wireless network access.
Resolved wireless, VPN, and network issues.
Repair laptops and desktops as well as troubleshoot workstation hardware such as docking station connectivity issues & dual monitor support and cable management.
Image and deploy Laptops / Desktops with Windows 10 and provide post-migration support
Supported both MAC OS X and Windows 7/10 OS system/ELN
Provided IMAC Support, System Refreshes, Imaging/Deployment, Break/Fix services, and troubleshooting on desktop and laptop.

Skills:
Windows Server 2003/2012, Windows XP-10, Mac OS X/iOS
Air-Watch, SCCM, Active Directory, ServiceNow, Mass360, VMware
Remedy, Adobe, Office 365, Exchange, Cisco routers, Lotus Notes
SQL Server, UNIX Sun Solaris, Red Hat and Fedora Linux, TCP\IP
DHCP, WINS, DNS, VPN, SONET, ATM, Novell Netware
ZenWorks for desktops, MacAfee, Symantec Antivirus,
Ad-ware, Spybot, Symantec GHOST, VERITAS, Backup Exec, CITRIX, Google tools
HP ServiceNow, VMware, Skype for Business, Atera remote management tools

Professional Experience:

Sanofi Pharmaceuticals, Cambridge MA February 2022 - Present
Senior System Administrator
Provided white glove end-user support to Sanofi executives, C-level employees, and its clients
Troubleshoot and repaired Office applications: Outlook email calendar issues, image and configure laptops for new hires
Installed Intune portal for companies on mobile devices iPhone Android and iPads, troubleshoot Apple Mac iOS issues
Deployed laptops and desktops as refreshes, break fixes, or for special projects and new hires
Supported audio / Video equipment for Zoom meetings. updating asset tracking database regularly

Takeda Pharmaceuticals /Ettain Group, Cambridge MA November 2019 to January 2022
IT Support Engineer
Image and deploy Laptops / Desktops with Windows 10 and provide post-migration support
Repair hardware/software failures on Laptops and both Desktops, configure Systems per SOP and clients’ preference.
Assign IT equipment to end users and record computer asset deployments in Service Now.
Completed project status reports and tracked time on projects. Assisted in workload planning on ServiceNow.
Deployed lab benchtop computers and interfaced them with lab equipment/instruments and installed scientific software tools.
Performed computer and software audits/inventory and repaired and maintained Z printers.
Resolved single sign-on SSO issues with Okta and MS office 365 issues.

Akcea Therapeutics, Boston, MA September 2018 to October 2019
Senior Systems Admin.
Provided White glove Computer systems support to Executive management and front and back-office staff.
Manage asset management database & Track Software Licenses / Hardware warranties deploying new assets to new hires and retrieving assets from termed employees and contractors.
Repair laptops and desktops as well as troubleshoot workstation hardware such as docking station connectivity issues & dual monitor support and cable management.
Troubleshoot and repair application errors and performed software patching.
Troubleshoot ZOOM Teleconference equipment and provide support
Upgrade laptops with Windows 7 to window10.
Debug Skype for business issues.
Troubleshoot and resolve network issues for both Mac and Win 7, 8.1, and 10 laptops/tablets +mobile devices.
Troubleshoot web base applications and java issues and resolved access permission issues.
Imaged and configured Lab benchtop computers and interfaced them with lab equipment
Worked with vendors and facilities to install & configure lab equipment and installed scientific applications and tools on benchtop computer systems.
Acted as a technical liaison for the scientist, vendor, and facilities to get the right supportive infrastructure in place for scientific equipment to be installed.

Pfizer Pharmaceutical, Cambridge, MA December 2015 to December 2018
IT Systems Administrator /Executive Support Tech
Installed and resolved Citrix receiver issues on smartphones, tablets, Windows 7-10, and Mac systems.
Troubleshot and repaired Windows and Mac computers, mobile devices, and PDAs including iPhones, iPads, and Androids.
Validated, Installed, and Troubleshoot ELN (electronic laboratory notebook) used in an FDA-regulated environment for pharmaceutical software.
Configured Windows and Mac machines and mobile devices with Air-Watch.
Utilized Mass360 for Corporate Outlook email and wireless network access.
Managed IT kiosk and acted as team lead to kiosk helpdesk team.
Imaged and upgraded Windows 8 to Windows 10 and performed post-migration support on laptops and desktops.
Set up and configured Linux desktops and servers and deployed them to developers.
Upgraded end users to Office 365 and provided post-support after the upgrade.
Supported Mac laptops, deployed lab benchtop computers, and interfaced computers with lab instruments.
Installed new lab instruments and software, and configured laptop and benchtop computers to interface and monitor lab equipment.
Set up Smartboards for meetings and training or events and provided teleconference support and troubleshot WebEx issues.
Recorded asset deployments and retrievals in a CMDB asset management and ticketing system.

LPL Corporation, Boston, MA November 2014 to November 2015
Executive Support Engineer / Systems Administrator
Troubleshot and resolved issues with Mac and Apple products hardware and software prioritized and expedited hardware request setups.
Deployed new hardware onto Mac machines, Air Books, and Lenovo/HP laptops and used SCCM to push software to client desktop/laptop via SCCM.
Activated troubleshot and resolved issues and provided support for iPhones, iPads, and other mobile devices.
Performed Virus and malware detection and removal, retrieved data on failed hardware and provided follow-up remote support and troubleshooting.
Upgraded laptops from Windows 7 to Windows 10 with Office 365 and troubleshot and resolved post-upgrade and migration issues.
Troubleshot and deployed VOIP Avaya phones and resolved software application issues.
Supported Windows Surface tablets with Windows 8.1 Tablet OS.
Deployed and set up Bloomberg terminals w/ Monitor keyboards and resolved connectivity and license issues.
Installed and troubleshot Zephyr and Haver software issues on clients' laptops.
Supported IPC Turret voice recording phone systems and configured phones with direct communications lines to banks.
Resolved wireless, VPN, and network issues.
Performed office moves and dual display screen setups and routinely updated asset management database for inventory tracking.

HITACHI, Waltham, MA November 2012 to November 2014
Client Support Engineer
Performed onsite analysis, diagnosis, and resolution of complex desktop problems for end users, Recommend and implement corrective solutions, including offsite repair for remote users as needed.
Imaged, troubleshot, and repaired Linux/Unix, Mac OS, and Windows 7 computer systems.
Imaged Mac Air Book laptops using the Casper imaging suite and updated Mac image drive with a Mac desktop mini.
Resolved network login and keychain issues.
Resolved Safari Browser issues, ran Mac updates, and encrypted drives, and resolved Mac end-user errors.
Installed, configured, tested, maintained, monitored, and troubleshot end-user, Windows 7, and Mac laptop/desktop-related hardware and software.
Backed up and moved client data from Windows XP/7 to Mac laptop and configured Outlook for Mac Reconnected Outlook PST files and added printers and pulled network certifications for wireless connection.
Assessed the need for and implemented performance upgrades to end-user workstations, including installing upgrades.
Collaborated with LAN technicians and network administrators to ensure efficient operation of the company's desktop computing environment.
Managed site asset management tracking system for inventory control and auditing.
Deployed software through SCCM (SMS).

QinetiQ North America, Boston, MA October 2009 to August 2012
Systems Administrator
Troubleshot and resolved desktop and laptop hardware and software issues.
Utilized Remedy ticket system to address end-user requests such as installing Federal.
Government/DHS-approved applications and custom applications for government and law enforcement.
Provided network access to secured resources to end users and set up laptops for VPN wireless connections and repaired application errors.
Created new user accounts, network accounts, and exchange email accounts using Active directory.
Resolved Blackberry issues and processed requests on BES server 4.0 for Microsoft Exchange.
Coordinated and performed a Windows 7 rollout/upgrade from Windows XP and upgraded hardware.
Troubleshot and repaired network issues including failed packeter data shaping devices Cisco routers, network cabling, and network data switches.
Investigated security incidents, installed database connectivity software, and resolved network access and connectivity issues on both desktops laptops, and servers.
Provided NetWare connectivity/printing to desktop end users and remote users.
Monitored daily backups, and resolved backup issues on NetBackup 7- 10GB and Backup Exec.
Scheduled backup jobs when needed when scheduled backups failed and repaired backup tape library device issues.
Followed Federal government IT policies and SOP's and took frequent Government web-based training for daily operational duties.

Arrow International, Everett, MA March 2007 to August 2009
IT Specialist
Provided daily desktop & laptop computer systems support to the end user community.
Deployed phones and set up phone extensions with voicemail.
Resolved technical questions & issues, and trained end users as needed.
Provided information technology resources such as new computers, printers, and other end users’ electronic devices.
Set up video & teleconferencing equipment for meetings and troubleshot & repaired electronic equipment and computer systems as needed.
Performed office computer equipment moves.
Pushed out corporate applications using Active directory SMS and managed end-user network accounts.
Resolved email & MS-Office issues.
Performed daily backups and restore\recovery of data.
Managed Network servers and resolved network application issues as well as maintained systems logs and updated IT documents.
Deployed and resolved issues on Mac desktops and laptops running OS X v10.4 Tiger.

Thomson, Inc Boston, MA April 2006 to May 2009
Systems Deployment Engineer
Ghosted Windows XP on desktop and laptop computer systems.
Supported Win XP\ NT 4.0.
Installed/configured financial applications and Market Data analytical tools and software.
Supported MS-office 2003.
Migrated email data and files to the new systems for end users.
Installed/configured/supported MS-SQL Server/client.
Resolved end-user conflicts and concerns by phone using remote desktop tools or at the user's desk and provided helpdesk phone coverage when needed.
Logged help calls in the Infardesk ticket system.
Deployed and activated Blackberry handheld devices and installed Blackberry desktop software 4.0-sp1 on user's desktop\laptops and synchronized blackberries, generated and pushed new Security PIN to reestablish communications with the Blackberry server.
Installed Bloomberg & other Market Data applications/tools on the Blackberrys.
Installed/replaced new or burnt-out SIM cards for activation.
Upgraded Blackberry software from 3.0 to 4.1-sp1.
Set up Outlook profiles for Blackberry users.
Set up new user profiles on desktops\laptops.
Configured printers and mapped network drives and resources.
Installed/configured MAC G5 on the TFCORP LAN.
Installed Macromedia applications & MS-office for Apple PCs.
Maintained systems updates.
Removed viruses and spy-ware from user’s computer systems and repaired damage and performed data recovery.

Education:
Boston University Corporate Education Center, Waltham, MA
Information systems technology Graduate
Contact this candidate