auto Palani A Ponnapakkam
**** **** *****
Metairie LA 70003
Email: advskq@r.postjobfree.com
US Citizen
Ph (c): 504-***-****

VMWare Virtual Infrastructure Administrator/ Windows System Administrator/VDI Engineer
Lead hands on Information Technology Professional with repeated success leading the support, enhancement, deployment, monitoring of business-critical server-based solutions and user applications. Veteran project manager of 5 data center migrations, with a well-earned reputation for delivering enhancement and deployment projects on time and under budget. Innovative strategist with a track record of success identifying opportunities to control costs and streamline operating processes. Expert at eliminating single point failures, proactively deferring infrastructure down time, developing and implementing best practice based structure. Established 99% availability, Zero Server compromise or Data Breach for 20 years.

Areas of Expertise
Microsoft Windows Server Administration ● AD ● DNS ● DHCP ●Automated Deployment of Windows Servers using Red Hat Ansible *Update, Patch Management and End Point Security ● Print Spooler● Remote App ● ThinApp ● AppVolume ● SAN Storage ● Virtual Infrastructure ● Infrastructure Monitoring with alerts for Proactive Actions ●Drawing up Resource Threshold Policy and Setting Alerts ● VDI ● Backup/Restore Project Management ● Staff Management ● Team Leadership ● Infrastructure Design / Deployment ● Analyzing Information ● Policy Development ● Process Documentation ● Basic Network Connectivity and TCP/IP configuration and Trouble Shooting ● Level 3 Help Desk Support ● VOIP ● Network Access Control (NACS) ● Microsoft Office, Adobe, Java Information Security ● System Integration ● Business Continuity/ Disaster Recovery ● Technology Solutions ● Problem Solving ● Troubleshooting ● Root Cause Analysis ● Quality Control ● Knowledge Transfer and Training

Technology Snapshot
Server Operating Systems Microsoft Server 2003, 2008/R2 & 2012/R2, VMware EsXi 5.5,VMware Vsphere 6.5,Ubuntu, Linux, Mac Server OS ● VmWare Horizon View 6.0, VMware SRM, VMWorkspace, SDDC, NSX, VCOPS, Mirage, SCCM ● Server Administration of Microsoft AD DS, DNS, DHCP, WINS, Cluster Server, Internet Information Server, and SQL Server ● Client Operating Systems Microsoft Windows XP, 7, 8, 10 and Mac OS X ● Application support of ERP Ellucian Banner, Workforce Central’s Kronos attendance recording system, Cherwell desktop management system, TMA Building Services Ticketing system, EMS Calendaring and Event Management System, Raiser’s Edge Fundraising Software, BRIO and ARGOS Reporting Systems, Microsoft Office, Adobe, Java ●CISCO UCS CISCO NACS, CISCO VOIP, CISCO Fiber Switch ● IBM Blade, IBM Blade Center, IBM Flex Chassis, IBM Flex Chassis Center ● IBM Shark Enterprise Storage Server, NetApp SAN, IBM 4000,IBM V 7000, HP ILO, CISCO CIMC, DELL DRAC, Red Hat Ansible 2.8.4 Server automated deployment, Avocent KVM, VERITV PDU

Tools Used and Services Implemented and Monitored
IBM Director, Veaam Backup/Restore, IBM Networker Backup/Restore, Turbonomic(formerly VMTurbo),Quest Active Administrator (AD monitoring,backup restore tool), ManageEngine AD Plus, Quest AD Spotlight, Hyena, Xerox Print Management, MS Sysinternal, Time Service, Terminal License Service, Certificate Service, WSUS. Symantec End Point Management and Update Service.
Professional Experience
3/19/2018 till present
Contracted to Entergy through HCL. Working with the WINTEL-PROJECTS team to implement all WINTEL related projects including deploying, decommissioning trouble shooting, migrating, Applying updates, responding to monitoring team for alerts and crisis management, implementing disaster recovery and business continuity, discussing with Vendors for future projects, interacting with other team members in storage, network and application. Member of team selected for “Best Performance for 2018”. Completed and delivered all projects in timely manner.

10/9/2017 – 1/22/2018
Contracted to CISCO at San Jose as Senior L3 Systems Administrator and SME supporting Global Operations. Primarily in this position as a global team member was fielding all windows systems administrator calls involving hardware sizing/configuring for projects, evaluating technical feasibility, deploying,securing, troubles shooting at Hardware/OS/network/compute/storage/application levels on physical CISCO UCS and Vmware virtual servers. It involved working round the clock with teams overseas. 7/20/2017 – 10/6/2017
Worked on contract to Merck Pharmaceuticals to manage their Data Center hosting more than 13000 servers as a Senior Systems Administrator, supporting their global operations and in particular was involved with DR of the Data Centers infected by Petaya Virus. It primarily involved working in a team to restore physical and Vmware virtual servers, remediate them and hand them over to the end user.
Xavier University of LA, New Orleans, LA 10/1996 – 11/2016
VMWare Virtual Infrastructure Administrator/ Windows System Administrator/VDI Engineer

My responsibilities included:
Assume overall lead role of Windows Administration.
Responsible for VMWare Virtual Infrastructure. (Installed on IBM Blade and Flex Chassis and connected to Storage starting with IBM Shark then IBM 4000, Then Netapp and finally IBM V7000)
Responsible for Storage connection via CISCO fiber switch and it high availability, monitoring and maintenance jointly with UNIX administrator.
Responsible for VDI Infrastructure and related applications. Linked Clones in non-persistent mode. Enable and Assign the AD objects.
Create deploy Vmware ThinApp and AppVolume(along with related App Stacks)
Responsible for proper working of over 200 odd Windows servers.
Responsible for proper working of Active Directory based Windows infrastructure. This function is responsible for every user’s Domain access, Network (wired and wireless access), file shares, printer share, Security through Group Policy etc.
Responsible for maintenance of over 4000 user accounts in Active Directory.
Maintain and monitor Group policy activities
Responsible for network and Internet support through DHCP and DNS services.
Maintain and monitor login scripts.
Delegate controlled activity to support service providers.
Maintain and monitor all desktop accounts on campus and restrict and confine access to physical units as needed.
Responsible for OS Administrative support for MS 2003, 2008,2008R2, 2012, 2102R2, Linux Appliances and MAC OS X
Implemented and explored most of windows Roles and Features including IIS, RDSH, Print Server, Cluster, Load Balance, Remote App etc.
Responsible for keeping abreast with technology in that contest I have been reading up on MS 2016 and aware of its features and also on current VMWARE products like VMWorkspace, SDDC, NSX, VCOPS, Mirage, SCCM etc. Maintain printer share service for over 150 printers all over campus.
Provide data and server backup and restore services.
Responsible for Windows Disaster Recovery Infrastructure and Business Continuity
Implemented VMware Site Recovery Manager for Disaster Recovery.
Configure and deploy new servers when and as required.
Ensure proper function of all hardware, middleware, monitoring tools.
Establish ongoing vendor relationship and infrastructure to receive uninterrupted service and support.
Responsible for a slew of services and monitoring tools like Time Service, Terminal Service, Certificate Service, Director Service, Virtual Center, Hyena, Spotlight on Active directory monitoring service, Sysinternal, Active Administrator auditing and monitoring service, LDAP, Veeam backup service, VMTurbo monitoring tool, Xerox printer management service, etc. All directly or indirectly ensuring proper functioning of Windows infrastructure.
Having consistently and continuously kept myself abreast of current technology and having established a track record of this for over 20 years. My experience as a Windows Administrator for MS WSUS, IBM Director, VM Horizon View, VM Ware Vcenter, Turbonomics, Quest Spotlight on AD which all consist of separate flavors of windows SCCM reinforce the fact I have sound knowledge of the underlying technology. I have had the experience of evaluating and testing SCCM for over 2 years. Our University was MS licensed campus and SCCM was part of the package given to us. I was poised and close to implementing SCCM having studied it in detail. It would have integrated many of above listed middleware and would have been highly appreciated.
Responsible for knowledge transfer and training new recruits.
Previous Experience
Led a team of engineers for close to 2 years in REUTERS India as Assistant Marketing Manager to implement an Online Real Time Project in one of the world’s largest markets in South East Asia. The project was to collect real-time raw data from Stock Exchanges, process the information and disseminate it via satellite and telephone lines to end users.
Worked as Solution Provider for IBM and NCR range of products for 7 years with SSB Group in Dubai/Muscat in the Persian Gulf.
Worked as In-House Consultant for Finance Systems for a large Engineering concern HMT Ltd for 2 years using COBOL and other productivity tools available.
Worked as IT Marketing Executive selling IT solutions for a leading hardware manufacturer for 7 years with DCM Data Products.



Education & Certifications
Possess a Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering (5 year course)

Professional Development
Participant of World Conference in 2015 and 2016
Member of local VMUG
Attended on line VMWare Vcenter training
Microsoft Certified Professional
Constantly kept updated by attending monthly Webinars
Contact this candidate