Vijaya Gali
adwqs1@r.postjobfree.com
919-***-****

SUMMARY:
Around 7+ years’ experience in Configuration Management, Build and Release Management using JIRA on UNIX and Windows environment, GIT, CVS, Subversion, TFS, IBM Rational Clear Case.
Knowledge on Atlassian applications: Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket and Crowd.
Working knowledge of build tools like ANT and MAVEN.
Experience with Jira upgrade with zero down time on multi node cluster environment.
Worked on Build Automation and Continuous Integration tools like ANT1.8, Maven2.x/3.x, Hudson, Jenkins, Bamboo and Cruise Control.
Extensive experience with Adaptavist script runner and SIL manager.
Excellent working knowledge on setting up the sonar code quality and CI setup from scratch for Multimodal projects
Coordinated different teams across the globe to deploy different builds to different environments on parallel development for multiple projects.
Trained developers, Test team and SCM team on best practices and new features of the SCM tools.
Extensive experience in setting up baselines, branching, merging, periodic backups of the source code and automation processes using shell and Perl scripts.
Experience creating Issue types, workflows, fields, Notifications, Screens and other project components in Jira.
Contributed for daily build processes, including monitoring builds, break/fix management, issue tracking (JIRA), and identifying and resolving a wide variety of build-related issues for different products and versions
Strong knowledge on system administration, configuration and customization of Atlassian tools.
Experience on upgrading Atlassian products like JIRA, Confluence and Crowd.
Research, install, and maintain new and existing add-ons (plug-ins).
JIRA Configuration Management and User Management.
Supports the integration of existing and new applications within the current infrastructure, including but not limited to: Jenkins, Crucible, Crowd, Bamboo, Confluence and Stash.
Created SCM Process, policies, procedures and Release Notes to follow Development and allow QA teams to Release or Deploy highest quality product for the enterprise.
Manage and Configure Various Atlassian Tools like JIRA, Green hopper, Confluence, Crowd, Stash and Agile view for Agile development in the organization.
Experience with SCM task like branching, merging and tagging the source code.
Experience with installing and managing plugins and deploying Interim fixes.
Full understanding of SDLC, Agile methodologies and process.
Worked on cross platforms (Windows Unix) with GIT, Clear Case, CVS, Eclipse and Subversion.
Part of my responsibility was to run the SQL scripts.
Experience writing Shell and Perl scripts to automate the deployments and other routine activities.
Created SCM Process, policies and procedures to follow development and respective teams to release or deploy highest quality product for the enterprise. Worked on different Build tools like ANT, Maven and MS Build.
Extensive experience in using Continuous Integration tools like Cruise control, Build Forge, Jenkins and Hudson.
Managed environments DEV, QA, UAT and PROD for various releases and designed instance strategies.
Automating the setup of varies Environments using appropriate tools/scripts.
Created SCM Plans and Test Plans for Applications.
Good analytical, problem solving, communication skills and have the ability to work either independently with little or no supervision or as a member of a team.
Automated tasks in jira using Groovy script and Python from various plugins.
Generated reports on key metrics using Power BI, Data Plane and other reporting tools.
Excellent communications skills, management skills and technical documentation skills.
Flexible to work on weekends and after business hours to support Planned Production Deployments and Patching activities.
Involved in migration and consolidation of multiple server instances to DC instances and cloud instances.
Familiar with using Project configurator, other useful tools and scripts for a seamless migration activity.
Hands on experience working as part of L3 Team and supporting L1, L2 and DEV teams.
Consolidated multiple project schemas into standardized schemas, merged custom fields and workflows based on requirement.
Involved in drafting end to end POC for migration of Server instance and Data center instance to Atlassian Cloud.
Familiar working with Atlassian Premium support and implementing latest recommendations.
Abundant experience in preparing Reports, setting up dashboards to reconcile data on Datacenter and Cloud instances.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Verizon, NJ July 2022 – Tilldate
Role: Sr. Atlassian Suite Admin.

Responsibilities:
Hands on experience on Jira 7.x and Jira 8.x.
Created Jira projects using the default, shared configurations as per user’s requirement.
Create Confluence spaces and trained users on Macros and setting up pages for Documentation.
Migrated projects from Jira Server to Jira Data Center and Cloud.
Familiar with using Script runner scripts for consolidation of schemas on current DC instance.
Experience in running DB queries to validate data on Current instance and target instance.
As part of migration Performed Workflow mapping, Field value updates, Issue type conversion and template cutover.
Setup new instances for Dev teams and lower lane.
Help users in creating filters, Dashboards and Gadgets.
Deployed Atlassian products, associated programs and closely monitor application performance.
Linux Administration and Maintenance for various OS distributions, Open source tools [Apache, MySQL, Mail sever], Software Development tools setups.
Customized both JIRA and Confluence to integrate into the pre-existing systems with an eye towards making the programs extensions of their systems, and not hindrances to their systems .
Created Custom workflows, custom screens, custom notification schema and custom fields on Jira.
Created users on Active Directory, synchronized the users on Jira and configure compliance rules for user management.
Created events, email notification schemes and assigned project roles on Jira and service desk.
Worked on confluence- Assigned user personal space and provided assistance in using Confluence and other Atlassian tools.
Worked on Bamboo, Eclipse for build triggers and build dependencies.
Installed various Jira plugins such as Power scripts, JSU for automation, Unstoppable and Power BI.
Document for all the new enhancements and features applied to the Jira instance.
Create users, groups as part of daily incoming tickets via helpdesk from end users.
Evaluate third party plugins such as outlook integration for Jira, SU for Jira.
Backup and restore Jira to sync the test instance with production.
Build complex workflows with required steps, outgoing transitions. Add appropriate validators, Post Functions and Conditions as per the user’s requirement.
Setup screens with project specific fields, that could help users to create issues with appropriate inputs.
Creating Plans for Projects, Teams and Boards. Generate Reports to provide accurate estimates of the Team’s progress. Configure portfolio permissions.
Help users to understand structure. Since Structure helps in defining the hierarchy of the stories or issues in various levels.
Familiar with Cloning, Linking and cross instance integration.
Experience in setup of Jira Cloud and customizing as per user requirement.
Meet with every team possible and gather requirements to design complex workflows whenever needed.
Created new, modified Notification Schemes to notify only the concerned team member or business partner.
Installation of Jenkins, Crucible and Train users on Atlassian tools for regular usage.
Document required operations such as bulk update, add users into project roles for users.
Setup Tempo time sheets such that team members can log work such that management could gain better transparency and accurate insight across various teams.
Investigate and setup tempo/time tracking for the management to know the individual’s workload.
Generate custom reports to review the logged work, time sheets also to manage time spent on customer projects.
Setup timer in user’s dashboard to keep track of the time spent on specific issues in an effective manner.
Extensive experience in monitoring application performance using tools such as Splunk, AppD and DynaTrace.
End to end understanding of SDLC life cycle using both CI and CD tools.
Environment: JIRA, Confluence, Bamboo, Stash, Tomcat, Jboss, WebSphere, WebLogic, SVN, Jenkins, shell, bash, Crucible
Deloitte, IN Sep 2021 – June 2022
Role: Jira Admin.

Responsibilities:
Supported multiple JIRA project set-ups by creating templates, custom workflows, custom screens, custom fields permission schemes, post functions, etc. on Jira.
Create users, groups as part of daily incoming tickets via helpdesk from end users.
Provided configuration and administrative support of self-hosted (server) JIRA and Confluence.
Installed, configured, tested, and managed software plug-ins, updating software’s and licenses.
Installing and configuring Portfolio for Jira for resource allocation, Plan the teamwork and track the progress.
Created Cloning and copy projects and issues, Plans for Projects, Teams, and Boards. Generate Reports to provide accurate estimates of the Team’s progress. Configured portfolio permissions.
Extensively worked on UNIX Editor Commands to edit the logs.
Build complex workflows with required steps, outgoing transitions. Add appropriate validators, Post Functions and Conditions as per the user’s requirement.
Migrated Jira across environments and worked on Jira database dumps.
Experienced in performing Atlassian installations and migrations and gained skills to schedule back-ups Integration.
Created a step-by-step user guide to create a project in JIRA, documented new enhancements and features applied to the Jira instance.
Install and configure structure add-on for confluence and pull the view in confluence. Add various fields on the grid to know the progress of that level.
Migrated projects from Jira Server to Jira Cloud
Experience in assessing current environment, review Jira cloud capabilities, evaluate migration tools and monitor performance in Jira Cloud.
Evaluate third party plugins such as outlook integration for Jira, SU for Jira.
Worked on backup and restore tasks for Jira to sync the test instance with production.
Setup screens with project specific fields, that could help users to create issues with appropriate inputs.
Trained users on structure which helps in defining the hierarchy of the stories or issues in various levels.
Experience on Portfolio, Big Picture, Tempo, JEMH, JSU and other plugins.
Environment: Confluence, Bamboo, Stash,JIRA, Tomcat, Jboss, SVN, Maven, bash, UNIX, Nexus, Jenkins.

Wings Infonet Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore, India April 2015 - Dec 2020
Role: Production Support Admin

Responsibilities:
Worked as Atlassian Systems Administrator handling JIRA, Confluence and JIRA Agile, JSD.
Created Jira Projects as per established standards with specific schemes as per the team’s requirement.
Provide ongoing support for Jira/GIT users.
Setup Dashboards, build Filters using JQL and subscribe to receive notifications/Alerts.
Provide user training on Jira/Confluence and onboard new teams.
Installed and upgraded Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket and Crowd in production to keep up to date.
Familiar with using Ansible templates for config changes and version upgrades.
Installed and managed plugins for Jira in production environment.
Customized workflows and associated to the projects as per the team’s requirement.
Created JIRA projects, templates, workflows, screens, fields and other administrative activities.
Monitor Jira logs when performing migrations, troubleshooting user’s/system issues.
Work extensively on regular remedy tickets and resolve.
Supporting complex Atlassian environments and have experience with integrating Atlassian tools with other internal & external systems.
Setup configuration for JIRA projects, built custom workflows, created additional screens, created new custom fields, created/modified permission schemes to meet the security policy and other administrative tasks such as creation/modifying notifications schemes and roles.
Initiated user training and on boarded new teams (mainly teams that are interested to use Jira who were using Remedy/Rally earlier)
Monitor Jira performance on a daily basis and respond quickly to any ongoing issue in case application is under pressure.
Install and Integrate Jenkins, Sonarqube with other Atlassian tools via Application links.
Help users to setup source code repositories in Stash.
Assisted with integrations between the Atlassian tools such as crucible, Fisheye and External systems such as CSP (Customer service portal) systems.
Monitored the logs in case of improper functionality of Jira/confluence for exceptions and Apply the changes on Jira as per Atlassian KB (considering the type of exception).
Installed new Jira instances when requested by a division and upgraded Jira in production considering the number of projects and issues to improve the performance.
Installed and managed plugins for Jira in production environment such as Script Runner, Outlook integration for JIRA, JQL Tricks, CCC Last Comment, REST API Browser, Jira Suite Utilities and other.
Implemented new JIRA workflows for the QA teams and worked on Splitting JIRA servers (project configurations and issues).
Handled User/Group Administration, configured LDAP directory with Jira.
Migrated dump files into subversion (SVN) repositories.
Configured Jenkins jobs everyday as per the user’s request.
Investigating the Jenkins logs and Troubleshooter to fix the issues for failed builds.
Documented and reported the statuses of Deployment to Project Team and Management during common window maintenance (CMW).
Performed end to end standalone Jira Migration (Consolidated 5 Jira servers into 1)
Performed CSV import to migrate remedy/rally issues to Jira.
Generated scripts for effective integration of JIRA applications with other tools at Broadcom Ltd.
Suggested improvement processes for screens, workflow procedures and reports of applications.
Environment: Clear Case, Jira 5.x/6.x, ANT, Maven, Stash 2.x, Crowd 2.x, Confluence 3.0.x, GIT, Grails, IBM Lotus Notes, Jenkins UAT, Jenkins Enterprise, UNIX, Linux, J2EE, PERL, Puppet, Shell Scripts, SQL Server, Windows/NT

TECHNICAL SKILLS
SCM Tool: Subversion (SVN), Perforce, Jenkins/Hudson, Sonar, Jira, TFS, Confluence, Clear Case, Accurev, GIT, GitHub.
Build Tool: Ant, Maven, and Make.
Servers: JBOSS, Apache Tomcat, Web logic, Web sphere.
Web Technologies: Google Web Toolkit, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, XML, XSLT.
Platforms: UNIX, Linux, HP-UX, Solaris, Microsoft Windows Vista/ XP/ 2000.
Languages: Shell, C, C++, Java, J2EE, ASP.net, Power shell, Perl, Python, PHP, Ruby
Database System: SQL DBA, SQL Server […] Oracle 9i/10g-PL/SQL, MS Access.
Platforms: Red hat Enterprise Linux 4/5, Sun Solaris […] Windows […] Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7
Bug Tracking Tools: JIRA, Fisheye, Crucible, Rally, Remedy and IBM Clear Quest, Bugzilla, and HP Quality Center.

Education:
Master’s in computer sciences.
Wilmington University, Delaware.

Master of Business Applications (MBA)
Pondicherry University, Tamil Nādu.

Bachelor of Sciences (BSc)
Acharya Nagarjuna University, Andhra Pradesh.
Contact this candidate