DANIEL A. JONES
*** ********** **
Colorado Springs, CO 80921
CP: 703-***-****
adwykj@r.postjobfree.com

CLEARANCE: Top Secret/SCI wPoly

OBJECTIVE: Seeking a long term and challenging position as a network consultant, administrator, engineer, analyst, or installation expert on the communications team for a medium to large company.

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Over 30 years of experience in computer networking, computer engineering, system administration, and long haul voice, video, data multiplexing systems, Furthermore ten years of experience designing and implementing enterprise scalable networks spanning various vendors (Cisco, Juniper, General Dynamics, Motorola, Dell, Compaq, IBM, and Avaya). Very recent experience in Cisco 7613 and ASR9K, Juniper MX240 and MX480 platforms, Palo Alto firewalls, and Taclane Encryptors supporting the DoD Information Network (DoDIN). Project oriented with strong organizational skills and leadership skills, ability to complete tasks while beating deadlines. Self-motivated and confident in making independent and difficult decisions in stressful situations. Work well individually or as part of a team. There is always a way and time to do get it done!

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND

B.S. Information Systems Management, University of Maryland University College
A.A.S Computer Studies, University of Maryland University College
A.A.S. Electronic Systems Technology, Air University
A.A.S. Information Systems Technology, Air University
Communications-Computer Systems Operator Apprentice Course
Information Management Systems Apprentice Course
Communications-Cable and Antenna Systems Apprentice Course
Basic Installers Course (ADVANCED)
Franklin Covey – 7 Habits of Highly Effective People

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Equipment:
Operating Systems:
Applications:
General Dynamics TACLANE
Windows Server 2008-2019
MADSS
Cisco 2950 – 7513 Routers/Switches
Windows 7/10/11
SolarWinds/Atlas
Juniper SRX240-SRX650 Routers
JUNOS
Cisco ACS/ISE
Juniper MX240-MX480 Routers
Solaris
MS Office Suite
Juniper 4300 Switches
Data ONTAP 7-8
MS Visio
Fluke Network Analyst Sniffer
Cisco/Catalyst/Nexus OS
MS SharePoint
Fluke Network DSP and OTDR
Protocols:
Remedy Ticketing System
AN/PYNQ-10 Simple Key Loader (SKL)
OSPF
Wireshark
Brocade Switches
BGP
VBS
NetApp
ISIS
WatchGuard System Manager
Cisco ASA/ASR
MACSEC
Python
WatchGuard XTM Firebox
EIGRP
VMware
Nokia/Checkpoint Firewall
STP/SNMP
SVS
Citrix NetScaler
FTP/TFTP

CREDENTIALS

CCENT, CCNA, CCNA-Security, VCP4, NSTISSI 4011, JNCIA, JNCIA-Security
CompTia Security + and Network+ Certifications
Managing NGX R65/R70 on IPSO Security Appliance Boot Camp Course Completion Certificate
Air & Space Operation Center (AOC) Network Administrator Course – Honor Graduate
Fiber Optic and Local Area Network (LAN) Certification from Light Brigade and Lucent Technologies

INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE

Civilian/DOD Contractor: (Oct 2005 – Present)

Sept 2018–Present Lead IT Systems Engineer (Federal) – Lumen Colorado Springs, CO

Responsible for first level of escalation from Tier I NOC personnel on network issues.
Provide technical input to operational documentations and SOP for IP and NM discipline supporting the NOC
Duties include the creation and review SOP and MOP technical operational documentation for IP discipline supporting the NOC and creating and reviewing project implementation plans, test plans and Request For Change (RFC) documentation.
Also responsible for the creation and maintenance of IP Network design Diagrams, IP schemes, and other supporting documentation. I also review and provide feedback or updates to network as-built, Engineering Development Plans (EDP), and configuration management drawings.
Involved with the implementation of IP network devices and Test & Turn-Up (TTU) activities
I am one of the technical POCs for Operation and Implementations (O&I) and TTU projects involving network management and IP network devices
I am required to write, review, and maintain TTU and Method of Procedure (MOP) documentation

Mar 2017–Jul 2018 IP Operations Engineer – Leidos (DISA Contractor) Tampa, FL

Responsible for overall network engineering support for the Global Information Grid (GIG) Service Management-Operations (GSM-O) Operational Support System (OSS) including planning, designing, and evaluating various components of the network.
Duties include implementation and troubleshooting of routing protocols, specifically BGP and ISIS, and access control lists in different environments.
Responsible for routing and switching MPLS, L2 and L3 VPN, VRF, and VLAN networks.
Analyze telecommunications alarms, identify potential issues, and document network errors and solutions.
Configure, test, install, troubleshoot, and maintain network devices such as firewalls, cryptographic devices, and routers to optimize performance and ensure the desired security posture is attained and maintained.

Aug 2015 – Mar 2017 Systems Engineering Staff - Lockheed Martin Orlando, FL

Performs technical planning, system integration, verification and validation, cost and risk, and supportability and effectiveness analyses for total systems.
Analyses are performed at all levels of total system product to include: concept, design, fabrication, test, installation, operation, maintenance and disposal.
Ensures the logical and systematic conversion of customer or product requirements into total systems solutions that acknowledge technical, schedule, and cost constraints.
Performs functional analysis, timeline analysis, detail trade studies, requirements allocation and interface definition studies to translate customer requirements into hardware and software specifications.

Jun 2010 – Aug 2015 Network Engineering Staff – Lockheed Martin Washington, DC

With expertise and emphasis in routing, switching and firewalls, I was responsible for the design, development, building, and testing new CNO (Computer Network Operations) technologies and/or improvement of existing technologies for the customer.
Ensured that the solutions were documented and in compliance with applicable security requirements for the classification level of the system.
Performed system-level design and configuration of products such as Cisco routers, switches, ASA's and ASRs as well as McAfee G2s. Demonstrated ability to determine the hardware, OS, and other platform specifications needed to accomplish objectives and utilize software and hardware tools to identify and diagnose complex problems and factors affecting network performance.
Provided weekly input to policy level discussions regarding networking standards and security and routine analysis of all elements of the network facilities. Reviewed network reports and logs to ensure optimal performance. Provided assistance and oversight for all information systems operations activities to include computer/communications operations, virtualization, LAN/MAN/WAN administration and operations support, operating systems programming, system security policy procedures.
Communicated effectively with other project groups such as those relating to Security, Windows, and Linux to assist with the installation and troubleshooting of systems components
Key team member of Window 7 upgrade project of over 400 workstations including the implementation of Citrix Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) suite.
Developed design solutions (physical and logical) that are in compliance with best engineering practices, standards, and guidelines, implementing and testing the solution to ensure compliance with customer requirements for network security (e.g., ACL’s, IPSec Tunnels, Cisco ASA’s, port security, etc.). Performed (advanced level) configuration, testing, and troubleshooting of IP network infrastructure. Recommend network design changes/enhancements for improved network security.

Mar 09 – Jun 2010 Network Voice Comm Analyst Sr – Lockheed Martin Hurlburt Fld, FL

Responsible for all maintenance and upgrade of standalone and long haul classified voice and data network for distributed mission operations to include configuration of all CISCO and General Dynamics routers, switches, cryptographic systems and VOIP phones using CISCO call manager
Consulted, designed, configured, and implemented new network security suite including a Checkpoint firewall cluster for intrusion prevention and detection, a Cisco ACS Server for secure authentication, and CiscoWorks Lan Management Solution for centralized and controlled management of routers and switches
Installed and configured new Windows Server platform with several server roles to include, DNS, Streaming Media, Mail, Applications, and SharePoint

Jun 08 – Mar 09 Network Voice Comm Analyst – Lockheed Martin Hurlburt Fld, FL

Configured deployable virtual training simulation network while at Kunsan AFB, Korea supporting successful training to over 200 security forces personnel on proper call for fire procedures using the AC-130U/H Gunships
Successfully upgraded the 19th SOS standalone classified network in order to meet current DIACAP security standards. Installed and terminated over 4000 feet of SM fiber optic cable, including the installation of 96 ST connectors, to eliminate EMI and increase intrusion detection. Installed and configured nine Cisco 3560G POE switches.

Nov 06 – Nov 07 Communications Systems Engineer Associate – Lockheed Martin Al Dahfra AB, UAE

Duties included installation of ducts and conduits, fiber optic, copper, coaxial, and twisted pair cables communication cabinets, cable ladder and rack systems for CITS upgrade at Al Dhafra AB
Responsible for verification and updates to CAD drawings for manholes, communication rooms, and information transfer nodes (ITN) to provide continuity for constantly rotating uniformed personnel

United States Air Force – Reserve (Oct 2005 – 01 Mar 2015)

Jun 2010- Mar 2015 Cyber Systems Operator Langley AFB, VA

Positioned as flight training NCOIC responsible for coordinating training activities, including commercial vendor supplied courses such as NetApp, Citrix, and Cisco UCS, for 20+ personnel.
Also responsible for developing, tracking, and conducting communications specific training exercises and mentoring activities for junior enlisted personnel

Apr 2009 – Jun 2010 Computer/Cyber Systems Operator Hurlburt Fld, FL

Served as a Network and Systems Administrator responsible for setting up and maintaining several duration specific network links across a worldwide joint training exercise network (JTEN) enterprise requiring specific computer clients, servers, and applications.

Oct 2007 – APR 2009 Computer Systems Operator Patrick AFB, FL

Assisted in the design and development of a computer training labs using VMWARE to simulate several uniquely designed LAN’s and WAN’s for the purpose of testing and troubleshooting.
Rewrote VLAN lab while in technical training school for better understanding of CISCO router and switch configurations for VTP, encapsulation, and trunk links for the benefit of fellow students as well as our instructors.

United States Air Force – Active Duty: (Nov 1994 – Oct 2005)

Sep 03 – Oct 05 Shift Supervisor Project Management Team Kadena AFB, Okinawa, Japan
Directed joint and military contractor survey of 150+ communication manholes identifying existing and proposed copper and fiber optic cable routes. Vital part in $7 million base-wide surveillance systems upgrade project to protect the integrity and force protection of Air force material and human resources.
Monitored $5 million dollar Naval Fiber Optic Cable backbone install project of over 153,000 feet to provide a dedicated infrastructure for 1,132 Commander Fleet Activities Okinawa (CFAO) users

May 01 – Sep 03 Team Chief - Cable and Antenna Systems Ramstein AFB, Germany
Quickly and expertly repaired severed 36 strand fiber optic cable servicing Sembach Annex’s health clinic. Critical circuits were restored in 2 hours while complete service was restored to 100% operational from initial reporting in less than 7 hours.
Lead Inspector of contractor fiber cable installation for $50 million Strategic Ramp project. Performed 144 separate tests on single and multimode fiber between information node and central office verifying that test results and installations exceeded base specifications.

Feb 00 – May 01 Crew Lead – Cable and Antenna Systems Incirlik Air Base, Turkey

Provided a state-of-the-art network and telecommunications suite for a NATO facility in Eskeshir. Actions led to reach-back capability of the Command Staff in a geographically separated unit by providing base network supported voice and video communications.
Led team on an extensive two-week identification and restoral project of poor quality copper cable circuits on a main telephone trunk cable. These actions facilitated the network upgrade project supporting the Airport Surveillance and Precision Approach Radars, the Air Traffic Control Towers, and the RAPCON

References - Available Upon Request
Contact this candidate