Robert D Sauter
R
E
S
U
M
E
Work Experience
• Systems Administrator
• Network Administrator
• Computer Technician
• Communications Technician
• IT / IS Support (911 Support)
• Database Administrator
• Property Management
• Police Chaplain
• Pastor
• Construction Design
• Cad Specialist
• Director of Construction
• Architectural Design
• Construction Management
• Estimating
• Superintendent
• Entrepreneur
• Retail Management
With over thirty five years of hands on
work experience, the dedication to
achieve goals and to succeed. It is my
desire to further my carrier by obtaining
more formal education, and more hands
on working experience.
Seeking to obtain a position with an
organization that will benefit from the
experience and motivation I have
acquired, producing results in most
situations.
Born in California July 24th 1957. Married for 29 years, two daughters fourteen foster daughters and one foster son . Two grand daughters, one grandson. Family oriented believing in good moral standards based on biblical standards. Active Pastor of a local church. Formally served as Chaplain for the San Jacinto Police Department. Fully ordained minister, enrolled in School Of Bible Theology seminary to obtain formal degree, enrolled in Grand Canyon University to finish BS degree in Public Safety Administration and Emergency Operations Management, less then 36 credits to completion.
With interests in motorcycles, certified scuba diving, photography, both above water and in water. Currently the County Dive Commander for the dive rescue team. Proficient with all types equipment, including office equipment, copier repair, printer repair. Also Proficient AutoCAD 10—2007 with ADT, landcad, cogo and survey . All windows based operating systems, Linux, AutoCAD lisp. Microsoft office, FoxPro, Xsteel, photo shop, and much more.
Personal Information
Putting priorities in order is important
in reaching goals, and believing that with
out goals there can be no success, but
with them nothing is impossible. Henry
Ford once said nothing is impossible to
those that never give up and keep on
pursuing their dreams and goals.
Striving to learn and teach the same type
of philosophy as Henry Ford used and
lived by in my personal and professional
life.
Professional Goals
Education
California Contractors Lic. Test 1974
Yucca Valley H.S graduate 1975
Naval Basic electronics certified 1976
College of the Desert 1977-1978
Certified Chaplain
Gran Canyon University (Enrolled)
Contact Information
School Of Bible Theology (Enrolled)
Certified Computer programming
Microsoft A+ 1990
Microsoft MCSE 1990
Xsteel Certification 2001
Plant CML Rescue Star Certified 2008
1754 S 218th Ave 623-***-**** Home
Buckeye, AZ. 85326 970-***-**** Cell
Contact this candidate