Paul L. Worcester
*** **** **** ****
Newnan, Georgia 30265
770-***-****
adx4pw@r.postjobfree.com

Motivated and conscientious Systems/Database/Network Administrator with 34 years of technical experience

KEY SKILLS:
Excellent communication/public speaking/teaching skills, with proven ability in training others in use of new products. Proven ability to work efficiently independently and as part of a team. Proficient in systems/network integration, database installation and administration, client/server connectivity, network print services, remote access connectivity, E-mail, intranet/Internet configurations/connectivity.
Proficient in use of following computer systems - Sun(Sunfire Series), HP 9000, Intel based PC's,Cisco Pix Firewall, Cisco routers, HP Procurve Switches.
Proficient in use of following operating systems – UNIX (HP-UX, Solaris, AIX, Linux), Windows (NT, Win2K, Win2003, XP).
Proficient in use of languages: Unix Shell (Bourne, Korn, Bash, and Posix), awk, sed, Perl
Network applications: TCP/IP, NIS, DNS, NFS (incl. Automounter), Sendmail, Apache, Weblogic, Service Guard, Omniback, OpenView, Veritas Netbackup
Databases: Oracle 8.x,9.x, Informix 7.x, 9,x. Postgresql 7.x, Mysql 5.0
VMWare ESX 3.5

WORK EXPERIENCE:
EAM Solutions April 2017 to February 2022
Correct purchase order errors

Service Master November 2015 to March 2017
Technical supporting
Provided systems technical support

Laulima Government Solutions April 2014 to October 2015
Sr. Systems Administrator
Contract at the CDC
AWS Sys Ops
Message Validation and Processing System build and support
Zabbix install and configuration, administration
Installed and configured Apache Tomcat
Mirth Connect install, configuration, and administration
Worked on a team to build a multi-server environment with Mirth Connect, Tomcat, and Postgresql database
Monitored systems
Setup and monitored database backups

Cox Communications October 2013 to January 2014
Sr. Systems Engineer
Build virtual and physical Red Hat Enterprise Linux servers
Configure IPv6 on Red Hat servers
Load applications for Cox Video Middleware(JBOSS, Tomcat, rssh)
Zabbix monitoring software

Marta January 2010 to September 2013
Unix Systems Engineer
Meet with Project teams to analyze requirements
Build, configure, and maintain Unix systems(HP-UX and Red Hat Linux(5.x))
Created SAN boot volumes for Red Hat
Created Software RAID1 environment
Created Bonded NICs for redundancy
Configure Oracle Cluster File Systems for Oracle 10.x, and 11,x
Configure IP over InfiniBand
Install and configure C7000 Blade enclosure
Install and configure HP BL495 and BL465 Blades, memory, NIC and InfiniBand cards
Write shell scripts to provide system data for system health monitoring
Administrate Cyberlock system
Make changes to Windows DNS records to add and delete hosts

The Home Depot
Systems Analyst November 2009 to December 2009
Meet with Project team to discuss goals and objectives
Write shell scripts to assist moving data from Novell File Servers to a NetApp SAN environment.
Built a Linux/Apache/Mysql/Perl system to load ftp log data for analysis.
Wrote shell scripts to automate the loading of data into the database.
Wrote HTML/CGI scripts to provide data entry and query the database

DHL Global Mail August 2009 to November 2009
Unix Systems Administrator
Administrated Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4.8 servers running Oracle 10g,
Installed remote servers via PXE boot to a kickstart server,
Recovered crashed Operating system environments,
Wrote bash shell scripts and expect scripts to automate ftp and scp sessions with customers,
Worked service desk tickets from a tier 3 perspective,
Configured network interfaces,
Configured DNS entries

Chick-Fil-A February 2009 to March 2009
Unix Systems Administrator
Administrate HP PA RISC and Itainium servers, HP-UX 11.11, 11.23, and 11.31
Administrate Red Hat Enterprise Linux REL 4 and REL 5
Manage user signon administration

The Home Depot October 2008 to January 2009
Unix Systems Administrator
Restore systems from image backups for Quality Assurance group.
Build database servers, application servers, and clients fro production backup images for the QA groups testing environments. Troubleshoot builds/restores. Write shell scripts to automate processes.

Atlanta Journal-Constitution April 2008 to October 2008
Unix Systems Analyst
Monitor, troubleshoot, build, and deploy Unix/Linux systems (Sun Solaris, Red Hat, Centos, HP-UX)
VMWare administrator – ESX 3.5 (Production)
Write shell scripts to automate and e-mail system reports

Marta, Atlanta, Georgia Aug 2006 to April 2008
Unix Systems Administrator
Unix Systems Administrator for the BTP and AFC.(aka Breeze Card)
Advise Project team on file system layout
Managed the HP 9000 servers, RedHat Linux Blades.( ES & AS RHEL v3&4)
Created a Kickstart environment for Red Hat
Ran Up2date monthly to maintain Red Hat Linux
Administrated the Veritas Cluster Environment
Weblogic 8.1 Administrator
Setup Vmware Workstation 5.5.1 & 6.0.1 environments for testing

IBM, Atlanta, Georgia Feb 2006 to June 2006
Systems Administrator
Administrated the installation of HP 9000 server, Linux Red Hat blades, and Windows 2003
blades for the Marta Business Transformation Project.
Assisted the Oracle DBA's in the layout of the SAN disk environment for the Oracle 11i Financial s Applications.

InterCall, West Point, Georgia Aug 2005 to Feb 2006
Research Analyst/Systems Administrator
Monitored Telecom Audio bridges.
Wrote bash shell scripts to provide data for analysis.
Queried the database to trouble shoot connection issues.

COMSQUARED SYSTEMS, Atlanta, Georgia April 2005 to Aug 2005
Solaris Systems Administrator (7,8,9)/PostgreSQL RDBMS Administrator
Monitored over 200 systems for disk space availability, printer queue operation, application performance, and network availability.
Wrote bash shell scripts to provide data for analysis. Troubleshooted Perl scripts.
Queried the database to solve application (web) issues.

BELLSOUTH.NET June 2004 to Dec 2004
Systems Administrator (Solaris 9, AIX 5.1, HP-UX 11i)
Installed 32 servers - HP, IBM and Sun. Installed and configured network connections. Installed and configured HP ServiceGuard. Configured disk mirroring and added users.
Installed and set up the Jumpstart Enterprise Toolkit on Solaris 9 to provide a jumpstart server for Solaris 8,9, and 10.
Installed and configured MC/Service Guard on two Hewlett Packard RP 5430 servers using an EMC
storage array for the shared disk space.

ACCENTURE Sep 2003 to Dec 2003
Systems Administrator (Solaris 8, HP-UX 11.0)
Configured hardware by installing network adapters and disk controllers. Installed machines into racks and cable the peripheral devices.
Configured the network interface cards to allow network access. Installed application software such as Oracle, Weblogic and Netbackup. Added users. Monitored system for availability, and performance. Used logical volume managers, such as Veritas, Solaris Disk Suite, HP LVM, to configure and manage disk space.
Installed and configured Netbackup server.
Created policies/schedules.
Installed client software on remote servers. Added clients to schedules. Monitored backups.
Installed and configured versions 7.x, 8.x of Weblogic, modified the operating systems to automatically start/stop Weblogic on system boot and shutdown.

HEWLETT PACKARD May 2001 to Feb 2003
Systems/Network Admin (HP-UX, Solaris 7/8, Red Hat) - Linux Systems/Web Administration
Installed servers and updated operating systems with patch bundles.
Installed Apache Web servers and FTP servers that reside in the DMZ.
Analyzed and rectified user connection problems.
Monitored network connections and outside attack attempts against the PIX firewalls.
Oracle DBA (8i, 9i) - Configured the filesystem/disk space to hold the installation and the initial tablespaces. Created the database owner's system environment. Installed the binaries and created the database and tablespaces required for users. Configured the operating system to automatically start/stop the database, as well as both hot and cold (online and offline) backups. Tested backups. Added database users. Monitored tablespace availability and RDBMS performance, adding tablespace when needed.
Network Engineer - Cisco Pix Firewall, Cisco routers, HP Procurve switches. Planned the local area network. Installed routers and hubs/switches. Created VLANS on the switches. Assigned IP address space for static IP's and DHCP IP's. Configured and monitored firewalls. Responsible for opening/closing ports to provide a secure but usable environment. Implemented and monitored company security policies.
Provided technical support for the development team on new and existing projects.

MED CENTER DIRECT.COM Feb 2001 to May 2001
Senior Systems Engineer (HP-IX, Solar is 7, Red Hat)
Linux System Administrator (Red Hat 7.3)
Responsible for configuration and maintenance of 32 HP-UX servers in a three tier configuration. First tier - http servers, second - application servers, third tier - database servers.
Configured a tape silo containing four 80GB DLT drives, a robotic picker and 128 slots for tapes. Also, a Sun DLT tape drive was configured at the corporate headquarters to backup the local network in that facility. There were several Sun workstations running Solaris 2.7 that I also maintained.
Responsible for maintenance of Linux boxes, which were used for http and php.

HEWLETT PACKARD May 99 to Jan 2001
Oracle Database Administrator BA (7.3, 8.0.5) Linux System/Web Administrator (Red Hat, Caldera)
Installed and maintained the Oracle Database used in the system developed by Hewlett Packard for testing for the FCC 271 project that allowed Bell South to offer long distance service. I also migrated the databases from 7.3 through 8.1.
Informix DBA (IIF.2000, Datablades) - Developed and tested an internal application that tracked the customer and their project while our group was developing and supporting that project, including contacts, serial numbers, licensing, and binary data such as Microsoft Word documents.
HP-UX 10.20, 11.0 Systems/Network Admin - Provided hardware and operating systems support as well as internal and external network support.
Set up FTP servers and Apache web servers on linux boxes outside our dmz for customers and developers.

Bell South Applied Technologies Feb 99 to May 99
Informix DBA (7.2) Support
Responsible for production and testing of databases.
Performed Backup and recovery of databases.
Responsible for table maintenance.
Performed application backend support.
Provided Informix database support to the Local Number Portability project that was required by the FCC in order for Bell South to enter the long distance market.

Hewlett Packard June 98 to Feb 99
Informix DBA
Supported Client/Server application for GTE.
Supported 22 Database Servers.
Provided Unix Systems and networking support for the Informix Environment
VMWare test environment for windows workstations

Nations Bank Feb 98 to June 98
DNS/DHCP Engineer
Provided third level support for IP infrastructure
Systems Administrator for Solaris 2.6, HP-UX 10.20, AIX 3.5

Hewlett Packard June 96 to Feb 98
Unix Systems administration (HP-UX 9.x, 10,x)
Provided Informix database support.
Provided installation and systems administration support for development team.
Set up DNS, NIS, and Automounter (NFS) file systems.
Infrastructure support to include firewall installation (Raptor).

Construction Market Data April 95 to June 96
Unix systems administration (HP-UX 9.x,SCO, Linux)
Responsible for installation and startup of new systems.
Provided technical support to remote sites via telnet and uucp connections.
PC installation and integration into both TCP/IP and Windows networks.

Automatic Data Processing July 94 to April 95
Technical Support Analyst
Provided technical support to customers.
Provided network and installation configuration support.
Provided internal network and database administration support.

Nipson Printing Systems Nov. 91 to July 94
Senior Systems Engineer
Presented and proposed hardware and software solutions.
Benchmark and test applications.
Modified and developed applications.
Provided solutions to business problems.
Provided technical support and account management to customers.

Bull Worldwide Information Systems Nov. 88 to Nov. 91
Senior Systems Engineer
Provided pre- and post sales support to marketing department and customers.
Installed and trained others in use of software products.
Analyzed future data processing requirements.
Performed application migration and conversion.

EDUCATION:
AAS in Data Processing Technology, University of Kentucky, 1986
Oracle RDBMS (8.x, 9.x)
Informix Online Dynamic Server Administration (7.x, 9.x)
Relational Concepts and Data Modeling
Unix Shell Programming
Unix Systems Administration
HP 9000 Systems Administration
HP 9000 v10.0 Network Administration
AWS Sys Ops

Certifications:
Hewlett Packard Certified HP-UX (10.x/11.x) Systems Administrator - December 1999
Contact this candidate