Motivated hard-working individual who demonstrates strong work ethic and creative ability. Technical professional with support experience in Linux and Windows systems. Seeking a position I can use my skill set and experience to contribute to an organization’s operational tempo and growth.

SKILLS
●Linux and Windows systems administration and troubleshooting.
●Experience with LVM to manage filesystems, logical volumes, volume groups, and physical volumes.
●Active Directory experience managing user accounts, groups, and computer objects.
●Highly proficient with Windows 7, 8, 8.1,10 and MAC OS X, troubleshooting iPadOS, iOS, watchOS, MacOS.
●Experience troubleshooting application issues.
●Experience replacing hardware in desktops and laptops.
●Bilingual, fluent in English and Spanish.

EXPERIENCE

EasBrynn LLC 2022 - Present
Remote
Junior Systems Administrator (Contractor)
●Manage RHEL 7 and 8 systems and perform maintenance as required.
●Investigate utilization on Linux filesystems for analysis and cleanup.
●Modify Linux system storage allocation for increase requests using LVM.
●Help end-users and staff with account access issues and adding permissions.
●Used ServiceNow ticketing system for change, requests, and incident tickets.
●Perform problem assessment and resolution following IT standards.
●Patch Windows systems using WSUS adhering to maintenance windows.
●Work with AWS EC2 instances and perform maintenance for AWS retired hardware.
●Work with Microsoft Azure and perform maintenance required.
●Work with VMware vCenter to manage virtual machines, modify resource allocation, snapshot management, and troubleshoot VM related issues.
●Manage 37,000+ accounts and 9,000+ endpoints.

Kelly Services 2021 - 2022
Remote
Senior Remote Mac+/Apple Support Advisor
●Maintain satisfactory resolution in a high call volume environment.
●Promoted to help with Mac devices in addition to previous role and responsibilities.
●Resolved issues with drives, crash reports, applications, and Mac startup failures.
●Escalation of customer complaints.

Remote Apple Support Advisor
●Account security crossed trained.
●Assisted callers with their Apple iOS devices, focusing on iPhones and transferring customers from Androids to iPhones.
●Assisted callers with their Apple accounts in any way needed, while maintaining guidelines, scope of support, and maintaining customer satisfaction.

Autozone 2019 - 2021
Zebulon, NC
Customer Representative
●Assisted any customers with friendly, informative, helpful service.
●Close out the register and update cash flow daily.
●Completed opening and closing duties.

EDUCATION

Nash Community College 2019 - 2021
Rocky Mount, NC 27801
Computer Engineering Technology
Completed 22 credits towards an AAS degree.
Contact this candidate