George Martin
*** ***** ******* ****
Spring Hill, TN 37174
931-***-****
931-***-****
adxixl@r.postjobfree.com

Objective:
Experienced Back Up and Systems Administrator

Work Experience:

Sept 2020 to Present
Blankenship IT Solutions
Systems Administrator

Use of ConnectWise suite to manage clients pcs, servers. We used passportal to sync AD passwords for our Clients. Configure and Managed Fortigate Firewalls and Fortiswitch switches. Helped our clients manage their ISP issues. NEC Phone System Administration. Setup and Manage Microsoft 365. Setup and manage Microsoft 365 Exchange

August 2019- Sept 2020
IT Client Services
Promises Behavioral Health

Provides user support and resolves problems, ensuring end user’s satisfaction
Monitors Support System for tickets assigned, responds quickly and effectively to the IT helpdesk queue and processes first-in first-out based on priority
Modifies configurations, utilities, software default settings, etc. for the local workstation
Utilizes and maintains the helpdesk tracking software
Documentation of new network hardware implementation
Salesforce Administration
Exchange 2013 Administration-user accounts, shared mailboxes, groups, active sync, public folders.
Installs, tests and configures new workstations, peripheral equipment and software
Maintains inventory of all equipment, software and software licenses
Reports issues for escalation
Manages PC setup and deployment for employees using standard hardware, images and software
Assign users and computers to proper groups in Active Directory
Performs PC maintenance, upgrades and configurations.
Provide assistance for smart phones and other messaging devices –, iPhone, Android, etc
Responsible for administration and internal support of the Company’s PCs, printers, servers, and related equipment.
Tasks include end user support, license tracking, and performing PC maintenance, upgrades and configurations
Provides remote assistance to The Right Step facilities and Elements Behavior Health sub-companies as requested or needed
Works along with other EBH IT staff to support the EBH network infrastructure.
Attend regularly scheduled department meetings
Provide onsite and remote support for regional facilities

6-2018- 8-2019 Operations/Tech Analyst Deloitte Consulting
Responsible for supporting the first and second line of issues for the TEDS client application, working with different types of users from around the state of TN. Help design Service Level Agreements, development of service desk processes and procedures as it relates to supporting the TEDS application

8/15 to 6/2017
Support.Com
Technical Support

Home network setup and repair including:Wireless configuration for all operating systems including Windows, iOS, OSx, and Android. Windows network configurations on XP, Vista, and 7, 8 and 10Router configuration. Wired and wireless home networks using multiple network technologies such as cable modems, routers, printers, etc. (DNS, DHCP, WAN, LAN, TCP/IP, Port Forwarding)
Peripherals set up:Game consoles iPads and other tablets,Printer and/or folder sharing Wireless printers

4/2015 to 7/2015
Cigna Healthcare (contract)
Operations Support
Provide for a smooth shift change by adequately transitioning all activities to the next shift operator and securing other areas of the facility when appropriate.
Track and analyze trends in IT Operations jobs and generate statistical reports.
Receive and log requests for support for help desk and other users, investigate problems and other requests for support and determines appropriate actions to take. Prioritize and escalate requests to the necessary parties. Create and respond to inquiries regarding file transfer protocol(ftp) issues, ftp creation, and vendor questions.Escalate any inquiries to Business Units, Service Desk and Development areas to resolve system issues and acts as a liaison until problem is resolved. Monitor application systems ie Activebatch, QNXT, MHC, etc. Note problems and identify performance trends. When approved, take corrective action to improve performance and to avoid problems arising. Perform critical processes across several different platforms such as MHC, QNXT, EZNet, Market Prominence, and Activebatch Document and work with the several departments to identify and resolve any process issues or Activebatch application issues. Record, track and document the problem-solving process, including all successful and unsuccessful decisions made, and actions taken, through to final resolution. Evaluate documented resolutions and analyze trends for ways to prevent repeated future problems Test fixes and perform post-resolution follow-ups to ensure problems have been adequately resolved Analyzes and resolves hardware/software/problems such as operational discrepancies, job aborts, and network issues. Refers problems to appropriate person when operators' best efforts cannot resolve. May occasionally develop software tools to enhance efficiency. Make recommendations for support process improvement, and implement changes. Helps with training of other employees. Update all outstanding Standard Operating Procedures(SOPs) pertaining to their shift to ensure that the team is working with the most up to date information. Maintains operations workflow (i.e.QNXT,MHC, and MP processes, Activebatch, MoveIT, etc.). Corrects and documents operational problems and discrepancies, including program changes and procedural changes as directed by supervisor or Application Development Specialist. Communicates changes in operating procedures and techniques to all operations personnel.

1-2015 to 4-1-2015
Mars Petcare (contract)
Desktop Support

Utilized company resources to transition sales personnel and offices to meet company standards.
Process consisted of setting up new laptops that were shipped to the customer. Backing up data on old laptop and moving date to new laptop. Used Go-To-Assist, Windows Easy Transfer in addition to phone support to complete tasks.

9/2014 – 12/2014
State of Tennessee (contract)
Desktop Support

Worked at the State of Tennessee Labor board on a 12 week project deploying/replacing desktops/laptops. Process included taking down old workstation hardware, replacing with new hardware (HP workstations).Used MDT scripts to copy user profiles from old machine to removeable media and then back to the new workstation. Configured email for user (Outlook 2010) and set up State of TN unemployment application on the workstations.

7/2014-9/2014
Asurion
Premier Support Solutions

This position is responsible for receiving inbound custome calls for the purpose of resolving issues with cellular handsets. Using various systems, applications and tools, the representative will facilitate device setup, device education, and troubleshooting if a service or feature is inoperable. Representative will educate customers about device capabilities and wireless carrier data product offerings. Using a web based tool the representative will provide feedback to the organization on customer issues and may participate in focus groups to review and rate tools provided. The Primary Duties and Responsibilities: * Take incoming calls from customers regarding their mobile devices * Assist customer with device set up and device education * Provide customer with logical troubleshooting to resolve operation issues * Using processes outlined, achieve First Call resolution standards * Provide a value added experience with outstanding customer service * Maintain quality call standards as trained. Proactively find new technology trends and solutions for knowledge base Basic Skills * Working knowledge of wireless technology and equipment

12/2012 to 06/2014
Ibex Global Spring Hill, TN
Field Support

Desktop imaging (MDT 2013 and Ghost) and setup for call center site which consisted of 1200 desktops including PC’s and IMac. Support and management of 400 IOS Apple Devices. Ipad, Ipod touch, apple tv. Management of all guest wi-fi devices which included the use of Air Port extremes to create and extend wi-fi access. Programming of Avaya/Polycom phones. Print server management Windows Server 2008 and Windows Server 2012. Group and account management in Active Directory for local OU. Assisted in design of group policy. Maintenance of cubicle wiring, re-punches etc. Responsible for generator checks for site. Office 2010/2013 end user assistance. Responsible for the access control system for our building (WinPak) Management of IT vendor contacts. Tracked all incidents in Trak-It

1/2006 to 12/2012
Metro Government Of Nashville Nashville, TN
Backup Administrator

Implementation/Administration of Commvault Simpana Back Up Software. Including Data Protection, Archiving, Off Site Replication and Deduplication. Manage a team of 2 technicians to help with Daily Back up, Reporting and Recovery Responsibilities. Responsible for over 60TB of data on VMware, Microsoft Exchange/Windows and Linux Platforms. Responsible for Server Recovery and Disaster Recovery plans. Server Builds(Dell PowerEdge) and all aspects of server management including hardware and OS(Windows 2003,Windows 2008). Tape Library Maintenance (Adic Scaler I2000), Fiber Channel Zoning(EMC Brocade). Monitor all servers in the back up infrastructure with SCCM, Dell Open Manage.

Meet or Discuss with customers (on a consistent basis) about upcoming projects or budgeting requirements that they need IT assistance with. Meet with customers to explore problem areas or opportunities for improvement in information handling requirements. Review system requirements from customer (or vendor), consults with experts, and coordinates with vendors to identify appropriate hardware and/or software solutions. Provide on-site support services to departments as needed

8/2005-1/2006
HealthSpring Nashville, TN
Desktop Support

Support 400 Desktop(IBM, Dell) and Laptop(IBM R 51, T 42) computers, 50 Printers(Xerox, HP). Image and configuration of computers using Ghost,Windows setup manager and scripting. Using Windows XP Pro and Windows 2000 Pro OS. Creation of login accounts in AD, Exchange System Manager for exchange accounts(Exchange 2000), Terminal Services manager for TS users. Put members in correct groups, grant access to network shares,network printers and network applications. Installation of all software applications: Mckesson Care Manager products, MicroDyne products, Abra, Act Database, Office XP, Norton Anti Virus. Answer help desk calls on Tennessee help desk and log tickets into Track-IT.

6/2004-6/2005
Regional West Medical Center Scottsbluff, NE
Desktop Support

Hardware Support: of over 1000 desktop and laptop computers running Windows XP, 2000, and 98, all hardware repair/maintenance including hard drive replacements, network cards(wireless and wired),motherboard, controller card, memory upgrades, scanners and input devices. Maintenance of Laser and Ink jet printers and fax machines including cleaning, replacing parts and toner, jet direct cards.OS troubleshooting:diagnose operating system(Windows XP, 2000, 98) issues including performance tuning, system registry, local policies, network connectivity, removal of spy ware, viruses and Trojans, domain password resets, email password resets

Software Support: included user operation and instruction of Microsoft
Office 97, 2000, XP products(Word, Excel, Access, Outlook and Power Point), McKesson Clinical applications(PC View, Meds Manager, Portal, Surgical Manager, PPM) Installation of MS SQL 2000 Client, Sonic Wall VPN client and Remote Access via dial up or broadband, Maintenance of many Access databases, user connectivity to these databases,troubleshooting reports, queries and forms.Desktop Security Policies: by implementation of group policies to the Appropriate OU managing application permissions, share permissions, desktop environment and user interface

3/2002-2/2004
Nashville Public Library Nashville, TN
Network Administrator

Hardware Support: Support of over 50 Servers(Windows NT 4, Windows 2000 Advanced), 1200 desktops/laptops (Windows NT 4, 2000, XP), 200 Printers(HP Laser Jet 4000 Series), Cisco 2600 routers, Cisco 1000 Switches, Meridian Option 11C PBX phone switch, repair/maintenance, backup and configuration of all items

LAN/WAN support: troubleshoot any LAN or WAN connectivity or performance issues, LAN closet and patch panel wiring, setup of new routers and switches

Network Administration: Maintained all security groups, shares, group policies, password policies, application access, MS Exchange 5.5/2000 Server administration, Upgraded 5 NT 4 networks to Windows 2000 AD including Exchange 5.5 to 2000, Maintained DHCP and DNS scope on 18 NT 4 and 3 Windows 2000 Servers, Managed Anti-Virus on all Workstations
and Servers with Mcafee Management Edition, Managed OS patches with Shavlik HfNetChk Pro, Managed MS Site Server for web reports and statistics of web site, Managed Nortel Option 11C digital phone switch, add/removed phones, numbers, wireless phones, voice mailboxes, wiring from cubicle to switch closets.

11/2001-3/2002
Dell Computers Nashville, TN Laptop Technical Support

Assisted Customers over telephone with Dell Laptop hardware and software issues: Installation of Operating Systems (Windows XP, 2000, ME, 98), installation of email clients (Outlook Express, Outlook, Eudora, Netscape), resolution of complex hardware issues, modem issues, motherboard issues, charging problems, video and display problems, BIOS upgrades, network card installations, wireless card installations. Overview of how to burn CD’s, Usage of Microsoft Works, MS Office XP and other Dell applications packaged with laptops. Took escalations from less experienced technicians

9/2000-7/2001
Bluestar Communications Nashville, TN
Technical Support

Assisted Customers over telephone with installation and setup of Netopia, Flowpoint, Lucent and Cisco routers for broadband access. Setup firewall features of routers, DHCP, LAN interface configuration, Port Forwarding services. Assisted customers with configuring workstations for DHCP on Windows 2000, XP, 98 computers. Helped customers upload web sites to our Front Page Web Server and Standard Web Server. Assisted Customer with SMTP mail account setups clients included Outlook, Outlook Express, Eudora,Netscape.

Arthur Andersen Worldwide Sarasota, FL
Desktop Support
4/1998-6/2000
Assist with the deployment of hardware and software to clients (including the installation, configuration and testing of more complex firm hardware) Respond to customers' telephone inquiries concerning support requests, systems status, and network connectivity. Resolve problems associated with firm-standard software and hardware. Identify sources and trends of technical problems to prevent future occurrences. Assist with back-up tape maintenance, quality control server room checks, and software installation on network file servers. Assist with network setup off-site and the creation of network documentation. Create network file server user accounts(Novell 4)

Education: Manatee Community College 1994-1997 Bradenton, FL

A.S., Information Systems Analysis and Design
ITIL Version 3 Certified
Microsoft Certified Professional- Windows 2000 Server

Courses in college included: Visual Basic programming, Java and HTML programming, Access, Word, Excel, Operating Systems Fundamentals, DOS, Windows NT Networking, Novell 3 Networking, Hardware and Digital Circuit Repair, Object Oriented Systems Design, Financial Accounting, Management and Business,

References: Available upon request.
Contact this candidate