Matthew Meunier
303-***-**** adxn3g@r.postjobfree.com Weirton, WV 26062
IT Manager
Summary: Dedicated and results-oriented IT Manager with extensive experience directing secure network systems for diverse clientele. Background in server engineering, administration, infrastructure, security, and maintenance. Known for streamlining operations throughout all stages of implementation to increase efficiencies and ensure optimal integration. Valued leader of cross-functional teams with proven success in fast-paced, deadline-driven environments. Key strengths:
Release Management Staff Training & Development Network Imaging Backup & Recovery Architecture Scripting
Data Collection Stakeholder Relations System Testing & Upgrading End-User Experience Root Cause Analysis
Technical Documentation Security Risk Management Regulatory Compliance Process Improvement Cost Control
Technical Proficiencies
Citrix IIS Apache Tomcat VMWare Cylance Rumba Norton Anti-Virus Trend Micro VFMS Visio MS Project
Acrobat Unix Linux Microsoft Exchange Server SQL Server Citrix Virtual Apps NetApp Solar Winds Novell
DOS ITIL Unitrends Caliber Remedy Perl XML HTML Visual Basic XenApp ArcGIS ArcIMS ArcSDE
Microsoft Server OS 2012–2019 GeoGraphix PowerShell Windows 7–10 Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, O365)
Professional Experience
Coterra Energy (Prev. Cabot Oil & Gas), Pittsburgh, PA March 2020 to October 2022
Network Analyst
Recruited to return to previous employer to revitalize Pennsylvania office IT department within billion-dollar oil and gas company. Served as IT infrastructure professional supervising network security, software patches, application release management, and disaster recovery. Received 2 direct reports and coordinated with satellite locations, headquarters, and Accounting and Finance teams to maintain all networks and wireless access points. Oversaw phone, desktop, laptop, server, peripheral, and PC software package support in addition to ServiceNow ticketing system. Installed updates for Microsoft, Geographix, ArcGIS, AS400, and more. Prepared for new project rollouts by conducting extensive testing on Windows 10. Orchestrated inventory for multiple remote offices.
Led seamless merger of Cabot and Cimarex, integrating active directory (AD) settings, organizational unit (OU) additions, group policies, email lists, shared folders, and other technologies/software to fit new business needs.
Adapted daily procedures to accommodate COVID-19 pandemic within first week of start date, developing comprehensive remote solutions for regional team to guarantee minimal production lapses.
oInstilled previously nonexistent disaster preparedness plan to establish protocols for future emergencies.
oConducted successful return to office, piloting security standards during transition.
Boosted overall efficiency and security by eliminating backlog of outdated active directory users/groups and deleting redundant/untracked key cards.
Improved internal communication and ticketing times and rebuilt confidence in IT department by monitoring prompt completion of submitted requests.
Originated computer inventory tracking, server data merging, and automated/remote PC processing systems to increase program efficacy and save time in computer building practices.
Ensured long-lasting best practices by training all new hires and updating materials as appropriate.
oPersonally mentored multiple employees in furthering professional advancement, encouraging career success through continued education and involvement opportunities.
Created online resource for geographic information system (GIS) team to share large database of maps and aerial photography, enabling employees and outside contractors to obtain accurate information.
Lumen (Prev. CenturyLink), Littleton, CO October 2018 to February 2020
Network/Operations Technician
Hired to troubleshoot multilayer network issues for wide-ranging clientele at billion-dollar communications services company. Worked with small corporations and large conglomerates on ethernet and transport layer circuits for global end users. Utilized command-line interface, Putty, in addition to Remedy and Ops Console ticketing systems, MS Windows 10 PC, Office 365, Teams, and Skype to quickly resolve roadblocks. Performed request for comment (RFC) testing to prove demarcation equipment and circuit throughput onsite and at local network operating centers (NOC). Met with third-party vendors, field technicians, and local exchange carriers regularly. Trained teammates.
Gained trust of upper management by contributing consistent results, becoming go-to technician for team training and large problem resolution.
Cynet Systems, Denver, CO December 2017 to February 2018
Deskside Support Technician
Handled equipment configuration, maintenance, repairs, installation, and upgrades for IT staffing and engineering consulting business. Ordered supplies, set up software via SCCM and Bomgar, and ran system users through Active Directory and Group Policy. Completed incident reports and change requests through proper channels.
NexGen Technologies Inc., Lakewood, CO November 2012 to April 2016
Senior Windows/Citrix Server Administrator
Brought on to support new contract with Bureau of Land Management (BLM) covering thousands of multi-state end-users at establishment specializing in government contract work. Supervised release management for commercial-off-the-shelf, in-house, and custom application packages, conducting tests to prepare for live production server applications. Administered Windows and Citrix server farms for public and private use. Coordinated between multiple departments and government entities to complete project goals.
Received Government award for large ePlanning project providing internal and external government user services, becoming one of NexGen’s largest accomplishments.
Finalized BLM and National Forest Service joint system initiative, obtaining in-depth understanding of Environmental Systems Research Institute (ESRI) application suite by collaborating with database administrators, programmers, project managers, network engineers, and system developers.
Retained MBI security clearance and level 4 user account.
Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation Systems, Pittsburgh, PA March 2010 to October 2012
Systems Administrator/Engineer, 2011 to 2012
Self-Employed Contractor, 2010 to 2011
Promoted to full time position instituting system administration for 85 staff members while merging 2 offices into new location. Set up individual desktops/phones and ran network cable/connected server room equipment.
Upgraded entire phone system to Cisco VOIP over one weekend, replacing control system and individual desk phones.
Achieved role of Department Lead after taking on additional responsibilities and extending original 6-week contract multiple times.
Encouraged safe practices by introducing ergonomic routines.
Contributed new technologies for PC image creation and built high-end machines to efficiently run software.
Additional experience as Sr. Systems Administrator, Technical Assistant, Network Engineering Technician II & Long-Distance Operator at Qwest Communications, Denver, CO. June 1999 to February 2010
Education
BS in Information Technology, University of Phoenix, Phoenix, AZ
AS in Network Engineering, Red Rocks Community College, Lakewood, CO
Contact this candidate