Frank Calabrese
Washington, NJ 908-***-**** adxnxf@r.postjobfree.com

SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR
Dynamic and accomplished Systems Administrator with expertise and experience in comprehensive troubleshooting of complex issues and concerns within challenging IT environments. Accomplished leader with comprehensive business and technical acumen, solid collaboration and team building skills. Innate ability to build and sustain relationships to streamline fluid and relevant communications.
Signature Competencies

Collaborative Team Building Training / Mentoring Process Improvement Strategic Vision & Planning
Relationship Building Creative Problem Solving Organizational Effectiveness Communication Skills Web Services Computer Networking System Administration Active Directory Systems Architecture Network Engineering

TECHNOLOGY PROFILE - Active Directory Windows 2012, 2008, 2003, 2000 Server Microsoft Exchange Lotus Notes Windows 7, 10 Citrix AS/400 JDA Kronos RightFax Lawson Cisco ASC Bluecoat Proxy SG Customer1 Remedy ServiceNow Proteus Hyena My Offers PDM EOM Oracle

Professional Experience

Information Systems Manager / Lead Analyst Bed Bath & Beyond
Union, NJ 2014 - Present
●Manage a high performing team of technicals in the daily and routine operations for a user base of 50,000+ end users.
●Effectively review and delegate workload including process system access requests through industry-specific ticketing system.
●Utilize root cause analysis to troubleshoot multiple software applications and programs including Active Directory, Office365, AS/400, JDA, Citrix, Oracle, and Warehouse Management.
●Ensure the proper user access and permissions to server resources as needed.
●Install, assign, and configure secure tokens for VPN access utilizing RSA to streamline operations.
●Develop and implement comprehensive processes and procedures to adhere to industry best practices.

Information Systems Supervisor Bed Bath & Beyond
Union, NJ 2013 - 2014
●Oversaw a team of talented and high performing technicians including delegating workload, personnel evaluations, and scheduling.
●Managed daily and routine operations including reviewing and triaging tickets into an industry-specific ticketing system to streamline operations.
●Provide world class customer and client service, troubleshooting issues and concerns until reconciliation.
●Created and designed DNS and DHCP entries and changes to the company utilizing Proteus IPAM software as needed.
●Configured secure tokens for VPN access utilizing RSA.

Information Systems Analyst Bed Bath & Beyond
Union, NJ 2008 - 2013
●Managed the review and processing of security requests through Fax, email, and other modes of communication.
●Drove the monitoring and rectification of requests for IT security and Customer1 help desk programs.
●Ensured proper troubleshooting of complex hardware and software programs until reconciliation.
●Configured comprehensive access to server resources through mappings or AD group memberships.
●Effectively processes employee separations to better streamline operations.

Senior Network Technician CCDOM
Perth Amboy, NJ 1999 - 2008
●Collaborated with Network Management to administer Windows 2003, Windows 2000, Windows NT 4.0, and Exchange 2003 in a WAN environment.
●Served as technical support for 20 servers and 700+ PCs and peripherals within a territory covering 4 counties and 25 agency sites.
●Served as a key partner in the migration from Windows NT 4.0 to Windows 2000, and Windows 200 to a Windows 2003 environment.
●Installed and configured 700+ Windows XP workstations in a WAN environment, network and print servers, and third-party client and server-based applications to streamline operations.
●Oversaw the management of an electronic network and desktop support system including the review and investigation of service requests from end-users.
●Drove a complex project converting 650+ Windows 95/98 PCs with Office 97 to Windows XP Professional with Office XP.

Education

CERTIFICATE Computer Electronics / Network Technician Dover Business College

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT CompTIA A+ Certified Microsoft MCP Microsoft MCSA - Server 2003
Contact this candidate