Operating Systems:

Red Hat *, *, * & Centos *, 6 and 7,
Virtualization:
VMware, ESXi, VSphere, VCenter, Vmotion, vConverter
Patching:
YUM and RPM, Yum repo server
Storage:
SAN, NAS, NFS, LVM, gdisk, fdisk, parted
DevOps Tools:
Ansible, Bash scripting, Git, Docker
Applications/ Servers:
TCP/IP, DNS, HTTPD, Apache, SSH, RAID, Pxeboot
Backup & Troubleshooting
Monitoring
DevOps Tools
Cloud
Netbackup, ILO, IDRAC
Nagios, Prometheus
Ansible, Ansible Tower, GIT, Gitlab, GitHub, Dockers, Kubernetes
AWS (EC2, IAM, S3, Glacier, EBS, EFS, ELB, Autoscaling, CloudTrail, CloudWatch)

Sr. Linux Admin • Bank of China, NYC, NY
November 2020 – Present
●Responsible for installation, configuration, and management of Red Hat RHEL 6.x, 7.x, 8.x, and CentOS.
●Maintaining and support for the Corporate Linux servers (Red Hat RHEL 6.x, 7.x, 8.x and CentOS).
●Creating users, managing user permissions, and file systems on Red hat Linux.
●Installing, removing, and upgrading packages using RPM and YUM.
●Implementing PXE-boot with kickstart over the network for automating Linux installations.
●Patching through Ansible and getting updates from Red Hat Satellite.
●Experience in creating, tweaking, and managing Ansible playbooks.
●Creating Ansible playbooks for application deployments, user management, and configuration of remote servers.
●Creating inventory in Ansible for automating the continuous deployment.
●Building and maintaining ESXi (5.5, 6.0, 6.7) servers and VMs on vCenter via vSphere client.
●Using Vmotion to migrate Virtual Machines.
●Creating Virtual machines through templates on vCenter.
●Created and configured a yum local repository Server.
●Troubleshooting Linux OS with no heartbeat after applying patches. Resolving post-patch issues including but not limited, INITRAMFS, compatibility issues, and kernel panic.
●Supporting other teams to troubleshoot configuration management and network issues
●Resolving DNS issues using nslookup and dig. Creating SSH keys for users when necessary. Managed key-based authentication and ensured password less authentication.
●Creating partitions with customized file systems (EXT3, EXT4, XFS).
●Configuring LVM (Logical Volume Manager) to manage volume group, logical and physical partitions, and importing new physical volumes.
●Responsible for designing, installing, configuring, and tuning upgrades of RedHat Linux. Taking care of troubleshooting NFS server issues.
●Installed and configured lamp stack (Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP)
●Configuring TCP/IP, DNS, NFS, HTTP, SAMBA, and SSH
●Installing, configuring, managing, and troubleshooting apache web server.
●Resolving issues related to Network using traceroute, netstat, tcpdump.
●Working on Day-to-Day server maintenance tasks using commands ping, top, vmstat, and iostat.
●Using the version control system GIT to manage, modify repositories, and push code to GIT lab.
●Creating branch and arranging upload of feature branch to GIT lab, creating request to merge feature with the master branch.
●Managing docker containers on CLI and creating and removing docker images.
●Experience with container-based deployments using Docker, Docker Hub and Docker registries. Experience in microservices deployment using Docker.
●Using SNOW Ticketing systems to offer support and resolve incidents.
●Troubleshooting network security-related issues with iptables and firewall.
●Editing linux kernel modules and parameters. Implemented performance tuning.
●Monitored the Health of the infrastructure and mission-critical servers using nagios.
●Experience in Password Recovery of RHEL 6 & RHEL 7.
●Implemented CRON jobs to schedule tasks for automation.

• Linux Systems Administrator • New York Presbyterian Hospital, NY
March 2018 – September 2020
●Managed multiple virtual machines and data stores through VMware ESXI, VSphere.
●Participated in the decommissioning process of servers.
●Ensured fault tolerance with user security and disk space management to optimize the server utilization up to speed.
●Solved issues pertaining to disk management using CLI tools for LVM and static partitions using fdisk and gdisk utilities.
●Created file systems (EXT3, EXT4, and XFS), troubleshooting and fixing file system corruption.
●Created swap files and partitions, helped create a bash script to automate the process.
●Resolved assigned and alert tickets using JIRA, raised, and resolved incident tickets within the SLA timeframe.
●Monitored the health of the system and infrastructure using Nagios dashboard. Monitored OMD alerts.
●Accessed console using iDrac (Dell servers), and iLO (HP server) for troubleshooting purposes.
●Followed up with the application, hardware vendors for enhancements, upgrades, and technical support as required.
●Used GitLab to collaborate with the team and add the files in the remote repository.
●Used SAR to gather system activity reports, analyzing performance data critically to resolve issues and perform RCA.
●Installed and configured network devices like switches, routers, modems, and wireless applications.
●Maintained maximum network uptime by setting and managing LAN and WAN.
●Identify, perform troubleshoot network issues related to TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, NFS Ethernet performance, routing, and other infrastructure servers.
●Performed network vulnerability scans using networking tools on Linux CLI (traceroute, ping, tcpdump, ip addr).
●Managed fixed static and major dynamic IP allocation to prevent network downtime.
●Setup user accounts and permissions on all Linux production systems.
●Created the RAID levels and worked with both software and hardware RAIDs for getting better performance, redundancy, and parity.
●Monitored and set up cron jobs for issues regarding backups and python, shell scripts.
●Created remote authentication of users setting Active Directory with the LDAP protocol.
●Created and managed SSH keys on all Linux systems to ensure secure remote access excluding root password.

• Linux Analyst • Yahoo, Lockport, NY
February 2017 – January 2018
●Managed system resources and configured CPU, Memory, SWAP.
●Troubleshoot Network-based issues.
●Install and upgrade software on Linux using RPM and YUM.
●Responsible for User Management and Permissions.
●Implemented Sudo utility throughout the environment.
●Experience with FDISK and parted utilities for partition of the disks.
●Configured and upgraded system software that supports infrastructure applications.
●Performed troubleshooting of SSH errors and key-less entry issues.
●Implemented RAID levels on RAID-0, RAID-1, RAID-5, RAID-10.
●Performance analysis and monitoring health using sar, iostat, vmstat, and top commands.
●Contributed to documentation.
●Utilized SCP & RSYNC to transfer data.

Education
• University of the Punjab • Bachelor 2004

Career Summary
Overall +6 years of experience in Linux administration with proven abilities to build, provision, deploy and configure Linux systems in an enterprise setting. Exposure to a hybrid environment with excellent capacity of troubleshooting and resolving issues related to operating systems, Kernel, and networking. Worked with DevOps tools like Ansible, GIT, and Docker. I am seeking an opportunity where I can implement experience, add value to the organization, and get the opportunity to grow with exposure to more advanced technologies.
Technical Skills
Contact this candidate