I do not have a resume because I'm retired. I had to stop working early to care for my husband who had Alzheimer's disease

****-****: T.I.S.
I began working orders and putting books bought at buy-back from students where they belonged.

When they began publishing college textbooks I was selected to learn to typset and edit the books. They stopped publishing and I left to take a better paying position at The Herald-Times newspaper

1984-2001: The Herald-Times
I spent the first five years creating ads and laying out newspaper pages. We used hot wax to adhere the type to the pages.

Then I was the night-shift manager of composing for a few years. In 1995 my son was killed in a traffic accident and his oldest daughter was starting school. I was a hot mess for a few weeks, then I applied to, and was offered the job of print plant manager for the Bloomington Hospital.

When I gave my notice the general manager called me at home and asked if I would consider working in IT. So, I enrolled in college to get an IT degree and the "real" learning commenced.

From 2000 to 2003 I was the Systems Administrator. On call 24/7/365.

Then the reality of the digital explosion set in and newspapers were hard hit. They wanted to save money so they asked me to train another manager (who only knew how to turn on his Mac) and my salary would be the same as the new guy who had only been there six months. I declined the offer and gave my two weeks notice

2003-2008: Cook Medical
I was hired at Cook in the marketing division to create all of their catalogs. These were updated yearly. I also checked every file that was going "out-of-house" to make sure it would print correctly.

In 2006 I was told by my doctor that he suspected my husband had Alzheimer's. He was okay at home for a couple of years then I started noticing things weren't going well.

About this time I broke my ankle. After nine months of wearing a boot I had exhausted all of my PTO and vacation time. HR called me to the office to let me know they were giving me an extra two-weeks PTO. Well that didn't sit well with my manager so she went to HR and told them I had physically threatened her. I don't think I've physically threatened anyone in my life, but they had to fire me. They gave me a generous exit interview (in which the required witness kept crying) along with a generous check.

It was all for the best. I needed to be home with my husband. I did graphic design from home on Upwork. For about 3 years this worked. Then my husband's personality changed and he would grab the phone out of my hand and curse at my clients. After losing 4 steady clients I decided it was time to fully retire.

Deborah Robinson
4646 N Annhurst Drive
Bloomington, IN 47404
Contact this candidate