Brian A. Beard

Email: adxxpb@r.postjobfree.com cell: 770-***-****

Network Engineer II

Over 20 years experience in the field of Information Technology. Currently improving network operations for a cloud based agency.

Summary
Experienced in server and network operations, team operations and individual contributions, server capacity and performance monitoring, providing technical support, troubleshooting and resolution of Tier 1, 2, and 3 incidents, Disaster Recovery, technical and training documentation, customer (client) support.

Technical Skills

Windows Server thru 2012
SuSE Linux
Customer Service
VMWare ESX/ESXi, vCenter
Rsync
Remote Support
Novell NetWare
eDirectory
Incident Management
Backup Management
Active Directory
Change management
Server Migration
Cisco Switch Configuration

Desktop Migration
Meraki AP Installation and Configuration
Visio
Cloud Technologies

Configured and deployed Meraki wireless access points in central and field offices.
Proficient with Ricoh, Xerox, and traditional deployment for cloud printing.
Experienced in building, troubleshooting, and maintaining Novell, Windows and SuSE Linux servers
System Administrator for NetWare 6.0 and 6.5 servers and Windows 2003, 2008 servers for IBM IT Conversion
Built and deployed VMWare virtual machines on SLES 10 for development and production use.
Management of Novell NetWare, SuSE Linux and Windows NT thru 2008 servers
Network Administration
Customer support with network, server, and desktop issues
Using rsync to backup data
Project coordination, implementation, and completion
Cisco switch configuration: 2950, 2960
Technical documentation

Employment History
Network Engineer II
Department of Community Supervision – April 2016 – Present
Migrated field offices (cisco switches) into a new DCS network.
Configure cisco switches for new office installations.
Installed and managed Meraki wireless access points in central offices and 73 field offices.
Manage cloud printing for the agency.
Troubleshoot and resolve technical and cloud issues for end users.

Sage -- December 2015 – April 2016
Technical Support Analyst: Technical and Product Support for Sage customers.

OnePath Systems LLC – November 2014 – December 2015
1099 contract position.
Migration support for State Agencies (IBM) and network support for State Agencies (AT&T)
Member of the IBM Transformation Team, Converting NetWare environments to Windows environments. Still available for weekend work.

IBM Contractor \ Server Operations : State of Georgia : June 2009 – November 2014
Systems Administrator
●GA Dept. of Human Resources – Server, Desktop, and User migrations from NetWare to Windows
●GA Dept. of Natural Resources – Novell Systems Administrator
●GA Dept. of Revenue server support – Windows Systems Administrator
●GA Dept. Of Corrections server support - Central Office move from Atlanta to Forsyth
●Participated in various projects involving virtual machines on Linux hosts
●Participated in the Disaster Recovery exercise in Boulder (twice)
●Supporting over 200 NetWare servers in Datacenters and field locations.
●Supported over 400 Microsoft Windows servers in central offices.
●Supported over 20 Linux servers in central offices and field sites.
●Supported LAN infrastructure consisting of Windows 2003 Active Directory

Contractor \ Network Engineer : GA Dept. of Corrections : January 2003 – June - 2009
●Supported over 250 Novell, SuSE Linux, and Windows servers.
●Being the primary point of contact for the technical issues affecting Windows security
●Moved 120 production and development servers from two separate central locations to a Tier 4 data center.
●Worked on migration for the virtualization (VMware ESX) of critical production infrastructure
●Maintained eDirectory for the network.
●Supported the transfer of data to the SAN from central and field servers with Rsync for backup to tape.
●Supported data tape backup with ArcServe and BackupExec.
●Built NetWare servers for new field sites and duplicate replacements for dead field servers.
●Built SuSE Linux servers for various virtualization projects.
●Migrated Legacy NetWare servers to a Virtual Environment.

Contractor \ Help Desk Analyst : GA Dept. of Corrections : March 2000 – January 2003
●Supported customers from over 150 facilities throughout the state, central and remote.
●Assisted end users with desktop and network printing problems.
●Managed assignments and work flow with a Remedy Service Desk application.
●Coordinated assistance with field and central support personnel.

Contractor \ Field Technician : GA Dept. of Corrections : April 1999 – December 1999
●Traveled throughout the state installing PCs and upgrading software.

Hunter Douglas, Inc. : 1990 - 1999
●Plant Engineer - Contract Facility
- Upgraded and refurbished production machinery
- Designed and built small conveyor belts
- Installed overhead conveyor system
- Managed maintenance staff and equipment
●Field Service Representative
- Based out of Tupelo, Mississippi supporting the south east United States
- Upgraded and refurbished production machinery at various locations
- Involved in starting up new manufacturing facilities
- Trained employees on production equipment
- Provided customer service

Education
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering Technology : 1989
University of Tennessee

Certifications
Novell CNE, ITILv3, CompTia A+, CompTia Network+ in progress
Contact this candidate