Dishea Cain

Chino Hills, CA 314-***-**** ady0s6@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

IT professional with over 20+ years of extensive experience in IT – Healthcare, Pharmaceutical, Banking & Transit. Successful management history of achieving cost savings and enhancing system functionality. Proven track record of tackling and solving tough business and technical problems. Strong leader with demonstrated ability to work effectively with individuals at all functional levels. Experience managing full project lifecycle from requirements gathering to final implementation and customer training.

EDUCATION TRAINING

CompTIA A+ New Horizon
CompTIA Network + New Horizon
CompTIA Security + New Horizon
CompTIA Cloud + New Horizon
https://www.credly.com/users/dishea-cain
Microsoft® Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS)
Microsoft® Certified Professional
MCTS: Windows 7, Configuration
Microsoft® Certified Systems Administrator on Microsoft Windows Server 2003 MCTS: Microsoft® System Center Operations Manager, Configuration
Microsoft Azure and Microsoft's Enterprise Mobility Suite training– Microsoft Office-Mountain View
Kaye Validator AVS Training - Amphenol Advanced Sensors
Quilogy: 2780A Maintaining a MS SQL Server 2005 Database
Central Methodist College - Fayette, MO
Major: Computer Science\Biology
University of Missouri-St. Louis - St. Louis, MO
Management Information Systems, 9 Hours
University of Missouri St. Louis
Health Information Technology training
Novell, NT, MS Office, HTML, & Visual Basic
United States Air Force - Tinker AFB, OK
Technical training in computer analysis/application and hospital administration

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Servers: Windows Server 2008/2012, Exchange Server 2000/2003-2007, Citrix Metaframe Server 3.5, SQL Server 2005
Application Packages: SCCM 2007/2012, Hyper V 2012, System Center VMM 2007, Microsoft Intune, PDQ Deploy, Centrify, TestTrack, IQ Navigator, Workday, Maximo,
, EPICOR, Office 365, Office 2016, 2013, 2010, Crystal Reports, Identity Manger SQL, Word Perfect Office, CEIS, and CHCS
Pharmaceutical Applications: Kaye Validator, Galaxie Chromotograph, Agilent Open Lab & ChemStor, Agilent ChemStation, Rheometrics, Open LAB,
Software Operating Systems: Win10, Win7, Win XP, Win2000, NT, Novell, SQL2005
Audio Visual Software: PolyCom, Skype, GoToMeeting
Printer Utilities: HP Jet Admin 4.3, Marx Vision 4.71, Printer Console
Mail Utilities: Outlook 2010/2007, Exchange, Lotus Notes, MS Mail
Remote Utilities: Bomgar, SpiceWorks, SMS Administrator Console, Remote Administrator, Virtual
Help Desk Software: Track-It, Heat, Vantive, Quintus, Support Magic, EResolution
Legacy System: EPICOR, OSAS, STAR, MEDIC, VISION, CMAS, DEERS, EAS III-MEPRS, RAPS
BackUp: Storage Craft BDR, Symantec BackUp Exec 10D, Veritas

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Three Commas Marketing November 2021 to April 2023
Lead Systems Engineer

Provide insight to senior management and business leaders on integration of Intune and Office365 with Three Commas marketing software.
Deployed Office 365, end user training and document creation
Managed team of contractors during Intune deployment
Managed Service Desk team
Resolve incidents and issues that are escalated from Service Desk
Performing regular maintenance tasks on managed devices to include firmware updates and patching of operating systems

Pyramid Consulting MUFG Union Bank October 2019 to September 2021
Systems Administrator SME (Java AMC End Point Security)
Manage Qualys IT Security and Compliance updates and data
Develop workflows, process, and automation procedures with PowerShell scripts (Java security Application Security)
PDQ Deploy for bulk software deployment
Mange AMC Ruleset for Java deployment/legacy machines and collaborate with Oracle for Java issues
Built excellent relationships with the application development team and their managers, created quarterly testing teams
Overseer for incident and problem management calls and managed project request queues
Problem solver, End users training and document creation for Intune Company Portal.
Partnered with teammates and other IT groups to research, assess, and recommend improvements for security issues.
Created work tickets for Packaging group for new software deployment
Security Management tools (i.e., AMC, SCCM, Jira)

InSite Vision, Inc. Pharmaceuticals Sun Pharma August 2015 to September 2019
IT Site Lead Systems Administrator
Manage IT Department and Provide Windows administration, Lan/WAN/VPN administration, VMware administration.
Manage AD/DNS, wireless access points, ShoreTel VOIP administration. Implement offsite and cloud based backup/disaster recovery solutions. Pharmaceutical IT Laboratory administration support.
Setup new DNS and DHCP server, decommissioned old servers and changed IP Scope. • Managed Office move, new Cat6 upgrade, replaced 4 bonded T1’s with Fiber and Shortel phone system move all on time and within budget. Cut IT budget nearly in half by renegotiating contracts for cell phones, AT&T fiber, copiers and annual support contracts.
Manage, administer, and support all systems, networks, and application infrastructure (e.g., LAN/WAN, firewalls, routers, systems security, global email systems, etc.)
Manage Symantec Endpoint protection, Switched to BMC Client Management during merger
Manage SCCM for client install, software deployment, software, and hardware inventory.
Administer Microsoft Windows Servers (Active Directory), Microsoft Workstations, and network security devices.
Configure and maintain WatchGuard AP Wi-Fi 4 access points, Guest Lan on DMZ.
ShoreTel Administrator administer shore switches, setup phones and train users.
Responsible for security equipment, including Watchguard XTM 515 Firebox with 30 VPN user and spam blocking utilities, as well as Symantec Antivirus System Center/Exchange
Configure, monitor, maintain and troubleshoot Exchange server and associated technologies for Email data transport (Anti-SPAM, DNS, SMTP) and OWA (Outlook Web Access)
Administer Storage Craft BDR for Backup and Restore of network data Re-configuring routers between sites, IP Sec tunnels LAN-to-LAN
Manage Vendors for network, hardware and Lab equipment Manage contract employees assigned to IT group

ADP June 2015 to July 2015
LAN Support III
SCCM project desktop and servers.
Desktop support, break fix for internal users
BOMGAR remote software/peripheral support SOPHOS endpoint protection support
MacAfee Desktop upgrade
Equifax July 2012 to January 2015
Systems Engineer
Create AD accounts utilizing active directory administrative center
Utilize PowerShell to change/update AD accounts and link Exchange mail
System Center VMM 2007/2012 & Hyper V 2012, Provision and manage Servers IDM application integration, created repositories in Active Directory and LDAP
Technical troubleshooting of issues across all platforms within the data centers. Managed 24/7 Data Center projects of 6 employees
Managed Data Center project to update Data Center U Space spreadsheet. Managed Data Center project to update ITAM and ILO databases.
Managed Data Center project to install SCOM and SCCM sever client.
Work with Operations Department, Database Management, and Product Development teams for technical matters and problem resolution of any client issues.
Monitoring, maintenance, upgrade and support of all Windows servers, hardware, software, and peripherals.
Accurately communicates project status to VP of Infrastructure and Manager of Data Center Engineering
Provide timely, detailed, and accurate resolution for all issues/projects assigned.
Effectively work in partnership with the Human Resources Team and Other functional leaders to streamline the Workforce Solutions onboarding process.
Point of contact for onboarding process
Orchestrated needs assessment to design new onboarding form.
Design, administer & training for onboarding form and new process
Utilize project management skills to plan, organize and direct onboarding process workflow. Partnered with IQ Navigator, Workday, and IDM Team to determine workflow
Worked with messaging team to insure mail setup for new employees Create Lync accounts for all new employees
Level 3 helpdesk support

METRO Transit Bi-State Development May 2008 to July 2012
Network Analyst II
Manage and oversee the IT Infrastructure group Administer WSUS for desktops
Active Directory Admin
Disaster Recovery Team
Provide onsite support during DR tests.
Monitor and backup Rail Station cameras
Partner with technical and business users internally during the planning, execution, and posttest phases.
Prepare posttest summary reports for senior management.
Staging for Desktop setup and deployment.
Provide support and training for software and application packages Provide remote admin support to 800 + Metro users
Support 100 plus Citrix clients – via Citrix MetaFrame Server 3.5 Support 200 plus Virtual Machines – via VM Ware
Perform Windows2003 and above operating system support.
Analyze system failures, correct errors, recover systems and corrupted data
Software Admin, order software and track licenses
Write/maintain documentation for procedures/installations/upgrades Support network services functions on a 24x7 on-call schedule
Respond to user inquiries, support request and trouble reports concerning information technology systems
Numara Deploy, package, and push out installs
Support Risk management department, support David renaissance, HEW Medicare reporting, HIPPA regulated software.
VOIP Phone System installation

Tower Watson May 2012 to June 2012
Team Lead IT Specialist Post Deployment Support Windows 7 Implementation
Win 7 Build/image and test PCs based on a provided schedule Convert Lotus Notes to Outlook 2010
Create/update operational procedures
Perform all build-related administrative tasks Connected and setup all peripheral devices
Configure RSA connection with blackberry and laptops
Work directly with local IT Team to deliver customer expectations in a professional and timely manner
Follow through with customer to ensure delivery and satisfaction
Assist customer with training issues, restores, or any PC related issues

UpBeat, Inc May 2006 to May 2008
Systems Administrator
Provide day-to-day support for all network users. Implemented Help Desk Tracking System
Monitor network performance maintain system logs and schedule network maintenance when required.
Monitor and schedule system backup through Veritas.
Provide training and support for all authorized application software packages.
Develop and program reports/spreadsheets/databases based on network users requirements using mostly Crystal Reports and Microsoft Office 2000/2003.
Setup/install Dell Power Edge 2900 servers, Console switches, PUD’s, UPS’s, NAS, SAN Install new hardware (PC’s, Laptops, WYSE Thin Clients) and software for network.
Maintain Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Database (Accounts, DTS packages, Backups/Restores) VOIP Phone System, Strategy ES Administrator, Strata CIX eManager,
MYTASKE, Strata ACD, OASIS Net Server
Administer EPICOR security (SQL Server Financial package) Create Exchange 2003 accounts/Windows 2003 accounts
Diagnose and resolve hardware and software problems.

SOLUTECH Small Business April 2004 to April 2006
Information Systems Specialist
Hardware, software, and network support for 5 facilities
Small Business Network setup Windows and Exchange Server 2003
Supported connectivity for LAN access and configuration of network printers.
Used remote software VPN, SMS, and PC Anywhere32, VNC Virtual Network Computing for deployment, updating and break/fix requests.
Windows XP 2000 administrative tools, Active directory users and computers. Create shares and permissions per active directory
Contact this candidate