Mahendra Patel
Information Technology Professional
ady1f7@r.postjobfree.com
973-***-****

Technical Skills

Operating Systems:
Windows Server 2012, 2016, 2019, Windows 10.
Red Hat Linux 6, 7, 8, Centos, Ubuntu. MacOS Ver 10, 11, 13. Citrix, SQL
Virtualization: VMware vCenter, VMware vSphere, Exi, Microsoft Hyper-V
Cloud Services: Amazon AWS, Engyte, Azure, VDI
Monitoring: SolarWinds, Nagios, Azure
Backup and Recovery: Symantec Backup Exec, ArchiWare P5
Networking: TCP/IP, DNS, VPN, DHCP, GPO, Network Security Protocols
Security: Symantec Endpoint Manager, Security Audits, Patch management
Administration:
Windows Active Directory, Microsoft Azure, Amazon AWS,
Microsoft Endpoint Manager, Symantec Backup Exec, Microsoft 365
VMware vCenter, VMware vSphere. Office 365 Administration
CISO and SOX auditing and compliance. Remedy, LANDesk.
Group Policy, Windows folder security and permissions.
DRA administration, Apple IOS support. Microsoft MDM, Autopilot

Experience:
McCann Health New Jersey/IPG July 2010- July 2023
Parsippany, NJ
Systems Administrator
Built, configured and administered Microsoft Windows Server 2012, 2016, and 2019 in a virtual and physcial environment.
Microsoft Active Directory administration, add, remove, modify users
Group creation and security permissions administration
Over 10 years’ Experience administering and configuring and troubleshooting Linux at the enterprise level, using Red Hat and Centos.
Demonstrated knowledge of networking concepts and protocols.
Configured and maintained DNS and DHCP services for the local network
Managed accounts, group memberships and created shared mailboxes via
O365 Administrator tools.
Migrated all data from on-prem servers to Egnyte and Amazon AWS S3
Microsoft Office 365/Azure administration and configuration.
System hardening of windows and Linux servers.
Responsible for ongoing monitoring and optimization of servers.
Group policy creation and implementation
Working with Management for change controls
Working with IT director to work on Ciso compliance
Worked on SOX controls for audit purposes
Create and modify Group Policies
Creating and Managing Teams channels, Creating and managing user accounts in Microsoft O365 environment.
Created and configured shared mailboxes using O365.
Creating and configuring Virtual machines using VMware vCenter, provisioning storage and memory for the Virtual Machines according to specs requested.
Ongoing monitoring of backups logs, documenting and troubleshooting failed backups. Following companywide policies and procedures for offsite and data retention.
System monitoring using resource monitoring and solarwinds.
Daily vulnerability scanning on user machines.

Imclone Systems/TekSystems
Branchburg, NJ
Systems Administrator: June 2009 – March 2010
Provisioning VM’s utilizing VMware Vcenter and setting backups, and system monitoring
Account creation, modification as requested via ticketing system
Provisioning folders and permissions and managing backup and versions
In charge of reviewing backup logs, tape rotation and sending tapes offsite using Symantec backup exec.
Providing resolution to escalated cases from desktop support
Working on mobile phone support utilizing BES server

iBiquity July 2008 – May 2009
Basking Ridge, NJ
Systems Administrator/Desktop Support

Maintained, Configured and performed backups of Linux and Windows servers
Maintained the rotation of tapes and the shipping of tapes for offsite storage
Provided Desktop support for windows and linux desktops onsite.
Imaged and updated images for deployment of windows to the staff.
Maintained and troubleshoot Cisco Video Conferencing equipment

Education/Continuing Training:

Fitchburg State College
Berkshire Community College

Red Hat RH124
System Administration and IT Infrastructure by Google
Prepare for the Azure Fundamentals (AZ-900 part 1-3)
Contact this candidate