Angelo Machipisa
732-***-****
mailto:ady35q@r.postjobfree.com@gmail.com

SUMMARY
IT professional with a proven record of implementing cost effective information technology solutions to enhance business value. Experienced in Unix Systems Administration, networks, virtualization, storage and Scripting.

SPECIFICS
Systems/Middleware: Sun Solaris, Red hat Enterprise Linux, Ubuntu Linux, Citrix Xenserver, VMWare ESXi, Iomega and Dell Storage Area Networks, Active Directory, Windows Server, Cisco IOS, Samba, OpenLDAP, Glassfish, Jboss, Amazon Web Services (AWS).

Monitoring: Nagios, Cacti, Hyperic, SolarWinds, Advanced Host Monitor

Scripting: Unix Shell and some python

Configuration/Management/automation: Cfengine, Puppet, Kaseya, McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator, ESet Remote Administrator, KickStart and ansible

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

LOCKHEED MARTIN, Corp, Inc., Atlanta, GA April 2022 – Present
Systems Engineer-IT, Staff (level 4)
Support High Performance Computing (HPC) environmentt
Support HPC team and focus on Linux Systems administration across multiple High Performance Computers.
Provide full end-to-end systems support, implement and maintain security requirements, work with end users, and ensure high levels of system performance.
Apply strong business acumen.
Communicate effectively and build relationships with customers.
Analyze and plan effectively in order to work with a wide range of groups and functions across the company.

LOCKHEED MARTIN, Corp, Inc., Atlanta, GA April 2018 – June 2022
Unix Systems Administrator, Staff (level 4)
Performs as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) in the UNIX server environment by successfully analyzing, implementing, developing, troubleshooting, negotiating, and making recommendations for product selection and deployment strategies.
Perform Systems integration work to ensure the various tools pertaining to authentication, authorization and access work seamlessly.
Create efficiencies by writing Systems Operation Instructions and automating mundane tasks and processes.
Provide technical leadership, guidance and training to junior members of the team.

LOCKHEED MARTIN, Corp, Inc., Atlanta, GA October 2014 – April 2018
Unix Systems Administrator, Senior (level 3)
Provide support for implementation, troubleshooting and maintenance of Unix and Linux systems.
Manage IT systems including day-to-day operations, monitoring and problem resolution for server, storage and network devices.
Analyze and resolve issues related to Systems, network, storage, infrastructure and tools.
Perform root cause analysis of complex problems.
Perform routine Operating Systems patching, vulnerability/security monitoring and Systems hardening,

CORFIRE, Inc., Atlanta, GA March 2014 – September 2014
Senior Systems Administrator
Maintenance of hardware and software configurations for Red Hat enterprise systems
Deploy in-house built applications to production environments, backups and file management
Configure and troubleshoot third party as well as in-house developed applications
Create, implement and maintain shell scripts to manage application starts/stops, log management, and resource/system monitoring.
Gather requirements and implement changes by following processes
Support all aspects of project life cycle through ITIL based Configuration management, Change Control, Service, Incident and Problem management.
Participate in on-call rotation for support of systems and occasionally work alternate shift/weekend
Installed Cacti RRD tool to trend System performance and resource utilization.

REACH Health, Inc., Atlanta, GA August 2010 – March 2014
Senior Systems Administrator
As a Senior Systems Administrator, my job responsibilities included managing the company’s data center. Primary tasks included scoping, purchasing, implementing, documenting, maintaining, and supporting production and development environments in the data center. Work closely with the development team to design an adequate infrastructure to support company products and push out product releases and patches. Secondary tasks included providing Level 3 support for field engineers and customer support staff.
Installing, maintaining, and troubleshooting Cisco switches, firewalls, routers and IDS/IPS.
Installing and maintaining server hardware running RedHat Enterprise Linux 6.x and Citrix XenServer 6.10.
Managing Citrix Xenserver and VMWare ESXi private clouds.
Monitoring systems uptime, performance, utilization and performing preventive maintenance
Implementing, managing and enforcing backup and recovery policies via shell scripts
Storage administration
MYSQL database administration.
Provisioning servers and deploying new code into production
Process implementation and documentation.
Mundane administrative task automation via shell scripts
Involved in incidence, change and capacity management
Enforce and monitor standards/policies by developing processes surrounding HIPPA compliance and system security.
Identify new opportunities and options to improve service delivery and operations.
Research, evaluate, recommend and implement new technologies

FOTOLOG, INC., New York, NY April 2007 – June 2010
IT/Network Administrator
Part of a team of four administrators responsible for supporting a high-traffic Social Network website with over 30 million registered members. Administer a datacenter comprised of clusters of Solaris and Linux servers.
Responsibilities included automation of system provisioning, release upgrades, patch application, system monitoring, and general systems up-keep.

Managed a heterogeneous corporate network comprised of Solaris Unix, Ubuntu Linux, Mac OS X and Windows. Supported a development environment running Solaris and Linux including systems provisioning, performance tuning, troubleshooting, and general maintenance. Implemented Samba to facilitate file sharing between Unix, Mac OS X and Windows users.
Managed and supported Tomcat and Apache servers including upgrades and patch application.
Implemented a site-to-site VPN tunnel to enable secure communication between the corporate network and the datacenter using Cisco ASA 5510s.
Implemented a backup network to isolate backup traffic from production traffic.
Configured multi-pathing on database servers to ensure high availability.
Responsible for network infrastructure modifications, support and general up-keep.
Managed monitoring systems including Nagios, Cacti, SflowTrends, Splunk, ReturnPath and Solarwinds.
Managed Google Apps enterprise messaging system.
Implemented and managed Openldap authentication system.
Provisioned servers and deployed new code into production
Task automation via shell scripts
Process implementation and documentation.
Identify opportunities to improve the bottom line by providing top notch service to internal and external customers as well as implementing enterprise quality open source systems/applications.

CYBERSHIFT, INC., Parsippany, New Jersey April 2006 – March 2007
Senior Systems Engineer
Managed Corporate Network infrastructure as well as a datacenter hosting mission-critical applications for clients with very aggressive service level agreements. Team lead among a group of three systems engineers.

Implemented layered security model to mitigate systems and network vulnerability.
Implemented Advanced Host Monitor to proactively monitor the network, hosts, and service availability.
Automated the installation of RedHat Enterprise Linux using Kickstart.
Migrated a multi-domain Windows 2000 forest to a Windows 2003 Active Directory domain. Coordinated resources and kept track of project progress.
Manged Kaseya, an enterprise configuration and patch management solution.
Involved in incidence and change management
Increased user and customer satisfaction by adhering to a “Do it right the first time” philosophy.
Process implementation and documentation.

KYOCERA MITA AMERICA, INC., Fairfield, New Jersey January 2001 – April 2006
Network Specialist
Managed network infrastructure comprised of 8 sites located throughout the United States and Canada. Worked with vendors to evaluate new technologies and make recommendations to senior management. One of two people responsible for configuring, provisioning and supporting servers for entire company.

Managed and completed a wide area network migration for 8 sites on schedule and with minimal downtime. As a project manager, I was responsible for managing vendors, resources, tracking and documenting progress and providing status reports to senior management on a weekly basis.
Responsible for the installation and support of RedHat Enterprise Linux servers running in all Kyocera Mita America’s Demo rooms and Warehouses.
Installed, configured and maintained servers running Windows 2000. Analyzed system performance and took proactive measures to ensure systems were performing at their peak.
Implemented McAfee anti-virus solution. Installed and configured e-Policy Orchestrator to provide visibility into the network and to facilitate enforcement of uniform anti-virus policies across all nodes.
Planned and upgraded anti-virus software on over 500 nodes with minimal user interruption. Pre-packaged installation so that no end user intervention was required.
Process implementation and documentation.

DOUBLECLICK INC., New York, New York August 1998 - January 2001
Network Administrator
Managed configuration, administration and maintenance of servers running core services including, DNS, DHCP, WINS, File and Print services.

Ensured network and systems integrity by adhering to a tiered security implementation.
Performed preventive maintenance procedures including patch applications, security scans and scheduled system reboots.
Administered Exchange Server environment and Windows NT domain including accounts, distribution lists and general maintenance.
Installed, configured and supported mission critical applications. Administered server hardware configuration, upgrades and repairs. Implemented and administered McAfee Total Virus Defense anti-virus solution.
Set up and tested Windows 2000 Active Directory pre-migration test environment. Trained other administrators on the new features of Windows 2000 and Active Directory. Provided work direction and on-the-job training for new hires in MIS department. Wrote instructions on use of business applications.
Supervised Y2K compliance testing and patch application. Provided testing guidelines and procedures, documented progress, and managed resource allocation.
Process implementation and documentation.

EDUCATION
MPS, Interactive Telecommunications, New York University, New York, NY
BSc, Communication Studies, New York University, New York, NY

HONORS/CERTIFICATIONS
Valedictorian, New York University
Certificate of Achievement award, New York University
CompTIA Security+
Microsoft MCSE
Top Secret Clearance
Contact this candidate