ALVIN FONSECA ORTIZ

**** ****** **** **, *** City Center, FL 33573
512-***-**** / email: adyak0@r.postjobfree.com

IT Senior Systems Administrator II

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Sr. Systems Administrator with over nineteen years of experience in the industry helping organizations succeed by Supporting, Maintaining and Improving their information systems and underlying infrastructure's performance, reliability, high availability and security. Such achievements being possible due to broad knowledge and experience in the Administration, Support, Planning, Design and Implementation of VMware-vSphere ESXi and vCenter 6.x/5.x/4.x, Nutanix-AHV Hyper-Converge, Windows Server and Active Directory 2022/2019/2016/2012R2/2008R2, Microsoft Azure Cloud Platform, Citrix XenApp 6.5/XD 7.x, Cisco UCS Platform, Exchange 365/2016/2013, among others. This includes respective VMware, Nutanix, Windows, Azure, Citrix, UCS and Messaging Enterprise Management Applications below. Hardware includes Cisco UCS, HP & Dell SAN/Chassis/Blades/Switching, EMC Storage, Data Domain, among others.

Above experience includes Deployment, Migration, Upgrade and Configuration of VMware-vSphere and Nutanix respective Virtual Infrastructures including Data Centers, Clusters, Hypervisor Hosts/Nodes, Windows/Linux VMs, Datastores and Virtual Switches. Proactive Management of IT Infrastructure by Monitoring and Analyzing Systems’ Performance, Resource Utilization, Operational Health and Projected Growth using Enterprise Management Applications like vCenter, vRealize Ops Manager, Nutanix Prism Central/Element, Azure Mgmt. Console, AD Administrative Consoles, SCOM, SCVMM, Cisco UCS Manager/Central, Citrix 7.x Studio/Director Consoles, Device42, among others. Broad experience on Remediation through Performance Tuning, Resource Provisioning and Troubleshooting using most of above Apps. Administration and Support of HA/LB solutions like VMware HA/DRS on Host/Datastore Clusters, Windows Failover Clusters, Zerto Site Recovery, among others.

Administration of Microsoft Azure Cloud Resources including Deployment, Migration, Provisioning, Configuration of Virtual Servers and related Resources like Recovery/Backup Vaults, Networks/Subnets and IP Interfaces. This also includes Exchange Online/Office 365 over Azure AD while sharing authentication services with ADFS on-premises. Broad Experience securing information assets by Monitoring, Identification and Remediation of Vulnerability Risks with Enterprise solutions like McAfee EPO Unified Security at Hypervisor/Physical level, Qualys Vulnerability Scanner/Analyzer, Websense Unified Web/Email/Data Security, SCCM Automatic Systems Update/Patch, TMicro Deep Security Mgmt, Cisco Identity Service for Authentication/Access Control, Iron Ports. Administration of Backup solutions like Enterprise NetBackup, SC Data Protection Manager, DataDomain De-Duplication/Replication, Veeam Backup, others.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

PHARMACEUTICAL PRODUCTS DEVELOPMENT - THERMO FISHER 2014-Present

Senior Systems Administrator II on Multi-Site Multi-Platform Global Infrastructure:

Responsible for the Administration, Planning, Implementation, Migration, Configuration and Support of VMware-sphere, Nutanix-AHV, Windows/AD, Citrix XenApp 6.5/XenDesktop 7.x, Microsoft Azure, Exchange Online/2016 Messaging and Hyper-V Platforms in many Countries as part of PPD’s Multi-Site/Multi-Domain Infrastructure across America, Europe and Asia. Also supporting Phase-I Clinic App Environments and Austin’s Data Center.
Implementation and Migration of vCenter Servers, ESXi Hosts/VMs/Clusters/Datastores/Distributed Switches, Nutanix Hosts/VMs/Clusters, Windows Server 2022/2019/2016/2012R2, Citrix XenApp 7.x/6.5/5.0 Farms including RDServers/Applications Publishing/VDI Share Desktops, UCS Service Profiles/Blades Configuration.
The above includes the Migrations of multiple Windows/Linux Servers from many Departments between 3 different Virtual Platforms going from Oracle Data Appliances (ODA's) to VMware-vSphere to Nutanix-AHV Clusters to complete Consolidation of Virtual Platforms to maximize efficiency and resources.
Administration and Support of Company’s Resources in Microsoft Azure Cloud including Deployment, Migration, Provisioning and Disaster Recovery of Virtual Servers.
Preventive Management and Support of America/Europe/Asia Infrastructures by Monitoring and Analyzing Virtual/Physical Systems’ Performance, Resource Utilization, and Operational Health on Clusters, Hosts, VMs, Virtual Appliances, Datastores, Blades/Rack Servers, among others.
As part of Preventive Maintenance and Remediation, Provisioning and Performance Tuning, Upgrades, Patching, Optimization Configurations, Capacity Planning and Troubleshooting are provided at Virtual/Physical Level including the Hypervisor, VM, Guess OS, UCS Blades Firmware/Service Profiles, among others.
All Daily Administrative tasks are done using Enterprise Management Applications like VMware vCenter, vRealize Operations Manager, Nutanix Prism Central/Element, SCOM, SCCM, SCVMM, Cisco UCS Manager/UCS Central, Cisco UCS Director, LS VDI Broker Console, among others.

NATIONAL WESTERN LIFE INSURANCE 2012-2014

Senior Systems Administrator on VMware, Windows and Messaging Multi-Site Infrastructures:

Responsible for the Administration, Planning, Implementation, Migration, Configuration and Support of the Virtual/Physical IT Infrastructure including, VMware vCenter and ESXi 5.5/5.1/4.1, Windows Servers/Active Directory 2012/2008/2K3, Citrix XenApp 6.5, Exchange Server 2013/2010/2007.
The above responsibilities include daily proactive management by monitoring and analyzing Systems’ Performance, Resource Utilization, Operational Health and Security Controls on the Virtual/Physical Infrastructure including Clusters, Hosts, Virtual Machines, Virtual Appliances, Datastores, Blades/Rack Servers, Iron Ports, Internal Firewalls, Cisco Identity Service Engine, Dell iSCSI SAN.
As part of other Preventive Maintenance actions, responsible for Resource Provisioning, Performance Tuning-Optimization, Capacity Planning, Hypervisor/OS Patching and Upgrades, Firmware Upgrades and Configurations.
Administration and Support of Office 365 on the Cloud and On-premise Environments
Proactive security monitoring, analysis, vulnerability assessments, and remediation to protect information assets against security treats. Done by using tools like TrendMicro Deep Security Manager, McAfee EPO Unified Security, Iron Ports 170/160, ISE, ASA 5555 & 5510 Security-Firewalls, among others.
Also, responsible for the P2V conversions to ESXi 5.5 platform as part of the remaining hardware consolidation and virtual infrastructure optimization respectively. Backup Support with NetBackup, Backup Exec 2014 and EMC’s Data Deduplication Storage, among others.

DELL COMPUTER CORP. 2011-2012

Enterprise Senior Virtualization Advisor and Systems Administrator:

Responsible to provide systems administration expert advisory and engineering services to Virtual and Physical Infrastructures for high end Customers using VMware and Microsoft OS over a broad line of Dell‘s Servers, Storage, and Networking platforms. These services were provided onsite and remotely.
These responsibilities included direct support of Data Centers running ESXi 5.1/5.0/4.x servers hosting Microsoft/Linux virtual machines under the central management of vCenter Server, Windows Servers 2K8 and 2K3 with AD and MSSC, Blades/Enclosures and Rack Servers, Preventive Management tools like Open Manage Server Administrator, OM Essentials, iDRACs, Repository Manager, Enclosures management controller, Dell Plug-in for vCenter, and many others.
Responsible for the implementation and support of VMware configurations including: integration of high end Ethernet networks/VLANs with virtual infrastructures, Multipath redundant/load balanced iSCSI/FC configurations to SANs, VMFS Datastores creation and provisioning, HA and DRS Clustering with vMotion and svMotion, Hosts/VM’s provisioning, among others.

RAFAEL ROSARIO & ASSOCIATES 2009-2011

Senior Systems Administrator:

Responsible for the Administration and Support of the VMware and Windows Infrastructure, including the planning, design and implementation of secure and efficient network strategies to ensure the required operational performance, business continuity, and data integrity.
In those strategies were included the Implementation and Virtualization of Windows Servers 2K8, Exchange Server 2K10 and SQL 2K8 Databases running over Windows Failover Clusters. Administering the messaging and file system archiving and backup platforms with Enterprise Vault v9.x and NetBackup respectively. Both interoperating in a Dell SAN environment. Other responsibility was supervising the technical staff on Network Management and Support process to end-users.

SENIOR IT CONSULTANT & SYSTEMS ENGINEER 2003-2009

Responsible to provide Expert Consulting/Engineering IT Services for Private & Public Sectors:

These services included the Outsourcing of VMware and Windows/AD Systems Administration and Support on Physical and Virtual Infrastructures for Private Companies and Government Agencies.
I provided these services for customers like, Office of the Comptroller of P.R. (Government Official Auditing Agency), First Bank, Doral Bank, Santander Bank, Oriental Bank, Eurobank, Health Care Industry including Triple S and MMM companies, Insurance Industry, 4 different Law Offices, El San Juan and Conquistador Hotels, P.R. Telephone Company, Government’s Family Dept., Government’s Development Bank., PR Housing Federal Agency, among others.

MAPFRE (PRAICO) 1999-2003

As Windows Systems Administrator responsible to administering and supporting a broad range of Server, Networking and Desktop initiatives in support of business operation.
The other responsibilities were very similar of those mentioned in Rafael Rosario & Associates Company. In addition, hands-on experience leading all stages of systems development efforts, including requirements definition, design, testing, implementation and support.

DESICION ONE, Hato Rey P.R. 1997-1999

As IT Systems Administrator and Engineer responsible to administering and supporting a broad range of networking technologies in support of business operation. This also included the planning, integration/migration or implementation of secure and efficient network solutions to improve business functionality and continuity. Responsible for all IT department’s administrative processes, including technical personnel supervision.

MEMOREX TELEX PR, Hato Rey P.R. 1988-1997

As Network Support Department Manager, responsible of supervising several systems engineers and technicians working as a team to provide systems engineering and consulting services for customers in the Caribbean and Latin America. Responsible for all department’s administrative processes. Responsible for the project management, planning and service coordination for the company’s networking projects. As Systems Engineer provide systems engineering services for networking infrastructures and information systems. As Instructor, responsible to provide Microsoft training to certify industry professionals as MCSE’s and MCA’s.

WANG LABORATORIES PR, Juncos, P.R. 1983-1988

Computer Technician III and Engineering Department Instructor
TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

Certifications/Trainings:
VMware Certified Professional (VCP) on 5.x/4.x, Nutanix Platform Administration, Cisco Certified CCDA,
MS Certified IT Professional (MCITP), MCSE, Citrix XenApp 7.x/6.5/5.x Administration

Hypervisor/OS:
VMware ESXi 6.x/5.x/4.x, Nutanix Acropolis, Windows Server 2022/2019/2016/2012/2K8, Citrix XA/XD

Management Application Software:
VMware vCenter Server/Update Manager, vRealize Operations Manager, Nutanix Prism Central/Element, Cisco
UCSM/Central, Cisco UCS Director, SCOM, SCCM, SCVMM, Microsoft Azure Management Console, Citrix
7.x/6.5 Studio/Director Consoles, Exchange Server Online/2016/2013 Console, VMware Standalone Converter,
Device42, NetBackup, Backup Exec, EMC Avamar, Enterprise Vault, Zerto Virtual Recovery, WhatsUP Gold, etc

Hardware:
Cisco UCS, HP, Dell SAN/Enclosures/Blades, Nutanix Hyper Converge Clusters/Blocks/Nodes, Cisco ISE, Iron
Ports 170/160, ASA 5555 & 5510 Internal/Perimeter Firewalls, Anti-Virus/Malware/Spamming Security
solutions like McAfee EPO Unified Security, TMicro Deep Security Mgmt, TMicro Scan Mail for
Exchange and Websense Triton Unified Security, EMC’s De-Duplication Storage, Cisco Switches
3750x/2960/Nexus 7K/5K, HP/Dell Switches, among others.

PROFESSIONAL ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Upgraded several vCenters and ESXi underlying Infrastructure from 6.0 to 6.5 - 3,500 users
Migration (side x side) of several Production vCenter Servers from 5.5 to 6.0U2
Migrated/Upgraded 90 ESXi Hosts on 6 Production Clusters from 5.5 to 6.0U2 - 3,800 users
Migration (side x side) of several Production vCenter Servers from 5.0 to 5.5U2
Migrated/Upgraded 65 ESXi Hosts on 4 Production Clusters from 5.0 to 5.5U2 - 3,000 users
Upgraded ESXi on 90 Hosts and the firmware on their respective Cisco UCS Blades
Migrated 20 Applications with hundreds of users from legacy Citrix 5.0 to new XenApp 6.5 Farms
Migrated Company’s Messaging Infrastructure from Exchange 2007-2013 - Involved 1,000 users
In First Bank P.R., a Massive Multiphase Migration project was performed in their Virtual/Physical Infrastructure in P.R. and subsidiaries in the Caribbean to improve efficiency, functionality, security, and reduce operating costs. Project included the consolidation of 60% of their physical Servers by doing Physical to Virtual conversions to the VMware ESXi 5.0 platform from more than 300 Servers. The next phases included the migration of 4,000 users from Windows 2K3 to the 2K8 platform, and from Exchange 2K3 to 2K10.
As Enterprise Senior Virtualization Advisor/Systems Administrator in Dell, responsible to provide Administration/Configuration Advisory and Support to High End Customers of about 2000-8000 users and between 800 and 1200 Servers.
In the Health Care Industry, performed an Enterprise Vault Advanced Archiving Implementation over a 3,400 users network to liberate their Exchange Messaging Databases and File Storage limitations, improve backup and recovery times, and to provide intelligent discovery of critical legal information and keep regulatory compliance. To improve HA and provide faster data recovery to physical/virtual infrastructure, the Archiving Solution was combined with Enterprise Netbackup and Windows Failover Clusters to protect Messaging, SQL, and File production servers
In the Office of the Comptroller of P.R., a massive Active Directory Infrastructure planning, design and implementation was performed during phase one of a dual Migration Project for a network of 1000 users. The project included migration from Windows 2K3 to Windows 2K8 and from Exchange 2K to Exchange 2K7 to improve efficiency, functionality, and security.

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND

UNIVERSITY OF PUERTO RICO, BAYAMON, P.R. 1979-1983
Bachelor Degree in Computer Science
Concentration on Information Technology Management

INTER-METRO UNIVERSITY: 2004-2005
Oracle DBMS and Database Administration
Contact this candidate