CANDICE M. ALI Upper Marlboro, Maryland 301-***-**** adybmb@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
An innovative and results-driven customer relations and IT professional. Over 10 years of experience in both solving any current challenges and driving to achieve higher results for success and profitability. Background encompasses a focus in technical support and systems administration. An effective communicator to diversified levels of clientele. Proven success in delivering sustained results and effective change for companies across a wide range of platforms including project performance tuning.

SKILLS
• Project management • Training documentation and delivery • ITIL IT Service management
• IT Client Consultant • Incident & Problem management • Operations management
• Comm. plans & Technical Writing • Database & Web App support • Network & OS System Administration
• Virtual and On-Site Presentations • Change & Configuration management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Workforce Development Specialist III 03/27/2022-PRESENT
Maryland Department of Labor/Professional Outplacement Assistance Center (POAC) - Linthicum Heights, MD
~Performs development activities that deliver a wide range of career services to special and targeted population of Maryland job seekers, to increase and enhance their job seeking skills and lessen their duration of unemployment.
~Created an automated process to import customer workshop request onto Google Sheets, cutting administration work from approximately 8 hour per workshop to 1 hour per workshop.
Created and presented training programs (JumpStart Orientation, Federal Employment Process, Interviewing and Résumé Building Techniques) to 20 to 100 POAC workshop customers both virtually and on-site.
Presented the resume and cover letter workshop to 300 high school students at Elizabeth Seton High School, receiving positive feedback and a request to hold another workshop in the future.
Work with professional, technical and managerial job seekers and employers to assist in solving their employment needs by providing the highest level of services that will support the economic stability of the labor force, businesses and the community.
Represent POAC and the Department of Labor (DLLR) at various Job Fairs, community events (chamber, Rotary, etc.), institutions of higher education (University of Maryland, AACC, etc.).

Team Lead 06/15/2021- 12/31/2021
VDart Incorporated/Accenture – Alpharetta, GA (100% Remote)
~Provided human performance leadership, direction and/or support to advance the strategic business and people goals of the organization. Managed, developed, implement and/or integrated initiatives or programs related to organizational development in one or more areas such as change strategy, training and capability development, talent management, communications, and organizational design.
Lead a team of 10 to 30 customer service representatives on various agile type projects.
Optimized the contribution of the team through coaching, counseling and mentoring activities.
Subject Matter Expert (SME) and escalation point to resolve issues and continuously looked to improve accuracy and the customer experience.
Measured team workday attendance using Amazon Web Service (AWS) attendee portal.
Provide and implement workable solutions to business issues problems with minimal management involvement.

Project Manager 10/1/2019- 07/31/2020
Federal Working Group/the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency – Washington, DC
~Developed and implemented mission-oriented solutions and management approaches that help achieve measurable progress towards important objectives. Applied “best practice” management frameworks and methodologies. Managed five IT projects simultaneously.
~Worked with the client and technical staff to update all Citrix Workspace documentation within a 3-month period.
Used a variety of project management tools such as Microsoft Project Professional, SharePoint, OneNote and Microsoft Outlook to manage task, resources and meetings.
Determined content of status reports from the project team troubleshot problem areas and delivered overall progress reports to senior management.

Incident Manager 12/11/2018- 09/23/2019
Telesis Corporation/the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency – Washington, DC
~Combined the power of intelligent alerting tools, ticketing systems and monitoring solutions to trigger critical event notifications to the right person or team. Provided support to over 2500 onsite and virtual Federal Employees.
Worked with service desk team of 20 computer technicians to address incident tickets using knowledge base articles and basic troubleshooting knowledge.
Assessed and mitigated risks through careful analysis of incidents and statistical data. Anticipated and managed change effectively in a rapidly evolving dynamic environment.
Managed and updated the incident and problem management processes, ensuring effective customer communication, following change management processes, and updating knowledge base articles and standard operating procedures.
Managed the restoration of service operations within the required Service Level Agreement metrics, ensuring minimal impact to business operations and customer experience.
Used ServiceNow ticketing tool to manage Technology Service Management tasks. Cataloged and ran reports for request for technology services or information about applications and processes in the environment.

Systems Administrator 09/01/2017- 11/30/2018
Inquisit LLC/Federal Labor Regulation Authority (FLRA) – Washington, DC
~Provided helpdesk support for 125 end-users (Attorneys). Received customer calls and emails daily to assist with computer, printer and IP phone problems.
Maintained asset management inventory, and managed spare hardware tracking.
Coordinated engineering tasks for Active Directory user migration, OU and client account creation.
Assisted in creating training documentation for the Document Management System (DMS/iManage), and delivered multiple training sessions to system users.

Systems Administrator/Quality Assurance 10/01/2016- 09/30/2017
Inquisit LLC/Department of Justice (DOJ) – Washington, DC
~Successfully migrated 3500 Window 7 computer systems to Window 10 at several locations in DC, Maryland and Virginia. Completed within the 10 months deadline.
Coordinated with Tier 2 support teams in managing new technology deployment and recurring upgrades.
Worked with the applications and image development team to complete image creation, testing and validation.
Ensured the successful testing of system images and software packages through MDT and SCCM.
Collaborated with Tier 2 & 3 in updating system documentation and standard operating procedures.

SCCM Administrator 11/23/2011- 03/28/2016
Unisys Corporation/Ashland Corporation – Ashland, OH (Remote)
~Supported 11,000+ users, utilizing Microsoft SCCM to manage software installs, upgrades, and patch deployment.
Deployed applications, scripts and service packs (XP SP2 to SP3, etc.) using Microsoft SCCM, monitor installation status, troubleshot, collaborated with vendors, and resolved installation and OSD failures.
Created Security Groups in Active Directory (AD) for Microsoft SCCM synchronization.
Packaged software applications using Admin Studio, created, tested, documented, and installed applications and customized for Windows 7 using Application Compatibility Toolkit.

SCCM Administrator 11/23/2011- 03/28/2016
Unisys Corporation/American Association of Retired Persons (AARP) – Silver Spring, MD
~Provided desktop operations management for 3,000+ users.
Led the drive to upgrade from SMS to SCCM to take advantage of the newly released advanced features.
Worked with server team to incorporate remote Sales Office sites into Active Directory, which integrated PCs into Microsoft SCCM for upgrading, inventorying, and patching.
Collaborated with server team to ensure all file server application were compliant with approved SCCM patches.

SCCM Administrator / Project Coordinator 05/15/2010- 05/28/2011
Computer Sciences Corporation/Millennium Challenge Corporation – Washington, DC
~Within 6 months, raised the computer compliance score from a low “D” rating to a high “A” rating of 1000 + computer systems.

Deployed security updates using SCCM Software Update Point (SUP) and Windows Server Update Services (WSUS).
Participated in weekly changed management meetings.
Act as the liaison between clients and vendors to report the status of application upgrades and system compliancy to stakeholders.
During software and security patch deployment that was needed to keep client system compliant, followed up with client either remotely or desk side to ensure system applications worked properly.
Used asset management tools to account for lost or turned off equipment.
Systems Administrator Lead 08/27/2008- 05/22/2010
Computer Sciences Corporation/Andrews Air Force Base – Andrews AFB, MD
~Successfully coordinated with server teams to upgrade 30+ servers across the world from SMS to SCCM2003. Assisted with backing up, shipping to central location, upgrading, returning to location, remotely configuring server to go back online to continue patching services in their region. Completed within four business days.
Provided desktop operations management for 3,000+ users.
Worked with server team to incorporate remote Sales Office sites into Active Directory, which integrated PCs into Microsoft SCCM for upgrading, inventorying, and patching.
Ensure all file server application were compliant with approved SCCM.
Client Service Manager 02/01/2007-07/01/2008
Computer Sciences Corporation/Force Health Protection and Readiness (FHP&R) – Reston, VA
~Successfully led, managed and motivated a team of 10 technical employees reducing customer response time from 3 days to 24 hours which led to a promotion from Desktop Technician to Client Service Manager within 6 months.
Managed desktop operations for 150 + military and civilian users during contract transition.
•Supervised help desk operations. Provided technical support and troubleshooting services to general users and high-level military officers.
•Created and maintained Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) and user-guide documentation.

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
Bachelor of Science, Communications Systems Technology, Bowie State University Bowie, MD
Certified Information Technology Infrastructure Library – ITIL v4
Certified Professional Resume Writer – CPRW
Contact this candidate