ANTHONY D. HUDSON
*** * ******** ****** *, Magnolia, MS 39652
Phone: 314-***-****
Email: adynvj@r.postjobfree.com
Skills Summary
I am a Senior Systems Engineer with over 18 years of experience who specializes in Red Hat Linux, Ubuntu Linux, CentOS Linux, AIX Unix, Tru64 Unix and Mac OS. I have extensive experience with automation, particularly using Ansible, and I am well versed in cloud services and their providers. I am strong in Solaris, VMWare, and SCO Unix while being a subject matter expert in Tru64 Unix. I have also worked with Microsoft Office products and I am comfortable with Ansible, shell scripting and various automation methodologies.

Experience
Enterprise Customer Solutions Engineer, Rackspace Government Solutions
April 2019 – Present

I am currently a senior Unix and Linux enterprise solutions engineer for Rackspace Government Solutions. My scope covers multiple government entities and government adjacent contractors in providing first in class secured cloud platform services. I am the definitive technical resource in regard to the go-forward solutions for primarily Linux systems as well as Windows integrations, overall architectural guidance and leadership in the areas of Red Hat, CentOS and Ubuntu while also providing tier 4 on-call support. I work with virtualized systems in VMWare, Amazon Web Services, and Microsoft Azure. I also work in containerized systems including Docker and Kubernetes. My duties encompass all levels of the production and developmental stacks with a focus on preventing client churn and remediating current issues while working a global team.

Principal Senior System Engineer and DXC Technology/UTC
April 2013 – December 2018

I was a senior Unix and Linux systems engineer on the United Technologies account. My job duties included project design and implementation through the enterprise, tool modernization through the use of Ansible and other automation methodologies. I provided technical architecture guidance and leadership in the areas of AIX, Solaris, and Red Hat and provided on-call support for extremely high-level issues. I assisted in the remediation and continual process evolution of the business and aggressively pursued opportunities to reduce redundancy while ensuring cohesive and secure operations. My team and I were also instrumental in the future proofing of current operations, working diligently to migrate many operations into private cloud datacenters. We also performed testing and process integration of various computer systems, subsystems and components with a particular emphasis on tool modernization and restructuring legacy systems into newer and more dynamic configurations reflective of current and future trends.

Platforms: AIX, HP-UX, Solaris, Tru64. Red Hat, SGI, and OpenVMS.
Programming: Scripting in Korn shell, Perl. C shell, BASH
Databases worked with: Oracle, MySQL, DB2

Principal Senior System Engineer and Project Lead, UNIX – CSC/Chrysler
June 2012 – April 2013

I was the senior Unix and Linux systems engineer and overall technical project lead on the
CSC/Chrysler account. I provided technical architecture guidance and leadership in the areas of AIX, Solaris, and Red Hat. I helped to design and develop highly complex, integrated solutions through tools, processes and procedures to facilitate the cost effective delivery of services and fielding of successful products. My team and I also performed testing and process of integration of various computer systems, subsystems and components with a particular emphasis on tool modernization and restructuring legacy systems into newer and more dynamic configurations reflective of the current and future trends.

Platforms: AIX, HP-UX, Solaris, Tru64. Red Hat, SGI, and OpenVMS.
Programming: Scripting in Korn shell, Perl. C shell, BASH
Databases worked with: Oracle, MySQL, DB2

Principal Leader System Administrator Lead, UNIX – CSC/Boeing
July 2005 – June 2012
I was the senior UNIX systems administrator on the Boeing account with short technical advisory stints on Textron, Spirit Aerospace, CSC Australia accounts focusing on AIX and Red Hat. I was also the subject matter expert in Tru64 and OpenVMS, working diligently to convert systems over to new technologies. My primary duties were system administration in support of the commercial Boeing Corporation as well as providing support on select classified programs.

Platforms: AIX, HP-UX, Solaris, Tru64. Red Hat, SGI, and OpenVMS.
Programming: Scripting in Korn shell, Perl.
Databases worked with: Oracle, MySQL, DB2

UNIX Systems Administrator – K-Force/IBM February 2005 – July 2005
I was a short-term consultant with Comsys, where I had been outsourced to the IBM Corporation as a UNIX systems administrator. My primary duties were to assist in the transition of the Boeing account from IBM to CSC, and to be the 24/7 on-call person to allow for relocation time for other system administrators to other accounts.

Platforms: AIX, Solaris, Tru64, HP-UX, SCO, OpenVMS Programming: Scripting in Korn shell, Perl.
Databases worked with: Oracle, MySQL

UNIX Systems Administrator – Technology Partners / Monsanto 2002 - 2005
I was a consultant with Technology Partners, where I had been outsourced to the Monsanto Corporation as a UNIX systems administrator. My primary duties were to maintain, tune, and support both the co-located and remote Unix servers, which provided the database and vendor interface infrastructure for the corporation both domestically and globally. My job duties included first tier systems support, i.e., problem resolution and troubleshooting in critical down or degraded system performance scenarios, proactive risk management and capacity planning, backup management and scheduling, kernel tuning in conjunction with recommendations from hardware and software vendors, proactive system design and architecture changes to provide optimum uptime, the creation of scripts to automate and codify repeated tasks, and the installation of various software patches and firmware upgrades during scheduled downtime to improve systems stability and performance. This was in conjunction with working the Oracle and SAP groups in performing installations and modifications of the primary databases and its Disaster Recovery nodes, while providing archival methodology. Other duties included cluster design and implementation, systems redesigns to incorporate storage area networks, and overall revamping of vendor interface.

Platforms: AIX, Solaris, Tru64, HP-UX, OpenVMS, Red Hat, Debian Programming: Scripting in Korn shell, Perl.
Databases worked with: Oracle, MySQL

UNIX Systems Administrator – Comsys / Energizer 2000 - 2002
I was a consultant with Comsys, where I had been outsourced to Energizer/Eveready Battery Corporation as a UNIX systems administrator. My primary duties were to maintain, tune, and support both the co-located and remote Unix servers, which range from Alpha 2100’s and 4100’s to the 8400’s, which provided the database and vendor interface infrastructure for the corporation both domestically and globally. My job duties included first tier systems support, i.e., problem resolution and troubleshooting in critical down or degraded system performance scenarios, proactive disk management and capacity planning, backup management and scheduling, kernel tuning in conjunction with recommendations from hardware and software vendors, proactive system design and architecture changes to provide optimum uptime, the creation of scripts to automate and codify repeated tasks, and the installation of various software patches and firmware upgrades during scheduled downtime to improve systems stability and performance. This was in conjunction with working the Oracle and SAP groups in performing installations and modifications of the primary databases and its Disaster Recovery nodes, while providing archival methodology. Other duties included integration of newer automation methods in backups and system refreshes for both the production and development/test environments, future systems redesigns to incorporate storage area networks, and overall revamping of vendor interface integration.

Platforms: AIX, Solaris, Tru64, HP-UX, OpenVMS, Red Hat, Debian Programming: Scripting in Korn shell, Perl.
Databases worked with: Oracle, MySQL

Systems Support Engineer – MCI/WorldCom 1996 – 2000
I was a consultant with Comsys, where I had been outsourced to Energizer/Eveready Battery Corporation as a UNIX systems administrator. My primary duties were to maintain, tune, and support both the co-located and remote Unix servers, which range from Alpha
2100’s and 4100’s to the 8400’s, which provided the database and vendor interface infrastructure for the corporation both domestically and globally. My job duties included first tier systems support, i.e., problem resolution and troubleshooting in critical down or degraded system performance scenarios, proactive disk management and capacity planning, backup management and scheduling, kernel tuning in conjunction with recommendations from hardware and software vendors, proactive system design and architecture changes to provide optimum uptime, the creation of scripts to automate and codify repeated tasks, and the installation of various software patches and firmware upgrades during scheduled downtime to improve systems stability and performance. This was in conjunction with working the Oracle and SAP groups in performing installations and modifications of the primary databases and its Disaster Recovery nodes, while providing archival methodology. Other duties included integration of newer automation methods in backups and system refreshes for both the production and development / test environments, future systems redesigns to incorporate storage area networks, and overall revamping of vendor interface integration.

Platforms: AIX, Solaris, Tru64, HP-UX, OpenVMS, Red Hat, Debian Programming: Scripting in Korn shell, Perl.
Databases worked with: Oracle, MySQL

Education
Bachelor of Science, Psychology – Jackson State University Class of 1995
Primary research interests:
a.Various practical applications of total immersion virtual reality in the treatment of anxiety disorders.
b.Neoplastic modification as a result of interactions within enriched environments
c.Reactive synaptogenesis in traumatic brain injuries
d.Computational modeling of living brain structures
Contact this candidate