Page * *
Robert E Martin
Database Systems Administrator
adytrn@r.postjobfree.com • 479-***-****
LinkedIn • Arkansas, 72764
Summary
Accomplished and solutions-focused professional with a proven track record in optimizing IT infrastructure as well as designing and implementing database systems to ensure seamless operations. Demonstrated prowess in managing and maintaining complex network environments, server configurations, and virtualization platforms to streamline business operations. Results-oriented and dynamic, with the tendency to excel in system administration, including server deployment, software installations, security management, and user support. Proficient in managing complex databases, enhancing data integrity, and maximizing performance. Well-versed in implementing and managing cloud-based solutions, such as AWS and Azure, to enhance scalability and efficiency. Able to leverage excellent interpersonal skills to manage high-performing teams, facilitate cross-functional collaborations, and maintain key stakeholder relations. Areas of Expertise
Network Administration
MS & IOS Operating Systems
DNS, TCP/IP, IIS
COMPTIA+ Cert. in Progress
PowerShell & VB Scripting
SDWAN
Postman API Connections Testing
Development Testing
Azure Database Management
MS Azure Development
Servers & Storage Management
Telerik / Blazer
Python
Fortinet & Juniper Certified
SQL Server Reporting Services
Requirement Analysis
Active Directory
Troubleshooting
Hyper-V
Cloud (EC2)
PowerBuilder 2022
Sybase SQL
CSS
Code Reviews
Professional Experience
Walton Arts Center, Fayetteville, Arkansas 2006 – 2023 Database Systems Administrator
Managed design and execution of IT infrastructure for Walmart AMP and administrative offices, ensuring alignment with budgetary constraints. Oversaw upgrade of network switches and firewalls, optimizing network performance, security, and availability while significantly reducing expenses associated with maintaining outdated hardware. Implemented first technical support portal, enhancing end-user experience and reducing IT operation costs through streamlined support processes. Maintained Tessitura software and Impresario database along with Microsoft Windows Servers and Microsoft SQL Servers on Microsoft Azure cloud platform. Prepared financial reports for senior staff members utilizing Microsoft SQL Server and Microsoft Visual Studio.
● Designed and implemented system configurations, processes, and network infrastructure through management of annual budget of $450,000 and effective resource allocation.
● Directed successful migration from an on-premises Microsoft Active Directory to an Azure/Office 365 Enterprise platform, including the seamless transition of Microsoft Exchange Server.
● Developed and implemented custom Microsoft SharePoint solutions, catering to more than 150 users.
● Improved data accessibility by developing automated and on-demand reporting capabilities using Microsoft BI as well as SQL Server Analysis server.
● Successfully led the IT design efforts for construction of Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion project worth $20M as well as Walton Arts Center's administrative offices project worth $24M by overseeing the implementation of advanced technology infrastructure and solutions.
Page 2 2
Education
BA in Psychology
The University of Texas, Arlington
Licenses & Certifications
Microsoft Certified Professional - Microsoft Corp. Cert.# B716-2999
Contact this candidate