CARLOS MANZUETA, *** Cooper Street, #*D, New York, NY 10034 347-***-****
adz1qs@r.postjobfree.com
Objective
A challenging position as a systems engineer and the possibility of career advancement.

Professional Experience
Systems Administrator/Operations Supervisor September 2009 to the Present
FAO Schwarz, New York, NY
Support systems infrastructure, hardware, and software, including: analysis, planning, design, development, implementation, provisioning, upgrade and day-to-day operations
Extend personal capabilities through local training, reading, and technical project work
Expert knowledge of development and implementation of GPOs, AD, Server hardening and Microsoft Clustering technologies
Create best practices and take charge of build decisions, infrastructure and systems software design on larger, more complex systems to achieve strategic objectives
Converted Linux systems from local password authentication to LDAP and NFS homes significantly increasing administrative efficiency.
Coordinated resources with varied programming expertise to create a holistic solution to system update and service interruption issues.
Significantly increased storage space, analyzed and matched workloads to a cost effective solution
Created shell scripts and cron jobs that monitored and reported security issues
Installed, configured, and updated Linux machines, with Red Hat, Debian, and CentOS.
Ordering all merchandise.
Created shell scripts and cron jobs that monitored and reported security issues
Auditing inventory.
Overseeing the ordering and shipping of products.
Maintained IT Help-desk atmosphere, server and desktop patch management
Maintained corporate Anti-virus infrastructure, corporate SharePoint infrastructure
Desktop and Server backup and restore implements methods for disaster recovery where needed.
Monitored usage, capacity, and gratification of servers liaise with customers and/or suppliers to deal with problems and alterations in needs.
Provided technical guidance and training, used other departments to supply a general 99.999% accessibility to enterprise and production services.

Systems Administrator/Python/PHP developer July 2000 to August 2009
The Sarut Groupe, New York, NY
• Manage server, AD, group policy, Exchange and network environments.
• Install all new server and network equipment.
• Upgrade server and network equipment as needed.
• Architect infrastructure solutions as requested.
• Manage security policies and firewalls.
• Support application, web and database servers in development, QA and production environments.
• Create backup policies and DFS for DR and administer daily.
• Review backup logs daily to verify backups completed successfully.
• Administer virtualization and associated VMware environments.
• Monitor network performance and provide recommendations to management.
• Monitor server performance and provide recommendations to management.

Technical Skills
UNIX, C, C++, Visual Basic, Solaris, System Servers, Intel 8086 Assembler, VMS, MS/DOS, Pascal, LISP, FORTRAN, PERL, PHP, Oracle software, SAP software, IBM AIX, red hat Linux, SUSE LINUX, UBUNTU LINUX, MAC OX(Tiger, leopard), Microsoft office(95, 97, 2003, 2007), R Programming, Tibco software, Cisco and juniper networks gear, Apache server applications, Shell scripting (Bourne, Bourne Again, Korn), HTML, Pascal, JavaScript, SQL, PL/SQL, Blackberry equipment, Dynamic HTML (CSS), Assembler, Delphi, Prolog, ML, OpenGL, Open CL, Encryption protocol, Ruby programming, and Microsoft Direct compute programming, Windows operating systems( 95, 98, NT, 2003, Vista, 7, 10), Ansible, Puppet, and Chef.
Education
CUNY City College of New York
BS Computer Engineering and Nuclear Physics 2006

CUNY Borough of Manhattan Community College
ASS Honors Mathematics/Engineering Science 2003

Certification
CCNA, CCNP, JNCIE, CISSP, MCSD, SSCP, RHCSA, RHCE, CSSLP.
Contact this candidate