Objective
Obtain an IT position within the .MIL or private sector, where my prior skills and experience can be utilized and help make a difference. I am skilled in Cyber/Information Assurance, Server, Storage, Backup Systems, RMF/CCRI/NIST Controls, COOP, Disaster Recovery, and Project Management in the top lead role. I am willing to obtain additional certifications. I am fluent in writing, updating, and creating technical accreditation documentation, TTP’s, drawings, processes, procedures, and policies.
Experience
Site Lead / Project Lead / Technology Manager / Overall Lead Systems Administrator
KaiHonua, LLC (Rock Island Arsenal) January 2019 – July 2023
nLead a team of 65 employees at the Rock Island Arsenal, US Army base, which were responsible for all aspects of IT acquisition, maintenance, and support, including Networking, Server, Storage, Desktop Support, Web Development, Database, Cyber Security, and VTC services.
nObtained stellar Contractor Performance Assessment Reports (CPAR) for my overall contract 5 consecutive years, which were 2nd to none in the entire Army. Each CPAR rating contained 2 or 3 Outstanding overall scores out of 4 items scored for each year tenured. Obtaining a single Outstanding from the government on any item during a multi-year contract is considered a feat. These scores provided drastic Past Performance weight to HONU and allowed them, and all of their subsidiary companies, to secure numerous multi-million dollar contracts within the government sector. They were most recently awarded the overall Network Enterprise Center contract at Redstone Arsenal due directly to the performance numbers on this contract.
nResponsible for all aspects of multiple Enterprise Data Centers within the .MIL environment on both the unclassified and classified Army networks.
nPrimary point of contact for interaction with RMF and CCRI Audit Teams.
nOverall responsible for all RMF and CCRI compliance items, documentation, CCB process, and application.
nActed as the primary classified container custodian for the SIPR Datacenter.
nConducted routine mock disaster scenarios.
nResponsible for communicating with the entire Army base of approximately 6000 employees and providing them with maintenance periods, outages, and all pertinent details related to the IS, to help them succeed with their mission.
nMaintained administrative access to all servers, backup systems, applications, Active Directory, eMASS, McAfee HBSS Security Suite (ePO Site Admin), ACAS Security Scanner, and numerous other systems, while maintaining overall Technical Lead responsibilities, in addition to being Site Lead.
nOn call 24/7/365 from October 2007 to July of 2023 without a single missed SLA.
nServer and Networking Metrics are beyond compare. Server availability metrics never fell below 99.9% availability during the entire tenure as Team Lead or Site Lead.
nProvide cloud-based hoteling services to participating on and offsite Army entities.
nSchedule, facilitate, and conduct remote and in-person meetings.
Team Lead / Sr. Systems, Storage, and Backup Administrator
KaiHonua, LLC (Rock Island Arsenal) October 2007 – January 2019
nInstall, maintain, and administer physical/virtual servers, associated software, enterprise-class storage systems, tape and disk backup devices.
nAct as the primary lead for a team of up to 14 System Administrators.
nClassified and Unclassified data center architect responsible for acquisition, installation, certification, and overall management of storage, data retention, security, Active Directory objects, patching, and maintenance.
nResponsible for the acquisition and management of hundreds of Windows 2008, 2008R2, 2012, 2012 R2, 2016, and 2019 servers.
nPrimary MS Exchange Administrator within the SIPR Classified environment.
nPhysical racking and stacking of all data center servers, storage, backup systems, and appliances.
nResponsible for As-Built topographical drawings using MS Visio.
nTop Level Active Directory OU Administrator for the largest AD structure in the World.
nInstall and maintain numerous fiber channel and direct connect DLT and LTO backup tape libraries from Quantum, HP, Dell, and SpectraLogic.
nInstall and maintain multiple disk-based backup systems including EMC Data Domain, HP StoreOnce, and Rubrik
nPrimary backup custodian utilizing Commvault.
nInstallation and primary POC for numerous disk-based Storage Area Networks, including EMC CX series, VNX series, NetAPP, and Dell platforms, via fiber channel.
nInstallation and management of Brocade SAN fabric switches.
nApplication of DISA STIGs on all associated systems and hardware.
nManage numerous high availability systems, such as Microsoft SQL, utilizing Failover Clustering.
nAct as the primary liaison between the government and Public Works contractors for actions related to the IS or any managed data center.
nConduct actual and yearly COOP operations, including full Disaster Recovery functionality.
nResponsible for the creation and updating of all processes, procedures, and TTPs.
Sr. Systems Administrator
KONE, Inc October 2002 – April 2003
nInstallation, maintenance and support of Windows NT and Windows 2003 Server OS
n Group policy management, including WMI filtering.
nCreation of Active Directory objects, user accounts, and groups for applying file/folder permissions.
n6 month contract
Lead Sr. Systems Administrator
ALCOA, Inc. 2000 – 2003
nInstallation, maintenance and support of all desktop PCs, peripherals, and servers within the data center for a Fortune 500 company.
nInstall the Windows OS on required hardware platforms.
nProvide Helpdesk services, including overall Tier III/IV support for the entire ALCOA site in Riverdale, IA.
nInstall all required software on desktops, peripherals, and servers.
nMicrosoft Exchange Administrator
nConduct basic classroom training sessions for ALCOA employees.
nResponsible for inventory of all IT assets.

Technical IT Services Manager
DerbyTech Computers, Inc. 1995 – 1999
nActed as the Technical Service Manager for a local IT shop that provided basic desktop support and networking services to the public and hundreds of local business and schools.
nProvided hardware support to thousands of customers with 386, 486, and Pentium desktop computers.
nInstalled Ethernet and Token Ring networks of up to 50 users utilizing Windows 95 and NT Server.
nPerformed thousands of hardware upgrades on desktop PC’s.
nActed as the primary service center in the region for Packard Bell, Acer, and Gateway hardware support.

Education

BlackHawk College (Pre-Med) 1990-91
EMCISA v2 – EMC Information Storage Associate Active
BADCS – Brocade Accredited Data Center Specialist Active
CompTIA Security+ Active
CompTIA Server+ Active
Top Secret Security Clearance (SSBI) Active as of July 2023
Contact this candidate