Delmas A. Jordan Jr.
**** ********* ***** ** *** 4J
Huntsville, AL
m: 256-***-****
adzfeg@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary
Results-driven change agent with career-long record of strategic IT operations, technical support, and implementation management success for diverse business organizations

Proven talent for aligning business strategy and objectives with innovative IT development and end-user management paradigms to achieve maximum operational impacts with minimum resource expenditures. Customer-focused thought leader with expertise spanning installations, upgrades, system configurations, innovative applications, business efficiency, cross-functional team leadership, performance assessment, operations optimization, customer relationship management, training & development, complex problem solving, professional development, and technology solutions. Exceptionally dedicated systems administrator with keen interpersonal, communication, and organizational skills.

Core Competencies

CompTIA A+ Certified
CompTIA Network+ Certified
Infrastructure Management
Workflow Creation
CompTIA Security+ Certified
LAN/WAN Management
Asset Management
Project Coordination
Data Analysis
Multitasking
Complaint Management
Professional Experience

FAMILY FIRST LIFE, HUNTSVILLE, AL, APR. 20211 – PRESENT
INSURANCE BROKER
Developed and maintained agent and broker relationships, identified sources, placed risks and identified product opportunities
Managed new business development and renewal retention
Resolved client issues and acted as a liaison between the client and the carriers
Planned, coordinated, and implemented recruiting and sales efforts
Responsible for interviewing prospects and training new agent
Sold mortgage protection, final expense, income retirement planning, and asset preservation

VERIZON WIRELESS, HUNTSVILLE, AL, MAY 2022 – MAR 2023
CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE
Assisted customers with a warm and professional attitude
Provided answers to general questions and resolved customer complaints
Handled online order and credit card transactions
Managed customer accounts
Setup customer appointments and follow-ups
Facilitated inbound/outbound calls with customers

EMCO, HUNTSVILLE, AL, JUN. 2018 – APRIL 2021
ESD SPECIALIST
Demonstrated expertise in installing software by using BOMGAR or scripts, as well as maintaining
BOMGAR system infrastructure and operation.
Assist entire Army Corps of Engineers by providing Enterprise remote support.
Conduct vital performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization.
Complete software install and windows manipulation by effectively writing scripts.
Maintain server and desktop OS, applying OS patch and upgrades as necessary.
Manage Active Directory user and group administration.
Mentor and guide lower level technicians and resolve Tier III support issues.
Investigate and repair software and hardware failures.
Administer and troubleshoot Bitlocker and Blackberry UEM, as well as Windows 10 OS.
Managed and scheduled audio and video conferences through AT&T
Utilize call Manager to properly configure VoIP phones and voicemail for optimal efficiency.
Maximize support areas by compiling and presenting Service Level Metrics.

Sto Corp, Atlanta, GA, July 2017 – Apr. 2018
SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR
Oversaw status of all installed systems and infrastructure through vSphere.
Ensured the highest levels of systems and infrastructure availability through redundancy implementation.
Partnered with developers to implement fixes following thorough monitoring, performing test applications, and identifying feasible solutions.
Delivered high-quality customer assistance related to PC, MAC, and network issues.
Spearheaded redundancy strategies, as well as maintenance of security and backup.
Educated end-users on using new and existing technology by facilitating coaching and 1-on-1 training.
Composed custom scripts to increase system efficiency, reducing human intervention time on tasks.
Offered recommendations on purchasing new equipment and software based on careful evaluations.
Simplified daily activities through the creation of PowerShell scripts.
Functioned as Domain Controller and performed Active Directory administration.
Undertook task of creating, replicating, backing up, and monitoring virtual environment.

Insurance House, Marietta, GA, July 2016 – Jan. 2017
SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR
Achieved effective provisioning, installing, configuring, operating, and maintaining systems hardware, software, and related infrastructure.
Drove ongoing infrastructure innovation via technical research and development.
Coordinated new hire onboarding related to primary deployment of workstations and associated user accounts (Office 365, Active Directory, Security/Share permissions, and SharePoint).
Provided effectual PC, MAC, and network support to customers.
Processed returns of defective equipment, documented repairs, and updated and restocked inventory to maintain spare parts levels.
Coached and provided training to end-users for proper use of new and existing technology.
Combined Microsoft Deployment Toolkit and Windows Deployment Server to launch custom-built images through the network.
Evaluated and advised leadership on new equipment purchases.
Formulated PowerShell scripts to easily facilitate daily activities.
Operated in role as Domain Controller and Active Directory administrator.
Restored services to authorized network clients through active monitoring and troubleshooting.

Big green egg, Atlanta, GA, June 2016 – July 2016
IT CONSULTANT
Headed deployment and implementation of Windows 10 & Office 365, as well as Amcrest CCTV installation & configuration, and Windows Server 2012, 2016.
Reduced company spending by replacing Skype for Business for Cisco WebEx.
Ran PC surveys to estimate and recommend necessary changes.
Assessed and resolved hardware and software issues, both onsite and remotely.
Disseminated and enforced asset management procedures.
Enabled management and reporting from all devices by configuring and launching the SonicWALL VPN and GMS infrastructure across all sites.
Produced detailed documentation of server roles, services, network configurations, and server clusters.
Initiated necessary upgrades, installation, and configuration of Iomega StorCenter NAS.

examworks clinical solutions, Atlanta, GA, Mar. 2015 – May 2016
SERVICE DESK ANALYST
Fielded high-volume calls (50+) in an enterprise environment, utilizing Manage Engine help desk software to deliver timely resolutions and accurate documentation, evaluated, prioritized, and escalated as needed.
Guided customers at 1700+ end-user virtual workstations, providing detailed & timely follow-up support.
Contributed to knowledge base by consistently submitting accurate and well-documented solutions.
Informed customers in the use of manuals, hardware, and software.
Enhanced customer machines with installation of hardware & peripheral components, e.g. monitors, keyboards, printers, and disk drives.
Led configuration and troubleshooting of network hardware and communication equipment, operating systems, and personal computers.
Guaranteed precise system operation by observing system functions when inputting commands.
Performed proper phone setup and management through Cisco Unity Connection.
Collaborated in a 3-person team Domain Migration Project, creating user accounts, assigning & mirroring permissions, mirroring user documents & setting (XCopy), configuring domain group policy, configuring mapped drives & printers, setting up Exchange server, and educating users on their new Virtual Machine.

Call2recycle, Atlanta, GA, Mar. 2012 – Mar. 2015
DESKTOP SUPPORT SPECIALIST
Received requests for installing, monitoring, diagnosing, repairing, maintaining, and upgrading all PC/Thin Client/MAC hardware, software, and equipment, and ensured optimal workstation performance.
Diagnosed & solved unique, non-recurring issues by assessing application software & operating systems.
Adhered to established standards and guidelines while installing, configuring, and maintaining ongoing usability of desktop, laptops, Macs, peripheral equipment and software.
Devised resolutions to basic technical problems with desktop computing equipment by troubleshooting trouble tickets on SharePoint.
Incorporated remote access tools and Active Directory services to deliver effective customer assistance.
Interfaced with users and resolved request via phone, email, walk-up, or ticket system.
Organized computer set-up, phones, audio/video systems, and other accessories in conference rooms.
Tracked and maintained inventory of computer, network equipment, and accessories.
Reviewed server uptime, services, reporting, monitoring, and backups to prevent future inefficiencies.
Controlled Dell EMC NAS storage management.
Aligned objectives with IT group to roll out software upgrades and implement new services.
Regulated maintenance of offsite offices for network integrity and hardware upgrades
Directed LAN/WAN installation, network reconfiguration, connectivity, network security, firewalls, internet, hardware/software configuration.
Secured offsite backups of server via SonicWALL CDP Bare Metal Recovery software.

Kaiser Permanente, Atlanta, GA, July 2011 – Oct. 2011
VIRTUAL SUPPORT ANALYST
Served as point of contact for technical issues & questions related to upgrades, installations, and network.
Bridged communications with users to offer clear, positive, and professional services.
Navigated high volume calls (50+) in an enterprise environment, consistently documenting troubleshooting processes in BMC Remedy ticketing system and escalating issues as needed.
Authored accurate and well-documented solutions for inclusion in the knowledge base.
Compiled relevant information and research to accurately diagnose customer technical issues.
Built and configured email accounts using IBM Notes.
Sustained ongoing management of Single Sign-On accounts via Active Directory.
Verified correct system operation by observing system functions based on entered commands.
Managed customer support for Claims systems and patient tracking system.
Executed Remote Desktop support and troubleshooting of SSL RAS access.
Education and Credentials

ONP Network Engineering, Apr. 2015 – Apr. 2016
Omnitech Institute, Atlanta, GA
Relevant Coursework: A+, Network+, Security+, Windows 7, Server 2003, Linux+, CCNA, CCNA Security certification training

Professional Affiliations

Atlanta Members Alliance, Infragard, Atlanta, GA
Technical Skills

Operating Systems: Windows Server (2003, 2008, 2008 R2, 2012, 2016), Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8, 10, Ubuntu 14+
Software/Roles: Symantec Ghost, Symantec Deep Freeze, BMC Remedy, Microsoft Office Suite (2003, 2007, 2010, 2011 for MAC, Office 365), IBM Notes, EPIC Health Connect, SharePoint, SonicWALL CDP systems, SaleLogix, SalesFusion, ImageRight, IBM iSeries, SIS, AS 400, Bomgar, SCCM 2007, Hyper-V, VMWare VCenter/VSphere, Kaspersky Security Center10+, File Services, Active Directory, DNS, WDS, WSUS, DC, Citrix XenDesktop, Cisco Unity Connection, ShoreTel
Hardware: Zero Clients, Amcrest CCTV, Power Edge R 320, Paloalto PA-500 and PA-3020, Cisco 3945 E Routers, Catalyst 3850, ESI phone system

References available upon request
Contact this candidate