Riaz Ahmed
Phone (cell) 913-***-****
Email: adzgo2@r.postjobfree.com
Address: *** ******** ***
Irving, TX, 75063.

Summary of Experience
I have over 23+ years of Unix/LinuxSystem Administration in large Data Center(s) environment, supporting multiple Unix flavors(Linux/Solaris/AIX/HPunix) in a dynamic environment consisting of highly critical applications. Deep understanding of the issues related to the hardware and software with the profound ability to resolve. complex issues.. Proven ability to be a strong professional, good team player with sound knowledge of the new technologies and advance applications.
I have CSG level 2 clearance

Strengths:

●23+ years of experience of system administration/engineering on multi platforms such as Solaris2.x...8, Solaris 9, Solaris10, Linux. RHEL 4.x, 5.x, 6.x 7.x,8., AIX power VM and HP/UX.
●Engineered Linux, AIX and Solaris OS builds, including Solaris LDOMs, VMWare Linux AIX Power VM’s and configured High Availability solutions for Mission critical and business critical applications
●RHEL kickstart and OS system support.
●RHEL Linux pacemaker High Availability Clustering Engineer/install/configure/build/ support
●Devised and formulated methodology to perform OS upgrades/Migrate Solaris 2.x to Solaris 10 (Live upgrade)
●Formulated plans to minimize downtime and efficiently used Live Upgrade utility to patch OS/update and Upgrade OS
●SAN/SVC migrations, Migrated SAN from EMC/Clarion/ to IBM SVC.
●Engineered Server/Data migrations for Data Center consolidations.
●Engineered High availability solutions and identified single point of failures. System Design, Implemention and Support. Veritas H/A clustering (VCS),RHEL Linux Pacemaker Cluster
●Devised a methodology to document MOPS for Veritas Volume Manager upgrades and VCS upgrades trouble shooting and maintenance
●Veritas Net-backup install, upgrades Maintenance, configuration, backup and restore.
●Configure and troubleshoot NFS, NIS, DNS, Mail problems.
●Administering NFS,NIS,DNS and Network
●Configuring and troubleshoot network, routing, hardware/software issues
●OS patches and schedule maintenance for various environments such as test/development/production using scheduling tools such as HP service desk, Remedy, Pier, Service Mow
●Experienced in using server automation tool HPSA and OO flow for server automation.
●Experienced in working with RAID
●Kernel and System Tuning.
●Monitoring, Maintenance and troubleshooting mission critical and business critical systems
●Engineering and capacity planning for forecasting growth, proactively raising flags to avoid bottlenecks and production outages.
●Experienced in Korn and Perl scripting
●Solaris Containers, ZFS, solstice disk suite, Sun enterprise Volume Manager and Sun clustering, LVM
●RHEL 6,7 on IBM pureflex, GPFS (General Parallel File system ) clustering
●Experienced in installing/implementing/troubleshooting GPFS cluster in prod/dev/test/ORT environment for Analatics data.
● 3rdparty installs such as JBoss, Weblogic, Apache, Tomcat, Iplanet, Mqseries, Tivoli, Zabbix and HPopenview

Software& O/S: UNIX (Solaris2.x, Solaris10, CDE), Solaris x86, SunOS, BSD, Linux RHEL 4.x,5.x,6.x,7.x 8.x SVR7, AIX PowerHA, OS/400, Oracle 7, 8, 9, 10G, 11G, NIS, NIS+, DNS, X-windows. Sun OS 4.1.3, Solaris 2.6, 7 Solaris 9 and Solaris 10,HP- UX 10.x, Windows NT 4.0, Veritas Volume Manger 3.X, 4.X, 5.0, 5,1 Veritas Cluster Server 2.x, 3.x, 5.0,5.1 Veritas Net-backup 3.x, 5.0, MQ-series, web-logic, I-planet and apache

Hardware: Sun-sparc Ultra Enterprise servers 6000/5000, E-4500,6500/ 350/450 Ultra, Sun-fire V-1280, V-890’s, V-490 and V-240’s, Sun-fire 6800,4800 Netras/30’s &40’s, Oracle-Sun T4, M4000’s, IBM-PureFlex, HPproliant 5800 gen 8,9,10

Industry Training
1)Oracle 8i DBA Oracle Education.
2)System Performance management from Sun education
3) TCP/IP network management from Sun educati
4) Sun-fire work Group/enterprise server maintenance from Sun Education
5) Veritas Cluster Server from Veritas Education
6) Shell Programming for System Administration
7) AIX System Administrator from IBM
8) Illimio microsegmentation- Illimio Security
9)RHEL pacemaker HA clustering (RHEL)

Industry Certification: Sun Certified System Administration –7(SCSA-7)

EXPERIENCE:

Sprint, T-Mobile Nov 2001- Present
SYS ADMIN

●Engineer, Install, deploy and administer system builds for various projects, maintenance of servers/OS (Linux, Solaris, AIX) capacity planning, capacity upgrades and break fix support on various servers such as HP-Proliant DL380 Gen 8,9,10, Dell Poweredge series
●sun-fire 6800, 4800, V-1280, V-890, V-490, V-240 and V-880’s, 480’s and V-280’s as per the Engineering Design, configure SAN(EMC, Hitachi, Net-app),Perform kernel and system tuning, apply security fixes and Install and configure Volume Manger.
●For MC/BC applications engineer and configure HA Veritas Clustering for critical applications. RHEL pacemaker HA clustering
●OS upgrades, OS patches, Software Installs, Data Migrations, SAN migrations and Data Center Consolidation.
●Configure NAS/NFS shares, Configure VCS for DB/application.
● VMware Linux OS provisioning and stand-alone HP proliant server builds for LINUX, Sun Ldoms, Linux VM slices, Solaris containers, RHEL6,7,8, IBM pureflex with GPFS clustering. AIX Lpar provisioning/assigning SAN/configure file system layout/configuring Lpars for Oracle RAC.
●Identifying issues and re-engineering operating efficiency by continually assessing the performance of the operating system and recommend capacity upgrades, downgrades, server consolidation and virtualization to save costs
●Server Builds ranging from Solaris standalone servers from V240,,490,890,6900,M4000 to VM slices of Linux with RHEL 4.x/5.x/6.x/7.x, IBM PureFlex with GPFS clustering.
●Working on methodologies and server automation using HPSA to apply and schedule server patches.
●Devised/customized/certified Veritas cluster upgrades, Veritas Volume Manager upgrades.
●Engineered and recommended File systems migrations from Veritas File system to ZFS to save costs
●Adopting tools and Utilities such as Live Upgrade utility to perform OS patches/Veritas Upgrades/security fixes to cut down application down and efficiently and safely apply OS patches/upgrades without affecting application run time.
●Ensuring the maintenance of current system and departmental documentation.
●Proactively assessing and collaborate with client personnel to ensure continuing responsiveness of systems to meet the business objectives of the department.
●Testing, correcting, monitoring and updating mid range systems tools.
●Designing backup recovery procedures for new or modified applications and systems.
●Monitoring processes to measure performance of more complex systems implementing automated methods for monitoring and notification of system and application alerts.
●Implement automated methods for monitoring and notification of system and application alerts for critical processes.
●Identify single point of failure, devise failover capabilty and ensure OS availability as per the SLA.
●24/7 Oncall support on a rotational basis
●Service delivery for highly complicated solutions in a dynamic environment/re-engineering solutions
●Root cause analysis/Irreversible Corrective Actions to Sev1/Sev2 outages
●Following up with vendors/stakeholders to perform the fix/document the procedure and publish
●Successfully identified standalone servers /applications for Server migrations from Solaris standalone servers to Virtual Slices
●running LINUX and for apps required to run on Solaris to standalone to LDOM’s
●Experienced in Data center migrations, consolidating server foot print.
●Engineer/Design/implement/administer High Availability and Failover Solutions such as Veritas Clustering, Sun Clustering and Oracle RAC.

Sprint E Solutions July’2000 –August-2001
Technology Solutions Consultant

●Supported an environment of more than 5,000 users and around 700 servers varying from ultra 60 to ultra enterprise 3500/4500/4000/5000 in an environment consisting of UNIX (Solaris2.x.7, HP-UX, and SGI) & NT Platform.
●General day to day operations included account management, backup and restore, general trouble shooting which involved NFS, NIS, Network issues, login issues, mail problems X-windows configuration.
●Provided system and Network support in production and testing environments consisting of Unix/NT platforms.
●Provided support for lab environments Maintained network services: NFS, Automounter, DNS, NIS, SMTP (Send-mail), ftp including network troubleshooting and hardware & Software upgrades for lab servers and workstations
●Installed and Configured Sun-Solaris Servers for on variety of Sun Hardware, to be used for hosting Client’s website, file servers and also other applications.
● Configured and managed NFS, NIS and DNS

Innovative Consulting Solutions LLC
Software Engineer Aug’1999- June’2000

●Provided Technical support as a team member for the R&D division for over 1500 users and around 250 servers ranging from Ultra30’s Ultra60’s to UE450/UES/4500/UES10000.
●Administration using ARS remedy tickets to troubleshoot user and server problems on the SUN Solaris platform.
●Installations and System Upgrades
●Configured and installed BMC Patrol software, (Server and Agents)
●Manage backups/restore with Veritas Net-backup.
●Deploying software releases, hardware and software installations.
●Administered NIS, NFS, DNS
●Managed and installed utilities like Solstice Disk suit, third party software like MQ series, Web-logic and I-planet
●Maintained the servers which use Solaris disk-suite,Veritas Volume Manager
● Reconfigured the Kernel and also developed SHELL scripts to carry out everyday administrative tasks.
●Wrote and implemented several shell scripts to automate daily routine jobs
●To automate Backups, To add users to the system, changing username, adjust disk quota

Exnora Technologies July 1995 –Aug 1999
UNIX Systems Administrator

●Scheduling jobs to optimize usage of system resources
●Deploying software releases, hardware and software installations.
●Managed and installed utilities like SUDO/operating systems, and third party software like PCNFS
●Provided support for lab environments Maintained network services: NFS, DNS, NIS, SMTP (Send-mail), ftp.
●install application software packages
●Setup user desktop machines, which are Ultra30s, Ultra1s, Sun-Sparc5, 10s and 20s.
●Jumpstart installation of OS on Sun machines.
●Regenerate disk drives of Sun-Sparc, Ultra machines when the disk crashes.
●Data Management, handle backup and restoration of the file systems using Open-Vision.
●Created Production Turn Over documents for each server, which documents the installation, maintenance and troubleshooting procedures.
●system installation, configuration and maintenance
●Analyze, Capacity planning and Performance Tuning of the systems.

EDUCATION:

●Bachelor of Engineering (mechanical) from Osmania University, India. 1994

References
References will be furnished upon request.
Contact this candidate