GUY E. MATZ
**-** ****** **.
Forest Hills, NY **375
917-***-****
adzsde@r.postjobfree.com
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
● Expertise in System administration of many Linux distributions, particularly RedHat & Ubuntu
● Expert in Ansible & Salt configuration management, experience with Chef & Puppet
● Administration of all common UNIX services, e.g. NFS, NIS, DNS, Postfix, LDAP, etc.
● GCP Certified, AWS & Rackspace administration
● Kubernetes / Docker / Helm
● Strong Shell, Python, & Groovy scripting
● Jenkins Administration and programming
● Artifactory administration and programming
● Oracle/MySQL administration & programming
● Excellent practical & theoretical knowledge of Internet applications and security concerns
● App Server administration & Programming of Tomcat, Rails & Flask
● Web Server administration Apache & Nginx
● Contribution to Open Source projects
Ansible
Jira module for python
The Foreman
apt-mirror
EXPERIENCE:
Aug 2020 - Present JetBlue, New York, NY
DevOps Engineer (Consulting)
● Lead SRE for Java & NodeJS public-facing website
● Administration of Kubernetes in GCP
● GCP administration via Terraform
● Migration to k8s RBAC from “sudo kubectl”
● Migration to GCP OSLogin
● Development & maintenance of Salt code for RHEL 8 & Ubuntu 20 Nov 2017 - Aug 2020 Schrodinger, New York, NY
DevOps Engineer
● Development & maintenance of Ansible & Salt code for RHEL 7
● GCP & AWS administration via Terraform
● Automation of business workflows using StackStorm / Python
● Automation of Swarm Cluster on vmWare using Terraform, as well as container deployment via ansible
● Automation of Docker Container builds for specific internal applications via Jenkins
● Docker Image builds with ansible-container
June 2015 - Nov 2017 J. Crew, New York, NY
DevOps Engineer (Consulting)
● Automation of many business processes using custom workflow engine
● Development & maintenance of Ansible code in an absurdly complex environment
● Design/Implementation of complex CI/CD
Workflow including integrations with several APIs
● Jenkins administration & automation with Groovy
● Artifactory administration, including custom User Plugins written in Groovy
● “Best Overall Hack” for Jira-based Business-Process automation written in Python
June 2017 - August 2017 Moxe Health, Madison, WI
DevOps Engineer (Consulting)
● AWS infrastructure management using Terraform
● Configuration management using Ansible
● Jenkins administration
Nov. 2014 - June 2015 Rent The Runway, New York, NY DevOps Engineer
● Development & maintenance of Puppet code in a complex SOA environment of ~500 CentOS servers in Rackspace
● Support of general development efforts and general Systems Administration functions
● Puppet, employing Roles/Profiles pattern. Development/deployment lifecycle includes git, librarian-puppet, Vagrant, Jenkins and rigorous testing
● Projects included “Towers of Hanoi” style datacenter migrations within Rackspace Public CLoud, Private Cloud and Dedicated vCenter
● Installation & maintenance of Katello for package management and strict lifecycle management of system packages
● Member of on-call rotation
May 2014 - Oct 2014 WeightWatchers, New York, NY
DevOps/Systems Administrator (Consulting)
● Configuration Management of new virtualized Rackspace Infrastructure using Ansible
June 2013 – May 2014 iHeart Radio, New York, NY
DevOps/Systems Administrator
● Administration of 200+ servers using Chef
Mixed environment of Metal, AWS & VMware
● SRE for Ingestion & Encoding team of developers
● Development and maintenance of Chef cookbooks
● Established process for Chef development using Chef Zero, test-kitchen and Vagrant
● Python coding of administrative web-app using Flask
● Development of automated DNS push derived from internal asset management database
Jan. 2013 – June 2013 Collective Media, New York, NY DevOps/Systems Administrator
● Hadoop administration of a 60-node Ubuntu cluster
● Development of proposal for Policies & Procedures
● Foreman integration into existing puppet environment
Development of Foreman/FreeIPA Proxy
● Katello installation for OS SDLC
● Creation of local repositories for code/package standardization
● Installation of FreeIPA for Kerberos authentication May 2010 – Jan. 2013 MarkitServ, New York, NY
DevOps/Systems Administrator
● On rotation for all levels of support
● Assisting in datacenter migration, including over 200 Linux servers, a number of NetApp appliances, and a large-scale VMware deployment
● Hardware consists of a number of HP BladeSystem c7000s and DL360s
● Puppet used for all server configuration
● Hadoop administration of a 30-node cluster
● Engineering and Implementation of a Continuous Integration test environment for Puppet deployment, using Hudson
● LDAP deployment for authentication and sudo authorization
● DNS management using InfoBlox
Mar. 2004 – May 2010 Open Finance, New York, NY
Team Lead, Production Systems
● Heavy development of Financial Services Back-End System dataflow and utilities using bash, Perl, Python, Java, XML, SQL & PL/SQL
● Development of web application for monitoring internal applications using JSP, WebSphere & Oracle
● Development of client-facing Rails application
● Puppet used for configuration management
● Systems & network administration at co-location facility for Production, UAT & Development systems in US and European Facilities. Managed Systems Administrators both domestically and abroad (Switzerland & Singapore) using Puppet for centralized administration.. RedHat/CentOS/Fedora/OracleEnterprise Linux systems are used for Oracle databases, application servers and infrastructure servers, including firewalls, mail servers and naming services servers
● Manager of team to implement planning, installation of Disaster Recovery site, including fail-over procedures and recovery
● Installation and configuration of systems and network monitoring agents
● Installation & Management of a variety of hardware, including VPN & iSCSI appliances, various RAID storage and various Intel-based servers.
● Email server administration – Postfix & Dovecot
● Installation of LDAP infrastructure
Oct. 2001 – Feb. 2004 Max Power Consulting, New York, NY Computer Systems Consulting
● Systems & network administration at co-location facility for medium-sized web development group. Systems range from Sun V120s to 4500 to Sun E6900
● Development of heavily customized mailing-list application using PHP, Perl & MySQL
● Teaching of “Windows 2000 Professional” & “Windows 2000 Infrastructure” courses at a small technical college.
● Development and maintenance of complex printing quota management system at Columbia University
● Windows 2000 administration for a cooperative medical facility
● Linux and Oracle administration at a co-location facility for a financial start-up
● Database design and front-end coding for a Marketing firm
● Microsoft VPN access solution for a Law firm at “Ground Zero” Jan. 2001 – Oct. 2001 Kinexus Corporation, New York NY Consulting - Back-End Systems Developer
● Development of Financial Services Back-End System dataflow using Shell, Perl, Python, Java, SQL & PL/SQL
● Heavy use of Oracle and DataJunction
● IBM MQSeries administration
Dec 1999 - Jan 2001 Opus360, New York NY
Senior UNIX Web Services Administrator
● Installation and configuration of Sparc Netra T1 105s & Enterprise 250s
& 450s
● Netscape Web-Server administration and tuning
● Responsible for securing external web-farms including setting firewall rules, installing SSH, configuring tripwire, as well as deploying VNC as a means to remotely administer NT Servers
● WebLogic administration, including architecture of development and production environments
● Installation & configuration of Resonate, a software-based network load-balancer
● Installation & configuration of WebMethods, a java-based application server
● Installation & configuration of Network Services, e.g. Sendmail, DNS, LDAP, etc.
● Oracle administration in a development environment
● Configuration of Jumpstart Server
● CGI scripting using Perl
● LDAP administration
Mar. 1998 – Jan 2000 Credit Suisse/First Boston, New York NY Consultant – Systems Administrator - Trading Floor Support
● General trading floor support in mixed Solaris/NT environment
● Engineering and installation of Solaris on servers and workstations ranging from Sparc IPX to E4500s
● Engineering and implementation of experimental NIS-to-LDAP conversion
● Autosys management
● NIS/NFS administration
Feb. 1997-Mar. 1998 Deutsche Bank, New York, NY
Systems Administrator
● Production support in Trading Floor environment. Production platform consisted almost entirely of RISC boxes running AIX versions 3.2.5 & 4.x.
● Environment made heavy use of NIS & NFS, including HA/NFS server pairs for most non-workstation class machines and HA/CMP for specific mission-critical application servers.
● Configured HTTP proxy servers to better serve LAN segments
● Developed web-based documentation management system
● Other duties included application roll-outs and filesystem maintenance. May 1996-Feb. 1997 PFM Communications, New York, NY Systems/Network Administrator
● Network consisted of various Sparc, NT & BSDI servers, T1 connections to Sprint, MCI & UUNet for Internet connectivity and Cisco routers
● Primary responsibility was technical contact for Internet Wired, a project to Internet-ready commercial properties
● Managed WWW, News, Mail and other Internet services
● Configuration of client-end routers and management of Internet services on both Solaris & NT
● Projects included design & installation of Internet solutions, i.e. routers, CSU/DSU, Terminal Servers, etc., at client sites and the design and implementation of company’s internal Firewall with Checkpoint’s Firewall-1.
Apr. 1995-May 1996 Dillon, Read & Co., New York, NY Systems Administrator/Intranet Developer/E-mail Administrator
● Network consisted of SPARC servers running both Solaris 2.4 & SunOS, Prime mainframes, X-terminals, PCs and Macs
● Headed project team to install firm-wide E-mail at home office and others around the country
● Developed prototypical Intranet in a mixed Solaris/NT environment.
● Site included a variety of content such as a document management system, an expense report filer, a personnel database, as well as department specific applications. Site made use of JavaScript on the front-end and Perl and Oracle as back-end tools.
● Member of project team responsible for Internet connectivity. Project included hardware configuration of Firewall with routers on the internal & external nets and a bastion host in between, and implementation of security software
● Responsible for naming services conversion from NIS to DNS Jan. 1993-Apr. 1995 Horizon Data Corporation, New York, NY Systems Administrator
● Responsible for Systems Administration of RS/6000 TCP/IP LAN/WAN, including integration with Netware 3.12 LAN/WAN for a U.S. Government agency
● WAN included T-1 & 56Kb bridges to satellite offices in metropolitan area, and a dial-up SLIP connection for a sister office in San Diego
● Member of project team responsible for installation, implementation and administration of Excalibur, a client/server document imaging system, and Oracle 7.
● Responsible for document management architecture and implementation using near-line (CD Jukebox) storage
● Member of team to integrate cc:Mail & Router throughout WAN, which included 5 offices with a total of approximately 200 nodes. Each node ran IP on top of IPX in order to use Windows client software for the applications running on the RS/6000
EDUCATION: 2010 - Present Brooklyn College, New York - Biology 1987 - 1992 University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI – Mathematics 1983 - 1987 Bronx H.S. of Science
LANGUAGE SKILLS: Knowledge of Dutch and French
Contact this candidate