RAPHAEL SINOYIA SARINKE MASINDET
P. O. BOX 444**-***** Nairobi.

CELL: +254-***-***-*** EMAIL: adzypu@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Over 12 years’ experience handling various ICT capacities
Excellent installation and troubleshooting abilities and advanced knowledge of computer information technology.
Experience providing technical leadership, foresight and senior level ICT advice and information
Running regular checks on network and data security
Identifying and acting on opportunities to improve and update software and systems
Developing and implementing IT policy and best practice guides for an organization
Ability to conducting regular system audits
Highly proficient in a wide range of computer software
Provide support and guidance to staff and fellow colleagues
Keep abreast of developments in computer hardware and software, and information technology
A track record of being able to anticipate and resolve potential problems quickly
Ability to investigate and understand emerging technologies, explore and evaluate them and then advise on best actions to be taken
Hardware and software installation, maintenance and repair
Very capable with a proven ability to ensure the smooth running of ICT systems and to provide IT services that will improve the efficiency and performance of a company.
Extensive practical knowledge of complex systems builds, hardware and software testing, network support, technical support and computer repairs

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Configuration of Cisco Network device
Knowledge of Windows 2003/2008 server
Knowledge in LAN/WAN/MAN technologies
Routing
Setting up WAN Telecommunications
Administering UNIX and Ms.-windows.
Programming languages: Visual Basic, C++, C, C.
Knowledge in internet technology.
Able to handle change
Able to coordinate training
Can handle administrative duties
Resilient to pressure
Able to communicate fluently
Committed, hardworking and flexible
Virtualization.

EDUCATION
Master of Science in Computer Information Systems, University of Nairobi, Ongoing
Degree Bachelor of Computer Application IT, DR.BR Ambedkar University, 2003-2007
Diploma in Computer Operations, (Hardware and Networking), Jetking Computer Hardware and Networking Institute, 2007

TRAININGS & CERTIFICATIONS
Microsoft Dynamics, NAV, 2015
oSystems Administration
oHuman Resource Management-ERP

NLIMS Deployment & Maintenance, 2016
oServer Administration,
oDatabase Administration
oMulti-user Geodatabases &Arch GIS for Server Administration
NLIMS/ICT Training of Trainers, 2017
oCitizen/Customer Relation Management System-CRM.
oElectronic Document Management System (EDMS)
oLand Administration Approval
oOverview of the NLIMS Approval and Public Portals
oNLIMS Over viewer and Web Application
Oracle Database 12C 2018.
oManaging Multitenant Architecture
oBackup and Recovery Workshop 2
oAdmin, Install and Upgrade Accelerated
oUNIX and Linux Essentials
o Introduction to SQL
Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) 2019
oGovernance and Management of Information Technology
oProcess of Auditing Information Systems
oInformation Technology Audit Framework
oTechnology Audit Framework
oInformation Systems Acquisition, Development and Implementation
Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) 2019
oInformation Security Incident Management
oInformation Security Program Development and Management
oInformation Risk Management
oInformation Security Governance
Certified Ethical Hacker –Completed. (CEC) 2019

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
ICT Officer, National Land Commission, Aug 2014 to date
Systems administration Active Directory and domain
Installation and configuration of Microsoft server 2012R2
Software and hardware maintenance and support
HRMS -ERP (Human Resource Management system) administration, support and Implementation.
LAN/WAN Configuration and support
Database Administration, backup and configuration
Management and implementation of HRMS System.
Microsoft Dynamic Navision 2015, installation and configuration, NAV 2015.
Updating documentation of systems setup and protocols
Performance, stability and security of all systems.
Administering user accounts, rights and access.
LAN/WAN administration and configuration.
Virtualization

Database Administrator, National Museums of Kenya, Nov 2010-2014
Database Management, and development
Application development as per user requirements
Software, Hardware and PC support & maintenance
Administering UNIX and Ms –Windows operating system.
Configuring and Troubleshooting Cisco devices
Setting up WAN/LAN telecommunication.
Data, Network administration and configuration
System development
LAN/WAN Management.
Administration of windows server 2008.

OTHER PAST EXPERIENCE
Office Assistant & Presiding Officer, Referendum 2010- IIEC-Kamukunji Constituency, Feb - Aug 2010
Area Coordinator, Save the Girl Child, Narok/Kajiado, 2008-2010
Systems Administrator, Reliance India limited, 2003-2007
Assistant Systems Administrator, Kenya Literature Bureau (KLB), 1999-2003

Professional Membership: ISACA -1582573
CSK -136859

REFEREES
Please feel free to contact the under mentioned in regard to my competence, work ethic, performance and / or
any other aspect with respect to me: -
Joseph Leboo
Consultant
Tel: +254 -720935328

Nick Kamwaro
Tel: 072*-***-***

Amos Kasaine
Head-ICT
National Land Commission
Contact this candidate