David C. Kunkle Jr.
San Diego, CA *****
619-***-****
ac7xw3@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/davidkunkle

COMPETENCIES:

Process & Improvement Risk Mitigation Root Cause Analysis Regulatory Compliance Information System Audits Electronic Health Record Management Analytics & Reporting Project Management Planning & Organization Leadership & Mentoring Data Analysis Policy Development & Implementation Training & Development SQL & Database Management Scripting & Programming

Programming Languages: Python, PHP, C#, .Net, Java, SQL

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

IT Manager & Security Consultant, TekSystems 2015-2016

Conducted incident prevention, incident detection & analysis, incident containment, unauthorized access eradication. I directed operations recovery across IT systems. Completed contract with early completion of contract objectives for the contract.
Identified vulnerabilities, recommend corrective measures and ensure the adequacy of existing information security controls.
Educated business unit managers, IT development team, and the user community about risks and security controls.
Prepared detail practices and procedures on technical processes
Analyzed security incidents and presented a weekly report to the CFO.
Created, and implemented information systems security policy standards, and change management.
Increased Network Performance by 65% companywide by reducing network attack surface, and increased network security posture throughout many departments of the company, removal of several bottlenecks within the network infrastructure.
Evaluated current server environment, created several changes to improve services provided.
Created company wide images for PC and Servers.

IT Manager, San Diego Medical FCU 2014-2015

Responsible for senior level management and maintenance of San Diego Medical FCU computer systems. Worked closely with subject matter experts from the technical and business teams to develop, deploy, and maintain technical solutions in supporting the critical business functions of the company until the company merged.
Planned, organized, implemented, and evaluated IT and electronic data operations, processes, infrastructures and software.
Designed, developed, and implemented systems, policies and procedures with an emphasis on security and compliance.
Ensured security of data, network and backup systems which increased network performance by 86%, reduction of network attack by 34%, and defeated 76 attacks on the network over the 2014 holiday season, and was able to verify 100% network Integrity, and Confidentiality.
Monitored events, responded to incidents and reported findings.
Maintained accurate inventories of IT hardware and software.
Recognized areas of need and apply resources/processes accordingly.
Managed and train IT staff with a focus on balancing day to day operations with short and long-term goals.
Contributed to team effort by working with and performing systems administrator functions as needed.
Designed, Configured and Implemented mobile networking for executive staff.

Field Engineer VI, Zions Bancorporation 2013-2014

Conducted the implementation of California Windows 7 rollover and branch capture scanning initiatives for 13 branches within the southeastern branches of San Diego County.
Provided technical support for 13 branches including design, installation, maintenance, testing, evaluation and operation of systems.
Performed as the primary IT Point of Contact(POC) for 2 new branch openings, and 4 branch remodels.
Configured and installed 18 decommissioned server replacements.
Provided, configured, remediated, and deployed IT equipment, end user hardware, and networking re-configuration and of equipment.
Performed security research, analysis and design for all client computing systems and the network infrastructure.

IT Engineer, Qualcomm 2012-2013

Provided support to internal clients in a LAN/WAN environment by troubleshooting, and resolving technical issues with vendor software “connected backup” software and provide tier1 and tier2 engineering services (IT) support to all areas of the desktop environment for 150+ users working on the Connected Legal Hold Remediation Project.
Developed, researched, implemented, and documented appropriate system requirements on the Connected Legal Hold Remediation Project.
Analyzed capacity data and developed capacity plans for appropriate level enterprise-wide systems.
Provided operational support for many world-class engineering infrastructure systems spanning a diverse set of requirement and internal engineering departments.
Performed security research, analysis and design for all client computing systems and the network infrastructure.
Supported the design/configuration of complex system landscapes, and complex data/media recoverability through system backups and database archive operations.
Worked closely with the Hardware and Software Engineering design community, vendors, end-user’s library of system-supporting process and procedure documentation, and peers.
Performed moderately complex systems, and database administration.
Oversaw appropriate level software installations and upgrades of client based software.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows (XP, Vista, Win7, Win8 8.1, Win 10) Windows Server {2000/2003/2008/2012} SQL, Exchange, Linux (Ubuntu, Fedora), VMware Virtualization Software
Networking: LAN/WAN/VLAN Protocols and Configuration, Mail Protocols SMTP & PoP3/Exchange, VPN, Terminal Services, Routing Protocols OSPF, R.I.P., EGP, EIGRP, IGP
Software: Microsoft Office Suite (XP, 97, 2000, 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013) Exchange Server, 2000, 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013.
Hardware: Install, Config, Troubleshooting, Maintenance & Repair PC / Server, Router, Switch and Firewall Configuration, Cable Mgmt.
`
EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS:
Bachelor’s Degree in Information Systems Security 2015
Associate’s Degree in Computer Networking Systems 2013
CompTIA Security+
Contact this candidate