.
Snellville, Ga ***** 713-***-**** ad2lgp@r.postjobfree.com
.
GREGORY WHITE
PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY
Trusted Cybersecurity Engineer with 10+ years protecting companies against bad actors who disrupt business operations. Serves as primary safeguard against external threats. Educates colleagues on best practices and network safety protocols. Protects networked assets through both preventive and reactionary measures.
EDUCATION Stephen F. Austin State University
Bachelor of Science
CERTIFICATIONS CompTIA Security +
SKILLS
● Visual Basic. Net
● Microsoft Excel and
products
● C++ (Intermediate) Java
Skills
● Network Security
Measures
● Computer Forensics
● VPN Configurations
● Network Hardware and
Software Maintenance
● Vulnerability Testing
● Risk Management
Framework
● Cisco Certification CCNA
certified (expired)
● Solid Background in
multiple areas of IT
● Data Center
Administrator/Engineer
● Expert in Windows
Installation
● NIST SP 800-53
● Kali Linux
● Log Monitoring and
Management
● Penetration Testing
● Splunk SIEM
● Event Security Monitoring
● Firewall Installation
.
.
WORK HISTORY CYBERSECURITY ENGINEER 07/2022 to Current BLS, Remote
● Implemented necessary controls and procedures to protect information system assets from intentional or inadvertent modification, disclosure or destruction.
● Authored security and vulnerability reports, detailing logged incursions and suggesting remediation efforts.
● Worked with teams to develop company-wide information assurance, security standards and procedures.
● Maintained strict adherence to regulations such as payment card industry (PCI) data security standard.
● Developed and maintained company-wide endpoint security solutions.
● Designed, installed and configured email encryption gateways with data loss prevention.
● Developed security metrics and technical analysis to give insight into performance and trends.
● Engaged business and technology stakeholders to gather goals and requirements.
● Offered preventive training to harden personnel against intrusion vectors such as phishing, ransomware and more.
● Administered and monitored firewalls, intrusion detection systems and anti-virus software to detect risks.
● Analyzed network traffic and system logs to detect malicious activities
● Tier II/III SOC analyst active threat hunting on alerts, phising emails 05/2015 to 06/2022
Insight Global/ Hewlett Packard Cloud Lab
● HP ProLiant Blade system knowledge
● HP Synergy Installation and Configuration
● Acknowledge and answer hardware issue through JIRA ticketing system
● 3 par configuration, drive replacements
● Storage control and storage allocation using data store
● Creation of Vmware, Hyper V, esxi
● Daily Troubleshooting using Jira ticketing system
● Assist solving problems with network team, configuration and software
● Experience working with San,Qsfps,Sfp,Gbocs, server and network side
● Proficient in power allocation and rack build out
● Advance knowledge in Hot and cold Aisle containment
● Installed and decommissioned over 5000 servers
● Knowledge in java,C application, switches, hubs, routers
● Responsible for strict record keeping of every server, password, mac information and customer information
● Responsible for weekly customer time line and roll out of equipment
● Responsible for weekly progression meetings to upper management and customers HARDWARE TECHNICAL SUPPORT 02/2011 to 01/2015
Icon Solutions/ Hewlett Packard
● Data Center Infrastructure Knowledge- Advance knowledge and understanding of physical and virtual layouts and relationship between SAN Infrastructure, copper networking, power requirement, pod arrangement, and server placement
● Installation and basic troubleshooting of Hewlett Packard ProLiant and Itanium systems also including Enclosures, Blades, EVA, XPs, Tape Libraries, Cisco Catalyst and HP Procure
.
.
switches ProLiant systems experience – 380, 385, 580, 585, 685 blades ( 1st thru 8th generations) PA-RISC, and Itanium system experience- rx4640, rp4400, rx6600, rp7420, rx7640, rp 8420, rx8640 Imaging /Troubleshooting OS experience – Windows, Linux, HP-UX Console Networking – this includes ILO configuration for ProLiant Blade Enclosures and ProLiant system within HP, MP console configuration for PA-RISC and Itanium System, copper cabling, hub installation, KVM switch configuration
● Hp tape library management – Gemtrack storage procedure, daily storage replacement/removal of storage tapes LAN interface configuration for UNIX and Window systems Build out of SAN infrastructure – Installation of SAN Hardware enclosure and SAN Switches Monitor build team issues but not limited to hardware, networking, boot up, and imaging issues on a daily basis Decommission Servers (uninstall) Replace Hard Drives per Virtual Library System (VLS) Moonshot Installation SAN Allocation P9500 / 3 par System X86 Blade Ilo Configuration Power allocation and redundancy Knowledge Travel to multiple sites inside and outside of the city Hockley, Austin, Atlanta Email Performance and Critical objections daily Manage Multiple task and trouble shooting Network issue and connectivity to servers from switches
CONVERGES HELP DESK 11/2010 to 12/2010
● Configure new hire images for new hires work computer Added correct software to new hire terminals Fixed any software/hardware issue Filter Phone traffic where it was needed
● Marker group Litigation firm Que Processor/ Computer CUSTOMER SERVICE SPECIALIST 11/2009 to 03/2010
Best Buy, Seasonal Work
● Assisted Customer with product inquires Added Software and configure new laptop/desktop Worked Cash register
● Cleaned and performed product arrangement duties 01/2009 to 11/2009
● Put attorney records in the system
● Get the medical and employee records ready to take to court
● Put the records on cd's and shipped to plaintiff counsel
● Setup phone system and company re org.
SALES REP/WYNDHAM 11/2006 to 08/2008
Effective Teleservices, AT&T, Vacation resort
● Worked with Live person Chat on the AT&T website
● Helped people with their accounts online Helped current and future customers place orders online Sales rep for Wyndham Vacation Resorts Helped customer find and place order online for luxurious vacation packages
01/2003 to 06/2004
Hewitt Associates
● Used Remedy ticket program Fixed Software and hardware problems at the company Operating System imaging Configured Network Routers/ Switches Help with Network Design and Implementation
.
Contact this candidate