SREEDEVI PUTHENPUREKKAL THILAKAN
Doha, Qatar +974******** ad68hu@r.postjobfree.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE
An electrical and electronics engineer with technical experience in software development,communication and broadcasting, electronic equipment maintenance and TV transmission operations. Additionally handled assignments in the education domain (as headmistress and teacher) with reputed schools in Qatar. Clear communicator possessing excellent problem solving and team leading skills.Also was an entrepreneur in the waste management field in home town in Kerala, India. Join the workforce to contribute to the development of the society.
SKILLS
Technical Skills:
Electrical and Electronics Engineering Principles, Communication Technologies
TV Broadcasting Operations, Transmitter Troubleshooting & Maintenance
Electronic Boards Design & Maintenance, C, C++ AutoCAD, AutoCAD electrical, Primavera, Cyber security
MS Office, Child protection
Teaching & General Skills:
Syllabus Planning & Development, Teaching Methodologies, Student Learning & Development
School Administration, Stakeholder Management, Planning and Budgeting, Staff Selection
Communication, Presentation, Interpersonal and Decision Making Skills PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Entrepreneur Ecovis Waste Management Solutions
Kerala, India May 2019 - April 2024
Proprietor of Ecovis Waste Management Solutions.. Ecovis helps various Local Self Government organizations to manage the solid waste produced in areas under their jurisdiction in an effective and environmentally friendly way by liaising with various stakeholders.
Key Responsibilities and Achievements:
● As a consultant in solid waste management collaborated with organic and non organic waste disposal tech companies in the region.
● Supported decentralized Waste Management Systems.
● Designed systems empowering communities to process waste at the source.
● Community Education and Empowerment.
● Organized workshops on waste segregation, composting, and minimizing environmental footprints.
● Promotion of Circular Economy.
● Advocated for a mindset shift viewing waste as a resource within a circular economy. Impact:
- Improved sanitation and access to clean energy for communities.
- Educated individuals to become problem solvers and advocates for sustainable practices. Learning Assistant for Maths Department, Feb 2014 – Sep 2018 Norda Anglia International School (Al Khor, Qatar) Key Responsibilities:
● Collaborated with teachers in the school to develop and implement learning programs and lesson plans for the students of KS2, KS3, IGCSE and advanced mathematics.
● Ensured individual learning needs of the students were met, deployed appropriate teaching tools and technologies. Lead educator Mathletics.
● Helped establish a class-room environment conducive to learning, resolved any difficulties faced by students in the lessons being taught.
● Maintained up-to-date knowledge of Maths topics being taught, helped in revising/enhancing the Maths curriculum to meet benchmarked standards.
● Complied with school guidelines and norms, ensured proper usage of school equipment, and supervised students during school events.
● Assisted teachers in evaluating students’ academic performance by marking assignments and test papers, provided constructive feedback to students.
● Conducted after school extra curricular activities for secondary students in science and mathematics.
● Supported the main teacher in conducting whole school activities like science fairs and math online competitions.
Headmistress, teacher Sept 2008– Jan 2014
National Kindergarten (Qatar)
Key Responsibilities:
● Responsible for managing and coordinating various stakeholders (school management, staff and employees, school children’s parents) and ensured that operations ran smoothly improving and maintaining school resources and facilities.
● Oversaw enrollment of new students in the school at the start of each academic session, interviewed students and parents, and finalized enrollments. Ensured child friendly infrastructure following the norms from the ministry.
● Supervised preparation of the schools budget, assigned tasks to the administration staff and managed day to day activities of the school.
● Prepared several reports (financial, academic, organizational) and forwarded these to the top management for decision making.
● Coordinated with regulatory authorities overseeing primary education in Qatar such as Supreme Education Council, implemented directives issued by authorities.
● Developed curriculum for the school in line with requisite standards, hired competent teachers and staff, and organized training for them.
● Organized school functions and events, allocated budgets, finalized venues, coordinated with service providers, and ensured events were conducted successfully.
Engineering Assistant, Aug 2004 – Mar 2006
Broadcasting Corporation (India)
Key Responsibilities:
● Supported technical operations of the TV Relay Centre (Ranibennur, Karnataka) with focus on control and maintenance of the Low Power Transmitter.
● Facilitated uninterrupted transmission as per schedule, and in case of rare transmission failures, conducted urgent root cause analysis and rectified the problem.
● Monitored and analyzed the electrical and electronic signals, measured signal strength and verified that signal strengths were in the requisite band that facilitated high quality of TV pictures, assessed weather conditions that could affect signal quality.
● Assessed multiple locations for setting up transmission equipment, selected those which exhibited minimum reflection, diffraction and fading.
● Planned and led several projects for installation and commissioning of DD Direct Plus dishes at various locations.
● Handled checking and troubleshooting of digital electronic boards, and their installation in transmission equipment.
● Led a team of junior technicians and staff, prepared daily plans and work schedules, assigned tasks to team members, ensured completion by required time.
● Prepared and submitted monthly and annual reports to the management, procured new equipment after obtaining management approval.
PREVIOUS ASSIGNMENTS
● Jun 2001 – Sep 2001 : Software Development Engineer, Siemens public Communications Networks Ltd, India Documenting the optimized codes developed for various switching and routing equipment. Trained in C, C++,VC++,VB, RDBMs and SQL.
EDUCATION
NIT Calicut, India
Bachelor’s Electrical and Electronics Engineering (June 1997 to June 2001), Grade: 72/100 American TESOL certification for children (Teacher of English to Speakers of Other Languages) from American TESOL Institute (May2012-July2012)
PGDCS (Post Graduate Diploma in Cyber Security )from National Power Training Institute( April 2023 to September 2023)
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Citizenship: India
QID: 280********
Date of Birth: 28/05/1980
Marital Status: Married
Driving License: India, Qatar
Language: Fluent in English, Malayalam, Hindi
Contact this candidate