ROBERT R. LAKE, III
*** ****** ** • Chelsea, MI *8118
adbbqz@r.postjobfree.com • 757-***-****
OBJECTIVE: Obtain a management, analyst, or consulting position in the IT Security industry. SKILLS SUMMARY: An accomplished Cybersecurity/Information Security professional with more than 15 years of specialized training in cybersecurity, managing Information Technology (IT) operations within complex working environments, and developing teams by instilling commitment, trust, and loyalty. Strengths include solid spoken and written communications, analytical problem-solving skills, and adapting to change. Strong technical and business qualifications with an impressive track record of hands-on experience in strategic planning, risk management, and cybersecurity strategies. SPECIFIC WORK/TASK EXPERIENCE:
Centauri, Contractor for USAF, DARPA, NRO, and others, Ann Arbor, MI, 3/19-Present PISSM-Principal Information System Security Manager In this role, I designed, developed, and recommend integrated security solutions for multiple classified IS with various operating systems. In addition to maintaining day-to-day security posture and continuous monitoring of assigned systems, I also ensured system security measures complied with applicable government policies. An active member of the company Configuration Review Board (CMB), I consulted other cybersecurity professionals across the enterprise to ensure security and consistency. I maintained security Assessment and Authorization documentation (e.g., IA SOP, SSP, RAR, SCTM, CONMON, Configuration Management) including participation in system categorization for systems covering 29 different caveats. As the site cybersecurity lead, I spearheaded the development, documentation, and presentation of IS security education, awareness, and training activities for all users. Finally, I was responsible for investigating security incidents to include data spills, data integrity incidents, and malicious code incidents and providing reports to the responsible agency. United States Air Force, Contractor at Wright Patterson Air Force Base, 5/17 – 2/19 Information System Security Manager (ISSM)
Here, I acted as a Team Lead for more than 30 personnel, mentoring and managing their work while developing their professional credentials. I was assigned one of the more challenging programs in my directorate, the Purchase Request Processing System or “PRPS”. This program experienced significant funding shortfalls and personnel challenges. Through my leadership new, inexperienced, Cybersecurity personnel were guided through the process to achieve the systems Authority to Operate after having been un-accredited for over a year. Concurrently, I managed another program, Depot Maintenance Systems Integration (DMSI) in which I reviewed over 200 controls (comprising over 1,110 CCI questions), the associated STIG testing reports, the system policies (SSP, ACP, COOP, etc.), compliance evidence, and ensured the entire package was submitted on time. This effort required close coordination between multiple agencies, constant progress reporting to leadership, and ensuring any fixes required were accomplished before the package was submitted for approval. Efforts resulted in a full accreditation.
United States Air Force, Active Duty (Various locations world-wide) 10/07 – 6/17 Manager of Network Standardization, Information System Security Manager (ISSM) In this position, I managed two cybersecurity teams of 8 people in executing their assigned missions including authoring network security policy, enforcement, and mapping hardware and software baselines. Served as site subject matter expert and Configuration Change Review Board (CCRB) member for maintaining its cybersecurity posture, advised and implemented Risk Management Framework
(RMF), risk assessments, vulnerability mitigation, and maintenance of cyber readiness. Experienced in DCID 6/3, ICD 503 and standards, implementation, and enforcement. Audited weapons systems for discrepancies and reported and responded to Security Incidents. Assessed responses to Incidents, orchestrated cleanup and remediation and incident tracking and containment. Managed and directed cybersecurity personnel on requirements for information security program, eMASS network/enclave registration, Vulnerability Management System (VMS), Continuous Risk Monitoring System (CRMS), and all network auditing requirements. Drafted, edited, reviewed Continuity of Operations Plans (COOP), Incident Response Plans, Disaster Recovery Plans, Security Plans, Service Level Agreements, Standard Operating Procedures, and configuration control/change management. Performs quality assurance checks against DISA System Technical Implementation Guides (STIGs)/Security Requirement Guides
(SRGs), NSA guidance, and NIST standards.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
Top Secret/SCI (Adjudicated 3/2017)
EDUCATION/CERTIFICATIONS:
Master of Professional Studies, Homeland Security – Information Security and Forensics Pennsylvania State University, 12/16, 3.9 GPA
Bachelor of Science, Political Science
University of Maryland University College, 6/11, 3.6 GPA Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) # 478768 Certified Ethical Hacker, Certification # ECC45507190514 Cloud+ & Security+, CompTIA IAT II, Certification # COMP001020290456
Contact this candidate