Muhammad Azam
Carol Stream, IL *****
630-***-**** • adi8n3@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/azam1

Cybersecurity Data Loss Prevention Engineer / SME / Financial Services

Analytical and problem-solving Data Loss Prevention SME with experience in Symantec DLP and Information Centric Analytics (ICA) system deployment and upgrades, administration, disaster recovery, process development and workflow design. Background includes application development, production support, offshore resource management, performance tuning, and quality assurance. Known as a self-motivated, proactive and quick-learner who can quickly adapt to new situations and environments.

Professional Experience

HSBC Holding plc, Arlington Heights, IL July 2000 - August 2020
One of the largest banking and financial services organizations in the world.

Cybersecurity Information Centric (ICA) Engineer/Analytics June 2019 - August 2020
Deployed Symantec/Broadcom ICA, a User and Entity Behavior Analytics (UEBA) platform, for the global and regional DLP operations teams that include architecture design, infrastructure build, application install and configuration.
Developed dashboards and event scenarios for operational, data governance and audit roles to triage and prioritize Symantec DLP incidents, identify malicious actors and risky user behavior. Developed metrics and trends for KPIs and KRIs to help management oversee the implementation of core strategic initiatives.
Created and configured risk vectors and risk scores to determine the user’s risk level. Developed remediation actions for operations teams to mitigate DLP events that include escalating incidents to line manager and incident response team.
Defined and implemented role-based access to meet complex data privacy requirement for in scope 26 departments and 64 countries.
Provided mentoring and conducted training sessions with the operations teams to understand product features and functionalities of the tool.
Interpreted and translated technical concepts into information meaningful to project team members and/or business personnel.
Created IT Service Recovery Plan, coordinated and conducted disaster recovery exercise.
Analyzed and troubleshot system issues and work with the vendor and other IT teams to apply workarounds and fixes. Identified system gaps and raised product enhancement requests with the vendor for improving the functionality of the product.

Cybersecurity Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Consultant/Engineer/Analyst, May 2009 - June 2019
Deployed, upgraded, administrated Symantec DLP solution for Data-in-Motion (DIM), Data-at-Rest (DAR) and Data-in-Use (DIU/Endpoint). Monitored and responded to DLP alerts/threats generated from the tool including security breaches, intellectual property theft, fraud and avoidance of security controls and followed the incident response process through event escalations.
Designed and developed 100+ custom DLP policies & detection rules to support business for protecting sensitive information and to comply with company policies and regulatory requirements.
Led DAR team and scanned enterprise data repositories such as network file system and SharePoint sites for discovering confidential information. Collaborated and influenced business partners to make appropriate informed decisions about DLP rules and take remediation actions like quarantining, encrypting or deleting data at rest.
Configured DLP Endpoint rules for real-time monitoring and to notify users though popup messages and automatically applies the appropriate policy response.

Muhammad Azam adi8n3@r.postjobfree.com Page Two

Administrated Symantec DLP system comprised of 60+ servers including configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting. Coordinated with other IT teams such as DBA, Storage, SharePoint, Windows Server, Network and Access management to maintain all components of DLP system for smooth operation.
Installed and configured Symantec OCR (Optical Character Recognition) Sensitive Image Recognition that provides the capability to extract text from images and PDFs, enabling the use of DLP detection rules on this content.
Developed IT system recovery plan and carried out annual disaster recover exercises.
Developed DLP access request workflow in Global Service Request platform. Created custom roles and administrated role-based access.
Developed DLP processes, procedures and incident response workflows for remediation of DLP incidents.
Conducted DLP-related POC’s to established evidence that the product meets the success criteria and identify gaps those might interfere with the success.
Collaborated Microsoft AIP Project for consultation, development and testing of information classification/labeling, protection (RMS) and tracking and revocation.
Provided consultation to CASB project for developing and configuring DLP rules.
Analyzed and troubleshot system issues and worked with vendor for fixing the issues and customization of the tool.
Provided training to the operations teams for effective use of the tools.
A go-to SME for Data Loss Prevention queries.

Consultant Business Systems Analyst – Application Support, July 2000 to May 2009
Performed 3rd level support for a consumer lending application used by 2000 branches with over than 10000 users. Coordinated with development teams for troubleshooting and resolving the issues. Participated in major and minor application upgrades and releases, executed user acceptance testing (UAT) and regression testing.
Managed and provided oversight to 5 offshore resources in the endeavor to analyze, troubleshoot and resolve production issues, Ensured that application support objectives are met with adequate quality and within timeframe expectations. Met or exceeded each year’s annual goal of implementing one task per resource per month.
Analyzed and resolved complex and chronic pending issues raised by businesses including compliance and credit risk. Exceeded each year’s annual goal of reducing back log of unresolved pending tasks while simultaneously resolving new issues on time.
Trained and mentor 2nd level support team and developed procedures, guidelines, and knowledgebase documents for help desk and 2nd support team to triage and handle procedural issues.
Awarded with achievement shares for leading a system performance tuning project that met the yearly cost saving goals of one million per annum. The project was completed well within time and budget.
Managed all phases of testing for production tasks ensuring test plans and test cases meet business requirements. Helped and guided test teams in improving test plans by filling the gaps.

SEECO Consultants and Environmental Services, Tinley Park, Illinois 1992 - 2000
A multifunctional Civil and Environmental Engineering Company with over 50 years of service
Project Engineer
Designed and managed Civil, Geotechnical and Structural engineering projects.

Muhammad Azam adi8n3@r.postjobfree.com Page Three

Technical Skills

Languages: PowerBuilder, SQL, Python, Powershell
Database: MS SQL Server, Oracle, Sybase, DB2, IMS
Operating System: Microsoft Windows server 2003/2008/2012/2016, Microsoft Windows XP, 2007/2010, Unix/Linux
Tools: Symantec DLP, Symantec ICA, DocAuthority, Microsoft AIP, SharePoint, Confluence, Lotus Notes, Visio, Microsoft Office, Microsoft 365
Understanding of NIST and HITRUST CSF Framework, ISO 27001/2 and PCI-DDS Standards, HIPAA and GLBA Regulations

Education

Masters of Science, Civil Engineering, Illinois Institute of Technology, Chicago, IL

Training

Symantec DLP, Symantec/Broadcom ICA, Cloud Computing, McAfee MVISION Cloud – CASB,
Symantec CloudSOC – CASB, Microsoft Cloud App Security (MCAS), Microsoft 365 (Intune, DLP, ATP), Azure Information Protection, Azure Active Directory, Splunk

Certification
CISSP: Completed Bootcamp training. Scheduled for (ISC) certification exam in January 2021.
CCSP: Bootcamp training in progress. Scheduled for (ISC) certification exam in January 2021.
Contact this candidate