James S. Kay
adzmsc@r.postjobfree.com 520-***-**** LinkedIn Tucson, AZ 85716
Mainframe System Programmer Profile
Outcome-driven and technically astute professional with extensive experience installing, customizing, programming, and maintaining operating systems across critical projects, while troubleshooting issues and coding new programs.
Instrumental in ensuring optimal utilization of evolving technologies and information systems, while securing and leveraging updated knowledge regarding IBM Mainframe Systems Programming. Well-versed in facilitating project completion within set timeframe through complete setup of operating systems and relevant upgrades to products. Bringing exceptional coaching and interpersonal skills to inspire and lead diverse teams along with capitalizing on technical and business capabilities to provide superior customer service. Team player with strong communication skills and an analytical and problem-solving aptitude.
Areas of Expertise
•System Installation & Maintenance
•Hardware & Software Upgrades
•Project Management
•Application Support
•Process Improvement & Efficiency
•Technical Documentation
•Disaster Recovery
•Troubleshooting
•Team Leadership & Direction
•Programming & Coding
•Computer Networking
•Capacity Planning
Professional Experience
Intermountain Centers – Tucson, AZ 2022
IT Specialist II
Facilitated in maintaining computer networks and systems by providing direct and remote support to end-users across the state of Arizona. Performed various key tasks such as establishing networks, updating software and hardware, and implementing various systems. Evaluated and resolved complex issues in a timely and efficient manner. Leveraged excellent problem-solving and critical thinking skills to ensure delivery of superior service.
Delivered robust recommendations for modifications and upgrades as per requirement by gaining in-depth knowledge of PDQ computer inventory management program.
Administered prompt control for systems’ inventory management package.
Set up new Dell laptop computers for distribution to end-users.
Troubleshot remote issues by utilizing Team Remote Desktop.
St. Joseph Parish School – Tucson, AZ 2020 – 2021
Technology Coordinator
Coordinated several technical aspects such as addressing emerging issues to ensure smooth functioning of systems. Conducted and delivered results of a comprehensive “single point of failure” analysis to school principal for better assessment of potential risks. Delivered prompt support to 15 classroom teachers providing remote/in-person instruction to grades K-8.
Revived and ensured operationality of 15 unused Windows 7/Chrome/no system computers and updated 18 other desktop devices to set up 24-position computer room in former school library.
Upgraded various donated laptop computers to Windows 10.
Self-Employed – Tucson, AZ 2018 – 2020
Graduate Student
Completed studies for a secondary teaching credential within Arizona.
Optimized three-sided flash-card program for use as a general flash-card program, including display of images for questions and answers as well as produced an additional bulk flash-card data entry program.
Secured two certifications from UC-Berkley in Blockchain Technologies: Bitcoin and Cryptocurrencies (edX).
Self-employed – Taipei, Taiwan 2009 – 2018
Teacher/Editor
Performed various tasks, including editing and proofreading of English Language instructional books for speaker of Chinese as well as Computer Science research articles for faculty at National Taiwan University. Instructed English language to Taiwanese adults without any charge. Upskilled students to further improve listening, speaking, reading, and writing skills.
Coded and oversaw development of a new bulk flashcard data entry program.
Led modification and extension of an existing two-sided flash-card program with an array of advanced features for optimal usage as three-sided general flash-card program.
Performed in-depth programming of utility and Windows Forms programs (C#) for study of Mandarin Chinese.
Career Note
Computer Science Teacher, Basis North Tucson – Tucson, AZ 2021
Acquired knowledge and operated five different software systems by teachers for efficient student management and performance enhancement. Redesigned and created a one-year course syllabus for 7th grade computer programming course.
Additional Experience
Adjunct Teacher, Self-Employed – Rockville, MD
Managed home network with Windows workstations and servers, including color laser and color inkjet HP printers.
Senior Systems Analyst, Organization of American States – Washington, DC
Upheld concurrent responsibility for all hardware and software selection and installation to support both Web server and team to produce and efficiently manage content. Migrated from an IBM 4341/VM to a Microsoft Windows environment.
Consultant, 40+ of Greater Washington – Washington, DC
Facilitated in assessing foreign country development projects seeking IMF funding by supporting office in Washington, DC in collaboration with staff of financial analysts, while arraigning several trips to London. Structured a robust method to enable each server to act as a backup to other, accepting all company email and further allowing transfer to appropriate office. Gained recognition for resolving complex issue in a timely and efficient manner.
Senior Systems Programmer, Student Loan Marketing Association – Herndon, VA
Supervised portions of the IBM operating system software and collection of IBM and OEM software products.
Vice President’s Staff and Manager MVS Services, Computer Sciences Corporation, Infonet – Beltsville, MD
Steered department of up to 14 systems programmers with full responsibility for all MVS systems on complex varying between one and two mainframes. Upheld responsibility for collection of Assembler programs and exit routines 24/7.
Senior Systems Programmer, Boeing Computer Services-2 – Vienna, VA
Served as senior systems programmer and secured further promotion to manager of MVS Systems Programming Group. Secured multiple performance awards due to exceptional performance.
IBM Mainframe MVS Systems Programmer, Elektrisk Bureau – Asker, Norway
Led configuration of a new IBM 4341 to assume VM workload formerly at Teamco.
IBM Mainframe VM Systems Programmer, K/S Teamco A/S – Oslo, Norway
Operated an IBM 360/50, running VM operating system contractually dedicated to just customer EB.
Senior Systems Programmer IBM MVS, Boeing Computer Services-1 – Vienna, VA
Served as member of MVS systems programming group to facilitate disaster recovery exercises at SunGuard Availability Services. Acquired and established credentials as an assembly language programmer. Applauded for outstanding performance and secured various awards.
Infonet Systems Engineer, GTE Information Systems Europe, Bad Homburg – Germany/Brussels, Belgium
Participated in marketing presentations and provided technical presentations of Intercom within sales department, while addressing and resolving complex queries. Delivered level 2 technical support for the Intercom product across all of Eastern Europe.
Intercom Systems Engineer, GTE/Programming Methods – New York, NY/Woodlawn, MD
Oversaw and participated in Intercom software installation as well as multiple additions and modifications to ensure fulfillment of contractual requirements, meeting an aggressive delivery schedule. Upheld responsibility for the SSA SSADARS system with 4K terminals at country-wide SSA offices.
IBM Systems Programmer, General Telephone of California – Santa Monica, CA
Wrote an assembly language subroutine, callable from COBOL, to read some seven-track paper tape. Performed as lead systems programmer for relocation of entire datacenter to a new facility due to unexpected illness of original lead. Served as primary technical point of contact for staff of COBOL programmers.
Fortran Instructor and Junior IBM Systems Programmer, General Dynamics/Electronics – Rochester, NY
Educated electrical engineer regarding FORTRAN.
Teaching Experience
JCL and Assembler Programming Instructor, University of California at Los Angeles – Los Angeles, CA
Programming and JCL Class, City Colleges of Chicago Rheine-Main Air Base – Frankfurt, West Germany
Assembler Course Instructor, Prince George's Community College – Largo, MD
C++ Courses Instructor, Montgomery College – Rockville, MD
Education & Credentials
Master of Business Administration (MBA) in Information System
University of Maryland – College Park, MD
Master of Arts (MA) in Instructional Systems Development (GPA 4.0)
University of Maryland, Baltimore County – Baltimore, MD
Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Biology
California State University – Northbridge, CA
Certifications
Certificate in Teaching English as a Foreign Language Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE) AZ Secondary Teacher Credential (Biology, Business, CET)
Professional Training
IBM Mainframe z/OS Training (Ongoing) IBM COBOL Review (Ongoing) Cyber Security Training (Ongoing) Refreshed JCL and ISPF Skills (Certified by IBM)
Technical Proficiencies
Windows 7-8 Skype Microsoft Active Directory Adobe Microsoft Windows 10, SharePoint, Teams Microsoft Office Suite, including Outlook, PowerPoint, Excel, Word, Visio, and Access VMWare AWS Azure C, C++, C#, WPF, MVC DHCP, TCP/IP V4 Microsoft Power Apps
Volunteer Experience
Conversational English Practice, Extensive English Editing Experience, all for Taiwan adults
Given 12 donated PCs, created for Woolly Mammoth Theatre Company in Washington DC, one of the most advanced IT facilities of any small theatre across the US (per the general manager)
Interests & Activities
Configured up to eight IBM compatible PC systems, connected on a LAN, while managing all hardware and software. As a consultant to Taylor-Dejongh financial services to the IMF, supported offices in Washington, DC and London, UK, including two Microsoft Exchange Servers configured to back each other up.
Contact this candidate