















































SHIVESH SRIVASTAVA  

Senior Systems Engineer (Infosys Limited) 

Contact No: +917905307714 
E-Mail: beingshivesh@gmail.com 
 
Career Objective  
 
To be well settled in an organization, where my professional experience and abilities can be best 
utilized for growth of my career and the organization. 
 
Professional Summary: 
 

• Have 3 years of total IT experience in the Design, Implementation, Development, analyzing, 

deploying MS SQL Server suite of products with Microsoft Azure Data Lake, Microsoft Azure 

Data Factory,Power BI, Power Pivots ,Business Intelligence in SQL Server Integration 

Services (SSIS) and SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) 

• Have very good exposure in generating Power BI reports and Dashboards 

• Conceptually strong with an innovative and analytical approach to the work with an eye for 

detail. Enriched with the ability to learn new concepts & technology within a short span of 

time. 

• Have experience in analyzing, designing, developing and deploying MS SQL Server suite of 

products with Business Intelligence in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SQL Server 

Analysis Services (SSAS) and SQL Server Reporting Services(SSRS) 

• Strong experience in fixing bugs in existing system and creating ad hoc reports based on user 

requirements 

• Highly motivated Business Intelligence Professional using SQL Server 2008/2012, Microsoft 

Technologies and other technologies over last 3+ years 

• Demonstrated leadership abilities and team work skills as well as the ability to accomplish 

tasks under minimal direction and supervision. 

 

Work Experience: 

• 3 years of IT experience working on MSBI technologies and Power BI 

Well versed with SQL 2012 SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Power BI 

• Effective communication skills and corporate business etiquettes 

• Exposed to Big data technologies like Apache Hadoop, Hive. 

mailto:beingshivesh@gmail.com


 
 
Technical Skills: 

 

Database: SQL SERVER 2016/2014 

Programming: T- SQL, PL\SQL, MDX , DAX 

Operating System: Windows 2008/2010 

ETL Tool: SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Informatica 

OLAP Tool: SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) 

Reporting Tools: Power BI, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) 

Development 
Platform : 

Microsoft Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (TFS) 

 
Projects Summary 
 

Project 1: 

 

Project Name MAST BI 

Client Microsoft 

Role Developer 

Duration  April 2017 to Present 

Environment  Power BI, SSAS Tabular 

Description: Objective of this Project is to develop multiple SSIS packages to load data into 
DataMart and Data warehouses, to be pulled for Multidimensional cubes in SSAS. And then 
measures and dimensions from cubes were used by users for POWER BI dashboards and reports 

Responsibilities: 

• Created multiple SSIS ETL packages (2008/2012) to perform data pull from various data 

sources from downstream team as per Requirement. 

• Developing, configuring, deploying and scheduling the SSIS (ETL) Jobs in SQL Server 

2008/2012 across all environments like DEV, Staging and Production servers. 

• Created Stored Procedures to load data into SSAS tabular Models. 

• Created Power Bi reports on top of SSAS tabular models. 



• Created various measures and developed Dashboards and Reports. 

Project 2: 

 

Project Name GBS 

Client Microsoft 

Role Developer 

Duration  October 2016 to March 2017 

Environment  SSIS, SSRS, SQL Server 

Description: Objective of this Project is to develop multiple SSIS packages to load data into 
DataMart and Data warehouses, to be pulled for Multidimensional cubes in SSAS. And then 
measures and dimensions from cubes were used by users for POWER BI dashboards and reports. 

 

 

 

Responsibilities: 

• Created multiple SSIS ETL packages (2008/2012) to perform data pull from various data 

sources from downstream team as per BR. 

• Developing, configuring, deploying and scheduling the SSIS (ETL) Jobs in SQL Server 

2008/2012 across all environments like DEV, Staging and Production servers. 

• Used transformations like Derived Column, Conditional   Split, and Aggregate, Sort, Merge 

join, Data Conversion, Union, Pivot and Script Task. 

• Developed MDDM Cube using SSAS. 

• Developed dashboards on top of MDDM cube using Power BI and Reporting Template. 

 

Project 2: 

Project Name  GMO Power BI Dashboard 

Client Microsoft 

Role   Developer 

Duration  April 2016 to September 2016 



Environment  Power BI, Power Pivot, Power View, Power Query 
and Microsoft Excel 2013 

 

Description: This Project is to develop a Power BI dashboard requested by Business Client. This 
involves creation of data model from different data sources and development of Power View 
Dashboard on top of it. 

 

Responsibilities: 

• Created a data model in Power Pivot using Microsoft Excel 2013 to perform data pull from 
various data sources like databases and Excel files. 

• Created multiple calculated columns using power queries based on requirements. 

• Developed multiple Views on Excel using Power View and created multiple Slicers, Tiles, 
Filters, Charts and Graphs on each view on this Dashboard. 

• This dashboard helps to calculate the SLA’s for each ticket based on portfolio, application and 
date filters. 

• Delivered technical and domain related KT’s on this dashboard to entire team members. 

 

 

 

Project 3: 

 

Project Name  Ask me tabular 

Client Microsoft 

Role   Developer 

Duration  Nov 2014 to Mar 2015 

Environment  SSAS tabular, SSIS and Microsoft Excel 2013 

 

Description: This Project is to develop tabular models from underlying databases which were 
loaded according to BR and creating measure and KPI over it 

 

Responsibilities: 

• Created data models in SSAS tabular with the help of SP’s in SQL server. 

• Created multiple calculated columns based on requirements. 

• Created multiple measures and KPI’s according to requirement and loaded Excel accordingly. 

• Created SSIS packages for loading new dimensions and fact tables in to the server. 

 



 

 

 

Personal Profile: 

      

  Date of birth                 : 04-05-1991 

  Gender                           : Male 

  Marital status               : Single 

  Nationality                    : Indian 

  Languages Known      : English and Hindi 

  Address:   Shivesh Srivastava s/o Kamlesh Kumar Srivastava, Lucknow (226022), UP 

 
 
Declaration: 
 
               I hereby declare that the above provided information is correct to the best of my knowledge 
and belief. 
 

Shivesh Srivastava  


