














































 

 Core Competencies 
 

 Profile Summary 
DATA MODELLING 

 

CONSULTING 

 

DERIVING INSIGHTS 

 

ALGORITHMIC KNOWLEDGE  

 

USE CASES DEFINATION 

 

AUTOMATION CONSULTING 

 

CLIENT ENGAGEMENT 

 

PRE SALES 

  

 A competent professional with 45 months of total experience (including 26+ 
months as Data scientist and Automation Consultant); presently 

associated with Wipro HOLMESTM, Bengaluru as Data scientist and 
Automation consultant. 

 Insightful understanding & exposure of various machine learning 

algorithms. Namely Regression, Clustering, Classification &NLP to 
name some of them and bring out customer delight and profit. 

 Experience in Data modelling , Automation consulting , pre sales 
activities and client engagement 

 Capabilities in Decision science to understand, interpret and willingness to 
provide alternate and cost efficient solutions to business.  

 A crisp and keen communicator with excellent interpersonal skills, problem 

solving, analytical skills and attitude to solve problems. 

 

 Timeline 

  Skills 
 

 R & Python 
 Qlikview,Tableau 

 MS Office (Excel, Word, & 

PowerPoint) 
 

 

 Education 
 

 PGPM (Analytics & Operations) from Great Lakes Institute of Management, Chennai in 2016 with 3.11 GPA 
 B. Tech (IT) from NIST, Berhampur in 2011 with 7. 1 GPA 
 S.S.C from DAV Public School, Pokhariput, Bhubaneswar in 2006 with 76.6% 
 HSC from DAV Public School, Pokhariput, Bhubaneswar in 2005 with 84.8% 

 
 
 

Other Course/Certification: 
 Completed ITIL Certification in 2012 

 Machine learning A-Z from Wipro-Udemy 

 Python for data science from Wipro-Udemy 

HITESH NAYAK 
Targeting for challenging assignments in Data science, Machine learning 

and Automation consulting with an organization of high repute 
 

Location Preference: Bangalore  

 Hitesh.nest0@gmail.com    +91-9176249658 

 

Capgemini, Mumbai as 
SSE 

PGPM (Analytics & 
Operations) from Great 

Lakes Institute of 
Management, Chennai 

Wipro HOLMESTM, 
Bengaluru as Data 

scientist and Automation 
consultant 

2011 – 2014  

 
2015 – 2016 

 

2016 – Present  



 
 

 Work Experience  
 

Jun’ 16 – Present with Wipro HOLMESTM as Data scientist and Automation consultant 
 

Key Result Areas: 

 Built a framework to analyse ticket data (ITSM) and identify pain areas using NLP (Natural language Processing) and 
Qlikview. Which eventually helped our team to position the automation bots to solution client’s problem. 

 Made Credit risk model for one leading bank to analyse the attributes to grant loans and decrease the credit risk, using 
Decision tree, Random forest. (Tools used – R and Python). Presented it to higher management to find out significant result. 

 Developed a marketing mix model for a retail company, and presented it to client to provide deeper insights. ( Using 
market mix algorithm, tools- R) 

 Made a demand forecast model for a manufacturing client and specified areas of focus. (Algorithms – Regression, Tools 

used R, python and power BI) 
 Developed one upsell model for after sales program execution for one Leading OEM. The results was estimated to provide 

a profit of 0.9 M $.( Algorithm – Clustering , tools – R, Python) 
 Employee and Company affinity detection. 

 Recommender System for a retail customer 

Highlights: 
 Won accolades from CTO, VP – Manufacturing   

 Won Wipro wide data analytics competition – Datathon 
Oct’ 11 – Apr’ 14 with Capgemini, Mumbai as Senior software Engineer  
 

Key Result Areas: 

 Worked for three projects as SAP-Basis/Security Consultant 

 Alongside worked with exploratory Analytics to identify trends of ticket data and projected it to higher management. 
 Learnt statistics and implemented it to see our everyday deviation and point of impacts.  

 Statistics and Analytics eventually helped me to make up SOD (Segregation of Duties) which was projected to the 
client and rolled out to 121 end users. 

 

Highlights: 

 Got Cash prize from the client for the implementation of SOD (Segregation of duties) successfully. 

 Live / Academic Projects 
 

 Empirical Research Project: Impact of 3PL (Third party logistics) on Indian companies. 

 Market Research Project: Perception of people on Greatlakes institute of management(Market research , using R ) 
 Comprehensive Analysis of the AI tools and their capabilities by companies in Indian landscape  

 

 

 Extracurricular Activities 
 Ran a data camp for Wipro employees who are willing to learn my approach on model building.  
 Merit of setting up Village Resource Centre as part of Karma yoga Program of Great Lakes 

 Trained dancer( Jazz form) 
 Received Governors award from Bharat Scout and Guide 

 Sports captain of school 
 

 Personal Details 
 

Date of Birth: 29/06/1989 
Languages Known: English, Hindi, Odia,Telegu 

Address: Sujana apartment 1, Magnolia Enclave road, electronic city Phase-1, 560100. 
 


