Jay D. Hayman
**** ***** *****
Friendswood, Texas 77546
ad00pl@r.postjobfree.com
(832) 538 - 8110

Profile SAFETY CONSCIOUS OPERATOR AND TECHNICAL WRITER with broad-ranging experience in the operation of pumps, rotating equipment, tank transfers, loading of tank cars and tank trucks, and issuing of work permits including confined space entry, hot work, and excavation. Also experienced in initiating and maintaining An MOC program. Committed to the highest standards of quality and professionalism. Conscientious and cooperative, Communicates effectively with supervisors
Experience Highlights

10/19- Present Garland Truck and Trailer Inspection Houston, Texas

State Commercial Vehicle Inspector

Performing DOT inspections on various commercial vehicles
Entering data into the state computer
Responsible for all client billing daily

03/12- 09/19 Seal Tech Channel View, Texas

Technician/Tech Writer
Involved in initiating the Management of Change process
Authored operating procedures for technicians
Completing first and second attempts within the Lyondell Basell facility.
Responsible for daily repairs on valves, flanges, plugs, and other related piping/plant equipment
Maintains mechanical integrity of all tools and related supplies on the truck, as well as maintains a safe/clean work environment.
Completing JSA's and Behavior-based Observations.

07/11- 3/12 Siemens Water Technologies Texas City, Texas

Operations Technician
Authored several operating procedures for operators
Instrumental in beginning the MOC process
Operating 5 large capacity water clarifiers, 6 banks of 24 X 96 array Reverse Osmosis filtration system, and all related equipment.
Responsible for daily analytical sampling on all related equipment
Maintains mechanical integrity of all pumps, filters, and storage tanks, as well as a safe/clean work environment.
Daily involvement with work permitting, using operating procedures, and solely responsible for the safe operation of the entire water treatment unit.

11/07- 07/11 Compliance Assurance Associates (CAA) Friendswood, Texas

Technical Writer
Responsible for authoring and editing Safety Training Manuals for Murphy Oil, USA
including On-site personal training, Emergency Response, and site-specific safe work practices.
Wrote Standard Operating Procedures for the Utilities department at Murphy Oil, USA
to include operations, maintenance, and emergency response.
Also prepared some Process, Instrument, and Electrical Drawings

2/98 – 10/07 DOW Chemical Texas City, Texas
Formerly Union Carbide

Operator, Loader, Field Pumper, Safety, Technical Writer
Bulk container transfer experience
Blending amine mixes and Aircraft Deicer for shipping
Loaded, unloaded, sampled, and gauged tank trucks and railcars
of many different products including acids, amines, and aldehydes.
Authored, initiated, and maintained operating procedures throughout the pumping department.
Issuing of Safe Work Permits including confined space entry, hot work, excavation, and critical lift permits.
Extensive computer software skills with the necessary tools to complete jobs safely and efficiently.
Completed operator training class through the College of the Mainland

10/90 – 2/97 Basis Petroleum Houston, Texas
Formerly Phibro, Formerly Hill Petroleum

Operator, Laboratory Technician
Operated 300 lb. and 400 lb. boilers to generate steam for the refinery
Responsible for feedwater supply
Monitored chemical tanks and maintained acid and caustic levels.
Monitored gauges and controllers in the control room.
Ensured continuous operation of the unit in the event of power failure
Interfaced with all units to ensure a sufficient supply of steam throughout the refinery.
Completed intensive formal operating training course
Worked 8 and 12-hour rotating shifts
Utilized hydrometers, centrifuge, and other lab equipment
Performed tests that included distillation, flashpoints, freezepoints, viscosity, etc.

04/87 - 09/90 Zapata Exploration Houston, Texas

Operator, Maintenance Offshore (Gulf of Mexico)
Operated oil, gas, and water separators on a gas production platform
Responsible for treatment processes
Prepared daily production reports
Acquired and analyzed daily condensate and water samples

Education Pasadena High School Pasadena, Texas
Graduate, 1986
College of the Mainland Texas City, Texas
P-Tech Occupational Safety 1999
P-Tech Equipment 1 2000
P-Tech Advanced Troubleshooting 2001

REFERENCES AVAILABLE ON REQUEST
Contact this candidate