Jacob P. Sartz
** ****** ****
Amesbury, Massachusetts 01913
ad01us@r.postjobfree.com • 508-***-****

Qualifications Profile- Technical Writer, Knowledge Engineer, Documentation Manager, Document Controller
Versatile Technical Writer/Knowledge Engineer, Documentation Manager, Technical Trainer, Document Controller leveraging over 30 years of experience synergizing technical knowledge and research to produce effective, audience-focused written communications. Documentation Subject Matter Expert (DSME) with extensive experience writing Training Materials for Field Service Engineers, Proposals, Standard Operating Procedures (SOP’s), Operator Guides, Repair Manuals, Safety Documentation, Marketing Communications Literature and more!
Expert at documenting complex Integrated Systems, skillfully blending Hardware and Software documents into Reader Friendly, easy-to-understand and easy to control doc sets.
Diverse experience in Aerospace, Medical Device, Semiconductor, Commercial Computer and other Factory Automation platforms.
Extensive experience with creating Training Guides, Graphics and other Training Materials for Field Service Engineers.
Documented Training Material Requirements for use in Technical and Sales Proposals.
Taught Engineers and Technicians best documentation practices.
Taught Company personnel how to use the new Documentation Template I developed and introduced (Medtronic).
Aerospace military systems including radar, thermal imaging, missile test, satellite communications systems, tank automotive systems, portable communications shelters, and portable air traffic control systems. Airport security systems including baggage scanners, personnel scanners, cargo truck and gantry systems.
Applied machine learning techniques to “teach” a machine how to place a chip on its substrate.
Familiar with Robots used for factory automation applications, including automated forklifts and robot “racetracks” where products are moved from receiving to assembly or storage areas.
Extensive experience in working with diverse factory automation hardware platforms including semi-conductor furnace, storage device “chip” test systems, ion-implanters, and annealing systems, plastic extrusion systems and catheter welding systems.
Expert in designing documentation architecture and in troubleshooting documentation problems.
Expert in documenting all phases of hardware and software product lifecycles.
Extensive experience with doc control systems such as Agile, SAP, Team Center and Veeva Vault (working knowledge).
Over 25 years of FrameMaker experience- starting with Version 5.5.
Highly skilled at working with complex electrical and mechanical systems and their software interfaces.
Extensive experience in FDA regulated environments and preparing documents for FDA Audits.
Can work on-site or remotely, using video-conference software including Zoom and Skype.
Fully COVID vaccinated and boostered.
Excellent collaboration with Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) to develop clear, concise documents including standard operating procedures, help documentation, service manuals, software user guides, system support proposals, document templates, training video storyboards, and in-house style guides for military and civilian contractors and the medical sector.
Experience transforming complex technical concepts into clear, concise, language in adherence to technical publishing best practices.
Adept at collaborating with a team of writers to write, edit, revise, and manage projects from concept-to-completion, fulfilling all deadlines and agreed deliverables.
Graphics SME who can create, edit and manage photos and illustrations to illustrate complex technical concepts.
Ability to tailor documents to stringent content and format requirements, including in-house style and branding.
Extensive experience in using manufacturing documentation including Bills of Material, (BOMs), Lot History Records (LHRs) and other Engineering source documents and in editing batch records.
Exceptional software literacy, including Adobe FrameMaker, MS Office Suite, Adobe Photoshop, Acrobat Professional, Commercial Off the Shelf (COTS) software, Document System Management System (DMS), Paint Shop Pro, Visio, Oracle, SAP, CADIM, ADP Taxware, HTML, Manufacturing Execution Software (MES), SGML, RoboHelp, Lotus Notes, MadCap Flare, Zoom, Skype, Documentum, and Teamcenter and Agile PLM.
Educational Background

Master of Science in Science Communications
BOSTON UNIVERSITY --- Boston, MA 6/1974

Bachelor of Arts in English
NORWICH UNIVERSITY --- Northfield, VT 6/1966
Professional Experience
Elbit USA/KMC- Merrimack, N.H.
Senior Technical Writer/Methods Specialist, 3/2022 – 5/2023

Managed 100 volume doc set and performed manufacturing methods analysis projects.
In my role as the technical writer and methods specialist, I reviewed existing work instructions and wrote new procedures when equipment was modified or added to production cells. I was responsible for researching, writing, and updating a 100 volume Quality Management System (QMS) documentation set. In my role as the methods specialist, I always tried to find ways to improve the manufacturing process and its documentation. For example, my analysis helped Receiving/Inspection reduce the number of mis-handled shipments by one-third. And working closely with the MES development team, we were able to help other departments prepare for its deployment in their areas. So, I was able to support my boss, the Manufacturing Engineering Manager, with both technical writing and problem analysis skills.

Teradyne, Inc.- North Reading, MA
Senior Technical Writer, 7/2021- 1/2022
Photo-documented radical new Halos chip testing system

In my role as a Senior Technical Writer, I was part of the Product Support Group (PSG) documentation organization. I wrote, edited, and photographed the new state-of- the art HALOS high-speed semiconductor device (“chip”) tester from its arrival on the freight dock to system testing. HALOS is a very sophisticated, complex device which provided many challenges which I met by photographing and documenting nearly every stage of system assembly. Other projects included documenting HALOS safety systems and component repair. Mentored less-experienced Technical Writers with their projects.

Potawatomi Training, Williamsburg, VA
Quality Control Documentation Specialist, 1-/2021 – 5/2021

In my role as the QC Documentation Specialist (technical writer/editor) I was part of a team tasked with producing interactive military language videos for the Army’s Defense Learning Institute (DLI). I edited and wrote storyboards and advised best typographical practices for the templates that framed the storyboards.

Lonza Pharmaceuticals, Portsmouth, NH
Contract Technical Writer, 4/2020 – 5/2020

As part of a research/documentation team, my primary responsibility was to edit batch records for mammalian-cell products used in drug manufacturing, primarily for other international pharmaceutical companies. I verified that the records were complete and that they met Lonza’s stringent quality control standards. I liaised with Engineers, Scientists, and other stake holders to make sure that the batch records were accurate. I ensured that all stake-holder comments were incorporated in the records and that their versioning was correct.

MEDTRONIC, Danvers, MA
Senior Technical Writer, 4/2015 – 4/2019
Wrote operational procedures for complex electro-mechanical plastic extrusion systems and their software interfaces Translated highly technical concepts from Medtronic’s heart-related medical devices into usable documents for both clients and internal staff. Collaborated closely with engineers and staff to develop a consistent branding and writing style. Led the process of research, writing, design, format, editing, and proofreading for complex manuals.
Decreased document cycle time by two-thirds, including time to initial draft and revision.
Assisted with Medtronic adherence to Federal Drug Administration (FDA) requirements by developing clear and compliant procedures.
Streamlined the in-house writing/editing process and ensured consistent branding by developing templates for procedures, methods, and instructions.
Taught Engineers and other personnel how to use the documentation template which I created to create Work Instructions, Problem Reports, and other documents.

ATRIUM MEDICAL DEVICES, Hudson, NH
Consulting Technical Writer, 9/2013 – 10/2014

Partnered with Atrium’s Engineering, Manufacturing, and Quality Control Departments to write documents including standard operating procedures (SOPs), manufacturing procedures, and instructional manuals with a team of five (5) technical writers.

Prepared Atrium for a 2014 review of manufacturing operations and documentation, ensuring that all documentation met stringent FDA content and format requirements.
Implemented an Agile document development process to manage revisions, deadlines, and content for reuse. Collaborated with the Supplier Quality Engineering team to produce quality control, risk analysis, and parts qualifications content.

GENERAL TECHNOLOGY, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (GTAT), Merrimack, NH
Contract Technical Writer, 11/2012 – 2/2013
Developed, wrote, and revised furnace installation and operation manuals, leveraging Mad Cap Flare to design and manage the project. Used highly technical source material and created clear, concise documentation that included necessary assembly instructions, system safety information, and instructions for operation and continual maintenance of the furnace. Displayed audience awareness as the manuals were intended for both internal use and customer use.
Increased company productivity by allowing the company to assemble the furnace in less than eight (8) hours by following the steps in the installation manual.
Wrote the GT_SiC Sublimation Furnace Installation Manual and Operation Manual, managing the project deadlines, revision, and creation of graphics for the manual.

CRANE AEROSPACE and ELECTRONICS, Beverly, MA

Contract Technical Writer, 4/2011 – 11/2011

Created a systems maintenance manual by interviewing subject matter experts (SMEs), conducting extensive research, and focusing the manual on the needs of support personnel. Researched, wrote, and created graphics for the manual with involvement in each step of the process, including script writing for training videos.
Reduced test procedure time significantly and improved customer satisfaction by providing a clear and efficient process for customers to replace an amplifier in the system in under one hour.
Authored the L-Band Switch Matrix Communications System Maintenance Manual.

Wyeth Pharmaceuticals, Andover, MA

Contract Technical Writer 7/8 -2006
Wrote and edited internal specification and requirement documents for use in development of a new pharmaceutical facility. Performed documentation reviews of finalized drafts to ensure the accuracy of specification documents. Performed research into medical-grade procedures and components to ensure competency and thoroughness of documentation.
Used manufacturing documentation best practices to direct to produce equipment lists and system validation documents for engineers and technicians.
Ensured that company assembly and maintenance documents met stringent drug-production specifications.

Additional experience as Senior/Consulting Technical Writer for:
ADP Taxware – Wrote a Tax Holiday User’s Manual.
Activeshock Systems- Wrote operations and maintenance manuals for military truck suspension systems.
BTU Engineering- Managed a group of two (2) technical writers and a secretary. Wrote Operation and Maintenance Manuals for heat annealing and semiconductor furnaces. Prepared Sales Proposals.
CSPI – Wrote documentation for submarine system micro-electronics.
CommerceTV – Documented prototype shop from home TV system.
Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC)- Wrote sales and marketing communications documents including Information Sheets and Brochures and Proposals for computer hardware and software systems. Supported trade shows.
Gillette – Documented molding configurations for a new family of razors.
Honeywell – Wrote Operations, Installation and Maintenance Manuals for commercial computer equipment including mainframes and peripherals.
Inforex- Managed two (technical writers). Wrote Operations and Installation Manuals for IBM data entry systems.
Lilliputian Systems – Wrote Operations and Installation Manual for portable cell phone charging systems.
L-3 Security & Detection Systems – Wrote Installation, Operations, and Maintenance Manuals and Proposals for cargo screeners (trucks and gantries), baggage scanners, and people scanners.
RCA Commercial and Military Divisions- Wrote Installation and Maintenance Manuals for commercial computers. Wrote Operations, Installation, Maintenance Manuals and Proposals for tank-automotive systems, navy radar systems (AEGIS), portable air traffic controller systems and missile test systems.
Sanders Associates/BAE -Wrote electronic countermeasures warfare and Navy sonobuoy systems.
Sensormatic- Wrote Installation, Operations and Maintenance Manuals for RFID theft detection systems.
Varian Semiconductor- Wrote Installation, Operation and Maintenance procedures for semi-conductor systems including ion transmitters.
Contact this candidate