SUMMARY
Extensive relevant skill sets as a Technical Writer, Configuration Management, and Documentation Specialist in four highly regulated environments within the Medical Device, Environmental, Software, and Aerospace Industries.
Skills Sets:
Technical Writer:
Over 10 years of technical writing experience of complex systems, specialization in creating, editing, and managing multiple types of technical documentation, including user instructions, maintenance guides, and service manuals. Collaborate with engineers, product managers, and stakeholders to comprehend the technical products and services they are documenting.
Configuration Management:
The identification and tracking of drawings, hardware, software, and documents. Baselines for new products, revision control, planning, audits, integrity, and consistency of object supporting release into respective markets. The migration and integration of new objects, BOMS, change request (Windchill), CAPAs, training, and audit and reporting status. Process improvement, identification, root cause, optimization, and maintenance.
EXPERIENCE
Abbott Laboratories (Medical Device) Contract Documentation Specialist (Sylmar CA Remote), October 2021 - July 2023
Configuration management for the maintenance and integration of products into Windchill Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) for the release of products into domestic and international markets. Use of SharePoint for tasks and file management.
Training of team members with Windchill PLM and support to end users.
Process improvement monitoring, creation of metrics to Identify opportunities, measuring the performance of existing Windchill processes. Recommendations for identification of inefficiencies proposing optimization.
Boston Scientific (Medical Device, R&D) - Contract Sr. Technical Writer (Valencia CA) October 2016–June 2020
Analysis and review of complex drawings, raw materials, assembly, and test protocols for the creation and sustainment of multiple types of documentation technical content and recertification submission to FDA. Product line included pain management and Parkinson's tremor monitoring.
Product integration and configuration management or parts, BOM structuring of objects into Windchill PLM of acquired company for the release into the domestic market.
Assisting and training fellow team members in Windchill PLM system.

Amgen - Contract Specialist Technical Writer (Thousand Oaks CA/Remote) - Jan 2019 - Apr 2019
Created SOPs, document revision, and revision control of documents processing new employee training requirements into the incoming organization.
Aquafine Corporation (Environmental) - Contract Technical Writer (Valencia CA), Feb 2014 – Jul 2016
Aquafine provided ultraviolet (UV) solutions for TOC reduction, chlorine, and chloramines destruction, ozone destruction, and disinfection.
Analysis and review of complex drawings, raw materials, assembly, test protocols for the creation, sustainment, and configuration management of multiple types of documentation technical content.
Creation of templates and formats for all technical documents.
Use of SolidWorks Enterprise PDM (Product Data Management), SolidWorks/eDrawing viewers, and Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems for Bill of Material (BOM) requirements.
Managed Make/Buy request for the purchase of translated manuals to conform to CE specifications
Regulatory compliance of safety labels applicable to product safety.
Assist manufacturing personnel in ensuring product compliance, creation, and validation of testing protocols (critical product safety maintenance) using process improvement, including Kaizen, Six Sigma, TQM, and other quality systems with verifiable improvement in cycle time
Customer Service role experience comprising of addressing customer inquiries, complaints, and billing questions. Calm discontent callers, locate resources for problem resolution, and design best-option solutions for a positive outcome.
Katmai Support Services (Los Angeles CA) - Documentation Specialist/Configuration Manager Oct 2002 - Aug 2013
Katmai Government Services provided software development for the Command and Control System supporting the United States Marine Corps (USMC) and United States Air Force (USAF).
Analysis and review of complex, test protocols for the creation and sustainment of multiple types of documentation to include online content of technical software for tactical data link communications, surveillance processing, weapons control, air traffic control, and electronic warfare operations meeting Military Standard (MIL-Std) and Statement of Work (SOW) compliance. Development of configuration management of the documentation system. Control Change Board (CB) of proposed enhancements.
Prepare and presentations of task status to our client during In-Process Review my areas of responsibilities and managed compliance with the Statement of Work. Reporting and tracking delivery to the customer.
Assist Program Manager in the preparation of Monthly Status Report, proposal requirement for technical documentation, and responsible for distribution to the Program Office and authorized points of distribution.
Software Engineering Process Group (SEPG) Process Improvement Team
Boeing Aviation and Aerospace
Senior Technical Writer: Analysis and review of complex drawings, assembly, test protocols for the creation, sustainment, and configuration management of multiple types of documentation technical content.
Senior Flight Test Technician: Maintenance and enhancement of multi-aircraft platforms.
Contact this candidate