ROBERT DESMARAIS
Haltom City, TX ***** 682-***-**** ad08fa@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/robert-desmarais-a3b7b35/

PROJECT MANAGER SENIOR TECHNICAL WRITER
Experienced Project Manager and Senior Technical Writer with a proven track record in process control and documentation. Excelled in various roles from managing projects to writing technical documents that meet ISO standards. Collaborated closely with Senior and Customer management and engineering teams to meet customer requirements and special requests. Background includes maintenance, and creation of Standard Operating Procedure documents and the development of high-level process flow presentations for Senior management. Demonstrated history of working in logistics, distribution and supply chain industry on projects related to process improvements. Strong operations professional skilled in warehouse operations, Microsoft Excel, customer service, and logistics.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Microsoft Word Project Excel PowerPoint Outlook Visio Kronos WM+ RMx WMx Clarizen
Six Sigma Green Belt Code of Federal Regulations (49 CFR, Parts 100-185) Hazardous Materials

EXPERIENCE
XPO / GXO LOGISTICS 2019 - 2023
Project Manager
Managed Special projects per customer and Senior Management requests including Labor, billing, equipment.
Participated in continuous improvement activities as part of site management team to follow company policies.
Worked with Industrial Engineering and Maintenance, utilizing Lean Six Sigma principles to improve processes.
Tested warehouse management system to ensure functions work properly.
Observed processes and establishes or adjusts processes that fail to meet standards.
Recommended changes in conditions, environment, or equipment to increase the efficiency of employees.
Trained associates according to SOPs and perform observations as needed.
Managed the Safety team during the Covid epidemic, including instituting safety controls.
Conducted weekly and monthly safety and warehouse audits in search of process improvements.
Worked with the customer on product quality.

ASSURANT 2016 - 2019
Technical Writer
Produced training guides and Systematic Works Instructions and illustrations.
Assisted in developing programs to improve training and motivate personnel for increased effectiveness.
Made recommendations to the Operations Manager on programs to improve warehouse operations.
Ensured equipment is utilized in the most efficient manner.
Maintained a professional and courteous relationship with Senior Management and Engineering.

NEW BREED LOGISTIC / XPO SUPPLY CHAIN 2008 - 2016
Technical Writer
Worked with Industrial Engineering group, to produce training guides that include systematic instructions, and illustrations utilizing Lean Six Sigma principles. Made recommendations on process flow and efficiency
Wrote documentation for ISO 9001, ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001, TL9000 certified organizations.
Created and maintained process flows for engineering and Senior management.
Assigned work to 6 technical writers with weekly updates to management team on status of projects.
Trained warehouse and supervisory personnel on process changes.
Entrusted with decommissioning of 3 buildings completing project early and within budget.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Business Administration Management, BBAM
North Wood University
Contact this candidate