*
Yaacov Garber
El’azar,
Gush Etzion *****
054-*******
ad0a1b@r.postjobfree.com
Work Experience:
**** -
present
Sr. Technical Writer & QA, DDS, Jerusalem
DDS develops access control systems for commercial enterprises. Responsibilities include creating and updating User documentation, online Help, and creating the initial style guide for the technical writing department.
Additionally, I write automated UI tests (C# code in Appium) and perform manual product QA on the user interface.
2008 – 2014 Sr. Freelance Technical Writer, Documentation Outsourcing, Jerusalem
Responsibilities include creating and updating complex documentation for various companies and convert documents to online Help. The position involves writing new material, interviewing developers to determine and create documentation structure and content based on a predetermined reader profile. In addition, my responsibilities included mentoring junior writers and overseeing their projects via review, edit and troubleshooting. 2007 - 2008 Sr. Technical Writer, Starhome, Raanana Starthome develops large network software for the mobile telecom industry.
Responsibilities include creating and updating User Guides and User Manuals, reviewing/editing documents created by other writers, converting documentation to online Help, and creating the initial style guide for the technical writing department. In addition, the nature of the work included some QA of the services being documented.
2006 - 2007 Sr. Technical Writer, Sun Microsystems, Herzelia Pituach Sun Microsystems sold computers/servers, computer components, computer software, information technology services and developed thin client computing, and virtualized computing.
Responsibilities included documentation planning, creating, and updating Developer’s Guide, Readme and reviewing of other documents in project. 2004 - 2006 Sr. Technical Writer, Unicorn Solutions, Jerusalem Technology Park Unicorn Solutions uses ontology technology to create virtual data warehouses for enterprise networks that work with big data. Responsibilities included documentation planning and management, creating and updating online Help, print documentation, functional and GUI QA testing.
2
2003 - 2004 Sr. Technical Writer, Kinor Technologies, Har Hotzvim Unicorn Solutions used ontology technology to provide data accessibility to big data across large networks using a semantic engine to create and exploit data relationships.
Responsibilities included documentation planning and management, creating product manuals and user guides, online Help, CBTs, updating documentation, software instructor, functional and GUI QA testing, and documentation.
1999 - 2002 Sr. Technical Writer, E&C Medical Intelligence, Har Hotzvim E&C Medical Intelligence specializes in risk reduction and clinical quality improvement in Obstetrics via an intelligent charting system. Responsibilities included documentation management and control, creating manuals, release notes, training material, project proposals, updating documentation, specification manager, creating graphics, and troubleshooter.
1998 – 1999
2002 - 2003
Technical Writer, OMAT Control Technologies, Givat Shaul OMAT Control Technologies uses its unique algorithms to optimize CNC machining.
Responsibilities included documentation management, creating product manuals and user guides, updating product manuals and user guides, software instructor and troubleshooter.
1995 - 1998 Technical Writer, Magic Software Enterprises, Or-Yehuda Magic has a Rapid Application Development tool that empowers customers and partners with smarter technology that provides a multi- channel user experience of enterprise logic and data across their global network.
Responsibilities included documentation, updating product manuals, creating graphics, and evaluating and maintaining software for the Technical Communications department.
Education:
Technical Writing:
1994 YEDA School of Business and Technology, Tel-Aviv An intensive course in technical writing with emphasis on writing skills, computer hardware and software, communication technology and desktop publishing.
Programming:
1993 - 1994 COPE Institute, New York
An intensive course in computer programming with emphasis on practical business application. Course of study:
C / UNIX
SQL
ORACLE
C++
3
Computer Graphics:
1994 ECHAD LECHAD School of Computer Graphics, Tel-Aviv The creating and application of computer graphics on a Macintosh computer system. Course of study:
FreeHand / Macintosh
PhotoShop / Macintosh
1983 - 1986 PRATT Institute, New York
Degree in Illustration with business management courses. Skill Set:
I am an experienced user of the following applications:
Windows HTML
Microsoft Office tools CorelDraw suite
Adobe FrameMaker Adobe Photoshop
Robo Help C# Appium
MadCap Flare Adobe Acrobat
Camtasia Various utilities for DTP, Web Design,, Graphics
Personal Details:
Date of Birth: 5/10/64
Marital Status: Married
Place of Birth: New York
University: Pratt Institute, New York
Military Service: Completed military service in the I.D.F. Completed reserve duty
References available upon request
Contact this candidate