Khdeejah “KJ” Hughes
ad0dhw@r.postjobfree.com 973-***-**** https://www.linkedin.com/in/khdeejah-hughes-5404081a1 SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Proficient in spreadsheet software, such as Microsoft Excel
Proficient in use of document editing software, such as Adobe Acrobat
Adept at acquiring new skills and managing stress in challenging environments
Skilled at managing and inputting large quantities of data
Adept at project management
TECHNICAL/LAB SKILLS
Intangibles: Team Building, Problem Solving, Interpersonal Skills, Time Management, Goal Setting, Adept at Memorization Computer Programs: Proficient: Adobe Acrobat, Microsoft Office Suite Technology/Hardware: Laptop, Desktop, External Hard Drives, Printer/Scanner, Monitors EDUCATION
Norwich University, Northfield, VT Aug 2018 – April 2022 Bachelor of Science in Communications GPA: 3.62
• Dean’s List (3 out of 5 semesters)
• NROTC Scholarship Recipient – awarded for academic achievement, physical fitness, and extracurricular involvement EXPERIENCE
Related Experience:
Guidon Staff Writer, Norwich University 2019-2020
Penned and provided research for 10 articles for the university paper, 4 of which were published, including interviews with the Regimental Commander and the incoming university president, Col. Mark C. Anarumo, USAF, (Ret). Used experience with document-editing software during time as writer.
Cadet Administrative Officer, Naval ROTC, Norwich University 2021-2022 Managed administrative data in spreadsheets for over 200 Navy Midshipman. Created calendars for flag details and supervised members of the detail to ensure the National flag was raised and lowered in timely manner. Television Production/Documentary Television Production 2018-2022 Produced documentary in traditional interview format. Learned how to skillfully utilize filming equipment and interviewing techniques, including framing, angles, and storytelling. Learned video editing through Adobe Premiere and possesses ability to apply knowledge to other softwares, such as OpenShot and Adobe Spark. Learned documentary filming techniques. Additional Experience:
Treasurer/President – Intercultural Student Organization, Norwich University 2019-Present Planned and successfully managed events, including an in-person event that followed COVID guidelines and was among one of the few of its kind.
Communications Chair, Hip-Hop Dance Club 2019-Present Communicated events for the club to the campus community and negotiated a performance for the club at the Winter Ball, the first in the club’s history.
PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS
Member – NU Alliance, Officer/Staff – Intercultural Student Organization, NU Hip-Hop Dance Club, NUCC: S1 AOIC
Contact this candidate