Bruce E Grizer

San Diego, California ***** • 858-***-**** • ad0l95@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary
Distinguished Educator, and Technical/Medical Writer, offering 30 years of experience in the Medical and Aerospace Industries. Demonstrated success in providing individual and team leadership that has developed into the fostering of growth, performance, and success within the organization. Highly skilled in conflict resolution that satisfies all parties involved. Highly organized with expertise in critical thinking, situation identification, and problem resolution.

Skills
Micro Soft Office
Power Point
Word
Photo Shop
Excel
Excellent Communication Skills.
Outstanding Eye/Hand Coordination and Dexterity
Self-Motivated/Self Starter
Team Player.
Superior Critical Think/ Problem Solving Skills.

Inspection Devices (INSP)
Check Gauges (CKGA)
Check Templates (CKTP)
Optical Comparator
Feeler Gauge
Pin Gauge
Micrometer
Digital Vernier Calipers

Work History
Hi Tech Honeycomb – San Diego, CA
Technical Writer, Instructional Design, Talent Acquisition. 02/2016 to 4/2023

Technical Writer. Review, revise, rewrite or create Operation Manuals. (O.M.), Standard Operating Procedures (SOP), and Training Manuals. The area’s included but not limited to:
General Definitions
Non-Conformities
The Traveler
Laser Welding, Operator 1, 2 3, and 4
Chamfer Machining
Sizing Table
Cut Saw
Hand Form
Clean Room
Braze Tape
Ring/Hand Welding
FXR-100 Handheld X-Ray Device
Electrical Discharge Machining (EDM)

Instructional Design: Primary trainer for all Production Floor Positions.
Developed and implemented Introductory Training program for new hires.
Develop and implemented Skills Matrix for each Production Floor position including proficiency written testing.
Conducted all required yearly and Bi-Annual training for all employees.
Developed and implemented Training Programs aligned with ISO 9100 standards.
Constructed testing for perspective employees related to basic mathematical skills utilized in the production of the Honeycomb product created on the Production floor, and Attention to Detail testing aligned with ISO 9100 standards.

Developed and implemented Annual Training Programs aligned with ISO 9100 standards.

Developed and implemented Introductory Training program for new hires.

Develop and implemented Skills Matrix for each Production Floor position and proficiency level.

Talent Acquisition. Primary recruiter for all Production Floor positions utilizing Craigslist, Indeed.com, Manpower, Aerotek, and Hi Tech Honeycomb’s website that is linked to the HR system through ADP.

Sourced applications and resume’s received for Production Floor positions,

Quality Inspector, and Front Office Administrative Assistance.

Conducted initial telephone interview with perspective candidates and independently determined the candidates next step in the hiring process.

Conducted independent interviews with employee candidates, and presented to the Operations Manager: interviewing notes, and test results (see below) of the candidate with my recommendations for approval or denial.

Constructed testing for perspective employees related to basic mathematical skills utilized in the production of the product created on the Production floor, and Attention to Detail testing aligned with ISO 9100 standards.

Hired 57 Production Employees from March 2019-June 2019 increasing the staffing by 61% and had a retention rate of 88% at the end of 3 months, and 85% at the end of 6 months.
Quality Inspector. Assigned to the Laser Welding Department for continuous inspection of the honeycomb product as it is being created.

Responsible for First Article Buy Off of manufactured honeycomb product.
Continuous inspection of honeycomb material during manufacturing inspecting for Non-Conformances.
Utilize “Specifications” to assure product is within tolerance according to customer’s requirements. These “Specifications” include but not limited to:
HTH 2000-7
ISO 9100
Pratt-Whitney, America
Pratt-Whitney, Canada
Rolls Royce
Mitsubishi

Within the first 60 days of assignment to the department produced a 20% decrease in Non-Conformance and rework issues related to the product manufacturing.

Radiation Safety Officer. Developed and instituted radiation safety program that included Federal and State requirements and the training and testing of individuals operating the Thermo Fischer XFR-100 handheld x-ray analytical device.
Chamfer Machine Operator 1. Operated a high-speed device used to cut various degree angled chamfers in accordance with the customer's requirements.
Laser Welding Operator 1. Operated a Class 4 Infrared Laser Welder for the production of the honeycomb product according to customer specifications to a tolerance of 0.003".

Cardiovascular Surgical Nurse Clinician. 11/1986 to 11/2014
Scripps Cardiovascular and Thoracic Surgeon's – La Jolla,
CA

Technical Writing: Produced detailed Invasive Surgical Procedures that are performed by Registered Nurse First Assistant, Physician Assistant, and Nurse Practitioners. These areas include but not limited to:

Open harvesting of the Greater Saphenous Vein.

Open harvesting of the Lesser Saphenous Vein.

Exposure of the Femoral Artery and Vein.

Cannulation of the Femoral Artery and Vein.

Decannulation of the Femoral Artery and Vein.

Surgical repair of Femoral Artery and Vein.

Endoscopic harvesting of the Greater Saphenous Vein.

Open harvesting of the Radial Artery.

Endoscopic harvesting of the Radial Artery.

Open harvesting of the Cephalic/Brachiocelphic Vein.

Primary 1st Assistant on all cardiovascular and thoracic surgeries.
Pre-Operative. Responsible for the medical management and education of the Cardiovascular and Thoracic Surgical patient and significant others.
Post-Operative: Responsible for the medical management and education of the post-operative cardiovascular and/or thoracic patient on the telemetry unit. Collaborated care with consulting physician specialties. Provide post-operative education and training regarding their surgical procedure for the patient and their family members.

Medical Device Development/Research/Evaluation: Participated in the R&D and evaluation of medical devices used in the performance of cardiovascular surgery. The devices include but are not limited to:

Steryon Bipolar Forceps.

Ethicon Endoscopic Vein Harvesting System.

Guident Endoscopic Vein Harvesting System.

Atrium Chest Drainage System.

Medtronic Automatic Implantable Cardio Defibrillator.

Carbomedics ”Top hat” Aortic Valve.

Edwards Life Science “TAVR”.

Talent Acquisition: Sourced and conducted interviews with Registered Nurse First Assistant (RFNA), Nurse Practitioner (NP), Physician Assistant (PA), and Non-US Trained Physician (MD) for the Surgical Practice.

Responsible for Full Cycle employment of RNFA’s, NP’s, and PA’s.

Instructional Design: Conducted formal and informal training in cardiovascular and thoracic surgical anatomy and physiology, surgical techniques, and critical care medical treatment of the post-operative patient.

Adjunct Professor for Point Loma Nazarene School of Nursing instructing Hemodynamic Monitoring/Critical Care Medicine.

Instructor for medical device companies Ethicon, and Guident teaching Endoscopic Vein Harvesting.

EDUCATION
No Degree: Radiation Safety Officer:
Nevada Technical Associates Inc. - San Diego, CA
Certified Radiation Safety Officer
No Degree: Implantable Cardiac Rhythm Devices.
PrepMD - Braintree, Mass
Bachelor of Science: Nursing:
University Of Phoenix San Diego - San Diego, CA
Associate of Science: Registered Nursing:
Aultman Hospital School of Nursing - Canton, OH
Contact this candidate