J. Ian Ridpath

I.Personal Information

Name: Ian Ridpath
Address: ** ******* ****** *. ***** 307, Waterloo, ON N2J 4Z1
Phone: 613-***-****
Email: ad0t4j@r.postjobfree.com

II.Highlights

I have been a technical writer and have worked in product applications support in the electronics, semiconductor, nuclear and RF fields for over 20 years.
I have been a Community College lecturer in Canada (Sheridan College) and New Zealand (Manukau Technical Institute).
I have written and edited technical documents such as product data sheets, application notes, engineering bulletins, test plans, test procedures, type approval documents, operation, and maintenance manuals and more.
I have written articles on health issues, life issues and other general topics.
I have Public Service Enhanced Reliability and Secret clearances.

III.Relevant Employment History

Technical Writer, Content and Article Writer and Web Designer including html5, CSS and SEO optimization
Self Employed - Waterloo, Ontario, Canada - December 2015 to Present

Write technical and general articles.
Design websites using HTML, CSS and JavaScript employing the latest SEO tools.

Technical Writer
Tyne Engineering Inc Burlington, Ontario, Canada - Jun 2013 - Dec 2015 (2 years 6 months)

Tyne Engineering Inc in Burlington, Ontario is a leading supplier of equipment to the Canadian and worldwide Nuclear Generating market. As an externally contracted technical writer to Tyne he accomplished the following:

Wrote, edited, and proofread, dozens of technical documents such as Test Specifications, Test Procedures and Service/Maintenance Manuals for electronic products used in the Nuclear Energy field. Documentation was crucial to assure successful design-ins and to make sure products met the rigid technical requirements of the nuclear generating market.

Assured timely delivery of all documents for review and approval to OPG and AECL authorities.

Community College Lecturer (Canada)
Sheridan College, Davis Campus Brampton, ON - Jul 2010 - Dec 2013 (3 years 5 months)

Taught classroom and lecture-hall lectures to over 600 students in the following subjects,

Fabrication 1 (Power Supply and Logic Board construction and testing)
Electricity 1 (AC and DC Circuit Theory)
Electricity 2 (AC Circuits)
Circuit Devices (Semiconductors)
Practical Circuits (Breadboarding circuits from schematic diagrams)

Was ranked among the top tutors at the college for his entire tenure.
Successfully ran dozens of electronics labs that helped students learn with hands-on experience.
Authored several lab manuals and project construction and user manuals that simplified the student’s project assembly and testing.

Senior Applications Engineer
Gennum Corporation Burlington, Ontario - Sep 1988 - Aug 2009 (21 years)

(Gennum Corporation is now called Semtech Corporation.)
Gennum Corporation was the leading Canadian supplier of high speed Video and Broadcast integrated circuits for the transmission and reception of Serial Digital Signals throughout broadcasting and post-production studios.

Authored dozens of technical documents including Data Sheets, Application Notes and provided superior Applications Support to customers resulting in over 500 successful design-ins of Gennum semiconductor products.
Ensured through rigorous testing that the customer and all applicable industry requirements were met resulting in positioning Gennum as the producer of choice in the Video and Broadcast marketplace.
Attended and successfully led technical teams to over 30 international trade shows.
Managed the authoring and production of technical documentation in collaboration with the Marketing Department to provide the best information to customers.
Created and delivered training sessions on Gennum products and relevant industry standards world-wide.

IV.Education / Certifications/Licenses/Clearances

Ryerson Polytechnical Institute – 3-year Diploma in Electronics Technology
ISSPW/GSC Enhanced Reliability Clearance TAG-HR file 96118635 (12/2017-12/2027)
ISSPW/GSC Secret Security Clearance TAG-HR file 96118635 (01/2018-01/2028)

V.Language Proficiency

English
Contact this candidate