Christopher Seraidaris
Content Designer, Technical Writer, and Content Strategist
ad0t4o@r.postjobfree.com 310-***-**** San Diego, CA LinkedIn: ContentArtisan
Summary
A resourceful content designer/UX writer, technical writer, and content strategist with 20+ years of experience designing and authoring user-focused content, including UI microcopy, interactive how-to documentation, and self-directed E-Learning.
●Develops and delivers quality content—in scope and on time—by effectively applying five core skills: analysis, verbal communication, content design, writing, and project management.
●Designs and writes content syntheized from user, SME, and stakeholder interviews, as well as source documents and data analytics.
●As a User-First advocate, applies Design Thinking methods to solve content design challenges.
●Thrives in a fast-paced environment and learns new technologies quickly.
Subject matter: web and software applications, UI content, policies and procedures, and REST APIs.
Deliverables: web-based and app content, UI microcopy, online help, user manuals, E-Learning courses, tutorials, learning aids, and quick reference guides.
Software Skills
Content Authoring and Publishing: MadCap Flare, Oxygen XML Editor, PTC ArborText XML Editor, Markdown using Notepad++, Atlassian Confluence, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Excel, Adobe Acrobat Pro, Robohelp, FrameMaker, and InDesign, and Google Docs, Slides, and Sheets.
Content Design/UX Writing: Figma (wireframes, design systems, and collaborative UX design), Miro (visual collaboration), Hotjar (user voice and online behavior), and AirTable (user research).
Instructional Design and E-Learning: Articulate Storyline 360 and Rise 360, and Adobe Captivate.
Graphics and Video Editing: Techsmith SnagIt (screen capture & graphics) and Camtasia (video editing), Adobe Premiere Pro (video editing), Photoshop, and Illustrator, Canva Pro (graphics), Microsoft Visio and Lucid LucidCharts (flowcharts).
Project Management: Microsoft Project, Atlassian JIRA, and CA Technologies Rally.
Content Management Microsoft SharePoint, IXIASOFT Component Content Management System (CCMS), and Storyblok (CCMS).
Version Control: Git and Github, Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS), and Perforce.
Work Experience
Cisco Systems, San Jose, CA (Remote) Contract Content Designer May 2023 – October 2023
●Analyzed error messages for two high-profile internal sales consoles built on the Salesforce platform.
●Identifed four error message component types and recommended consolidating these according to Provided documentation consulting services for software companies. * Services included: user needs assessment, information design, content development, and usability assessment.UX best practices.
●Revised all error messages, consistently following a probem/solution structure, and provided a detailed analysis of technical restraints that prevented consolidation of the recommended design components.
Schneider Electric, Lake Forest, CA (Remote) Contract Sr. Technical Writer February 2023 – March 2023
●Used ArborText XML Editor to revise the Triconex Safety Validator user guide, an application that provides software logic validation to protect the safety of chemical industry workers.
●Complied with strict TUV regulatory standards, a detailed Technical Publications style guide, and DITA documentation conventions.
Christopher Seraidaris, Resume – Continued
Capital One, McLean, VA (Remote) Contract Sr. Technical Writer and Editor May 2022 – December 2022
●Used Madcap Flare to author REST API documentation and onboarding content for external partners.
●Recommended updated methods and tools for developing API documentation.
●Authored and edited online help for internal audiences, including data analysts and developers.
Meta/Facebook, Mountain View, CA (Remote) Contract Sr. Technical Writer December 2021 – March 2022
●Authored help content for the Network Insights portal, a site that provides network analysis tools for business partners such as Verizon and AT&T. arbitrary
●Hand-coded portal content using Meta’s proprietary Content Management System (CMS).
SAP, Newport Beach, CA (Remote) Contract Sr. Technical Writer October 2021 – January 2022
●Authored online help, API documentation, and UI text, for the SAP Order Management for Sourcing and Availability application, a cloud-based tool for retail management.
●Developed DITA-compliant content using an integration of Eclipse, Oxygen XML Editor, and IXIASOFT CCMS.
InupiaQ Alaska Group LLC, Palmer, AK (Remote) Contract Sr. Technical Writer June 2021 – September 2021
●Used Madcap Flare to author IETMs for US Navy and Coast Guard onboard computer network systems.
Hologic Inc, San Diego, CA (Hybrid) Contract Sr. Technical Writer April 2021 – June 2021
●Designed and implemented an automated Word-to-Flare content migration solution for the Panther System Troubleshooting Guide.
●Revised field service documentation for the Panther System, a molecular diagnostics instrument used to test for COVID-19 and other infectious diseases.
InupiaQ Alaska Group LLC, Palmer, AK (Remote) Contract Sr. Technical Writer August 2018 – January 2021
●Used Madcap Flare to author IETMs for US Navy and Coast Guard onboard computer network systems.
●Was furloughed on 1/28/2021 due to US Navy stop-work order.
Raytheon Company, San Diego, CA Contract Technical Writer and Editor October 2017 – March 2018
●Reviewed and revised IETMs for US Navy communication systems.
●Used MadCap Flare and ArborText XML Editor as authoring tools.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise (transitioned to DXC Technology), San Diego, CA Contract Instructional Designer and Technical Writer September 2016 – October 2017
●Developed documentation, online help, and interactive training collateral to support the San Diego County Integrated Property Tax System (IPTS), an enterprise web-based application.
●Interviewed SMEs from multiple teams and stakeholders, including SD County staff, HPE business analysts, and Thomson Reuters software analysts.
●Synthesized content from SME interviews, as well as requirements, design, use case documents.
Freelance, San Diego, CA Contract Technical Communication Consultant April 2015 – August 2016
●Provided documentation consulting services for start-up software companies.
●Services included: user needs assessment, information design, content development, and usability assessment. arbitrary
Christopher Seraidaris, Resume – Continued
Sony Network Entertainment International (SNEI), San Diego, CA Sr. Technical Writer October 2008 – March 2015
●Used Madcap Flare to author the Customer Management Tool user guide, the internal web-based application that Sony staff uses to support PlayStation© customers, and used Eclipse to author tooltip microcopy.
●Researched, wrote, and published the first SNEI Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) document.
●Designed and Used Madcap Flare to author Versa, the internal REST API for PlayStation customer profile data.
●Wrote policies and procedures documentation for PCI Compliance, Information Security, Business Intelligence, Database Services, and Information Technology.
●Designed and developed the first SNEI Glossary of Terms and Acronyms online guide, which included text search and hyperlinked cross-references.
Endeavors Technologies, Irvine, CA Contract Sr. Technical Writer September 2007 – October 2008
●Developed user guides, quick start guides, and online help for the company’s flagship suite of virtualization software products.
●Applied single-sourcing methods to deliverables for three groups: end-users, software packaging designers, and network administrators.
Southern California Edison, Rosemead, CA Contract Sr. Technical Writer October 2006 – May 2007
●Wrote procedures documentation for the IT System Operations Group.
● Developed instructions for using enterprise-level systems, including mainframe and distributed-system applications.
Mitsubishi Corporation, Irvine, CA Contract Sr. Technical Writer April 2005 – July 2006
●Wrote and illustrated user manuals and installation guides for computer and display products.
ViewSonic Corporation, Walnut, CA Senior Technical Writer February 1997 – February 2005
●As the lead writer for the Advanced Products Group, developed documentation for new product categories, such as the Pocket PC and the Windows Media Center.
●Designed, wrote, and illustrated user guides, installation guides, and documentation procedures for display, PC, and wireless products.
●Coordinated document translation into 14 languages, and proactively streamlined communication with localization vendors.
●Saved ViewSonic over $1 Million per year by designing and implementing a hybrid CD jacket and installation guide for display products.
Education
●University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) Bachelors of Arts, Sociology
●California State University at Long Beach (LBSU) Certificate in Instructional Design
●Continuing education Content Design/UX Writing, UX Design, Information Architecture, E-learning, and Web Publishing.
Professional Affiliations
●UX Content Collective Participant
●Society for Technical Communication (STC) Senior Member
●The Information Architecture Institute (IAI) Member
Contact this candidate