Stephanie A. Sahadeo
Bowie MD *****
ad163e@r.postjobfree.com
C: 301-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
I am an IT professional, with over 10 years of diverse experience within the area of Information Technology. Expertise includes 10 years of extensive in-depth testing of applications and supporting software applications. Experience also extends to the other end of the spectrum, such as includes application development process (implementation), Technical Writer as well as excellent problem solving and analytical skills. Objective is to enhance and expand current expertise as a software tester.
Education
BS IT/Business Support, University of Phoenix, 2014
CERTIFICATIONS
Automated Test Framework (ATF): ServiceNow (9/28/2023) – Udemy Training
Section 508 Trusted Tester Certification (4/2016) – DHS/ OAST
Certified Scrum Master (5/2013) - ASPE, Inc.
EXPERIENCE DETAILS
Soliel, LLC, Quality Test Engineer 11/2021 – 11/2023
DCSA: National Background Investigation Services (NBIS)
Participated in Agile Team activities, ensured acceptance criteria were clearly testable
Performed various tests on NBIS/ServiceNow Web-based applications, including Regression testing, Functional Testing, Smoke Testing
Created and tested NBIS/ServiceNow applications using the ServiceNow Automated Test Framework (ATF) as needed
Developed and maintained test scripts and data, documents test results, and prepares reports
Performed testing on the Customer Service Management (CSM) component of ServiceNow
Booz Allen Hamilton, Inc., Senior Consultant/Tester 9/2017 – 11/2021
Department of Treasury: Bureau of the Fiscal Service (BFS)
Over-the-Counter Channel (OTCnet)
Built simple and complex data entry forms for a web-based application using Alpaca to conform with field, layout, and data validation requirements.
Deployed forms to a test environment to verify functionality, layout, and field data validations. Deployed forms to production environment and coordinate testing with other team members and agency users. Take ownership of tasks through planning, building, testing, and reporting.
Tested forms along with other testers for new releases in the test environment before deployment to production for the usage of end-users to complete their operational tasks
Modis-TWD and Associates, Inc., 508 Tester/Quality Functional Tester 3/2016 – 4/2017
McLean, VA
Participated in Agile Team activities, ensured acceptance criteria were clearly testable
Performed various tests on DHS applications, including Regression testing, Functional Testing, Smoke Testing
Developed and maintain test data as needed, records of test progress, documents test results, and prepares reports
Interfaced with UI/UX designer and developers to ensure Section 508 standards had been incorporated correctly into software and web applications before deployment to production
Conducted Functional Testing on COTS ServiceNow and various applications for maintenance and updates as needed
Developed test cases for Section 508 Compliance and tested as needed
Developed Section 508 test findings documents deliverables to be incorporated into the application release
Strong initiative to improve processes, tools, methodologies, and overall quality of the test environment
EIS, Inc./USCIS, IT&I Sr. Functional Test Engineers 5/2012 – 3/2016
Washington, DC
Interfaced with users, specialists, analysts, and application developers to obtain background information on the applications/systems being tested
Performed Systems Acceptance Testing (SAT), User Acceptance Testing (UAT), and Interoperability Testing on multiple applications in alignment with the existing USCIS SELC and Agile approaches.
Developed step-by-step manual test cases/procedures, and use cases using the USCIS test tool, Mercury TestDirector and Hewlett Packard’s Quality Center, to effectively test applications/systems
Reviewed existing development use cases for testability and completeness
Generated documents (Test Scope and System Acceptance) for each software application release scheduled for deployment
Documented problems identified during testing for the Test Problem Report (TPR) in the USCIS Serena defect tracking tool
Coordinated with the appropriate project teams to resolve any issues or questions during the testing phase
Provided real-time Daily Status Reports including information regarding release related requirements coverage, TPR, Test Case execution results to inform stakeholders of any issues or defects discovered
Developed and deliver lessons learned and process improvement suggestions to help make the development/testing process more effective
InfoZen, Inc., Technical Writer/Configuration Management 11/2010 - 4/2012
Annapolis Junction, MD
Developed, wrote and edited materials for IT related reports, manuals, briefs, proposals, instructional material, catalogs, technical publications, and software and hardware documentation.
Facilitated change advisory board meetings including Technical Review Board and Change Control Boards across multiply programs
Managed CM Status accounting of changes through the lifecycle process
Pragmatics, Inc. – Test Manager 3/2010 – 11/2010
DHS/TSA Secure Flight Program
Annapolis Junction, MD
Performed Inter-System testing for TSA/DHS Secure Flight Program Deployment Team. Executing XML based technical test cases message transmission to and from the DHS Router using MQSeries queue logic as the middle ware transaction manager.
Performed Inter-System testing of Functional & Non-Functional Requirements based Test Case scenarios for U.S. and International Aircraft Operators. Validating transmitted airline industry Reservation and Departure Control System messages for format, structural, and contents of scenario driven results against the technical acceptance criteria.
In-depth hands on usage of various COTS products (XML Marker, DB2, SQL, Rational Platform, Brokers), and GOTS Graphical User Interface software.
POC for Secure Flight-testing initial Airline Operator testing requirements, providing testing objectives, problem resolution and defect tracking process, QA, and final approval of testing results.
Identified Impact Analysis of new software implementation into the Deployment environment.
Tested environment required interfacing with various platforms and software (z/OS, UNIX, DB2, SQL, RUP, SharePoint, and XML). Test Manager interfacing included interaction with various federal departments IT providers to insure integrity of testing objectives.
Compiled Dashboard trending metrics from Pre-Acceptance (PAT) data transmitted to the DHS testing environment from U.S. and International Airline Operators testing platforms for Project Crystal Report deliverables.
Interface with software developers, Project Managers, and Federal Airline Implementation Managers. Provided ad-hoc team procedural documentation to ensure process standards were captured.
Provided End-to-End coordination and evaluation of initial connectivity, transmission volume integrity between the DHS Router and the Secure Flight Deployment Test environment, Aircraft Operators test bed and the Customs Border Patrol z/OS environment.
CLEARANCES:
Secret Clearance – National Background Investigation System (NBIS) - (2021)
Public Trust Clearance (DHS EOD) – Department of Homeland Security (DHS) - (August 2012)
SUMMARY OF SKILLS, TOOLS, AND TECHNOLOGIES:
Testing Tools: ServiceNow, Automated Test Framework (ATF), Section 508 tools: WAT (Web Accessibility Tool), Inspect & ARIA Markup (2 yrs), JIRA (2yrs), SharePoint (3 yrs), SQL (1 yrs), SQL Developer (3 yrs), Mercury Tools (TestDirector 7.6/8.0, WinRunner) (6 yrs), HP Quality Center (4 yrs), Remedy (2 yrs), Rational (ClearQuest, Oracle Forms and Reports, ClearCase) (3 yrs), Serena (Tracker, Version Manager, and Dimensions (3 yrs), Quick Test Pro (QTP) (2 yrs), Selenium & Eclipse (6 mos),
Testing Methods: Section 508 (2 yrs), Functional (10 yrs), Regression (5 yrs), Waterfall (7 yrs), White-Box (2 yrs), Black Box (2 yrs), Smoke, Unit, Agile (5 yrs), Kanban (5 yrs), Automated (ATF) Testing (2 yrs), Integration (1 yr)
Operating Systems: Windows (7yrs), Unix (3 yrs), IBM (2 yrs), Solaris (2 yrs), MS-DOS (2 yrs)
Contact this candidate