Technical Copywriter
Phone: +923*********
Address: House # 139-E PCSIR College rd, Lahore
Email: ad176t@r.postjobfree.com
Kammil Sarbuland
I am a knowledgeable wordsmith with a unique ability to combine technical perspective and effective written communication techniques to deliver constructive ideas. I'm a reliable and dedicated technical writer with more than three years of experience in the field. I have a distinguished and proven track record of technical manuals, case studies, white papers, Saas products, and complex documents. My skills are excellent editing ability and adjusting content based on feedback endowing a solid history of meeting deadlines and exceeding expectations. EXPERIENCE
InvoZone
Content Engineer
Jun 2023 - Present
Oversees the development, production, and optimization of content for various channels, ensuring consistency with the company’s brand, tone, and messaging.
Manage content projects, including planning, prioritization, and coordination with other teams (e.g., marketing, design, development)
Mentor and support junior content team members, providing guidance, feedback, and opportunities for professional growth. Collaborate with stakeholders to identify content needs, gaps, and opportunities, ensuring alignment with business objectives.
Stay current with industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies in content creation and distribution, applying this knowledge to inform conten strategies and tactics. Stallions Solutions
Technical Writer (Part Time)
Augest 2022 - June 2023
Create and maintain technical Blogs, user manuals, installation guides, and release notes for Microsoft Dynamics 365. Azure, and Power Platform.
Stay up-to-date with the latest trends and developments in Microsoft Technologies and incorporate best practices to understand and explain complex technical concepts in simple words. Revamp the complete website for optimized marketing. Instructor Brandon Dynatuners
Technical Copywriter
August 2021 - May 2023
Ensure that all documentation is written in a clear, concise, and consistent manner, adhering to company writing standards and best practices.
collaborate with respective specialists, development teams, quality control departments, PMs, and UI experts. Develop and maintain documentation and guides for HTML-based software. Research blog-specific processes within the scope of a writing project to develop a higher level of understanding of Microsoft Dynamics 365 Finance & Operations.
Paired written content with relevant CTAs, FAQs, infographics, and fact tables to help increase readability and understanding. Succeeded in earning satisfaction scores of written output in projects for technical blogging easing the use of Microsoft Dynamics 365 Supply Chain.
US Packaging Solutions
Copywriter
July 2020 - August 2021
Learned core SEO skills
Successfully redirected massive traffic from well-reputed sites. Developed Landing pages, Home pages, and Product Pages Hands-on experience with On-Page SEO / Off-Page SEO Programmers Force
Jr. Technical Writer
June 2019 - July 2020
Created using Resumonk - Online Resume Builder
Compilations of off-site blogs to be published on tech-based guest posts and covering a set of topics outlined by an employee time tracking application.
Conveyed clear and easily understandable directions about putting the desktop application together in a series of instruction manuals for a retail client.
completed timely and effective material revisions to clarify details or add last-minute changes when asked by clients. EDUCATION
Forman Christian College, Lahore
BCS (Hons) Computer Science
2014-2019
Forman Christian College, Lahore
Pre-Engineering
2012-2014
SKILLS
Strong ability to break down complicated jargon and technical terms and make it easy for the average person to understand. Excellent editing and composition skills that help me provide high-quality content to clients. Superb reading comprehension skills, which gives me the ability to develop an understanding of new technical concepts. Capable of meeting deadlines and managing more than one project at a time. Active listener and skilled at digesting written or oral instructions from co-workers or clients when putting new projects together.
Created using Resumonk - Online Resume Builder
Contact this candidate