Maureen Blatt
**** ******* *****
Montrose, CO **401
ad1bck@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY –Technical Writer
I specialize in identifying and designing performance solutions. Offering experience with diverse, full-lifecycle, project programs in Marketing, Production, Support, Business Systems Analysis, Database Management, et al. Advisor and consultant to program teams (up to 65 people) regarding IT projects, sales, etc.

Manufacturing Companies
Managed hardware and software programs in the United States, Canada, and Great Britain. Consultant to a group of 65 writers and trainers implementing and delivering all system integration requirements. Managed the technical writing for hardware and software projects in organizational development and manufacturing. Consulted with divisional cross-functional subject matter experts and development teams for sales and service.
Consultant and identified OSHA and Federal requirements for company master projects and programs including Facilities Planning, Manufacturing Processes, Production and Inventory Control, Computer Aided Manufacturing, Contracts, Maintenance, Purchasing, and Industrial Safety.
Identified entity requirements for starting franchise companies for each State, County, City, etc.

Finance Companies
Identified a not previously identified six million dollars (float) addition to assets.
Generated a fifty thousand dollar revenue stream.
Designed materials for operations of financial ATM’s.
Reduced real estate documentation processing time from thirty-one days to twelve hours.
Designed job aids where unskilled workers become proficient the first day on job.

Aviation Companies:
Commercial airlines and private airline developers - Aircraft, DC-10, 727, 707, 720
Designed training for pilots in “ILS”, the Instrument Landing System for the DC-10.
Reduced the FAA mandated “Emergency Training “ time for flight crews, pilots and flight attendants, from 20 hours to 8 hours, saving 500K .
Designed and implemented a forty-hour IT computer assisted interactive call center training program reducing training time from 4 weeks to 1.

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE:
Software: Acrobat, Framemaker, Word 2010, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Publisher, Outlook, Visio, Paint Shop Pro, Photoshop, Windows 7, Vista, XP. Understands Internet, Intranet, Extranet and client/server architectures. Standards and Specifications, ANSI, ISO, MIL SPECS, ARINC. Can read blueprints and schematics,

Applications:
ADDIE (ISD), CRI, TQM, PERT, Gantt, Managing by Objectives, Leadership through Quality, Zero Defects, Six Sigma, Agile, Blended Learning, Captiva, Camtasia Studio 8

EDUCATION AND AWARDS
Loyola Marymount University – Industrial Engineer – Los Angeles, CA
Drakes School of Business – Business Administration – New York, NY
Professional Awards
Received Xerox Corp, merit bonus seven times.

Community Helpline - Present in Colorado

Consult with small businesses, Neighborhood Councils, and the city and state departments to obtain the necessary business approvals. Assist and train businesses in negotiating with the City and State entities, Planning Department, Building Department, etc.

Shainsware – Los Angeles – Consultant – Business Closed
Identifying performance issues reduces the time to create the product. Advised on production strategies reducing distribution timeline, improved policies, and documented procedures, created job aids

Community Helpline –- Los Angeles, CA –
Consult with small businesses, Neighborhood Councils, and the city and state departments to obtain the necessary business approvals. Assist and train businesses in negotiating with the City and State entities, Planning Department, Building Department, etc.

Closets by Design –Los Angels- Business Relocated
Identify OSHA and Federal requirements for master documentation including Facilities Planning, Manufacturing Processes, Production and Inventory Control, Computer Aided Manufacturing, Contracts, Maintenance, Purchasing, Industrial Safety, Quality Assurance, Supervision, and Human Resource Concepts.

Burbank Aeronautical- Burbank, CA –- Business Closed
Technical Training and Technical Publications- Wrote ATA and FAA standard documentation in support of the aircraft engine retrofit. Created CAD programs for engineer training.

Xerox Corporation Los Angeles, CA –Systems Integration
Managed instructional designers who created hardware and software programs used in the United States, Canada, and Great Britain. Supervisor of a group of 65 writers and trainers implementing and delivering all system integration requirements. Managed the technical writing for hardware and software projects in organizational development and manufacturing. Managed divisional cross-functional subject matter experts and development teams for sales and service.
Contact this candidate