James Kallenbrum
610-***-**** ad1f5n@r.postjobfree.com PORTFOLIO PLACEHOLDER
Professional Skills:
● Microsoft Office - Word, PowerPoint
● Google Apps including Docs, Sheets, Slides.
● Windows and Mac operating systems
● Written styles including narrative and fiction
● MLA writing guidelines
● Member of the International Association of
Professional Writers & Editors (IAPWE), as
of Aug. 21st 2023
● Intermediate fluency in conversational
French
● Experience using WordPress
● Experience with using Slack
● Experience with using Monday.com
Education:
Champlain College, Burlington, VT Graduated May, 2023 Bachelor of Science Degree in Professional Writing Specialization in Creative Writing and Literature Copyeditor (Independent Contractor) Cyber5W, Burlington, VT Sept. 2021 to Present
● Cyber-security company, editing Word/PowerPoint documents of 20-to-100 pages / 10-to-50 slides long.
● Corrected for grammar, syntax, and word-choice adapting for lay audiences.
● Documents and PowerPoint presentations would later be used to train new cyber-security specialists.
● Independent research of cybersecurity to ensure documents contained correct technical information.
● Completed each assignment at twice the pace expected.
● Work outcomes were highly valued and was asked to edit text for the company's official website. Technical Writer (Marketing Auxiliary) Leahy Center, Burlington, VT Sept. 12, 2022 to May, 3 2023
• Cyber-security company, technical writer for the marketing team.
• Wrote, edited, published 14 blog-posts and articles for LC website.
• Published articles on WordPress.
• Coordinated with team-members using Slack and Monday.com. Store Associate (Hardware) The Home Depot, Frazer, PA Nov. 7, 2023 to Nov. 21, 2023
• Manual Labor.
• Customer Service.
• Product and merchandize organization.
Introduction to Marketing Final Presentation Jan. 2021 to May 2021
● Collaborated with three other students with a goal to conduct research on a particular corporation.
● Designed and presented a hypothetical marketing plan.
● Experience in creating: Company Descriptions, Company Analyses, and Customer Analyses. Reading and Writing Fiction Portfolio Jan. 2021 to May 2021
● Developed a portfolio of work over the course of the semester from weekly writing prompts.
● Created short stories from a list of out-of-context images.
● Planned out narrative of a story using a real news-headline as inspiration for a creative nonfiction story.
● Wrote out a scene using only one-syllable words.
● Constructed dialogue between two characters such that reader knows who they are without exposition. Writing Apprentice Judith Donato Productions, Wayne, PA May 2019 to June 2019
● Connected with Judith Donato weekly to discuss and debrief previous week’s writing.
● Received feedback and thematic suggestions to improve content.
● Worked independently on manuscript, using Judith’s feedback to make improvements.
● Goal was to create publishable content at the culmination of the internship. Independent Work Sept. 2014 to Present
● Ten years of near-constant practice writing fictional narratives. Published Works
● N/A
Contact this candidate