Rick Malone

ad1ieu@r.postjobfree.com Birmingham, AL 720-***-****
POSITION DESIRED
Technical Writer
STRENGTHS
Creating online help, training materials, release notes, legal documents, quick start guides, standard operating procedures (SOPs), process flows, policy documents, API documentation and end user documentation, using Agile and Waterfall development methodologies.
Analyzing and comprehending highly technical information and presenting it in a way that end users can readily access and understand.
Editing and revising highly technical information for optimal understanding of content and readability according to industry-approved publishing standards.
Creating in-house training curriculum, curricular development and using learning management systems.
Implementing industry publication standards (among them API, Chicago Manual of Style, MSTP and 508 compliance).
Utilizing current state-of-the-art publishing software, including FrameMaker (Structured and Unstructured) and MS-Word for technical documents, PowerPoint for overhead presentations, Photoshop and Visio for graphic representations, RoboHelp for online information, Adobe Captivate for application simulations, tutorials and videos, MadCap Flare for multi-channel publishing and Confluence and SharePoint for wikis.
Working effectively with subject matter experts (SMEs), including engineers, programmers, business analysts, project managers, graphic designers, human factors engineers, legal, project managers and support staff.
Writing technical proposals and business requirements.
SOFTWARE
PROFICIENCY
Acrobat Pro, Adobe InDesign, Captivate, Confluence, FrameMaker (Structured and Unstructured), Git, MadCap Flare, Markdown, MS-Office Suite, Notepad++, OneNote, Photoshop, PowerPoint, RoboHelp, SharePoint, Snagit, Swagger, Visio, Word and XHTML
EXPERIENCE
LogRhythm—Boulder, CO [Remote]
May 2021 to January 2023
Senior Technical Writer
Prioritized assignments to support overlapping releases of complex, enterprise-level software products.
Translated complex concepts into easily understandable and audience appropriate language.
Worked independently and with cross-functional teams to research subject matter and exchange information.
Analyzed existing documentation for user impacts and updates accordingly.
Performed peer reviews for quality, usability, and adherence to established styles.
Represented Technical Publications in planning and review meetings.
Maintained documentation schedules in a Scaled Agile environment.
Collaborating on creation of dashboards that displayed threat-level matrices, incident reports, attempted phishing and malware attacks, and authentication and login error logs.
Worked with team members to update and promote the use of established style guidelines.
Wrote and edited cybersecurity documentation—including user guides, administrator guides, installation guides, and release notes—for technical accuracy, readability, retrievability, grammar and adherence to in-house style guidelines for Cisco, Cloud and Palo Alto (using Confluence, GitHub and Markdown) according to ITIL standards.
Created documentation features and user stories to ensure all new features and functionality were captured in the appropriate release (using Jira and Rally).
USAA—San Antonio, TX (TEKsystems) [Remote]
July 2020 to February 2021
Technical Writer (Subcontractor)
Supported multiple Agile business teams through the delivery of FFIEC-related compliance artifacts within an IT call center.
Wrote and edited technical evidence documents, standard operating procedures (SOPs), Wiki pages, flow charts, process flows and system specifications (using Markdown and Word) according to ITIL standards.
Evaluated documentation for adherence to 508 compliance standards.
Worked with stakeholders to deploy written artifacts into SharePoint, Salesforce, and ServiceNow.
Gathered content from GitHub repositories, created user stories in Jira, and edited component wiki pages.
Sabre Technologies—Southlake, TX (Pyramid Consulting)
February 2020 to May 2020
Technical Writer/Editor (Subcontractor)
Edited, rewrote, and authenticated technical user manuals, product descriptions and data sheets (using MS Word).
Rewrote documentation in a clear and concise style.
Improved editorial and visual standards for documents and recommended new designs, layouts, and procedures as needed.
Analyzed specifications, designed, developed, wrote, verified and produced technical and end user documentation, including printed manuals, online help, tutorials, web-based reference (using MadCap Flare).
Evaluated documentation for adherence to standards, including 508 compliance.
Proofread and edited technical documents.
Worked with product groups to learn ticketing and booking systems.
City of Carrollton—Carrollton, TX (Catapult Solutions)
October 2019 to January 2020
Technical Writer/Business Analyst (Subcontractor)
Wrote and edited runbooks, process flows and change control documents (using Snagit, Excel, Visio and Word).
Documented a new IT Help Desk ticketing system (using Snagit, Excel, Visio and Word).
Worked on standards, guidelines, and best practices to meet requirements for the NIST Cybersecurity Framework (NIST CSF).
Collaborated with subject matter experts to gather and organize technical content for documents.
Fidelity Investments—Westlake, TX (Randstad Technologies)
May 2019 to August 2019
Technical Writer/UX Specialist (Subcontractor)
Developed, organized and wrote an operations playbook for adopting and migrating to SaaS, PaaS and IaaS delivery models (using Confluence, OneNote, Snagit, Visio and Word)
Created marketing materials, including promo postcards and product taglines
Splunk—Plano, TX (TekSystems)
January 2019 to April 2019
Technical Writer/Business Analyst (Subcontractor)
Developed, organized, wrote and edited standard operation procedures (SOPs) and manuals (using Snagit, Visio and Word) according to ITIL standards.
Standardized and maintained technical content across multiple platforms and media types (using Confluence, GitHub and Markdown).
Collaborated with other writers to develop and maintain continuity of style for all content.
Worked closely with technical resources, product owners and managers to gather, share, review, and track content required to develop processes and procedures (using Acrobat, Confluence and WebEx).
FlightSafety International—Dallas, TX
June 2018 to September 2018
Technical Writer/Instructional Systems Specialist
Established and maintained effective lines of communication with SMEs.
Wrote aviation training documents and SOPs according to FlightSafety International writing specifications and standards (using FrameMaker, Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop and Snagit).
Made corrections and enhancements to training documents.
Updated an eLearning training course.
Conducted research required by specific job assignments.
Performed special assignments, including, but not limited to, desktop publishing to generate handouts and training materials, graphic projects, and formatting training materials for the classroom.
BNSF Railways—Fort Worth, TX (HCL America)
January 2018 to May 2018
Technical Writer/Editor (Subcontractor)
Wrote and edited supporting documents and SOPs (using Word, MadCap Flare, GitHub, Markdown and Jira).
Worked with photographs, drawings, diagrams, animation, and charts to aid comprehension.
Standardized content across product platforms, including creating document templates.
Analyzed and revised developer SharePoint wikis to enhance navigation, retrievability and comprehension.
Wrote design development documentation (including release notes and user guides) in GitHub (using Markdown) within an SDLC Agile project management framework.
Migrated wikis from Confluence to SharePoint.
Gathered usability feedback from customers, designers, and manufacturers.
Taught workshops on technical documentation and proposal writing.
Intel Corporation—Hillsboro, OR (Aditi Staffing)
August 2017 to December 2017
Senior Technical Writer (Subcontractor)
Wrote and edited readme files in the GitHub platform for accuracy, readability, retrievability, grammar and adherence to in-house style template (using Markdown, MadCap Flare, Notepad and XHTML).
Created and implemented a template and style guidelines for developing readme files (using Word).
Intel Corporation—Hillsboro, OR (Aditi Staffing)
July 2016 to April 2017
Technical Writer (Subcontractor)
Wrote and edited application help and user-interface content for a firmware engine tool, which entailed working closely with SMEs, creating process flows (using Microsoft Office, Excel, GitHub, Markdown, RoboHelp and Madcap Flare) and posted the content to wiki pages (using SharePoint).
Worked with SMEs to obtain an in-depth and working knowledge of product and documentation requirements.
Collaborated on an eLearning training course for a firmware tool.
Documented a REST API (using Swagger)
Created software simulations to demonstrate the various tasks users perform when using a firmware engine tool (using Adobe Captivate and Snagit).
Pensar Development—Seattle, WA (Volt Management)
January 2016 to April 2016
Technical Writer (Subcontractor)
Wrote and edited engineering design development documentation and end user documentation for ultrasound technologies that provide diagnostic and therapeutic capabilities (using Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Photoshop and Snagit).
Interpreted and communicated FDA guidelines to engineers to ensuring that premarket development documentation and well as end user documentation complies with FDA regulations and other industry regulations.
Redesigned the engineering network directory structure to eliminate redundancy and obsolescence to achieve a more organized and systematic hierarchical scheme.
Collaborated on a proposal for an ultrasound medical device.
FUJIFILM SonoSite—Bothell, WA (Superior Group)
June 2015 to September 2015
Technical Writer (Subcontractor)
Wrote and edited user documentation for ultrasound technologies and digital user interfaces, for compliance to FDA regulations, HIPAA privacy and security regulations and processes, as well as other industry regulations, according to SDLC and Agile software methodology (using FrameMaker, Illustrator, MadCap Flare, Photoshop, Snagit and Word).
Wrote and edited training materials for clinicians in using ultrasound technologies (using Word and PowerPoint).
Wrote and edited standard operating procedures (SOPs) for ensuring the safety of study subjects and optimization of test results and posted the content to wiki pages (using SharePoint).
Securitas Security Services USA, Inc.—Bellevue, WA
July 2013 to June 2015
Security Specialist
Wrote security reports based on information from mobile patrols, foot patrols, phone logs and station reports.
Maintained equipment, uniform and scheduling logs.
T-Mobile—Bellevue, WA (Randstad Staffing)
July 2012 to September 2012
Senior Technical Writer (Subcontractor)
Verified, edited and updated Visio networking diagrams.
Wrote process flows, SOPs, online help (using RoboHelp) and a user guide for an internal project management system (using FrameMaker, InDesign, Visio and Word).
Seattle Pacific University—Seattle, WA
September 2010 to June 2013
Graduate Student and English/Math Mentor
Worked on a Master of Arts in Education degree where I studied eLearning technologies, learning methodologies and curriculum development (using Word and WordPress).
Mentored elementary and middle school students in English and math.
FAA—Renton, WA (Lockheed-Martin)
April 2009 to October 2010
Technical Writer (Subcontractor)
Wrote and edited safety risk management air traffic control reports and Aviation runway safety reports for the FAA (using FrameMaker, Photoshop, PowerPoint and Visio), utilizing knowledge of air traffic control (ATC) systems.
Lockheed-Martin—Denver, CO (Apex Systems)
March 2008 to March 2009
Technical Writer (Subcontractor)
Wrote and edited procedural, operation, maintenance, reference manuals and standard operating procedures (SOPs) for the Department of Defense (DoD) according to MIL-STD 38784 9 (using FrameMaker and MS-Word).
Converted manuals from Word to FrameMaker and applied client-provided template.
Wrote a technical proposal for missile defense interceptor technology.
Sandia National Laboratories—Albuquerque, NM (The Plus Group)
January 2007 to January 2008
Technical Writer (Subcontractor)
Wrote and edited assembly, test, maintenance, storage, operation procedures and standard operating procedures (SOPs) for the Department of Energy (DOE) and the Department of Defense (DoD) according to the U.S. Government Printing Office (GPO) Style Manual (using DITA, Structured FrameMaker, Photoshop, Word and Illustrator). Specifically, this information covered warhead fuzing, firing and delivery systems.
Wrote and maintained a documentation procedures guide for writing technical manuals in the Military Liaison department.
Sandia National Laboratories—Albuquerque, NM (The Plus Group)
June 2005 to October 2006
Technical Writer/Analyst (Subcontractor)
Wrote a network system development report for the Department of Energy (DOE) and the Department of Defense (DoD) that included engineering practices, system test data, process flows, conceptual design, block diagrams, schematics, theory of operations and functional overview (using Visio, PowerPoint and Word).
Wrote online help (using Macromedia Captivate and RoboHelp).
Created a style conventions guide for writing online help.
Created process flow charts of procedural information (using PowerPoint, Visio and Word).
innovASIC—Albuquerque, NM
January 2004 to May 2005
Technical Writing Consultant
Wrote and edited an end user guide, operator guide and design engineering documentation (APIs) (using FrameMaker and Word). This work entailed creating a FrameMaker document template.
Created press releases and data sheets for print and internet.
EDUCATION
Master of Science in Technical Writing, Rensselear Polytechnic Institute
Bachelor of Science in English, Tennessee State University
REFERENCES
Available along with academic credentials at your request.
Contact this candidate