Page *
Sara Fradeneck
Ohio, IL ***** 478-***-****
ad1n7r@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sara-
fradeneck-6a0674b1/ Summary
Highly adaptable professional, well versed in Analysis, Auditing, Technical Writing/Editing/Proofreading/Publication, Software Documentation, Team Leadership and Configuration Management with over 17 years’ experience. Strong working knowledge of ServiceNow and DevOps NFCU Operations, processes and procedures, and Navy Federal Security and Fraud Prevention Applications. Working knowledge of SGML, HTML, XML, S-1000D, DITA, and IETMs, along with reading wiring diagrams and schematics. Proficient in navigating and adding files to various version control environments, like CMPro, to include, but not limited to, Visual Source Safe, Content@, and SVN.
Work Experience
IT Analyst/Technical Writer
Navy Federal Credit Union Contractor through ProTask - Navarre, FL April 2020 to August 2023
● Manage issues and vulnerabilities across the entire System Support portfolio.
● Focused oversight and analysis of Issues, Vulnerabilities, and Exceptions reporting in ServiceNow and Archer as they relate to Support Transition to include reporting on and presentation of results in weekly Delivery and Operations status meeting.
● Work Exceptions and Vulnerabilities from beginning to end including collaboration with InfoSec point-of-contacts (POC), Assistant Vice President (AVP), exception POC, and various POCs for different departments within Navy Federal Credit Union (NFCU).
● Perform User Acceptance Testing (UAT) on various applications prior to implementation and go live.
● Categorize and sort content based on established project parameters.
● Collaborate with subject matter experts, technical writing peers, business unit managers, stakeholders, and project managers.
● Use advanced technical writing knowledge to write and/or edit policies, procedures, and documents.
● Take large amounts of written information and reorganize and simplify into brief, easy to navigate content.
● Proofread, edit, and format submitted documentation to ensure formatting and style consistency, correct grammar and spelling as well as ensuring conformity to regulatory and business requirements.
Integrated Logistics Support Specialist
Booz Allen Hamilton - Panama City Beach, FL
October 2019 to April 2020
● By direction of the Lead Technical Specialist, supporting the Deployable Joint Communications and Combat (DJC2) system technical documentation efforts included writing, editing, reading wiring diagrams, analyzing data for inclusion in Job Aids and Interactive Electronic Technical Manuals
(IETM)s.
● Once updates to IETMs were made, utilizing XML indexes to generate hyperlinks to Job Aids in IETM's, the documents were distributed to Naval Support Activity (NSA) project lead.
● Performed reviews on Job Aids prior to release to government.
● Assisted with recompete efforts and Requests for Bid (RFP)s received from government.
● Reviewed engineering drawings to include wiring diagrams and other data relative to operation maintenance and service of equipment.
● Evaluated and edited existing documentation to include formatting, data updates, and redline implementation.
Page 2
● Performed pre and post publication reviews of assigned Job Aids and IETMs. Configuration Manager
Atlas, North America - Panama City Beach, FL
April 2016 to October 2019
● By direction of the Government Configuration Manager, utilizing CMPRO, supported the Surface Mine Neutralization System (SMNS)-SF AN/SLQ-60 and Airborne Mine Neutralization System
(AMNS) AN/ ASQ-232A by providing an organized and logical methodology to collate relevant technical data and enter this data into the CMPro repository.
● Verified inventory stored in Government Furnished Equipment (GFE) by hand counting quantities against list provided by NAVSEA.
● Determined, verified, created, and maintained SeaFox inventory in CMPro, validating quantities, as parts were issued or gained.
● Associated data modules to drawing parts lists, redlining data modules that require edits/updates.
● Other responsibilities included uploading drawings to the drawing repository, verifying all current drawings have been uploaded, verifying drawing type, drawing sheets, status, revision, and parts lists were added as needed, added alternate parts as required.
● Edited and verified Approved Parts List (APLs).
● Updated and provided Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) tracking and Configuration Status Accounting on a monthly basis.
● All the above SMNS and AMNS tasks fall under Sea Fox mine neutralization logistics lifecycle activities in operational and acquisition environments. Technical Writer
NantHealth - Panama City, FL
February 2016 to June 2017
● Lead technical writer for FDA regulated medical device synchronization system known as DeviceConX (DCX).
● Utilized Subversion (SVN) version control system to maintain Configuration Management (CM) control of all documentation pertaining to DCX.
● Collaborated with marketing & operations department to strengthen content in technical documentation and contract deliverables.
● Conferred with software developers, Quality Control team, and product managers to establish technical specifications and determine subject material to be developed for publication.
● Developed and edited technical documentation to include operator's manuals, service manuals, software release notes, and administrator guides for FDA regulated medical devices by utilizing the device GUI, in order to capture updates for documentation. Technical Writer
Technical Support International - Panama City Beach, FL June 2014 to July 2015
● Assisted with demilitarization (DEMIL) of Navy minesweepers by generating DEMIL procedures guide and helping coordinate the transfer of Government Furnished Equipment (GFE) to the holding facility as part of integration of logistics lifecycle spectrum in an operational and acquisition environment.
● Developed Data Modules in S1000D format for the SeaFox system by utilizing standard generalized mark-up language (SGML) tagging software.
● Uploaded Interactive Electronic Technical Manuals (IETM)s for the SeaFox Mine Neutralization System (SMNS) to SVN daily.
● Uploaded data modules into SVN on an as completed basis.
● Assisted with Configuration Management (CM) responsibilities by assuring all updated documentation was uploaded to SVN and was ready to publish to CMPro. Page 3
Senior Test Analyst, Rapid Response Kit
Engility Corporation - Panama City Beach, FL
December 2012 to October 2013
● Participated in the development process, analysed application requirements and design documentation, developed comprehensive testing structures, developed test plans and test requirements, analysed and documented results to include test defects and solutions. All these tasks are part of the integrated logistics process.
● Formulated and maintained master test plan strategy, to include: preparing/creating and executing test case scenarios and providing progress reports regarding process tests as part of the development, integration, testing, and evaluation of logistics lifecycle tasks.
● Generated and uploaded Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) and documentation required for test events to SVN on a daily/weekly basis.
● Executed System Subsystem Specification (SSS) requirement testing.
● Conducted Quality Control (QC) check on all executed test cards to ensure test cards were complete and accurate.
● Developed and revised test cards based on redlines and technology refreshes of the system.
● Supported regression testing process and assigned tests ready for re-test.
● Participated in daily safety briefs to ensure assigned work force was properly trained and equipped.
● Supported Test Team with QC of all executed test cards to ensure test data was captured and archived properly.
● Maintained test documentation in the online document repository. (TEPs SITREPs, test cards, test report, schedules, etc.)
● Attended daily hot washes, outlining test scenarios that required retesting and recorded lessons learned at the conclusion of test event.
Temporary Technical Writer/Editor
Science Applications International Corporation - Panama City Beach, FL May 2012 to October 2012
● Participated in high level meetings with customer to establish Data Module Requirements List (DMRL).
● Evaluated and edited existing documentation to include formatting, data updates, and redline implementation.
● Prepared source data packages for manuals in sustainment.
● Evaluated editorial/contractor outputs for specification compliance.
● Performed pre and post publication reviews of assigned Technical Orders.
● Coordinated with editorial, distribution and Equipment Specialist personnel. Technical Writer
All Native Services - Warner Robins, GA
May 2010 to May 2012
● Utilized Content@ for configuration management and change request control.
● Resolved issues related to assigned TOs.
● Produced technical manual contract requirements for new programs.
● Interfaced with contractor and provide guidance on new acquisition.
● Performed pre and post publication reviews of assigned TOs.
● Indexed new items in JCALS and management information systems.
● Coordinated with editorial, distribution and ES personnel.
● Experienced writing aircraft/commodity technical manuals in compliance with TMCR and military specifications.
Page 4
● Utilized Frame Maker and SGML for tagging.
● Reviewed engineering drawings to include wiring diagrams and other data relative to operation maintenance and service of equipment.
Senior Technical Writer/Configuration Manager
Science Applications International Corporation - Warner Robins, GA June 2005 to July 2009
● Delivered Methods and Procedures Technical Order (MPTO) in accordance with MIL- STD-38784 for the Item Unique Identification (IUID) program. The MPTO for the IUID program was ultimately approved by Air Force Materiel Command for distribution to all depots for guidance.
● Successfully updated the LANTIRN Portable Reprogramming Station (PRS) Technical Order.
● Coordinated peer reviews and government acceptance testing as well as recommended changes to team policies and objectives.
● Assisted with Quality Assurance duties of technical documents to include Peer Reviews and testing of Users' Manuals and Technical Orders prior to release to the general public for use.
● Participated in annual ISO audits to ensure consistent successful outcome for three years.
● Performed Configuration Management duties utilizing Microsoft Visual Source Safe to include successful compliance with CMMI and ISO standards.
● Verified all documents/software were managed under ISO 9001:2000 processes and were accurately outlined in the Configuration Management Plan.
● Conducted Configuration Control Boards, document/software control and release, managed changes and verified that documents/software met all Configuration Management requirements prior to delivery.
● Archived project files, established naming conventions for all Configuration Identifications, established Configuration Item Numbers for the physical identification of software, products, documents and test materials. Education
Bachelor of Science in Business Management
University of Phoenix Online - Phoenix, AZ
2004 to 2007
Skills
• Logistics lifecycle management and integrated logistics processes (10+ years)
• Development of support policies, procedures and systems, and providing implementation guidance (9 years)
• Preparation and implementation of directives to ensure effective logistics support (10+ years)
• Origination of system structures in various version control environments to track and manage baselines and changes (10+ years)
• Verification/auditing of release/current configuration documentation for accuracy and applicability
(10+ years)
• Air Force, Army, and Navy technical documentation (10+ years)
• Proficient in functions/operations of daily configuration and change management (10+ years)
• Working Knowledge of Content@, Visual Source Safe, and understanding of CMPro (10+ years)
• HTML (10+ years)
• SGML (10+ years)
Page 5
• S1000D (8 years)
• XML (Extensible Mark-up Language) (8 years)
Contact this candidate