Rebecca Turner
725-***-****
**** *. ******* ***. *** Vegas, Nevada, 89123
Email: ad1prt@r.postjobfree.com Public Profile www.linkedin.com/pub/rebecca-turner/2a/1ba/10a/

Summary of Qualifications
15+ Years IT Experience/Technical Writing
5 Years Project Coordinator Experience
4 Years Oil and Gas Industry Experience
1 Year Mechanical Integrity experience
Secret Clearance issued 5/9/2019 EXP 4/26/2029
Education
Tarleton State University Major: BS Computer Science
December 2004 Minor: Business Administration

I am a dedicated professional, who has a successful track record in compiling, creating, researching, testing, and maintaining functional documentation and processes for companies. I have a strong working knowledge across multiple aspects of the IT environment and am well versed in a multitude of software programs in various roles. I have strong experience in multiple functional areas including, but not limited to, Technical Writing, Project Coordination, Document Management and Mechanical Integrity. I am seeking long term employment with a company who will afford me the opportunity for growth

Experience
Sr. Technical Writer/Editor BEAT, LLC November 2019 – September 2020

Responsible for the review, development, and editing of complex written and graphical technical materials,
Plan, develop, organize, write, and edit operational procedures and manuals
Ensures compliance with industry standards and best practices for configuration
Research, develop, and document technical design specifications and test scripts
Maintain a comprehensive library of technical terminology and documentation
Analyze documents to maintain continuity of style of content
Format documentation in compliance with approved program style guide requirements
Manage updates and revisions to technical literature
Delivers accurate and complete end-user-facing online help documentation on time and with a high degree of quality.

Sr. Technical Writer August 2018 – November 2019
Huntington Ingalls Industries
Sr. Technical Writer for the IT department that supports the Federal Defenders Program

Project Support Specialist Oct 2018 – July 2018

Defense Health Agency – Department of Air Force
The MHS is undergoing Health IT Modernization, and system consolidation activities. As existing legacy systems are decommissioned, the data currently captured and stored in various repositories will need to be migrated to a new platform/repository to support various use cases. The Project Support Specialist supports the LDR Project Manager in various capacities including, but not limited to,
Drafting and editing project documentation
Selecting and organizing material, including necessary illustrations, charts, and graphs
Researching, analyzing, and drafting informational material based on leadership guidance, interviews, and background knowledge
Gathering and compiling requirements for Statement of work
building, and maintaining document sharing repository
Interact with leadership and team personnel of all levels of education and skills
Coordinate projects and manage required correspondence for said projects
Ensure documentation is within organization’s templates, instructions, and policies
Aaccomplish assignments independently, analyze and interpret the information gathered, and consult with the supervisor on problems and progress in meeting deadlines.
Use desktop publishing technology to write or edit materials, develop graphic materials and prepare layouts

Sr. Technical Writer Feb 2018 – October 2018

Defense Health Agency – Department of Air Force
Overseeing the documentation of several departments in the Defense Health Agency (DHA). The DHA is a joint, integrated Combat Support Agency that enables the Army, Navy, and Air Force medical services to provide a medically ready force and ready medical force to Combatant Commands in both peacetime and wartime. The DHA supports the delivery of integrated, affordable, and high-quality health services to MHS beneficiaries and is responsible for driving greater integration of clinical and business processes across the MHS

• Create process flow charts for branch chiefs – Analytics, Data Discovery, Research and Registries
• Created overall organization chart for AFMOA
• Created, proofread and edited methodology documentation for Analytics team
• Created templates for Analytics weekly project updates – currently acting as Project coordinator for this team
• Monitored and extracted Data from CarePoint site to coordinate calls and meetings with requestors
• Cleaned up the documentation page for SharePoint for the Analytics team
• Scheduled and attended various meetings between groups to accomplish tasks
• Worked closely with leadership to achieve best outcome for various projects
• Acted as interim project Manager for branch chief, to include overseeing up to 55 projects weekly, creating an automated reporting tool for said tasks using Tableau software

Sr. Technical Writer June 2016 – October 2017
ISS Facility Services
Created process documentation in the JDE Financial platform.
Tested functionality of user guides for the purpose of clarity for the end user.
Worked closely with SME’s to compile and research best practices for creating functional training documentation.
Created user guides for Hubble Explorer and Analytics reporting
Worked with managers to formulate areas of need where documentation processes may be able to be improved upon.
Utilized JDE, Hubble, SnagIT, Camtasia and other software programs to complete tasks.
Completed all documentation in Microsoft Word and/or PowerPoint presentations
Worked within DocuWare Intelligent indexing system, storing invoices and creating tasks for efficient document management

Project Coordinator/Technical Writer June 2010 – Jan 2015
Access Midstream
Created and maintained yearly budget and forecast for Right of Way Maintenance projects for current and upcoming years.
Utilized Excel and Sharepoint to create and streamline a tracking process to efficiently delegate projects, create reports for area coordinators for meetings and communicate closely with all project coordinators as to the status of projects and ETA’s for completion
Communicated with District Clerks and courts regarding probates, divorces and other related court information
Worked with billing departments to maintain invoices for title search related expenses.

Title Agent/Technical Writer January 2010 – June 2010
Access Midstream
Created and maintained processes and procedures for title agents to complete projects. Utilized technical writing skills to organize and create these processes for future use.
Managed over 100+ projects at a given time
Utilized CRECS/Flare Docs to summarize recorded documents, such as mortgages, trust deeds, and contracts that affect property titles. Read search requests in order to ascertain types of title evidence required and to obtain descriptions of properties and names of involved parties.
Obtained maps or drawings delineating properties from company title plants, county surveyors, and/or assessors' offices.
Examined documentation such as deeds, liens, judgments, easements, plat books, maps, contracts, and agreements in order to verify factors such as properties' legal descriptions, ownership, or restrictions.

Technical Writer November 2008 – January 2010
USAA
Worked in a fast paced 24x7 command center working in incident management.
Performed duties using ITIL best practices and Standard Operating procedures
Worked closely with all IT departments, such as, Websphere, SQL, B2B, voice operations, Documentum, scheduling and monitoring teams.
Documented outages and resolutions for USAA employees and the banking center.
Communicated with all IT departments to achieve return to service as efficiently as possible.
Navigated several software applications to achieve goals.

Technical Writer October 2007 – October 2008
Accenture
Worked with a Global Outsourcing company to compile, create and test over 200 LWI’s (Local Work Instructions) for accuracy, clarity and content.
Used a variety of software to complete tasks, i.e., Microsoft Project, Excel, PeopleSoft, SharePoint etc.
Uploaded LWI’s to Unilever internal website for employee use
(Writing samples available upon request)

Courseware Author May 2006 – September 2007
Del Valle Technologies
Brief Scope: Converted the T-45 Mandarin based Strike Pilot curricula to JPATS Training Information Management System (TIMS) compatible Authorware for delivery to the Navy Fleet Training Support Center (FTSC). This effort consisted of designing and developing a new TIMS (AICC based) interface for the courseware and reproducing the T-45 CAI and CBT course material in the JPATS T-6 courseware GUI. This contract dealt directly with Technology-based curriculum, analyzing, designing, developing, and modifying interfaces (legacy) with current technologies.
(Writing sample available upon request)
Contact this candidate