Michael Lloyd Active Secret Security clearance
Anaheim, California 92807
213-***-**** ad1ran@r.postjobfree.com
Portfolio B https://MichaelLloydServices.com
LinkedIn B https://LinkedIn.com/in/MichaelLloydServices

Technical Writing 7 years
Graphic Design 7 years
Desktop Publishing 6 years
Information Technology 20 years
Software Development 4 years
C/C++, Pascal, BASIC, advanced macros
Website Design and HTML, CSS 4 years
Project Management 4 years
Business Analysis 3 years
Marketing 4 years
Proposal Writing 2 years
Business Owner 5 years
Markdown 2 years
Prompt Engineering, AI tools 3 years
Agile Scrum (with SM training) 2 years

Microsoft Office 10 years
Microsoft Visio, Project 3 years
Microsoft Teams, Outlook 6 years
Microsoft SharePoint 2 years
Adobe Acrobat Pro 5 years
Adobe RoboHelp 1 years
Technical Writer
Business, Marketing, and Technology specialization

Highly experienced Navy veteran, with a strong background in computer science and technical writing. Passionate about elegant engineering and design, advanced technology, science, psychology, and communication. Proficient in graphic design, UX, diagrams, and software development.

Equally analytical and creative, with the ability to synthesize complex concepts into a cohesive, targeted communication. Adept at interviewing SMEs, and has successfully led teams in producing high-quality documentation. Seeking opportunities relating to business, marketing, or technology.

Experience working with software developers, engineers, medical professionals, project managers, and executives, in agile Scrum, SaaS, DoD, government, programming, startup, manufacturing and engineering environments.

Employment Experience

Technical Writer
VSolvit, Hybrid Position, Norco California, Navy contractor May 2023 B Sep 2023

$Software Document Specialist 2 in support of the development of a SaaS shipbuilding solution.
$Establish application style standards and hierarchal structure for mockups and documentation.
$Create Visio diagrams and application interface mockups for stakeholders and developers.
$Use desktop publishing and graphic design skills in crafting documentation and graphic elements.
$Learn project process and software development technical details and interview SMEs as needed.
$Provide numerous UI and UX application suggestions that were implemented.
$Employ elegant methods to present complex data to eliminate redundancy and simplify.

Technical Writer, Graphic Designer, Business Analyst
Strategic Holistic Solutions, Remote Position, Clarkston Michigan Nov 2022 B Apr 2023

$Write all marketing, website, and blog content.
$Design and develop website, create logo, business cards, and other graphics.
$Establish affiliate relationships, configure affiliate portals, and create related marketing gateways.
$Design and implement backend infrastructure, including templates, communication systems, and related technology.

Technical Writer
skyTran, Hybrid Position, Huntington Beach California Jun 2022 B Oct 2022

$Craft comprehensive technical documentation for an autonomous magnetic levitation transportation system in a manufacturing and engineering environment.
$Product: Orchestrate collaborative Voice of the Customer report effort with CEO, researchers and SMEs, presented to major stakeholders, critical for skyTran's subsequent efforts.
$Engineering: Develop report explaining technical feasibility comparative analysis vs alternatives.
$Marketing: Create assets explaining purpose, technology and context of skyTran components.
$Establish standards for internal and customer-facing documentation.
$Develop documents with clarity and consistency, and data collection forms, to company standards.

Technical Writer
Vista Defense Technologies, Remote Position, DoD contractor Nov 2021 B Apr 2022

$DoD DHA (Defense Health Agency) standardization team member in an agile Scrum environment.
$Create master template for use with most documentation, using advanced Word features.
$Develop and edit technical documentation for clarity, consistency and accuracy.
$Wrote white paper promoting benefits and process of migrating enterprise data to new solution.
$Create and refine flowcharts describing software development and other technical process.

Technical Writer Limited employment due to Covid-19 family concerns.
Arkham Technology, Irvine California, DoD contractor Nov 2020 B Dec 2020

$Perform technical analysis of military grade encryption-decryption software and write report detailing discrepancies and anomalies used to determine software development decisions.
$Create flowcharts with annotated analysis describing application behavior.
$Edit and format technical proposals for clarity, consistency, accuracy and presentation.

Computer Technician
Los Angeles General Medical Center, Los Angeles California Jul 2019 B Feb 2020

$Replace endoflife computers throughout large hospital complex, including computer configuration, data migration, installing applications and licensing verification.
$Image new computers in preparation for deployment.
$Prepare new computersonwheels for deployment, including extensive meticulous cable management and peripheral mounting.

Computer Technician, Contract Positions, Primarily Windows 10 Refresh
Hyundai, Schools First Credit Union, Epson and others, Orange County California Feb 2018 B Jun 2019

$Hyundai headquarters: Work with users including senior staff as single point of contact for all issues relating to refresh project. Project includes data and profile backup, application installation and configuration (Adobe CS, AutoCad, video editing software, business and proprietary programs), software and system configuration and problem resolution.
$Schools First Credit Union: Project involves replacing hard drives, backing up data, documentation, configuring hardware and software, and installing system specific drivers.

Technical Writer, Graphic Designer, Technician
Computer and Design Solutions, Irvine California Jan 2016 B Oct 2017

Medium and Small Businesses, and Residential
$Writing: marketing literature, brochures, website content and business documents.
$Revise Web Builder application manual for clarity and technical accuracy.
$Graphic design: marketing literature layout, forms design and logo creation/recreation.
$Design and develop website, including: text, graphics and behavior.
$Provide business efficiency and technology solutions to improve capability and workflow.
$Resolve complex hardware and software problems in diverse environments.
$Provide disaster recovery solutions for servers and workstations with simple restore process.

Computer Technician, Graphic Designer
Creative Computer Solutions, Pontiac Michigan Jul 2007 B Jun 2008, Dec 2008 B Dec 2015

Medium and Small Businesses, and Residential
$Writing and graphic design: brochures, forms and electronic documents, logo design/recreation.
$Business process improvement: needs analysis, research, recommendations, and implementation.
$Managed technician team on projects and coordinate workload of multiple technicians.
$Provide remote and onsite troubleshooting and problem resolution in diverse environments.
$Implement backup and disaster recovery solutions on servers and workstations.

Remote Support Level II Technician
MasterCard, Troy Michigan Jul 2008 B Nov 2008

$Administer level II desktop support for 200+ users including all MasterCard remote users throughout North America and Canada, and 8 offices throughout North America.
$Manage problem resolution process from call to resolution, including: phone and remote troubleshooting (using Microsoft SMS, Symantec Altiris, Lotus Sametime collaboration and VNC), receive bad systems, migrate data, restore disk images, and configure end user notebook computers. Remove encryption and perform data recovery as needed.
$Resolve Internet and VPN related issues in diverse environments using wired and wireless technologies including aircards, residential and hotel high speed connections.
$Administer users and computers in Windows Active Directory forest.
$Used GEM (Global Event Management) ticketing system to track technical work.
$Troubleshoot Microsoft Office applications, Lotus Notes and smart phones.

Help Desk Analyst
McGraw-Hill, Carlsbad California Mar 2007 B Jun 2007

$Support 1800+ users in a corporate environment.
$Troubleshoot, repair, and remotely administer Dell and Toshiba laptops for mobile sales staff.
$Manage entire problem resolution process: phone and remote troubleshooting (using Dameware, NetMeeting and LogMeIn), receive bad systems, migrate data, restore disk images, and configure end user notebook computers.
$Configure and maintain Nortel VPN and AT&T dialup clients and related accounts. Resolve Internet and VPN related issues in diverse environments using wired and wireless technologies including aircards, dialup, residential and hotel high speed connections.
$Administer users and computers in Windows Active Directory forest, and resolve OU issues.
$Use Remedy ticketing system to document technical work from identification to resolution.
$Troubleshoot Microsoft Office, Word, Excel, Outlook and proprietary applications.

Technical Writer, Graphic Designer, Technician
Creative Computer Resources, Waterford Michigan Feb 1997 B Dec 2006

Medium and Small Businesses, Residential and Contract Work
$Develop business documents and marketing literature. Design logos, brochures and forms.
$Design, write copy and produce creative tri-fold document, containing a complex building layout diagram, used in an executive event at Jatco North American Operations.
$Identified business needs, presented recommendations and implemented process improvements.
$Reproduce many intricate old style radio dial glasses using advanced vector graphic techniques.
$Manage projects, from proposal to completion, and coordinate workload of multiple technicians.
$Provide on-site and remote troubleshooting and problem resolution in diverse environments.
$Develop and administer training for clients on diverse technology-related subjects.
$Implement backup and disaster recovery solutions on key workstations and servers.

Lakeshore Legal Aid (30 users), Oakland Livingston Legal Aid (35 users), Council & Advocacy Law Line
(28 users)Legal Aid locations consisted of 3 primary locations and 4 satellites
$Perform onsite hardware and software installation and upgrades on Windows clients and servers.
$Perform server and workstation hardware and software troubleshooting throughout 7 locations.
$Provide remote diagnosis, remote assistance, and problem resolution throughout locations.
$Install, configure and support Windows workstations and servers, including Workgroup and Active Directory configuration, user accounts and resources.

Technical Writer, Program Manager Assistant
OIS Optical Imaging Systems, Inc., Troy Michigan Sep 1991 B Feb 1992

$Create and edit product documentation for DoD and NASA contracts.
$Develop a complex template used in all product documentation, to satisfy government requirement.
$Learn and establish use of alternate project management software in company, and provide engineering staff with related support and training.
$Develop elegant C programming algorithms used in hardware device drivers.
$Trusted with confidential data and payroll.

Technical Manager, Business Analyst
MicroSystems Service and Support, Inc., Pontiac Michigan Feb 1992 B Feb 1997

$Established technology Value Added Reseller (VAR) with three partners. Managed 5 individuals as president and technical manager.
$Research, write proposals and implement multivendor technology solutions to improve client's business operations.
$Selected by IBM as most qualified to evaluate and recommend BESTeam program improvements.
$Establish policy, procedures, and Client Task System to manage client-related workflow.
$Develop documents, forms, literature and graphics for MicroSystems and our clients.
$Develop computer maintenance procedures to increase computer performance and reliability.
$Evaluate and implement technician tools and support system for on-site appointments.
$Design and administer training for MicroSystems staff, Hilton Corporation, Lanista and others.
$Resolved client issues and disputes with 85% customer retention over 5 years.

Technical Writer, Office Administrator, Honorable discharge
US Navy, USS Forrestral CV-59, Air Department, V2 Division, QA Office, Mayport Florida Aug 1985 B Aug 1989

$Selected among the highest qualified to establish the ship=s V-2 Division ALRE (aircraft launch and recovery equipment) Quality Assurance office.
$Create reports, diagrams, letters and other documents as needed.
$Write, edit and publish 28 maintenance instructions, each between 8 to 40 pages.
Advise supervisors with difficult situations, answer questions, and provide interpretation.
These maintenance instructions provided guidelines, procedures and responsibilities relating to ALRE (aircraft launch and recovery equipment). As the governing documentation for ALRE relating to critical systems, they were instrumental in supporting the Navy aircraft carrier missionCto provide worldwide military air presence.
$Develop application to test workcenter QA inspector candidates for six possible certifications. Features include: randomly selected questions, grade, review, and onscreen and printed results.
$Implement and maintain the database for the ALRE technical publication library.
$Develop and administer training on diverse subjects.
Medals and honors: Meritorious Unit Commendation Sea Service Deployment Ribbon-Bronze Star
Navy "E" Ribbon Good Conduct Medal Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal

Education and Credentials
Baker College - Auburn Hills MI, 2008
Associates B Computer Science 3.7 GPA
Composition I and II, Oral Communication
Business, Marketing, Sociology, Psychology
Network Administration, Security, Visual Basic, HTML

University of Phoenix - Southfield MI, 2006 3.4 GPA
Professional Development, Critical Thinking
Project Management, Business Systems Development
IT Administration, Routers, Networking, Security

Oakland Community College - West Bloomfield MI, 1992
C Programming II 4.0 GPA

Sophia College - Online Campus, 2020
Bachelor B Communication -pending 3.5 GPA
Visual Communications
Composition Foundations, Composition I and II
Conflict Resolution, Team Development
Business Fundamentals

Certifications
Microsoft MCP
CompTIA A+
Corel WordPerfect
IBM OS/2 Engineer
Contact this candidate