Heather Bunch
Sr. Technical Writer
Summary
Senior Technical Writer with 10+ years of experience creating technical documentation and training materials for software and hardware products. Experience spans across IT, broadcasting, and digital branding industries, with a knack for translating complex technical jargon into plain English. Results include:
● Played a pivotal role in streamlining documentation process for a Fortune 500 tech firm, reducing bugs and errors by 30%.
● Improved user satisfaction by 40% through the development of clear, concise, and accurate technical documentation and training materials. Relevant WORK EXPERIENCE
Contract Technical Writer, Infosys Remote
Mar 2022 — Aug 2023
Collaborated with three Google Dev. Teams to ensure seamless content creation and migration of developer tool documentation:
● Created high-quality instructional documentation for both internal and external audiences using Google’s internal API systems.
● Facilitated, edited, and curated documentation produced by Dev. Tool Engineers.
● Reviewed code developed by other engineers and provided feedback to ensure best practices (e.g., style guidelines, checking code in, accuracy, testability, and efficiency).
● Contributed to existing documentation or educational content and adapted content based on product/program updates and user feedback.
● Triaged product or system issues and debug/track/resolve by analyzing the sources of issues and the impact on hardware, network, or service operations and quality.
Contract Instructional Designer, PwC Remote
Nov 2018 — Sep 2019
Grid Modernization Project
Fortune 500 integrated energy company
● Collaborated with cross-functional teams, including engineers, product managers, stakeholders, and user experience designers, to deliver 20+ role-specific learning journeys and 200+ cross- functional and role-specific learning solutions.
● Documented (Maximo, Click) specific learning job aids. Learning included impacts to ~4,000 employees across four states. Solutions included eLearning, instructor-led training, job aids, and management/oversight of Maximo/Click training environments. ad1v34@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/heather-bunch
New York, NY
INTERPERSONAL SKILLS
Creative and analytical
Empathetic/Advocate
Highly detail-oriented
Stoic under pressure
Inquisitive and fast learner
Technical SKILLS
Proofreading
Editing
Documentation
Writing
Manuals
SOPs
Online Help
eLearning
Techniques
Content Management
Technical Communication
User Experience (UX)
Tools & Software
MadCap Flare
Adobe Suite
Microsoft Office Suite
Google Docs
GitHub/Wiki
Markdown (SGML, HTML, CSS,
XML)
Darwin Information Typing
Architecture (DITA)
JIRA/Confluence
SharePoint
Snagit
Education
University of North Texas
Bachelor of Arts
English
Denton, Texas
8/2000 - 05/2004
CertificationS
Technical Writing
Endorsement, UNT 2004
UX Design, Google (In Progress)
Technical Writer/Illustrator, Chand (Bollinger Shipyards) Louisiana Nov 2017 — June 2018
● Developed publications work packages using Arbortext XML that include, equipment description, theory of operation, operator instructions, troubleshooting procedures, maintenance instructions
(remove and replace procedures), and supporting information
(Repair Parts and Special Tools Lists).
● Coordinated with quality control to ensure the accuracy and adequacy of each publication while adhering to established timelines.
● Illustrated and updated graphics required to support the detailed steps.
Contract Technical Writer/Business Analyst, CBS New York City Aug 2016 — Sep 2017
CBS Broadcast Center MediaPulse Project
● Analyzed functionality of MediaPulse, a complex platform designed to manage every aspect of the CBS Broadcast Center, including scheduling resources, managing stages and equipment, scheduling resources, and keeping track of costs.
● Established working relationship with end users/key stakeholders to gather key acceptance criteria and create detailed documentation of key process areas.
● Personally tested documented processes to ensure 100% accuracy and completeness.
Horizon/MyVDI Project
● Organized and improved content management using Sharepoint and Wiki platforms.
● Established and adhered to standards for various technical documents, including: training and procedure documentation needed for IS&T-VDI migration, Help Desk Daily Support Task procedures for Onshore/Offshore vendors.
Contract Technical Writer, CBS New York City
Jul 2014 — Dec 2015
● Planned, edited, and maintained CBS Data Center Operations policies and procedures, which involved researching and organizing information on the sequential and logical processes of their data center infrastructure.
● Improved overall quality assurance of server builds by designing the proper server build and quality control documentation. Contract Technical Writer, Digitas North America New York City Sep 2010 — Oct 2013
● Created, modified, and prepared digital presentation and functional specifications, and wireframes using PowerPoint, Keynote, Adobe Creative Suite (lnDesign, Photoshop, and Illustrator, and Adobe Acrobat), and MS Office Suite.
● Used JIRA/Confluence to communicate effectively with Designers and Project Managers, as necessary, with regard to status of assigned projects, specific project needs, workflow and file management.
Previous WORK EXPERIENCE
Creative Director, NOLA Bespoke Staging + Design Jan 2020 — Jan 2022 Contract Technical Writer, Razorfish Nov 2011 — Feb 2012 Contract Technical Writer, Diligent Feb 2012— Mar 2012 Contract Technical Writer, Havas Health Oct 2012 — Nov 2012 Technical Writer, Logicworks Sep 2007 — Feb 2008
Aerospace Logistics Engineer, Bell Flight May 2005 — Jun 2007 Aircraft Maintenance Support Engineer,
Lockheed Martin Nov 2003 — Dec 2004
Contact this candidate