Mike Ziabakhsh Laguna Woods, CA ***** Email:ad1vz9@r.postjobfree.com 949-***-****

Quality Lead Auditor/Sr. Technical Writer
To obtain a position that will enable me to use my proven customer centric perspective, strong background in writing, editing and ability to analyze methodologies, conduct management responsibilities and interact effectively in a team environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer. Willing to relocate anywhere.

Work Experience
Quality Auditor/Documentation Specialist
Jabil Circuits, Inc. - Lake Forest, CA April 2022 to Present
Performing intricate visual inspection of complex electromechanical in-line products before shipment, creating, updating and implementing quality inspection documentations by following and complying to all the procedures within the company’s security policies and the standard procedures of manufacturing by reading blue-prints, red-lines, BOMs, schematics, customers and testing requirements, excellent accuracy in identifying defects, documentation and reporting for CAR database, conducting First Article, Sampling, 100% inspections, receiving and in-process inspection, performing surface table inspections using standard positioning, measuring and layout instruments and equipment. Utilizing shop mathematics, decimals, fractions, accessing customer quality inspection systems, communicating with customers & vendors regarding inspection and quality issues and conducting post audits and direct fulfillment in-process inspections, knowledgeable in utilizing the quality side functionality with MES system for pass/fail data practice, establishing professional practice by following all safety, health rules and regulations, conducting as a final checkpoint for finished goods prior to being shipped to customer or end user. Effectively, presenting information and responding to questions from groups of managers, clients, and customers within our products. Obtaining Quality Control Inspection trainings and learning methods to new Quality employees.

Quality Assurance Auditor II
Synergent Solution, Inc July 2018 to February 2022
As a qualified ASQ-AS9100, 100% commuted and traveled offsite locations, monitored, and tracked preventive and corrective action plans for closure at assigned per clients’ requests, established sample plans, assigned actions, and mitigated non-compliances, maintained professional and technical knowledge by obtaining educational workshops for clients as needed to meet the aerospace quality and Build History Audits requirements.

Sr. Technical Auditor / Project Coordinator
Smart Electronics July 2014 to May 2018
Created policy instructions and production procedures for financial and production departments using Microsoft Office, Visio, gathered and managed purchased data for incoming inspections or MRB for inventory and mitigation and provided incoming Sales Order with project managers, and engineers by direct calls from vendors, interpreted engineering drawings prior to produce and generate paper process planning work instructions, contributed to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.

Electromechanical Inspector/Writer
Pacific Wave Systems, Inc December 2013 to April 2014
Practiced interaction with technicians, and project manager engineers. Supported customed materials, cast bends, machine bends, flex guides that were manufactured in-house. Interpreted engineering drawing prior to produce and generated paper process planning work instructions. Obtained handwritten Bill of Materials as needed. Reviewed and analyzed engineering blueprints, process specifications, shop travelers and manufacturing planning documents to determine nature, extended of engineering requirements and reported errors and redlines to project manager engineers. Used process control documentations, inspection plans, and prescribed specification to inspect in-process and completed components, subassemblies, and assemblies visually and dimensionally. Utilized various measuring devices such as calipers, micrometers, thickness gages, height gages, shore A&D hardness gages, and electronic measuring devices. Worked from processed documents, customer specifications, drawings or inspection instructions and checklists. Monitored and verified quality in accordance with statistical process and control procedures. Performed line inspections after critical operations to ensure all materials, components, and assemblies were acceptable.

Jr. Mechanical Engineer II / Technical Writer
Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems July 2009 to November 2013
Programs supported: James Webb Space Telescope, P982 flights, and Advance EHF flight systems. Practiced interaction with technicians, engineers, project manager engineers and customers. Produced plan flow-diagrams. Linked approved material Bills of Materials that met production requirements prior to maintaining process planning work instructions. Generated new and re-generated shop aid documentations by request from engineers/customers. Supported with the customer's demands and generated small to large assembly instructions and executed the task before deadlines. Contributed to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.

Mechanical Engineer Editor/ Quality Control Auditor
Raytheon Space and Airborne Systems January 2007 to July 2009
Programs supported: F/A 18, Missile GAINS, chipsets, SAASM, VIIRS.
Generated and Supported quality Mission Assurance lead auditing and AS9100 Quality Management Group, supported ASQ Lead Quality Auditor, Build History Audits, reviewed, modified, and released electrical required documents to customers and analyzed the results, experience using Cause and Corrective Action tools, interpreted Engineering drawings and documents to create Bill of Materials, created and implemented new assembly production aids and fixtures, monitored and tracked preventive and corrective actions, reported Corrective Action results, basic troubleshooting of vacuum chambers. followed Quality Assurance and surveillance scopes, established sampling plans, assigned actions and mitigated non-compliances, supported Build History Records audits, electro Optic and infrared surveillance Radar Systems, Laser Tracking, obtained training for functional managers to reduce frequency of defect occurrences in Build History Records, generated plan-flows and assigned routers to mitigate process flows.

Education
AutoCad Drafting and Electronic Fabrication
El Camino College - Lawndale, CA
1997 to 1999
Mechanical Design Engineering
Santa Ana College - Santa Ana, CA
2013 to 2015
B.S. in Media Arts & Animation
Art Institute of California - San Diego, CA
2003 to 2006

Skills
CAD/ Mechanical Design/ Pro-Engineering/3D-Solidworks
Drafting/ GD&T/Electromechanical/AS9100/ASQ/ISO9001/ISO-ANSI/ Mil-STD/Special Processing Industry/Standards/Quality Records Maintenance/Build History Record/Purchase Order/Inventory/Shortage Follow-ups/PDM system/Manex/
Manufacturing/Management/Training/Routing/MRB
Quality Inspection/Auditing/Assurance/SAP/IPC620/ Knowledge of Calibration Systems/Continues Improvement Tools/Fluent with Microsoft Office/metrology instruments/Measurement System Gage R&R/various micrometers/Height Gages/Gage pins/ digital/dial calipers/dial indicators/Jigs/precision Tables/Microscopes/optical comparators/automated measuring system (Hexagon) with portable arm/laser trackers
Contact this candidate