Neha Handa
Deer Park, NY ***** ad25bh@r.postjobfree.com 929-***-****
Career Summary: A highly organized, and project focused, individual with over 6 years of work experience in a pharmaceutical and Law firms on different positions includes Technical writer, Supervisor and Paralegal. My flexible set of skills is adaptable to stay ahead of the competition in a fast-paced technology and information driven marketplace. I pride myself on contributing to the business in a task-oriented teamwork environment that produces high quality that organizations expect and demand.
EDUCATION
Harrisburg University of Science & Technology
Masters in Project Management (3.89 GPA) Graduated December 2021
West Liberty University Graduated December 2019
MPS in Organizational Leadership (3.76 GPA)
EXPERIENCE
Ascent Pharmaceuticals August 2021- Present
Technical Writer/Supervisor
Coordinate’s packaging activities with multiple departments to ensure successful execution of the packaging schedule
Always ensure cGMP and compliance during packaging activity.
Accomplished technical writer for documenting project details
Ability to prepare batch record & complete the batch production records under good packaging practices
Skills.
Working on trace link serialization and manage the Recipes and provisioning for required products.
Follow and adjust master packaging department schedule as needed.
Resolve day-to-day or routine packaging problems using defined processes.
Create packaging department schedules and planning to ensure that all packaging is performed and completed in a timely fashion.
Attention to detail, good organization and interpersonal skills, and problem-solving skills.
Administered training to new employees with strong teamwork, interpersonal skills and a mature work attitude and good judgement under tight schedules and deadlines

Law Offices of Dalbir Singh & Associates December 2018-August 2021
Paralegal
Conducting file reviews to ensure compliance with prevailing rules of governmental agencies
Preparing case file records to be transmitted to other offices and attorneys involved in process
Responsible for filing citizenship and adjustment of status cases in an expeditious manner
Specializing in cases regarding asylum and special immigration juvenile petitions
Preparing and submitted statistical, compliance, and clerical reports to lead attorney
Assisting in drafting documents such as chronologies, witness statements, and court orders
Scanning documents and letters on a daily basis to be stored in firm’s case management system
Reviewing client applications for accuracy, correctness, and proper form and format
Preparing responses to applicants requesting additional information to assist in their case
Involving actively in writing of motions and briefs in support of respective applications
Administering system to properly document incoming paperwork associated with case files

SKILLS
Accounting, Data Entry, People oriented, Strong Organizational Skills, Multitasking, Detail Oriented Quality Management.
Fluent in English, Hindi, and Punjabi
Contact this candidate