Rosetta Benton
Wylie, Texas *****
214-***-****
E-mail: ad2a0c@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL STATEMENT
Focused and dependable professional with extensive experience eager to work with a reputable company to use previous training and skills within the organization.
QUALIFICATIONS
Proficient in verbal communication, writing and editing
Skilled at interviewing subject matter experts to perform needs assessment and performance analysis
Worked effectively individually and as part of a team
Over fifteen years of experience with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Teams, and Outlook)
EMPLOYMENT
July 2022 – July 2023
Communications Specialist, Apex Systems, Inc.
Collaborated with the patient communications team to draft and send letters to patients.
Interviewed doctors and patients, developed informative health articles and patient testimonials.
August 2018 – June 2021
Learning and Development Specialist, Health Care Service Corporation
Developed learner guides, participant guides, job aids and other performance support tools. Major projects: Medical Director Peer-to-Peer Review and Motivational Interviewing
Applied basic project management principles and practices.
Uploaded and published e-Learning courses, enrolled attendees, and generated reports using SumTotal LMS.
November 2015 –May 2018
Curriculum Developer, Fairway Independent Mortgage Corporation
Used Microsoft Office to develop quick reference guides, user guides and other performance support materials that described how to use the Ellie Mae Encompass application.
Uploaded and published e-Learning courses and enrolled attendees using SumTotal LMS.
October 2014 to April 2015
Business Writer, Moneygram International
Developed instructor-led training for new application.
Led train-the-trainer sessions for instructor-led training.
Revised self-study materials.
July – October 2014
Instructional Designer, FedEx Office
Developed PowerPoint presentation to report the results of focus group studies.
Analyzed focus group data to develop gap analysis for newly hired sales executives.
Revised new hire curriculum for the sales team.

December 2013 – June 2014
Training Specialist, Goodman Networks
Converted instructor-led training to e-Learning.
Developed construction manager, project manager and management instructor-led training.
Maintained course and learner records, generated reports with SumTotal learning management system.
Performed administrative tasks using the Cornerstone talent management system.
Documented procedures for using Cornerstone.
February 2013 – October 2013
Documentation Specialist, Innovative Business Software
Maintained online Help system with RoboHelp.
Used Microsoft Office to create training documents.
Developed online demonstration videos with Camtasia.
Performed software testing.
Updated company website.
November 2010 – April 2011
Training Specialist, Bexar Information Technology
Observed county employees process court documents and analyzed their work processes to promote effective use of the new computer system.
Developed technical documentation for the county’s legacy and new computer systems.
Performed Quality Assurance testing and retraining.
EDUCATION
Business and marketing courses at Collin County Community College in Plano, Texas
Bachelor’s degree in English and Liberal Arts Honors, University of Texas at Austin (graduated magna cum laude)
Contact this candidate