LINDA L. NASH

Address: Arlington, TX *****
Phone: 214-***-**** - Email: ad2ecs@r.postjobfree.com
Security Clearance: Top Secret
Professional Summary
Meticulous senior technical writer with extensive experience in writing and editing technical documents. Configuration Management (CMIIC) certified with several years of Aerospace industry experience who is skilled in creating high-quality, accurate, and informative technical documents for a variety of audiences, from end-users to technical specialists. Expertise in developing detailed technical documents, process and procedure documents, training materials, policy documents, and user manuals. Experienced in working with engineers, product/project managers, and other stakeholders to ensure that the content meets the needs of the project. Energetic and self-starting with the ability to work independently as well as in a cross-functional team environment to consistently achieve objectives.
Experience
Senior Technical Writer
July 2023 to October 2023
General Electric/Hitachi
Provides technical writing support, updates new and existing assigned documentation.
Ensures project deliverables are executed on time with high quality and within budget.
Works with industry and customer standards to develop quality and user-friendly formats and templates for current and future publications.
Edits and manages technical documentation in support of business products.
Creates documentation that is complete, accurate, and timely.
Collaborates with subject matter experts in the creation and implementation of documentation.
Collects, analyzes, and compiles information from various resources, for use in creation or editing of procedures, reports, and documents.
Manages review and approval of documents including comment resolution.
Develops documents that are organized, compliant, and meets internal and external deadlines.
Edits documents for consistency, clarity, grammar, syntax, format, and compliance with customer and regulatory requirements.
Process engineering changes through appropriate data management systems.
Updates project schedules as needed.
Perform requirements traceability and publishing, as required.
Logistics Information Systems Specialist/Technical Data Designer/Technical Writer
June 2022 to June 2023
Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS) - Richardson, TX US
Develops Logistics Support Analysis relevant to maintainability, reliability, testability, and to optimize life cycle cost-define all required resources to support Product in its intended use during in-service operation.
Collects, researches and analyzes source data and validates source data based on predefined and developed assumptions.
Supports physical configuration audits on newly installed systems.
Review, write and/or edit Technical Publications for Training Systems Production
Develops Initial Spares Kit List (ISKL) utilizing Bills of Material and drawing packages in accordance with MIL-STD-1388.2 Rev. B (replaced with SAE GEIA-STD-0007)
Conducts validation/verification review of system technical documentation as directed.
Monitors design changes. Attend Engineering Review Boards (ERB) to evaluate, assign, and prioritize new Engineering Change Requests
Prepared DD250's for contract deliverables of Boeing Special Projects spares. Maintained spares database for CLIN CDRLs/SDRLs.
Prepared DD1149's for CLIN contract spares for transfer between Boeing contractor sites
Maintained ISKL source control drawings using Teamcenter.
Cyber Intelligence Specialist
April 2021 to June 2022
L3 Harris Corporation - Plano, TX
Maintains Cybersecurity SharePoint for customer compliance and deliverables.
Maintains email groups for communication and requirements distribution.
Provides Cybersecurity customer service to Internal Customers
Assists in the development of Internal Customer training.
Reviews and edits internally created Cybersecurity documentation
Analyzes documents to maintain continuity of style of content.
Produce electronic documentation in addition to hard copy manuals and revisions to technical documents.
Facilitated communication between numerous government departments to coordinate efforts related to counterintelligence activities.
Senior Technical Writer/Editor
November 2020 to April 2021
L3 Harris Corporation - Plano, TX
Creates technical documents and technical proposal development.
Explains complex information in a clear and concise manner and works with engineering and program management staff to ensure accuracy of product descriptions for technical radar and sensors products and systems to support the vital missions of our warfighters.
Plan, develop, organize, write and/or edit contract deliverable and internal documents in accordance with MIL-STD specifications.
Plan, develop, organize, write and/or edit technical and cost proposals.
Research, develop and document technical design specifications.
Experience with software development methodologies, contributing to content plans that include user stories and sprint meetings.
Produce electronic documentation in addition to hard copy manuals.
Maintains a comprehensive library of technical documentation.
Analyzes documents to maintain continuity of style of content.
Configuration management updates and revisions to technical documents
Senior Cyber Technical Writer
July 2020 to November 2020
Lockheed Martin - White Settlement, TX
Developed robust security artifacts, supporting documentation, and related tools to enable submittal and ultimate accreditation of products via the Risk Managed Framework (RMF) process.
Created product level documentation including Software Version Description (SVD), Software/Hardware Baselines, System Version Descriptions, and System/User Manuals.
Attention to detail.
Provide technical and editorial document review and written feedback and expert opinion on draft cyber/infrastructure security information documents.
Analyzes requirements, creates source material, consulted engineering and technical staff, and work with editors, illustrators, and other team members to prepare documentation.
Senior Principal Cyber Technical Writer
November 2019 to June 2020
Northrop Grumman Corporation
Hired for the position. But experienced a employment gap due to awaiting EOD clearance, TS reinvestigation and SCI required for this position.
Senior Technical Writer- Business Development(Corporate)
May 2019 to October 2019
Silotech Group Inc. - Ft. Meade, MD
Edits and formats technical documents, standard operating procedures, and policies
Analyzes requirements, create source material, consult engineering and technical staff, and work with editors, illustrators, and other team members to prepare documentation.
Manages and integrates other writers' work products, ensuring proposal compliance and uniformity.
Improve the readability and clarity of text by using active voice and concise language and minimizing jargon.
Ensures adherence to specifications and participates in the clients review of technical documents.
Collects and documents information from technical personnel, subject matter experts, project managers and others through in-person interviews, written Q&A formats, and independent research.
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
March 2018 to May 2019
Silotech Group Inc. - Ft. Meade, MD
Assist in collecting and organizing information required for preparation of documents, training materials, guides, proposals, and reports supporting DoD regulations, National Background Investigation System Program Management office and DISA_JFHQ/DODIN programs.
Provide technical edits to engineering documentation, software documentation, manuals, reports, or any other documents or presentations for DoD Army regulations to include Risk Management Framework (RMF).
Experience with eliciting and documenting requirements into Use Cases.
Experienced in Configuration Management of DoD systems and DISA_JFHQ/DODIN programs.
Experienced using Source Code Repositories and automated control programs (e.g., GIT, ForgeSCMC and Subversion).
Prepared, maintained and implemented Technical Architecture Descriptions (TAD), Tactics, Techniques and Procedures documents (TTPs) Engineering Design Specifications (EDS), Interface Control Documents (ICDs) and Users Instruction Manuals.
Experienced with task / workflow management (e.g., Project Forge and Visio).
Experience in documenting the software development cycle in a cleared environment.
Utilize strong writing, editing, and communication skills to analyze and present complex information.
Recommend and develop diagrams, charts, and graphs that increase the user's understanding.
Possesses a thorough understanding of the scientific and technical subject matter, documentation content, and requirements.
Author Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs), Security-focused configuration management (SecCM) plans and other documentation to maintain a solid knowledge base.
Configuration Manager/Technical Writer (Contract)
October 2016 to March 2018
CSRA, Inc. - Ft. Meade, MD
Updated and prepared Configuration Management (CM) Plans and audited software change procedures, software testing, and software documentation to verify compliance with software CM plans and procedures.
Author Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs), Security-focused configuration management (SecCM) plans and other documentation to maintain a solid knowledge base.
Experienced in Configuration Management of DoD systems and DISA_JFHQ/DODIN programs.
Used Source Code Repositories and automated control programs (e.g., GIT, ForgeSCMC and Subversion).
Experienced with task / workflow management (e.g., Project Forge and Visio),
Participated in design reviews, configuration audits, and evaluations of software products to ensure proper identification, control, and status accounting of the software baseline for each system.
Prepared, maintained and implemented Technical Architecture Descriptions (TAD), Tactics, Techniques and Procedures documents (TTPs) Engineering Design Specifications (EDS), Interface Control Documents (ICDs) and Users Instruction Manuals.
Developed templates for migrating documents and requirements with IBM's Rational DOORS Next Generation.
Experience with eliciting and documenting requirements into Use Cases and documented the software development cycle in a cleared environment.
Assisted the Lead Software Engineer in developing templates and automated processes to migrate, generate, and publish Military Standards (MIL-STD) documents and Tactical Data Links (TDL).
Collaborated with the development team to produce end-user documentation, system records, and any other required documentation as part of the contract's deliverables.
IT Quality Assurance Analyst/Technical Writer (Contract)
July 2016 to October 2016
Credence LLC - Ft. Meade, MD
Reviewed functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of individual deliverables.
Clear communicator (written and verbal) – responsible for writing and editing project documentation.
Updated revisions to DoD technical and programmatic documentation.
Conducted interviews with various users and technical staff to gather data for documentation.
Created, maintained and published technical documentation.
Prepared and edited user guides, system specifications, installation guides, white papers, training materials and reports.
Translated technical information into clear concise readable documents for non-technical users
Experience with DoD software requirements documentation.
Developed, documented, maintained functional test cases and test artifacts that include test data, data validation, harness scripts and automated scripts.
Identified any potential quality issues per defined process and escalate quality issues immediately to management.
Ensured that validated deliverables meet functional and design specifications and requirements.
Technical Writer/Configuration MGMT (Contract)
November 2014 to June 2016
NOVA Corporation - Ft. Meade, MD
Responsible for planning, writing, and editing operational, instructional, maintenance, and test procedures for paper, multimedia, and web-based publications.
Researched and translated technical information into manuals and web-based documents for non-technical and technical users.
Experience in updating revisions to DoD DISA_JFHQ/DODIN technical and programmatic documentation.
Conducted interviews with various users and technical staff to gather data for documentation.
Experience with DoD software requirements documentation.
Maintained, updated and developed resources, for repositories such as SharePoint.
Participated in the development of security policies.
Monitored agency compliance with infrastructure protection requirements across IT programs.
Documented compliance with security controls.
Worked with clients and vendors to gather requirements for user manuals.
Technical Writer/Configuration MGMT (Contract)
February 2014 to October 2014
ActioNet - Germantown, MD
Managed and maintained STIGs and baseline configurations for routers, switches, firewalls, Windows servers, Linux servers, UNIX servers, and SQL databases with the U.S Department of Energy.
Managed baseline configurations, documents information technology environments, analyzes multiple hardware and software configurations, manages and maintains a configuration management database, and patching multiple hardware and software environments.
Documented and maintained configuration of all Information Technology infrastructure components in their as-is and to-be states.
Audited, reviewed and adjusted current patching process and procedures.
Tracked and monitored deviations and requests for deviations to baseline configurations.
Developed workflow behind vulnerability management process.
Managed communication between IT Operations teams and customers regarding security policy compliance.
Reported on overall health status of environment on a weekly, monthly and ad hoc basis.
Maintained and updated vulnerability management database
Edited documents (publications, presentations, and proposals) online and in hard copy form as necessary, using standard proofreading markup.
Ensured adherence to prescribed style and formatting.
Wrote/Edited sections of documents and organized content.
Technical Writer/Configuration MGMT (Contract)
April 2009 to December 2013
ASRC Research and Technology Solutions - NASA/GSFC - MD
Chairs change control board meetings and by coordinating activities related to the processing and preparation of Engineering Change Notices/Proposals, drawings, deviations, and waivers.
Maintained management of the Management Information Systems (MIS) and coordinated the release of program documentation to ensure that Configuration/Data Management (CM/DM) requirements are satisfied.
Identified the plans and procedures to be used and the data to be delivered within the framework of overall operational organization and program schedules.
Developed outlines and drafts for review and approval by technical specialists and project management.
Ensured that final documents meet applicable contract requirements and regulations.
Researched and gathered technical and background information for inclusion in project documentation and deliverables.
Provided configuration, data, engineering data management, and deficiency reporting requirement.
Wrote and edited a range of documents, including user guides and manuals, technical specifications, training materials and support documentation.
Researched, evaluated and recommended new documentation tools and methods in support of documentation improvement efforts.
Ensured that technical documentation in the form of specifications, Interface Control Documents, Acceptance Test Procedures and engineering drawings are functional, allocated, and meet product baselines.
Reviewed drawings, specifications, mockups, and operating procedures to integrate and elevate to the next revision level.
Technical Writer/Configuration MGMT (Contract)
February 2007 to April 2009
SGT-Inc., NASA/GSFC - MD
Provides support in the areas of configuration management and engineering data management using the management information system to ensure that engineering change notices/proposals, deviations, waivers, drawings, drawing change orders, and drawing revisions are properly managed, and addressed.
Edit documents (publications, presentations, and proposals) online and in hard copy form as necessary, using standard proofreading markup.
Ensure adherence to prescribed style and formatting. Write/rewrite sections of documents and organize content. Reduce text. Query authors for clarifications. Interface with clients, electronic publishers, graphic artists, and printing staff.
Liaise with Project Manager, System Engineering, and end users to develop documentation standards, procedures, and guidelines.
Develop plans to accomplish work in deadline-driven environment.
Coordinates the release of program documentation to ensure that Configuration/Data Management (CM/DM) requirements are satisfied.
Performs configuration, data, engineering data, and deficiency report management tasks.
Adjust copy as necessary and proofread for grammar and spelling.
Material Management & Administrative Coordinator
June 2000 to January 2007
Swales Aerospace - Beltsville, MD
Coordinated all facility requests and office moves.
Worked with managers to maintain strategic planning financial worksheet.
Prepared and submitted purchase requisitions.
Processed security Request for Access forms.
Resolved discrepancies with accounting regarding invoices, packing slips, and receiver reports.
Oversaw the supplying of materials to fabrication and stages material for assembly.
Automated Logistics Specialist
August 1993 to May 2000
United States Army
Collaborated with stakeholders to identify areas of improvement in the supply chain process flow.
Utilized Six Sigma methodology to develop strategies for improving accuracy in order fulfillment processes.
Provided support and troubleshooting assistance for automated logistics systems and related hardware components.
Ensure that inventory and location surveys are performed in accordance with established procedures.
Retrieves and analyzes history and activity files pertinent to system rejected documents. Recommend additions and deletions to authorized stockage list. Maintain accounting records of property disposal activity.
Review requests for major and controlled items. Reconcile activity records for monthly and quarterly reporting and status reviews.
Performed management of stock record/warehouse functions pertaining to receipt, storage, distribution, issue, maintained equipment records and parts.
Established and maintained automated and manual accounting records, posts receipts and turn-ins, and performs dues-ins and dues-outs accounting.
Corrects error and exception documents. Reviews and verifies quantities received against bills of lading, contracts, purchase requests, and shipping documents. Unloads, unpacks, visually inspects, counts, segregates, palletizes, and stores incoming supplies and equipment.
Education
Certification : Configuration Management, September 2008
Arizona State University - Tempe, AZ,
Relevant Coursework
Institute of Configuration Management Ira A. Fulton School of Engineering and UT Center for Executive Education

Bachelor of Science (B.S.) : Information Systems Management, May 2008
University of Maryland-University College - Largo, MD,
Diploma : Project Management for IT Professionals, May 2007
University of Maryland-University College - Largo, MD,
Skills
Reading Comprehension
Team Meetings
Adobe FrameMaker
Technical Research
Project Requirements
Technical Specifications
Creative Cloud
Audience Adaptation
Grammatical Skills
Materials Research
Active Listening
Technical Implementation
Project Scopes
Completing Research
MS Office Proficiency
Technical Analysis
Critical Thinking
Technical Drafting
Planning Processes
Technical Document Reading
Support Documentation Management
Style Guides
Microsoft CRM
Gathering Requirements
Team Support
Writing and Editing
User Documentation Production
Atlassian JIRA
Template Designs
User Guide Creation
Standard Operating Procedures Proficient
PDF Design
Technical Diagrams
Security Standards
Editing
Contact this candidate