Name: Veena
PHONE: 512-***-****
email:ad2git@r.postjobfree.com
Address - Leander, Texas

Professional Summary

A senior technical writer with Software engineering background with 8+ years of progressive work experience in technical documentation, business process analysis, design and training.
Have been responsible for preparation of a wide variety of technical, end-user and project documents. These include user manuals, operation manuals, online-help, training materials, requirements, design documents, quick-reference guides and work plans.
Participating and Managing documentation projects, especially authoring, editing, reviewing and producing end user content, online help, implementation and operations documents, reference guides, strategy brochures, release notes, data sheets, product overviews and training tutorials.
Experience in working with subject- matter experts to gather information, identify relevant data and audiences.
Experience in writing user-stories which are used in scrum meetings.
Designed template based info-graphics for a clear data visualization.
Participating in all phases of the software development life cycle, especially working with clients and technical groups to devise release process models and project plans, and write functional design and business requirements documents.
Good knowledge on various Research methodologies and have ability to describe various processes in concise and professional manner.
Have experience in writing research proposals, research articles and blogs.
Strong knowledge in SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle), STLC (Software Testing Life Cycle), and Experience in writing, executing Test cases and Test Plans.
Good understanding of the entire software development chain, from a business management perspective to technical management and the development perspectives.
Ability to effectively and professionally interact with people at all levels of management.
Effective leadership skills with good written, verbal communication and presentation skills.
Coordinated with Developers, Testers, Project experts and Support team for new requirements, latest updates and project related issues.
Possess strong aptitude towards writing, problem analysis, solving, research and development. Good analytical and problem-solving skills, very effective as an individual and as a team player, ability to perform multiple roles.
Worked with off-shore teams and good experience in mentoring and training resources in offshore.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Authoring tools
Adobe Frame Maker 9.0, RoboHelp, Adobe Authorware
Programming Languages
C, Java
Operating Systems
Windows (XP/2000/Vista/7/10)
Applications
SnagIt, SharePoint, Adobe PageMaker, Hyper Snap, Adobe Captivate, PowerPoint, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Outlook, Illustrator, Photoshop
Other tools
JIRA, Acrobat,Confluence, StyleWriter 4, HTML

Strong Knowledge on SDLC, STLC, Software Testing and Agile methodology.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Softwaytek
Austin, TX

Senior Technical Writer Jun’ 22 – Present

TIPS (Third Party Insurance Providing Services)

TIPS (Third Party Insurance Providing Services) is a complete solution for TPA (Third Party Administrator) which allows managing all health insurance data received from the insurance companies for cashless claims settlement. TPA can manage the details of claims intimation, advice customers on network hospitals, approve cashless services and settle claims, and can disburse the claims to the policy holders. All these activities are maintained in this TIPS application. Once the policy is issued, insurance companies/employers send all the records to TPA. TPA maintains the database of the policy holders in the TIPS application. The TPA also issues the identity cards to the policy holders based on the records.

Responsibilities: -

Authored, edited and reviewed User guides, Help docs and release notes of TIPS application.
Created end-user documentation for individual modules of the application.
Designed, created, and produced presentation materials, including process maps, info-based diagrams, displays, online content, for policy holders.
Created and maintained standard documentation templates for unified set of documents.
Designed layouts, use case diagrams, process maps for various claims and insurance policy demonstrations.
Coordinated, conferred and interviewed Developers, SME’s, Testers and Project managers to gather information for various technical documents.
Developed User stories, Test plans and Test cases according to project requirements.
Involved in Unit testing and UAT (User acceptance testing) of TIPS application.
Trained information services team on writing bug descriptions and enhancement requests.
Analyzed and documented Business and Functional requirements of the application.
Responsible for formatting and reviewing several technical documents.
Created multiple templates to be utilized across various departments.

Environment: - Windows XP, Windows 7, SnagIt, Microsoft Visio, JIRA, Adobe Frame maker, Java, MS Word, Illustrator, Microsoft Outlook, and Acrobat.

Atlassian
Austin, TX

Technical Writer Aug’ 16 – Feb’18

Atlassian is an enterprise software company that develops products for software developers, project managers, and content management. It is best known for its issue tracking application, JIRA, and its team collaboration and wiki product, Confluence. Atlassian serves over 60,000 customers globally, including 85 of the Fortune 100. Atlassian products that are highly used in current industry are JIRA Service Desk, JIRA Software, JIRA Core, HipChat, Confluence, Bitbucket, Fisheye and Bamboo.

Responsibilities: -

Authored, edited and reviewed content of tickets related to JIRA Software, JIRA Core, HipChat, JIRA Service Desk and Bitbucket.
Processed pricing, licensing, and installation queries of all Atlassian products.
Involved in editing content in blogs and Q&A forums.
Edited RFI (Request for information) and RFP (Request for product) documents.
Reviewed and edited version control documents of JIRA Software and JIRA Core.

Environment: - Windows 10, StyleWriter 4, Hyper Snap, Snag It, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Confluence, HipChat, Microsoft Visio and Adobe Captivate.

RCS Technologies May 12- Nov 15
India

Technical Writer

Client: Vidal Health

Vidal Health Pvt. Ltd. manages a wide network of Healthcare Service providers comprising of multi-specialty hospitals, nursing homes and diagnostic centers across the country. Our services include cashless hospitalization at our Network hospitals and nursing homes and speedy & direct settlement in case of reimbursement claims. Customers are supported aptly with a comprehensive claim management service. We have a Customer Care Centre to assist customers with their queries round the clock. All these services are pivoted around a unique Health Card which enables the customer to avail the health insurance benefits at our wide network of empanelled service provider network.

Responsibilities: -

Created, edited, and maintained procedural, User and Application documentation.
Maintained training materials and updated documents after each product release.
Designed various architectural and lay out diagrams for training and presentation purposes.
Researched, scripted, and created presentation modules on Network providers and Insurance policies to train new distributors and sales representatives.
Reviewed drafts of product documentation, training materials, and Web content for standard style and consistency without changing technical accuracy.
Evaluated and tested new or modified software programs, verified that programs functioned according to customer requirements. Recommended improvements / corrections to programmers.
Developed testing materials and participated in the testing of software products.
Improved customer satisfaction by acquiring user feedback directly from technical support.
Organized reference and training materials for easy access.

Environment: - Windows XP, Windows 7, SnagIt, Microsoft Visio, JIRA, Adobe Frame maker, Java, MS Word, Illustrator, Microsoft Outlook, PowerPoint and Acrobat.

Citec Engineering Jan ‘08 – Jul ‘10
India

Documentation Engineer / Technical Writer

Citec provides multi-discipline engineering and information management services for the industry. It delivers quality information products, user guides, instructions, plans, training and sales support materials, modular content with collaboration. The target of Information creation team is to provide accurate, concise, standard and reusable documentation to the customer. Services are offered to various disciplines like Marine, Quality, Procurement, Production, Civil, Mechanical, Electrical, Health, Safety and Environment etc.

Responsibilities: -

Documented engineering processes and specifications for several products and documents.
Created, developed and edited requirements documents for Hardware and Software configuration and implementation.
Created and modified Wartsila instruction manuals and Operation manuals using RoboHelp and Microsoft word.
Reviewed and updated existing technical documents for latest revisions.
Involved in Data compilation of station manuals using Wartsila compilation tool (WCT).
Managed documents using integrated data base management system (IDM).
Involved in Digital printing of documents using publishing tool (PM).
Authored content to various new features of an existing product.
Contributed to usability designs, design maps for new product versions.

Environment: - Windows 7, RoboHelp, WCT (Wartsila compilation tool) Microsoft Visio, Adobe Captivate, IDM (Integrated database management system), Agile methodology, Hyper Snap, PM (Publishing manager), Snag It, Microsoft Word and SharePoint.

EDUCATION:

Masters in Software Engineering – JNTU (India) - 2012
Bachelors in Computer Science – JNTU (India) - 2007
Contact this candidate