Cathy Neel Mills
***** ********** **, ********** *****, Ca 92646
cell: 818-***-**** email: ad2hdn@r.postjobfree.com

Career Overview
Professional Senior Human Factors Design Engineer and Technical Writer and Subject Matter Expert with over thirty years of experience. Expert Lead Technical Writer/Editor, Human Factors Engineer/Specialist, and Project Manager. Experience in Instructional Design, and Quality Assurance (QA). Experience with Human Factors Submissions and writing Human Factors Memos. Have participated in and observed several Human Factors Studies and have provided documentation for many of those studies. Well organized and detailed oriented. Works well independently and with a team. Adapts easily to changing requirements, technologies, and project priorities with a positive attitude.

Summary of Skills
Skilled Human Factors Design Engineer for Aerospace and Medical Devices, Hardware, and Software products
Expert technical writer for Medical Device, Hardware, and Software products
Professional in Adobe applications including Adobe Acrobat, FrameMaker, InDesign, and Photoshop
Specialized in Microsoft applications including Word, Excel, Visio, Project, OneNote, and PowerPoint

Professional Experience

Fulltime Employee (FTE)
Medtronic Diabetes, Regulatory Science and Communications
Senior Human Factors Design Engineer, 2022-present
Latest Win: Wrote the Human Factors Executive Summary, Usability, and Readability sections for the 780G BLE 2.0 with Instinct EU MDR submission.
Participated in Human Factors Analysis for the 780G BLE 2.0 with Instinct.
Developing RSC HF CoE to close gap between Regulatory, Human Factors, and Technical Communication activities (e.g., Readability, Usability, HF Memos, Submissions, etc.).
Co-Leading Human Factors Readability Test Assessments project to automate the manual readability calculations, updating DOP114-051 and other applicable documents.
Supporting implementation activity of Human Factors Memos and Study plans as needed.
Fulltime Employee (FTE)
Medtronic Diabetes, Quality Department - Technical Communication team
Senior Technical Writer/Team Lead, 2012-2022
Participate in Human Factors studies to ensure patient and documentation nomenclature and procedures are consistent and aligned.
Lead Writer/Project Manager for business priority projects:
o700 Series pumps, Guardian sensor and transmitters, and Synergy/Simplera/Instinct sensor
o670G Hybrid Closed Loop – received FDA approval in record time of 102 days
o630G Canada – reduced project timeline to provide patients SmartGuard Technology in record time
Developed addendum for Non-Adjunctive use.
Update department Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) and Department Operating Procedures (DOP), and Technical Communication Guidance document.
Mentor and provide training to incoming team members.
Update and maintain Department Style Guide.
Provide Technical Communication department input to Global Style Guide.
Implement use of Standard Technical English for authoring to reduce translations timelines and costs.
Edit documents for 60601 compliance, Simplified Technical English rule adherence, and compliance to style guides.
Winner of 2017 Star of Excellence Award for the 630G Canada Project.

Harris Corporation, Broadcast Communications Division
Senior Technical Writer/Team Lead, 2007-2012
International Tech Pubs Team Lead for the Next Generation Channel project.
Key player in Content Management Solution (CMS) project to determine need, select and evaluate prospective solutions (e.g., AuthorIt, Arbortext, MadCap Flare, FrameMaker), and propose recommended CMS.
Managed Harris Style Guide project producing style guide currently used across several divisions.
Designed, wrote, tested, and published the online help system for all editing products.
Managed multiple software and hardware products from specification development to release collaborating with cross functional team members and assisting SQA by providing bug reports and GUI recommendations.
Gathered source material from design specifications, expert witnesses, interviews with engineers, customer service, and SQA team.
Designed and authored Installation and User Guides, Installation Quick Starts, Quick Reference Cards, Release Notes, MPRs, Service Alerts, artwork for product DVDs, and manual covers.
Collaborated with training to produce Training Manuals and presentations for end users and field engineers.
Developed and implemented Document Control process to track status of deliverables.
Created part numbers and ECOs for documentation team and assisted with BOM development.
BMDP Statistical Software, Inc.
Technical Writer/ Graphical User Interface (GUI) Designer/Project Coordinator, 1993-1995
Wrote and edited user's manuals, specifications, and help systems.
Provided Graphical User Interface (GUI) design, applying Human Factors (HF) principles.
Participated in evaluation and testing of software products.
Contributed to marketing material web pages and demonstrations.
Prepared and presented briefings to management.
Perceptronics, Inc.
Technical Writer/Human Factors Engineer/Assistant Program Manager, 1990-1993
Responsible for technical documentation including operations and maintenance manuals, interface control documents, design data books, requirements analyses, procurement reports, safety assessment reports, acceptance test procedure results, and proposals. Prepared and presented briefings to management and clients. Products documented include the German Leopard II.
Coordinated projects managing up to 10 employees.
TRW
Technical Writer/Human Factors Engineer, 1987-1990
Produced TRW prototypes.
Participated in proposal, specification, and requirements writing.
Monitored Human Machine Interface (HMI) and Human Factors (HF) activities.
Designed screen layouts and launch control center consoles (anthropometrics) for the Minuteman Missile Launch Control Center, and Armored Personnel Vehicle.

Independent Consultant
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A. Inc. and Celerity Associates, LLC.
Quality Assurance Technical Writer/Editor, 2007
Team Member of Celerity Associates responsible for the development and presentation of QA Best Practices, and Gap Analysis deliverables for the Dealer Daily project.
Participated in team reviews, development of As-Is Document, Gap Analysis Document, Work Breakdown Structure, and Outsourcing Project Timeline and Milestones.
Novation Wireless Access Control Systems
Technical Writer/Editor, 2005-2007
Designed and authored User’s Manual and Installation Instructions from start to finish.
Provided Graphical User Interface (GUI) recommendations and software validation.
MedOptions (formally Medscape and HealthCare Communications Group)
Technical Writer/Editor, 1997-2005
Designed, edited, and formatted yearly Symposium Syllabus (Clinical care options).
Produced Symposium Syllabus Style Guide training associates on document development.
Enfish Technology, Inc.
Technical/Marketing Writer, 2002-2003
Designed and developed online help for Enfish Find and Personal workspace software.
Wrote HTML files for Getting Started online marketing material included with Enfish Personal software.
Translated Enfish Personal Getting Started HTML files into PDF.
Soft Touch Inc.
Technical Writer/Editor, 2001-2002
Created and produced EasyWorship Software Manual.
Captured screen shots and wrote required sections.
Provided Graphical User Interface (GUI) recommendations.
KnowledgeTrack Corporation
Technical Writer/Editor, 2001-2002
Reorganized and updated KnowledgeCenter User Reference Guide for web-based portal system capturing screen shots and updating required sections.
Wrote new major sections including Personalizing Graphics, Security and Publishing to KnowledgeCenter, and Creating Communities.
Advanced Hi-Tech Corporation (AHT)
Technical Writer/Editor, 2001
Reorganized, updated, and validated OneRIP User's Manual capturing screen shots and revising Installation sections.
Developed and wrote new sections including Search Engines, and Search Options Preferences.
StarWrap Café (formally It's A Wrap)
Technical Writer/Editor, 2001
Designed, edited, and formatted StarWrap Café Franchise Manual incorporating all forms including Personnel, Training, Maintenance, Recipes, Cleaning, Purchasing, and Inventory.
Sonic Desktop Software
Technical Writer/Editor, 2000
Reorganized, updated, and validated Sonicfire Pro Online User's Manual for SmartSound audio soundtrack software.
Captured screen shots, revised and rewrote HTML files, wrote new sections as required.
Integra Medical
Technical Writer/Editor/Graphical User Interface (GUI) Designer, 1998-2000
Updated the ViperSoft Help System, including the documentation of three new software applications.
Provided Graphical User Interface (GUI) design recommendations and participated in testing of software.
Hitachi-Koki Imaging Solutions, Inc. (formally Dataproducts)
Technical Writer/Editor, 1998-1999
Updated multiple printer user manuals, maintenance manuals, and marketing material for new printer models and change in company name.
Ray Bernard Consulting and Design
Technical Writer, Editor/Graphical User Interface (GUI) Designer, 1998
Responsible for updating the Hubman Help System to incorporate new software functionality.
Provided Graphical User Interface (GUI) design recommendations and participated in testing of software product.
Photo Research, Inc.
Technical Writer/Graphical User Interface (GUI) Designer, 1995-1998
Wrote, edited, and formatted the new user manuals and Help systems for photometric software and hardware products.
Converted old manuals to new format.
Provided Graphical User Interface (GUI) design recommendations and evaluations.
Edited and converted Company Handbook.
Telecom Multimedia Systems, Inc.
Technical Writer/Graphical User Interface (GUI) Designer, 1995-1998
Wrote and edited user manuals and Help systems for multiplexer software and hardware products.
Participated in testing of software products.
Contributed to production of product and company brochures, and web pages.
Walt Disney Pictures and Television
Technical Writer/Editor, 1998
Participated in the Year 2000 Certification documentation for the Creative Affairs application.
Health Process Management, Inc.
Technical Writer/Editor, 1997-1998
Edited and formatted Software User's Manuals (Bem-Cap, Code, Cost Explorer, and Process Explorer).
Participated in validation and testing of manuals with software. Provided bug reports as applicable.

HealthCare Communications Group
Technical Writer/Editor, 1997-1998
Designed, edited, and formatted Symposium Syllabus (Clinical Care Options).
Produced Symposium Syllabus Style Guide training for associates.
Kitti McMeel – Consultant
Technical Writer /Graphical User Interface (GUI) Designer/Instructional Designer, 1995-1998
Edited user's manuals for software products providing Graphical User Interface (GUI) design, recommendations, and evaluations.
Partnered on various contracts (including manuals, help systems, web pages, instructional design, and brochures).
Illusion Engineering
Technical Writer/Editor, 1997
Designed, edited, and formatted the 1997-2001 Company Business Plan Including all text, graphics, tables, and charts.
Learning Systems Sciences
Technical Writer/Instructional Designer, 1997
Created the instructional design for Computer-Based Multimedia Training Courses (for large corporations such as JC Penny) and applied the art of Instructional Technology to the development of these courses.
Statistical Solutions, Inc. (previously SPSS, Inc.)
Technical Writer/Editor/Graphical User Interface (GUI) Designer, 1996-1997
Wrote and edited the user's manual and Help system for the New System Statistical Software package.
Provided Graphical User Interface (GUI) design recommendations and evaluations as necessary.
SPSS, Inc.
Technical Writer/Editor/Graphical User Interface (GUI) Designer, 1995-1996
Edited and formatted the SPSS Diamond User's Manual, including the replacement of all screen shots.

Award
Star of Excellence Winner - MiniMed 630G Canada Core Team. Recognized as an unprecedented result, this project was expected to take ten months and was submitted by regulatory and approved by the FDA in six months.

Office
Chapter Vice President - Society for Technical Communication/San Fernando Valley (STC/SFV).

Education
California State University Northridge, California. M.A., Human Factors/Applied Experimental Psychology (completed course work).
California State University Northridge, California. B.A., Psychology.
Contact this candidate