Chris Harris Phone: 303-***-****
Technical Writer with an extensive background in writing Enterprise level procedures, processes, policies, requirements, and Customer FAQ. Created all levels of documents for 10+ years. Provided access control on all storage sites and versioning control on all documents. Created documents from meetings and flowcharts or any other types of input. Updated, Revised, and Formatted documents daily. Performed a wide variety of high-level duties connected with the management, coordination, and execution of documentation activities. Authored compliance documents for the HIPAA compliance team. Strong ability to handle multiple priorities and tasks. Extensive experience providing accuracy and detail with a focus on the big picture concepts and ideas. Excellent at analyzing, designing, and implementing documentation solutions. Strengths include MS Word, database, and spreadsheet knowledge. Calm, clear, and technically resourceful while providing communication and interpersonal skills requiring interactions with peers, customers, and management.

COMPUTER EXPERTISE
MS Office ClearCase ClearQuest Oracle Sybase MS SQL C C++
Java UNIX PCs Remedy DOORS COTS J2EE SharePoint
Word Excel PowerPoint Visio Access API DTK DITA
Drupal WordPress Adobe FrameMaker CDRL IAM XML API

OPERATING SYSTEMS
Windows XP, Vista, 7, 10
Unix, Solaris

PROFESSIONAL TRAINING
Six Sigma Leadership Earned Value Conflict Resolution
Performance Measurement Project Management Principles of Management Business English
Program Management ISO 9001 CMMI Principles of System Engineering Technical Writing Quality Assurance Coaching
Mentoring SDLC KPI LMS
MWL ILT vILT Agile Delivery

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

City of Aurora (Water Dept) Aurora, CO 07/19 to 12/22
Document / Technical Writer (Contract)
Responsible for creating and managing all project documents including:
Project Charter
Process Narratives
Process Flows
Standard Operation Procedures
Training Process Narrative
Cross-Functional Process
Documentation Table for project
Identification of Hand-Offs documentation Chart
Checklist
Created and Managed the new Information Management Department documentation including:
Information Management policy
Information Management process
Worked with SME’s to research and gather all data for creation and updates to their documentation.

TriZetto/Cognizant, Denver CO 04/13 to 10/18
Sr. Process and Performance Analyst
Duties included documenting software applications, developers' processes, and user instructions which included application programming interface (API) and numerous other interfaces and coding instructions.
Worked within the Agile delivery framework for releases of new software upgrades.
Created Enterprise Software Asset Management Documents for ESAM Team consisting of:
oProcedures
oProcess documentation
Created Enterprise Compliance Documents for the Compliance Team consisting of:
oFAQ document
oCompliance process document
oCompliance Policy
Created Enterprise Software and Hardware Asset Management documentation consisting of:
oAsset Management Policy
oAsset Disposal Policy and procedures
Captured 261 Desk Level Procedures. Updating or Creating the DLP’s as needed.
Created Enterprise documentation for all Business Units within the organization:
oMobile Tools
oAsset Management
oSecurity
oNetworking
oWindows Servers
oStorage
oLinux / Unix build
oVirtual Infrastructure load leveling.
Worked with the Process and Performance team to improve cycle time for deliveries.
Converted processes to company format and completed redlines and updates to the policy, procedure, and run books.
Analyzed processes using metrics and gap analyst to determine how to better the existing process.
Captured, formatted, and completed updates to process documentation.
All documents are captured, stored, and controlled using SharePoint.

TriZetto Inc. Denver CO 09/12 to 04/13
(Contract)
Sr. Tech Writer
Captured and documented 157 Architecture and Engineering high-level design documents for a new project.
Created and maintained 15 User Guides / Run Books for the new project.
Performed technical writing for project creating User Manuals.
Evergreen Research Inc., Denver CO 06/11 to 12/11
(Contract)
Sr. Tech Writer
Captured and documented 1850 software requirements for a new project.
Created and maintained 18 software documents. (SRS, SDS, and PRS)
Performed technical writing for project creating user manual.
Tested 451Graphical User Interface software requirements.
Created a traceability matrix using DOORS for 3 large projects.

Raytheon Systems Company, Denver CO 05/85 to 10/09
Technical Writer
Technical Writer - Wrote technical documents for projects.
oCDRL’s
oFRS
oICD
oPolicy’s
Facilitated cross-functional and cross-team planning sessions to ensure integration of critical path development activities.
Participated in formal change and configuration management processes as a senior technical analyst to ensure adherence to approved processes and to identify cross-product configuration issues for resolution and providing technical support to the various teams involved in developing software solutions.
Planned, developed, implemented Information Technology policies and procedures.
Served as the (SME) subject matter expert and advisor on the Information Technology program management team.
Defined system scope and developed cost estimates for new or modified application systems.
As Department Manager responsible for tracking and managing a staff of 67.
Responsible for staffing budget, scheduling, and customer satisfaction.
Conducted project lessons learned briefings and implementation of results.
Supported audits of the baselines, system tools, and operational files to ensure product integrity and comparison against the appropriate authorizing documentation to ensure compliance with approved procedures.
Generated and published Configuration Management Plan Operating Instruction.
Education
Community College of Aurora, Aurora CO
oAS Computer Programming
oCertificate in Accounting

Regis University, Denver, CO
oBS – Computer Information Systems – In Progress

Duke University / CEG
oBusiness Analyst Certificate

Certifications
Raytheon Corporation
oCertified Six Sigma Specialist
Contact this candidate