Christopher Hansen www.linkedin.com/in/tobyhansen/
ad2pmd@r.postjobfree.com 216-***-**** Principle at Toby Hansen LLC

Technical Writer and Editorial Specialist
Drive On-Time Delivery of Publications
Ensure Smooth & Efficient Departmental Workflow

Meticulous, quality-driven editor with deep experience in the legal publishing field. Highly skilled in coordinating and managing the production process for print and online products. Strong experience in research and translating that research into usable results. Effective team leader adept at delegating tasks to meet strict deadlines for high-profile products, including statute sets and administrative codes. Knowledgeable and proficient in new product launches, database maintenance and updates, process documentation, as well as product scheduling. Adept at combining outstanding editorial talents with large-scale project management. Solid background in multiple editing environments. Expertise includes:
−Technical writing
−Statutes and legislative materials knowledge
−Strong Research Skills
−Training and documentation writing
−Editorial skills
−Managing production process
−Communication with vendors and clients
−Product forecasting and scheduling

Professional Experience

WINTER EQUIPMENT COMPANY, Willoughby, OH
Technical Writer 2021-2022
Worked primarily with the marketing team creating content for marketing materials for various campaigns, and revising and updating old content. In addition, I did research for business development projects, worked with sales, getting to know customers and their needs, and worked on internal documentation, ensuring that it was up-to-date and accurate.
●Wrote ad copy for multiple marketing campaigns for magazines, mailers, online ads, and sample packs
●Wrote all copy for the 2022-2023 product catalog
●Worked with business development to do deep research investigating the plausibility of the company investing into its own powder coating operation
●Did research into finding alternate vendors for their rubber products
●Worked directly with the company president on internal content and documentation of company history

ASM INTERNATIONAL, Novelty, OH 2021
Production Coordinator
Coordinated production of technical journals and magazines within the Content team, collaborating with multiple teams to publish two monthly journals and two quarterly magazines for the Materials and Metallurgical Industry.
●Managed production of content production, managing content through the publication process between editors and designers, providing schedules and layouts
●Coordinated production of journals, managing content between editors, authors, and the publisher
●Worked with journal authors to shepherd studies through the peer-review and approval processes
●Produced and managed monthly mailing lists to subscriber and members
●Worked with sales team to coordinate magazine ads from advertisers

THE FREEDONIA GROUP, Cleveland, OH 2019 - 2020
Industry Analyst
Served as an industry analyst within the Consumer Goods and Packaging team, focused on writing market research reports. Performed research and data analysis in addition to writing and editing market reports primarily for the packaging industry.
●Performed primary research calls with industry participants, collecting data for studies
●Performed secondary research for various studies, particularly regulatory information on single-use plastics and packaging
●Wrote marketing materials for completed projects as tools for sales reps to use
●Analyzed market data to provide clear and accurate analysis of market trends
●Coordinated production of studies with economists, editors and marketing team to provide informative studies that were accurate and on time

THOMSON REUTERS, Cleveland, OH 2011 - 2019
Content Editor (Telecommuting Position)
Served as content editor within Governance, Risk, and Compliance Group. Compiled, wrote, edited, and published regulatory content for financial industry. Wrote, edited, taxonomized and researched notices for publication. Edited content and HTML coding for numerous exchanges and SROs. Uploaded content to web and performed web research to verify content.
●Coordinated user experience testing for data on new content platforms. Shared feedback with IT and performed troubleshooting on data. Partnered with IT team to move content sets to new platform on time, offering clients better, more timely content.
●Collaborated with content team to load legislative and regulatory rulebooks for all 50 states to user platform for clients. These rulebooks went on to become significant revenue generators.
●Managed content for approximately 25 state legislative and regulatory rulebooks. Coordinated updates, ensuring subscribing clients had the most current materials.

SQUIRE, SANDERS & DEMPSEY, Cleveland, OH 2010 - 2011
Marketing Writer
Worked as writer in Marketing and Business Development Group. Wrote new summaries and press releases, in addition to proofing and editing various documents for publication on web. Updated, proofed, and edited attorney bios. Created event notices for speeches and seminars. Edited websites for content. Edited and proofed RFPs for practice and industry groups.
●Partnered with development team to update and combine large amount of materials to reflect new practice upon merger with another firm.
●Trained under lead RFP editors to understand process of issuing RFPs and editing documents to send to clients, generating new business for the firm.

THOMSON REUTERS, Independence, OH
Senior Publishing Specialist 2008 - 2010
Served as lead editor for Indiana pocket parts, an 80-volume product set compiled each year incorporating new legislation into print and online statutes. Managed uploads for online product and created covers for print product. Coordinated editorial work for 10-member team, including review / edits. Partnered with manufacturing to meet production schedule. Wrote prefaces, amendment notes, and other content for statutes publications.
●Coordinated with other teams and management, ensuring sufficient resources to hit publication goals and beat competition in getting new law product to customers.
●Led Nevada legislative team, coordinating acquisition and conversion of data, editorial work, and loading data into online database.
●Forecasted and scheduled over 35 products annually for 2 jurisdictional teams. Coordinated with manufacturing and finance departments, ensuring timely delivery of current material to users and maximizing revenue.
●Participated as member of development team, creating new repository for statutes, performing user testing working with IT to optimize functionality. Created documentation and trained teams on new system, resulting in more efficient production cycle.
●Organized and implemented training of 120-person staff on transitioning production to SAP. Wrote documentation and, along with a colleague, successfully trained staff on new procedures, saving company time and money by streamlining the scheduling process.
●Reduced number of production cycle hand-offs and improved reliability of data by coordinating documentation and training for team members on new process of creating front matter for all team products and leading creation and editing of files for publication.

Additional Experience

Two short employments with Amazon in a warehouse, loading pallets onto trucks and distributing carts to same-day delivery drivers.

30 years of experience in the food service industry as a server and bartender, in both the fine dining and event catering areas.

Volunteer Work

−Wrote articles reporting on Solon High School boys’ cross-country team from 2010 - 2014. These articles were submitted to The Solon Times newspaper and The Solon Sun newspaper and were often published on Cleveland.com.
−Coached rec league soccer and baseball teams for several years.
−Performed fundraising, spoke at meetings, and escorted internationally-adopted children for Family Adoption Services before, during, and after adoption of our daughter.

Education

Coursework, English, Kent State University, Kent, OH
−129 credits toward Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree
−Member of charter class of Sigma Nu Fraternity, Recording Secretary
Contact this candidate