PATRICIA THEWS
Mission Viejo, CA ***** 714-***-**** ad2suc@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Business Analyst / Technical Writer successful at responding to shifting business needs and priorities in systematic and effective way. Well-versed in implementation of operational assessments and conducting functional requirements analysis for businesses of all sizes. Quantitative expert with exceptional speed in analysis of quarterly and annual reports and providing comprehensive syntheses. SKILLS
● AS/400
● Requirements gathering
● ITIL Certified
● SQL
● Interpersonal, Technical
manuals
● Communication skills
● Package Implementations
● Instruction writing
● Technical Support
● Publication
● Promapp
● Jira
● Information Technology
● Insurance
● Adobe FrameMaker
● ISO 9000
● ISO 27001
● Software Design
● Windows
● Organizational
● Policies
● Problem-solving
● Processes
● Project Management
● Salesforce
● Data management
● Disaster Recovery
● Documentation
● Google sheets / docs
● Software Upgrades
● Adobe InDesign
● Microsoft Office
● Business Application Testing
● Delivering Technical Training
● Quality Management
● Technical Reports
● Asana
● HTML
WORK HISTORY
Technical Writer, 06/2023 to 12/2023
Infinite Computer Solutions (Conduent Contractor) – Remote
● Work with the IT End User Service Team to develop a robust Technical Specification for the CXNow environment.
● Work with various teams throughout the organization to update the current policies and procedures for accuracy and consistency.
● Developed a checklist for the auditors to use when conducting annual audits of the organization’s policies and procedures.
● Participated in weekly meetings via Teams for status updates and requirement expectations. Business Analyst / Technical Writer, 08/2022 to 03/2023 OrangePeople LLC (Meta Contractor) – Menlo Park, CA (Remote)
● Work closely with the human resources department and support teams to ensure the quality, discoverability, and accuracy of the content we create and develop.
● Review, design, write, and edit technical and process documentation.
● Work with associates/PMs/business owners to generate documents or revise/update previously published documents, as per tasks.
● Create and maintain standardization of document quality.
● Review, format, and proofread technical procedure documents, provide completed documents.
● Translate complex concepts and solutions into multiple types of documents.
● Create and/or organize material and complete writing assignments according to specified standards regarding order, clarity, conciseness, style, and terminology. Business Analyst / Technical Writer, 07/2021 to 07/2022 APR Consulting (Northrop Grumman Contractor) – Redondo Beach, CA (Remote)
● Research and obtain appropriate information through subject matter expert interviews for tasks.
● Perform writing, editorial, formatting, and proofreading tasks under strict deadlines, in a fast-paced environment.
● Ensure documents are formatted and edited in accordance with the templates and style guide, requested specifications and contractual requirements, including development of any necessary illustrations, photographs, or other graphic representations.
● Ensure final materials clearly and effectively communicate the information and data.
● Analyze existing process content to identify extraneous information and opportunities for improvements or process streamlining.
● Use ISO 27001 to decide which controls are appropriate for protecting the Information Security Management System.
Business Analyst / Technical Writer, 03/2021 to 07/2021 OSI Digital (First American Contractor) – Santa Ana, CA (Remote)
● Define business process requirements, research alternatives, prepare presentations, drive solutions, gain consensus, tests to confirm, and implements solutions for a specific business need.
● Analyzes and gathers customer requirements to develop and implement customized solutions and provide alternative solutions.
● Work with business partners and SMEs, create documentation of business processes, training procedures, and standard operating procedures.
● Generate and create reports, research and analyze data and report trends to management/ business partners.
Technical Writer, 09/2020 to 02/2021
Tek Systems (ADT / I-View Now Contractor) – Las Vegas, NV (Remote)
● Research, write, edit and proofread complex technical data documentation.
● Create, maintain and update manuals, procedures, specifications and other documents.
● Create, maintain and update installation instructions, training materials and similar technical documents.
● Design and establish style guidelines and standards for text, diagrams, charts and illustrations that appropriately meet the needs and style of the business.
● Research, create, deliver and maintain software development documentation.
● Review, revise, modify or edit documents prepared by others.
● Collaborate on project and product plans, budgets, and proposals, to determine necessary. technical writing resource needs and allocations.
● Compile, organize and write online help files to support end-users, clients, dealers and resellers.
● Write technical documents in compliance with the company’s established standards and guidelines.
● Evaluate and recommend revisions to standards and guidelines. Technical Writer, 04/2019 to 03/2020
Tek Systems (AAA Contractor) – Costa Mesa, CA
● Create technical documentation for various projects within Project Management Organization.
● Work with all departments to gather necessary resources to develop robust documentation library.
● Working with various project leads to remediate SQL, TLS 1.2, NTLM v2 and Windows.
● Used Adobe InDesign to create manuals.
● Created User guides for at home call center staff. Technical Writer, 01/2016 to 02/2019
ProtoType Industries, Inc – Mission Viejo, CA
● Wrote technical manuals via electronic authoring system by effectively researching available engineering information such as drawings, design description documents and test specifications.
● Used Adobe InDesign to create maintenance manuals.
● Provides functional and technical guidance to less experienced staff.
● Demonstrates expertise and technical capabilities. Data Control Specialist II, 09/2010 to 12/2015
Esterline Control & Communication System – Rancho Santa Margarita, CA
● Maintain document file system including electronic and hard copy of documents.
● Assist hardware/software configuration with generating of documentation supplied to internal and external customers.
● Analyze, create, and implement process improvements in response to internal and external audit findings.
● Perform tasks associated with processing and implementation of ECN/EO's, including update of controlled databases, documents and notifications of changes.
● Use ISO 9000 for the quality management systems standards. Disaster Recovery Analyst, 01/2006 to 01/2009
The First American Corporation – Santa Ana, CA
● Hired to create, maintain and test Disaster Recovery (DR) plans.
● Ensure Information Technology disaster recovery preparedness by assisting in development and maintenance of DR plans and procedures for Santa Ana IT groups.
● Serve as DR plan administrator – entering plans into corporate repository, ensuring plans are periodically reviewed and updated, and distributing plans to appropriate recovery team members.
● Communicate with customer business units to ensure DR expectations are understood and met. IT Analyst, 01/2005 to 01/2006
Kelly IT (Biosense Webster Inc., A Johnson & Johnson Co, Contractor) – Diamond Bar, CA
● Recruited to spearhead requirements gathering and definition for projects handled by team for other IM business area.
● Ensure proper identification, tracking and management of e-project issues, risks and action items.
● Tasked to develop project plan, test plan and related project management documents as needed and communicate risks to senior management.
● Orchestrate coordination and training efforts.
EDUCATION
MBA: Technology Management University of Phoenix - Tempe, AZ GPA: 3.84
Bachelor of Science: Information Systems
University of Phoenix - Tempe, AZ
GPA: 3.9
Contact this candidate