Howard Wattenberg
Technical Writer
Lancaster, South Carolina 29720
ad2ulw@r.postjobfree.com
803-***-****
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Contract Technical Writer
ABM
October, 2021 to June, 2022
• Standardization and overhaul of IT docs and diagrams, including Citrix Desktop – Accessing and Navigating, System Manual for Citrix Virtual Apps and Desktop Service CVADS.
Reviewed and revised IT Architecture diagrams to correct for size and added Identification boxes.
Contract Technical Writer
Leidos
Maryland
March, 2021 to July, 2021
Editing of Section 508 compliant Documents for federal Medicare and Health Services.
Reviewed and corrected documents for compliance, syntax, grammar and sensibility. Contract Technical Writer
Wells Fargo
Charlotte, N.C.
July 2020 to March, 2021
Migration of documents from Microsoft Word and Sharepoint into OpenText software, which manages content or unstructured data.
Reviewed banking documentation for Operations Documentation Excellence (ODE) group.
Reviewed procedural documentation for legibility and sensibility. Senior Documentation Specialist
NYC Health and Hospitals Corporation
New York, NY
July 2014 to December, 2019
Initially was assigned to do a comprehensive manual on Epic, an enterprise electronic medical record (EMR) system being implemented and rolled out for all NYC Health and Hospital facilities
(10 Hospitals and Satellites). The end result was a five volume manual comprised of a detailed Epic Infrastructure and Apps Overview, a Data Center and Support Team Overview, a Network Operations and Security Overview, Epic Operations Procedures, and an Ancillary Applications Overview.
Worked on documentation for Enterprise Information Technology Services (EITS) by creating and editing documentation for any one of many enterprise level teams including disaster recovery, business systems, change management, and configuration management.
Maintained Sharepoint sites for several EITS teams.
Prepared Visio Diagrams for any of the IT departments that needed documentation help.
Standardized and reformatted SOPs.
Contract Technical Writer
Kawasaki Rail Car
Yonkers, NY
January 2009 to June 2014
Worked for Publications and Training creating and editing technical manuals for the Metro North Railroad M8 Project. The content of these manuals consisted of Theory of Operation, Operating Procedures, Maintenance Procedures, Parts Listing, Troubleshooting Procedures, and Repair/Replace Procedures.
Communicating with third party vendors for railroad car systems and integrating technical content for accuracy and completeness.
Technical Writer
1800Flowers.com
Carle Place, NY
December 2007 to January 2009
IT Dept. working directly for VP of Enterprise Architecture. Created IT and marketing documents for future Roadmap project, in addition to IT newsletter, current and future state architectural technical diagrams of 1800flowers and another eleven brands. In addition, created API programmers guides for developers.
Contract Technical Writer
Mizuho Bank - Jersey City, NJ
October 2007 to December 2007
Created User Guide for internal security software. Contract Technical Writer
Merrill-Lynch - Jersey City, NJ
June 2007 to September 2007
Documents supporting the Global Support Model for ITIL compliance, including Operations Management, Event Management, and Change Management, editing of existing service level agreements (SLA's) and operational level agreements (OLA's), swim lane diagrams for roles and responsibilities.
Contract Technical Writer
Guardian Life - New York, NY, February 2007 to April 2007
Creation of software development templates for Park Avenue Securities BARS (Books and Records) software, various meeting notes, including BARS definition of financial terms document for software developers.
Technical Writer/Trainer
Tadiran Telecommunications - Port Washington, NY
July 2006 to January 2007
Engineering and marketing documentation consisting of engineering notes, technical bulletins for digital and IP business telephone systems, technical trainer, and CBT production for proprietary software, Coral View Designer used for local and remote administration of digital and IP phone systems.
Technical Writer
Tactronics - Westhampton Beach, NY
August 2005 to July 2006
Creating and updating technical and marketing documentation for website and ATP's
(Acceptance Test Procedures) and FATP's (First Article Test Procedures) for mil-spec computer hardware.
Contract Technical Writer
New York Mortgage Co - New York, NY April
2005 to August 2005
Reference manual and help files for Loan Origination Software. Consultant Technical Writer
Canon USA - Lake Success, NY
October 2003 to April 2005
Documentation for IT Help Desk includes Level One Help Desk Manual providing help desk support for agents, and web based FAQ for company intranet. Development Technical Writer
American Home Mortgage - Melville, NY
May 2002 to September 2003
Documentation for Software Development Group including Requirements, Reports, Functional Specifications, API and Test Plans for national mortgage origination company. Software under development is Fiserve Unifi Loan Origination with Progress Database in Windows 2000 environment.
Seasonal Tax Examiner
Internal Revenue Service - New York, NY
February 2002 to May 2002
Processing of Federal Tax Returns.
Consulting Technical Writer
Universal Music Group - New York, NY
January 2001 to June 2001
Documentation for end-users of sales reporting system on mainframe for world-class music publishing group.
Documentation Lead/Trainer
Kiodex Inc. - New York, NY
July 2000 to January 2001
Documentation for proprietary web-based trading/risk management software for the commodities/ derivatives market. Responsibilities include creation of software development documents UI definitions, Business Logic Descriptions, Product Requirements, Functional Specifications, etc., and implementation and administration of version tracking software Visual Sourcesafe for all project documents, taught training sessions on Visual Sourcesafe. Technical Writer
Doubleclick Inc. - New York, NY
January 1999 to June 2000
Internal documentation for proprietary software/hardware Internet advertising solutions company. Creation of all phases of functional specifications, product requirement documents, installation manuals, software specification documents, quality assurance, network configuration and layout drawings for international data centers. Consulting Technical Writer
Parker-Hannifin - Smithtown, NY
April 1998 to January 1999
Diverse technical writing responsibilities for aircraft and flight navigation, including hardware maintenance, and FAA flight scheduling software documentation. Technical Writer
Robotic Vision Systems Inc. - Hauppauge, NY
June 1997 to April 1998
Creation and updating of hardware/software operation and maintenance manuals for laser scanning system of integrated circuits, development of changeover to on-line documentation for field service personnel HTML
Technical Writer
Citron Associates - Farmingdale, NY
January 1997 to June 1997
Writing updates for end-user business and accounting software manuals. Responsibilities include collaboration with developers on design criteria, procedure validation, and configuration management for the purpose of producing a current client-configurable end-user manual. Technical Writer
New Paradigm Software - New York, NY
June 1996 to December 1996
Writing and production of technical documentation for multi-platform messaging software including API front-end GUI manual, methods manual, white papers, training presentations, etc. Responsibilities included collaboration with developers, design criteria, and procedure validation. Initiated in-house documentation review protocol. Technical Writer
Magna-Lab Inc. - New York, NY
July 1993 to June 1996
Writing and production of software and hardware technical manuals for magnetic resonance imaging systems. Specific manuals include user manuals for MRI applications, and maintenance documentation for the complete MRI system.
Technical Writer
Transportable Technology, Inc. - New York, NY
June 1990 to July 1993
Writing and producing maintenance manuals and training maintenance personnel on-site for commercial and military electronics manufacturers. Clients included Grumman Aerospace, Telephonics, Inc., and Union Switch and Signal.
Technical Writer
Miles-Samuelson Inc. - New York, NY
December 1988 to June 1990
Writing technical maintenance manuals for military electronics. Clients included Westinghouse, Sikorsky, and Plessey.
Technical Writer
Fonar Corporation - New York, NY
March 1987 to December 1988
Created maintenance manuals for magnetic resonance imaging system. Updated user guides. Technical Writer
Data Communication Services - New York, NY
August 1986 to February 1987
Created and edited technical manuals for Sikorsky helicopter avionics and airframe. Technical Writer
Taconic Data Trilon Educational – Plainview, New York April 1981 to January 1986
Manuals and curriculum training for the following heavy and light rail transit signaling systems: Baltimore Metro, Miami Metrorail, Seoul Metro, Portland, and Pittsburgh. Manuals for various railroad car systems Communication, HVAC Kawasaki
Education
Digital Electronics
Suburban Technical School - New York, NY
City College of New York – Four Years
Skills
• DOCUMENTATION (10+ years)
• TRAINING (10+ years)
• WORD (10+ years)
• MICROSOFT VISIO (10+ years)
Additional Information
SKILLS: Technical Writing, Training/Instructing, Desktop Publishing, Word Processing/Spreadsheet/ Database (Microsoft Office, Word Perfect Office), Drawing and Graphics Designing (Adobe Photoshop, Paintshop Pro, Microsoft Visio), Windows Authoring (Adobe Acrobat), Web Authoring (Microsoft Frontpage), Video creation and Editing (Cyberlink Power Director, Camtasia, Pinnacle Studio), ability to read electrical/electronic schematics, assembly diagrams, system adminisration (Sharepoint), project planning and scheduling (Microsoft Project), documentation version control, change control and revisioning (Microsoft Sourcesafe), content management (Microsoft Sharepoint, OpenText).
Contact this candidate