QUALIFICATIONS

Over ** years of experience as a senior-level professional writer and editor offering successful, progressively more responsible experience while displaying capabilities and expertise in all media, applications, and content environments. Thorough knowledge of technology and applications complements insights gained while working for and consulting with a wide diversity of industries, institutions, and agencies throughout the private and public sectors. Highly regarded for creating and instituting technical programs and other initiatives to both cut costs and lead to new revenues.

EXPERIENCE
Senior Proposal/Technical Writer/System Designer
Conduent, Remote
Provided technical documentation and content management expertise to the proposal development center to support business development responses to government healthcare and public transportation requests for proposals (RFP).
XEROX Services (Formerly ACS)
Provided expertise in Information Technology Outsourcing (ITO) and Government Healthcare Services (GHS) divisions.
Wrote technical and user documentation to support the State of Tennessee’s Medicaid program (TCMIS).
Participated in the development of an in-house GHS proposal content library using ReqPro traceability.
Developed the content for the Data Reference and Interface sections for Xerox Services’ Health Enterprise Medicaid management information system.
Reviewed and edited Xerox Services’ Health Enterprise Product Delivery Approach document.
Participated in gap analysis, as well as pink, red, and gold team reviews for all RFP response assignments.
Maintained and updated the proposal content library for Xerox Services’ line of business for disaster recovery, business continuity, and continuous availability services for the ITO division.
Provided cost models and slide presentations involving ITO disaster recovery and business continuity solutions for public and private sector RFP pursuits.
Contract Consultant
Insight Enterprises, EquiFax, Ciox Healthcare, E*TRADE, Reed Business Information, Deloitte, RouteMatch Software, L-3 Communications Display Systems, Mansfield Energy, Delta Dental, ITC2, Universal Business Solutions, Inter-Continental Hotels Group, MasterBrand Cabinets, Inc., GE Energy, Aveva NP, United Parcel Service (UPS), Internet Security Systems, Inc., SolutioNet, Construct Atlanta, Cambridge Collectibles, WorldCom, Nortel Networks, CMD Group, Inc.
Provided technical documentation, content management, and data documentation expertise to refresh the data environment, consolidate systems architecture, and create more secure processes.
Provided technical documentation to support corporate-wide RDBMS database governance and technology incident management organizations.
Wrote CSI product data sheets and proprietary specifications for web hosting used for the North American construction market.
Wrote technical documentation for GPS uplinks, vehicle logic units, annunciators, electronic signage, and other equipment used by public transit agencies.
Wrote page specifications for Internet-based user-interactive shipping tools.
Wrote staging documentation and user guides for PMS initiative.
Wrote end-user technical library, quick reference guides, and training materials for ERP project.
Wrote technical documentation library for the first purpose-built integrated platform designed to support the pharmaceutical industry.
Wrote technical documentation and release notes for cloud-based Salesforce HR SaaS platform.
Wrote the technical documentation library to support a suite of software applications to support petroleum-based products and services.
Coordinated critical pathway documentation deliverables for the conversion of analog-based reactor protection and safety systems to the new digital control system.
Wrote fact sheets on existing and new heavy duty gas turbines (HDST) products, as well as maintained on-line static and downloadable content for the HDGT product line.
Wrote the security plans for network servers, including disaster recovery and business continuity, in compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
Wrote the response to the RFP to provide IT support to the enterprise data center at Robins Air Force Base in Warner Robins, Georgia.
Wrote baseline proposal response content for MPLS/Internet deployment pursuits based on Cobit 5 standards.
Wrote the technical requirements, claims management, and disaster recovery responses to the State of Louisiana’s RFP to manage its dental benefits management program.
Updated information security policy and standard documentation to meet NIST 800-53 and HIPAA HiTrust requirements for annual review and external audit.
Wrote online proposal content and business requirements documentation for national and international B2B, institutional, and governmental sales accounts.
Wrote the technical documentation to support wide area network (WAN) installation and provisioning projects, including test plans and procedures, switch integration, and installation procedures for NORSTAR M7310 and M7324 switches.
EDUCATION
Georgia State University, Bachelor of Arts & Sciences
SKILLS
Expertise & Experience: Product Launch • RFPs / RFIs • Documentation • Medicaid • Medicare • SDLC Agile • Scrum • Consulting • Government Contracts • Telecommunications • Confidential Documents
IT Security • CDT • CRM • ERP • Infrastructure • International Business • E-Commerce • Market Intelligence • PMS • Manufacturing • Construction • SaaS • Business Strategy • Test Plans & Procedures MIS • Special Projects • Utilities • Energy • Avionics • O/S • Sarbanes-Oxley • Networks • Public Transit Transportation Salesforce • Pharmaceuticals • HRS • QMS • HIPAA • INFO SEC • HiTrust • NIST • Disaster Recovery • Business Continuity • Continuous Availability Services • MITA • CSI MasterFormat • RDBMS
Technical: MS Office Suite • Adobe Acrobat • Adobe Distiller • FileMaker Pro • DocuShare • Visio • Adobe PhotoDeluxe • Netscape • CAD • SharePoint • Documentum • Sametime • WebEx • Privia • FrameMaker JIRA • CSS • AWS • Confluence • API • Lumira • Cisco • Jabber • DB2 • MSSQL • MySQL • Oracle • Sybase SAP • DITA • SIT • Teams • Snipping Tool • Confluence
Contact this candidate