William Hanks II
Experience
Air Force National Guard January 2008 – Present
Cyber Surety Information Assurance Officer Journeyman
St. Louis, MO
Excels implementation and maintaining the business servers and active directories.
Performed in-depth network tests and stress functions on networks during off hours to improve reliability
Intercard November 2021-Present
Technical Writer
Maryland Heights, MO
Developing high-quality, user-friendly software and application user manuals.
Documented and implemented new workflows and processes, increasing company efficiency.
Maintained and Audited the Knowledge Base system for users and documentation for Audits ISO compliant.
Developing a wide range of documentation, including user guides, software releases, and quick references
Working with all Intercard teams, including management, sales, product development, and engineering
Collaborate with customer service and development team to prepare materials, online tools, demos, etc.
NISC July 2017–April 2020
OMS Support Specialist
Lake St. Louis, MO
Assisted internal and external clients in resolving application errors
Provided after-hours support during times of utility crisis
Created documentation to assist other team members in increasing efficiency
Investigative problem research using known resources and self-taught Oracle SQL
Influenced the development of abilities of the application to serve customers the best
Updated test environments to QA test and updated requirements of features to electrical principles
Ameren October 2016 – June 2017
Security Administrator
St. Louis, MO
Create and manage user profiles to meet company security standards
Maintain inventory of RSA tokens and access to secure systems.
SCCM applications Administer

NCI January 2015 – September 2016
Security Administrator
Scott Air Force Base, IL
Creating, maintaining, and removing users, security groups, distribution groups, Email Accounts, and file shares. For NIPR and SIPR networks on TRANSCOM AD environment.
Skills
System Administration
Active Directory
Help Desk 2&3 Root cause analysis
Network Support
LAN
WAN
Microsoft Windows
Microsoft Office 365
Microsoft Exchange
Microsoft Windows Server
SCCM
Operating Systems
Windows Server 2012 R2
VMWare
Exchange Server
PowerShell
SQL
GIS
Adobe Illustrator
Adobe Photoshop
Agile
Visio
Service Now
Jira
Nuclino
Network monitoring
HIPAA
DNS
TCP/IP
Firewall
DHCP
Education
Keesler AFB, Cyber Secruity, MS
Sheppard AFB, TX, Electrical Mechanical Engineering
Contact this candidate