Resume of Gregory Zsidisin, Page * of *
Gregory Zsidisin
www.LinkedIn.com/in/GregZsidisin
**** **** ******* ** ** #106, Huntsville, AL 35806 * 703-***-**** * ad2yc4@r.postjobfree.com PROFILE
Motivated, personable technical professional with a successful systems engineering, testing, and technical communications employment record. Extensive experience with Aerospace and Defense programs. CITIZENSHIP: US Citizen born in New Jersey.
EDUCATION: BA, Mechanical Engineering, New Jersey Institute of Technology, October 1989 TRAINING: Architecture of Complex Systems, MIT xPro online class, October 2023 SELECTED SKILLS
Propulsion Systems Engineering
Test Planning, Execution
Analysis
Computer Aided Design
Technical Communications
Proposals / Business Plans
Requirements Matrices
Configuration Management
Software Packages:
MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
XML Authoring in VS Code
SOLIDWORKS and CREO
SELECTED EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Senior Engineering Logistics Specialist (direct hire) – Jan 19 to Present Raytheon / RTX Technical Writer (contract position) – Jul 18 to Jan 19 Huntsville, AL Technical documentation on weapon systems, currently fielded and in development.
• Javelin Weapon System (US Army, US Marine Corps): o Operator and maintenance technical manuals for US Army and foreign military customers (FMS). o Reviewing and editing multiple operator and maintenance IETMs (interactive electronic technical manuals) in raw XML for first new release to warfighters in almost a decade. o Developed Javelin Missile procedures for CROWS-J remote weapon station. o Authored International Logistics Support Plan (ILSP) for next-generation Javelin Lightweight Command Launch Unit (LWCLU).
• Evolved SeaSparrow Missile (US Navy):
o SMPDs (Surface Missile Processing Descriptions) and SPIs (Special Processing Instructions). o Engineering configuration research to support documentation. o Created assembly and maintenance illustrations from engineering solid models using PTC Creo viewer and other graphics tools.
o Obtained Raytheon Six Sigma Specialist certification as member of documentation process improvement team.
Propulsion Component Engineer ERC, Inc.
Jul 17 to Mar 18 Huntsville, AL
Engineering support to NASA Marshall Space Flight Center Branch ER33 (Valves, Actuators and Ducts) under Jacobs Engineering ESSSA/ESSCA support contract.
• Lunar Pallet Lander – NASA unmanned lunar payload delivery spacecraft o Propulsion system component sizing
o Component requirements development and specification writing Resume of Gregory Zsidisin, Page 2 of 4
o Managed vendor survey to match existing components with LPL requirements o Participation in larger team discussions of propulsion issues (e.g., thermal issues, surface safing)
• Exploration Upper Stage for Space Launch System
o Participated in team discussions of integration issues of RL-10 engines on EUS. o Recommended solution approaches on solenoid valve thermal and operational issues, including move to latching valves from momentary valves.
Contract Project Engineer Valcor Engineering Corp. Nov 12 to Jul 17 Springfield, NJ
Developed and edited a wide variety of engineering, test and program documentation for two programs.
• Space Launch System Core Stage components (valves, tank pressurization assemblies). o Stress, fracture control / damage tolerance plans, procedures, reports o Acceptance test procedures
o Cleaning and contamination test procedures
o Reliability predictions, FMECAs, hazard analyses o Effectivity Verification Cross Reference Matrices (EVCRMs), production plans o EEE parts plans and lists
o Shop assembly, field installation and maintenance procedures o Multiple smaller SDRL items (e.g., ascent venting and icing reports) o Edited, participated in technical interchange meeting (TIM) presentations with NASA, Boeing o Used SolidWorks to create, manipulate models for illustrations
• CH-53K King Stallion Helicopter components (engine start accumulators, valves) o Qualification report – Created a cohesive narrative for customer-accepted report from a multiple- year qualification effort that had changed hands multiple times, from disparate data sources o Engineering analysis – Provided force margin analyses for solenoid valves Senior Technical Writer DynCorp International
May 12 to Nov 12 Falls Church, VA
Proposal team member for government support services, including OCONUS translation.
• Disseminated RFP requirements for tracking and addressing.
• Authored portions of proposal sections.
Contract Technical Writer Rockwell Collins Simulation and Training Mar 11 to Feb 12 Sterling, VA
PC-based radar simulation systems:
• Authored user procedures, then confirmed them on a PC-based simulator.
• Updated engineering documentation including software ICDs (Interface Control Documents)
• Corrected some existing cut-and-paste content on some radar / navigation concepts Contract Technical Writer Force Protection Inc. (now General Dynamics Land Systems) Feb 10 to Jan 11 Ladson, SC
Developed instructions for field servicing of several MRAP military vehicles.
• Wrote, edited procedures for removal and installation of vehicle key components and systems.
• Worked closely with technicians to perform, confirm and modify procedures. Resume of Gregory Zsidisin, Page 3 of 4
Small Business Development / Proposal Writer Orion Propulsion, Inc. Jul 09 to Dec 09 Huntsville, AL
Small Business Development / Proposal Writer for small rocket propulsion company.
• Sought SBIR / STTR opportunities and managed responses.
• Provided writing and editorial support for presentations and company documentation.
• Contributed concepts for orbital debris remediation, water-cycle orbital propulsion infrastructure Contract Proposal Writer Alliant Techsystems (now Northrop Grumman Innovation Systems) Jul 08 to Nov 08 Elkton, MD
Proposal team member for Standard Missile 3 Block 1B MDACS (Modular Divert and Attitude Control System).
• Primary proposal section: risk assessment and management.
• Copyediting and editorial inputs to entire proposal PowerPoint. Rocket Propulsion Engineer Wickman Spacecraft and Propulsion Co. Nov 06 to May 08 Casper, WY
Performed wide variety of engineering, analysis, technical tasks for small rocket propulsion contractor with USAF study contracts.
• Performed analyses (hand calculations, simulations, finite-element analysis) of proposed systems and components, from sub-scale test articles to entire launch vehicles o Solid rocket motor sizing
o Vehicle structure and mass fraction
o Mechanical stress and heat transfer
o Trajectory and control dynamics
• Wrote and edited SBIR proposal sections for follow-on work Project Engineer, Lead Technical Writer Valcor Engineering Corp. Feb 91 to May 99 Springfield, NJ
Lead technical writer, later project engineer, at a fluid controls manufacturer serving aerospace and nuclear markets.
• As technical writer produced a large variety of engineering documentation and supervised a varying number (up to 6) of other technical writers. Content produced by me and by my team included: o Test procedures and reports – qualification, acceptance, development, qual-by-sim . Qualification typically to MIL-STD-810 and DO-160, in addition to customer requirements Environmental including vibration and shock, thermal and thermal shock, EMC/EMI o Operations and maintenance manuals
o Reliability predictions and FMECAs
o Proposal technical sections and TIM presentation support
• Later as a project engineer:
o Successfully led completion of Valcor Engineering’s stalled F-22 Air Separation Module (ASM) contract work through redesign of key components and personal shepherding of final production work. Last lot of ASMs delivered were the most conformal to customer envelope specifications. o Managed redesign of troubled aircraft APU fuel valve project, which included investigation of new sliding seal materials
o Managed re-qualification / development testing of pressure vessel for EA-6 aircraft canopy actuation, to determine if design qualified to MIL-STD-810B could meet 810E thermal requirements o Designed Valcor’s first single-coil latching solenoid valve. Resume of Gregory Zsidisin, Page 4 of 4
• Took initiatives to create Microsoft Excel databases of products and pedigrees: o Space-qualified product list
o Qualification pedigree lists, to allow searching of historical products for new proposals o Qualification by similarity (qual-by-sim) product candidates for new proposals o Product characterization by a series of performance figures of merit that I created STARTUPS AND VOLUNTEERING
Proposal, Technical Team Member C-Star Aerospace LLC 2010-2014 Merritt Island, FL
Team member for commercial space launch startup, consisting of previous members of DIRECT (see below). Team Member DIRECT
2008-2010 Online distributed team
Member of independent, volunteer team studying alternative replacement architectures for Space Shuttle. Founder AstroExpo.com
2000 to 2003 New York City
Space industry B2B website, providing listings of space-qualified hardware, services and companies to technical professionals. Maintained a space industry news component. President, New York City Chapter National Space Society 1995 to 1997 New York, NY
Following long-term leadership, presided over one of the most active chapters of NSS at that time. Organized space-related activities in and around Manhattan, both public informational meetings and pro-space activist events.
Conference Chair, ISDC 96 National Space Society
May 1993 to May 1996 New York, NY
Hands-on management of a three-year effort to host the NSS annual conference in midtown Manhattan, from initial bid to final conference.
Contact this candidate