cell: 509-***-****
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Possess a Bachelor’s of Arts degree in English with Emphasis in Writing from The University of Washington. Worked as technical editor and/or technical writer since 1990, with over 15 years devoted to developing documents in support of DOE’s mission of environment stewardship at the Hanford Site, including five-plus years’ experience working in Government contracts and contract administration in close coordination with senior management. Skills include the ability to adapt to editorial standard and format guidance, work independently and perform multiple tasks with dynamic priorities, the ability to work with individuals and groups with diverse backgrounds, the ability to correctly and concisely capture complex ideas in writing, excellent verbal and written communications skills, and skill in applying a variety of written style guides, including the Associated Press (AP) Style Guide and The Chicago Manual of Style. Working-level knowledge of DOE’s program practices, policies, and procedures, including meeting deliverable requirements. Hands-on experience with Hanford culture and organizational structure, from transition to environmental cleanup (early 1990s) through current project scope (vitrification plant, waste sampling and cleanup, TPA and corresponding milestones). Current and familiar with Office Suite of Microsoft software, including Outlook, Word, Excel, Powerpoint, and Microsoft 365.
EDUCATION
●cumulative 3.8 GPA
●honor society
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Procedure Writer UDR Consulting (HMIS) 2/2022 – 9/2022
●Wrote operating procedures for new Water Treatment Facility to service entire Hanford Site.

●Coordinated closely with Engineering and Construction SMEs as well as Project Management to produce technically accurate, step-by-step instructions for future operators.

●Trained and certified by Procedure Professional Association (PPA).

●Work closely with DOE and stakeholders to ensure adherence to regulations and requirements of the government, contractors, tribes, and other stakeholders
Student – Innovation
& Design Thinking Columbia Basin College 2019-2020
●Participated in business one-year certificate program called Innovation and Design Thinking, including courses in
oBusiness Law
oProject Management
oGeneral Economics philosophy and practices
oMarketing
oSpecial Projects in Innovation and Design Thinking and Entrepreneurship
Technical Writer/Editor BNL Tech, Inc. 2018-2019
●Worked for CHPRC’s soil and groundwater group to produce sampling plans and supporting scientific documentation. Operated group Sharepoint, coordinating with other technical editors, primary contractors, and DOE in records administration and configuration management, and compiled documents prepared by multiple parties into a single, coherent document.
●Followed DOE policies and procedures regarding information management and clearance processes.

Technical Editor (SME) Corporate Allocation Services 2017-2018
●Contributed as subject matter expert in technical editing for DOE/ORP RFPs, focusing primarily on what would become the CPC Co contract. Worked very closely with other SMEs, acquisition services, and all aspects of contract effort in busy, high-demand, business-sensitive (NDA) environment to succeed in meeting multiple deliverable dates and milestones.
●Coordinated with other technical editors to ensure consistent application of editorial standards and format guidance.
Technical Editor TerraGraphics Environmental Engineering, Inc. 2017
●Edit and format of sampling and analysis plans for Tank Farms A-X (CHPRC).

●Lead editor on regulatory, decision, and compliance deliverables for WSPS
●Compiled documents prepared by multiple parties into single, coherent document.
●Provided analysis to support coherent production of documents
Communications Specialist Benton-Franklin County United Way (volunteer) 2016
●Spearheaded social media effort (migration to Facebook) including page design, layout, and content
Editor Amnet Systems, U.S. Team 2014-2016
Sr Gift Registry Consultant Macy’s, Inc. 2007-2012
Technical Editor Bechtel National, Inc. 2001-2006
●Lead editor of Technical Publications group as integral project document control effort of the design and build of low-level, high-level, and BOF procedures, reports, policies, contracts and contributing editor to writing of Bechtel’s Technical Publications Style Guide
●Contributing editor to BNFL’s Part B-2 contract proposal
●Lead editor on series of Contract Change Proposals during transition from Part B-1 to Part B-2 (vitrification plant)
●Administrative assistant to estimating, planning, scheduling, and all other aspects of consistently meeting DOE deliverables on very tight deadline
OTHER WORK HISTORY

Technical Editor Staveley Instruments 2000-2001
Marketing & Admin Director Cadwell Comm ercial Credit 1996-1997
Copywriter/Account Rep Bettendorf’s Printing & Design 1994-1995
Writer/Editor Shalom United Church of Christ 1993-1994
Technical Writer Westinghouse Hanford Co. 1993-1994
Technical Editor American Appraisal Associates 1989-1991
Contributing Writer The Rocket magazine 1988-1990
Writing samples available upon request.
Contact this candidate