Jesse D. Sokolow
**** ****** *** *, ***. #***, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55408
ad2z3n@r.postjobfree.com
917-***-****

EDUCATION
Wake Forest University
Bachelor of Arts in Communications
Minor in Political Science

Campus Langues
Level B2 French Proficiency

Winston-Salem, NC
May 2012

Paris, France
March 2020-March 2021
EMPLOYMENT AND ACTIVITIES

US Tech Solutions April 2023-December 2023
Senior Communications Consultant
Contractor for Fortune 500 financial client leading eight complex communications projects while following policies and executing procedures.
Partner with other communications and cross-functional teams to ensure consistent language across initiatives to execute plans that increase efficiency and improve customer experience.
Edit and publish corporate communications.
Ensure procedures are executed and mitigate risk by auditing work and documentation of processes to guarantee quality outcomes.

Centers for Disease Control and Prevention January 2022-September 2022
Technical Writer/Editor
Thoroughly edit scientific and medical reports for MMWR Weekly from the time of author submission until the reports go live on MMWR website.
Liaise between reviewers and report authors, as well as CDC subject matter experts and external professionals from health departments, academic institutions, and other affiliations.
Edit reports assigned to co-editors for style and content prior to publication.

University of California, Los Angeles and Berlin Institute of Technology April 2019-Present
Editor/Copyeditor
Aid in the research, editing, and copyediting of various published works, including a 200-page journal submission on regulating devaluation in the German coal phase-out, a 160-page dissertation on post-carbon energy governance in Germany, and an 80-page case study on phasing out fossil fuel infrastructure in Los Angeles County.

Accura Media Group August 2012-January 2020
Associate Editor
●Write factual and detailed articles about travel and automobile industry news, as well as political and world events, for Accura Media Group publications Frequent Business Traveler, Executive Road Warrior, and The Green Car Driver (between 14 and 40 articles per week).
●Copyedit approximately 30 stories/features/articles per week.
News and Technology Editor
●Travel to numerous domestic and foreign destinations for purposes of feature articles while meeting and interviewing property managers and airline executives.
●Receive, test, and review various technological and practical products and devices (security cameras, smartphones, laptops, etc.)
●Operate and manage news release database.
●Thoroughly edit articles prior to publication.
Assistant Editor
●Publish articles through proficient use of WordPress with image selection and tags.
●Oversee employees and interns, by assigning articles and features to write.
●Manage social media aspect of all three publications through frequent and knowledgeable use of Hootsuite, Twitter, and Facebook.

Author/Ghostwriter Los Angeles
July 2017-March 2019
●Wrote book, entitled Jung and Islam: Two Pilgrims Leading to the Soul, for noted author and Jungian scholar Radmila Moacanin (book is currently published and for sale online and in stores).
●Conducted extensive research pertaining to the religion of Islam and the life of Carl Jung, as well as his psychological concepts and ideologies.
●Edited and copyedited the work in its entirety both during production and upon completion.

Pataskity Publishing Co. May 2021-December 2021
Literary Agent
Work closely with authors to edit and perfect their work(s) and prepare for publication.
Ghostwrite prospective authors’ works from base ideas and outlines.
Market and advertise material online and in person through social media and networking.

Information Overload Research Group August 2012-March 2016
Moderator
●Collect detailed articles about the contemporary phenomenon of information overload for publication on website.
●Respond to and moderate user comments and questions.

NCAA Division I Soccer, Wake Forest University

●Effectively managed time through devoting over 20 hours per week to athletics while carrying full scholastic course load
●Competed in 2008 and 2009 NCAA Men’s Final Four soccer tournaments

COMPUTER SKILLS
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access), Adobe Photoshop, Twitter, Hootsuite, Facebook, WordPress, Lotus Notes, SharePoint
Contact this candidate