Hiring Manager, January **, ****
I’m applying for the position of Technical Writer.
I’m the perfect candidate for this job!
I have extensive experience over a wide range of products from small machines, robotic equipment, on up to large assembly lines, in Fortune 500 companies such as 3M, General Mills, Honeywell, Graco and others. My resume will demonstrate my varied background in electrical/mechanical equipment including robotic equipment.
I live in Ruskin, Florida a short distance from Tampa. I'm looking for remote or on-site/off-site mix projects. I'm experienced in working remotely with great success. I have produced many complicated assembly line manuals for General Mills and other companies without ever seeing the actual machine or assembly line, totally working off drawings, schematics, and conversations with SME's. My portfolio and experience run deep. I have many PDF examples I could send you. My Dale Carnegie Public Speaking Course background has taught me how to work with people at all levels. I’m extremely organized. And above all, I understand the meaning of a deadline date. I have strong skills with Adobe Products including InDesign, FrameMaker, Illustrator, Photoshop and Acrobat.
I have strong skills in Microsoft Office products, including, Word, Power Point and Excel. I also have SolidWorks viewer. Which allows me to create individual drawings for manuals. You can count on me to complete projects with little supervision. But, at the same time, I understand the importance of frequently reviewing work with the SME’s to double check manual accuracy. If needed, I’m comfortable working on numerous projects at the same time. I'm confident, hardworking and have a strong work ethic. My deep and varied experiences will allow me to hit the ground running on day one of a project! Please contact me, so we can talk more about your project. I am available for immediate work. Thank You,
Dave Hamre
2103 Bayou Dr S.
Ruskin Fl. 33570
763-***-****
ad33zn@r.postjobfree.com
David M. Hamre
Ruskin, Florida
763-757- 5776 • ad33zn@r.postjobfree.com
POSITION DESIRED: TECHNICAL WRITER
(Contract, Remote, On-Site-Offsite Mix)
JOB EXPERIENCE:
1986 to Present: Self Employed at Hamre Productions Inc., producing technical operating manuals
(over 900), training curriculum/testing and industrial training videos (over 100) on the assembly, operation and maintenance of microprocessor and computer based electro/mechanical equipment, plus development of product advertising literature. See second page of resume for a list of clients. 1980 – 1986 Technical Writer, Ad Literature Designer at the Foley Belsaw Company: Produced technical operating manuals, ad literature and sales flyers on a wide variety of industrial equipment. Duties included control of a million-dollar ad budget, all the duties listed below, plus the development of the product advertising literature.
Technical Writing Duties include:
1. Researching the product.
2. Working with the design engineer to learn product operation. 3. Organizing manual outline and writing detailed instructions. 4. Working closely with engineering and sales staff in the fine tuning of the manual draft. Video Production Duties include: Script writing, video shoots, editing, and voice over. TRAINING & EXPERIENCE:
PERSONAL: Married, two married children - girls - ages 44 and 46. Interests include Golf, “Going to the Lake," fishing, water skiing, snow skiing and general handy work around lake and home. References upon request.
• FrameMaker: (strong skills)
• Microsoft Word & Excel: (strong skills)
• InDesign (strong skills)
• PowerPoint: (strong skills)
• Photoshop: (average skills)
• Illustrator: (average skills)
• Dozuki (Strong Skills)
• Quark Express: (average skills)
• PDM (strong skills)
Dale Carnegie Public Speaking Class
(Honor Graduate in my class)
•
•
•
SolidWorks Viewer –
Can convert SolidWorks 3-D drawings into
detailed manual drawings (JPG's, PDF's
etc.) (strong skills).
Photography:
Experienced in shooting my own digital
photos and have coordinated
professional photo shoots. (strong skills)
Printing:
Coordinated the outside printing of
completed projects. (strong skills)
TECHNICAL WRITING JOB EXPERIENCE
I have completed over 1000 Manual, Training Curriculum and Video projects. The following list will demonstrate some of my varied experience. MCC LABEL MANUFACTURING (2022-2023)
Operating and Maintenance SOP’s on printing equipment that prints specialty labels on bottles and other beverage industry containers. PELI BIOTHERMALNUFACTURING (2021)
Operating and Maintenance SOP’s and flow charts on temperature-controlled shipping containers. WATLOW MANUFACTURING (2020-2021)
Operating and Maintenance Manual on electrical controllers CUSTOM AUTOMATION (2019- 2020)
Operating and Maintenance Manuals on Robotic Equipment. CANNON ENGINEERING (2000-2021)
Operating and Maintenance Manuals on an automated milk bottle assembly line for Kemps Ice Cream. SIOUX STEEL COMPANY (2019-2021)
Operation and Maintenance Manuals on grain storage Equipment NORTHERN TOOL (2017)
Service and Repair Manual on pressure washers
CAPITAL SAFETY (2016)
Operating, Maintenance and Repair Manuals on fall protection, rope climbing and safety harness equipment. GRACO (2015)
Operating, Maintenance and Repair Manuals on mechanical pumps and field stripping equipment. Trained in PDM (Parts Data Management System) and resolving ECO issues (Engineer Change Orders). GENERAL MILLS (2006 to present)
Operating and Maintenance Manuals on food preparation assembly line equipment. Created manuals on the Wheaties, Cheerios, Fruit Roll Up production assembly lines and many more. Worked heavily in FrameMaker and SolidWorks to create need graphics. Produced many manuals and multiple close up “photos” from SolidWorks drawings without ever seeing the actual finished assembly line. 3M (1997) (2007) (2009) (2014-15)
Operating and Maintenance Manuals on assembly line equipment operated by computer systems and touch screen Medical Equipment. Created a 600 page repair manual on a medical equipment sterilizer. Worked closely with team that turned the manual into an I-Pad App. HONEYWELL 2009 - 2014
Operating, Maintenance and Service Manuals on Thermostat Equipment. TALON MFG. (2005 – 2014)
Operating and Maintenance Manuals on computerized assembly lines such as Orville Redenbacher’s Popcorn lines. THERMO KING (1997-2005)
Operating, and Maintenance Manuals on truck and trailer refrigeration units operated by microprocessors. ECOWATER SYSTEMS (2008-2010)
Installation, Operating, Maintenance and Repair Manuals on water softener and water filtration equipment for Sears, Westinghouse, DuPont and other large corporations.
FLORAL COMMUNICATIONS INC. Created a home study course in floral design. Complete with testing and certification testing. WASHINGTON COUNTY OPERATIONAL MANUAL
Introduction and operational manual on County’s recycling programs. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY (1999-2000)
Produced an Assembly, Operating, and Maintenance Manual on an automated wood pulp line that produced door panels (Completed project was over 200 pages in length). This line was a highly sophisticated, totally computerized system with over 200 computer screens. The system was operated by individuals with little or no previous computer training. STINAR CORPORATION (1994)
Assembly, Operating and Maintenance Manuals on misc. Airline Maintenance Vehicles. SCMI (1988-2000)
Assembly, Operating, and Maintenance Manuals on Woodworking and Furniture Mfg. Equipment. FOLEY BELSAW (1976-1990)
Assembly, Operating and Maintenance Manuals on Woodworking and Saw Sharpening Equipment misc. furniture items.
Contact this candidate