CONSTANCE KYRIACOS
Hatboro, Pa *****
ad33j0@r.postjobfree.com 973-***-****
SUMMARY
Versatile Technical Writer and Content Writer with experience in telematics, finance, healthcare, claims, Medicaid, telecommunications, engineering, insurance, and hospital systems. Areas of expertise include technical content writing, requirements gathering, business analysis, software testing, and training. Previously worked as a Systems Analyst in software test environments. An effective communicator who manages multiple projects meets all deadlines, plans, and participates in meetings with stakeholders, development teams, and subject matter experts. Software: Confluence, Jira, SharePoint Site Developer, Content Management Systems (CMS), Adobe, MS Word, Visio, EXCEL, PowerPoint, Information Mapping, EPIC (XML), RoboHelp, SnagIt, RightNow, Life Library, Outlook, Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS),
Databases: SharePoint, Oracle, SQL, Bugzilla, E-Room, Document and Software Management, Clarity Platforms: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Salesforce Cloud, ServiceNow, Atlassian, Jira Align, Zendesk, Postman Methodologies and Models: Agile, Scrum, SDLC, Knowledge Management, ISO Quality Standards PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Charles Schwab 12/2022 – Present
Consultant/ Technical Writer and Business Analyst
Wrote content pages in Confluence for topics related to the company's financial client-facing processes and big data. Researched topics to reflect accurate information about the info layer data assets, dashboards, procedures, digital analytics (Adobe), accounts, financial planning, NNA, and rules. JIRA was used to keep track of tasks and progress related to each epic.
Planned and ran meetings with directors, managers, and in-house Subject Matter Experts. Conducted reviews to ensure all the necessary information was included for each topic. T-Mobile 5/2022 – 11/2022
Consultant/ Technical Writer and Business Analyst
Wrote feature documents and added the information to the Confluence pages that were created for each feature. The Jira Align pages were linked to the feature pages, and information was added to each page so the developers could build stories and conduct planning sessions for sprints.
Participated in meetings with in-house clients and the Subject Matter Experts. Information was gathered about potential features requested for the Spectrum Asset Management division. The new features provided finance and engineering with analysis tools used to conduct analysis based on strategic partner agreements, and lease savings opportunities.
Blue Cross Financial Services 8/2021 – 1/2022
Consultant/Technical Writer
Worked on an outside re-engineering team to automate manual accounting practices and reporting. Created PowerPoint presentations to outline the review process and documentation standards for development teams. Planned meetings with SMEs from BCFS and wrote requirements for processing claims and commissions.
I set up and managed the SharePoint repository to ensure proper guidelines were followed for the storage of project-related artifacts, requirements, etc. Taxonomy terms and metadata were added to documents for categorization.
eDriving, Mt. Laurel, NJ 3/2020 – 10/2020
Consultant/ Technical Writer and Business Analyst
Met with development team SMEs to learn about applications and write current and future state Business Requirements Documents (BRDs) for APIs. Organized meetings with engineers and SVP to gather requirements. Conducted UI testing to ensure the applications were performing as planned. We discussed the redesign of the existing applications and conducted a needs analysis to accommodate client requests. eDriving is an international telematics company that gathers fleet driving data, produces metrics for the insurance industry, and provides coaching, mentoring, and training for fleet drivers.
Created the complete document set including templates for Atlassian and Word, API documentation using Postman, system, and data flow diagrams. Used Zendesk to produce and house online user articles for the front-facing client site of this domestic and international telematics and driver training company. UniTek, King of Prussia, PA 10/2019 – 12/2019
Consultant/ Technical Writer and Business Analyst
Wrote the BRD for a cell phone API used by installation teams to keep track of time, contractors, and materials used for engineering, construction management, and installation fulfillment services for companies specializing in telecommunications, broadband cable, satellite, and alarm systems industries. Participated in meetings with SMEs to determine what data would need to be captured out in the field. Met with the Human Resources Director and SMEs to discuss onboarding and offboarding processes for employees and produced SOPs and Job aids. PrimePay, West Chester, PA 6/2019 – 9/2019
Consultant/ Technical Writer
Updated the company’s content management system which consists of articles and SOPs for the payroll API. I used the Salesforce Article management application to edit content and maintain the internal knowledge base. Worked on the CRM application used to set up client accounts, quotes, orders, and invoice schedules. Wrote user documentation for SaaS Accounts and the Billing application for this payroll services company. Prudential, FT. Washington, PA 6/2018 – 4/2019
Consultant/Data Analyst
Wrote process requirements and SOPs that were used to produce client takeover data. Analyzed data to verify accuracy and conducted UA testing of the PruPassages and the Employer Data Exchange disability and absence processes for Group Insurance. ServiceNow was used for tracking.
Produced requirements for the Liaison development team and developed test cases for the Absence Takeover Catchup year-end process.
Met with stakeholders in the Disability Claims division to analyze the business needs and discuss process changes. Gathered requirements, conducted document reviews, and tracked progress. Client files were set up in Amplify for automatic monthly processing.
State of New Jersey, NJ 3/2017 – 3/2018
Consultant/Technical Writer
Wrote the Concept of Operations Manual, training, the training plan, and requirements for the new API. Gathered and maintained project documentation artifacts, including detailed user requirements documents, flowcharts, diagrams, use cases, and system documentation artifacts for compliance with the CMS Centers for the Medicare and Medicaid Services Eligibility and Enrollment Checklist
Produced requirements and specifications used to develop the online applications included in the Integrated NJ FamilyCare Eligibility System which facilitated the Medicaid application process. Designed wireframes for the online screens. The project involved the automation of the paper application process and implementation of E-Delivery processes.
Participated in weekly stakeholder meetings to discuss modifications, and legal impacts and explore potential solutions with the development team. Used Jira to write Use Cases to support system modifications and produced workgroup meeting notes for the team. Development was conducted utilizing Salesforce Government Cloud. This environment provided tracking of clients’ profiles, changes, updates, and Medicaid status. Johnson & Johnson, Spring House 9/2016 – 1/2017
Consultant/Business Analyst and Technical Writer
Wrote a functional specification for Study Planning Software PDMS (Pharmaceutical Development & Manufacturing Sciences) API used to track pharmaceutical development and expenses and, UI Improvement user stories. Logged bugs found during testing for tracking on the Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS).
Worked on the User Community Tool (UCT) which provided a single user interface for functional planners to manage planning workflow (i.e., Work Requests, Change Requests, and Resource assignments, Study Approvals, Messaging, and Compliance.
Attended and participated in Scrum meetings and followed all facets of the Agile Delivery Process. Reported daily progress on user stories, application testing, and UI documentation. Conducted analysis of Discovery Sciences (DS) planning application in SharePoint used to set up and create research studies. Wrote documentation and participated in smoke testing after the releases.
Prudential, FT. Washington, PA 9/2013 – 12/2014 and 6/2015 – 8/2016 Consultant/Technical Writer
Worked with Knowledge Management and was responsible for updating and maintaining SOPs and Job Aids on the Content Management system. Met with stakeholders in the Group Insurance and Disability Claims division to analyze the business needs and discuss process changes. Set up meetings with SMEs to gather requirements, conduct project reviews, and track progress. Documented and implemented the review process used to write SOPs for the Group Insurance division.
Converted requirements into SOPs used to train the Call Center staff, Customer Relations, and Offshore personnel. Created Process flow diagrams using Visio and wrote Requirement Documents for enhancements of existing products.
Health Management Associates HMA, Naples, FL 5/2013 – 9/2013 Consultant/Technical Writer
Met with subject matter experts to gather requirements and wrote a systems requirement document about hospital admitting/discharging API for the development team. Analyzed programs to determine the system functions and data structures for this system's front and back-end applications.
The requirement included all aspects of hospital patient care such as system configurations, admissions and registration, discharge functions, patient billing, medical records, charts, order entry and dietary, MDR, physician assignments, reporting, etc.
RAM, Dresher, Pa 7/2010 – 3/2013
Consultant/Technical Writer
Wrote online help procedures and training for the medical claims API and designed an intranet website to store all the training and systems documents. Conducted needs analysis, wrote project plan, and tested the application.
Wrote enhancements for a health insurance medical claims processing system. This system encompasses all aspects of healthcare claims such as Benefits, Provider, Customer Administration, Utilization of ICD-10, EDI, Billing, Authorizations, Taxonomy, Subrogation, and Reporting. Alcatel-Lucent, Bell Labs, Whippany, NJ 5/2000 – 12/2009 Senior Information Developer/ Technical Writer
Accountable for researching and writing training, installation, OA&M, and system maintenance documents for the CDMA Wireless organization. Met all deadlines for FOA installation and hardware testing. Organized and conducted reviews with the appropriate subject matter experts and traveled to the installation test sites. Wrote installation and site prep documents for the RRH Remote Radio Head and the d2U Distributed Base Station hardware for Japanese customers using FrameMaker.
Designed prototype for the Remote Maintenance Tool (RMT) using RoboHelp HTML development software for use with the RMT API. Subsequently, I developed the new system used by the RMT software development team in conjunction with the interactive RMT test API. This product was globally distributed.
Ensured the implementation and software integration went as smoothly as possible. Provided support and assistance for the RMT test application and wrote test plans for the developers. RMT project was sent to China, and I continued to support the project from the U.S. I attended weekly meetings and interfaced with the international development and product management teams. Planned and hosted meetings with subject matter experts to discuss new features. Education:
Business Analysis Certificate, Pennsylvania State University Abington College, Pa Diploma of Computer Programming, Devry/Chubb Institute, NJ BA, Major: History, Minor: English, Hunter College, NY
Contact this candidate