Anjanie R. Fairbairn, MA, SFC.
ad3ezy@r.postjobfree.com 210-***-****
Willing to travel 20% Currently residing in Houston, TX, USA

I am seeking the position of Technical Writer.

Objective Statement
As a result of my skills set, experience, and education, I excel in producing end user documentation that is strategic, clear, concise, organized, with appropriate tone, style, and terminology, that is edited and proofread.

Selected Accomplishments
Proficient author, producing content of diverse formats, grants, proposals, policies, procedures, manuals, creative writing, training templates, and solutions using strong analytical skills.
Demonstrated understanding of SDLC, enabling me to contribute effectively to software development life cycles, product releases, and adaptable to new software and tools.
Adept in evaluating business processes and budgets, creating designs, graphs, publishing, content management, structural writing for SOP, SLA, and roadmaps for project goals.
Proven team player leverages qualitative and quantitative abilities, data analysis skills, collaboration with leaders, SMEs, and cross-functional teams for technical accuracy in content, and meeting deliverables under tight deadlines.

Employment Summary
VILLAGECAREMAX, (Not-For-Profit), New York, NY 2023 – 2024
Clinical Technical Writer

ROBERT HALF, Houston, TX 2023
Election Onsite Technical Support
SynergenX Health, Data Analyst/Technical Writing

AllGONE, LLC, Grover Beach, CA 2022 – 2023 &
Technical Writer/Proposal Writer 2017 – 2021

TC CAMP – (Non-Profit 501c3), Sunnyvale, CA 2022
Technical Writer/Editor

TERRA SOLAR, San Antonio, TX 2021
Designer & Technical Writer

CAREGIVER INC. LONG-TERM CARE & SUPPORT, Ft. Worth, TX 2015 – 2017
Administrative Assistant

RON BLANK & ASSOCIATES, INC., San Antonio, TX 2014 – 2015
Client Relations Manager

FAIRBAIRN LAW OFFICES, Paso Robles, CA 2009 – 2013
Office Manager/Human Resources

PASO ROBLES EDUCATION FOUNDATION (Non-Profit 501c3) – Paso Robles, CA 2010 – 2012
President/Grant & Proposal Writer

Education
Scrum Fundamentals Certified (SFC) VMEdu Inc., Credential ID 972-***-****
Master of Arts in Technical Communications, MATC, Texas State University 2022
Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences, BAAS, Texas State University 2021
Entrepreneurial Boot Camp Workshops, Texas State University 2021
Member of NSLS - National Society of Leadership and Success 2021

Software Skills: Adobe Acrobat, Adobe FrameMaker, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Premiere Pro, Agile, Altruista Guiding Care, Azure DevOps, CMS, Confluence, Discord, DITA, Document 360, Dynamics 365, Excel, Google Doc, Google Analytics, Jira, Microsoft Office Suite: Outlook, Power BI, PowerPoint, Publisher, Word, Oracle SQL, Photoshop, QuickBooks, Saas, Salesforce, SharePoint, Tableau, Teams, Visio, Wiki, XML/HTML, Xtensio.
Anjanie R. Fairbairn, MA, SFC. Resume Page 2

Employment History
VILLAGECAREMAX – (Not-For-Profit), New York, NY 2023 – 2024
Clinical Technical Writer/Clinical Development Tester (Remote/Contract)
Clinical Technical Writer for Healthcare Operations, supported Guiding Care developmental project, including Business Requirements Documentation, Quality Assurance, UAT Scripts, and conducted UAT sessions with End Users.
•Created Business Requirement Documentation, interview SMEs, created Test Scripts, performed Results Reporting, and integrated user feedback for the developers.
•Supported care management and utilization management departments in writing all the business requirements documents to support the effective deployment, and use of clinical informatics, technology, telehealth, and clinical applications, Java, Visio, SaaS products Dropbox, Google Workspace, and Azure.
•Aided manager in creating strategy to support initiatives that align with the enterprise strategy for clinical informatics and operations to enhance healthcare services, customer service, and clinical outcomes.
•Supported meetings and resourcing for cross-functional initiatives, utilized DITA, Oxygen XML, Tableau, and Altruista Guiding Care for authoring and development of medical information, ICH, GCP procedures, regulatory requirements for ethical and scientific quality.

ROBERT HALF, Houston, TX 2023
Election Onsite Technical Support
Provided on-site technical setup and troubleshooting support for election polling locations.
•Observed voters and reported issues with ballots to Presiding Judge.
•Supported Presiding Judge in wrapping up election site in delivery, and drop-off to return items to rally sites.
•Accounted for scans, damaged ballot bag with orange seal, ballot bags, Election Forms Box and unused Ballot Paper, ePollbook case and equipment, and cancelled Mail Ballot Bag.

SYNERGENX HEALTH, (Robert Half) Tomball, TX 2023
Data Analyst/Technical Writer - (On-Site Contract)
Supported Men’s Health Clinic Merger and Acquisitions efforts.
•Analyzed data to assist in SQL querying, data correction and migration.
•Established scope parameters for routine and technical requirements with accuracy and clarity
•Research, analyze, validate patients’ data, applied system and analytical thinking methodology and discipline, technical writing.
•Utilized XML to facilitate health information exchange, and DITA to develop technical communications.

ALLGONE, LLC, Grover Beach, CA 2022 – 2023
Technical Writer/Proposal Writer (Remote Contract) & 2017 – 2021
Provided multi-faceted document support to proprietary industrial liquid manufacturer, supported various teams in different time zones while managing multiple projects, content audits, procedures, guides and governance.
•Utilized DITA, XML, and Adobe FrameMaker to update, reorganize proprietary documentation, format operating procedures, business practices, and forms, supported RFI, RFPs for development, coordination to vendors and buyers for marketing, and sales located globally, (Israel, Nigeria, USA, and Canada).
•Collaborated with teams, interviewed SMEs, quality assurance, met deliverables, supported document strategy and development for multiple departments, including IT, Production, Logistics and Sales.
•Updated SharePoint Documents to edit and reorganize technical manuals, installation guides, user manuals, style guides, and training media, prepared PowerPoint presentations with design layouts and visuals, business cases, reports, diagrams, charts, and visual aids.

•Completed cross-functional projects, ERP implementation (Oracle), Infrastructure Network Upgrade (Dell), VOIP (Cisco), Restructuring/Localization (RWS Docs), CRM Implementation (Salesforce), utilized
Anjanie R. Fairbairn, MA, SFC. Resume Page 3

waterfall and agile methodologies with implementation partners, internal business entities, and engineering team members, met documentation deliverables, prepared plans and published documentation.

TC Camp – (Non-Profit 501c3), Sunnyvale, CA 2022
Technical Writer/Editor (Internship)
Created analysis of published research work, defined disciplines, or topics of interest in Professional Communication
and Translation field, perform transcription, research, fact-checking, analyze, proof-read, and edit content.
•Authored content for social media platforms using DITA-XML for the reuse of content, and to update
documents.
•Research recent peer-reviewed published papers and create a short list of titles, edited short and long-
form analysis of published research work, social media postings for consistency in terminology, and voice
using SharePoint.
•Utilized Discord to collaborate with cross-functional teams and subject matter experts to ensure technical
accuracy of content for instructional design, and academic training purposes.

Terra Solar, San Antonio, TX 2021
Designer & Technical Writer (Internship)
Technical specifications document creation, design, and authored marketing content for Brochures, Infographics, Press Releases, and Blogs for Terra Solar.
•Authored, performed copywriting, edited, and proofread, for content clarity, correctness, and style for end
user.
•Performed extensive market research and analysis of usability and functionality for technical and non-
technical end users, implementation of product content, benefits, brand, style guidelines, and visual
design.
•Utilized XML/HTML to support Wiki Pages for creative content development, content strategy, and
communicate user needs in holistic content design.

Caregiver Inc. Long-Term Care & Support, Ft. Worth, TX 2015 – 2017
Administrative Assistant
Provided regulatory focused documentary administrative support for an intellectually and physically disabled facility with over 250 residents, and 10 departments.
•Developed and improved technical, operational, and regulatory documents to support professional staff with knowledge-based regulatory library, instructional pamphlets, brochures, forms, and posters.
•Managed document flow for state and governmental surveys of resident files, utilized Oracle SQL to
Support reporting of positive of negative facility trends.
•Supported SSA Analyst with document preparation and verification for residents’ health insurance with
Medicare, Medicaid, ACA, and NASCO.
•Assisted Human Resources with onboarding of new employees, Managed multiple projects, organized,
problem solver, goal-oriented, multi-tasked in a very fast-paced environment.

Ron Blank & Associates, Inc., San Antonio, TX 2014 – 2015
Client Relations Manager
Management support to sales staff utilizing Salesforce CRM in a fast-paced environment, effective time management, created in-dept procedures and documentation with a consistent style and tone for end user.
•Implement technical communication using ACT continuing education for Architects and Contractors.
Anjanie R. Fairbairn, MA, SFC. Resume Page 4

•Enhance software documentation maintaining existing documentations, procedures, and policies that are
clear and concise, coordinate educational information in form of electronic brochures and Wiki manuals
for end users.
•Maintain and develop reports for stakeholders created from data analytics for department policies,
accreditation, and quality assurance.

Fairbairn Law Offices, Paso Robles, CA 2009 – 2013
Office Manager/Human Resources
Provide support in a fast-paced environment, time management, created in-depth procedures and documents in consistent style, tone, and terminology, transcribing and writing various legal documents.
•Demonstrated analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, excellent command of the English
language, verbal, written, and reporting skills.
•Perform payroll, accounts payable, receivables, collections, marketing, public relations, and advertising.
•Managed HR business partners and operations, talent strategy, and onboarding, excellent interpersonal
and relationship building skills within cross-functional teams and key stakeholders ensuring effective
communication.

Paso Robles Education Foundation – (Non-Profit 501c3), Paso Robles, CA 2010 – 2012
President/Grant & Proposal Writer
Spearheaded implementation of fund-raising events, coordinate, oversee, organized, networking, advertising, marketing, recruited donors and auction items.
•Performed research, wrote grants, reports, proposals, entertainment logistics, and board chair
demonstrating effective communications and collaboration s, community development, social impact
assessment, and management.
•Entrepreneurial spirit, self-starter, passionate, customer-centered, collaborates effectively with cross
functional teams and stakeholders.
•Results driven, motivated, out-of-box thinking, and face-to-face community outreach.

Key Words: Scrum ERP Software Kanban Management System Oracle PeopleSoft HCM Digital Transformation Business Analysis Agile Waterfall Methodologies MS Word Team Management Technical Knowledge Supervisory BRD White Papers Election Visual Illustrator RFP RFQ Microsoft 360 Azure Saas Learning Development Adobe Creative Adobe Creative Suite Desktop Publishing Illustration Manuscripts Proofreading Publications Revision End-User Documentation Camtasia Digital Content Snagit Storyline Virtual Learning Products WordPress Stakeholder Authoring Clinical SDLC Data Migration Policies Procedures Leadership Auditing Markup Languages Collaboration Compliance Functional Ibm SOPs Photoshop CSS Microsoft Applications Syntax Excel Dita XML Media Creative Journalism Multimedia Procedure Manuals Video Scripts Tables Product Life Cycle Risk Analysis Root Cause Statistics User Experience Google Suite New Service QA Diagrams Blueprints Diagrams Healthcare Teams Storyboards Brand Strategy Cloud Computing GitHub l MS Windows XP Vista 7 8 10 Android IOS Java Cisco Tableau Altruista Guiding Care Oracle Fusion E-Kanban Jira Atlassian Smartsheet
Contact this candidate