Shirley Franklin
**** ******* ****** *.*. – Atlanta, GA 30331
ad3f4a@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/shirley-a-franklin-4b52ab138

Profile
Versatile, innovative and highly organized Communications Specialist with a strong background in writing, editing and project management.
Capable of grasping complex technical concept and converting them into understandable, high-quality documentation that includes supporting graphics and with an attention to detail.
Demonstrating proficiency while utilizing the following software: Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Project, Adobe Acrobat, Structured FrameMaker, FrameMaker, RoboHelp, PageMaker, Photoshop, Illustrator, In-Design CS, Agile Database Applications, SharePoint Document Management and Storage System, DocBook XML, Arbortext Editor and Astoria Component Content Management System.
Resourceful team member supporting project managers, subject matter experts, clinical education specialists, service engineers, marketing, regulatory affairs, and quality assurance.
Excellent problem-solving ability and attention to detail.
Adept at prioritizing multiple simultaneous deadlines, balancing immediate or short-term needs and delivering results.
Skillful use of Agile/Scrum and Six Sigma Green Belt Certified.

Experience
Randstad Staffing
Date Employed: September 2021 – Present
Location: Remote

Contract: United Postal Service (UPS)
Dates Employed: September 2021 – Present
Location: Remote

Senior Technical Writer
Works with content owners and subject matter expert (SME) to edit and upload documentation into UPS electronic Quality Management System (eQms).
Develops training tutorials for ensuring data integrity and proper documentation.
Updates UPS Healthcare Logistics and Distribution compliance records for all operational sites.
Utilizes content management systems to document processes, procedures, and responsibilities for achieving quality policies and objectives.
Create diagrams, charts, and other visual aids to assist readers in understanding a product or process.
Performs other related duties as assigned,

Codeworks, Inc. 262-***-****)
Dates Employed: July 2016 – July 2020
Location: Brookfield WI 53045

Contract: Northwestern Mutual Insurance
Date Employed: April 2017 – July 2020
Location: Franklin WI 53132

Senior Technical Writer
Recommends formats responsive to technical and customer requirements.
Produces products that conform to the company documentation and quality assurance standards.
Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors.
Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action.
Responsible for internal and external contacts.

GE Healthcare Consultant
June 2016 – January 2017

Senior Technical Writer
Manage Diagnostic Cardiology (DCAR) technical publications for two product lines, CASE and MAC5500, as the contributing writer for the “Keep It Simple” project driven by service engineers to update legacy documentation, correcting outdated information, and improving usability.
Updated content in both unstructured FrameMaker and DocBook XML, using Arbortext Editor and the Astoria Component Content Management System.
Trained and familiar with the Agile Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) system, routing documents for official engineer review.

RF Technologies 262-***-****)
Dates Employed: May 2005 – April 2016
Location: Brookfield, WI 53005

Senior Technical Writer
•Developed technical publications and specifications for the installation, servicing and use of wireless and RFID products.
•Responsible for technical documentation from concept to completion to include installation, administrators, and user manuals, quick reference guides, specification sheets, product labeling and other documentation provided customers with product.
•Created illustrations, graphical interfaces, and 2D and 3D drawings.
•Created first on-line help files to be implemented in software.
•Assisted in maintaining the document intranet site.
•Authored documents for the Special Investigative Unit (SIU) and Corporate Anti-Fraud Investigations.
•As member of the Engineering team, performed other writing and graphical illustration projects as assigned,

Education

Cardinal Stritch University, Milwaukee, WI
Bachelor of Science, Major: Business Management, graduate magna cum laude
Contact this candidate