H. Kirk Nolte
Mobile: 650-***-****
Home: 650-***-****
ad3f47@r.postjobfree.com
Senior Technical Writer September 2015-November 2023
Philips Healthcare Informatics, Pleasanton, California Research, plan, design, produce, and maintain service documentation in accordance with user needs and the Quality Management System (QMS). This includes Deployment Guides, customer release notes, and technical support release notes for the Radiology Workspace and Analytics products. Also, ensure that documentation properly conforms to all applicable Philips, FDA, and international regulatory requirements.
Experience
Senior Technical Writer (Contract), Engineering Services June 2013-March 2014 Blue Coat Systems, Inc., Sunnyvale, California
Responsible for all documentation for the Engineering Services group, this includes all internal process documentation and share space owner/content developer. Senior Manager, Engineering Services October 2007-May 2013 Brocade Communications, Inc., San Jose, California Managed team of 17 in San Jose, Colorado, Ireland, and India to deliver all company deliverables for the Fabric OS, Network OS, Brocade Network Administrator, and embedded systems with OEMs. This included Administrator Guides, CLI Reference Manuals, Error Message Manuals, Diagnostic and Troubleshooting Guides, HW Reference Manuals, QuickStart Guides, and OLH. In addition:
• Eliminated documentation CDs and FRUs as customer deliverables to save the company $150k per release.
• Worked closely with OEMs (EMC, IBM, HP, Dell, Fujitsu, Hitachi, Huawei) to enhance 3rd party documentation requirements.
• Managed cross-functional support teams across all Technical Publication groups including editing, illustrations, and production.
• Worked as lead writer in addition to management duties on several projects that were shorthanded.
Technical Writer (Contract to Permanent) May 2006-October 2007 Cisco Systems, Inc., San Jose, California
Worked with a team of writers to provide end-user documentation for Cisco's Call Session Control Platform (CSCP) architecture. This included updating the Name Resolution Server, Edge Proxy, and Service Engine Administrator's Guides and providing platform-specific Release Notes for the CSCP product.
Senior Technical Writer December 2005-April 2006
Juniper Networks, Inc., Sunnyvale, California
Lead writer for all hardware documentation deliverables for two new Secure Services Gateway (SSG) platforms (SSG 200- and SSG 500-Series). This includes project team representation, interfacing with internal and external customers, and acting as point of contact for release notes and bug tracking. Additional tasks include providing support for new software features identified in the next two ScreenOS software releases. This includes writing portions of the Concepts and Examples Guide, CLI Guide, and Online Help.
Senior Technical Writer January 2003-December 2005 Brocade Communications, Inc., San Jose, California Duties included project lead representative for all hardware documentation including core team representation, interfacing with internal and external customers, and acting as point of contact for release notes and bug tracking. Responsible for the SilkWorm Director documentation set(s), and also contributed to several Brocade Fabric OS documents. Coordinated efforts to revise all technical illustrations throughout the hardware documentation set (current and legacy) including rack kits. Additional tasks include providing Project Plans to support company-wide releases, creating Publication Plans for my books and several others written by contractors. Currently producing the Fabric Manager Administrator’s Guide (and OLH) and the Tapestry Application Resource Manager Administrator’s Guide
(both SW products).
Documentation Manager February 2001-December 2002
TrueSAN Networks, Inc., San Jose, California
Responsible for all end-user documentation including the Administrator’s Guide, Reference Guide, Release Notes, and ReadMe files for the proprietary Storage Operating System. Worked with illustrators and contract writers (as-needed) to produce all online, CD, and print deliverables. The Storage Operation System provided a comprehensive storage software solution for managing, protecting, and optimizing storage networks. This included complete SAN management, auto-discovery of SAN devices, topology rendering, event reporting and email notification, performance monitoring, health/status monitoring, detailed device statistics, and fabric zoning in one intuitive view. The product also provided historical and real-time reporting and charting of utilization rates, performance, and threshold-based alerting, consolidated/correlated vital statistics from all SAN devices and hosts into a common database, integrated SAN statistics into a custom database and reporting tool, collected information about storage LUNs, RAID controllers, disk drives, enclosures, and individual switch ports, also provided full fabric zoning within the software.
Information Development Mgr. April 2000-February 2001 Dell Computer Corporation, San Jose, California
Managed a group of six (including one illustrator, one editor, one contractor, and one remote employee) in the production of all Dell documentation deliverables related to the Storage Domain Manager
(SDM)—a SAN appliance. Leadership/management responsibilities included hiring, reviews, and preparing staff for increasing challenges and leadership responsibilities in a fast-paced environment. This included mentoring, motivating, and empowering team members. Team consistently expressed appreciation for my leadership qualities, teamwork, and ability to create win situations for them. Duties also included acting as lead writer for the System Administrator’s Guide, Rack Installation Guide, User’s Guide, and Getting Started Guide. Also responsible for all graphics, CD and print deliverables, online help web-based deliverables, and for coordinating the localization efforts for the SDM product. Senior Technical Writer December 1998-April 2000
ConvergeNet Technologies, Inc., San Jose, California (Acquired by Dell) Lead writer for all documentation deliverables including SDM User’s Guide, Getting Started Guides, Configuration Notes, Systems Information Guides, Release Notes, Readme Files, and Hardware Specifications. Produced the Documentation Plan (including scheduling and content plans), Glossary of Terms, and Work Processes Guide (for ISO certification). Assisted with the hardware and software functional plans, online help, and training. Managed one contract technical illustrator and trained all other contract employees.
Senior Technical Writer February 1998 - December 1998 Cisco Systems, Inc., San Jose, California
Wrote and produced both on-line help and hardcopy deliverables for the AtmDirector User’s Guide. Documentation was restructured to comply with single-source requirements and to improve usability
(eliminated redundant information, established cross-functional tie-in with the VlanDirector application).
Senior Technical Writer May 1997-February 1998
Etec Systems, Inc., Hayward, California
Lead writer for the MEBES 9950 mask pattern generator. Responsibilities included managing and writing a 40-volume set and coordinating with third party vendors. Wrote, edited, and produced proposals and white papers for SEMATECH and trade journals under intense deadlines. Produced proposals required incorporating source materials for both PC and Macintosh applications, including Excel, PowerPoint, MS Project, MS Word, Corel Draw, and Adobe Illustrator. Duties also included writing a system functional description and developing a one-day MEBES training course. Senior Technical Writer February 1992-May 1997
Tandem Computers, Cupertino, California (Acquired by Compaq) Created, wrote, and produced hardcopy manuals and on-line help, developed illustrations and graphics under limited supervision on four projects including one that spanned six cross-functional business units. Developed GUI on-line help for a Windows-based network version of Tandem’s Backup and Recover software. Created the reference manual for the Tandem Failure Data System (TFDS) by working with developers from Cupertino and Mexico City to describe how the TFDS product provides automatic CPU-fail data collection, diagnosis, and recovery services. Revised and rewrote the File Utility Program
(FUP) Reference Manual which explains how to manage disk files, non-disk devices (printers, terminals, and tape drives) and processes on the Tandem operating system. Technical Writer March 1989-February 1992
Failure Analysis Associates, Menlo Park, California Duties included acting as documentation supervisor for one writer and two illustrators for various projects (such as the annual report) and responsible for all graphics, CD, and print deliverables. Also created extensive case management user manuals for the national legal counsel of both General Motors and Monsanto. Produced the hardware and software documentation for the Monsanto Agricultural Computer System, and tested, wrote, and illustrated user guides for their customized travel expense and invoice processing computer systems. Wrote PC-driven, on-line computer courtroom interface for the Monsanto object-oriented body systems, including the respiratory, nervous, and endocrine systems. In addition, produced the annual report, wrote installation instruction manual for Monsanto remote weather stations, and created in-house user documentation for the electronic communications package, computerized facsimile, and information retrieval system and Failure Analysis. Technical Writer December 1986-March 1989
Stanford Telecomm, Sunnyvale, California
Created hardware and software manuals, data sheets, and marketing brochures, under limited supervision in accordance with military standards. Documents included user manuals, operations and maintenance manuals, interface control documents, detailed design specifications, software test reports, proposals, and satellite control operator’s guides. Created new product announcements, company newsletter, and wrote press releases. Wrote and edited major portions of $10M proposal in conjunction with Hughes aircraft and received an outstanding performance award. Technical Illustrator June 1983- December 1986
Stanford Telecomm, Sunnyvale, California
Responsible for planning layouts and technical illustrations of graphs, diagrams, and schematics. Produced layout design, paste-up, and graphics for documents, brochures, advertising, and annual reports. Operated PMT camera for half-tones and line shots. Created computer-generated art and slide presentations for corporate presentations and shareholders meeting, and provided basic photography. Education
Bachelor of Science, Journalism
California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, California Systems
Adobe Framemaker, Acrobat Professional, Adobe Illustrator, RoboHelp, WebWorks ePublisher, SnagIt, DITA, Visio, Microsoft Office Suite, Project, SharePoint, Corel Draw, HTML, XML, Agile Additional Information
Ex-Board Member for MVLA Softball
American Cancer Society
• Board Member for Courageous Kids (Celebrity Ambassador/Logo Design)
• Member Downtown San Jose Unit
Security Clearance: Secret, NAC
Reference and Writing Samples
• Available upon request
Contact this candidate