MATTHEW E. SEKELLA
Springfield VA
Security Clearance Active SECRET (March 2018)

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Senior Technical Professional with extensive experience in Analysis, Requirements Definition, Proposal Development, Acquisition, and Technical Support programs for federal government customers. Technical Writer. Possesses an entrepreneurial, “hands-on” leadership style which has resulted in proven achievements in:

Systems Integration Proposal Development
Technical Writing and Editing Communications
Formal Alternative Analyses Test & Evaluation
Process Management Subject Matter Expert

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 2024
Gemini Industries Inc – HQAF Burlington MA 2023-2024
Technical Writer
Undertook the development of a Manpower Reassignment plan for HQAF based on a presentation designed elsewhere. While this was great graphics, it lacked the detail necessary for Senior Officers to make funding and personnel decisions quickly. This was work like what I had done previously for USAF. The project spanned the holidays and was virtually completed within the required timeline.

Versar Inc. HQ USCG – Washington DC
Staff Officer, Short-term Replacement
On short notice, assumed Staff Officer responsibilities while the incumbent was on medical leave. With no prior experience with Coast Guard processes, he rapidly acquired the expertise necessary to facilitate meetings (both Local and electronic), assist accommodation of new division staff, and solicitation of support for current projects. Assisted the Division Chief with ensuring work products were prepared in the appropriate format to meet suspense dates.

Pacific Architects and Engineers (PAE) Fredericksburg VA 2020-2022
Senior Proposal Writer
Conducts ‘Top Line’ final reviews and technical editing on various proposals for the U.S. Government Department of Defense, Treasury, and State. Develops executive summaries, qualification resumes, and past performance summaries which demonstrate the company and the proposed staff’s qualifications, abilities, and unique skills, discriminators, and technical expertise, unique to this organization. Provided technical expertise for classified, and qualification briefings, including C4I innovations and vulnerabilities. He successfully validated the requirements for intrusion detection capability by terrestrial and airborne means and the technologies and personnel required.

Mission Systems Inc. (MSI), McLean VA 2017 – 2019
Volume Lead
Performs research, strategy, competitive analysis, coordination, and authorship of proposals for numerous Federal Government agencies, principally DoD. Shipley trained. Responsible for obtaining teaming partners, developing recruiting requirements, and pricing strategies. His extensive Air Force and Joint Services experience made it possible to propose several opportunities that otherwise would have been unsuccessful.

Governors Land Foundation, Williamsburg VA 2014-2017
Deputy Director, Security Operations
Mr. Sekella led a staff of Special Conservator of the Peace, DCJS Officers. Supervised security activities within the Community, to achieve security and safety for the residents and protection of Foundation assets. In this position, he accomplished data security management, and traffic surveillance, through innovative use of IT systems and improved personnel training.

Technical Consultant, Madison AL 2013-2014
SAGI, Inc.
As a consultant, he conducted liaison for SAGI clients seeking emerging requirements from within the AF community. Without a staff, he produced numerous Unsolicited Proposals to Industry and Government to develop a viable market, during the reality of the Defense budget sequestration. Produced White Papers for Air Force C2 Center, proposing low-risk, systems integration, using in-production assets, resulting in superior Mission Capability.

ITility LLC, Chantilly VA 2012-2013
Proposal Manager
Responsible for all aspects of proposal development and submission, including teaming, work share, cost estimation, editing, and graphics design. Successfully submitted major proposals to the AF Contract Advisory and Assistance Services (CAAS) IV, which won, were in the competitive range, or were in final negotiation. This escalated Itility to first place among CAAS IV contractors in terms of contracts won during FY13.

OTC Inc. Hampton VA 2009-2012
Aircraft Platform Integrator
Mr. Sekella was selected to represent and defend Air Force requirements to the Joint Tactical Radio System (JTRS) Airborne Product Manager for the documentation, justification, advocacy, coordination, and support. He coordinated AF requirements, system test planning, and schedule integration with platform modification facilities. This necessitated close coordination in order to maintain positive support from the Joint Staff and OSD. He provided the Office of Cost and Program Evaluation with critical technical insight into the program.

Northrop Grumman (TASC), Hampton VA 2002 – 2009
JTRS Section Lead
Mr. Sekella was responsible for the Air Force Migration Plan for JTRS, which provided analytical, engineering, test planning, and programmatic support to the AF C2 Center. He conducted systems engineering evaluations of integration alternatives. As C2 Center SME for Joint Tactical Radio System, he developed numerous presentations delivered at high-level meetings and conferences, in the government and Company.

U.S. Air Force
Systems Program Manager, Electronic Systems Center, Hansom AFB, Massachusetts
Program Manager of Strategic Airborne C3 Systems Division, he was responsible for delivering the first E-4B National Airborne Operations Center (NAOC). He led the completion of all critical elements of Acquisition MileStone-1 of the follow-on, $2B, Airborne Command Post Replacement development plan for presentation to the Defense Acquisition Board.

Education:
Air Command and Staff College, Maxwell AFB AL
M.S. Economics (Analytical Forecasting), South Dakota State University
B.A. Economics, Georgetown University, Washington, D.C.
Contact this candidate