Leslie Soldevila
Senior Technical Writer / Consultant
Johns Creek, GA 404-***-**** ad3xu1@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/lesliesoldevila
Dynamic and strategic senior technical writer with extensive professional experience working in diverse industries, including technology, logistics, transportation, hospitality, aviation, and medical. Proven track record in the development, design, and improvement of processes and quality systems. Extensive knowledge developing and writing operational and technical guides as well as quality manuals at the national and international levels. Bilingual in Spanish and English with the talent to translate complex and technical information in both languages successfully.
Process Improvement and Development Vendor and Supplier Management Six Sigma Black Belt
Business Process Analysis Technical Writing Lead ISO Auditor Bilingual Spanish and English Speaker
Regulatory Compliance ( OSHA, ISO, PCI, FAA, DOT) Content Management (SharePoint, Confluence, WordPress)
Training Programming Conflict Resolution Problem-Solving Excellent Verbal and Written Communication

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
BUSINESS MANAGER/CONTRACTOR 09/2020 – 01/2024
Kenneth Strubbe, MD, PA Fully Remote Miami, FL
Document operational policies.
Oversee daily operations and governmental compliance of the medical office.
Oversee payroll, employee benefits, vendor contracts, and negotiations, ensuring company needs are met.
Establish and develop a digital and social media presence for the practice, increasing visibility.

TECHNOLOGY DOCUMENTATION SPECIALIST CONSULTANT 05/2019 – 06/2020
Ballad Healthcare Partially Remote Johnson City, TN
Created two new SharePoint sites, a project site, and a team site, improving the needs of the company.
Developed a new document management policy and its associated procedures for IT Operations, including network operations, data center, field operations, and IT solutions.
Documented various IT expansion, integration, and migration projects following a merger.

ADJUNCT CONTRACT INSTRUCTOR 04/2019 – 12/2019
Lanier Technical College Gainesville, GA
Taught leadership and management courses through the continuing education department on an as-needed basis.

PROJECT MANAGER/BUSINESS ANALYST 08/2016 – 10/2018
Bridge2 Solutions (currently Bakkt) Partially Remote Alpharetta, GA
Worked with cross-functional key business stakeholders to optimize and streamline reporting metrics and implement solutions.
Served as the Business Analyst and Project Manager in the development of a finance-based data warehouse.
Defined and documented the taxonomy and categories of a data dictionary for the Business Intelligence and Data Analytics teams.
Performed activities that improved technical data and information collection, analysis, and reporting across key applications and platforms.
Worked with the IT internal audit team to manage the closure of identified data risks.
Developed a new intake process for Business Intelligence and Order Management Teams.
Recorded areas of data inaccuracies and inconsistencies within data tables for future reporting ease.
Co-managed the Supplier Order Management of 50 suppliers which included Travel, Merchandise, and Gift Cards. Approx. 2 million Orders.

CONTRACTOR CLIENT SERVICES DOCUMENTATION SPECIALIST (02/2014 – 08/2016)
Developed e-commerce SaaS user guides which outlined new applications and user interfaces.
Developed new cross-functional processes, procedures, work instructions, and workflows for locations worldwide.
Tested applications against client business requirements and regulatory compliance and standards.
Co-developed a new IT security internal auditing system that improved projects and procedures.
Developed and updated supplier contracts which adhered to company and customer requirements.

ADDITIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE
CONTRACTOR DOCUMENTATION SPECIALIST
CISCO Systems Lawrenceville, GA
Created technical documentation for digital broadband cable service users and clients.
Created, edited, and validated test procedures for field engineers, ensuring procedures were up to code as needed.
Facilitated meetings with subject matter experts and product managers to review the accuracy of content information for documentation, training materials, and websites.
Reviewed design drawings and test results to ensure compliance with customer guidelines, contract specifications, and TL9000.
Edited and wrote high- and low-level architectural design recommendations for projects within different business units.
Translated and wrote contracts, technical documents, and statements of work (SOW) from Spanish to English and vice versa for customers in South America and Mexico.
Assisted department with ISO and TL9000 standards interpretation, implementation, and document audits.

ADULT EDUCATION AND LEADERSHIP ACADEMY INSTRUCTOR
Gwinnett Technical College Lawrenceville, GA
Taught topics to improve student knowledge including, ISO internal auditing, Introduction to Six Sigma, Six Sigma Green Belt, Six Sigma Black Belt, Ethics and Diversity in the Workplace, and more.

CONTRACTOR/CONSULTANT
Datapath, Inc. Duluth, GA
Wrote, developed, tested, and validated cross-functional and departmental work instructions, procedures, and policies for Engineering, Supply Chain, Finance, etc., to conform to regulatory and industry standards.
Worked on process flow documentation to assist in the transition to the new ERP system, Microsoft Axapta.
Analyzed the effectiveness of the current systems and procedures applied in the organization toward achieving long-term and short-term goals.
Developed and conducted employee training to improve best practices that improved the company’s bottom line.

Regional Quality Manager Southern USA, Mexico, and Caribbean
Lufthansa Cargo Atlanta, GA

Operations Manager
Federal Express Atlanta, GA

TECHNOLOGY
General: MS 365 (PowerPoint, Visio, Access), Google Drive (Docs, Sheets, Slides), Dropbox, SharePoint
Remote Collaboration Tools: Zoom, GoToMeeting, GoToWebinar, MS Teams, Trello, Slack.
Additional: Confluence, JIRA, SnagIt, QuickBooks, Sabre, Apollo, Canva, ERP, Practice Fusion, Tebra (Kareo), Calendly.

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
Bachelor of Science in Management Kaplan University
Associate of Science in Aviation Administration Georgia State University
Associate of Science in Hotel, Restaurant, Travel Administration Georgia State University
Six Sigma Black Belt Gwinnett Technical College
Business and Branding Strategist Online
Health Coach Institute for Integrative Nutrition
Snagit TechSmith
Contact this candidate