Jodi Reed
Weston, Florida ***** Portfolio 818-***-****
ad4aco@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn Profilehttp://www.linkedin.com/in/firstlastname

Business Process Analyst and Technical Content Writer
Make Complex Processes Understandable Improve End User Efficiency

Seasoned technical writer with nearly a decade of experience delivering impactful content to diverse audiences. Recognized for the ability to distill complex processes into clear, precise, and actionable steps, driving enhanced user engagement and tangible results. Possesses strong interpersonal, analytical, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills, coupled with a background in SQL query writing and reporting. Meticulous attention to detail and a proactive approach to skill enhancement. Thrives in dynamic, collaborative environments that prioritize clarity, accuracy, agility, and consistent project value addition.
Researching and requirements gathering
LMS/CMS, document libraries, version control
Manuals, help guides, SOPs, needs analysis
Agile Project Management and Agile principles

Technical skills: Advanced Microsoft Office Suite HTML5 SQL Salesforce CRM JIRA/Confluence Camtasia SharePoint Snagit Visio Familiar with Madcap Flare, Articulate 360, Adobe Suite, Git/GitHub

Professional Experience

Elevance Health (formerly Anthem, Inc), Remote 2016 to 2023
Health Insurance industry, 102,300 employees, 47.5 million subscribers and $156.6 billion revenue (2022)
Learning Experience Designer II, Technical Writer 2017 to 2023
Led documentation efforts for three Agile Salesforce customization projects, conducting needs analysis for end user training. Tracked progress for management. Analyzed technical and functional specifications in Jira and Confluence, ensuring effective training solutions for diverse audiences in adherence to department style guides.
Spearheaded the Sales Training department’s initiative to expand their internal only training support to include external broker and client end user audiences by building and maintaining external content libraries.
Created and maintained an LMS of over 200 impactful end user manuals and procedural job aids as PDF’s, PowerPoints, videos and interactive user guides, maintaining a 4.3 out of 5 user satisfaction rating.
Supported a 50% lower average enrollment turn-around time for the Small Group market through training.
Consistently met content development deadlines in accordance with Agile project release schedules.
Facilitated a 65% increase in Salesforce end user adoption over a 3-year span.
Collaborated with SMEs, Architects, and Product Owners to understand product operations, system processes, and best practices. Mentored and served as a knowledge resource for new team members.
Established standards and templates for documentation and conformed all content to maintain consistency.
Ensured that new functionality communicated in software release meetings, system demos and Jira story documentation was incorporated into department job aids, policies, procedures, and training guides for each release. Consolidated release notes for end users, highlighting new functionality before each release.

Performance Support Designer I, Instructional Designer 2016 to 2017
Conducted needs analysis. Crafted clear, aligned content per department style guides and desired modality.
Independently mastered an internal HTML-based CMS knowledge base tool. Designed, developed, implemented, and managed complex HTML-based user job aids and help files across multiple projects.
Exhibited professional growth by acquiring skills in Camtasia and Quizmaker, actively volunteering for senior-level instructional design projects and consistently exceeding expectations.
Jodi Reed ad4aco@r.postjobfree.com Page Two

Bexel Global Broadcast Solutions, Burbank, CA 2006 to 2015
Broadcast services industry, an NEP Group owned company
Business Process and Data Analyst 2011 to 2015
Responsible for the creation and maintenance of internal instructional and technical documentation across four company departments. Developed comprehensive, well-structured, accurate, and grammatically precise reports and email marketing notifications. Effectively collaborated with business partners across departments to define, analyze, and document procedural and reporting requirements. Additionally, provided administrative support to over 50 internal sales users as the Salesforce CRM Administrator. Designed and produced sales metrics reports in Salesforce CRM based on user requirements.
Delivered comprehensive administrative support to a diverse user base, including 75+ R2 rental inventory management software users, 10+ Sage 300 ERP business management software users, and 100+ Concur expense management users. Activities encompassed procedural documentation, personalized and group training sessions, issue resolution, software testing, and reporting.
Played a pivotal role in two major system upgrade projects, participating in all phases of software development. This encompassed documenting project requirements, collaborating with stakeholders to map and document processes, data mapping, facilitating reporting, testing, and creating user training.
Analyzed complex Oracle data, optimizing user efficiency by developing a Visual Basic tool for faster data retrieval and creating data entry best practice guides.
Developed ad hoc Microsoft Access reports and automated 200+ reports written with SQL, delivering real-time data on sales and inventory usage, empowering cross-departmental decision-making.

Marketing Associate and Data Analyst 2006 to 2011
Oversaw external customer notifications for a 100,000+ customer base via Campaigner email management. Acted as Salesforce administrator and data/reporting analyst for a 40-member sales team, bridging Marketing and Sales departments. Developed and maintained numerous ad hoc and scheduled SQL queries and reports from internal application databases.

Education

Bachelor of Information Technology (BIT), American Intercontinental University, Dunwoody, GA
Studied Computer Science, Georgia Perimeter College, Clarkston, GA
Contact this candidate