Don Gosselin
Technical Communications
Danville, CA
707-***-****
ad4bct@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dongosselin/
https://www.dongosselin.com/
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Technical communications expert with more than 20 years of experience in industries that include information technology, software development, education, and publishing. Extensive technology experience comprises management, technical writing and editing, curriculum development, and training. Highly experienced technology writer, having written technical documentation for numerous companies, along with various college- level textbooks on computer science subjects for Course Technology and Cengage Learning. Titles of published works include Java Programming with Microsoft Visual J++, Microsoft Visual C++, Microsoft Visual C++.NET, JavaScript, XHTML, Principles of HTML, XHTML, and DHTML, PHP Programming with MySQL, ASP.NET Development with Visual C# and SQL Server, and Developing Web Pages with jQuery. SKILLS
● Comprehensive knowledge of software engineering principles
● Strong knowledge of object-oriented programming languages such as Java and C++
● In-depth experience with web development tools such as HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, and server-side technologies including PHP, .NET, C#, Python, and Go
● Broad knowledge of relational database management systems including Oracle Database, SQL Server, and MySQL
● Strong understanding of cloud-based technologies including AWS and Azure
● Experienced user of API development tools including Postman and Stoplight
● Wide-ranging experience with security and identity management technologies
● Proven and experienced technology manager
● Outstanding interpersonal communication skills
● Experienced instructor and course developer of technology subjects
● Extensive experience writing and editing documentation for technical audiences including API and end-user content
● Strong knowledge of documentation development software including Markdown, Acrobat, FrameMaker, Oxygen, and other current tools
● Thorough understanding of structured documentation with XML and DITA
● Experienced user of GitHub
EXPERIENCE
Google, Mountain View, CA - Technical Writer IV (contract) August 2023–October 2023
● Provided technical writing and editing for the Data Commons open knowledge graph, which is hosted by Google to provide a unified view across numerous public datasets.
● Extensive use of GitHub, Jekyll, and Markdown in the development of public-facing documentation.
State of California, Sacramento, CA - Technical Writer (contract) June 2023–September 2023
● Worked with the California Department of Managed Health Care in the writing and editing of their Technical Recovery Plan and standard operating procedures. Extensive use of Microsoft Office.
QuinStreet, Foster City, CA - Technical Writer (contract) May 2023–June 2023
● Worked with the QuinStreet Marketing Platform and QuinStreet Rating Platform engineering teams in the writing and editing of API documentation content.
● Tools included Microsoft Office, Markdown, and JSON for writing documentation content, and extensive use of the Postman and Stoplight in the production of API content for customer use.
Google/YouTube, Mountain View, CA - Technical Writer (contract) July 2021–November 2022
● Worked with Google’s YouTube and Android Partner engineering teams in the writing and editing of API documentation content.
● Tools included Markdown, HTML, and CSS for writing documentation content and extensive use of Google’s Cider and Critique documentation tools. Cisco Systems, San Jose, CA - Project Specialist (contract) February 2020–July 2021
● Worked with Cisco Devnet’s curriculum development team in the writing and editing of API documentation content.
● Tools included Markdown, HTML, and CSS for writing documentation content and extensive use of GitHub for managing and publishing documentation repositories. WhiteHat Security, San Jose, CA - Technical Communications Manager October 2018–February 2020
● Managed and wrote security product documentation for the technical communications team.
● Worked with technologies that included Oxygen, DITA, and other documentation development tools, along with extensive use of GitHub, Postman, and Stoplight.
● Oversaw the conversion from MadCap Flare to an AsciiDoc-based production system.
● Direct responsibility for the entire WhiteHat Security documentation set. Responsibilities included supervision, writing, editing, quality control, and budgeting. Apple, Sunnyvale, CA - Communications Specialist
June 2017–October 2018
● Worked with the Communication and Documentation team to create and manage content on the Information Systems and Technology website.
● Extensive use of HTML, CSS, and Apple’s proprietary content management system.
● Specific responsibilities included corporate communication on identity management and other security topics for the Information Security team.
● Responsible for providing security information to the entire Apple organization, primarily focusing on software engineering and development.
Kaiser Permanente, Pleasanton, CA - Technical Writer (contract) March 2017–June 2017
● Wrote and edited comprehensive Java API documentation that allows Kaiser’s proprietary systems to leverage various data integration solutions.
● Designed a web interface using GitHub’s Slate API documentation tool.
● Added extensive documentation to Kaiser’s customer-facing Confluence instance.
● Designed a Confluence template that Kaiser’s software developers use to document APIs with common headings, standardized code samples, and consistent formatting. Oracle, Redwood Shores, CA
Documentation Director
October 2009–September 2015
● Director-level responsibility for Oracle Fusion Middleware's identity and access management product suite, and security documentation.
● Oversaw three managers and 25+ writers in the United States, India, South Africa, and Europe in the production and maintenance of all aspects of identity management/security documentation.
● Built and trained a highly productive team of technical writers in India from 0 to 19 employees.
● Critical leadership responsibilities included managing and mentoring writers, ensuring documentation quality, and scheduling projects and resources. Senior Documentation Manager
January 2007–September 2009
● Managed Oracle Fusion Middleware's identity and access management/security documentation.
● Facilitated the absorption of writers and documentation from a half-dozen newly acquired companies.
● Developed close and productive relationships with product managers, development managers, QA managers, senior management, and other key stakeholders.
● Experienced a low attrition rate and cultivated a team with high morale and a solid work ethic.
Principal Technical Writer
May 2005–December 2006
● Responsible for writing and editing the printed and online documentation sets for Oracle Delegated Administration Services and Oracle Directory Integration Services.
● Wrote Java and C++ API documentation for Oracle Fusion Middleware Delegated Administration Services, Oracle Directory Integration Services, Oracle Internet Directory, and other Oracle identity management products.
● Wrote various scripts for producing HTML and XML output. Senior Documentation Manager
January 2003–April 2005
● Directly managed the documentation teams responsible for Oracle Email and Oracle Voicemail & Fax.
● Indirectly managed and coordinated five additional documentation teams that contributed to the Oracle Collaboration Suite core documentation set.
● Directly wrote and edited the installation procedures for the Oracle Collaboration Suite product.
Epicentric/Vignette, San Francisco, CA - Technical Documentation Manager August 2002–January 2003
● Supervised, trained, and mentored nine writers and editors.
● Built a dynamic writing and editing team with high morale.
● Planned, scheduled, prioritized, and contributed to documentation projects for the engineering and product management teams.
● Designed and implemented a change management system to track requests for documentation changes and enhancements.
SelectQuote, San Francisco, CA - Curriculum Developer (contract) March 2001–June 2001
● Wrote and delivered a training course on an internal application named the Automatic Rate Calculator that assists agents in selecting term life insurance policies based on a client's underwriting criteria.
● Successfully trained SelectQuote’s entire staff of 60+ insurance agents on the Automatic Rate Calculator application in less than two weeks. Taviz Technology, Palo Alto, CA - Technical Writer (contract) September 2000–February 2001
● Added extensive edits and additional material to the entire documentation set for the Taviz Integration Studio, which was a visual design and implementation tool set for modeling, transforming, and loading data between heterogeneous data sources and targets.
● Wrote a detailed Java API document named the Taviz Integration Server and Console Guide, which was used by developers and administrators when working with the Taviz Integration Studio.
DigitalThink, San Francisco, CA - Technical Writer (contract) February 2000–May 2000
● Wrote various types of technical documentation for DigitalThink’s software engineering department. Documentation formats ranged from an online training course and Java API reference for DigitalThink’s eLearning Java API to internal engineering documentation and white papers.
● Revised and edited several of DigitalThink's online training courses in subjects that included application development, software architecture, and enterprise programming. Some of the course titles included Java, Java Servlets, Entity Beans, CORBA, Design Patterns, COM, C, C++, and Microsoft Visual Basic 6.
Harvard University, Cambridge, MA - Instructor (contract) February 1999–December 1999
● Participated as a team instructor for the Project Adapt program in the training of thousands of Harvard University employees in the use of new university wide accounting tools and business processes. Also, assisted in curriculum planning and assessment, and in the evaluation and coaching of other instructors.
● Taught various computer application and technology classes for the University Information Systems department. The classes were aimed at Harvard University employees and students. Class topics included JavaScript, FileMaker Pro, and Microsoft Access. PUBLISHED WORKS
Course Technology/Cengage Learning, Boston, MA
● JavaScript, 6th Edition textbook (coauthor), February 2015
● Developing Web Pages with jQuery commercial publication, October 2012
● Principles of HTML, XHTML, and DHTML textbook, December 2010
● PHP Programming with MySQL 2nd Edition textbook (coauthor), January 2010
● JavaScript, 5th Edition textbook, February 2010
● Microsoft ASP.NET Development with C# and SQL Server textbook, July 2009
● JavaScript, 4th Edition textbook, September 2007
● PHP Programming with MySQL textbook, December 2005
● JavaScript, 3rd Edition textbook, March 2004
● XHTML Comprehensive textbook, June 2003
● XHTML Introductory textbook, April 2003
● Web Warrior Guide to Web Programming textbook (contributing author), April 2003
● Web Warrior Guide to Web Design Technologies textbook (primary author), March 2003
● Microsoft Visual C++.NET textbook, May 2002
● JavaScript Comprehensive, 2nd Edition textbook, December 2001
● JavaScript Introductory, 2nd Edition textbook, November 2001
● Microsoft Visual C++ 6 textbook, March 2001
● JavaScript Comprehensive textbook, March 2000
● JavaScript Introductory textbook, November 1999
● Java Programming with Microsoft Visual J++ 6 Comprehensive textbook (coauthor), May 1999
● Java Programming with Microsoft Visual J++ 6 Introductory textbook (coauthor), March 1999
QUICK REFERENCE GUIDES
RHI Consulting
● Microsoft .NET Framework, 2004
● Linux, 2000
● Microsoft Visual C++, 1999
● Microsoft Windows NT 5, 1998
● Novell NetWare 5, 1998
● Jasmine 1,1, 1998
● Borland Delphi 3, 1997
● Powersoft PowerBuilder 6, 1997
● Microsoft Visual Basic 5, 1997
● Oracle Developer/2000, 1997
● HTML and CGI, 1997
● Lotus Notes 4, 1997
● Microsoft Windows NT 4, 1996
● Sun Java, 1996
Intel Corporation
● Intel cc:Mail 2 for Windows, 1993
Accountemps (Robert Half International)
● Microsoft Access 2003, 2004
● Lotus 1-2-3 Millennium, 1998
● Corel WordPerfect 8, 1998
● QuickBooks 5, 1997
● Microsoft Excel 97, 1997
DDC Publishing
● Microsoft Office for Windows 95, 1996
● Microsoft Word 7 for Windows 95, 1995
● Microsoft Office 4.3, 1995
● Microsoft Word 6 for Windows, 1994
● Desktop Publishing with Microsoft
Word 6 for Windows, 1994
● Desktop Publishing with Microsoft
Word 2 for Windows, 1993
The Affiliates (Robert Half International)
● DOCS Open, 1998
● Corel Paradox 8, 1998
● Summation Blaze 5, 1998
EDUCATION/CAREER TRAINING
Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA Associate of Arts in Letters, Arts, and Sciences
University of Chicago Graham School, Chicago, IL
Certificate in Editing
American Management Association, New York, NY
● Successfully Managing People
● Basic Project Management: Planning, Scheduling, and Control
Contact this candidate