Carlin Schossau
I am an instructional designer, technical writer, and retail specialist with six years of corporate, industrial, and small-business experience. My passions for connection and communication help me to be an eﬀective teammate, and my love of learning helps me pinpoint the critical information to convey in the materials I develop.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Adult learning theory
ADDIE and other instructional
design models
English language writing and
editing
Interpersonal communication
Proﬁciency in software including
Microsoft Oﬃce Suite and Articulate
Storyline
PHILOSOPHY
Anyone can learn how to write,
communication is a craft
Relationships are the foundation of
teamwork. Strong relationships carry
teams through hardship to produce
top-quality work
I take joy in problem-solving,
looking for ways I can make things
beĴer, more eﬀective, and engaging
EDUCATION
Honors Bachelor of Arts, Sociology,
University of Oregon, 2015
TRAINING & CREDENTIALS
E-Learning and Instructional Design
Certiﬁcation, Oregon State University,
2019
EXPERIENCE
09/2023 – Present
Project Coordinator and Training Lead
Portland Water Bureau – Portland, OR
I coordinated project activities for the Water Bureau including project meetings, small-group and individual tasks, and training sessions. Individually, I audited, updated, and maintained portions of the project’s informational website, and I compiled bureau resource information for several groups of stakeholders. In addition, I have consulted with project managers and the project vendor on training approaches, led bureau stakeholder needs and process analyses, analyzed training delivery platforms, and began to develop training requirements and templates.
- This position is limited term
11/2022 – 05/2023
Instructional Designer
Nike – Beaverton, OR
I consulted on the instructional framework and curricular mapping of a new curriculum for managers in Nike’s retail stores. I also developed product and operational training for store employees, engaging with a variety of subject maĴer experts (SMEs), proprietary content management platforms, and translation and localization requirements. I inﬂuenced the foundation of future training development by my team, redesigning templates to center on learning objectives. The company underwent a reorg, during which I managed complex and changing priorities and deadlines for many deliverables at once.
- This position ended after completing a limited-term contract 06/2022 – 11/2022
Technical Writer
Madden Fabrication – Portland, OR
I developed standard operating procedures for the fabrication and assembly of Portland Loo bathroom facilities. I observed and recorded complex manufacturing processes and wrote out complete instructions.
- I resigned to accept a diﬀerent position
10/2021 – 06/2022
Instructional Designer
ad4ed5@r.postjobfree.com
503-***-****
Hillsboro, OR
Quality Granite & Cabinets, LLC - Beaverton, OR
I developed interactive training for new hires using Articulate Storyline. Modules included learning assessments to track the progress of learners and learning activities to be used in conjunction with the asynchronous training. I also developed training outlines for learning modules on safety around manufacturing processes.
- This position ended after bringing the project to a pausing point 12/2019 – 09/2021
Manager
Crystal Heart Books, Inc. - Beaverton, OR
I modernized store inventory and data management systems. When I was promoted to manager, I designed, developed, and implemented a training curriculum for new hires, which included a position handbook.
- I resigned due to local COVID risk increase
02/2020 – 07/2020
Volunteer Instructional Designer
Washington County Sheriff’s Office - Hillsboro, OR I developed modules of a nutrition education presentation in PowerPoint for classroom use. Included in the presentation were classroom activities for learning reinforcement. I worked with the SME to ensure learning objectives were being met by the training, through observation of learners’ progress and course feedback.
- This position ended after completing the project 08/2018 – 06/2019
Technical Writer
Daisy Rain Garden Systems - Hillsboro, OR
I partnered with a SME and a graphic designer to develop user instructions for the assembly and use of Daisy Rain’s new product. I performed a needs assessment and developed the project storyboard, tested and revised instructions through alpha testing, ﬁnalized images with the artist, and designed the layout and ﬁnish of the ﬁnal document.
- This position ended after completing the project 04/2018 – 08/2018
Technical Writing
Oregon Motorcycle Road Racing Association – Portland, OR I updated and streamlined volunteer training materials, in the form of standard operating procedures for various racetrack positionse.
- This position ended after completing the project 2 Carlin Schossau
Contact this candidate