Idelsis De La Paz Bachelor of Arts (BA), Master of Education (MEd)
ad4eh9@r.postjobfree.com
Miami, Florida
305-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Experience linguist and language professor with over twenty years of experience in teaching and developing teaching materials and programs in English as a second language. Adept in creating, developing, and implementing programs for teaching of English as a second language. (TESOL)
Advanced English language fluency, especially in discourse analysis, public speaking, creative and technical writing. Proficient in proofreading and text analysis and correction.
Graduate professional in translation and interpretation, with ample exposure and focus on biomedical sciences and medical journals and texts. Expertise in teaching healthcare professionals medical English and medical Spanish. Author and co-writer of medical English and medical Spanish courses, workbooks, and textbooks.
Experience in CAT-tools translation and proofreading, as well as in computational linguistics and computer skills.
Freelance translator, interpreter, proofreader, creative and technical writer.
Associate professor for medical English in medical universities.

SKILLS

Fluent in Spanish
Elementary level in Russian

Fluent in English
Discourse analysis
Public speaking
Creative and technical writing
Translation and interpretation
Technical and medical translation and interpretation
Text analysis
TESOL and ESOL syllabus development and implementation.
CAT-tool proficiency (Trados, MemoQ)
Cross-cultural communication
Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Associate professor of English as foreign language at Serafin Ruiz De Zarate Ruiz Medical University of Villa Clara, Cuba from 1982 to 2014.
EDUCATION

Bachelor’s in Arts in TESOL by Felix Varela Pedagogical University, Santa Clara, Villa Clara, Cuba.
Master’s in education in TESOL by Universidad de Cienfuegos Carlos Rafael Rodríguez, Social Sciences and Humanities Faculty, Cienfuegos City, Cienfuegos Province, Cuba.
ESOL Certificate (graduate) by University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK.
Certificate (graduate) of Translation and Interpretation Studies by Miami Dade College, Miami, USA.
Contact this candidate