JEAN M. MULLER
Henrico, Virginia ***** 804-***-**** ad4fk5@r.postjobfree.com
Personalized LinkedIn URL

TECHNICAL WRITER

Technical Writer with experience documenting Financial Software. Skilled writer of software application user and installation help for executives, technicians, and end users alike. Created QC scorecard and experience editing final documents. Experienced with working and updating Style Guides for formatting. Demonstrated experience creating technical publications for regulatory requirements and MIL-STDs. Adept contributing to team success and building value-added relationships with both internal and external stakeholders.
MORTGAGE & LEADERSHIP EXPERTISE
Technical Writing 10 years’ experience
Process Map Engineer 3 years’ experience
Proficient in Word, Visio, ARIS, Point, Excel
Collaborate with Subject Matter Experts
Prepare and edit written procedures
Create and edit Process Maps
Excellent time management skills
Virginia Notary Public
Mortgage Liquidation
Editing and Quality Control for documents and Style Guides
Personnel Training/Supervision
Six Sigma Green Belt Certified
Positive Attitude
Flexible with change
Efficient in a remote environment
Self-Motivated
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Truist Bank, formerly known as SunTrust Mortgage July 2014-February 2024
Process Map Engineer/Technical Writer
Collaborated with Subject Matter Experts and Stakeholders to model the sequenced set of activities needed for the scoped process according to business rules and required practices and Style Guide.
Engaged and collaborated with Subject Matter Experts to update or develop new procedures related to change initiatives.
Identified risks/impacts/opportunities during process mapping development.
Completed integrated process analysis.
Consulted with leaders to understand, influence, adapt design and create alternatives for consideration.
Followed up with first line Risk partners to get Risk and Controls documented within approved process map.
Ensured approved process map is published and linked appropriately.
Partnered with impacted groups to build consensus, prioritize requests and resolve issues.
Ensured that all processes are designed to establish compliance to address concerns of all federal and state regulations.
Completed Quality Control reviews editing on all documents for formatting, spelling, and content
ADDITIONAL RELEVANT EXPERIENCE

SunTrust Mortgage
Quality Control Analyst Mortgage Loss Mitigation 2012 to 2014
Short Sale Negotiator 2010 to 2012

Virginia Mortgage Bankers, LLC 1995 to 2010
Loan Originator
EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science (BS), Public Relations, 1992
Virginia Commonwealth University

Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Certified 2013

Licensed Mortgage loan Originator in the State of Virginia NMLS# 246022

Notary Public in the Commonwealth of Virginia #7073741

Cyber Security Champion 2018 to 2024 2019 to present

Department of Criminal Justice (DOCJ) Clearance - 2023
Contact this candidate