Karen R. Mezouane, M.Ed. 703-***-**** ad4z52@r.postjobfree.com Madison, WI 53098

Content Writer - Technical Writer - Trainer
Information Security AI CyberSecurity SDLC - Agile Process Change Documentation SOPS Training Materials User-Ref Guides
An experienced writing professional with 10+ years of proven success in covering a variety of subject matters. A strong independent researcher who gets immersed in each topic and task to gain complete understanding of a product, the business objective, technical development, and real-life application.
Able to effectively translate complex technical topics for varied audiences. Manages throughout the project lifecycle to produce deliverables that are compliant and meet both short-term and long-range business goals.

Senior Content and Technical Writer Independent Consultant (2015 – 2023)
Function as a content and technical writing consultant to a variety of industries and organizations, assisting with small-to-large projects. Leverage advanced technical writing skills and abilities to support the development of multiple communication types, including policies, reports, memos, talking point papers, for internal and external distribution.
DoD Secret Clearance (Needs Re-Activation) Valid until 2030
Core Professional Strengths
SOPs, SDLC Technical Writing, Editing, Training Agile Software Development Lifecycle
Accounting Standards and Procedures Proposal Support as Team requires
NIST 27001-853 Security & Internal Policies AI knowledgeable
Dashboard Knowledge Management Fast and Quick Learning curves
Update Security and IT Policies Analyzing & Transforming Data
Deadline Driven Environments CyberSecurity policies
Validate and Write Business Processes Interview SMEs & Do Research
CONUS/OCONUS locations ServiceNow, RoboHelp
Online Classes in Azure & Cyber Security German/French languages

Professional Experience

Part Time -Advanced Writing & Communications Instructor Northern Virginia Community College (9/005 – 6/020)
Lead the design, development, and delivery of online and classroom curriculum for ESL students. Leverage several online tools (ZOOM) and Learning Management Systems (LMS), including CANVAS. Completed multiple advanced courses in LMS.
Watertown Unified School District Watertown, WI (12/2023-present)
Substitute Teacher at Watertown High School – all subjects
Microsoft Azure Fundamentals - The Knowledge Academy – 8 hours (9/2023)

Program Analyst III /Technical Writer Peraton, Inc via Prime Technologies, Inc Herndon, VA (6/2022- 8/2022)
Remotely supported Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Washington, DC Data Center and Cloud Optimization (DCCO) project (update all DHS Dashboards) Contract IDIQ delivery scope suddenly reduced. 6 Agile and ServiceNow developers and I laid off.
Senior Content and Technical Writer on a team Write, edit, and format DHS DCCO Dashboard (Purchase, Cost, Catalog, HCE Inventory, SLA etc.) UI applications and technical documents such as standard operating procedures, user guides.
Interview subject matter experts (SMEs) for documentation content, Present information in a concise, understandable format, Perform all work consistently, quickly, accurately.
Support Proposal Preparation efforts with Team
Use approved tools, such as ServiceNow for project and development tracking, MS Teams for meetings and Team information, and SharePoint for document storage, resource inventory, and management.
Work with a Team of 10 Senior Level Team designers and Agile developers to write and review DHS DCCO Dashboard document, Work independently as well. Attend all Team and Developer technical meetings.
Manage document reviews, comments, and corrections and edit information into existing documentation. Include planning time for necessary reviews of documentation.
Anticipate projects in development stage, Communicate with the Project Manager and Team Lead to allow for adequate planning.
Analyze documentation products and generate initiatives to improve communication quality. Follow the standard design, layout, and format of the documentation.
Develop program plan documents such as training materials, and other documents as requested.
Program Analyst III /Technical Writer Synergy Bis, Reston, VA (12/2021 – 6/2022)
Support On-Site Defense Health Agency, Falls Church, VA
Senior Content and Technical Writer on a team to Gather, analyze, translate, and compose United States Coast Guard (USCG) and IT information into clear, readable documents to be used by technical and non-technical personnel.
Review company security & Internal Controls’ policies and objectives, accounting Standards and Procedures, Update Security and IT Policies
Conduct research and ensure the use of proper technical terminology, Compose USCG supported IT documents including, user's manuals, training materials, installation guides, proposals, and reports.
Edits functional descriptions, system specifications, user’s manuals, special reports, or any other customer deliverables and documents.

Program Analyst III /Technical Writer EMERGE SOLUTIONS GROUP, LLC (6/2021 – 11-2021)
Support On-Site Defense Health Agency, Falls Church, VA
Senior Content and Technical Writer on a team developing the Defense Health Program (DHP), an activity funded by Defense Health Agency (DHA). As a joint, integrated combat support agency, DHA is responsible for streamlining all policy, procedures, and enterprise workflows throughout the Military Health System (MHS).

Support the modernization and integration of DHA financial management systems and systems’ processes which delivered financial/cost information to the merged Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, and Coast Guard (MHS) regional, and local, Military Treatment Facilities (MTFs).

Assist the DHA financial front office by providing documentation and communication of management, planning, budgetary, and accountability artifacts to all levels of military and Department of DoD) personnel including the various Secretaries of Defense.
Vocational Hiatus for Surgery Recovery Nov 2020 - June 2021
Program Analyst - Technical Writer R&P Technologies, LLC (6-2020 – 11-2020)
As a Test and Evaluation Master Plan Subject Matter Expert (SME), remotely supported the Zumwalt DDG 1000 Shipbuilding Program (PMS 500).
Senior Content and Technical Writer Played a key role in supporting the program, which is responsible for design, construction, outfitting, testing, and fleet introduction of DDG 1000 Destroyer Zumwalt Class ships.
Effectively coordinated, managed, and generated Test and Evaluation Master Plan (TEMP) revisions. Use Service Now ServiceNow for digital workflow tracking. Use Kanban to visually view and track T&E project events.
Partner cross-functionally with multiple program stakeholders, both at the company and at the US Navy, providing Document Technical Editor and CDRL Coordination.
Ensured on schedule TEMP revisions, as well as analysis, adjudication, and resolution of TEMP issues, reported findings and improvements to program stakeholders.
Provided T&E interface to users and resources managers, both within and outside of the program, for all Total Ship TEMP testing, and Government and Design Agents procedures. Document test and evaluation business processes.
US Marine Corps, Office of Awards and Medals (8/2019 – 10/2019)
Senior Content and Technical Writer Provided technical writing services to the AWDIS division head and other division leaders. Ensured 100% compliance and alignment with HCM policy, MCSC, USMC, and DON standards and policies.
Wrote, reviewed, and edited citation and medal justifications and citation certificates awarded to troops, officers, and civilians, conducted research to verify department names, rankings, and content to award the medal/certificate. Use Adobe Acrobat to PDF files.
Green Technology, Office of the Air Force Surgeon General (10/2018 – 3/2019)
Senior Content and Technical Writer in a Key role in support of creation and distribution of internal and external communications, including drafting Bullet Background Papers (BBG) and talking point papers for implementation plans, CONOPS, and nationwide meeting minutes, CONOPS
Played a key role in establishing the Air Force’s role in the merger of Army, Navy, and Air Force medial support under the Defense Health Agency (DHA).
Leidos, Inc. / Valytics, LLC (8/2018 – 9/2018)
Senior Content and-Technical Writer/Tester for the Defense Health Management Modernization Program (DHMSM). Contract suspended 2 weeks after I started on contract. Contract suddenly put on hold. 6 others and I laid off.
Neustar, Inc (10/2017 – 11/2017) Surgery/Recovery (2017-2018) Constellis, Inc (5/2018 – 8/2018)
Senior Content and Technical Writer to Update CyberSecurity and Security and IT Policies based on NIST 27001-853 Security & Internal Controls Policies
In both companies, in all departments company-wide, interviewed key personnel to gather information regarding company security & Internal Controls’ policies and objectives, accounting Standards and Procedures for the NIST 27001-853 documentation infrastructure policies and SOPs.
Documented production and configuration systems, wrote, formatted, and edited all necessary Security Information Profiles for IT physical infrastructure, website services, software upgrades/maintenance, and Human Resources.
Navy Federal Credit Union (2/2017 – 6/2017)
Senior Content and Technical Writer to document Accounting Standards and Procedure
Update CyberSecurity policies
Developed process change documents by collecting information from Subject Matter Experts (SME), back-end development and systems governance, and support team technical specialist.
Leveraged SharePoint as the document organization system for Mainframe Software Optimization, recorded new processes in the upgrade of the NFCU IBM system, reduced MIP, improved efficiency, cost effectiveness.

Software & Technology

MS 365 Office Suite Servicenow Agile Environment Kanban MS SharePoint
Adobe Acrobat Professional Visio RoboHelp Slack MS Teams
Chicago Manual of Style Learning Management Systems (LMS) Oracle I Madcap Flare Azure CyberSecurity

Education & Professional Development
George Mason University University of Wisconsin
Master of Education (M.Ed.) Bachelor of Science (BS)
Contact this candidate