Work History

ICF Corp.
Technical Writer, Business Analyst, July 2022 - May 2024
ICF is an international consultancy, providing a variety of services for government and commercial clients. My assignments were to DHHS and FHFA, with responsibilities for technical writing for large software projects, including procedures and helpdesk management, and documentation develop- ment, editing and review, including complex report deliverables.

DoD Advanced Distributed Learning (ADL) Initiative / SimIS Corp.
Technical Writer/Editor III (ADL) / Program Analyst (SimIS), September 2019 - July 2022
SimIS is a SETA contractor developing enterprise-level DoD training system architectures. My responsibilities included writing/editing highly technical reports, contract deliverables, and articles, content development and management for website, social media, other outreach channels, and business development support for SimIS federal contracting opportunities.

Saalex Solutions
Technical/Proposal Writer, Business Development Manager, March 2017 - June 2019
Saalex is a small defense contractor focused on engineering and logistics for range and weapon sys- tems. My responsibilities included proposal and technical writing for complex federal (military/ NASA) contract solicitations, business development and capture management for federal contract opportunities, and government relations, and marketing.

Starfighters Aerospace
Consultant, Technical Writing, Business Development, Research Projects, June 2015 - December 2022
Starfighters provides F-104 supersonic flight research and training for commercial, government, international markets. My responsibilities included developing proposals, technical manuals, and out- reach content (website and collateral material), market development for commercial space, military, NASA, and FAA customers, and payload requirements coordination and documentation.

Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University
Aerospace Development Director, Space Policy Analyst, February 2006 - June 2014
Embry-Riddle supports aerospace education, engineering, and academic research programs. My responsibilities included proposal and technical writing for government and corporate grants and con- tracts, developing university collaborations with space industry and government partners, and serving as the university’s space industry/policy expert for news media and other stakeholders.

Education
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University
Master of Science Degree in Business Management

Florida State University
Bachelor of Science Degree in Communications
Contact this candidate