DENNIS WASHINGTON
Frisco, TX *****
972-***-**** ad53d1@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/DennisKeithWashington SENIOR TECHNICALWRITER
Accomplished technical writer and training program designer that excels at videography, video and audio editing, animation, photo composition, and brand adherence. Passionate about creating and implementing outstanding user experiences. Known for always meeting deadlines with a history of over-delivering. Coaching and mentoring to increase skills of company personnel at all levels. Developing and implementing cost-cutting processes while maintaining expected high quality. Skilled at recognizing problems and issues while providing immediate solutions. Collaborative and creative problem solving. Adaptable and flexible. Technical documentation.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
MSWord PowerPoint Visio Photoshop Illustrator Premiere Pro AuditionAudio Editor InDesign
Acrobat Suite and Writer Vyond Animator VideoScribe Animator Camtasia MANAGERIAL SKILLS
Innovation Leadership Collaboration Natural Storytelling Analytic Solutions Demonstrable Skills Professionalism Communication Presentation & Design IMPACTFUL STORIES
When OSHA mandated all construction companies to develop Silica Safety Guidelines, my solution was presented at a national safety conference and universally accepted as the new standard. Some of the unique features were: 1. Icon based, 2. Pocket-sized so every person could instantly refer to it when faced with safety concerns, 3. Moisture, chemical, and rip resistant paper, making it durable in harsh work environments. Produced both company branded and generic versions in English and Spanish. The generic version was shared with others in our industry at cost. Ex: Generic
- English.
When the company was launching its first ERG effort (internally called PRG), we were challenged with getting speaking time at regional meetings. My solution was to create a short video titled
“What is an ERG in under 2 minutes”. It delivered a standardized message and eliminated the need for representatives to travel to the branches. By allowing senior management to preview the content in advance, it instilled confidence in messaging and was aired at meetings where live presenters were previously turned down. The analytics show that each time the video played, membership increased. Ex: What is a PRG. During the first post-COVID Return-to-Work wave, I was asked to create signage for the entrances and exits of our facility. I took it much further and developed a full Safety System that could be used at all branches. This included signage, documents, a 9-part animation series (each 2-minutes or less), barriers, and other behavioral modification items. All animations were created in English and Spanish (translated with the help of a coworker). This system was considered so innovative that our print vendor (FedEx) sent corporate representatives to see it. They asked to use it in their advertising and training programs. The animation series became mandatory for all company personnel before returning to work. Ex 1: Opening Animation - English, Ex 2: FedEx Promo.
When I first joined the company, I was placed next to a statistics expert that worked directly with the CEO. Using paid consultants, they created all marketing collateral. Shortly thereafter, DENNIS WASHINGTON
Frisco, TX 75036
972-***-**** ad53d1@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/DennisKeithWashington I suggested we combinemy software and graphic skills with the company knowledge of the statistics expert to create marketing collateral inhouse. Within weeks we were able to eliminate all consulting fees and eventually we were instrumental in launching the companies first Marketing Department. Ex. Branding and Style Guide which initiated the first standardization of collateral for all branches. This was developed and produced by my team.
During the company’s expansion period, I was the Branding Manager and safety documentation SME. I was asked could I take over the branding of new facilities to reduce the high costs of interior designers, graphic designers, and consultants. I became Project Manager and Graphic Designer for all signage for five new facilities. This saved the company thousands of dollars. Ex. Product Catalog was given to Senior Management and stakeholder to begin discussion on what approved, branded items they desired in their facility. This was my brainchild and produced by my team.
EXPERIENCE
Self Employed 09/2022 -
Instructional Designer and Video Editor
Develop and create training and product launch videos for a large international company. Due to Non- Disclosure agreements, I am not able to share any of their information. TDIndustries 01/2011 - 09/2022
Technical Writer and Instructional Designer
Provided leadership as co-chair of the African American ERG and as a contributingmember of the D, E & I team. Supervised a team as a Marketing Supervisor.
Managed the company brand, collateral layouts and production, video production, digital storytelling and graphic design supervision.
Led branding of new buildings, relieving the need for an outside consultant thus reducing the cost of expansion by more than $600k over 4 years.
Researched and learned new platforms and productswhile always meeting deadlines.
Assisted in standing up the companies' first intranet site thus establishing the user experience and standardizing all documents and web pages.
Spearheaded and formalized all trainingon the platform that soon was running and sustainable.
Orchestrated and launched the companies' first Marketing Department as part of team that grew to 16 members in four years.
Developed a return-to-work safety system which was nationally recognized and inspired a television commercial that I was featured in.
Designed the safety protocol handbook that was adopted as the national standard for Silica Safety.
Produce technical documents using Microsoft Word and PowerPoint Belanger, Inc
Technical Writer, 3DModeler
06/1986 - 01/2011
Produced OEM documents of up to 300 pages providing research, interviews, photography, 3D modeling and graphical illustrations while co-authoring a document that was awarded "Best in Class" OEM in a national Canadian publication.
Plant Manager
Led a team of over 100 employees.
Contact this candidate