Veny Dixon
Technical writer with consistent success developing and implementing user, process and
instruction manuals, partnering with stakeholders and enhancing operations Profile
Drive development of standardized documentation, processes and solutions to enhance operations.
Proactively maintain document repositories, execute policy revisions and manage databases.
Methodically follow a strategy to achieve business objectives for goal-driven leadership.
Create clear, concise, accurate documentation for diverse audiences from corporate to consumer.
Integrate interfaces with internal and external clients, vendors, managers, IT and product development. Competencies
Technical writing, document construction
Software documentation, SaaS, mobile devices
Content editing and management
End-user documentation
Standard operating procedures
API reference and developer guides
Web content writing, video editing
Information architecture
Content management systems (CMS, LMS)
Software testing, quality assurance
Project management, planning
Complex problem solving, decision making
Customer focus, diplomacy
Adaptability, continuous learning
Leadership, mentoring and coaching
Agile and Scrum methodologies
Process improvement, strategic planning
Teamwork, cross-functional communication
Database management
Microsoft Office, SharePoint, Visio
Adobe Acrobat, InDesign and Illustrator
Experience
Freelance Writing, Charlotte, NC October 2023 to Present Technical Writer (contract)
Paycor, Cincinnati, OH September 2022 to October 2023 Senior Technical Writer (contract)
Developed API documentation for API users, including API reference documents and developer guides, ensuring users have clear instructions and understanding of how to utilize the API. o Integrated RESTful APIs with MySQL and PostgreSQL. o Managed API versioning and automation processes and API documentation and specifications, increasing developer productivity 7% and reducing API errors 10%. o Created video tutorials and quick start guides for end-user access to the developer portal.
Partnered with developers and product managers to ensure documentation aligned with product changes and updates.
Collaborated with subject matter experts across all company departments to implement improvements. o Designed and created data flow charts using Visio to visualize complex technical concepts. o Implemented Git and Swagger to manage documents, increasing efficiency and reducing errors. o Improved user experience by creating and maintaining easy-to-navigate documentation portals. Velocitor Solutions, Charlotte, NC March 2013 to June 2022 Principal Systems Technical Writer January 2020 to June 2022
Championed structure of technical writing department, implementing best practices and improving workflow to meet document deadlines.
980-***-****
Spencer, NC
ad5486@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn
Veny Dixon
Page 2
o Collaborated with team members to develop structured repository for instructional documents in Microsoft SharePoint and Confluence, reducing time to find documents 20%. o Improved customer satisfaction and reduced support costs 80% through creating FAQs that captured common issues and resolutions.
o Improved document usability by applying design standards to templates and forms.
Created consistent content that ensured continuous brand experience using company style guide documentation and project management documents.
o Re-architected 12 existing applications on the cloud to AWS for 20+ clients and performed troubleshooting related to application deployment on AWS infrastructure. o Described technology and operating procedures through visual training material for internal support and end-user training with Adobe Acrobat, including interactive videos illustrating software function.
Established strong working relationships with project managers, product owners and developers, ensuring uniformity in terminology between teams and products. o Contributed to efficient delivery of Agile sprint deliverables on multiple projects by listening to identify issues, adapting to developers’ needs and collaborating closely to ensure deadlines were met. o Communicated with technical personnel and explained complex technical information using easy-to-understand terms for end-users.
Technical Writer December 2017 to December 2019
Coordinated with research and development teams and project managers to create standard operating procedural documents to ensure current and valid process documentation.
Participated in stand-up meetings with project services and support teams to provide seamless communication between departments and bridge knowledge gaps.
Developed integrated and progressive escalation flow charts with Microsoft Visio, designing a process that ensured problems were resolved at the appropriate level of support. Technical Trainer March 2013 to December 2017
Streamlined support services literature and materials to simplify difficult tasks and complex information.
Created onboarding documents and videos, educating new hires through PowerPoint slides, written documents and product-related videos.
Wrote technical training content for processes, instruction manuals and quick start user guides for employees and external clients.
Analyzed data from support services to identify current issues and improve standard processes. Honeywell Global, Charlotte, NC February 2007 to March 2013 Electronic Engineer/Project Manager
Completed mobile device PCB circuit board assemblies and repaired motherboards.
Developed and oversaw various Waterfall projects for client pilot projects. Education
BS, Electronic Engineering, ECPI University, Charlotte, NC, 2014
BS, Information Technology, University of Phoenix, Dallas, TX, 2007 Continuous Learning, Certifications
Certified, Explorer, Camtasia® 2022 Certification, TechSmith, 2022
Certified, Voyager, Camtasia® 2022 Certification, TechSmith, 2022
Certified Technical Writer, Technical Writer Certification Course, Technical Writer HQ, 2022
Certified, Cyber Security, MyComputerCareer, 2019
Contact this candidate