COVER LETTER
VEERESH S MAMANI
E-mail: ad542a@r.postjobfree.com,
Telephone: +973*******
Post: Sangmeshwar Nagar, Byadgi
Taluka: Byadgi
District: Haveri
State: Karnataka
Pin: 581106
Respected Manager,
This letter is to express my interest in one of the positions in your prestigious Organization. The opportunity where I can work hard for company’s profitability and my own career growth, and I believe that my strong technical experience will make me a very competitive candidate for the position in your Company. The key strengths that I possess for success in this position include are the following:
• Eager to learn new things
• Strive for continued excellence.
• Provide exceptional contributions to organization towards its growth. With an Automobile Engineering over 10.1 years of work experience. I have a full understanding of the Technical and Automobile functions.
• Maintenance (Common rail engines, clutch, gearbox, propeller shaft, differential, hydraulic and pneumatic system).
• Knowledge about EDC 16-Pin configuration and sensors.
• Diagnosing the common rail engines.
• Operators Management.
Please Go through my CV for additional information on my experience. I can be reached anytime via my cell phone, +919********* Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to speaking with you about this employment opportunity. Sincerely,
Veeresh S Mamani.
CAREER OBJECTIVES:
Seeking a good position to utilize my skills and abilities in a company that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible. Want to work in the environment where i can give my best and get my best. Work Experience:
1. Present experience: (July 2023 - Present)
Working at "Nagarro Software Private Limited" as Senior Engineer (Sr.Technical writer) for client for UD Trucks Pvt Ltd.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Need to develop and document efficient Design and function, Specifications, Repair information (Service & Maintenance), Service Manuals, Owners/ Driver manuals, Body builder instructions for aftermarket technology.
Using illustration tools Catia composer, Corel draw, iso draw, adobe illustrator and adobe frame maker later physical verification if so needed.
Make use of a dedicated authoring tools Grips, adobe frame maker, Arbor-text editor to develop graphical and consistent repair information.
Co-develop new special tools as per market, if necessary.
Able to understand new vehicle technology and select that which support in terms of repair is important for our customers.
Review and analyze engineering data to determine what new service procedures need to be developed, updated or carryover for projects, maintenance and quality issues.
Estimate hours and plan our own work.
Support other departments with technical expert knowledge.
Provide training for new joiners and build the team with technical aspects.
Co-ordination with new projects and providing new requirements as per project scope. 2. Previous Experience: 1 years 5 Months (February 2022 to June 2023) Working at "Alten India Pvt Ltd" as Senior Engineer (Sr.Technical writer) for client for Volvo India Pvt Ltd.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Need to develop and document efficient Design and function, Specifications, Repair information (Service & Maintenance), Service Manuals, Owners/ Driver manuals, Body builder instructions for aftermarket technology.
Using illustration tools Catia composer, Corel draw, iso draw, adobe illustrator and adobe frame maker later physical verification if so needed.
Make use of a dedicated authoring tools Grips, Arbor-text editor to develop graphical and consistent repair information.
Co-develop new special tools as per market, if necessary.
Able to understand new vehicle technology and select that which support in terms of repair is important for our customers.
Review and analyze engineering data to determine what new service procedures need to be developed, updated or carryover for projects, maintenance and quality issues.
Estimate hours and plan our own work.
Support other departments with technical expert knowledge.
Provide training for new joiners and build the team with technical aspects.
Co-ordination with new projects and providing new requirements as per project scope. 2. Previous Experience: 2 years 4 Months (October 2019 to February 2022) Worked at "GGS Information Services India Pvt Ltd" as Service Engineer (Technical writer) for Volvo India Pvt Ltd.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Need to develop and document efficient Design and function, Specifications, Repair information (Service & Maintenance) for aftermarket technology.
Able to understand new vehicle technology and select that which support in terms of repair is important for our customers.
Review and analyze engineering data to determine what new service procedures need to be developed, updated or carryover for projects, maintenance and quality issues.
Plan, drive and verify external production of repair information.
Training and support other departments with technical expert knowledge.
Co-ordination with new projects and provide new requirements as per new project scope. 3. Past Experience: 1 year (September 2018 - October 2019) Worked at “Rivigo Services Pvt Ltd Bangalore” As a Maintenance Shift Engineer. Roles and Responsibilities:
Vehicle testing, troubleshooting and resolving problems of Ashok Leyland & TATA vehicles.
Vendor and OEM Representatives Management (service, warranty and new technologies).
Fleet audit to be carried according to the AL and TATA standards.
Break down report preparation with 5M and 5 why analysis.
Vehicle wise weekly maintenance schedule preparation & Vehicle wise Preventive maintain schedule preparation.
Maintain the store inventory and float assembly.
Prepare root cause analysis of breakdown vehicles and proper counter measure.
Profound understanding of Ashok Leyland & TATA operations and good Knowledge on Process planning & schedule plan.
Driver Training plan from tires company & Truck OEM’S-Monthly.
Fabrication of new vehicles and major accident fabrication work monitoring. 4. Past Experience: 4 years 7 Months (February 2014 – September 2018) Worked at “Vijayanand Roadlines (VRL) Logistics Ltd” As a Service Engineer. Work Profile: Service/Diagnostic Engineer for overall maintenance of Heavy goods vehicle like Tata, Ashok Leyland, Baharat Benz
Roles and Responsibilities:
Diagnosing the EDC 16 vehicles and troubleshooting according to errors.
Working on sensors like (flywheel sensor, engine speed sensor, accelerator pedal sensor, clutch sensor, metering unit sensor, coolant temperature sensor, fuel temp sensor, air temperature sensor, boost pressure sensor, rail pressure sensor etc.) and its use, its trouble shooting.
checking and solving the errors of EDC (Electronic Diesel Control unit) system by using Tech Tool.
Checking of wiring harness and continuity of wiring.
Fabrication of new vehicles and major accident fabrication work monitoring.
Maintenance and repair of accidental vehicle of Heavy goods vehicle common and sensor vehicles.
Maintenance of Engines like common rail engines including block crack test, head leakage and play of crankshaft for proper oil pressure.
Maintenance of gearbox and differential assembly and checking of backlash in crown and pinion assembly.
working on pneumatic brake system like dual brake valve, distribution and drying unit, spring actuator, air compressor, slack adjustor, system protection valve, drum and liners.
Periodic maintenance of fuel-injection-pumps (inline, rotary, common rail system-high high- pressure pumps) its calibration, checking of nozzles. Certificates
• A training program on Bosch inline Fuel Injection Pump.
• Motorcycle Service & Repair (Indira Gandhi National Open University). Education Qualification
2013 Mechanical Engineering from Govt.Engg.College Huvinahadagali (Visvesvaraya Technological University) Bellary Dist.
2010 Diploma (Automobile Engineering) from KLE Society’s Polytechnic Hubli (Department Technical Education, Bangalore).
2006 ITI (Mechanic Motor Vehicle) from SSET ITC Shivabasava Nagar Belguam (Department of Employment & Training).
Skills:
Authoring Tools: Grips, Arbortext Editor and Adobe FrameMaker.
Illustration Tools: Catia Composer, CorelDraw and Creo Parametric. PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth: 30th July 1986.
Father’s name: Shivananda Mamani
Nationality: Indian
Passport number: T5719161
Languages known: Kannada, Hindi, English.
Declaration:
I hereby declare that above furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. Place: Bangalore
Veeresh Mamani
Contact this candidate