Meredith Bailey
Lake Elsinore, CA - *****

Summary:
I am a Technical Writer professional with 15+ working experience in technical writing.
I am skilled at using MS Azure DevOps tool to track my documentation tasks for my software development projects.
I presently work for VSolvit, which is a government contractor that serves the U.S. Navy.
I wrote a help site for a cloud-based SAAS application for Innovyze/Autodesk.
I wrote a User’s Guide, an Installation Guide, and a Troubleshooting Guide for Info360 Insight. I came up with an API Guide for the SWEs on the development team.
I wrote and edited help articles for the Chat tab in Microsoft Teams.
I have around 2 years’ experience with SharePoint and 3 years' experience with OneDrive.

Education:
BA in English from California State University, Channel Islands, CA 2006
AA in Philosophy from Moorpark College, Moorpark, CA 1999

Skills:

Technical:
MS ADO
MS Office 2003, 2010
MS Visio
Microsoft 365
WebWorks ePublisher Express 2009
Microsoft Office FrontPage 2003
Adobe FrameMaker 7.2, 10.0
Epic Editor
Adobe Acrobat
HyperSnap
Paint Shop Pro
Beyond Compare
Author IT
Eclipse
ID Workbench
Parasoft Concerto
Bugzilla
Rational Team Concert
SGML
DITA
MadCap Flare
JIRA
GitHub
Python Programming
Java
API documentation
Perforce
Markdown
Agile
Jama
Confluence
Microsoft Teams

Style Manuals:

Microsoft Manual of Style for Technical Publications
the Chicago Manual of Style
AMA, ASA, and APA manuals of style

Professional Experience:

Vsolvit - Norco, California Jan 2023 - Present
Technical Writer II

Write and edit SOPs and instructions for the U.S. Navy.
Prepare internal documents for online publication.
Track each document from beginning to end of the publication process.
Work on the Norco naval base as a Technical Writer contractor with VSolvit.

Microsoft - Remote Jul. 2022 - Dec. 2022
Technical Writer

Wrote, revised, and edited help articles for Microsoft Teams support site (https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/teams) in Microsoft’s C3 publishing tool.
Tracked all software development documentation tasks in MS Azure Dev Ops (ADO).
Collaborated with Content Designers and UX writers to publish end-user documentation for Microsoft Teams.
Interviewed Microsoft Product Managers to gather information for new features in Chats and Teams & Channels in Microsoft Teams.
Attended biweekly Sprint Planning sessions and weekly Content Experience Design (CxD) meetings.
Adhered to editorial guidelines from the Microsoft Writing Style Guide.

Innovyze via Autodesk - Irvine, CA Dec 2019 - Jun 2022
Technical Writer

Edited, revised, and published help documentation for Info360.com cloud-based platform for data analytics of water distribution network.
Worked in MS ADO to track all my documentations tasks for each sprint and/or milestone for Info360 Insight.
Revised and wrote Quick Start Tutorials for InfoWater Pro’s software applications.
Edited, revised, and published InfoAsset Planner’s online help.
Met with software engineers and test engineers to interview and gather information for the new release of Info360 Asset, Info360 Insight, and InfoWater Pro cloud-based software applications.
Documented a library of custom analytical functions for Info360 Insight.
Attended daily scrum meetings, Sprint Planning sessions, and Research and Development weekly meetings for Info360 Insight and Info360 Asset SaaS solutions.
Worked in Confluence to revise Innovyze’s online help.

Verb Surgical - Mountain View, CA Aug 2019 - Nov 2019
Technical Writer

Wrote, edited, revised, and published internal documentation (Software Design Specifications documents) to Agile in Verb Surgical’s Software Engineering department.
Performed Jama reviews for each Software Design Specifications (SDS) document,
Met with software engineers and test engineers to interview and gather specifications.
Attended daily Agile/Jama meetings with the technical documentation team.
Worked with Doc Control to follow Verb Surgical’s style and guidelines for technical documentation.

Cisco Systems via Innova Solutions, San Jose, CA Aug 2018 - May 2019
Technical Writer

Edited, wrote, revised, and published internal documentation (ISO documents and Support Guides) to wikis and Cisco’s Doc Central repository to inform business analysts and SMEs in Cisco’s Support and Operations department.
Created weekly Case Analytics Excel reports to reflect the new fiscal quarterly statistics.
Managed and updated a Cisco community wiki page called GSLO Release Normalization on a monthly basis.
Serve as a Community Manager of several IBM Community wikis for Cisco’s Global Tactical Systems and Tools (GTST) department.
Attended a weekly Technical Writing Deliverables meeting.
Created screenshots with SnagIT screen capture technology.

Gyrfalcon Technology - Milpitas, CA Nov 2017 - Jan 2018
Technical Writer

Edited, wrote, and updated API documentation for a small artificial intelligence (AI) microprocessor startup.
Edited and wrote marketing material for Gyrfalcon Technology’s website (see https://gyrfalcontech.com/).
Researched AI material to help compose text for marketing material and SDK.
Attended marketing meetings and served as a QA developer on the website. Created a Bug Report and fixed issues related to the website.
Greeted customers, answered customer phone calls, and interfaced with customers in the office.
Took a Python programming class through an online course at MIT.
Created a collection of photos for AI imaging recognition technology.
Created a Datasheet document with the help of the engineering department.
Interviewed SMEs to gather information for Gyrfalcon’s microprocessor system.

Rapid7 - Los Angeles, CA May 2017 - Jun 2017
Technical Writer

Edited, wrote, and updated software documentation for Nexpose Vulnerability Management 6.4.38 software in Madcap Flare.
Updated Release Notes for Nexpose 6.4.38 (see https://help.rapid7.com/nexpose/en-us/release-notes/) as well as online help.
Attended Sprint Critique, Sprint Stand-Up, and Sprint Planning meetings with UX team. Stayed informed of current sprint.
Worked in JIRA to fix bugs and update online help files.
Met with documentation team and product managers to keep up to date with writing processes for Nexpose and InsightVM.

Extras Management, Burbank, CA Feb 2016 - Nov 2017
Extra

Acted in TV shows, live performances, and film projects as a background actor.
Read scripts and prepared for the live or TV performance.
Acted the background part and followed direction from Assistant Directors, Production Assistants, and Second Assistant Directors, and Director.
Acted in the following network TV shows: Modern Family, Fresh off the Boat, Fuller House, Henry Danger, The Good Place, Insecure, Big Little Lies, Great News, Colony, Man with a Plan, The Odd Couple, Scandal, Netflix’s Love, Those Who Can’t, etc.

Medtronic, Northridge, CA Jan 2013 - Feb 2013
Technical Writer

Created, edited, revised, and planned documentation for a medical device company.
Wrote clear content for insulin pump medical device customers.
Researched and composed material for diabetes customers.
Attended Technical Publications staff meetings.
Made sure all of the documentation followed FDA regulations.
Trained on insulin delivery device by attending meetings with engineering.

Teradata - El Segundo, CA Jun 2012 - Sep 2012
Technical Writer

Developed, wrote, maintained, and updated software documentation set of manuals for Teradata Database 14.10 including: Support Utilities and Utilities.
Edited, reorganized, and reformatted Data Dictionary.
Created diagrams and workflows in the Utilities documents.
Gathered information on new features from subject matter experts.
Inspected Release Summary and SQL Geospatial Types for typos, grammatical errors, inconsistencies, and formatting issues prior for the 14.10 Beta release.
Trained on Adobe FrameMaker 10.0 and Linux operating system.
Attended weekly writers’ team meetings to stay abreast of the newest Teradata Database 14.10 features, standards, updates, and documentation processes.

Parasoft, Monrovia, CA Oct 2010 - Apr 2011
Technical and Marketing Writer

Developed, wrote, maintained, and updated software documentation set of manuals for Parasoft Concerto including Concerto Report Center, Concerto Project Center, Concerto Policy Center, Concerto Administration, Concerto Quick Install, and online help.
Created online help for Parasoft Concerto 4.3 and 4.4.
Created a new manual (Concerto Policy Center) to add to the Concerto documentation set of manuals.
Edited and published an internal newsletter on a weekly basis.
Reviewed and edited technical documents.
Created new screenshots throughout the Concerto documentation set of manuals for the Parasoft Concerto 4.4 release.
Acquired expertise with Parasoft Concerto as I documented the manuals and tracked my tasks in Parasoft Concerto.
Attended developmental meetings and communicated with lead software developers to assimilate new features and updates to the Parasoft Concerto software product.

Northrop Grumman - Palmdale, CA Apr 2010 - Aug 2010
Technical Writer

Proofread complex B-2 aircraft maintenance manuals for Northrop Grumman.
Marked pages for typographical, stylistic, and grammatical errors, verified content accuracy and ensured consistency in grammar and style in adherence to military specifications.
Converted B-2 technical manuals from GenCode source code to Arbortext Epic Editor.

IBM Tivoli Software - Agoura Hills, CA Feb 2008 - Apr 2010
Information Developer

Developed, wrote, maintained, and updated a complex software documentation set for a mainframe monitoring system including user’s guide, tuning guide, online help, troubleshooting guide, and planning and configuration guide.
Embraced the Agile software development process by attending daily scrum meetings, sprint planning sessions, reflections meetings, customer demonstrations, internal demonstrations, and release planning sessions.
Inspected OMEGAMON XE for Storage on z/OS documentation set and used the Fagan inspection reporting sheet to record feedback.
Interfaced with software testers, developers, and development managers to assimilate new features and updates to the OMEGAMON XE for Storage on z/OS software product.
Trained an information developer in China on how to author in DITA (SGML), use the Rational Team Concert software tool, deliver online help, and update documentation.
Contact this candidate