JAVIER GAVILANES MUNOZ DE LUCAS

+346******** ad5cr1@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/javier-gavilanes/

PROFILE

System Engineer with significant and extensive experience producing technical documentation and also aside other relevant functions related with my profession as an Engineer in fields like Railways, Aerospace, satellite, defence, embedded hardware equipment test verification/validation, production, electronic hardware integration, subsystem validation, commissioning, test plans, cable schedules, schematic drawings.

KEY RELEVANT SKILLS AND STRENGTHS

Producing technical documentation with extensive experience in Excel, Powerpoint, Word, data reading and data entry from databases or spreadsheets for example from MySQL databases and DOORS software. Some of these documents includes FAT and SAT documents, worst case analysis (DFMEA), user manuals, BOM list, cable schedule, test plans, test verification/validation, cable schedules, schematic drawings.

Experience of hardware equipment production from concept to final validations/verification/calibration with strong manufactured-oriented focusing (DFM, TFM) responsible for the development, design of hardware equipment, V&V (test verification/validation) during fabrication and commissioning stages and production of technical documentation, capturing and reading electrical schematics/PCB for the satellite, railways, embedded hardware multipurpose boards, aerospace and naval industries.
Proficient in managing and configuring test equipment tools for hardware measurement, electronic boards, systems integration, and radio-frequency equipment
Dealing with clients, with strong support during every stage in the production and delivering of complex projects.

SKILLS

Microsoft Office: MS Office including: MS Excel, MS Word, MS Power Point.
Databases: MySQL
Operative systems: Windows.
Systems Engineer tools: Working experience with Rational DOORS, Trace Cloud, Requirement Definitions, Jira, Confluence.
Laboratory test equipment: Oscilloscopes, Signal generators, frequency meter, spectrum analysers, network analysers, bolometers, DMM, VNA.
Electronic design/simulation software tools: Altium design, PCSPICE, ADS.
Communication and control instrumental equipment with GPIB, TCP/IP, USB, RS232.
Computer languages: C++, Python, Visual Basic.NET

EMPLOYMENT

Calibration Engineer Technician Feb 2023 – Nov 2023
Babcock International (global defense and aerospace company) Auckland, New Zealand
https://www.babcockinternational.com/

Carry out calibration and repair activities on Electronic and Communications test equipment.
Identify and rectify faults in test equipment.
Assist Calibration Services Manager in reviewing and updating current systems to
extend through life support of life x electronic test equipment for the NZDF.
IANZ and international standards fully calibration of hardware devices.
Ensure all maintenance, repair and calibration of equipment is carried out and completed
to schedule, in accordance with customer specifications and requirements.
Calibrate and repair a wide range of analogue and digital low-voltage electronic test
equipment
Highlight any possible cost overruns or defects which may arise.
Develop test procedures for Air and Navy electronic and communication test equipment.
Assist in the planning of Calibration Centre workload when input is deemed necessary.
Work as part of a team to achieve delivery of unit outputs.
Programming for automatic test procedures using C++ based source codes and VBA.

System Engineer May 2019 – October 2022
Self-employed/contract

Assisting with technical documentation in railways, aerospace, electrical industry.

Electronic Architect solution Athena Filter wheel electrical subsystem at Thales Alenia Space Zurich-Switzerland.
Pendant Multi transceiver VHF low pass filter and harmonic suppressor schematic design and PCB layout Sydney-Australia (remote work)
RAM Report High Speed Line VALEBU Madrid-Spain
Validation Report Puigcerda Madrid-Spain
Validation Report Hospitalet Madrid-Spain

System Engineer Nov 2017 – Jun 2018
Performance Drivers (specialized management consultants) Sydney, Australia www.performancedrivers.com.au/

Supporting technical documentation including cable schedule, electrical interconnections and installation plans during the commissioning of different subsystems like: signalling, telco, power source and communications for Capital Metro project.
Producing, technical documentation for Meridian V1.2, related to all systems, subsystems and work packages.
Managing DOORS and Trace Cloud databases software to update, review and trace subsystem requirement according to their functionality and electrical specifications.
Producing DIR (Deployed Item Register) reports, updating equipment and material used during all subsystems roll out for Capital Metro project.
Updating cable schedule for both, external and internal cables and wires connecting between racks, subsystems and equipment in all Stops for Capital Metro Project.

Achievements:
Migrated and updated electrical and communications subsystem requirements from DOORs to Trace Cloud software requirement tool.
Updating, reviewing and improving electrical schematic drawing related with cable scheduling and wiring connections for electrical, power and telco subsystems for Capital Metro Project.

Senior System Engineer May 2017 – Jul 2017
MCS Digital. (radio communications systems and equipment) Melbourne, Australia http://mcsdigital.com.au/

Producing technical documentation related to V&V tests included in SAT (Site acceptance testing) stage before commissioning of Communication racks system for Sydney Train project.

Lead Hardware Engineer Nov 2015 – March 2016
Digi International (hardware, software production and support) Logrono, Spain http://www.digi.com

Developing and producing DVT (Design Verification Test procedure) according with IEEE standards 802.11/a b g n ac and 802.15.1 for the RF module embedded into the multipurpose board Connect Core i.MX6UL which includes WLAN, Bluetooth capabilities.

Research Assistant Dec 2013 – Aug 2014
Electrical, Engineering and Telecommunications School, University of New South Wales (UNSW) Sydney, Australia
http://www.eet.unsw.edu.au

Designing and performing the initial verification tests of the RF board PC104 based on the Namuru receiver which includes RF switching configuration for GPS antennas built in the cubesat prototype for the QB50 project.
Performing the initial research of nanosatellites-type technology for the program of Masters in Satellites Systems developed by the Electrical Engineering and Telecommunications School of the University of NSW.

Project Consultant Mar 2008 – May 2011
Altran Technologies (IT Consultancy) Madrid, Spain http://www.Altran.com

Measuring non-functional certification tests for an electro-mechanic interlocking equipment WESTRACE/MK II according to the UNE railway European normative for DIMETRONIC
Researching and developing technical documentation, electrical plans, interfaces plans and cable schedule for COMSSIC project for Spanish Navy ships project at Indra Systems.
Researching and developing technical documentation, electrical plans, interfaces plans and cable schedule for SECOMSAT project for Spanish Navy ships radars project at Indra Systems.

Achievement:
Researching and producing non-functional certification tests for WESTRACE/MARK II interlocking device.

Key Projects
Assessing SAM documentation for BOOM SubSystem (Airbus A330 in-flight Air Refuelling System) for EADS/CASA (Madrid, Spain 2008)
Studying and developing the non-functional battery test for the interlocking electronic card WESTRACE/MK II according to the UNE railway European normative for DIMETRONIC (Madrid, Spain 2009)
Researching and developing all technical documentation, electrical plans, interfaces plans and material and wire list of COMSSIC project for Spanish navy ships for Indra Systems (Madrid, Spain 2009-2011)
Researching and developing technical documentation, electrical plans, interfaces plans and material and wire list of the SECOMSAT project for Spanish navy ships radars for Indra Systems (Madrid, Spain 2010-2011)

TTC Subsystems Engineer Feb 2000 – Feb 2006
Thales Alenia Space (Former Alcatel Space) (Satellite equipment design and production) Madrid, Spain
https://www.thalesgroup.com/en

Designing and producing radiofrequency equipment for satellites, analogue/digital circuits.
Performing electronic simulations with different EDA software: Altium, ADS, Mentor graphics, PCSpice, ECAD.
Providing technical research and analysis for future satellite projects
Prototyping, assembling electronic circuits, subsystems level.
Testing and calibrating RF electronic boards with Test equipment tools (spectrum analyzers, oscilloscopes, VNA, DMM, power meter) including test on temperature chambers, vacuum chambers, EMC and vibration.
Writing all technical documentation involved during the different lifecycle stages of the production, capturing schematics, PCB design, components listing and user manuals. Following DFT and DFM procedures.

Key Projects
Designing and developing two FM Receptors electronic equipments in the VHF band for MTSAT project for the Japan Meteorological Agency
Designing and testing back-panel board for LEOSTAR transponder equipment. (Madrid, Spain 2001)
Designing and developing two FM Transmitters electronic equipment in the VHF band for MTSAT II project for the Japan Meteorological Agency
Designing, developing and delivering five FM transponders equipment in X-Band for Herschel - Planck project for the ESA (European Space Agency)
Studying and developing conceptual design of the FM down-converter electronic equipment for COMS project for South Korean Aerospace and Research Institute (KARI)

EDUCATION

QMS Aerospace standard AS 9100D Auditor April 2020
SAE International – Madrid, Spain

QMS Standard ISO 9001:2015 Internal Auditor Mar 2020
360Training – Madrid, Spain

Advanced Diploma IT Feb 2015 – Sept 2015
Kent Institute of Business and Technology – Sydney, Australia

Diploma in IT Jan 2013 – Nov 2014
Australasia Academies – Sydney, Australia

Certificate IV in Business Nov 2017 – Jun 2018
The Eagle Academy– Gold Coast, Australia

Postgraduate Diploma in Satellite Communications Jun 2001 - Sep 2005
EUI Telecommunications University – Madrid, Spain.

Master’s Degree in Telecommunications Engineering Feb 1993 -Dec 2001
Polytechnic University of Madrid

INTERESTS

Travel, cinema, internet, fixing computers, reading
Sports: swimming and tennis

REFEREES ARE AVAILABLE ON REQUEST
Contact this candidate