Sandra G. Stitt
Herndon, VA *****
571-***-**** (m), 571-***-**** (m)
Email: ad5e8i@r.postjobfree.com

PAST PERFORMANCE:

Senior technical writer and editor with over 20 years of experience in information technology (IT), scientific, and financial industry documentation, testing, quality assurance, and proposal support, focused on supporting the implementation of system software and mobile applications utilizing System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Agile methodologies. Knowledgeable in cyber-security certification and accreditation (C&A) standards, including NIST and FISMA. Additionally seasoned in editing, writing, and reporting for the healthcare industry and corporate communications following various style guides. Seasoned in marketing campaigns utilizing presentation and online help skills. Proposal writing encompasses developing responses to RFPs for web, mobile, SaaS, and e-commerce solutions development contracts for federal and local governments and enterprise industries. Highly skilled with system software, training materials and online help, standard operating procedures (SOPs), and technical documentation utilizing HTML tools, MS Word, PowerPoint, Visio, and SharePoint. Proficient verbal and written communication skills and ability to learn new technologies and applications quickly ensures excellence in working with software developers, analysts, and other SMEs, clients, and stakeholders in the gathering and dissemination of electronic technical information to diverse audiences. Experience has cultivated a focused attention to detail, accuracy, and readability, and flexibility to changing requirements and milestones.

WORK EXPERIENCE:

Contracting Work for Technical Writing/ Editing/QA in the DC Metro Area 10/14 to 2/24

Clients and Work Highlights:

●State of Florida Justice Administrative Commission (JAC): Provided technical writing support for researching and documenting current processes for a statewide process and tracking system in transition to a future updated system through meetings with users and SMEs. (2/2024)
●Schatz Publishing: Served as an editor for a Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) Office of Operations contract. Edited PowerPoint presentations and other documents for grammar, clarity, compliance, and layout following various style guides and federal guidance. (8/2022 – 10/2022)
●Focused Management, Inc. (FMI): Supported the service desk division of a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) contract. Created/updated system documentation, monthly/quarterly reports, and meeting minutes through collaboration with federal teams. (11/2021 – 12/2021)
●Servomex (Softworld, Inc.): Edited and formatted an extensive user guide for an air/moisture detection device for an international technical engineering readership. (6/2021 – 7/2021)
●BNY Mellon Bank (Zillion Technologies): Provided technical writing support to an IT security and financial services contract. Updated daily and weekly executive reports. (1/2020)
●CIA (AECOM): Provided technical writing support for the Managed Information Systems (MIS) division of a facilities maintenance IC contract. (5/2019 - 6/2019)
●National Technical Information Service (VERSA IS): Supported a U.S. DOC division contractor in identifying information to be converted into technical documentation such as user manuals/SOPs. (10/2018 - 11/2018)
●CDM Smith Inc. (Northern VA Temporaries): Served as technical editor for national environmental and engineering reports and project documentation following and submitting changes to evolving style guides. (4/2018 - 5/2018)
●DOT/FMCSA (Longevity Consulting): Prepared SOPs for FMCSA National Training Center functions such as FedEx Print Online for course materials and LXR user guide. Proofread outgoing documentation for content/grammar. (4/2017 - 7/2017)
●Federal Reserve Board (Communications Resource Inc.): Supported a Federal Reserve Board (FRB) Intelligence & Resiliency Programs (IRP) division contract through editing of client and program management documentation such as COOP, Communications, and QA Plans. Assisted project manager in tracking deliverables, assignments, and project milestones. (8/2016 - 10/2016)
●NIH (JBS International): Provided editing for a Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA)/ Center for Substance Abuse Treatment (CSAT) and National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) contractor. (6/2016 - 7/2016)
●Operational Research Consultants (ORC) (Jones Networking): Reviewed and edited public key infrastructure (PKI) documentation, verifying and ensuring annual compliance with federally mandated criteria (NIST 800-63) for a company specializing in the issuance of U.S. Government authentication credentials for public key cryptographic technology. (8/2015)
●ICMA-RC (Robert Half Technical): Provided technical writing support for the Information Technology Division (ITD) of a non-profit independent financial services corporation focused on providing retirement plans and related services for more than 1.2 million public sector participant accounts. (4/2015 - 6/2015)
●GSA (AAC): Supported the update of the GSA Information Technology Contingency Plan (ITCP), Disaster Recovery and COOP Plans for Capitol Office and 12 Regions. (10/14 - 11/14)

Astegic, Inc., Vienna, VA 2/14 to 9/14
Contract Sr. Proposal/Technical Writer

●Enhanced the proposal efforts of an SBA 8(a), Woman-owned company in response to RFPs for web, mobile, SaaS, and e-commerce solutions development contracts for Federal and local governments and enterprise industries following CMMI Maturity Level 2 and ISO 9001:2008-registered processes.
●Additionally produced documentation including application integration and API guides, website analyses, and business plans. Application development documentation included native, responsive, and hybrid apps, both iOS and Android, including COTS products, with an emphasis on User Experience (UX) and security policies and procedures for web-based applications. Developed company and product brochures for annual industry conferences and other marketing endeavors.

Consulting Work for Proposal/Technical Writing in the DC Metro Area 6/12 to 6/13
Clients and Work Highlights:

●L-3 Communications: Supported the staffing effort for more than 1,800 contract positions for the CIA Innovations to Solutions (i2S) contract. Prepared resumes for open positions through extensive, time-sensitive analysis and editing of skills and position requirements.
●Hewlett-Packard (HP): Supported the incumbent candidate for a $4 billion NGEN contract proposal for the Navy-Marine Corps Intranet. Assisted in developing the NGEN staffing plan over 5 years from contract award to transition and maintenance. Researched, edited, and formatted candidate resumes.

CACI International, Inc., Arlington, VA 1/12 to 4/12
Technical Writer/Tester

●Supported the Community Development Block Grant program’s Integrated Disbursement Information System (IDIS) for a U.S. Office of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) contract, providing HUD with current information regarding program activities.
●Performed analysis of current system help files and created new files where appropriate according to system modifications and functionalities utilizing HTML tools.

C3 Systems, Herndon, VA 12/09 to 6/10
Senior Technical Writer, HUD HECM Contract
●Provided technical documentation support for a U.S. HUD reverse mortgage system project. Edited requirements documents, system development documents, and system cyber-security plans.
●Assisted in coordination of SharePoint document portal and CMMI ML3-registered management and improvement processes.

Intact Technology, Inc., Washington, DC 2/09 to 10/09
Technical Documentation Consultant, Office of Information Technology, PBGC

●Provided technical documentation and quality assurance support for the development, upgrade, and release of the HP Service Manager 7 (SM7) automated service desk COTS product for the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, ensuring completeness and adherence to required templates.
●Produced weekly team and management meeting minutes and tracked project action items and milestones. Worked on project extension contract following product release in coordination of deployment and outreach to PBGC user community, supporting SM7 user training sessions and compiling participant evaluation summaries and reports.

Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts (AOUSC), Washington, DC 10/08 to 12/08
Technical Writer, Office of Internal Services, Office of the Chief Technology Officer 4/06 to 11/07

●Edited and updated application and preferred product information and standards for a Technical Reference Manual for publication to federal courts nationwide. Interviewed SMEs and attended technical meetings for updates. Produced documentation for an AOUSC contract for a large nationwide intranet system.

PSI International, Inc., Rockville, MD 3/05 to 1/06
Technical Writer

●Provided technical writing support to the Food and Drug Administration Adverse Event Reporting Programs Support (AERPS) contract, updating SOPs and other contract documentation to support processing of 1,500-2,000 weekly adverse drug events.
●Assisted in successful rebid and capture of 4-plus year contract renewal via interviews and submission of core project team personnel biographies for contract proposal. Maintained and updated resumes for 100-plus contract staff. Edited and contributed to newsletter.
●Supported the FDA CBER Lot Release System (LRS) contract, an Oracle client-server application used by CBER's Product Release Branch that supports the processing and release of lots of licensed biological products. Included creating and editing updated user guides, online help files, system resources web pages, and other documentation to include milestone functionality and other features of LRS Release 5.0, a major enhancement adding the functionality of milestones tracking throughout the lot review/approval process.
●Supported the achievement of CMM Level 2 certification for the LRS government client.

RSIS, Inc., Washington, DC 1/04 to 1/05
Technical Writer

●Performed technical writing, editing, and QA for an FMCSA contract, editing security plans, technical architecture, risk assessment, disaster recovery and COOP plans in compliance with mandated agency application security certification and accreditation (C&A) assessments following NIST and FISMA. Supported a Federal Railroad Administration national security analysis project.
●Supported capital planning, including annual OMB 300 agency funding applications, federal earned value management and EA requirements, white papers and conference presentations, captured weekly meeting minutes, and implemented online calendar.

Thomas & Herbert, Arlington, VA 10/02 to 5/03
Technical Writer/Quality Assurance

●Supported the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office's Enterprise Architecture implementation. Wrote and edited high-level architecture and security architecture infrastructure incorporating NIST and FISMA criteria, rewrites of technical standards and guidelines, and program documentation.
●Worked closely with system engineers and architects, as well as the client, under aggressive weekly deliverable deadlines.
●Assisted in development and editing of intellectual property industry white papers.
●Served in quality assurance document review for consultant software engineers and architects to ensure format and content accuracy. Utilized extensive USPTO knowledge and experience in apprising team members and senior management of issues and recommendations for resolution.

Analytical Sciences, Inc., Bethesda, MD 7/02 to 10/02
Consultant Writer/Editor

●Edited scientific/medical peer-reviewed funding application summaries for Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program funding endeavors, ensuring editorial, grammatical, and format accuracy and content consistency with peer-reviewed application scoring results in a deadline environment.
●Additionally created summary statements for the NIH National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases funding endeavors from peer-reviewed applications.

Lockheed Martin Information Technology, Arlington, VA 4/98 to 4/02
Senior Technical Writer

●Wrote and edited system software and user documentation for a U.S. Patent and Trademark Office software development contract. Translated technical system information into simplified customer and user materials such as design documents, white papers, USPTO website user analysis, user and programmer maintenance manuals, operational support plans, and online help materials.
●Interacted with system engineers, analysts, and quality assurance personnel to ensure technical and editorial accuracy of copy. Worked on a diverse number of projects and tasks, including an Internet patent application initiative given a 100-percent customer approval rating and noted in October 11, 1999 issue of Federal Computer Week, October 27, 2000 issue of Government Computer News, and January 2001 issue of Lockheed Martin Today.
●Received "Lightning Awards" for work performed under aggressive deadlines.

U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service, Washington, DC 11/96 to 4/98
Technical Writer, EDS

●Wrote and edited system software and program documentation for the inspections division of the EDS U.S. INS Information Technology Partnership (INS-ITP) contract.
●Translated technical system information into simplified text for user manuals, requirements and design documents, meeting minutes, broadcast messages utilizing SDLC standards.
●Supported the National Automated Immigration Lookout System (NAILS) Year 2000 software conversion. Awarded Certificate of Appreciation in October 1997.

United Information Systems, Bethesda, MD 10/95 to 11/96
Editor/Quality Assurance Leader (Consultant)

●Edited scientific/medical peer-reviewed funding application summaries for U.S. Army-funded medical research projects as a consultant editor in a deadline environment.
●Ensured style, grammatical, and content consistency with peer-reviewed application scoring results. Quality assurance (QA) position entailed oversight of editorial team, training of QA and editorial staff, production of UIS Editors' Guide and Style Manual, and liaison with management staff.

FDC Reports, Inc., Chevy Chase, MD 6/94 to 9/95
Reporter

●Reported on issues related to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries for the Pink Sheet, a specialized international weekly publication. Included coverage of FDA, NIH, HCFA, FTC and other government agencies, federal and state legislation, Medicare and Medicaid, healthcare reform, managed care, pharmaceutical associations and consumer groups as well as private industry.
●Developed story ideas and leads from meetings and press releases. Produced additional articles for Health News Daily and weekly pharmacy publications. Competed with coverage by national news media such as the Washington Post, New York Times, and WS Journal.

Education: B.A., English, Writing Program, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA, 1989
Contact this candidate