John Zhao

**** **** ***. #*** 408-***-****
Santa Clara, CA 95051 ad5fke@r.postjobfree.com

QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY

Senior technical writer with 26 years of technical writing experience.
M.A. degree in English, certificate in Technical Writing, and diplomas in computer technology.
Strong writing, research, and communication skills.
Proficient in all major documentation authoring and graphics tools.
Able to grasp complex technical concepts and learn new skills quickly.
Able to manage multiple projects concurrently under tight schedules.

KEY SKILLS

XML DITA, Adobe FrameMaker (structured and unstructured), Adobe Acrobat Pro, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), RoboHelp, WebWorks ePublisher, Adobe InDesign, Arbotext Editor, Microsoft Project
HTML, MadCap Flare, Oxygen, CSS, Dreamweaver
Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Captivate, Visio, Paintshop Pro, SnagIT
Perforce, Cornerstone, Jira, Confluence, SharePoint, ClearCase
Windows, Unix, Networking
C/C++, Visual C++, Visual Basic, Java, JavaScript, Oracle/SQL Server, API, SDK
FPGA. CPLD, Mass Spectrometry (MS), Liquid Chromatography (LC), Software IP, Telecommunication, Agile Development Methodology, Single Source Publishing, Content Management System

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

4/2022-present: Senior Technical Writer, Intel Corporation, Santa Clara, CA

Design, write, revise, and edit technical documentation for Intel PSG Group’s FPGA devices using DITA XML Oxygen, Acrobat, and HSD ES system. Work with CEG and Engineering to prepare new documents or update existing documents such as IP User Guide, Design Example User Guide, and Release Notes.

7/2018-3/2022: Senior Technical Writer (Contract), Applied Materials, Santa Clara, CA
Develop and author new product technical documentation for Applied Materials’ semiconductor equipment, using MS Word, FrameMaker, and DITA XML (Oxygen). Work cross-functionally with SMEs to collect product information and specifications and transform the information into end user manuals.

2017-2018: Senior Technical Writer (Contract), Samsung Semiconductor, San Jose, CA
Create, edit, and update documentation for Samsung ARTIK platform. Documentation includes datasheets, application notes, hardware and software user guides, quick start, software developer guides, and other documents specified by Sales and Marketing.

2016-2017: Senior Technical Writer (Contract), Huawei Technologies, Santa Clara, CA

Researched, wrote, edited, and published a wide variety of technical materials in support of Huawei’s software applications, computer systems, servers, storage, preparing and updating portions of software guides, online Help systems, technical papers, quick starts, evaluation tools, and installation guides.
Contributed to the design and wording of presentations, documents and user interfaces, to improve users’ understanding.
Quickly and effectively translating documents between English and Mandarin.

2011-2016: Senior Technical Writer, Dialog Semiconductor, Campbell, CA

Wrote all product documentation for Dialog’s AC/DC and DC/DC power supply applications. Main job duties and responsibilities include:

Created and updated datasheets, application notes, white papers, design guides, and user manuals.
Created engineering charts and diagrams using Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, and Visio.
Worked closely with engineers, designers, and project managers to obtain information needed for completing the documents.
Worked with web developers to get documents posted on the company website.
Maintained multiple projects concurrently.
Managed the document release process from start to finish, in coordination with Marketing and Operations.

2008-2011: Senior Technical Writer, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., San Jose, CA
In an Agile development environment, researched, developed, wrote, and revised software and hardware documentation in various formats for Thermo Fisher Scientific’s Mass Spectrometry (MS) and Liquid Chromatography (LC) systems. Managed and published documentation using single sourcing. Essential duties and responsibilities include:

Documented and updated software user manuals, installation guides, administrator guides, reference manuals, hardware manuals, Help, and videos, using Adobe FrameMaker, Acrobat, MS Word, WebWorks ePublisher Pro, Captivate, PhotoShop, and Illustrator.
Independently managed multiple projects.
Collaborated, as a member of project teams, with subject-matter experts, product managers, QA, and product support to produce on-time, accurate user documentation. Resolved many documentation issues in the collaboration.
Made recommendations to the project teams about user interfaces, error messages, tool tips, pop-up dialogs, and usability. As a result, the GUI of LC software was greatly improved after its release in May 2011.

2003-2008: Senior Technical Writer, Xilinx, Inc., San Jose, CA
Researched, designed, developed, and maintained technical documentation for Xilinx’s FPGA design software suite. Documentation included user guides/manuals, datasheets, application notes, online help, and many others. Target users included all customers of Xilinx. Main job duties and responsibilities include:

Created documentation plans and maintained project schedules, so that all projects being handled were on track.
Performed audience and task analysis to investigate the needs of the target audience and their workflow. Ensured all documentation is targeted at the appropriate users.
Worked with software developers to obtain the information to incorporate in the documentation. Attended Product Release Team (PRT) meetings.
Coordinated technical reviews, and tested deliverables for clarity, accuracy, and usability. Received positive comments from SMEs and end-users on all FPGA documentation I had created and updated for good quality and usability.
Resolved documentation issues by working with SMEs, managers, and team members. Participated in a departmental documentation overhaul campaign and fixed 28 documentation errors.
Worked as a team player and assisted other peers and associates. Contributed to documentation tool transition (from FrameMaker to XML) in the department.
Continued to learn new knowledge and skills related to the job. Learned XML, DITA, and Arbortext Editor.

2000-2002: Senior Technical Writer, Yahoo! Inc., Sunnyvale, CA
Researched, designed, and wrote enterprise recruiting software documentation for Yahoo! Enterprise Solutions. Worked on both printed and online documentation. Target audiences included end-users, system administrators, database administrators, and Yahoo! Resumix’s Professional Services team. As a member of the Technical Publications Group:

Wrote end-user manuals, installation and configuration instructions, system maintenance guides, reference manuals, release notes, and training materials using FrameMaker, Word, and Acrobat.
Designed graphics and captured screen shots using Paintshop Pro, Visio, and Photoshop. Updated all graphics in manuals for Recruiter’s Desktop.
Developed both Windows and Web-based online documentation using RoboHelp Office and Dreamweaver. Updated Help for Recruiter’s Desktop.
Managed source control systems and project schedules using ClearCase, Scopus, and Microsoft Project.
Worked closely with developers, project managers, QA engineers, and Customer Technical Support team to deliver timely, accurate, and high-quality documentation.
Participated in technical discussions as a cross-functional team member.
Contributed to product usability and user interface design.
Contributed to Tech Pubs departmental standards and procedures.

1998-2000: Technical Writer, Ericsson Research Canada, Montreal
Wrote software documentation for Ericsson’s Wireless Mobile Intelligence Network, with the network administrator as the target audience. Worked interactively with product managers, software engineers, and testers to obtain product and other technical information. Documentation include user manuals, installation guides, configuration guides, and Help. Used FrameMaker, RoboHelp, Acrobat, and WebWorks as major tools for documentation.

EDUCATION & TRAINING

Master of Arts in English, Carleton University, Ottawa, Canada
Certificate in Technical Writing and Communication, San Jose State University
Diploma in C/C++ Windows Application Developer, CompuSkills Information Institute, Ottawa
Diploma in Computer Support Specialist, Toronto School of Business
Certificate in Mass Spectrometry, De Anza College, Cupertino, CA
Certificate in Dreamweaver, Ericsson Research Canada, Montreal
Certificate in Helicopter Avionics, Bell Helicopter Textron, Montreal
Interpretation Workshops and Seminars
Contact this candidate