GREGG PEARLMAN
ad5r1o@r.postjobfree.com 650-***-****
QUALIFICATIONS
Senior technical writer for Bloom Energy.
Senior technical writer for Hitachi Vantara.
Senior technical writer for PayPal.
Senior technical consultant for Larsen & Toubro Infotech (LTI).
Senior technical writer for Apple.
Senior technical writer for Tesla Motors.
Documentation editor and technical writer for Cenzic Inc.
Website and publications coordinator for Stanford University School of Medicine.
Technical editor for GTE Government Systems (electronic defense).
Writer and editor for magazines and websites.
Extensive knowledge of Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook, extensive experience with Jira, significant experience with Confluence, DITA, HTML, desktop publishing, and website design programs, as well as Trello and Salesforce Quip.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Arts in Journalism, San Francisco State University
EMPLOYMENT
April 2021–July 2023: Senior Technical Writer, Bloom Energy, Process Engineering via Randstad and Adecco
Wrote step-by-step instructions for internal manuals for manufacturing equipment maintenance and assembly. Wrote equipment commissioning documents. Photographed and video-recorded procedures and extracted stills to use in the documents. The major manuals covered HDX LP and KS furnaces and several Keeylocko products.
December 2019–March 2021: Senior Technical Writer, Hitachi Vantara, Digital Infrastructure Business Unit, Innovations and Solutions—Engineering, Technical Publications via Xoriant
Edited and wrote DITA topics for Hitachi Ops Center Automator User Guide, Service User Builder Guide, Installation and Configuration Guide, REST API User and Reference Guide, Hitachi Content Platform (HCP) and HCP Anywhere. Wrote content for HCP Anywhere User Help and Administrator Help. Converted HCP documentation from MadCap Flare to DITA.
Edited and wrote release notes for Hitachi Unified Content Platform Director.
Learned DITA using oXygen XML Editor.
July 2019–December 2019: Senior Technical Writer, PayPal via Intelliswift
Organized and maintained over 700 pages in Confluence. Edited for content and clarity, collaborating with page and section owners. Organized, set up, and maintained Jira project for tracking Confluence document changes and progress.
Wrote Project Polaris Run Book and an article for PayPal newsletter.
Generated diagrams and other graphics for Confluence pages and PowerPoint presentations.
October 2018–June 2019, Senior Technical Consultant, LTI/Senior Technical Writer, Apple
Researched and wrote online help documents involving step-by-step instructions for software products related to General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) guidelines for personal data retention and disposal.
Researched and wrote “getting started” online help documentation for GBI Data Lab software and its components: Notebooks, Jobs, Hue, and Flows.
Conducted job interviews with technical writer candidates.
GREGG PEARLMAN (continued)
ad5r1o@r.postjobfree.com 650-***-****

April 2017–September 2018, Senior Technical Writer, Tesla Motors, Inc., Fremont, CA
Rewrote and edited Work Instruction documents: step-by-step instructions used by line associates in General Assembly for assembling Tesla motor vehicles. Photographed and videotaped the work process.
Collaborated with engineers using Tortoise SVN, Atlassian Jira, Atlassian Confluence, and Proplanner/Assembly Planner software.
Developed internal document-tracking system.
Developed Bridge courses for Model 3 assembly and Proplanner.
Conducted job interviews with technical writer candidates
Interviewed associates and engineers.
September 2014–April 2017: Technical Writer, Tesla Motors, Inc., Fremont, CA
Rewrote and edited Equipment Maintenance Specifications and Troubleshooting Information documents: step-by-step instructions for maintenance personnel working with machines used in the manufacture of Tesla motor vehicles. Photographed and videotaped the work process.
Collaborated with engineers using Tortoise SVN and Atlassian Jira.
Developed internal document-tracking system.
Interviewed associates and consulted with engineers.
November 2012– July 2014: Documentation Editor/Writer, Cenzic Inc., Campbell, CA
Edited documentation for a leading website security software developer.
Generated step-by-step documents in HTML (including index) that accompany the software as help files.
Edited and reorganized “Quick Start” documents.
Collaborated with engineers using Jira and Tortoise Git.
Before 2012
Coordinated and edited complex federal grant applications from initial author input to delivery.
Generated, edited, and maintained style guides.
Designed, constructed, and maintained extensive databases for alumni surveys, recruitment advisors, and an annual summer program. Databases included layouts for data entry, surveys, mail labels, individually addressed letters with scanned signatures, and data sheets.
Coordinated and edited electronic defense proposals from initial author input to delivery.
Proofread, copy edited, and formatted documents. Performed layout and graphic design, printing, and binding.
Developed, solicited, assigned, and edited articles for monthly computer publications, overseeing them from conception through working drafts to final publication.
Helped assign article priority.
Conducted interviews with computer industry authorities.
Proofread galleys and mechanicals.
Wrote and edited several monthly columns for computer publications.
Wrote software and hardware product reviews and feature stories.
Edited Programming Hints column and Letters to the Editor.
Contact this candidate