Marjorie Dodge
*** **** ****** ****, ********, PA 7547
ad5slw@r.postjobfree.com 717-***-****

Objective
Employment in a field which will make use of my greatest strength, i.e., my verbal ability
Education
Millersville University
2023 – Present / Pursuing B.A. in English (Writing Studies), 4.0 average
Lebanon Valley College, Annville, PA
1967 – 1970 / English Major, Honors Program

Marple-Newtown High School, Newtown Square, PA
1964 – 1967 / Graduated 1967, Advanced Placement Program
Experience
Hospitality Positions
Hotel Front Desk Agent
Various Hotels (2017-Present) – all front desk duties, including extensive customer service, experience with multiple computerized PMS (property management systems), handling of cash and credit transactions, taking, revising and cancelling reservations, checking guests in and out, etc.

Amtrak 30th Street Station, Philadelphia, PA
Executive Secretary to Director (various departments) – 1976 – 2003
Stationmaster’s Office (1996-2002) – writing, editing, and word processing of all departmental communications, transcription of labor trials (utilizing Dictaphone), maintenance of train orders for conductors and engineers, responsibility for uniform program for all conductors based in Philadelphia (including inventory maintenance and placement of orders), telephones
Budget Department (1990-1996) – proofreading, editing, and word processing of all reports and correspondence issued by the department, communications coordination, telephones
Contract Administration (1977-1990) – proofreading, editing, and word processing of all correspondence, including legal documents, requests for quotation and requests for bid packages, input of computerized purchase orders, telephones, dictation, additionally, supervision of three (3) clerical workers
Labor Relations (1976-1977) – proofreading, editing, and word processing of extensive correspondence, including labor contracts, letters of agreement, transcription of labor trials (utilizing both Dictaphone and stenography), creation and maintenance of claim files, telephones, dictation
Brotherhood of Maintenance of Way Employes [sic] New Jersey Local
Appeals Writer – 1985-1987
Researching and ghostwriting claim letters of appeal for General Chairman of Local BMWE

Belknap Freeman, P.E. Engineer – Freelance / Amtrak (Retired)
Technical Editor – 1983-1986
Proofreading, editing, and word processing of technical papers, e.g., a 42-page feasibility study on the use of fiber optics in Thailand
Skills
Writing
Editing / Technical Editing
Proofreading
Microsoft Office – Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Credentials
Letter of Recommendation (attached) --
Robert K Hill, Senior Director of Finance and Business Planning, Amtrak (Retired)
35+ years active member of Mensa
Additional Information
I’ve had a lifelong love affair with words. For years, I wrote poetry – have been fortunate enough to have been published several times – and lately have discovered a knack for writing creative prose, as well. I studied English for two-and-a-half years at Lebanon Valley College (Honors Program), and am currently pursuing a B.A. in English (Writing Studies) at Millersville University. My GPA is 4.0. For my most recent course at Millersville University, I analyzed translated works of fiction, wrote several creative pieces per week, and reviewed and critiqued the writings of fellow students. I received a grade of 100% for every assignment.
Reaching farther back, as you can see from my Work Experience detailed above, I always edited whatever documents crossed my desk. I revised these, not only for basic grammar and punctuation, but also for usage, clarity, and overall word flow. My employers counted on my verbal skills to ensure that the correspondence, contracts, and other documents which left our office were grammatically correct and communicatively clear.
I am extremely interested in the proofreader position you have posted. While I’ve enjoyed the customer service aspect of my past few years of hotel hospitality work, I would much prefer employment which utilizes my greatest (and my most beloved) skill… my writing ability. After reviewing my educational background, skills, and qualifications, I hope you will feel free to contact me either through Indeed or directly, by text or by phone at 717-***-****.
References
Professional
Dr. Kaitlyn Mondello, B.A., M.A., M.Phil., Ph.D., Assistant Professor English, Millersville University ad5slw@r.postjobfree.com
Professor Judah Mahay, MFA, Millersville University ad5slw@r.postjobfree.com
R. K. Hill, Jr., Senior Director of Finance and Business Planning, Amtrak (Retired) ad5slw@r.postjobfree.com
Personal
Nancy C. LaRue ad5slw@r.postjobfree.com
Shannon Kelly ad5slw@r.postjobfree.com

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
I am writing in behalf of Marge Dodge, a person that I have worked with and known for over twenty-five years.
When I retired from Amtrak, I was the Senior Director of Finance and Business Planning for the Operations Department — Northeast Corridor. I oversaw a billion dollars in budgets and the work of twenty employees throughout the Northeast Corridor.
I had the pleasure of working with Marge for 5 years. She was our secretary and assistant to the Director of Budgets. Her responsibilities included project coordination, scheduling and arranging meetings as well as the normal secretarial skills. I came to depend on her for her conscientious performance of her duties as well as her excellent language skills.
Marge is a very straight forward, honest, and compassionate person. She follows instructions well yet is unafraid to make the necessary changes so that any project that she was connected with was done in the most efficient manner- She is very reliable and works well by herself-
I highly recommend Marge for any position that she might apply for in the future. She will be a great asset to any organization that she joins.
Please feel free to call me if you have questions.
Sincerely,

Bob Hill
484-***-****
Contact this candidate