Wayne Swinson, M.S.
Long Beach, CA
818-***-****
Summary:
Wayne is a highly skilled healthcare analyst with a Master's in Cell Biology & Molecular Biology from San Francisco State University. Dedicated and detail-oriented novice grant writer seeking to leverage strong research, writing, and communication skills to contribute effectively to Anti-Recidivism Coalition fundraising efforts. Eager to apply academic knowledge in grant writing to end mass incarceration. Skills: Strong research and analytical abilities. Education:
● Grant Writing & Administrative Certificate CSU Dominguez Hills Summer 2024
● The Creating Opportunities and Resources for Equity in Early Intervention (C.O.R.E.) Certificate March 2023 to Present
● NIH Responsible Conduct of Research (RCR) CITI Training UCSF 2016-2017
● NIH Responsible Conduct of Research (RCR) CITI Training SFSU Fall 2017-2021
● Sally Casanova Scholar SFSU Fall 2018-2019
● MS (Cell Biology & Molecular Biology) from San Francisco State University, CA (2017-2020) Advisor: Leticía Marquez-Magaña
Manuscript Title: Investigating relative telomere length using a mixed-methods case study of premature aging among Black Male Graduate Students
Research:
Reason for Gap: Looking for appropriate opportunity Childcare Provider Essie Justice April 2023 to Present
● Implemented personalized care plans for children with autism and other developmental disabilities in alignment with Essie Justice’s mission to support women with incarcerated loved ones.
● Assisted lead childcare providers in supervising and engaging children in various activities
● Supported children with special needs and provided inclusive care
● Helped maintain a positive and supportive environment for children and families Core Fellows Program Jan 2023 to Present
Special Needs Network
● A comprehensive training program incorporating certifications in Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, alongside professional development opportunities and a stipend, to equip participants with the skills necessary to effectively address the specific requirements of their communities.
● Researched and drafted grant proposals with fellows tailored to support programs and initiatives benefiting children with disabilities, demonstrating a commitment to leveraging funding opportunities for impactful interventions in special education and support services.
● Attended training sessions on early childhood intervention, writing for best practices and fundraising techniques University of Southern California
Serghei Mangul, PhD June 2022-Winter 2022
Manuscript under-review, “RNA-Seq data science: Trends in analysis methods, software development and benchmarking practices across over 200 RNA-Seq tools”
● Assess, research, and report quality control metrics on RNAseq tools
● Supported grant writing team in administrative tasks such as filing, data entry, and scheduling
● Collaborated with program managers to gather necessary information for grant applications
● Attended training sessions on grant writing best practices and fundraising technique
● Research, edits, and writes grant proposals and manuscripts
● Online-platforms: Google Collab, Github, Anaconda Navigator University of Southern California, School of Social Work Benjamin Henwood, PhD Dec 2021 - March 2022
Homeless Count Project Specialist
● Collected data and managed a team of surveyors across all of Los Angeles County SPA zones
● Tracking and distributing survey materials, tracking attendance, and handling crises in the field
● I managed and supporting team members, accurately documenting incidents and data corrections
● I provided reports to project coordinators, maintaining quality assurance, and ensuring safety in the field.
● Facilitated new hire training in a high volume inbound and outbound call center environment usually in five week intervals using a provided curriculum in a class of no more than 30 trainees at a time.
● Trained agents on proper phone etiquette, database navigation and multiple application/system usage with a strong focus on Medicare Part D.
● Submitted periodic reports and analyses of development amongst agents.Trained agents on importance of confidentiality via HIPAA Laws.
● Communicated with various departments including human resources in regards to agent terminations, quality for grading of agent calls, and the help desk for password encryption issues.
● Compiled master lists via Excel with all pertinent agent information including usernames, passwords, test results etc.
University of Southern California, Department of Preventative of Health HCV/HIV Testing and Linkage to Care Program for People who Inject Drugs
(PWID) Summer 2013 June - August , Fall 2013- Spr2016
● Worked as a summer research intern under the guidance of medical sociologist Ricky Bluthenthal, whose research centered on HIV and HCV surveillance as well as methods for reducing their transmission.
● Administered surveys, interviews, and provided free syringes to injection drug users living in the Skid Row, LA
● Conducted one-on-one interviews and started to see beyond stigmatization of addiction and poverty, to see into the social and emotional aspects of the interviewee’s lives.
● Supported grant writing team in administrative tasks such as filing, data entry, and scheduling
● Reviewed and proofread grant proposals for accuracy and coherence San Francisco State University
Leticía Marquez-Magaña, PhD Fall 2019 – Fall 2020
Graduate Research Assistant
● Supported grant writing team in administrative tasks such as filing, data entry, and scheduling
● Reviewed and proofread grant proposals for accuracy and coherence
● Interview and surveyed study participants in a mixed methods study and collaborated with bench and social scientists across disciplines in an instant university
● Collected saliva samples from each student, extracted DNA, assessed DNA purity, and determined RTL, a ratio of telomere base-pair length to hemoglobin base-pair length by using qPCR in five to seven runs, for anyone Sample
● There was a statistically significant distinction between the two students, resulting in the preservation of telomere length and the other with growth.
Columbia University in the city of New York
Peter Bearman, PhD
Summer 2019 June - August
Graduate Research Assistant
● Created and designed a cross-sectional study of state pay cycles and precarious housing (i.e./ evictions, and foreclosures)
● Performed correlation mapping between states that mandate frequent pay cycles (e.g. weekly) versus infrequent pay cycles
● Adjusted eviction data gathering in three dimensions: federal, state, and local data on all 50 states between 1990 and 2016
● Supported grant writing team in administrative tasks such as filing, data entry, and scheduling
● Reviewed and proofread grant proposals for accuracy and coherence San Francisco State University
Dr. Diana Chu
Spring 2017 Fall2018
Graduate Research Assistant
● Studied important fertility factors including histone isoforms incorporated in highly condensed nucleosome networks essential for meiosis
● Regularly maintained, fed and passaged multiple H2A cell lines (regular, double and triple knockout) in the C. elegans model organism
● Using good compliance practices, properly documented essential experiments in laboratory notebook
● Visualized DNA using FISH to determine histone affinity to repressed or actively transcribing DNA motifs
● Administered rt-PCR and qPCR to quantify gene expression between wild type and mutants
● Operated in a pivotal capacity by employing the CRISPR-Cas9 gene editing system to attempt to explore how each domain of each variant carries out its function
● Supported grant writing team in administrative tasks such as filing, data entry, and scheduling
● Reviewed and proofread grant proposals for accuracy and coherence
●
Leadership & Training:
Healing Arts Lab Cal Shakes
Fall 2019-2020
● Participated and engaged in active discussion and engage in creative facilitation techniques rooted in ancestral ways of being in the spirit of black liberation amongst local Bay Area Black artists, scholars, and activists Health Inequities June Jordan
Fall 2018-2019
● As a Health Inequalities teacher at the June Jordan High School of Social Justice, created a curriculum that involved mindfulness and meditation, community-building, and group projects focused on health disparities, food and medicine, and health policy relevant to the students' lived experiences
● Co-organized a lab tour of the UCSF Asthma Collaboratory of Dr. Esteban Burchard.
● Led a panel of laboratory researchers during which they shared their successes and hardships throughout their journeys towards their doctorate programs. It was very meaningful to facilitate mentorship between young people and the scientists they aspire to be.
Scientist Spotlight SFSU Fall 2018-2019
● As an HHMI [Howard Hughes Medical Institute] grant scholar
● Served as a graduate assistant at SFSU’s SEPAL [Science Enrichment Partnership Assistance] lab, directed by Dr. Kimberly Tanner. This introduced to the power of multicultural identity based on narratives in the life sciences, and what it can do for enhancing science identity
● Studied the impact of metacognitive homework assignments (“Scientists Spotlights”) featuring counter-stereotypic examples of scientists in community college introductory science courses. The results showed a jump in learning outcomes for URM students in the course, suggesting that educators can change stereotype threats and possibly increase retention rates of underrepresented minorities in STEM. CV Workshop for First-Year Grad Students SEO Fellowships, SFSU Fall 2018
● Instructed key elements of a CV versus a resume, provided interactive discussion and professional development skills workshop
EMT Program, UCLA Center for Prehospital Care Apr 2016
● Participated in an accelerated three-week emergency technician program, designed to prepare for the national registry (NREMT) exam for license and certification
● Willingness to learn and adapt to challenging stimuli in skills and assessment about basic life support in the emergency services system. American Heart Association (AHA), CPR Certificate, 2016-2018 Instructor/ Tutor- Huntington Learning Center, Valencia, CA 2015, 2016
● Facilitated Huntington Curriculum, verbal and math-related concepts from elementary to secondary school.
● Delegated tasks, and problem-solving strategies to several students with separate course objectives.
● Multi-task supplement instruction for a wide distribution of personalities, and comprehension levels during high-intensity intervals
California Lutheran University Summer 2014
Advisor: Bryan Swig, PhD
● Instructed laboratory fundamentals and safety procedures to students in an introductory college-level biology course
● Guided students through lecture concepts.
● Delegated tasks, and problem-solving strategies to several students with separate course objectives.
● Keen talent for addressing a large group, and provided supplemental instruction during high-intensity intervals Community Outreach:
Black Excellence in STEM (BESTEM), President/Co-Founder 2017-2019
● Established BESTEM with the purpose of increasing retention rates of Black STEM undergraduate and graduate students.
● Designed workshops about finding and maintaining relationships with PIs, creating scientist spotlights on Black scientist contributions, navigating microaggressions, participating in and judging at Black science fairs, and hosting networking events with students and faculty members. SFSU SACNAS Chapter, Community Service Executive Board Member 2017-2018
● SACNAS is a national organization that provides mentor support, conferences, and funding for Chicano and Native American scientists and engineers.
● Served as a volunteer coordinator, organizing graduate students to host basic science tutorials to middle and high school students who do not have access to hands-on laboratory learning.
● Engaged in student organizing, advocating for more representation in the biological sciences department through the hiring of more faculty of color.
● Participated in science campaigns, such as canvassing for the March for Science. Clean Needles Now Skidrow, CA Oct 2015-Mar 2016
● Survey participants for research study and disseminate clean syringe toolkit and contraceptives Saturday Science Academy, Charles Drew University of Medicine Watts, CA Feb 2016-May 2016
● The Charles Drew Science Academy is a K-12 science and math tutoring program based at Charles Drew University, a health professions college that offers many pipeline programs for URM students at different stages of their careers.
● Managed the science and math curriculum and instruction of middle school students from a historically African-American and underserved community.
● Provided academic tutoring, as well as serving as a mentor for future healthcare providers. Tutor/Instructor/Resident Assistant,
Upward Bound Programs, Cal Lutheran 2012,2014,2015
● The Upward connect with students who came from similarly under-resourced areas of LA and began to see the impact of our shared lived experiences on their academic and mental wellbeing.
● Learned that what students needed was not a tutor, but an older brother who can relate to the struggles outside of the classroom that first-gen students have to deal with.
● Use shared narratives to facilitate warm and close connections with my patients as we navigate tough illnesses together. Bound program provides free tutoring, summer academic enrichment courses, and resources to predominantly Latino, low-income, first-generation college students. Community Service Center Intern, California Lutheran University, Thousand Oaks, CA 2012-2013
● As a community service intern cultivated my passion for vulnerable populations through community service and civic advocacy.
● Through organizing clothing, food, and blood drives, building and maintaining existing relationships with local nonprofit organizations and community leaders.
● As physicians, we will rely on our trust community organizations outside of the hospital and clinic to take care of our patients. Community engagement skills to meet my patients where they are at. IFYC 2011
● Collaborated with student leaders to develop student interfaith engagement because of a lack of inclusion on the Cal Lutheran campus that led to harassment and hate crimes amongst peers and staff.
● Organized interfaith activities, wrote a constitutional amendment, and created an interfaith department on campus. Developed a water campaign, as part of a national movement to bring water to areas of shortage in underdeveloped areas in Africa and India.
● Presented this campaign at the IFYC conference, and this helped reap the support and funds needed to make this campaign an even larger success. These experiences became the roots of my social justice values. Conferences:
NextGeneGirls, 3rd Annual STEM Symposium San Francisco, CA Feb 2018 ● Facilitated a developmental biology demo for high school students involving DNA swabs, fold scopes, and a PowerPoint Presentation Green Scholars Program Stanford University, San Francisco State University 2017-Present ● Facilitated a microbiology demo involving basic microscopy techniques and the scientific method Latino Medical Student Association, UCSF Mar 2017 ● Volunteer coordinator, coordinate volunteers for conference set-up, facilitation, and break-down
● Led and facilitated a career workshop and student panel to an audience of high school, and college students Keck School of Medicine of USC, Latin Student American Conference Presenter Apr 2015 ● Engaged in pre-health undergraduates, and high school students about academic research in public health Jan 2015 Upward Bound Program, College of the Canyons
● Led an empowerment workshop on overcoming adversity to low-income, first-generation students Actively engaged participants with guided “hands-on” activities Volunteer Medical Experience:
● Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, San Francisco o Supervisor: Alma Martinez, MD
o Specialty: NICU
● Advanced Pain Medical Group, West Hills
o Supervisor: Kapil Moza, MD
o Specialty: Neurosurgery
● Children’s Hospital Los Angeles (CHLA), Los Angeles o Supervisor: Jeffrey Upperman, MD
o Specialty: Pediatric Surgery
o Supervisor: Dean M. Anselmo, MD
o Specialty: Pediatric Surgery
● LAC+USC Medical Center
o Supervisor: Stuart Swadron, MD
o Specialty: Emergency Medicine
Publication and Presentations:
● Swinson, Wayne, Watson, Kenjus, Marquez-Magaña, Leticía (manuscript). Investigating the relative telomere length using a mixed-methods case study of premature aging of Black male graduate students ● Swinson, Wayne, and McCoughlin Jo-Ann. Traffic-related protective features and hazards in the vicinity of schools in George, South Africa. Manuscript in Progress
● Swinson Wayne, Chu Daniel, Dominquez Karina, Thing James, Bluthenthal Ricky. Time-to-injection initiation among active Injection Drug Users (IDUs) from Los Angeles County and San Francisco County. Bridging the Gaps Summer Research Program, Keck School of Medicine of University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA, August 9, 2013.
● Swinson Wayne (Presentation) Engage pre-health undergraduates, and high school students about academic research in public health, Keck School of Medicine of University of Southern California, Latino Medical Student Association Conference April 4, 2015
Memberships and Leadership Roles:
● NIH RCR, Responsible Conduct of Research 2017-2020
● BE-STEM, SFSU, President
● SACNAS, SFSU, Executive Board Member
● Belay Expert/ Program Facilitator, Fulcrum Adventures
● AHA CPR & First Aid certified (Jun 2014- Jun 2016)
● Upward Bound Head Residential Advisor, CVP, (Summer 2015)
● Bridging the Gaps, Keck School of Medicine, Alumni
● Interfaith Youth Core, Youth organizer
● Cal Lutheran Community Service Center
● Intern ASCLUG Student Senator
● TRIO Programs- US Department of Education
● Cal Lutheran Upward Bound Program Tutor and Mentor (2012-2015)
● AMSA
● BSU president
● First Lego League
● Boys and Girls Club of America
● The Reserve at Park West, assisted living facility, student volunteer Awards/ Honors:
● Sally Casanova Scholar, CSU Pre-Doctoral Program Focus in Social Science Data Methods, R Studio, and Biometric Application from 2018-2019
● Research Initiative for Scientific Enhancement (MBRS-RISE) Fellowship-SFSU from 2017-2019 ● Program designed to prepare students for Ph.D.’s through professional development and mentoring/ Undergraduate Commencement Speaker- California Lutheran University in 2015
● Regents Scholarship- California Lutheran University from 2010-2014
● Everett Thykeson's Science Scholarship-California Lutheran University from 2013-2014
● Bio-Medical Scholarship- California Lutheran University in 2014
● President’s Diversity Mini-Grant California Lutheran University in 2012
● Dean’s List- California Lutheran University in 2010-2011, 2013-2014
Contact this candidate