CHARITY DOMINIC
Technical Writer specializing in information usability and content management optimization. ad6140@r.postjobfree.com 760-***-**** Denver, CO LinkedIn Website The best user manuals are the ones you don’t have to read. Summary
Great documentation starts in user stories: my passion is in taking the user information experience all the way from initial product development and ideation through product release cycles and then back to development for the next sprint. I collaborate tightly with Product Development and UI Design, Training, and QA to continually speak for the customer. After product release, my focus shifts to usability testing, monitoring calls to Customer Support, and pursuing user feedback from Training, Marketing & Customer Success, and users themselves. I interface with technical software developers, IT administrators, electrical engineers, mathematicians, scientists, and government contractors, in order to evangelize the user story and rework internal processes, create internal documentation, and often roadmap documentation planned content through JIRA and Confluence. I can help overhaul legacy documentation, revamp documentation sets, implement new authoring tools and processes, or establish product documentation from scratch. I’m likely to dive into software code, automate with CLI, and troubleshoot (or train coworkers) about authoring tools.
Tools
● Madcap Flare
Central
Templating,
Global project linking
and branching
Administration
Checklists
Project management
● Oxygen XML
● OpenAPI (Swagger)
● Postman API
● Figma
● Confluence
● Jira
● Smartsheet
● Sharepoint (including site
administration)
● Salesforce
● HTML5
● CSS
● Git
● Markdown
● SAML
● DITA
● Visio
● WalkMe
Industries
● IT
IT4IT
6Sigma
ISO900
● Automotive
● Wireless / telecom
● Finance
● Government subcontracting
● Integrated circuit design
● Med-tech and regulated
healthcare
Experience
Senior Technical Writer, JMA Wireless
12/2022 - 06/2024, Hybrid, Boulder CO
Support and optimize team's use of MadCap Flare and related products, enhance content reuse strategy, and support documentation translation and publishing processes. Customize existing content outputs and build new output types to support current and future products.
● Developed tooling for automating authoring, publishing, and reviews for the Tech Pubs team.
● Developed new templates in HTML5 and PDF formats, enhance existing templates.
● Implemented advanced MadCap CMS features (content hosting, analytics, build automation, and content management).
● Enhanced content reuse features in Central (projects, glossaries, conditions, variables, DITA tags, snippets.
● Investigated and resolved technical issues with MadCap Flare.
● Updated and maintained CSS style sheets.
● Participated in strategy and implementation for how content is styled, built, and published as doc deliverables expanded to support multiple product versions and release cycles. Senior Technical Writer, Swisslog Healthcare, 02/2021 - 12/2022 On-site, Denver CO
Administered Madcap Flare including CSS styling and global project linking for team of technical writers. Authored content for a variety of software and hardware products in the regulated medtech space, including pneumatic tube hospital delivery systems, robotic pharmacy warehousing, and government traceability and reporting information systems. Senior Technical API Writer, BrightInsight
10/2020 - 02/2021, Remote
Authored API documentation for med-tech software components using SAML, Markdown, and OpenAPI.
Principle Technical Writer, Wurk
06/2019 - 03/2020, On-site, Denver CO
● Created the company's first online help system from scratch.
● Updated WalkMe tutorials to reflect new UI.
Established internal processes in a startup, Office 365 environment to convert tribal knowledge, platform-level legacy documentation, customer support notes, and training calls into over 200 step-by-step topics in a searchable, tagged, single-sourced, heavily illustrated online help system in 9 months. Interpreted the Kronos white labeling implementation process into standardized use cases in order to design task-based, user-centered content. Translated jargon-laden and overly detailed source material into user-enabling topics with robust cross-referencing and “white-glove” navigation design, tagging schema, glossary, microcontent, and keywording. Set up internal review, feedback, and topic request process, test and release environments, and user feedback portal via Salesforce ticketing. Established style guide and Sharepoint working areas for QA Knowledge Base. Averaged 2 to 5 new published topics a day with illustrations. Fixed showstopper Flare code issues with no prepaid Support. Replaced a PDF-based document set and outdated KB articles in Salesforce with searchable, branded, printable online help. Added translation to provide help for Spanish users. Senior Technical Writer & Usability Specialist, Nissan Motor Corporation 06/2017 - 05/2019, On-site, Denver CO
● Authored content for internal IT and end users as part of its Data Center.
● Designed and administered the IT Sharepoint site including socialization, graphics, permissions, and data retention automation.
Collaborated with developers, service level managers, process leads, service desk, and customers to continually improve the IT information experience, including the design and functionality of our ServiceNow instances. Facilitated cross-functional process improvement by designing and hosting meetings and workshops, with a focus on Agile methodologies IT4IT and ITSM frameworks. Established, maintained, and socialized document templates, stylistic standards, and publication processes.
Principal Technical Writer: "Information Experience Design Lead", EMS Software 11/2015 - 05/2017, On-site, Denver CO
● Updated and revised documentation into accessible and user-friendly online content. Functioned autonomously, embedded within Product Development, QA, and Support. Ensured streamlined, effective documentation revision and timely publication. Established new HTML-based CMS, including style guide and content templates. Curated content and blog about product usage, features, and user culture. Participated in on-site training and installations, testing, and troubleshooting.
Content Manager and Assistant Portfolio Project Manager, Qualcomm 05/2014 - 11/2015, On-site, San Diego CA
● Established and maintained Sharepoint as the company's primary CMS.
● Trained over 3000 internal users, enforcing security policies and content standards. Analyzed and ported data from multiple external data sources including Microsoft Project. Established automated rollup reports for Project Management, Executive, and Data Analytics. Administered CMS, serving as primary point of contact for all user support and training. Created extensive site templates, webparts, and data-intensive Sharepoint sites. Collaborated with external organizations including IT and sales.
Technical Writer III, QCT Division, Qualcomm
06/2011 - 11/2015, On-site, San Diego CA
● Liaised between engineers from (acquired company) Rapid Bridge and QCT to ensure adherence to documentation processes and templates as existing IP was consumed into Qualcomm product line.
● Archived and maintained extensive legacy documentation and update for re-use in new designs with Qualcomm.
Collaborated with IT to migrate the organization to Sharepoint. Worked with Product Management to track product roadmap, developing, testing, documenting, and implementing new software solutions. Worked with Process Improvement and IT teams to build and publicize new collaboration and information hubs and transition from wiki pages to SharePoint. Additional Work Experience
Freelance Technical Writer, Code Brilliant
06/2010 - 09/2011, Remote
Authored online help for a start-up legal e-learning software application. Senior Technical Writer, Rapid Bridge LLC
11/2008 - 06/2011, On-site, San Diego CA
Authored white papers, test reports, data sheets, and design documentation for this boutique integrated circuit design firm.
Senior Technical Writer, Sorenson Media
06/2010 - 01/2011
Technical Writer III, Quest Software (formerly Akonix) 08/2007 - 10/2008
Sr. Technical Writer, DivX Inc.
10/2004 - 07/2007
Writing Director, Seasilver, Inc.
09/2003 - 08/2004
Education
● MA, Literature and Writing Studies, CSU San Marcos, 2001
● BA, (cum laude) Literature and Writing Studies, CSU San Marcos 1999
Contact this candidate