MUTHUMAYAN S
Phone: +918*********
Email : ad6dvg@r.postjobfree.com
Career Objective:
To be a part of a leading and innovative organization and contribute towards its growth and success using my potential skill set to the maximum and also to improve my skills and knowledge along with the organization's objective. Professional Experience:
Technical Writer & Technical Illustrator (Apr 2022 – Present) Cyient Ltd. ( Client – The Toro(Via Off- Highway Equipment’s, heavy machinery)).
Senior Analyst – Technical Illustrator (Jun 2021 – Jan2022). Capgemini Pvt Ltd. ( Client – Airbus)
Engineer – Technical Illustrator (May 2019 – Aug 2020) Alten India Pvt Ltd. ( Client – Airbus)
Professional Summary:
Experience in Technical Publication Standards like ISPEC 2200, S1000D & ATA100.
Worked on various subsystems of Aerospace and Automotive Components.
New Creation and Revision of Illustrations for AMM, IPC, and A350, A380, A330, A340, A320 family worked for ATA 11, 21, 25, 52, 53 and 57.
Experience on handling 3D model.
Experience in analyzing of 2D / 3D drawings.
Technical illustration concepts & Standards.(TDG)
Good Communication skills, Quick learning ability, Adaptability to change, Hardworking, Good team player, Committed to honesty and responsibility.
Ready to learn and work on new tools as per project requirements. Roles and responsibilities:
Creation of illustrations for Aerospace and Automotive Technical Manuals by using Tech Illustrator, Adobe Illustrator, and Creo Illustrator
Analysis of 2D Drawings to prepare detail view and its locator of the particular Aircraft program according to the Authoring Mockup (Draft).
Creation of Parts page manuals for Automotive Domain by using Arbortext Epic Editor-DITA,
Read and interpret Engineering Drawings, Detailed Analysis of inputs and intimating the customer in case of any discrepancies for clarification on the same time.
Extracting the isometric and section views of 3D models using the CAD Tool softwares.
Designing the Illustrations as per Airbus Technical Data Specifications and applying the approved methods, processes and tools of Customization.
Maintaining timely delivery of Illustrations as per customer requirements.
Analyzing the Internal and External rejections to find a solution to avoid those errors in next time.
Clarifying the designer query’s at production level and sharing the knowledge. Tool Skills:
Arbortext Epic Editor – DITA Tech Illustrator Creo Illustrator AutoCad Adobe Illustrator Product View 3DXML CATIA
SAP ZAMIZ Isodraw PASSI-Windchill
Educational Qualification:
B.E Aeronautical Engineering Lord Jegannath College of Engineering and Technology 6 CGPA 12th Govt Kaller Higher Secondary School 63%
10th Govt Kaller Higher Secondary School 77%
Technical Skills
MS Office,
Fault Debugging, Major Troubleshooting and Installation of New Hardware & Software in the Computer.
C Programming
Computer Basics (Windows family).
Honors / Awards:
Most Valued Performer Bronze – Cyient.
Professional Skills:
Self-Disciplined & Punctuality
Hardworking
Ability to Work in Team
Quick Learning
Personal Details:
Father’s Name : Samythevan A
Date of Birth : 22th October 1993
Gender : Male
Marital status : Single
Nationality : Indian
Languages Known : Tamil, English, Malayalam & Kannada
Hobbies : Cricket, Kabbadi, Gathering Knowledge of Technics to work smart and faster Disclaimer:
I hereby declare that the above information contained here in is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
(Muthumayan S)
Contact this candidate